1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4699
spoken to it as I could speak to any other case.
But I did not speak to it; I did not intend to
speak to it; I asked no time for speaking to it
until I learned that an attempt was to be made
to my injury by some member of this House.
I then asked for time, and obtained it from my
friend from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenckes.]
You were told that there would be sent to the
Clerk's desk to be read a statement, under the
hand and seal of the Commissioner of Patents,
that I had received a fee for advocating this
case on this floor. That was stated over and
over again in the hearing of this House. I at
first thought it my duty to object to the read-
ing of the papers from the Patent Office,
because malice aided by wickedness is infinite
in design, and I did not know how much wrong
and perjury might be got up to my injury. But
on seeing what was certified to, it turns out that
when my client was required to return his ex-
pensesfordefendinghis patentbeforethe courts
he returned as counsel fees the sum which he
had paid me.
Upon that slender foundation this attack has
been made upon me. The time of the country
has been taken up, the business of the country
and the legislation of the people has been
stopped, to prove—what? We present the
singular spectacle before the people of an
attempted arraignment of one of our number
upon prepared charges, taking him unaware;
the blow of a coward and assassin wherever
made. [The Speaker here rapped loudly with
his gavel.] Is there a message from the Sen-
ate, Mr. Speaker? [Great laughter.] I have
said nothing unparliamentary. I say a pre-
pared blow delivered when the person attacked
is unprepared is the blow of a coward and
assassin, whenever and wherever made. That
is a great truth in ethics which I think no one,
not even the Speaker with his hammer, will
interfere with.
That being my condition, I ask the judgment
of the House, I ask the judgment of the coun-
try, it' there is any gentleman who, upon my
statement, no word of which can be interfered
with or successfully contradicted—I ask if there
is any gentleman who thinks I have done that
which a member of Congress ought not to have
done ; that I have been in any way false to
my duty? If so, then I invoke a vote of cen-
sure from that gentleman. This I ask, for I
think I have a right to ask it, because an attack
has been made upon me which has gone forth
to the country, and there is no man of you
more than myself who is safe against fraud,
malice, or misstatement. For, mark you, gen-
tlemen, I have not sought this controversy at
all. It is well known that there is a very great
difference of feeling between myself and my
assailant. But have I ever intruded that dif-
ference upon this House? Have I ever brought
my private quarrels in here? Have I ever
undertaken this sort of attack? Never. When
I do, I trust that I shall then be put on a level
with my assailant j but not till then ; not till
then, thank God!
Now, in what I have said I have endeavored
to keep within the bounds of strict parlia-
mentary language. That I have strong ieeling
in this matter, Mr. Speaker, is most true ; and
I cannot, therefore, trust myself with proper
words of characterization. But if any gentle-
man will look at this brief, any lawyer whom
a too confiding client would trust with the
management of a fifty-dollar case before a
country jury, will take this brief and read it,
and say that he would have prepared it for less
than $2,000, provided he could read the lan-
guage in which a part of it is written, then
him have I offended, and no other.
The work is there; it was the brief ot the
rehearing. While on the first argument there
was no opinion of the court given, the majority
of the court was against the application of my
client; but there being not a full court a
rehearing was granted. Upon the rehearing
judgment was given for my client, upon this
weak and miserable brief, " which was filed for
a mere pretense:"
" 0 father Abraham, what these Christians are ;
"Whose own hard dealings teaches them suspect
The thoughts of others."
Mr. STRONG. I desire to detain the House
for but a few moments. I have taken no part
in this controversy between the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] and the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] because
it had nothing to do with the merits of the sub-
ject before the House. But I wish to read to
the House the record in the Congressional
Globe of the introduction of this bill into Con-
gress, and its passage through Congress. I
will read every word of the record upon that
subject, so that members may understand pre-
cisely what occurred in both branches of Con-
gress, for it has been said on this floor by some
one that this subject was discussed in the Sen-
ate. In the proceedings of the Senate of the
8th of April, 1869, as published in the Con-
gressional Globe, is the following:
"Mr. Crasin presented the petition of I! oil in
White, praying an extension of his patent for
improvement in pistols; which was referred to tho
Committee on Patents."
In the record of proceedings of the Senate,
as published in the Congressional Globe for
April 9, 1869, 1 find the following:
" Mr. Carpenter, from the Committee on Patents,
to whom was referred the petition of Kollin White,
reported a bill (S. No. 273) for the relief of llollm
"White; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
"Mr. Carpenter. X should like to have the bill
considered now.
"Mr. Drake. I object. Letus go on with executive
business."
In the record of the proceedings of the even-
ing session of the Senate of that same day I
find the following:
"Mr. Carpenter. I asktheindulgenceoftlioSen-
ate to tike up the bill (S.'No. 273) tor the reliof of
Kollin White. It will lead, I am sure, to no discus-
sion. It has been reported from the Committee on
Patents, and is simply a bill to authorize a rehearing
of an application for an extension of patent, upon the
ground that the proofs were defective at the hearing
without the fault of the petitioner.
" The motion was agreed to; and the hill (S. No.
273) lor the relief of Rollm White was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of tho Whole."
Then comes a statement of the provisions of
the bill, after which—
"The bill was reported tothe Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to bo engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed."
That is the record of the proceedings of the
Senate in this case. The record of the pro-
ceedings of the House upon the same subject
I will now read.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. My point of order is that
it is not in order, upon the consideration of
this subject, to refer to what occurred in the
other branch of Congress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains, the
point of order, but the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Strong] has passed beyond that
point.
Mr. STRONG. I come now to the record
of proceedings in the House. _ The next day,
while the House was engaged in the consider-
ation of business on the Speaker's table, this
bill was reached. The record is as follows:
" The next business on the Speaker's table was the
hill (S. No. 273) for the relief of Rollin White; which
was read a first and second time."
Then comes a statement of the provisions of
the bill; after which—
" Mr. Jenckes. The Committee on Patents have
examined this bill and recommend its passage.
Without further action on the bill at that
time a recess was taken by the House. Alter
the recess the following proceedings occurred,
according to the Congressional Globe:
"Mr. Jenckes. I now call up the unfinished busi-
ness, being Senate bill No. 273, for the relief of Kollm
White, and demand the previous question.
M The previous question was seconded and the mam
question ordered; and under the operation thereof,
the bill was ordered to a third reading; and it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
"Mr. Jenckes moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
"The latter motion wasagreed to."
As will be seen, the bill was rushed through
the two Houses without any discussion what-
ever. It is this bill, rushed through Congress
in such unseemly haste at the last session,
which the President has vetoed, and which this
House is now asked to pass over that veto. I
am in favor of sustaining the veto, and now
call the previous question.
The question being put, the motion was
agreed to.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question is, " Will
the House, on reconsideration, pass this bill,
the objections of the President to the contrary
notwithstanding?" On this question, in ac-
cordance with the Constitution, the yeas and
nays will be taken.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 12, nays 1G8, not voting 50 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Dawes, Ela, Fisher,
Jenckes,Johnson,Kelsey,McCrary, Poland, Schenck,
Stevens, and Wheeler—12.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Armstrong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Bailey,
Barry, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett,
Biggs, Bird, Blair, Boles, Booker, Boyd, James
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton. Burchard, Bur-
dctt, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark,
Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Co-
vode, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Davis. Dcgener, Dickey,
Dickinson, Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Dox, Dyer,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferris??, Ferry, Finkelnburg,
Fitch, Fox,Garfield,Getz,Gilfilian,Griswold, I-Iaight,
Ilaldoman, Hale, Hambleton, Harris, Hawkins,
Hay, Hays, Heflin, Hoar. Ingersoll.ThomasL. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Knapp,
Knott, Laflin, Lawrence, Lewis, Logan, Marshall,
Mayham, Maynard, McCormick, McGrew, McKee,
McKenzic.McNeely, Jesse II. Moore,"William Moore,
Morgan, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey,
Mungen, Negley, Newsham, Niblack, O'Neill,Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters,
Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Prosser,
Randall, Reoves, llice, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Schumaker, Scofield, Shanks, Lionol
A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober, Slu-
cum, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William J.
Smith,William Smyth, Starkweather, Stiles, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, Strong, Swann,
Xaffe, Tanner, Taylor, Trimble, Twichell, Tynor,
Upson, Van Horn, Van AVyck, Wallace, Ward, Cad-
walader C.Washburn. William B.Washburn, Welker,
Wells, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Williams, Eugene M.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wmans, Winchester, and
Wood—168.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ayer, Banks, Barnura,
Benton, Bingham, Bowen, George M. Brooks, Burr,
Benjamin F. Butler. Roderick R. Butler, Cake. Sid-
ney Clarke,Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cowles, Duval,
Gibson, llamill, Hamilton, Hawley, lleaton, Hill,
Hoge, Ilolman, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Alexander H.
Jones, Kerr, La^li, Loughridare, Lynch, McCarthy,
Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim II. Moore, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Myers, Ridgway,Worthington C.Smith, Steven-
son, Stone, S ween ey.Tillman.Townsend, Van A liken,
Van Trump,Voorhees, Willard.Witcher, and Wood-
ward—50.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the House refused to repass the bill.
NATIONAL JUNCTION RAILWAY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
572) to amend an act incorporating the National
Junction Railway Company.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
In line eighteen, after the word "route," insert
"southerly of and."
Add the following as a new section:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the right of
way hereby granted shall be so located as to coincide
with the grade of any railroad to which the right of
way has heretofore been granted.
Mr. COOK. I move that the House concur
in the amendments of the Senate ; and on that
motion I call the previous question.
Mr. BIRD. Is it in order to move the ref-
erence of these amendments?
The SPEAKER. Not while the demand
for the previous question is pending.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
• Mr. BIRD. I call for the yeas and nays on
