1868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
The Senator from Ohio says this is honest.
I do not think it is any more honest in the
Government than it is in an individual. The
Government has the same right to go into
market and borrow money for use that any
individual has, but it has not the right to go
into the market and borrow money to lock up,
or to retire from circulation, or to employ in
any way to depress prices. That is a thing
which every debtor in this country has a right
to protest against and will protest against.
Mr. President, you have tried it. In 1866
you authorized the Secretary of the Treasury to
do this precise thing, but you said that he should
only withdraw $10,000,000 in six months, and
after that only $4,000,000 a month, and that
statute remained on your books about a year—
a little more than a year.
Mr. SHERMAN. But my friend will remem-
ber that at that time there were about two or
three hundred million dollars of other notes
outstanding, and the Secretary contracted, in
addition to the $10,000,000, the whole
$200,000,000 of fiveper cent, notes and other
legal-tender notes.
Mr. HOWE. There was other contraction
going on at the time, to be sure; but the fact
was then, and is now, that contraction of the
circulation is always dangerous; and, as my
friend from Kansas said just now, it is unneces-
sary. I am no more a friend to the greenback
than is the Senator from Ohio. I protest against
that sort of currency as much as any Senator on
this floor. I am as much in favor of a return
to specie payments as is the Senator from Ohio.
I thought I knew the way to specie payments,
and I think the way is provided in this bill. I
do not think it is a free and unobstructed way,
but I think it is not in the third section. The
honest way is in the tenth section. I do not
think that is exactly honest, and I have said
once before, and I repeat now, that I hope the
Senator from Ohio will consent to make it
freer than it is. It is curbed and restricted by
conditions which injure that provision instead
of benefiting it, in my judgment.
But we aTe told, on the other hand, that the
volume of circulation is too-great, and that
specie payments are not possible while the
volume is so large; and the question was put
just now by the Senator from New York per-
emptorily to the Senator from Indiana if it
were possible to resume specie payments and
maintain specie payments with so large a cir-
culation as we have.
Mr. President, what is the evidence, I ask
once more, that the volume of the circulation
is too great ? " Is it needed ?'' asks the Senator
from New York. Needed 1 Is it used without
being needed? It is used; your whole volume
of legal tenders and of bank circulation is used
most actively. No currency was ever more
actively employed in the world than this whole
volume is. Is it used disastrously? Do those
who employ it lose by it or make by it ? I
have not seen the evidence that they are losers
by the employment of it. I do not know that
it is improvidently used. If it were improvi-
dently used those very shrewd, sagacious men,
the bankers of the country, who employ $300,-
000,000 of it, would not be tempted by the mere
promise of interest to let it out, but would hold
on to it. They know when to loan money and
what to loan it for. They are loaning, day after
day, $300,000,000 of this; and therefore, I take
it, it is employed not uselessly or needlessly.
But it is said we have not specie payments.
Mr. President, I say we have specie payments
to-day with this whole circulation out. Specie
payments how ? That this circulation is con-
vertible into specie at par? No; you never
saw a paper circulation in the world that was;
but your specie debt is met to-day in specie.
That is what I mean, and that is the best state
of the finances you ever saw at any time. Could
not this specie debt be met in specie to-day
without a premium just as well as with a pre-
mium on gold? Who makes money out of the
fact that coin bears a premium to-day over
paper of ten or eleven or fourteen per cent. ?
Who would make money if it bore a premium
of sixty per cent. ? The capital of the country?
Not a bit of it; it is no advantage in the world
to them. Sometimes they will make something
out of it when it is going up; but capital sweats
when it is coming down always. The men who
realize the most profit out of this are the adven-
turers, the speculators, the gamblers, who are
contented to lose a fortune one day if they can
have a chance to make a fortune next day;
and if they were not playing this game they
would be playing faro or some kindred game.
They are the men who produce this differ-
ence. I cannot for my life see how capital is
benefited at all by the premium that gold now
commands. If there was no premium upon
it to-day, if it were at par, then I say those
who issue the paper of the country would not
be called upon for any more Specie than was
demanded for the actual wants of commerce ;
but I do think, unlike the Senator from Indi-
ana, that the Treasury of the United States
cannot issue paper upon that condition, because
the Treasury does not sustain those relations
to the business of the country which bankers
do. I do not wish to repeat that idea. I elab-
orated it the other day sufficiently for my own
purposes, if not for the purpose of anybody
else.
Mr. President, the Senator from Ohio, if
he will consent that this provision be stricken
out of this section, will find our way in the
tenth scction of the bill to specie payments,
and I think the true way; but I declare that,
having read the whole bill repeatedly before I
discovered anywhere a provision for the uncon-
ditional funding of legal-tender notes, I have
been absolutely astounded to find in this third
section three distinct provisions which author-
ize that very identical thing. The whole power,
the whole authority complete, was given in the
twelfth line, if there had been nothing else
there, which the Senator from Indiana called
attention to, and the complete power was given
in the subsequent lines, thirteen and fourteen,
to which the Senator from Massachusetts called
attention.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator to under-
stand that I am very much in favor of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I made a speech here
about that, in which I thought I had called
the attention of everybody to it. I called spe-
cial attention to this particalar clause.
Mr. HOWE. I listened to the Senator from
Ohio. I listened to his speech, and I know he
cannot talk with so much indirection as this is
written. I am astonished that I did not under-
stand his speech; but here is the fact. Did ;
the Senator say that that power was contained
in three distinct clauses of this section? Strike
out all below the twelfth line, and I say you J
have this power in the twelfth line. Strike j
out the twelfth line and you have it in the thir- j
teenth and fourteenth lines. Strike out both 1
these and you have it in the subsequent clause j
to which I called attention. The Senator from j
Ohio says it is so; and I cannot understand
now why you do not consent to strike out two
of them at least—discount sixty-six per cent,
or two thirds. Why not?
The Senator from Ohio is mistaken in sup-
posing that there can be any practical use made
of this clause, I think, such as he suggests. He
seems to think that under that clause the Secre-
tary may go on and issue more than four hun-
dred million dollars of bonds and exchange
them for legal tenders ; but he says the legal
tenders will not be retired. They will be
money, and will they not add to the debt in
that way? Will not your monthly returns show
that you have still $356,000,000 of legal tend-
ers out; and will they not show that you have
an additional $300,000,000 of four per cent,
bonds? The Secretary may say that his re-
sources are greater, that the net indebtedness
is not increased, and the act says it shall not be
increased; but how are you going to get rid of
that? The Senator says the Secretary can then go
into the market with his legal tenders and buy
interest-bearing bonds. Under what authority?
When the Secretary of the Treasury has issued
$100,000,000 of four per cent, bonds in addi-
tion to the $400,000,000 and has got the green-
backs in the Treasury, under what authority
of law is he going into the market to buy bonds
with that $100,000,000? It is not in this bill.
Is there existing law to do that ?
Mr. SHERMAN. During last summer he has
bought up about ninety million dollars under
the authority of existing law. The general
authority is contained in the old loan acts.
But that is a question I do not want to raise or
discuss. The power has been exercised during
the last summer and up to this time.
Mr. HOWE. I am very glad to raise it. You
have not had any funding bill except the pro-
vision which is found in the act of 1806, which is
functus officio, as the Senator from Ohio says.
Now, I know one of these games is going to stop.
If you commence funding I hope you will stop
speculating in bonds ; and if you have got pro-
visions on the statute-book by which the Secre-
tary can do that business, I hope you will put
a hand to them when you agree to these fund-
Wg provisions and give him the means to get
that amount of money with which he can re-
deem the indebtedness. That is enough. Go
on with dealing, but do not go trading.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ought in justice to the
Secretary to say that power is expressly given
so far as the sinking fund is concerned; but I
have always doubted the power to purchase
bonds beyond the amount needed for the sink-
ing fund. At any rate he has exercised his
power wisely, as we all suppose. Still I have
never been able to see the distinct authority
for purchasing bonds as he has done.
Mr. HOWE. It is not necessary for me to
say, I hope, that I had not the slightest inten-
tion of criticising the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. I had two objects in view; one was to
find out what the law is, and then how much
of it the Finance Committee propose to con-
tinue.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I am not
"a prophet or the son of a prophet,'' but I will
venture to say that if this provision is stricken
! out of this bill it will put gold up several per
cent.; because it will be the deliberate judg-
ment of the Senate that the greenbacks of this
country are not worth as much as a four per
ceut. bond; and whenever the Senate of the
United States expresses its judgment to that
effect I presume the financial men of the coun-
try will acquiesce in that judgment, and so it
will be settled that with all our pretended
anticipations of the speedy resumption of specie
payments we do not believe that the greenbacks
now are worth as much as a four per cent. bond.
It seems to be admitted that there is no great
probability that the greenbacks will float into
a four per cent, bond so as to produce a prac-
tical contraction of the currency, and I do not
think there is any ground for such an appre-
hension. But the virtue in this provisiongrows
out of the fact that it appreciates the value of
the greenback circulation of the country. Much
has been said here, and particularly by the
Senator from Wisconsin, as to these dis-
honored notes, that their circulation was a
disgrace to the country, and they are below
their par value in gold because they are dis-
honored; and now when the country proposes
to honor these notes, and so advance their
value, objection is made because there is a
possibility that there may be some contraction.
Now, sir, several days ago I introduced a
resolution here providing that if an individual
holding greenbacks was willing to take a dollar
in gold for one dollar and twenty cents in green-
backs he should have the privilege of present-
ing to the Treasury his greenbacks and taking
gold. The object of that resolution was, and
its effect would be if it was adopted by Con-
gress, whatever might happen in the country,
to confine the fluctuations in gold betweeu 120
and a par value. Now this proposition is in
