5644
THE COMPRESSION"AL GLOBE.
July V5,
the Commissioner of the General Lund Office
to issue a patent to Stephen Marston, of Bart-
ford, State of Connecticut, conveying to the
said Marston the lands described iu said res-
olution ;
A joint resolution (H. II. No. 224) for the
relief of Mrs. Margaret P. Robinson, of Ken-
tucky ;
A joint resolution (H. E. No. 823) giving
condemned ordnance to the National Asylum
for Disabled Soldiers, Milwaukee, Wisconsin ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 372) to per-
mit the Secretary of the Treasury to allow cer-
tain boats to carry passengers and their bag-
gage between American ports on Lake Ontario;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 376) author-
izing the donation of certain property of the
United States in the city of Galveston, State of
Texas, to said city;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 378) granting
condemned cannon to the Delaware Soldiers'
and Sailors' Monument Association ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 380) author-
izing the Secretary of War to furnish cannons
to "soldiers plat" in Riverview Cemetery, at
Trenton, New Jersey; and
A joint resolution (H, R. No. 383) author-
izing the extension of the supervision of the
Capitol police over the Botanic Garden.
MILITARY WAGON-ROAD, OREGON.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table the
bill (S. No. 952) to amend an act entitled "An
act granting lands to the State of Oregon to
aid in the construction of a military wagon-
road from Albany, Oregon, to the eastern
boundary of said State."
There was no objection.
The bill was taken up and read a first and
second time. It provides that an act granting
lands to the State of Oregon to aid in the con-
struction of a military road from Albany, Ore-
gon, to the eastern boundary of said State be
amended so as to strike out the words " by the
way of Canyon City" in the first section of said
act, and insert instead thereof the words " by
the way of Camp Kearny."
Objection was made.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I move that the
rules be suspended.
The question was put; and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the rules were suspended, and
the bill was read three times, and passed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES
Mr. TILLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask leave
to offer a bill for the removal of political dis-
abilities, as follows:
A hill to remove the political and legal disabilities
of citizens of the fourth congressional district ot
Tennessee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howie of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, (two thirds of each House concurring,) That
a.U political and legal disabilities imposed by the
Constitution and laws of Congress tor participation
iu the late rebellion against tlie Government ot the
United States bo, and the same are hereby, removed
from Joseph E. Palmer, of Rutherford county: J. B.
Stacy and Thomas M. Jones, of Giles county; N. W.
Carter, of Pranlslin county; F. P. ITulton, of Lincoln
county; and It. H. Terry, F. J?. ronville, II. P. Iiolt,
J. II. Harrison, P. S. Dean, John II. Oneal, T. 13.
Ivy, and Thomas G. Mosely.ot Bedford county, and
all other persons subject to and laboring under such
disabilities; and that this act take effect from and
after its passage.
Mr. Speaker, I come from a district that sent
as many men into the rebellion, perhaps, as any
other in Tennessee, and since the war has been
emphatically the Kuklux district of the State.
Rut their tollies and crimes furnish no excuse
to good Republicans to refuse to do right.
Heretofore a few have had their disabilities
removed in my district, and those named in
the bill ask Congress through me to have theirs
removed, and their petitions, and bills in their
favor, have been intioduced arid referred to the
Reconstruction Committee. All others in the
district I consider as worthy as those asking,
and a majority of the Republicans whom I
represent desire that all should be relieved and
this partial legislation should cease. The con-
vention that nominated me resolved in the
platform that they wore in favor of equal rights
to all. It met my approbation and 1 made the
canvass, pledging myself to favor such a policy
if elected, and gave it as my opinioh that the
election of General Grant would be followed
by a general relief. Though my seat is con-
tested here the result shows I ran a little ahead
of General Grant, and I am confident I do not
misrepresent either those who voted for me or
those against me in asking the removal of all
disabilities. I ask it upon principle, believing
the guarantees we have taken in behalf of uni-
versal freedom justify our now acting upon the
high national principles of the party.
It may be objected you ought not to* dis-
criminate in favor of a section. Well, I do
not believe in longer discrimination, as my
action here proves; but to discriminate for all
in a section is less objectionable than for indi-
viduals, at least I think so, and would be glad
if you would make the experiment, and think,
Mr. Speaker, it a propitious time to- do so.
The ex-rebel element has lately seized upon
the State government by means I think which
were unjustifiable and illegal, and should have
been resisted by proper legislation here; but
now I think the time has passed, and my con-
stituents have accepted the situation.
The ex-rebels hold, or soon willhold, all the
State offices, and are extremely anxious to
come to Congress, and if we would wisely ob-
serve the " ruling passion " among them, I do
not know but loyalty might be encouraged even
in the secessiou Democracy of the South. This
"wild hunt for office" makes it a propitious
time to let them up. In their divisions we
Republicans may be looked for, for our votes
and not for our lives, and they may have some
regard for the enforcement of the fifteenth
amendment through selfishness. But, Mr.
Speaker, 1 promised to be brief. I will keep
my word.
I have been waiting and watching for an
opportunity to make this motion, and even had
for some time a little speech for the occasion,
which I had hoped to getiu the Globe, whether
spoken or not, for home consumption, like the
most of productions that fill its numerous col-
ums; but will content myself with the courtesy
of the House for the privilege of presenting
this brief abstract, and will make myset speech,
if at all, to, my constituents face to face.
The question was on receiving the bill, and
ordering it to be read a first and second time.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object.
Mr. TILLMAN. I move to suspend the
rules, and pass the bill.
The question was put; and (two thirds not
voting in favor thereof) the rules were not sus-
pended.
ClIATTAIIOOCniE AltSBNAL.
Mr. HAMILTON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report back,
with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
(H. R. No. 1518) donating the Chattahoochie
arsenal to the State of Florida.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information,after which objections will be asked
for, if any.
The bill was read. It provides that the pub-
lic property, with the public grounds and build-
ings thereunto belonging, situated in Gadsden
county, Florida, and known as the Chattahoo-
chie arsenal, and at present occupied by said
State as a penitentiary, be, and the same are
hereby, granted and donated to the State of
Florida for educational purposes ; and the Sec-
retary of War is authorized and directed to
transfer said property to the board of internal
improvement of the Stateof Florida, to be held
by them in trust for the use and benefit and
execution of the purpose of this trust, or for
such other purpose as the said board may think
proper.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object.
Mr. LOGAN. I think there should be no
objection to the passage of this bill.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the bill be put on its
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—ayes 90, noes 27.
Mr. MUNGEN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HA MILTON. If the House will permit
me, I will say that this bill is unaniraously
recommended bythe Committee on Military
Affairs. This property is now in the posses-
sion of the State of Florida, having been trans-
ferred by Secretary Stanton in 1866. It is now
used by the State as a penitentiary, and it is
proposed to donate it for educational purposes.
Mr. MUNGEN. My objection is not, so
much to the merits of this bill as tothe fact
that privileged reports cannot be got in.
The SPEAKER. That objection is to the
Chair, and not to the gentleman from Florida.
On ordering the yeas andnays, therewere—
ayes ten.
So the yeas and nays were refused, the irules
were suspended, and the bill was passed.
SCHOOLCRAFT'S INDIAN BISTORT.
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to make a privileged
report. I am instructed by the joint Commit-
tee on Printing to report back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 864) relative to Schoolcraft's His-
tory of the Indian Tribes.
The joint resolution was read. The pre-
amble recites that the celebrated boob known
as Schoolcraft's History, Statistics, Condition,
and Prospects of the Indian Tribes of the
United States is out of print, and scarcely a
copy can be found in any library, public or
private, in the country; and that Mr. Foley,
of this city, has the original plate and copy-
right of the work, and is preparing an edition
to be printed, and neatly bound in morocco.
The joint resolution therefore provides that the
Secretary of the Senate, and the Clerk of the
House of Representatives be, and they are
hereby, authorized to contract with the said
Foley for two thousand copies of said work, at
a reasonable price therefor.
Mr. LAFLIN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. MUNGEN. No, -sir. I want to say a
word myself.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York raise the question that this is not
the report of the committee?
Mr. LAFLIN. It is the report of the com-
mittee ; but I object to it entirely.
The question was on ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The question was put; and it was not
agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTION' RE1D YS. JULIAN.
Mr. CESSNA. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I call up the report of the Committee
of Elections in the contested-election case
from Indiana, of Reid vs. Julian. But I yield
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
to move to take a bill from the Speaker's table,
provided the yeas and nays shall not be taken
on it.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT TilKSTON, NEW JERSEY.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to take from the
Speaker's table and put upon its passage the
bill (S. No. 892) to provide for a building suited
to the use of the post office, pension and
revenue officers of the United States in the
city of Trenton, New Jersey.
Mr, KELSEY. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. KELSEY. I demand the regular order.
Mr. CESSNA. I yielded on the conuftion
that it should not be necessary to take the yeae
and nays.
Mr. KERR. I object to yielding further.
CON'TESTED ELECTION SHIELDS VS. VAN HORN.
: Mr. CHURCHILL. Tpresent a report from
ii the Committee of Elections on the contested-
