1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3757
cases the penal statutes of the United States
have been made to take effect at a future day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator cannot pro-
duce an instance, except in some tariff acts,
and those not on account of any penalties, but
on account of goods being imported and on
the way.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, sir, I think it is the
case with most of the penal statutes of the Uni-
ted States that the act is made to take effect at
a future day; that is my impression. But. sir,
if it is not so it ought to be so; and so strong
is the reason for its being so, so manifestly just
and proper is it that it ought to be so, that it is
made part of the fundamental law of the State
of Oluo under our new constitution ; and I
believe the same thing is incorporated into
almost every State constitution that has been
adopted since that time, that laws shall not
take effect until a given time after their enact-
ment 
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask my
colleague 
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me first to finish the
sentence. Unless for reasons that require them
to take effect immediately and upon a two-
thirds vote of the Legislature, they are made
to take effect at once. Now I will hear the
question of my colleague.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague seems to
complain that the committee of conference, in
their report, did not propose to have this act
take effect at some future time. There was no
such provision as that either in the House bill
or the Senate bill; and I should like to know
what authority the committee of conference
would have had to report new matter of that
kind ?
Mr. THURMAN. I made no such complaint.
My colleague is entirely mistaken. What I was
doing was answering what was said by the Sen-
ator from Nevada, that we should pass this bill
immediately to operate upon every man in Vir-
ginia at the election the day after to-morrow.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will my friend allow
me to ask the honorable Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] a question?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the committee of
conference had no right to incorporate such
new matter as that in their report, what right
have they to incorporate several new sections
relating to new matter, as is stated by the Sen-
ator from New Jersey?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say in perfect can-
dor to the Senator from Delaware that I do
not think there is anything in the point made
by him in regard to this conference report, so
far as I understand parliamentary law. The
House passed one proposition. The Senate
struck the whole of it out and inserted another.
The conferees of the House accept our propo-
sition with amendments looking to the same
general object which is embraced in both bills:
that is to prevent frauds in elections; and
especially they accept our proposition as to
crimes committed at elections for members
of Congress, with certain rules in regard to
evidence. If Senators are really in earnest in
Urging this as an objection to the conference
report, I must say that I do not think there is
anything in that beyond the usual custom of
conferees upon a proposition of amendment
that reaches to the whole bill before the con-
ferees. Indeed I have known much greater
liberties taken by conferees without objection.
Mr. THURMAN. I have not spoken on
this question of order. All that I wish to say
about it is that if the committee coald incor-
porate as new a provision such as is incorporated
in this bill, a provision which reverses the whole
rules of evidence, and that makes it impossible,
as I shall presently show, for a man to avoid
conviction unless he gives up his right to a
secret ballot; if the committee could do that,
they could make the law take effect at a future
day.
Bat that is not the question I was discussing.
As I said, in all enlightened and humane legis-
lation, criminal laws are made to take effect at
a future day. So strong is this principle of
justice, so plain is it, that it is now incorporated
into almost every constitution formed in the
United States within the last fifteen years, that
no law shall take effect until a future day after
its passage, a time prescribed in the constitution
after its passage, unless for public reasons
requiring Us immediate passage, and upon a
vote of two thirds of each branch of the Gen-
eral Assembly it shall be made to take effect
at once. That is a principle of justice so plain
that no man can controvert it.
But the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Ed-
munds] was pleased to say that the right rem-
edy in such a case as this, and, as I understood
him, the practice in such cases was to allow a
man to be convicted under the law of which
he had no knowledge, and then pardon him.
I put it to my friend if he ever knew such a
case in the United States? I put it to him if
he ever knew a man to be convicted under a
law which took effect before he could have any
knowledge of it whatsoever, and then pardoned
by the Executive? I am an older man than
my friend from Vermont, and I never heard
of such a case in the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question right there?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask him if he ever heard
of a case in the United States where a man
was convicted of an offense against a statute
which it appeared he was ignorant of, on ac-
count of its recent passage, at the time he
committed the act?
Mr. THURMAN. Never, sir; never. The
sense of justice of every man, however de-
praved he might be, would revolt at such a
thing as that; and I never knew a man prose-
cuted under such circumstances.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then your friends are
not in danger.
Mr. THURMAN. Ah! do not talk about
my friends. The Senator's friends are quite as
likely to violate election laws as are my friends;
and I think if the history of this country was
gone into it would be found that they have
violated them quite as often, if not oftener.
But it will not do for the Senator to say that
nobody will be prosecuted. The gentleman
who has this bill in charge asks that it may be
passed in order that the people of Virginia may
be prosecuted for violating a law of which they
have eo knowledge.
Mr. STEWART. No, no.
Mr. THURMAN. That is what your argu-
ment was.
Mr. STEWART. Let me state it. This
bill has been pending for a long time. They
know very well what it is.
Mr. THURMAN. Who knows what it is?
Mr. STBWART. They know very well its
general provisions.
Mr. THURMAN. There are not five Sen-
ators on this floor who know what it is.
Mr. STEWART. They know very well its
general provisions. I think they know them
better in Virginia than Senators do, as they
have paid more attention to the subject. There
is no doubt about that. It has been published
in their newspapers. Let it be telegraphed
that this law has passed, and you will have no
criminal prosecutions. You will put them on
inquiry, so that they will not go to the polls
with a view to committing these offenses. Mark
the fact, that this is to apply at the election
there—not the registration; that has all passed
over; and whatever relates to elections in this
bill is a crime any way, committed anywhere.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator has stated
his proposition. Now, let us see how it is
practically. If both House* agree to this con-
ference committee report to-day, what then?
The bill has to be enrolled. Then it must
be signed by the Vice President and by the
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Then it must go to the President. The Con-
stitution supposes that the President will at
least take time to read it. The Constitution
does not suppose that the President will blindly
put his name to a bill, certainly not one of this
importance, certainly not one as novel as this,
upon the faith that he may repose in any body
or in any Congress whatsoever. The Constitu-
tion requires him to exercise his own judgment.
He must at least read the bill. When willyou
get the bill back, then ? When can you get it
back here, if the President performs his con-
stitutional duty and reads the bill, so as to
understand it V You cannot by any possibility
get it back here before this time to morrow ;
and then for the first time, at this time to-
morrow, would the bill become a law. Within
twelve hours after that, orsomething like that,
the polls are to be opened over, it is said, the
whole State of Virginia.
Now, the Senator says that if you do this it
will put the people of Virginia, two or three
hundred miles from here, 011 inquiry. Inquiry
about what? Inquiry about the bill that the
President has signed; and the President can-
not sign the bill and return it to Congress
before this time to-morrow if this bill should
go at railroad speed or even telegraphic speed
in its consummation into a law. What is the
use of talking, therefore, about it? It is simply
to be used as an instrument in terrorem. It is
merely to keep people from voting at all. It
i3 not to compel them to obey the law ; for
they cannot know what the law is. It is not
to prevent a violation of the law, for they can-
not know what the law is. It is simply to keep
people from voting at all, in fear that they may
be violating some law of which they know
nothing, and which broods over them like a
pestilence. That is the only effect it can have,
to keep people from voting. If it is intended
to keep people from voting, if it is intended to
keep away legal voters from the polls by hold-
ing over them in terrorem something, as I said,
that broods over them like a pestilence, then
you may pass the bill, and let it go over the
wires that Congress has passed a bill of pain3
and penalties, under which every officer will
discharge his duties in fear, because he does
not know what it is, and no voter can offer his
vote in Security, because he does not know that
he ia not incurring some penalty! If you want
to pass it as a bill, to keep people from the
polls the day after to-morrow, in Virginia, you
can pass it. But if you mean that it is a bill
to preserve the parity of elections the day after
to-morrow in Virginia, it can have no such
effect whatsbever.
But now we have the case of Oregon. Let
us look into that a moment. The Senator from
Oregon says that it is necessary to pass this bill
at once, in order that the people of Oregon ma^
know what it is before the election, which, if
I understood him correctly—and I hope he will
correct me if I misunderstood him—is to take
place on the 6th of next month. Well, sir, this
is the 24th day of May. This bill, sir, as I have
shown, if it is hurried through with the speed
of a war measure, cannot become a law until
to-morrow, the 25th. Then there will be six
days of this month left, and five days of next
month, before the election in Oregon, making
eleven days.
Now, I put it to the candor of my friend if
he expects that at every election precinct in
Oregon, a State as large as three or four of the
States east of the mountains, a State in which
the telegraph does not permeate every county,
a State in which many of the counties are prin-
cipally in the mountain districts, inhabited by
miners, with no telegraph, no speedy com-
munication of the mails, I ask him if he sup-
poses that the people of Oregon will be in-
formed in those eleven days of the provisions
of this bill, so that the judges of election can
know how to conduct themselves and the voters
can know how to conduct themselves accord-
ingly? The thing is simply impossible. It
will be more than a month before the mount-
aineers of Oregon will know of the passage
of this bill after it has passed. It will be more
