1870.
the congressional globe.
4701
new lino; and I am authorized to say that the
entire California delegation in thie Mouse ap-
prove this joint resolution. The good faith of
the Government, the public interests and con'
lenience, and the vested interests of the com:
pany unitedly'demand our concurrence in the
action of the Senate, upon which I ask the
previous question.
Mr. SARGENT. T ask the gentleman from
New York to yield to me.
Mr. WHEELER, Certainly,
Mr. SARGENT. The original resolution
was introduced by myself, on leave, and passed
without being referred to any committee. Jit
was intended to meet a, special, exigency,
arising in thiswise: the Southern Pacific ra.il>
road haii deviated from the line named in its
Qharter, and the Secretary of the Interior held
that this deviation was fatal t<? the grant and
issued an order restoring the lands that had
been withdrawn for the railroad. But the
lands restored had been sqbjeotto private entry
when withdrawn! and the restoration placed
them again in that condition. Applications
for purchase of these lands at private entry
were pending, and the settlers were certain to
lose their homes if the land was restored with-
out farther legislation, The private entry
speculators had already grabbed millions of
fertile acres in the valleys traversed by this
road, md the question was whether they Should
have the balance, or the one-million left. There
was but one means to prevent this, to get abill
through dedicating the public lands of Califor-
nia to homestead and preemption entry only.
To get time for that I introduced the original
resolution, which requested the Secretary of
the Interior to delay the restoration of these
lands until Congress could legislate further in
the matter. Such legislation has been had by
the House.
1 introduced and we unanimously passed a
bill to dedicate all the agricultural lands of
California to homestead and preemption pur-
poses. We passed that bill months ago, and
it has been left to sleep in the Senate. I
have personally urged and begged its passage
there without effect. What sinister influences
prevent this great measure of justice and pro-
tection for the settlers of my State, L know not.
It may be the carelessness or inexperience of
Senators ; it may be the impracticable rules of
the Senate; it may be lobby influence that
starts objections and difficulties. 1 know not
what is the impediment. 1 only know I have
exhausted my resources and patience in trying
to get it passed, and have failed. Meanwhile
the Legislature of California has passed a reso-
lution ratifying the route selected by the com-
pany and cuiing the defect which the Secre-
tary of the Interior pointed out. It is claimed
that this entitles the company to its grant in
law and equity. Whether that is so or not, it
is to my mind a clear ease of choice between
a grant to a railroad and a grab by specula
tors.
I ihink one of the chief curses of my State has
been the seizing of vast bodies of land by a few
individuals without any consideration, except
depreciated scrip or a low price per acre. By
this system they seize ruthlessly on the homes
of settlers where these preexist, and tbey
hold the lands for speculation and a rise, thus
retarding the prosperity of the State. These
men make no public improvements. They
have their fingers on the pulses of the State,
and repress lieahhv action. A conflict is now
impending in my district between the numer
ous settlers on the five-mile, reserve of the
Western Pacific railroad and the private-entry
speculators. By direction of the Commissioner
of the Land Office these lands are to be restored
on the 5ih of July. As before their withdrawal
they were open to private entry, any man who
first gets to the land office can buy the home
of any one else or the homes of a dozen of
others. To prevent this, and get a chance to
buy their homes, fathers of families will have
to stand all night at the doer of the local land
office to get in to buy their homes before a
speculator gets the fruit of their toil. Is not
this disgraceful ? Our laws are miserably defec-
tive wh§n suoh oppression can take place under
them.
Against such a system I prefer grants to
railroads; for the even sections at least are safe
to the settlers, and the interests of the com-
panies, the necessity of creating business for
their roads, will in some measure oorrect the
disposition to ho)d land for a rise. If the bill
which we passed had not slept in the Senate
this dilemma would not arise, and we might
examine the question disembarrassed from all
other considerations, whether the act of the
Legislature of my State cured the defect. in the
location of the route, and requires of us in
equity to concede the demands of the company.
I must say, that as a lawyer, I think there is
much in tnis view of the case; and the Senate
have deemed it conclusive. But to rescue the
remainder of the San Joaqain and Tulare val-
leys, where a single proprietor may now travel
all day long and not get off his own land, 1 will
vote for this bill.
Mr. WHEELER. As the gentleman from
California has stated, this corrected line is two
hundred and fifty miles shorter than the ori-
ginal line, and this joint resolution actually
saves over two million dollars' worth of public
lands to the Government. The California del-
egation in the House are united in its favor. It
is an old grant passed in 1863; and for the
purpose of ascertaining whether the Hofise
desires discussion on it or not, I will demand
the previous question on concurring in the
amendment, of the Senate.
Mr. POX. I understand that the House
joint resolution is different from the amend-
ment of the Senate, and I therefore ask that
the original joint resolution be read for the
information of the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
Joint resolution in re.gard to tho susnensdoii of tho
sale of eorUi/iti lands in California.
Whereas it is represented that one million acres
of tVitilo lands in the State of California, formerly
pesorved for the Southern-Pacific railroad, and re-
cently restored by the Secretary of the Interior, hy
an order to take effect after thirty days' notice, will
be immediately entered by speculators at. private
entry, to the exclusion of settlers, unless farther
legislation is had: Therefore,
JjC it reiolved by the Senate und floute of Jlepre.icnt-
atwesofthe United States of Aincrici in Congreisosieor-
bled, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to suspend the execution of his said order until tho
sabjectcan be considered byfhb Congress.
Mr. WOOD. I now call for the reading of
the Senate amendments.
The Senate amendments were again read.
'The question was on seconding tho demand
for the previous question.
The question was put; and there were, on
a division—ayps G7, noes 49.
Mr. AUNELL demanded tellers,
Tellers were ordered ; mid Mr. WmJEr.mi
and Mr. Jujjajt were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes eighty-nine, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, which
was on concurring in the Senate amendments.
Mr. 3 ULIAN. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
I'he question was put on the motion to
adjourn; and there were—ayes 3-1, noes 88.
Mr. FOX demanded tellers on the motion
to adjourn.
Tellers were not ordered.
Sir. FOX demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
On ordering the jims and nays there were—
ayes twenty: not. a sufficient number.
So the year and nays were not ordered; and
the motion to adjourn v--o.n not agreed to.
The question recurred on concurrence in the
Senate amendments to the joint resolution m
regard to the suspension of the salaot certain
lands in California; on which the yeas and
nays had been ordered. . .
The question was takenand it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 72;notVQting
64; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Armstrong, Asner,
Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Batiks, parry, Sea-
man, Bennett, Bhigh am. Blair, Boles. Booker, Boyd,
Uoorge M. brooks, liaok, Bncldey, Buffintqp, Bur-
dett, Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke,
Clinton L. Cobb, Conger,- Covode, Cowles, Dawes,
Ihxon, Dookery, Dyer, I'arnswortk, Forriss, Fisher,
It itch, (xiltillan,lja.ys, Hoar, Hooper, Jenckes, John-
son, Kelley, Kellopts, Ifelsoy, Ketcham.Kuapp, Laf-,
lm, Lash, Logan, Marshall. MoCra.ry, McICee, Mo-
Kenzie, Jqsso II. Moore, William Mooro, Morpliis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Ifeley, O'Neill, Palmer,
leek, lerco, Peters, l'helps, Piatt, Poljuid, Porne-
roy, 1 ortor, Prosser, Rogers, Boots, Sonford, Saw-
yer, Liopel A. Sheldon, Porter Shoklon, Skpbor,
Joseph >S. Smith, \V iiiiam J. tSmith, William Smyth,
Stokes, Stoughton, %ickln.iid.Taffe.Trimble.Twich-
oll.Van Uoni, V an Wyck, Wallace,William B.Wash-
burn, Wheeler, Wilkinson, and Bugeno M, >Vil-
&on—91.
NAVS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arnell, Bcatlv,
Benjamin,Bird, Bureinird. Benjamin F. Butler,Cal-
kin, Cessna, Amasa Cobb, Cobum, Cook. Cox, Crobs,
Callow, IJ.'lvi.-', Dickey, Dickinson, Donley, Eld-
ridge, Jrorry, imkelnburg, I'Vtx, G-etz. {latent, Hal-
doiinm, 11 ale, lliunbleton, Hawkins, Hay,Thomas 1.
Junes, Judd, Julian, Lawrence, Lewis, Mayharn,
jUaynard, McCormick, McUrew, MoNeeJy, Morgan,
Jiomssey, Mungen, Orth, Packard, Paine, Potter.
Kandatl, Itccvos, Kice, Seofield, Shanks, Sherrod,
Slocum, John A. timid), Stiles. Bwann, Sweeney,
tanner, Taylor. Tyner, Upson, Van Aukon, Ward,
Walker, Wells, Whitmore, Williams, Winans, Win-
oheste.r, find Wood—72.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Barnum, Book,
Benton. Biggs, Bowen. James Broolss^Burr, Roder-
ick It. Butler. Cake, Cleveland, Conner, Degcner,
Dox, Duval, Jtlhi, (Jartiold, Uibsnn, Criisv/old,ilam-
ill, Hamilton, Harris, Hawlcy, tloaton, IleUin, Hill,
Hogc, llolnia.n, Ilotehkiss, lngersoll, Alexander II.
.Times, Kerr, Knott, Loughridge, lynch, McCarthy,
JWercnr, Milnes, Kliakini il. tViooi-o, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Ncwsham, Niblack. Packer, fiidsway, Sargent.
Schenck, Sehumakcr, Worthington C. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, &>tone, Strader. Strong,
Tillman, Towuhcnd, Van Trump, Voorhees, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Willard, John T. Wilson,
Witchor, and Woodward—Of.
So the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr, WHEELER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CJIAULKS COOPEH, ETC.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (II. R. No. 1395) for the relief of
Charles Cooper, Goshoni A. Jones, Jerome
Hawley, William ILmncgan, and John Hanne-
gati, with Senate amend tqeufs.
On motion of Jl;\ WASHBURN, ot Massa-
chusetts, the bill and amendments were referred
to tho Committee of Claims.
IMItOiJ.Zil) BILLS Slfixro.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examinsd and found truly enrolled a bill
and a joint resolution of the following titles ;
when tho Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 9DJ to pay loyal citizens in
the States lately in rebellion for ,services in
takinei the United Slates census of ISoO; and
A joint resolution (S. IL No, 101) for tho
relief of Lewis P. Smith.
APPOimOXMKNT or TtliPU'.'KPNTATIVES.
The next business on tiie Speaker's table
was tho hill (II. Ji. No. 182J) to provide for
the apportionment, of Representatives to Con-
gress u'nong the several Slates, with Semite
amendments.
The *tn e})i!metiL4 of (ho Senate wviO read.
Otf follows:
Paso 1 line throe, strike on*" "1'vo hmi/L'od and
scvenry-tivc " and insert " throe bundie'l.*'
Page J. Irie nine, sti ke out "u?n hundred and
scventy-ii\ c '' and inc^n, " three hundred."
P.i'iel, i-trlke out. nil affci line nino down to aud
ineladirsr cue woid " iimit.cd," in line esghrccn.
Paji'o 3. line nmuleon, after " liii-reusyd "
" or dujuois'hod "
Pa'-te ]. line n nf!er " S'.ui c" hi^e; t, " > o
iucr'M'H'd, ami ai> luc Ilejio euLritu'es oi <xji>
M. dinuitK-ntd."
P.«frel, hue riventv-fcwos."-irikoout all after
to the end oi tcolioo one. on paso 2, and insert " un •
less otherwise provided by suoh ftcdtc,"
