1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1869
the nature of that resolution; and it provides,
in effect, that whatever may happen in the coun-
try, greenbacks shall not depreciate in value
less than the value of a four per cent, bond in
the money market, and so everybody can be
assured that the minimum value of greenbacks
is fixed, and that they never can or will be
worth hss than a four per cent, bond in the
money market.
Is there not something gained by this pro-
vision? Will not that have the effect not only
to appreciate but to steady the value of green-
backs in case any contingency should arise to
produce a convulsion in the monetary affairs
of the country? Is it not our true policy, while
we are attempting to resume specie payments,
to give as much value as possible to these green-
backs, to show to the country that we have
confidence that if they are not worth their
equivalent in gold at any rate they are worth
a four per cent, bond? It is this expression of
confidence on the part of Congress that conveys
assurances of success to the country; and it is
this mutual confidence on the part of Congress
and on the part of the people in the apprecia-
tion of the greenback notes that will bring us
to specie payments. But just so long as we1
say here in Congress that we do not believe
these greenbacks are worth as much as a four
per cent, bond it will be in vain for us to expect
a resumption of specie payments.
Now, look at the position taken by the Sen-
ator from Indiana. He wants the country to
resume specie payments, and he expects that
the country very soon will resume specie pay-
ments, when a man can take $100 in greenbacks
and go to the Treasury and receive for it $100
in gold. And yet he argues that now that man
with his $100 in greenbacks ought not to be
permitted to go to the Treasury and demand
for it a $100 four per cent. bond. I would ask,
what prospect is therein this country of resum-
ing specie payments, what prospect is there
that the holders of greenbacks can get dollar
in dollar fromtheTreasury of the United States,
when we will not agree that they are worth a
four per cent, bond, or that the holder of them
can fund them in a bond of that description ?
I do not see that this amounts to a contrac-
tion of the currency even if any of the green-
backs should float into these four per cent,
bonds. Is there any provision here that these
greenbacks when paia into the Treasury shall
be canceled or destroyed? No provision is
contained in this bill that they shall be put out
of existence. But I say that the Secretary of
the Treasury, exercising the same power that
he has exercised for the last year, can take the
proceeds of these four per cent, bonds and pur-
chase other bonds at a higher rate of interest,
and so the same amount of money continues
in circulation in the country.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator a
question. I inquired of the Senator from Ohio
just now, on that very point, where the author-
ity is for the Secretary to do that thing. The
Senator from Ohio thought it was doubtful
whether he had the authority. The Senator
from Oregon now avers that he has that au-
thority. I wish that he would point it out.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not examined the
revenue, loan, and currency laws off the coun-
try with the view of finding that authority;
but I say that the Secretary has exercised it,
and the authority for it, so far as I know, has
never been questioned; and if he has the power
at this time to purchase these bonds he will
continue to have that power, and I think it
is rather late in the day, after the Secretary of
the Treasury has extinguished about one hun-
dred million dollars of our public debt in that
way, to undertake to say now that.he had no
authority to purchase bonds and extinguish our
debt. I presume that the law does confer upon
him that authority. I doubt not that the
authority can be found upon an examination
of the law. I am sure that the Secretary of the
Treasury would not undertake to exercise that
authority unless it was found in the law.
Mr. HOWE. That I may know just what
the difference between the Senator from Ore-
gon and myself is, I want to explain that I do
not doubt but what the Secretary has that au-
thority under the act of 1866. But the Senator
from Ohio says that that act is obsolete, that it
is no longer in force ; and as I understand the
Secretary of the Treasury thinks that that act
is not obsolete I want the doctors to agree on
something. If the act of 1866 is in force that
gives this authority; but that is so "atrocious"
that the Senator from Ohio will agree to repeal
it. If it is not in force, then I want to know
where the authority is.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to call the Senator's
attention to the practical fact that if that act
does authorize it, it only authorizes the surplus
revenue to be used in that way. Here is a
proposition to bring in greenbacks by selling
bonds.
Mr. HOWE. I am not so sure of that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know that I am
any more bound by what the Senator from Ohio
says than any other Senator, although I have
great confidence in the expression of his opin-
ions ; and if the Senator from Wisconsin ex-
pects to see any two Senators agree about
this bill or anything in it I think he is looking
for something that will not happen very soon,
[laughter,] for I must confess that I have not
discovered anything of that kind.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will allow me to
protest against being suspected of harboring
any such expectation as that; but I thought I
had the right to inquire, respectfully, just how
far these two Senators, being prominent mem-
bers of the Finance Committee, did disagree.
I do not insist on their agreeing at all; but
whereas one Senator says a law does not exist
and the other says it does, I thought it would
not be any trouble for the one affirming the
existence of the law to point it out.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not examined the
law. It is not improbable that I might agree
with the Senator from Wisconsin, or I might
possibly agree with the Senator from Ohio. _ I
have not examined the law particularly with
reference to this question no w before the Senate,
and therefore I am not prepared to give an
opinion on it. But I assume that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury can employ these green-
backs for the purpose of purchasing the bonds
; of the United States, because he ha  without
question, so far as I know, anywhere even in
the Opposition newspapers of this country, ex-
ercised that power for the last year. It was
upon that ground that I assumed that the power
might be exercised, and so it would be no con-
traction.
I say, Mr. President, there is no danger ior
two reasons. One is that I do not apprehend
or expect, and I think all the Senators or nearly
all agree with me, that any considerable amount
of greenbacks will float into these four per cent,
bonds. But the enactment of this law amounts
to an expression of our opinion at this time that
we believe they are worth that at any rate; and
we help to impart to them credit before the
world in this way, build them up, give them
support, express our confidence in them ; and
that is the way we are to reach specie payments.
I do not expect or believe that we are to reacu
specie payments by having as many gold dollars
as we have paper dollars in circulation; but the
way we shall reach specie payments is through
the confidence that grows up in the country,
which confidence must be created by the action
of Congress as well as by the developments ot
business, that this nation is amply able at all
| times to meet its obligations. Whenever that
' confidence is prtidueed in the country the work
' of resuming Specie payments is accomplished
| without any particular reference to the amonnt
of gold in the country. I say there is no great
| danger again, because these greenbacks are not
- to be canceled or destroyed; they are to re-
! main in existence; they will laevitably nnd
I their way into circulation from the lreasury
I Department, and so the volume of the Currency
will not be reduced. The only practical effect
that I can see of this provision in this bill will
be to assure the country that we have confi-
dence in the growing value of the greenbacks
to show that we are ready to honor them as
the obligations of the Government.
Sir, so long as these greenbacks are in cir-
culation and we refuse to provide for their
payment and for converting them into bonds
we are guilty of practical repudiation. Here
a man has $100,000 in greenbacks. He calls
for pay. Payment is refused. He asks for
an obligation upon which interest will accrue
to him for these promises of the Government
which the Government refuses to pay ; and the
Government says, "I will give you no such
obligation ; I will neither pay you the money
upon these promises nor will I give a bond
which is drawing interest;" and so the Gov-
ernment stands in the attitude of repudiating
its own promises and depreciating their value
in that way before the country and the world.
I think this provision in tho bill will not pro-
duce any evil consequences in the country, but
that it will be a step toward the resumption
of specie payments—an event which we all
desire to see accomplished ; and I think that
Congress should now strain every nerve to ac-
complish it. As we are in the midst, let us
cross over on the other side and complete the
work ; and whenever it is accomplished there
are millions upon millions of coin in this coun-
try now hoarded up that will be developed and
pass into the circulation of the country ; the
crisis will be passed, and money will flow out
to relieve the wants of the people in the West
and in the East and in the South and in every
part of the country. On that ground I should
be very sorry to see Congress take a retrograde
step in reference to this matter, and see it strike
out this provision where the question is dis-
j tinctly presented, and declare that it does not
; now, notwithstanding that greenbacks in the
New York money marketare worth ninety cents
I in gold, or something like it, believe them to
I be worth as much as a four per cent. bond.
]! Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, if any argu-
ti ment further was necessary to show the impro-
1 priety of this provision it is the defense that
has been made of it. The Senator from Ohio,
and to some extent the Senator from Oregon,
have argued in a circle. The Senator from
Ohio first argues that these greenbacks must
be got out of the way, and that we ought to
provide for them; admits that they are to be
canceled. He then meets the objection by
urging that they are not to be canceled under
this provision, but may be put into circulation
again. If one argument is good the other is
not. Why do they not take some position on
it ? The Senator from Oregon says theyare
not to be canceled, but are to be paid ootagain.
Now, I want to call the attention Of the Senat©
to that proposition, for I it is the worst
one that has been nwd#* .'
The propositioB'Tiow is, according to the
Senator ftem-Oregon, that we shall borrow
money, iwtfe our bonds, and pay that money
out again in the current expenses of the Gov-
ernment, or in buying up the five-twenty bonds
at a premium. . .
I say that cannot be done. That is in direct
conflict with the provision which-says that the
aggregate debt shall not be increased. But
suppose it can be increased; suppose you strike
out the proviso; suppose we take up $100,000
in greenbacks to-day and issue four per cent,
bonds for them; we pay out the greenbacks
to-morrow and on the third day they come
back, and we fund them again and then they
are paid out again. Now, for this $100,000
of greenbacks we have created $200,000 of
bonds, and we still owe for the greenbacks.
That is the proposition, and that operation can
be carried on indefinitely. The Treasury a to
receive the greenbacks, issue bonds, pay out the
greenbacks again, receive them again, and issue
new bonds, and then pay them out again.. 1 hat
is what thismeans. The gentlemen do injustice
