1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
matter of facts and figures, and nothing else.
I can conceive that there might be frauds and
errors in the returns; and I can understand
that Congress, when it meets, will take meas-
ures for correcting these, as it has already
by repeated acts of legislation corrected other
errors and frauds. It is no argument against
the proposition that an error may creep into
the census returns.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Willard]
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoak] say that there are some constitutional
provisions which we propose to infringe upon,
and that we are delegating dangerous powers
when we give to the Secretary of the Interior
the right to say, as one of tlie gentlemen put
it, what should be the number of members on
this floor. That is not the proposition of the
bill. We determine it at this time; we de-
termine it for ourselves, and he has no discre-
tion in reference to it. Let us see how this
matter stands. The Constitution says "Repre-
sentatives shall be apportioned." That is the
language of the Constitution. What is an ap-
portionment? First, you must have a repre-
sentative population ; second, you must know
the number of that population ; third) you are
bound to know the number of the representa-
tive body; and fourth, you are to divide that
number among the several States according to
the ratio produced by that number. All these
things are to be done. And can it be said
here to this House that we are delegating legis-
lative power to the enumerators because we
tell them to return us the number of people
entitled to vote under the schedules of the cen-
sus bill? Why, it seems to me the mere state-
ment of the proposition is an answer to it.
Mr. WARD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois a question. If it shall appear that
there have been frauds in any locality in taking
the census will the Secretary of the Interior
have power to order a new census ?
Mr. JUDD. Not at all.
Mr. WARD. Congress will.
Mr. JUDD. Congress will; and that power
is a continuing power up to any time when
Congress chooses to exercise it. It can be
exercised on the 5th day of January next just
as well as on the 30th of September next, if
Congress should be then in session. There is
HO trouble in correcting any frauds or wrong
or mistakes.
I say, then, that the Constitution in saying
that "Representatives shall be apportioned"
did not say that that apportionment should
consist in enumerating the inhabitants or that
it should consist in dividing the number of
members among the States, but it covers all of
the elements that enter into an apportionment.
And when we give the Secretary of the Interior
the power and the right to add,^ subtract, and
divide we give him no more legislative power
than we give the enumerators who are to return
the total population; and if gentlemen argue
here that the delegation of these powers to the
Secretary of the Interior is a delegation of
legislative powers it is equally a delegation of
legislative powers to the enumerators to allow
them to take the total number of inhabitants
and of those who are excluded from partici-
pating in representation by reason of crime or
otherwise. I will not consume any more of
the time of the House upon this question, and
I hope the vote will now be taken on the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. COX. Before the gentleman from Illi-
nois takes his seat I would say that there are
a number of gentlemen upon this side of the
House who desire to know the precise position
of the question.
Mr. JUDD. This bill was introduced ami
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and a motion to reconsider
was entered. Upon that motion all this gen-
eral debate has been had. if the vote shall
be reconsidered the bill will come before the
House for amendment. This bill was intro-
duced as a basis for legislation, and will be
subject when it shall be before the House to
such amendments in reference to the number
of the House of Representatives or any other
point as the House shall see fit.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. COX. I would like to understand the
effect of the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofielu.] If I under-
stand it, it will leave the bill where it now is,
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. There we can act on the bill with
more deliberation than the House has yet given
to the subject, and with that view I shall vote
for the motion to lay on the table.
The question was then taken upon laying
on the table the motion to reconsider; and upon
a division there were—ayes 78, noes 48.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. JUDD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays G-t,
not voting 42; as follows :
YE AS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Armstrong, Bailey.
Banks,>Beaman, Beck,Benton, Bird, Blair,George M.
Brooks, James Brooks, Buflm ton, Cake, Calkin, Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Coivles, Oox, Dawes, Deweese, Dickey,
Dickinson, Dixon, Dox, EMridgn, Eerriss, Fisher,
Fitch, Garfield, Getz, Gilfillan, Golladay, If night,
Haldeman, Hale, llambleton, Jlaiuill, Hawkins,
liefiin, Hill, Hoar, Jfolman, Hooper, Jenckes, Kel-
ley, Keisey, Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp, Lafiin, Lash,
Lawrence, Lynch, Mayliam, McCarthy. McCormick,
McGreiv, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel
P. Morrill, Mungen, Myers, Negley, Nib lack, O'Neill,
Packer, Peters, Poland, Potter, Randall, Beading,
Reeves, Rogers, Sanford, Schenck, Schumaker,
Scofiold, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Sloeum, John A.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Swann, Tanner, Tillman,
Townsend, Twichell, Van Aukcn, Voorhces, Ward,
William 13. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Willard,
John T. Wilson, Winans, "Winchester, Wood, and
Woodward—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnell, Asper, Axtell, Leatty,
Boles, Bowcn. Boyd, Buckley. Burcliard, Burdett,
Burr, Roderick II. Butler, Clarke, Amasa Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Conger, Crebs, Culloiii, Dyer, rVrns-
wortii,Ferry,Finkelnbur?, Hamilton, Ilawley, Hay,
Heaton, Ingersoli, Johnson, Judd, Julian, Logan,
Loughridge, Marshall, Maynard, McCrary, MeNeely,
Mercur, Etiakim II. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Packard,
Paine, Palmer, Phelps, Pomeroy, Rico, Roots, Sar-
Wasliburn, Weils, Williams, and Eugene M. Wil-
son—0-1. , , ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Archer,
Barnum, Benjamin, Bennett, Bicss, Jiinphara, Buck,
Benjamin J?. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Cleveland,
Davis, Dockery, Donley. Duval, Eln., Fox, Greene,
G-riswold, Hays, Hoag, Hoge, Hotehkiss, Alexander
11. Jones,Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg, Knott,, Morgan,
Morris^ey, Orth, Prosser, William J. Smith,bteven-
son, Stokes, Strader, Strickland, Van Trump, V'v hit-
temore, Wilkinson, and Wifceher—-12.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was referred to the Committee
of the Whole was laid on the table.
INDEMNITY FB0M JAPAN.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
netoleed. That the Secretary of State be requested
to inform this 11 onse whether thesuni ot_SG0i),000 in
gold, paid the United States as indemnity lor^ ag-
gressions upon our commerce, pursuant to the stipu-
lations of the treaty with Japan of the 2Jd of October,
InVI, has been covered into the Treasury, and if not,
to report what disposition lias been made of the
same, in charge of what Department it remains, or
if invested in Government securities, to what use or
purpose the interest thereon has been applied.
HALLS OF SENATE AND HOUSE.
Mr. GETZ, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, with a recommendation that the
samebe concurred in by the House, the follow-
ing concurrent resolution of the Senate :
jlfmlncl. (the House of Representatives concur-
ring.) Thar a joints-elect committee be appointed, to
consi -t of three members ot the Senate and three lnem-
I beisof the House of Representatives, to examine into
toe present condition of the Senate Chamber and ol
the Uali of the House of Representatives as regards
lighting,hen Ling, and ventilation, and their acoustic
properties, and the defects and disadvantages exist-
ing in the same, and the cost, and the host method of
providing remedies therefor: and that they have
leave to report by bill or otherwise.
The question was^ upon concurring in the
resolution of the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to inquire what
has become of the various committees on ven-
tilation we have heretofore appointed from time
to time.
Mr. DAWES. They have expired with the
Congresses that appointed them.
Mr. SCHENCK. Has any report ever been
made by any of them ? I desire to make that
inquiry now in connection with this resolution,
so that if it is passed it will be passed with the
understanding that the committee to be ap-
pointed under it shall make a report at some
time between now and eternity. Every effort
in that direction heretofore has been a failure.
Mr. GBTZ. The committee formerly ap-
pointed expired with the last Congress. That
committee made a report previous to the ad-
journment of Congress, but no action was
taken upon it.
Mr. SCHENCK. No action ?
Mr. GETZ. No, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. Cannot the material then
obtained be used now in some way for imme-
diate action?
Mr. GETZ. This resolution was passed by
the Senate last spring, and has not come be-
fore the House for consideration till now. -
Mr. SCHENCK. My object is accomplished
when I call the attention of the House to the
fact that we have had this subject before us
time and time again fort-he last five or six years,
and no effort wo have yet made has ever re-
sulted in any positive action. I hope this will
be more fortunate than our former efforts.
Mr. DAWES. While I am heartily in accord
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Get?.] in regard to this matter, I would like
to suggest to him that the report on this sub-
ject will be very defective unless it shall com-
municate to the House some information as to
the expenditure necessary to carry out such
recommendations as maybe made. I was once
a member of a committee on ventilation, and
I have some idea about the expenditure; but
I think it would be best that the resolution
should instruct the committee to report upon
this branch of the question.
Mr. GETZ. Why, Mr. Speaker, that will
certainly be done. I do not expect, and in-
deed do not desire, to be placed upon this joint
committee; but I think the report will beyond
all question embrace that view of the subject.
Mr. DAWES. With the gentleman's con-
sent, I would like to move an amendment, to
add to the resolution the words, "and shall
report also upon the probable cost thereof."
Mr. GETZ. I have no objection to that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether he
has anv objection to amending this resolution
in such a way as to direct the committee to
inquire into the propriety of abandoning this
Hall altogether and resuming the occupancy
of the old one for the meeting of the House?
I consider this Hall the most skillfully contrived
human slaughter-hou.fe that has ever come
within my knowledge. After continuing dur-
ing five years the attempt to have this question
thoroughly examined by a committee we have
never yet, I believe, had a report recommend-
ing anything to be done ; at least no action
has ever been taken on any such recommenda-
tion.
Mr. OF/PZ. There was a very elabor-
ate report presented to the House near the
adjournment of the last Congress, but it was
not acted on. ■ '
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I am probably
the only member of this House who sat in the
old Hall, which is now used as a passage-way
from the Rotunda to this room. I beg to say
that that old Hall, with all its deieets, was
very far superior in point of ventilation as well
as acoustic properties, to the room we now
occupy. I do think that this Congress should
