558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
immediately and seriously go to work to accom-
plish the reforms required in the construction
of the Halls now occupied by the Senate and
the House. I hope, therefore, that this reso-
lution of the Senate will not be loaded d®wn
■with so many amendments that it may never
reach the House again. I think we had bet-
ter pass a resolution in the form in which it
has come from the Senate. The committee
can then act at once and report some remedy
for the evils under which we now suffer.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
that I have made my suggestion in entire good
faith. I would vote any day in favor of a
proposition that this House, as soon as the
necessary arrangements can be made, shall
hold its sessions in the old Hall. I believe it
a better hall than this. -There are compara-
tively few members of this House who can
speak here so as to be heard without breaking
down after a very short term of service.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let me tell
the gentleman that the old Hall is worse to be
heard in than this.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. "Venerable
men! you have come down to us from a former
generation," [laughter;] and if you suffered in
your youth as we suffer in ours I reach out my
hand to you in sympathy.
Mr. GETZ. If the suggestionof thegentle-
man from Ohio is offered in the form of an
amendment I think it is out of order. The
House would have power to arrange that mat-
ter without the action of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The only amendment
pending is that of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] to add to the resolution
the words "and shall report also upon the
probable cost thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. GETZ moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
officers 01? tiie army.
Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. il. No. 863) to reduce the
number of commissioned officers in the Army,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
brooklyn rOST office building,, etc.
Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (IL R. No. 8(H) to provide
for the erection of a building in the city of
Brooklyn, to be used as a post office, United
States court-house, and as ofiices for revenue
officials; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
removal of brooklyn navy-yard.
Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent., also
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 8u5) to provide
for the removal of the Brooklyn navy-yard ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment House bill No.
801, making appropriation to defray the ex-
penses of the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency, incurred in pursuance of investigations
ordered by the House of Representatives.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BE ATT Y, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 238) relating to retired
officers of the Army; and
An act (IT. R. No. 790) repealmgso much of
the act of August 8, 1846, as declared the Des
Moines river in the then Territory of Iowa, a
public highway.
MATE 03? ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted, by unanimous
consent, to Mr. Hays, for thirty days, and to
Mr. Churchill and Mr. Davis for ten days.
laws of arizona.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 866)
to confirm and amend certain laws of the I er-
ritory of Arizona: which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
,T. MILLER SIIINN.
Mr. HAIGrHT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 867) for the relief of
J. Miller Shinn; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
abolition of the freedmen's bureau.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent that the bill introduced by me several
days ago for the abolition of the Freedmen s
Bureau, and which was referred to tho Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, be ordered to
be printed.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
And then, on motion of Mr. RANDALL, (at
four o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, aud referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: A petition of citizens
of Dublin, Harford county, Maryland, praying
for the repeal of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition for the same purpose from
citizens of Pylesville, Maryland.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The remonstrance of
E. B. Ward and others, of Detroit, Michigan,
owners of American vessels, against free trade
in vessels.
Also, the petition of J. K. Boies and others,
of Hudson, Lenawee county, Michigan, pray-
ing that pensions may be allowed the veterans
of the war of 1812.
Also, the petition of Albert Chandler and
others, of Branch county, Michigan, to the
same effect.
Also, the petition of 0. L. Spalding and
others, asking relief for General Robert An-
derson.
By Mr. BECK : The petition and accompa-
nying papers of Thomas Curry, of New Orleans,
praying for pensions for himself and the other
survivors of the war of 1812.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of R. Waldo Emerson and 42 others,
citizens of Concord, Massachusetts, praying for
the abolition of tho franking privilege.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of the widow of James Foote, for a
pension.
I3y Mr. COBB, of North Carolina: The peti-
tion of W. R. Fraley, of Rowan county, North
Carolina, asking relief of his political disa-
bility. „ . .
By Mr. CREBS: A petition of lo3 citizens
of Equality, Gallatin county, Illinois, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: The petition
of Mrs. Susan B. White, widow of Dr. Benja-
min F. White, late of Prairie du Chien, Wiscon-
sin, for a pension.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Captain
Thomas W. Kirby, Captain Henry S. Chubb,
.Tames A. Rice, and 88 others, of Grand Haven,
Michigan, protesting against allowing foreign-
built ships American registers, and praying for
a reduction of tax on shipbuilding material.
By Mr. GETZ: A petition of 02 citizens
of Lenliartsville, Berks county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of tho franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. HAIGHT: Several petitions from
citizens of the State of New Jersey, asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HOAR: The petitions of J. W.
Bobbins and others, of Uxbridge, Massachu-
setts ; William Beecher and others, of South-
bridge, Massachusetts; 8 nd Tourtcllott©
and others, West Medway, Massachusetts, all
for abolition of franking privilege. '
By Mr HOOPER, of Massachusetts: the
petition of William Schouler & Co., of Boston,
Massachusetts, concerning claim agents and
PeAlso° the petition of Silvanus Smith and 157
others, artisans, ship-builders,-and citizens of
the United States, praying Congress to remove
the duties on ship-building material.
Also, the petition of Ann McCarthy, of Bos-
ton, for authority to collecta bounty certificate
issued to her deceased father.
Also, the petition of Nicholson & Co., and
CO others, citizens of the United States and
ship owners, praying Congress to_ remove all
taxation on ship-building and sailing interest.
By Mr. JOHNSON: A memorial of the
Legislature of the State of California concern-
ing public lands.
By Mr. KELSEY : A petition of the man-
agers of the Industrial School of the District
of Columbia, for relief.
By Mr. KNAPP: A petition of 94 inhabit-
ants of East Worcester, Otsego county, New
York, for the abolition of the franking pnv-
ilege. . . -
Also, a petition of 170 inhabitants of West*,
on, Delaware county, New York, for the same.
By Mr. LYNCH : The petition of Edward
Hasty, postmaster at West Gorham, and other
citizens of Maine, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Franklin Leavitt, post-
master, and other citizens of Hollis, Maine,
asking the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of the
EastTennessee, Virginiaand Georgia Railroad
Company, asking for legislation for the pur-
pose of effecting a just and equitable settle-
ment of its accounts with the United States.
By Mr. McGREW: The petition of Jacob
Fream and 24 others, citizens of West Vir-
ginia, asking for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. McNEELY: The petition of G. W.
Howson and others, citizens of McDonough
county, Illinois, asking the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. PACKARD : A petition of citizens
of Kingsbury, Indiana, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. READING : A petition of 53 citi-
zens of Plumsteadville, Backs county, Penn-
sylvania, asking for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. REEVES: A petition of citizens of
Mount Sinai, Suffolk county, New York, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of N. L.
Harris, of Columbia county, Arkansas, for
removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. SARGENT: The memorial of the
Sacramento Medical Society, for medical im-
provements.
By Mr. SCHENClv: The petition of Frank
Sherwood and 78 others, citizens of Oregon,
Warren county, Ohio, praying Congress to
abolish tho franking privilege.
By Mr. SPINK: A petition for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. STILES: The memorial of William
Umstead and40others, citizens of Montgomery
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of Franklin Smith and 40
others, of Huntingdon valley. Pennsylvania.
Also, the memorial of George H. Baker and
50 others.
Also, the memorial of William W.Richards
and 33 others, of Port Kennedy. Pennsylvania.
By Mr. STOUCHTON: The petition of
Charles A. Fulet and many others, citizens of
I Rabbit river. Michigan, asking for the aboli-
" tion of the franking privilege.
