4702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
Pago 2, line three, after the word " tha!/' insert
"immediately."
Page2, lineflve, strike out "15th" and insert "20th."
Pago 2, line six, strike out "August" and insert
"September."
Page 2, line nineteen, strike out "two hundred and
seventy-five" and insert "three hundred."
Page 2, line twenty-seven, and page 3, line one,
strike out "two hundred and seventy-live" and in-
sert "throe hundred."
Page 3, line three, strike out all aftor the word
"shall" down to and including "seventy," and in-
sert " on the receipt ofsuch preliminary report imme-
diately."
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that the bill shall
be read as it was passed by the Senate. It is
impossible to understand the amendments from
hearing them read in that way.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to.make a motion,
and then I shall have no objection to the read-
ing of the bill. I move that the amendments
of the Senate be concurred in, and on that
motion I ask the previous question. I have
no objection now to the reading of the bill.
The bill, as proposed to be amended by the
Senate, was then read. The first section pro-
vides that from and after March, 1871, the
House of Representatives shall consist of three
hundred members, to be apportioned among
the several States in accordance with the pro-
visions of this act; provided that if after such
apportionment shall have been made, any new
State shall be admitted into the Union, the
Representative or Representatives of such new
State shall be additional to the number of three
hundred; and if the representation of any
State shall be increased or diminished by such
apportionment, any additional Representative
or Representatives of such States so increased
and all the Representatives of any State so
diminished in the Forty-Second Congress shall
be chosen by the States at large, unless other-
wise provided for by such States.
The second section provides thatimmediately
after the next enumeration of the inhabitants
of the United States shall have been completed,
according to law, and before the 20th day of
September, 1870, the Superintendent of the
Census shall prepare and submit to the Secre-
tary of the Interior a preliminary report of the
result of such enumeration with such statistics
as shall be necessary to enable the Secretary
of the Interior to perform the duties prescribed
in this act.
The third section provides that after the pre-
liminary report shall have been submitted to
the Secretary of the Interior he shall ascer-
tain from such preliminary report the basis of
representation of each State and the aggregate
basis of representation of the United States,
and ho shall ascertain the basis of represent-
ation in the several congressional districts by
dividing the aggregate basis of representa-
tion of the United States by the number three
hundred, rejecting any fractions which may
remain; and he shall ascertain the number of
Representatives to be apportioned to each State
by dividing the basis of representation of such
State by the basis of representation of the sev-
eral congressional districts, rejecting any frac-
tions which may remain ; and he shall appor-
tion so many additional Representatives to the
States having the largest rejected fractions,
one to each, as shall make the whole number
of Represenlatives three hundred.
The fourth section provides that the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall, on receipt of such
preliminary report, immediately prepare and
transmit under the seal of his office, to the
Speaker of the House of Representatives and
to the Governor of each State a certified state-
ment of his proceedings under the provisions
of this act.
The fifth section repeals all acts and parts
of acts in conflict with the provisions of this
act.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to lay the bill and
amendments on the table ; and on that motion
JL call for the veas and nays.
_ Mr. BENJAMIN. J desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. It is whether the motion
to concur in the amendments of the Senate is
divisible, whether we are entitled to a separate
vote on the amendments 1
The SPEAKER. A single amendment of
the Senate is not divisi ble. When the question
is reached the Chair will examine whether they
are separate amendments; but an amendment
of the Senate is not susceptible of division by
a rule of the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand that there
are various amendments.
The SPEAKER. That question will be
reached when the House comes to vote on
concurrence; at present the question is on
laying the bill and amendments on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn; and I do it that we may have
an opportunity to see this bill in print and
examine it carefully.
Mr. MARSHALL. I desire to ask a ques-
tion of my colleague, [Mr. Judd,] who has made
the motion to concur, for the action of some
gentlemen will be determined by his answer.
I desire to know if he will not permit mo to
move to concur in the amendments of the Sen-
ate with an amendment, that we may have a
vote thereon, and that my amendment may be
read ?
Mr. JUDD. I shall make no objection to
the amendment being read.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent, because there are two undebatable
motions pending.
Mr. MARSHALL. Let it be read.
Mr. CALKIN. I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Randall's
motion, that the House adjourn; and there
were—ayes 50, noes 72.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Calkin] withdraws his objec-
tion to the reading of my amendment.
The Clerk read Mr. Marshall's amendment,
as follows:
Add the following as an additional section :
Sec. G. And be it farther enacted. That in all cases
at any election whore there shall be two or more
members ot Congress elected in any State by general
ticket, each qualified voter may, at such election,
cast as many votes for one candidate as there are
Representatives to be thus elccted, or may distribute
the same, or equal parts thereof, among the candi-
dates, as he shall see fit; and the candidates highest
in votes shall be declared elected.
Mr. JUDD. I cannot permit that amend-
ment to be offered.
The question recurred on Mr. Suofield's
motion, to lay the bill and amendments on the
table, on which the yeas and nays had been
called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 78, nays 95, not voting
57 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Armstrong, Bailey,
Banks, Blair, UeorgeM.Brooks, James Brooks, Buf-
fm ton, Benjamin F. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Covode,
Cox, Crebs, Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Donley,
Ela, Eldridge, Ferriss, Eisher, Fox, Getz, Gilfillan,
llaldeman, Ifale, Jlambleton, Hamill, lloar, Jenckes,
Thomas L.Jones, K>l!ey,Keilogg,Kclsey,Ket.cbam,
Knajip, Laiiin, Lash, Lawrence, Marshal!, Mayham,
McNeely, William Moore, Morgan, Myers, Negley,
K'i black, O'Neill, Packer, Phelps, Poland, Potter,
Prosser, Randall, Reeves, Scotield, Porter Sheldon,
Shober, Slocuin, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Strong, Swann, Tanner,
Taylor, Twiehell, Van Auken, Van Wyck, Ward,
William B. Washburn, Wheeler, and Wood—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Asper, Atwood,
Axtcll, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Bingham,
Bird, Boles, Booker, Boyd, Buck, Burchard, Burdett,
Calkin, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland,
Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Con-
ger, Cullom, Degener, Dickinson, Dockery, Dyer,
Earnsworth, Terry, Einkelnburg, Garfield, Haight,
Harris, Hawkins, Hay, Hays, Hefiin, Ingersoll, John-
son. Judd, Julian, Knott, Lewis, Logan, Maynard,
McCormick, MeCrary, McG-rcw, McKee, McKenzie,
Jesse II. Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Orth,
Packaid, Paiue, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Piatt, Pome-
ray, Rice, Rogers, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Sehenck,
Pchuraaker, Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod,
William Smith, Stoughton, Strader, Strickland,
Taft'e, Trimble, Tvner, Upson, Van Horn, Wallace,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welkcr, Weils, Whit-
more, Wiikin-on, Williams Eugene .M.Wilson, John
T. "Wilson, Winans, yml Wmciiestei—95.
NOT VOTING—ilefcsis. Adams, Ambler, Ayer,
Buinum, liarry, Beaim'n, Benton, Biggs, Bowen,
Buckloy, Burr, Roderick R. But'er, Cake, Conner,
Cowles, Dox, Duval; Fitoh, Gibson Griswold. Ham-
ilton, Hawley, Heaton, Hill.IIoge, Holman, Hooper,
Hotciikiss, Alexander II. Jones, Kerr, Loughriuge,
Lynch, McCarthy, Mercur, Milnes, Eliakira H.
Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen, New-
sham, Peters, Porter, Ridgway, Sanford, William
J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather,
Stokes, Stone, Sweeney, Tillman, Townsend. Van
Trump. Voorhees, Willard, Witcher, and Wood-
ward—57.
So the motion to lay the bill and amend-
ments oil the table was not agreed to.
During the roll-call, the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. SWEENEY. On this question I am
paired with the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Bentok.] If he were here he
would vote " ay," and I would vote "no."
Mr, FITCH. On this question I am paired
with the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Smith,] who if he were here would vote "ay,"
while I should vote "no."
Mr. STOKES. On this question I am paired
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Townsend.] If he were present he would vote
in the affirmative, while I should vote in the
negative.
Mr. PETERS. On this bill I am paired
with the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Lough-
ridge,] who, if he were present, would vote
" no," while I would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. AMBLER. I am paired on this ques-
tion with the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Willard.] If he were present he would vote
in the affirmative, while I would vote in the
negative.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn, and on that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. JUDD. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dickey] will allow me one word
of explanation, I think I can satisfy him in
reference to this matter.
Mr. DICKEY. I insist on my motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. If the House should now adjourn,
will not this bill come up to-morrow morning
as unfinished business?
The SPEAKER. Of course it will.
Mr. SOHENCK. I hope, then, that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will withdraw
his call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DICKEY. I will withdraw for the
present the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that the bill and amendments
may be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 87, noes 66.
Mr. J UDD. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at four
o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned.
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
My Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts : The
petition of Joseph B. Eaton, of Boston, Mas-
sachusetts, for payment for supplies to the
Army of the United States in the Mexican
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 22, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man", D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
lewis d. smith.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 101) for the relief
