2814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
is what they need; but Mr. Bright says, speak-
ing of Ireland:
' " The words ' free land' mightfrighten some of the
Tory landlords, bat he went on to explain that he
proposed ' a new conquest of Ireland, without con-
fiscation and without blood, with only the holy
weapon of a frank and generous justice, which is
everywhere potent to bring together nations which
have been long separated.' "
Mr. President, in that there is a lesson for
us. Let us adopt this policy as I adopt the one
of power, on the one hand to protect men in
their rights and punish crime, and liberality in
legislation on the other, and the time which
Whittier places in the future will have become
present:
" Where'er our banner flaunts beneath the stars
Its mimie splendors and its cloudlike bars.
There shall Free Labor's hardy children stand,
The equal sovereigns of a slavelesa land."
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. THAYER ad-
dressed the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) Does the Senator from Illi-
nois rise, under the arrangement, to close the
debate?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did intend to close the
debate, but I am aware that there are several
gentlemen who desire to speak. More than
two hours and a half have already elapsed this
afternoon since this debate began; and there is
very little probability of any time being left for
me unless I claim the floor when I can get it.
I do not know how long the Senator from Ne-
braska desires to speak—perhaps an hour and
a half or two hours, judging by the length of
the other speeches.
Mr. THAYER. Not over an hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I know of some
others who desire to speak, and I should like
to have the floor if I can take it.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor under the
arrangement, if he claims it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. With the understanding
that his is to be the last speech?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not want to inter-
fere with other gentlemen. It is very un-
pleasant for me to take the floor from gentle-
men who desire to speak.
Mr. THAYER. Does the Senator from
Illinois desire all the time between now and
six o'clock?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir, I presumenot;
but if the Senator begins I should not want to
interrupt him, of course. It is now twenty
minutes past three o'clock, and I shall have
no objection to giving way until four o'clock.
I want to get the floor at some time, and if that
will be satisfactory to the Senator from Ne-
braska I will yield him the floor until four
o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I would inquire why not,
by unanimous consent, extend the time for
taking the vote until eight o'clock instead of
six?
Mr. RAMSEY. And in the mean time let
us take a recess from five to half past seven,
by general consent.
Mr. THAYER. I would say that several
Senators have stated to me that if it were not
for changing the agreement it would be more
agreeable to them if the Senate would take a
recess from Ave o'clock until seven, and then
let the Senator from Illinois commence his
argument at seven o'clock and hare all the
tune he desires.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would certainly ac-
quiesce in that arrangement if it met the view
of the Seriate. I am aware that six o'clock is
a very bad hour.
Mr. TIIAYEU. I suggest, then, that at five
o'clock we take a recess until seven o'clock,
and that at the latter hour the Senator from
Illinois take the floor and close the debate,
and when he concludes we proceed to vote.
Several Senators. Very well.
Mr. CORBETT. I trust we shall not change
the arrangement already made. After many
endeavors we have fixed an hour for taking the
vote, and I think we had better adhere to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. II is sug-
gested that, by unanimous consent, the Senate
agree to take a recess to-day from five o'clock
until seven o'clock. Is there objection?
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish it distinctly under-
stood that when the Senator from Illinois takes
the floor this evening that is to be the conclu-
sion of the debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
understanding proposed.
Mr. CASSERLY. Except, of course, as to
any new amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly; that is under-
stood.
Mr. THAYER. The agreement already
made in regard to that matter stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the arrangement now proposed?
Mr. COLE. I think, instead of saying that
the recess should commence at five o'clock,
we had better say that it shall commence at
the conclusion of the remarks of the Senator
from Nebraska.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Schurz] desires to submit some
remarks, and he will have time between the
conclusion of the remarks of the Senator from
Nebraska and'five o'clock.
Mr. COLE. Very well. I was not aware
of that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will again state the proposition. It is that by
unanimous consent the Senate take a recess
from five o'clock until seven.
Several Senators. Half past seven.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the time to be seven o'clock.
Mr. FENTON. I hope it will be fixed at
half past seven ; that will be more convenient.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the suggestion that at five o'clock
the Senate take a recess until half past seven
o'clock, at which time the floor shall be awarded
to the Senator from Illinois to conclude the
debate? The arrangement requires unanimous
consent. Is there any objection ? The Chair
hears no objection to it, and that arrangement
is ordered.
Mr. THAYER addressed the Senate. His
speech will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, it is now
half past four o'clock, and I suppose the Senate
is tired, and I would be the last man to inflict
myself upon my associates here, so that I shall
be glad to give way for a motion for a recess
now, if that be the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not; I hope the
Senator will go on.
Several Sevators. Go on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate de-
termined by unanimous consent that the recess
should commence at five o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator from Mis-
souri does not wish to go on at this time, I
should like to occupy about three minutes.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly; I yield with the
greatest pleasure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall not occupy more
than three minutes. All that I rise for, Mr.
President, is not to go over this question
again, but to pay the homage of my respect-
lul admiration to my friend from Missouri,
[Mr. Drakk,] who 1 am sorry to see is not
here, for the first-rate notice which he gave
me yesterday, and which I see has been duly
advertised in the organ.
"The head and front of my offending" is
that I have been heartless about this business,
that I have been cold, something like the
weather. Well, sir, it is quite true that all
my heat on political subjects and for human
rights has not been expended in any one day.
It has been spread over quite a large space of
time ; a space of time so wide that it will date
back to the time when I was befriending the
colored man in Vermont, and my friend from
Missouri was not doing it in Missouri. I will
not exactly say what he is supposed to have
been doing. I only say that the difference be-
tween us has been that his zeal, like that of
most new-born converts, explodes on some
single day, while mine has continued some-
what steadfastly from the beginning. I rather
imagine, looking to the future from the past,
that I may be found and my constituents whom
I represent may be found to be upholding
steadily human rights, adapting the best means
to the best ends, when my friend from Mis-
souri will have again gone off at some tangent
and be for something else.
Now, Mr. President, on the subject of this
very State of Georgia I find, on looking up the
old files, that on the 5th of March, 1869, I
introduced a bill which recited these very out-
rages that are now being mouthed so much,
and which provided that the act of June 25,
1868, which looked to the setting up of the
State of Georgia into an independent condition
should be repealed ; and that the military arm
of the Government by all its power should be
devoted to repressing this violence and pun-
ishing offenders, remitting the State of Georgia
again to a provisional condition in order to
protect human rights and human life. That
bill was referred to the Judiciary Committee,
which some newspaper has waggishly said con-
stitutes the third party in this body, and that
committee, in eleven days afterward, by my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] reported
the bill favorably with a single unimportant
amendment of detail, and recommended the
Senate to pass it; and on more than one occa-
sion I took the vote of this body by a division,
asking thevn to consider it then, because we
foresaw the end from the beginning; and yet
Senators, I believe including my ffiend from
Missouri—I am not certain ; I have not looked
at the Globe—refused to consider it, and chose
to consider some question about the currency,
which was antagonized against it. And so the
Judiciary Committee, according to its destiny,
was put down, not adversely to human rights
exactly, but when we were endeavoring to
obtain the action and the sanction of this body
to protect life in Georgia in the spring of 1809;
and a year has gone over our heads, in spite
of that committee's appeals to this body to inter-
fere and protect life and property and liberty
there.
Now, sir, I think it comes with rather an
ill grace for my friend from Missouri, or auy
other friend, either here or through the adver-
tising medium, to accuse me, or to accuse that
committee of having been slow to redress these
outrages and to correct these grievances. The
contrary is entirely true; and if fault lies at
anybody's door that we have not interfered
before and set this matter right, it does not lie
at the door of the committee, or of the humble
member of it who now addresses you.
As I said, I did not rise to go over again
these arguments about the best way to accom-
plish a result that we all desire, but to remind
Senators that it is not altogether safe, in the
interest of truth and justice and fairness, to
accuse other Senators who may not exactly
agree with them as to the best way to reach a
common object, of being cold, or heartless, or
of being connected with the Democracy.' I
have known ourforemost friend here for human
rights, who sits not far behind me, from the
old Bay State, [Mr. Scmxer,] before now. to
be voting with the Democracy, or, as he would
put it, having the Democracy vote with him, in
the interest of human rights frequently. This
is all I have to say.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, it was not
my intention to take part again in this debate,
but a few points have been presented which it
seems to me deserve some consideration. I
shall not go over the constitutional argument
again ; I shall at present nor, indulge in legal
reasoning, for it seems to me that branch of
the subject is entirely exhausted. Nor do I
, think that our learned friend from Nebraska
| [Mr. Thayer] lias added anything now to it
; this afternoon, I believe the strength of the
