1870.
THJfi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1871
that was urged by the Senator frotn Oregon a
little while ago. He said if we shall strike ,
out this section of the bill gold will go up to- |
morrow five or six per cent, in the New York j
market. I
Mr. WILLIAMS. No; I did not say five
or six per cent. I said gold would go up sev-
eral per cent. That is my opinion. I did not
specify the amount.
Mr. MORTON. I accept the Senator's cor-
rection ; I do not think it is very material; but
the argument with which we are threatened is
that if we strike out this section of the bill
gold is to go up. Mr. President, I cannot be
frightened this afternoon by that argument.
In the first place, I do uot believe a word of
it. Gold has been steadily coming down for
five months, before this bill was ever reported
by the committee. That decliue has not been
brought about by this bill; and gold would not
be sent up by the defeat of the bill. The Sen-
ator froua Ohio argued awhile ago that the
decline in gold was caused by the anticipation
of a measure of this kind. What evidence is
there of that? This provision could not have
been anticipated, from the fact that the public
sentiment of thecountry is overwhelmingly
against it, and has been all the time.
Now, Mr. President, one thing further. It
was argued by the Senator from Oregon, I
believe, that the Secretary of the Treasury has
a right now under the law to use greenbacks
in purchasing up the five-twenty bonds. He
may have that power; I am not prepared to
dispute it; but it is only the application of the
surplus revenue that comes into the Treasury
to that purpose. Here is a proposition now
to bring greenbacks into the Treasury by sell-
ing bonds, and the question is, what shall be
done with those greenbacks ? He has no power
under the general provision to use those green-
backs in that way, and if he did it would be
the very worst possible policy. Is it the idea
that we shall now borrow money to use in pay-
ing current expenses, or borrow money to buy
up the debt at a premium, and thus increase
the aggregate debt of the country ? What
advantage would there be in using it in that
way, let me ask? A positive disadvantage;
and every man can understand it. As I ex-
plained before, if we get $100,000 of green-
backs into the Treasury by the sale of these
bonds we have added that $100,000 of bonds
to the aggregate debt. We then purchase
$84,000, if you please, of five-twenties. Thus
we have made $100,000 of bonded debt and
taken up $84,000 of bonded debt. What kind
of funding is that? Is a proposition of that
kind to be defended for a single moment?
No, sir; it seems to me it must be condemned
by the unanimous common sense of the coun-
try. Then if these notes are to be received
into the Treasury for bonds they must be can-
celed, or locked up in the Treasury, which
practically is the same thing—the currency is
contracted.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Fenton]
argues this question fairly. He puts it upon
the ground that it is for contraction straight out,
and he argues—and he argues well—the neces-
sity for contraction. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] the other day put
the bill upon its true ground, that it was a bill
for contraction, and he attempted to show the
importance and necessity of contraction straight
out. I am sorry that to-day it has been put on
all grounds, and upon no particular ground,
and with the concession that no two persons
could agree about anything in connection with
this bill. I think, sir, that we ought to be en-
abled to agree about some provisions of this
bill before it is passed. I think there will be
a concurrence of opinion on the part of the
Senate that it would be a bad start in funding
the public debt of the country, by making a
provision to increase the interest-bearing debt,
and possibly increasing the actual interest oyer
that which may be saved by the other funding
provision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Indi-
ana.
Mr. HOWE and Mr. MORTON called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment
will be reported again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the amendment.
The Chief Clerk:. In section three, line
twelve, it is proposed to strike out the words
" or, at the discretion of the Secretary, for Uni-
ted States notes," and in line thirteen, before
the word "obligations," to insert "interest-
bearing ;" so as to read:
And such bonds mav be disposed of cither in tho
United States or elsewhere, at not less than their par
value for coin, or may be exchanged at not less than
par for any of the interest-bearing obligations of tho
United States outstanding, <fcc.
Mr. ROSS. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Ed-
munds.] If he were present he would vote
against the amendment, and I should vote for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Cole, Fow-
ler, Howe, Howell, Kellogg, McCreery, McDonald,
Morton, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, ltevels,
Spragne, Thurman, and Tipton—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Buckingham,
Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Conkling, Corbett,
Drake, Fenton, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamlin, llarlan,
Harris, Howard, Johnston, Morrill of Vermont,
Oaborn, Rice, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull, Warner,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—32.
ABbENT — Messrs. Abbott, Carpenter, Cattell,
Cragin, Davis, Edmunds, Hamilton, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Robertson, Ross,
Saulsbury,Spencer,Thayer, Vickers, and Yates—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin renew his amendment?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin, to strike out of the third section the
clause which will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out of section three the following words, com-
mencing in line fifteen:
And if in the opinion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury it is thought advisable to issue a larger amount
of four per cent, bonds for any of the purposes here-
inafter recited than would be otherwise authorized
by this section of this act. such further issues are
hereby authorized: Provided, That there shall be no
increase in tho aggregate debt of the United States
in consequence of any issues authorized by this act.
Mr. HOWE. I will withdraw that amend-
ment. I would just as lief have the power
two or three times as to have it once.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President 
Mr. CAMERON. Before the Senator from
Connecticut makes a motion, if he will allow
me, I move that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks consent to make a
motion that when the Senate adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Monday next. Is there
objection ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I object until we get this
bill out of the way. I hope we shall dispose
of it in a few moments, and then I will not
object.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will not
allow me to make the motion I have indi-
cated, I move to postpone the bill until I can
make my motion. I think he is unreasonable,
and I do not think he is adding to the prog-
ress of this bill by not allowing me to make
the motion. Now I move to postpone the bill
before the Senate until that can be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the Senator
from Pennsylvania will sit this matter out
to-night.
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. With that statement, if it
is agreed on all sides that we shall finish the
bill to-night, I have no objection to make to
this motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection
is withdrawn. Is there further objection? Tho
Chair hears none. It is moved that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to amend
the bill by striking out the eighth section
entirely. I will make no statement in regard
to it. It is well understood by the Senate.
Several Senators. Let us have a division.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator from
Connecticut, who never makes a long speech,
will explain the precise effect of his motion.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It is merely to strike
out that section which compels the banks to
substitute bonds bearing a lower rate of inter-
est for the bonds they now have deposited.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 32 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Conkling, Corbett, Ferry, Hamliu,
Howard, Howe, McDonald, Morrill ot Vermont,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Scott, and Wilson—16.
NAYS — Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly,
Chandler, Cole, Drake, Fowler, Gilbert, Harlan,
Harris, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, McCreery, Os-
born. Pool. Pratt, Revels, R,ice, Ross, Sehurz, Sher-
man, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Thurman,
Tipton,Trumbull,Warner,Willey, and Williams—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Carpenter, Cattell, Cra-
gin, Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Hamilton, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague,
Vickers, and Yates—21.
So the motion to strike out did not prevail.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish now to make a mo-
tion of which I gave notice some days ago, and
on which 1 ventured to make some remarks at
an earlier date. It is in the seventh section,
line nine, to strike out "fifty" and insert
"twenty-five;" so that it shall read, "the sum
of $125,000,000;" and to add at the end of the
clause, after the word " debt" in line nine, the
further words "the same to take effect one year
after the date of this act;" so that the whole
clause will read:
That in order to carry into execution the provis-
ions of the fifth sectionofthe actentitled "An actto
authorize the issue of United States notesaudl'ortho
redemption or funding thereof, and for funding tho
floating debt of the United States," approved Febru-
ary 25,186% relating to the sinkingjfund, there is here-
by appropriated, outof the duties derived from im-
ported goads, the sum of $125,000,000 annually, which
sum during each fiscal year shall.be applied to tho
payment of the interest and to the reduction of the
principal of the public debt, the same to take effect
one year after thedateof this act.
The Senator from Ohio the other day re-
marked that we could not modify this as I pro-
posed, without interfering with the pledge in
the original act of 1862. Now, the words
which I propose at the end of this clause, pro-
viding that it shall not take effect until one
year after the date of this act, wUl render his
objection nugatory. Andy bow, if I can have
the attention of the Senate, I will explain pre-
cisely the operatios of the change proposed.
I wish to j>ave $25,000,000 annually. Or
let me express myself in another way: I wish
to relieve the people of the burden of taxation
to the amount of $25,000,000 annually, which
under this bill will be continued. I wish also,
so far as we can now, to transfer some portion
of this debt to posterity; I do not wish that we
should embrace it all ourselves. Now, under
this existing clause without any modification,
the whole debt, according to calculations which
have been made, will be paid in twenty years.
Are you ready for that consummation—twenty
1 years for the payment of the national debt ?
! The Senate, it will be remembered, recently
! passed a bill directing the redemption of $45,-
| 000,000 of three per cents. There will become
i due on the 31st of December a loan for upward
I of seven million dollars. That is to be added to
! the $45,000,000. There is also over four mil-
; lion dollars of past due debt to be redeemed.
These three items amount to about fifty-seven
million dollars to be redeemed irrespective of
and beyond the provisions of this sectiou. Now
