1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2815
constitutional argument is so overwhelmingly
on our side that nothing more need be said
about it.
We are on the point now of passing some
legislation to remedy certain evils which exist
in a certain part of the Country. In my opinion
there is but one safe basis for that legislation,
and that is the truth. I have a strong liking,
I might almost say a weakness, for the truth ;
and when dealing with such questions I am
always determined to ascertain, as far as may
be possible, the facts as they are.
We in this country are fearfully given to
superlatives. The inclination to exaggerate
has become one of our national foibles; and
when we look at our public oratory, how much
its value is enhanced sometimes in common
appreciation by an ingredient of the sensa-
tional ! I see sitting near me my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Tiiukman] smiling. I listened to
him a few days ago when he made his speech
on this very question, and 1 must confess I was
then very strongly reminded of this fact, for I
heard him describe the oppressions under which
the late rebels of the South were laboring, and
if I remember rightly he compared their con-
dition, in very eloquent language, with that of
the oppressed patriots of Poland groaning under
the despotic sway of Russia 
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him?
Mr. SCIIURX. Certainly, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Missouri
charges us with the national vice of exaggera-
tion, which he intends to apply, I suppose, to
the present matter. -Let, me ask the honorable
Senator whether there is any exaggeration in
an official* report which he had the lion or to
make to the President of the United States
respecting the condition of the southern States
at the close of the war, for that work contains
all the evidence 1 wish to guide my action on
this subject ?
Mr. SCHURZ. Not the least exaggeration
in it. On the contrary, I think that report
was the most temperate statement of the ease
at that time; and I ain now ready to stand by
every line of that report as it was then writ-
ten. But I think the honorable Senator from
Michigan mistook m;y purpose when he inter-
rupted me; for this time I was going to speak
about the exaggerations indulged in by our
Democratic friends. [Laughter.] I was just
saying that I listened with some astonishment
to my learned and highly esteemed friend from
Ohio, when he so eloquently described the
oppressions under which the late rebels of the
South were suffering aud compared them with
the sufferings of the patriots of Poland under
the hard rule of Russia. This comparison has
been used so frequently in this country that I
have reasons to believe it has created great
mischief; for it was calculated to inflame the
excitable imagination of the southern people,
and to make them really believe that they were
suffering all the terrible wrongs that ever were
heaped by a despotic Government upon the
most fearfully oppressed people. What truth
is there in it? My friend is a scholar, and un-
doubtedly the history of the world is familiar
to his mind. Does he not remember how many
executions took place after the failure of the
Polish revolution of 1830, and of later insur-
rectionary attempts? Does he not know how
many hundreds and thousands of patriots, men
and women, were led in chains over thousands
of miles away from their homes to drag out
their miserable lives in the snows of Siberia?
But let us pass to more civilized countries.
Let us see how the Hungarian revolution
ended. He certainly remembers the rows of
gallows which were then erected, and upon
which the principal generals of the Hungarian
army were hung. He certainly remembers the
thousands of exiles that were scattered almost
over all the countries of the globe.
Jjet us pass even further westward to a still
more civilized country—to France. He cer-
tainly remembers the hundreds of deportations
to the deadly climate of Cayenne, which took
place after the insurrection of June, 1848,
under the republic, not to speak of the punish-
ments that were inflicted upon revolutionists
after Napoleon's coup d'ttat.
Nay, let us cast a look back on the history
of this country and remember that after the
war of the Revolution almost all the States
exiled the Tories, and some of them confis-
cated their estates.
And now compare the fate of the late south-
ern rebels with the fate of the patriots of Po-
land, of Hungary, of France, and even of the
Tories of the American Revolution! Look-
ing at it candidly with an impartial eye, do
you not find that all the atrocities heaped upon
the defeated rebels of the South consisted
simply in this one fact, that we did not mean
to permit those who but yesterday strove to
destroy the Republic to rule it to-day; that
we fulfilled our duty to protect the conquerors
in the South against the evil spirit of the con-
quered ?
Examine the whole history of military gov-
ernment in the late rebel States. Can you point
out to me one single act that was not com-
manded by this duty? What, then, remains of
this thrilling comparison with the oppression of
the Polish patriots, or those of Hungary, or
those of France? No; I assert and maintain
that the history of the world does not exhibit
a single instance of such exceeding magna-
nimity as that meted out by the conquerors in
our great struggle to the conquered—not one.
Show me the dungeon in which a single man
languishes for political offenses ; show me the
gallows upon which a single one expiated his
crime of treason ; show me the exiles in foreign
countries that might not this very moment re-
turn unmolested to their homes. Where are
they?
1 repeat there is not a single example of
such magnanimity in the history of the world,
and it may be truly said that in acting as it
did this Kefiublic was a century ahead of its
time. No, sir; we cannot compare our action
in the premises with that of Russia in relation
to Poland without slandering the high char-
acter of the American people, and 1 hope we
shall never again hear of it on the floor of the
Senate of the United States.
The Senator from Michigan will have per-
ceived that his interruption was at least a little
ill-timed on this occasion. I will now turn
over to the exaggerations on the other side.
Mr. HO WARD. I understood the honorable
Senator to apply the term "exaggeration" to
the whole of the nation, as being a fault of
the whole people of the United States.
Mr. SCHURZ. I said we were rather in-
clined that way.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to deny the justice
of the allegation.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then I will solemnly excul-
pate the Senator from Michigan from the charge.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not speak of myself;
T speak of the nation.
Mr. SCHURZ. I ask the Senator, are we
not really inclined to paint with rather high
colors, or, to express it in popular parlance,
to indulge in big talk ? 1 submit it here to any
one of my friends, the Senator from Michigan
always excepted, and let him decide whether
it is so or not. J gave a very fair example of
it in citing the language used by our Demo-
cratic friends in regard to the oppressions suf-
fered by the late rebels, and I fear we may
find another fair example of it in examining
a little more closely the stories laid before us
on the other side.
We listened to the speech of the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] in which he
unrolled before us a most gloomy and bloody
tableau of the horrors that are of daily occur-
rence in the South. I admit it was thrilling;
but, reading over that speech, the fact struck
me somewhat forcibly that a great many of
the things he related had occurred in and before
the year 1868; and if my friend from Michigan
will look into my report which he has just
quoted, and by every line of which I snail
always be willing to stand 
Mr. SUMNER. An admirable document.
Mr. SCHURZ. Was it? [Laughter.] Yes,
sir, every statement in it was conscientiously
made, every conclnsion conscientiously drawn;
and I wish my distinguished friend from Mas-
sachusetts, who does me the honor to call that
report an admirable document, would take
some of those conclusions to heart. They
would, perhaps, change his position a little with
regard to the subject nowunder consideration.
But I say the facts then submitted in my re-
port belonged to the summer of the year 18C5.
Are not things changing under the influence
of time?, Is improvement entirely out of the
question ? Is it not possible that a little change
lor the better may have occurred since 1865j
and even since 1868?
Still, while saying that a great many of the
facts laid before us by the Senator from Indiana
were of rather old date, I am certainly willing
to admit that the condition of things in some
parts of the South is in a high degree unsatis-
factory. It is undoubtedly true that a great
many crimes are being committed there. It
is undoubtedly true that those midnight organ-
izations of which we have heard so alarming
an account do exist. It is undoubtedly true
that they are indulging in the most atrocious
excesses, although the measure in which those
excesses take place has undoubtedly been ex-
aggerated by grouping together facts that have
occurred in a series of years. However, I
shall allow the Senator from Indiana and all
those who agree with him to have the full
benefit of their statements.
I listened with great pleasure and satisfac-
tion a few days ago to the speech of the Sen-
atorfrom North Carolina, [Mr. Pool,] a speech
admirable for the candor of its statements and
the value of its suggestions. The Senator stated
very correctly the difference which exists be-
tween the crimes thus perpetrated in the South
and similar crimes perpetrated in the northern
States. He said that in the northern States
the criminal is actuated by avarice, by passion ;
but that in thesouthern Statesthecrimes which
have been adverted to are the result of organ-
ized combination made for a purpose, are the
result of political animosity, and in some meas-
ure, as he showed us, of political calculation.
We may go further, and say that while in the
North public sentiment is strongly united in the
condemnation of such things, while we always
can find witnesses to testify against the crim-
inals and juries to convict them, we find in the
South, especially in the case of crimes of a
political character, criminals, witnesses, and
juries, if not judges, all on the same side.
Nobody will dispute these facts; and what
do they prove? They prove simply a depraved
public sentiment. They authorize the further
conclusion that if we want to stop the source
of these crimes, we must reform that depraved
public sentiment and educate it up to a higher
standard. My colleague [Mr. Drake] said the
other day, when speaking of the Ivuklux out-
rages in the South, that there was nothing iu
history to be compared with them except the
religious organization of the Thugs in India.
He need not have traveled so far; he might
have found occurrences and organizations very
similar to these, a public sentiment very similar
to this, in Spain and in Italy, shortly before,
during, and after almost every insurrection.
Now, what is the remedy? When I spoke
upon this question a few weeks ago, I said that
the evil does not consist in this man's or that
man's possessing and wield ing political power in
the South; and of this we have as clear a proof
before us as we can possibly obtain from any
historical evidence, l'here is a significant phe-
nomenon to be observed ; and it struck me
very forcibly when I listened the other day to
