1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
Also, the petition of J. V. Phillips, George
Bridgman, and many others, citizens and busi-
ness men of New Buffalo, Michigan, asking
for an appropriation of $75,000 for the im-
provement of the harbor at that place.
By Mr. TILLMAN : Memorials of citizens
of the fourth district of Tennessee, asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. TYNER: A petition of 40 citizens
of Xenia, Indiana, praying the repeal of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of A. W.
Poe and 41 others, citizens of Cuyahoga county,
Ohio, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
Thomas B. Long and 103 others, of Hallsville,
Ross county, Ohio, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of M. A.
Gladden and 96 others, citizens of Perryville,
Ashland county, Ohio, asking the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Alonzo Crocker and 43
others, citizens of Plato, Lorain county, Ohio,
on the same subject.
By Mr. WILLARD: The petition of Edward
R. Campbell and others, of Chippenhook
Springs and vicinity, Vermont, to abolish the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of W. L. Bucklin and
'others, of Cuttingsville, Rutland county, Ver-
mont, to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. WINCHESTER : A petition from
the citizens of Hill Spring, Henry county,
.Kentucky, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition from the citizens of JcfFer-
sontown, Kentucky, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition from the citizens of Louis-
ville, Kentucky, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. WOODWARD: Two petitions of
citizens of Scranton, Pennsylvania, in favor
of abolishing the franking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Wrm'ESDAY, January 10, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newmas,
D. D.
The Secretary read 1 he .1 ournal of yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. I notice by the reading
of the J ournal that I am stated to have reported
back a substitute from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands to the bill (S. No. "69) to establish
an additional land district in the State of Kan-
sas. What I did was to submit to the Senate
a substitute for that bill, that it might be re-
ferred to the committee. The committee have
made no report on the snbject; but I submit-
ted a substitute for the bill in order that it might
go before the committee and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was ordered
to be printed. The Secretary did not exactly
understand the desire of the Senator.
Mr. POMEROY. It was ordered to be
printed, and my desire was to have it referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The J ournal will
be so corrected.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating estimates of appropri-
ations required for the Sisseton, W ahpeton, and
Santee Sioux Indians, on Lake Traverse and
Devil's Lake reservations, in Dakota Territory,
for the fiscal year ending June 39, 1871; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
HOUSE T.UJj REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 317) author-
izing the Secretary of War to place at the
disposal of Bridge's Battery Association at
Chicago, Illinois, certain captured ordnance
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair lays
before the Senate a communication from ex-
President Millard Fillmore, president of the
Louisville Commercial Convention, transmit-
ting a, report of the proceedings of that con-
vention on the subject of the Southern Pacific
railroad; which will be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. MORTON. I move that that communi-
cation be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I present
the proceedings of the Chamber of Commerce
of the State of New York, embracing a report
made by a committee of that body and adopted
by the chamber, which proceedings are in sup-
port of a bill numbered S63, for the preserva-
tion of the harbors of the United States against
encroachments. The proceedings call atten-
tion to the fact that the harbor of New York
is now threatened by a neighboring State with
encroachments, the effect of which will be to
diminish by two square miles the surface of
the harbor, thereby establishinganimpediment
which will operate against the influx and efflux
of the tide, which itself serves as a perpetual
dredge. I move that these proceedings be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a peti-
tion, very numerously signed by citizens of
Orange county, in the State of New York,
praying for the repeal of those provisions of
law which are termed the franking privilege.
1 move that it be referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I am charged with a peti-
tion which I desire to present from citizens
of Kansas, asking that the franking privilege,
in consequence of the abuse of it, may be re-
pealed. They use the argument in the memo-
rial that Jhe cost, of transportation, among other
things, is so expensive that the franking privi-
lege should be abolished entirely. I am in
favor of the prayer of the petition, but I appre-
hend that the cost of mail transportation will
be about the same, so far as railroad transport-
ation is concerned, whether the railroads carry
much or little. I move to refer the petition
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have also a memorial
from \V. C. Jewett, a citizen of the United
States, relating to the telegraph cable, and
praying that reciprocity may be the policy of
the United States, and that it shall apply to
ail cables, whether those now laid or those that
are contemplated to bo laid, and referring also
to a bill that is now before the Senate. I think
the Committee on Foreign Relations have acted
upon the subject-matter, and while I commend
this petition to their consideration I ask that
it lie on the table, as the measure is pending.
It was so ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
a large number of citizens of Philadelphia
and New York, setting forth that, encouraged
by the efforts in Europe for a general disarm-
ament and settlement of difficulties by arbi-
tration, they respectfully and earnestly petition
Congress not to sanction the proposed enlarge-
ment of the West Point Military Academy,
which, apart from all other considerations,
has not been productive of loyalty, security,
or economy. I move the reference of this
petition to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition,
signed by a large number of citizens of Massa-
chusetts, asking for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege. In presenting a petition of this
kind the other day I ventured to remark that
in my judgment the opposition to the franking
privilege was pressed with some extravagance.
I would now make a further remark, to which
I call the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
that in providing for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege I hope the committee will take
into view the whole system of circulating docu-
ments, for that is involved in the abolition of
the franking privilege. Will Congress cease
to publish documents and to distribute them
among the people ? That is a question which
is nearly associated with the question of the
abolition of the franking privilege. I move
the reference of this petition to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER also presented the petition
of Emelie Suttheimer, widow of Otto Sutthei-
mer, late a private of company C, fifty-fourth
New York volunteers, praying to be allowed
bounties which she alleges to be due to her
husband for services rendered to the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the memorial
of James M. Carlisle, James C. Hall, George
W. Riggs, Anthony Hyde, James G. Berrett,
James C. Kennedy, Henry D. Cooke, and
James C. McGuire, of the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, and William T. Walters,
of the city of Baltimore, State of Maryland,
being the trustees of what is known as the Cor-
coran Art Gallery, asking incorporation from
Congress. In presenting this petition I move
its reference, with the accompanying papers,
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Marquette, Michigan, asking for the
repeal of the duties on imported hides; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Augusta, Michigan ; a petition of citizens of
Benton Harbor, Michigan, and a petition of
citizens of Belleville, Wayne county, Michigan,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege;
which were referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of E.
P. Hunt, of Galveston, Texas, praying for
compensation for fitting out a schooner as a
light-ship in the harbor of Galveston Bay at
the beginning of the war which wa<j referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a petition of
citizens of Oregon, Dane county, Wisconsin,
praying for the abolition of' the franking priv-
ilege ; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SCOTT. I present a petition of citizens
of Arch Spring, Pennsylvania; a petition of
citizens of Antes township, Beaver county,
Pennsylvania; and petitions of citizens ol'
Fayette City, Payette county, Pennsylvania,
all praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege. I take this occasion, as the present-
ation of these petitions seems to give an oppor-
tunity to Senators to relate their experience
on this question, and as several measures have
been introduced as a substitute for the franking
privilege, to call the attention of the chairman
of the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads to my brief experience during the first
session of the Forty-First Congress and this
session, so that in providing for the large and
populous States a proper discrimination may
be made. I had a count made of the number
of communications that I received during that
brief session of six weeks, which I suppose
some of us might compare with the charge of
the six hundred in the manner in which we
were ridden down, and ihey numbered some-
thing over four thousand, one third of which
required answers. By the same mail which
brings me these three petitions I have requests
for the Agricultural report, the Smithsonian
Institution report, and the Patent Office report,
to the number of sixty-seven. [Laughter.] I
