2816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
the speeches delivered by the Senator from
North Carolina on my right, [Mr. Abbott,] and
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mortojt.]
There is the State of Tennessee, which has a
Democratic State government. There are the
States of North Carolina, of Louisiana, of Ala-
bama, which have Republican State govern-
ments. There is Georgia, which is under mil-
itary rule. So you see all the three distinct
classes of State governments which can possibly
iall under our consideration; and yet under all
these different governments the condition of
things, as has been shown to us, is in all essen-
tials exactly the same.
What does it prove? It proves what I stated
before, that tlie evil does not consist in this
man's or that man's having political power,
but that the evil will assert itself in spite of
this party or that party being in office. Is it
not so? Must we not go deeper to find its
source? Must we not look for remedies which
are outside of the beaten track of policy that
has here been advocated? For neither Demo-
cratic nor Republican nor military rule'has as
such shown its efficiency in exercising the ne-
cessary measure of influence upon the public
sentiment of the South; something more is
evidently required. I do by no means deny
that we can by legislative action, or, in extreme
cases, executive interference on the part of the
national Government, facilitate and accelerate
the process of improvement. Certainly we can
do some important things, and I hope we shall.
We can strengthen our laws to protect every
man in his civil and political rights by an effi-
cient, constitutional machinery. We can and
we shall, 1 trust, pass the necessary legislation
to enforce the fourteenth and the fifteenth
amendments; and when called upon by a Gov-
ernor or a Legislature to suppress domestic
violence 1 think we ought to be swift in strik-
ing- the blow with a strong hand. We may
perhaps strengthen the laws which exist for
that eml. All these things 1 think we can and
wo ought to do, and in doing them I hope we
shall go to the full extent of our constitutional
powers; not beyond them, indeed; for if we
do that our mam weapon, the moral force of
t!so measures we may resolve upon, will then
l>e impaired.
Now, sir, while we can and will do all this,
still i think it will be insufficient to produce
as general and permanent an effect aswe must
desire. Look at it from whatever point of view
we may, the loyal people of the South will
have to perform a part of this business them-
selves, and for aught I know the more import-
ant part. Certainly, the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Pool] was right when lie said
the other day that as they are at present situated
we must not expect too much of them, that
the negro population has never had much self-
reliance, and although it may have more now
than it had when it was in slavery, yet it has
not enough now to confront the old masterclass
with the spirit necessary for self-protection. I
admit that it would be extremely difficult for
them to protect themselves alone and unaided ;
neither in the nature of things can we do for
them all that is required. Even the machinery
of military interference and of martial law can-
not be omnipresent, and it cannot be everlast-
ing, so that it cannot everywhere prevent these
outrages from taking place, nor can it prevent
their repetition when it is withdrawn.
The principal value of all the measures I
have indicated will be that they are auxiliary
to that which southern society can and must
do for itself. Its main reliance society must
place in those means of protection which it
holds in its own hands. This I think is Amer-
ican. This is common sense. It seems to me
we have accustomed the loyal people of the
South a little too much to look to Congress for
all they believe themselves to slaud in need of.
They eannot always be looked upon as our
wards ; we caunot always act as their guard-
ians in every emergency. While we shall gladly
and zealously'do our duty to them, we should
never forget to direct their thoughts to those
elements of strength which they wield with their
own hands in their own country, and which
are always present with them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Mis-
souri will yield, as it is within a minute of five
o'clock, I will move to extend the recess for
fifteen minutes, as we are all here and shall be
glad to hear him.
Mr. SCHURZ. Unless it will please the
Senate better, now that the dinner hour has
arrived, to give me time to finish my speech
after the recess, before the Senator from Illinois
commences. 1 can assure you that will please
me better.
Mr. WILLIAMS. How long do you want?
Mr. SCHURZ. About twenty or twenty-
five minutes after we return. ["Agreed!"
"Agreed!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to extending the afternoon session until the
Senator from Missouri concludes his remarks ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand the Senator
from Missouri would prefer, with the permis-
sion of the Senator from Illinois, to go on after
the recess.
Mr. SCHURZ. If the Senator from Illinois
has no objection, I think it would be better for
all of us now to go home and take our dinners,
and return.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then I can conclude before
the Senator from Illinois commences to-night.
["Agreed!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of five
o'clock having arrived, the Senate now takes
a recess until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The'Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
1xouse bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1823) to provide for the
apportionment of Representatives to Congress
among the several States was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
state of georgia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Georgia bill
is before the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I will avail myself of the
absence of the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Schurz] to make a brief statement. There
have been some things said in this discussion
to which it will be proper, whether necessary
or not, for me to make a reply. 1 have not,
however, sought the floor for that purpose,
because to do so would exclude from the floor
Senators who had not addressed the Senate on
this bill, and who were therefore better entitled
to it than I was, but I wish to say now that on
some proper occasion in the future I shall ask
the attention of the Senate to a reply to some
remarks which have been made, not personal
to myself at all, but affecting the party to which
I belong.
abbott q, ross.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a bill for the
relief of A. Q. Ross, reported from the Naval
Committee and passed at the last session of
Congress by the Senate. It was sent to the
House of Representatives, and was being voted
upon there, I believe, at the moment of the ad-
journment. Since then it has passed the House,
I believe, come here, and been referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and reported
again. I ask that it be taken up.
Mr. DRAKE. It was reported by the Sen-
ate Naval Committee in the last Congress, with
a written report setting out all the facts, and
the Senate passed the bill without a question,
and the House was in the act of passing it
when the adjournment sine die took place. We
have reported it back favorably.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 138) for the relief of Abbott
Q. Ross. It provides for paying to Abbott Q.
Ross, of Cleves, Ohio, $5,000, as compensa-
tion for tlie past and future use in the United
States Navy of his invention for using hot
water and steam as a weapon in naval warfare,
for extinguishing fires, and other purposes.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
mary k. smith.
Mr. STEWART. I ask leave to pass a
mining bill. I do not suppose anybody will
object to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; a mining bill
involves a good deal.
Mr. STEWART. It involves no money. It
is simply extending the preemption that we
have granted heretofore to the surface diggings.
1 do not think anybody objects to it in the
world.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know anything
about the bill, and I have no doubt from the
Senator's statement it is perfectly right; but
I want to appeal to him and to the Senate, if
we are to do anything by unanimous consent,
to take up a bill for the relief of Mrs. Kirby
Smith, the widow 
Mr. STEWART. I shall have to object to
anything else if this is objected to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mrs. Smith is the widow
of a gallant officer -who lost his life at the bat-
tie of Molino del Hey, in Mexico, and whose
only son was killed in the rebellion. It is a
bill to pay her a small pittance that has been
due her a long, long time. If we are to do
anything by unanimous consent, I ask unani-
mous consent to do that.
Mr. STEWART. Well, I am willing to grant
the unanimous consent. I will not follow your
example.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada object?
Mr. STEWART. No, sir; I do not object
to anything.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 776)
for the relief of Mary K. Smith was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to pay to Mary K. Smith, widow of 13.
Kirby Smith, late a captain in the fifth regi-
ment of United States infantry, arrears of
pension at the rate of ten dollars per month,
from the 12th of September, 1847, to the 12tli
of October, 1862.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
appeals from district supreme court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a bill that was
reported by the Judiciary Committee a day or
two ago, to allow appeals from the supreme
court of this District, which we can pass in a
minute if it is taken up. and it onght to be
passed now if it is passed at ail. It was
reported yesterday. I should like to have it
taken up now.
Mr. HAMLIN. What is the bill ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. A bill to allow appeals
from the supreme court of the District; the
bill that you introduced. We have amended it.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not on the
printed Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; it is not on
the printed Calendar. It was only reported
yesterday.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 689) granting appeals from
and authorizing the issue of writs of error to
the supreme court of the District of Columbia
in certain cases therein mentioned.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee reported
the bill with an amendment as a substitute. I
suggest that the substitute only be reau.
