5648
the congressional globe.
July 15,
that their will as expressed at the polls had not
been correctly reported by the officers conduct-
ing the election, or that designing and wicked
men had fraudulently defeated their intentions.
To prevent this, every proper guard should be
furnished, and nothing should be' omitted which
is necessary to insure fairness and preserve
public confidence. Elections should not be
set aside for want of mere form,' for innocent
or unintentional irregularities. On the other
hand, all the mandatory provisions of the law
must be observed, or the election cannot and
should not be sustained. These questions have
often been considered by the courts of the coun-
try, by this H-ouse, and by the Legislatures of
the several States of the Union. In order to
arrive at a jiist conclusion in this case, I pro-
pose to submit some authorities on the subject
of sustaining and rejecting returns of elections
for various reasons.
In Boileau's case, (2 Parsons, 508,) decided
in 1845, although sustaining the election, the
court say that—
"In a case in which it is shown that in making the
preparatory arrangements lor holding an election, a
reckless disregard of, or a criminal carelessness as
to the directions o£ the law has been manifested, we
would hold such an election undue and illegal."
And again, in the same case, they say :
" This court would not hesitate in setting aside an
election whero they are convinced that in conduct-
ing it the laws of the Commonwealth have been
infracted."
In Kneass's case, decided in 1851, (2 Par-
sons, 553,) the whole tenor of the opinion of
the court shows clearly that the entire poll
should be rejected for frau.d or gross irregu-
larities.
In the case of Mann vs. Cassidy, decided in
1857, (1 Brewster, GO,) the court say :
"The caro which this court has taken informer
cases to guard the honest expression of the will of
thepeople through the ballot-boxfrom being affected
by the omissions or neglects of election officers to
perform what has been impropeily styled 'mere
directory duties' seems to have been greatly misap-
prehended.
" It never was the intention of this court to throw
around election officers a shield oftechnicality which
would interfere with the fair examination of their
official acts or omissions. A mere slip, whioh can
have no effect upon the integrity of the proceeding,
ought not to vitiate it; but where it is disclosed, in
the progress of a judicial investigation, that gross
frauds have been allowed by the officers of a>n elec-
tion, or that, by their whole course ot conduct they
have invited persons to pollute the ballot-box by
fraudulent or illegal votes, shall it be contended that,
because the parties contesting such election have
not been able to point distinctly in tneir petition to
every act of omission or commission by which the
result has been attained, the court investigating the
case is powerless; and though convinced that the
will of the people, as truly expressed, has been out-
raged by fraud, must, therefore, close its doors, and
deny the people the very redress that the law requires
Uio constituted tribunal to afford ?
" If such were the rule by which like cases have
heretofore been measured, it is now full time to
abandon it. The exigency of the times requires a
more sensible one. But the rule, as heretofore ap-
plied, is not of so puerile a character. It will not
shield gross irregularities. Itwill not hold valid the
acts of election officers, when, for the perpetration of
t hose very acts, the officers themselves are responsible
to the criminal law and subject to punishment.
"And it is time that both the officers of election and
the people by whom they are chosen should under-
stand that incompetency, inefficiency, and neglect
on the part of those conducting an election may cn-
tiiely vitiate it, and oven the fair and honest voter be
disfrauehished thereby. In this there is no real hard-
ship. The voter must guard his rights in time. It
he neglect them and they be stolen away from him
why should he complain? Will any fair man ooject
that votes illegally received shall be removed from
the ballot-box? Surely no honest man, nor honest
candidate, can desire to succeed by illegal means.
In the case of Thompson vs. Bwing, (1 Brews-
ter, 109,) the court says:
" Our duty, therefore, is to ascertain whether any
fraud has been perpetratod, or whether the irregu-
larities and negligences have been so gross as to pre-
vent us lroin rolying upon anything that the election
officers have done, in whioh uasesvfeshouldbebound
to require proof from those wlio sustain their acts,
or to disregard them entirely. This wastheooctrme
applied by this court in the case of Mann vs. Cassidy,
and we see no reason to change it."
It has lor.g been held by all the judicial tri-
bunals of the country, as well as by the decis-
ions of Congress and the Legislatures of tne
several States, that an entire poll should always
be rejected for any one of the three following
reasons:
1. Want of authority in the election board.
2. Fraud in conducting the election.
3. Such irregularities.or misconduct as render
the result uncertain.
We are clearly of opinion that the first and
third reasons were sufficiently shown in this
case.
If the second reason has not been established
against the officers conducting the election, it
has been abundantly shown that these officers
afforded the opportunity for some one else to
commit the fraud if they did not do so them-
selves.
This House has, in very many cases, rejected
the entire polls for the several reasons before
stated, or for eiiher one ofthetn. These decis-
ions commenced many years ago, and have con-
tinued regularly until the present time. Jack-
son vs. Wayne, 1792, (Contested Elections,
vol. 1, p. 4.7 ;) McFarland vs.. Purviance, 1804,
(same vol., p. 131;) Easton vs. Scott, 1810,
(same vol., p. 272 ;) McFarland vs. Culpeper,
1807; Draper vs. Johnson, 1832, (do. vol., p..
710;) Howard vs. Cooper, (2 vol. Contested
Elections;) Blair vs. Barrett, (vol. 2 Con-
tested Elections, p. 808;) Knox vs. Blain, (do.
do., p. 521 ;) and other cases therein cited.
Both volumes of contested-election cases in
Congress are full of such precedents. Delano
vs. Morgan, Myers vs. Mofl'at, Covode vs. Fos-
ter, and numerous other cases not yet reported
are to the same effect.
In the trial of the Pennsylvania contested
elections of 1867 the courts say, (1 Brew-
ster, 171;)
"The right of an elector rests on no uncertain or
question able foundation. It isclearly deiined m the
fundamental law of the land. The possessor of this
franchise holds a title to its enjoyment that is beyond
the power of the Legislature to take from him, or
within the limits of the Constitution to abridge. _
"This right is thussacredly guarded because ours is
a, Government ' of the people, for the people, and by
the people;' and when their will, expressed through
the instrumentality, of a popular election, has beon
ascertained, it shall, with ail due fidelity, be estab-
lished and maintained.
"But the elective franchise, like other rights, is
not one of unrestrained license. In a. Government
oflaw the law must regulate the manner m whioh it
must be exercised. The time and occasion and mode
of voting are to be proscribed by the Legislature,
except in so far as the Constitution has a voice of its
own on the subject; and therefore it is that laws have
been passed for the creation of election officers, reg-
ulating the hours of the day during which the elec-
tions shall be held, the proof necessary to establish
the right to vote; the aualiiication of election offi-
cers, the assessment of taxes required to be paid by
the voter, the record which is to be kept of the vote
having been polled, the way in which the result
shall bo ascertained, and the return made up and
pr$S6rvcd>
"The election privilego is not, therefore, a mere
constitutional abstraction, but is to be exercised in
subordination to law, and on proof of title ot the
person claiming its exercise. The right, however
well founded in fact, may be lost for want ot such
evidence of title as the law demands, just as the pos-
session and enjoyment of property, secured by the
declaration of lights to the citizen, may be taken
away or withheld from him for the want of the neces-
sary evidence of ownership."
I am awa,re of the fact that it is often
argued in defense of irregularities, bad faith,
and even fraud in conducting elections that
it is hard to disfranchise the honest voter by
reason of the mistakes or misconduct of elec-
tion officers. This view has been so com-
pletely answered by the judges, in the opin-
ions already cited, that little more need be
said on this point. It might be well, however,
to add that no legal voter is disfranchised by
throwing out a fraudulent poll. The only effect
of such action by the proper tribunal is to de-
stroy the prima facie character of the return,
and to deny to the official acts of such officers
the legal presumption of correctness usually
accorded to the conduct of faithful agents.
The way is always open to every candidate
upon the trial of any contested-election ease
to come forward and prove the vote which he
received at any and every assailed precinct.
In the case now under consideration the inten-
tion of the sitting member to assail the pre-
cinct alleged to be fraudulentwas clearly made
known and notice given to the^contestant to
that effect. He was represented by able and
skillful counsel, and is a lawyer himself, No
one knew better than he the great importance,
and indeed the actual necessity, of sustaining,
the poll attacked by hia adversary.
The committee, therefore, regard the fectthat
contestant made no effort whatever to prove the
votes which he received, or to which, he was
entitled in ihe district assailed by the con-
testee, as ve'ry strong circumstantial evidence
against him. The only reasonable answer to
the question why he did not so prove his vote
would seem to be contained in the answer that
he knew he could not; otherwise he certainly
would have tried. The only other satisfactory
reason which we can assign is the fact that so
many of the voters had been called and sworn
on trhe other side that not many were left for
the benefit of the contestant, even if he had
seen fit to make an effort to establish his vote
at this precinct by calling and swearing the
voters. The weight of this presumption is
very greatly increased by the fact that while
the trial of the case was in progress the con-
tcstee was proceeding to prove, and did actu-
ally prove as far as possible, the number of
legal votes which he had received in the pre-
cinct which he had assailed. Under this state
of facts it would hardly seena fair to charge
that honest voters would be disfranchised by
rejecting this poll. All that is done by such
action of any proper tribunal is to destroy the
prima facie character of the return itself, leav-
ing the voter or the candidate to prove his
right, which ought not t.o be considered as
proved by1 certificates of persons guilty of
fraudulent conduct or not qualified to give
them.
I now propose to consider briefly the man-
ner in which the election was conducted at the
south poll of Wayne township, in the light of
the authorities cited:
1. Four hundred and seventy-five votes were
returned for Mr. Julian. He has proved that
lie received at least 551, and probably more. To
this it is feebly answered that the tickets and
returns are the best evidence. This seems like
begging the question. The fraud would evidently
sustain itself. True, the evidence of the cou-
testee is mostly parol, but it is just such testi-
mony as that which enables men to hold their
property, to defend their characters, and even
their liberties and their lives, in courts of
justice.
2. Contestant secured a recount of the tickets,
by what right or authority does not appear.
It was introducedas evidence by him, however,
and is shown by the testimony of Lynde and
Parry, (pages 41, 42, and 43.) The tickets
counted 1,181; the return showed 1,188. The
tickets counted 479 for Julian ; the return gave
him 475. The tickets counted 070 for Reid ;
the return gave him 676.
3. The evidence shows that a few persons
from the northern precinct voted at the south-
ern. The officers swear they did not decide
that citizens of one ward could not vote in the
other. On the contrary, they say they sup-
posed that they could do so. They seem to
have taken care not to vote themselves at their
own poll. There were eleven hundred and
eighty-three persons voted at this precinct. It
would seem very strange that among this large
number no three men could be found who could
read and understand a line of the statute
directing where persons should vote, or with
comprehension enough to know that the same
voters could not have two lawful places of voting
at the same time.
4. There was no lawful registration of voters
in this precinct. The law (act of March 11,1867,
sections two and six) provides how, when, and
by whom a registration of a new district shall
he made. Only one man (Mr. Rosa) of the
entire board was a citizen of this precinct or
qualified to act. Here it is urged in reply that
if this registry was bad so was that of the north
ward. The argument is not sound. Parry,
