187®.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1873
ablyamoeg your people? What it the advan-
tage of your cultivating the soil unless from
that toil yo« can obtain sufficient to continue
the employment of the people? Can every-
body be a farmer ? Sir, if all were farmers
the country would be liable to be encroached
upon and captured by the aggressions of strong
foreign Powers.
Sir, the cause which is to-day affecting the
foundation of everything in this eonntry is the
tremendous and terrible aggression of foreign
capital, combined with speculative influences
within, the main strength of which is the Treas-
ury of the United States; not intentionally,
not, perhaps, knowingly, but in combination;
and without compass or rudder in its direction
it is to-day the cause of all the speculations
that ham occurred since the closing of the
Now, sir, the proposition which I hold in
my hand is one which will directly effect the
object. It means to operate; it means to bear
and to pull; it means not to be borno and not
to be polled. It means to take the situation as
it is to-day, and in strength and in combina-
tion with itself to effect the purpose of specie
payments. Everybody wants that. We have
got now nearly to that position; and let it
come. It can be done by a combination of
money and power. Money alone will not effect
this object. It might bare been obtained by
the gradual increase of capital, by the profit-
able employment of your people, upon which
all your debt would have been easily floated
through aa easy condition of the money market.
Bat if you will not aim at that, if you will still
contmae to aim at the paper money of the
eonntry, if yoa will continue to speculate with
it and raise and depress it constantly by your
operations, then let us have it come directly
with power to effect the object as you now
stand, before you shall have exhausted what
yet remains of the machinery of the people to
carry on their business. My proposition is
this:
The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorised
to iaaus bead* of the United States, payable at the
option of the United States, at a rate of interest not
exceeding lixper cent., to an amonnt not exceeding
$100.000.0001. The proceeds of the Bale thereof, or m
■ach thereof as nay be necessary, shall be employed
in bringing the legal-tender currency to par and
maintainingthesame at par by redeeming the same
in coin on presentation at any tab-Treasury of the
United Statea., Said earreney shall be received into
the Treasury for all dues to the Government, and
paid out for all Government obligations or deposit*
of coin and bullion.
This, sir, is sharpening the knife and strik-
ing at the vitals of this disease. All that is
required is strength in the Treasury, ability to
receive into itself treasure and to return coin
for its values. When you have assumed that
condition for the failed paper of the United
States it will be an easy step to effect the same
object through the national banks. First, let
the Government of the United States assume
the duty and obligation of specie payments,
for it was the Government of the United States
that caused a failure and a suspension of spe-
cie payments and bankruptcy throughout the
country. Why will they constantly make an
effort to throw the responsibility and weight of
this effort upon their own creatures, their na-
tional banks ? Lot them assume the responsi-
bility ; let them collect money sufficient Into
their Treasury to create power to maintain and
to determine the value of their securities, of
their failed paper, of their depreciated paper,
to a specie valne, and specie payments are at
once resumed. _
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I have only one word fur-
ther to say. I am in earnest, sir, for specie
payment, and I think Congress ought to be in
earnest for it. I am ready to doany thing tend-
ing to that end; anything that shall directly
order that end. Is the Senator from Ohio
equally ready ? If he is equally ready let hi m
give a substitute for the proposition which he
41ot Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 118.
criticises. He calls it repudiation. Sir, the
Senator repudiates when he repudiates this
proposition. The Senator insists upon keep-
ing on the market and in the country what I
have again and again denominated the failed j
paper of the country. He insists upon a long-
continued, protracted repudiation, which I, in
my humble way, am trying to bring to an end.
If the measure I now propose is inadequate,
if it can be better expressed, if there are any
other terms in which the same object can be
reached, will the Senator from Ohio, who has
charge of this bill, be kind enough to give it
to us? I shall accept it. All that I ask is
something done seriously in this direction.
Again and again have I made this attempt.
Never before was I told, however, that an
attempt for specie payments was repudiation.
I retort upon the Senator and say that here on
this occasion he makes himself the patron of
repudiation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to move a couple of
amendments to the tenth section, and I am
really induced to hope, almost to believe, that
the Senator from Ohio will agree to them,
though I think he is not partial to amendments
as a general rule. The first amendment I wish
to move is in the fifth line of the tenth section
to strike out the words "one hundred" and
insert "fifty." Has the Senator from Ohio
any objection to that?
i Mr. SHERMAN. I am opposed to the
organization of these small banks; but this is
a question of detail which every Senator can
decide for himself. The Senator proposes to
reduce the limit.
Mr. HOWE. I will not occupy the time of
the Senate by debating the amendment. I will
simply say that my purpose is to authorize
banks to be organized on a capital of not less
than $50,000. The limit is now $100,000.
Under the provision as it now stands you will
understand that if in the course of this pro-
cess of funding the greenbacks there shall be
brought about a dehciency in the circulation
that cannot be supplied except by new banks
which shall organize with a capital of fully
$100,000; nor can even existing banks add to
their capital unless they add $100,000. If the
: Senate will agree to the amendment I propose,
ihen existing banks can increase their capital
! by the addition of $50,000. or new banks can
be organized with a capital of $50,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin moves to amend the amendment of
the committee in section ten, line five, by strik-
ing out the words " one hundred " and insert-
ing "fifty;" so as to read " $50,000."
The amendment to the amendment was
! agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Now I move to amend that
same section by inserting in the sixth line, after
the words "United States," the words "one
third of which shall be," and in the seventh
; line by striking out the words "section three "
1 and inserting " each of the first three sections.''
, Mr. SHERMAN. It will be sufficient to
: gay, to meet your purpose, "provided for by
this act."
, Mr. HOWE. Perhaps it would.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The idea of the
! amendment is to have one third of each class
of bonds five per cent., four and a half per
! cent., and four per eent. Is that it?
; Mr. HOWE. Precisely; the same as the
other banks. . ,
Mr. MORTON. That would not be m har-
mony with the preceding part of the section
which provides for their depositing notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. That amendment would
authorize the iunding by these banks in a
higher class of bonds. I do not think that
would carry out the idea which the Senator
has.
Mr. MORTON. It would authorize the
funding into five per cents.
Mr. HOWE. Yes; it would authorize the
funding into five per cents., but it would au-
thorize additional bank circulation to be paid
out, if I understand it, upon precisely the same
! condition that existing banks are authorized to
circulate money. That is my purpose, and I
think the amendment effects that.
Mr. SHERMAN, It would effect it; but I
do not think we ought to provide circulation
to any banks except on four per cent, bonds.
That is the point I make.
■ Mr. HOWE. The Senator has protested
over and over again that he wants to get rid
of the greenbacks, and he does not seem to be
a great stickler for the contraction of the cur-
rency, though he is quite willing it should be
contracted, I judge. There is one way, and
only one way, in which the greenbacks can be
retired without contracting the circulation, and
i that is by authorizing capital to add to the cir-
culation new national notes. AVill the Senate
agree that new banks may supply this deficiency
j in the currency upon terms as favorable as
existing banks are allowed to circulate ? That
is the question.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment as he has taken it
down, to ascertain whether it meets the views
of the Senator from Wisconsin.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed in sec
tion ten, line six, after the words " United
States" to insert the words " one third of
which shall be," and in line seven to strike
out the words "section three" and insert
" each of the first three sections."
Mr. MORTON. Now I ask to have the
section read as it will stand as amended.
, The Secretary read as follows:
That any banking association organised, or to be
organized, under the national currency act and tho
acts amendatory thereof, may, upon depositing with
the Treasurer United States notes to an amount not
hess than $50,000, receive an equal amount of regis-
tered bonds of the United States, one third of which
shall be of the kind and description provided for
by each of the first three sections of this act, and
may deposit the same as security for circulating
notes, &c.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope that amendment
will not bg agreed to. livery argument that
was urged last fright against compelling the
existing banks to deposit bonds that niay be
issued under this bill went upon the ground
that such compulsion would be bad faith to-
ward the banks who had bought bonds which
they have now already deposited with the
Treasurer. No such argument can be made
in reference to the bauks to be ereated under
this section of this bill. They are entirely new
institutions; and so the question resolves itself
simply into this: whether the franchise thus
given to new associations is not a© valuable
that we may justly requira-of thtfm to deposit
bonds bearing the lowest   • of interest pro-
vided in this bill? "Ttawe is no violation of
good faith with anfhddy in that. There is no
violation of any contract in that. They can
go to banking, or they can let it alone, under
i this section of the bill, if it pass in the shape
! it now stands.
i We come, then, to the question whether or
i not they will go to banking if it is desirable
; that they should do so; and that brings up the
' same question we had last night as to what are
1 the net profits of the national banking institu-
tion8. I said last night that they were ten and
S a quarter per cent, per annum. I said that on
| the faith of a computation I saw in a very val-
i nable paper of this country, the Pittsburg Coin-
| mercial, which had been handed to me by the
! Register of the Treasury with the remark that
he believed it was correct. But this morning
! we have had laid on our tables direct evidence
' on this subject in a report made by the Comp-
i troller of the Currency to the House of R®P"
j: resentatives, and by this report it appears that
i! the net profits of these institutions, the aver-
!' age profits, instead of being teu and a quarter
ii per cent, are actually thirteen and sixty-three
