1870.'
THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
(township trustee,) Lynde, and Lacey (thirty-
five and thirty-six) all resided in the north
ward, and "all acted in making out the registra-
tion. Their action as to the north ward was
entirely valid. As to the south ward it was
mere surplusage and entirely illegal.
6. In one ward Mr. Julian was scratched 39
votes oat of a poll of 1,151 Republicans. If
this be a true return (south ward) he was
scratched 185 by their neighbors on a poll of
060 Republican votes.
6. The law (section twenty-eight) ^xpressly
forbids any announcement of the result until
after the closing of the polls and the counting
of all the tickets. This was disregarded by
the officers.
7. Thelaw commands aeontinuoussession of
the board (section three) until the work shall
be completed. This was repeatedly violated.
8. Every provision of the law in regard to
the manner of counting out the vote was dis-
regarded, and persons wholly unauthorized
were admitted to the room while this was being
done, and one of those persons actually as-
sisted in the work. (Pages 9-10.)
9. The law commands that the ballot-box
shall be guarded, and its custody belongs to
the officers. This was also disregarded and
defied.
10. The law provides that the inspector shall
appoint the judges. These two judges were
chosen by the crowd.
11. The ballots were carried from the proper
district and counted in another.
12. The law requires that affidavits and
papers taken or received by the board during
the day shall be returned by the judge to the
county board, to be filed with the clerk of the
circuit court. Lacey, the judge, swears that
this was not done.
13. The inspector and both of the judges
resided outside of the district. They were
wholly disqualified and without authority to
act. The fourth section of the act of' 1852
provides that some elector of the new precinct
shall be appointed by the board (commis-
sioners) as inspector, and that such inspector
shall appoint two qualified voters of the pre-
cinct as judges. The third section of the act
of 1859 provides that in case of a new precinct
the inspector shall appoint two qualified voters
of the precinct as judges. The proviso to the
second section of the act of 1867 declares that
in case of a new district three freeholders
shall be appointed besides the trustee, and the
one first in order of appointment shall be in-
spector of the new place of voting, the second
shall be clerk at the new, and the third at the
old place of voting. But the new law con-
tains no repealing clause; it is in no way in-
consistent with the acts of 1852 and 1859, as
all could have full force and effect if the board
of commissioners would make their order of
appointment in accordance with the law ; that
is, place residents of the new precinct as Nos.
1 and 2, and a resident of the old precinct as
No. 3, in the order of appointment. It is a well-
settled rule of construction that one statute
shall not be held to repeal another unless
wholly inconsistent therewith, or an intention
to repeal bemanifest.
But even if the law of 1867 had repealed
those of 1852 and 1859, the case would be in
no way different. In that case Lynde would
have been inspector and Rosa clerk of the
south precinct, and Lacey clerk of the north
precinct, and two qualified voters of the south
ward would have been judges therein. It is
therefore manifest that they did not proceed
under the law of 1867. Indeed we can con-
ceive of no law under which they could have
acted. They do not now pretend to show any
law to justify their pretensions, and neither the
contestant nor any one for him has attempted
to produce any law to justify their usurpation.
On behalf of the contestant, however, it is
urged that these persons were officers clefacto,
although it is conceded that they were not offi-
cers de jure. A largo number of authorities
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 354.
have been cited to this point. It is freely ad-
mitted that the distinction between officers de
facto and de jure is not well defined. The
decisions of the House, and even the decisions
of courts, on this question are somewhat in-
consistent and conflicting. While we admitted
that party spirit and surrounding circumstances
have produced such apparent inconsistency in
the decisions of the House, yet we venture to
assert that in no case has it ever been held that
persons were officers de facto who did not pos-
sess the qualifications requisite for officers de
jure.
In the case of Delano vs. Morgan even the
minority of the committee (Democratic) re-
ported in favor of excluding the entire poll of
Blue Rock township, and gave as a reason for
so doing that the polls had been closed by the
officers for about one hour, so as to enable them
to take dinner. To sustain this decision they
quote the opinion of Judge Brinkerhoff, of
Ohio, and yet in that case there was no pre-
tense that the ballot-box was tampered with,
but that the judges rather acted in ignorance
of what their duties were. This case (Delano
vs. Morgan) is directly in point in regard to
the distinction we have attempted to make as
to officers de facto. One of the officers of the
Pike township electionwas disqualified; the poll
was rejected. The debates on this case are
full to the point, and the conclusion is full and
complete in favor of the distinction we make.
One may be an officer de facto who has been
irregularly or improperly appointed or selected,
and his acts may be binding on third persons;
but in a case of personal disqualification of
the officer for reasons which could not be cured
by a change in the manner of his selection,
the rule is universal that he can have no juris-
diction, and all his acts are void from the begin-
ning for want of authority.
It has been warmly urged on behalf of the
contestant that he suffered a great injury at the
hands of the board of judges of Wayne county.
He vigorously denies their right to reject or
omit the poll of any township or precinct.
Were this a question of the prima facie right
to the seat, had the committee had charge of
the credentials of the claimants, such a ques-
tion would have challenged their careful con-
sideration. But this is not a question of that
character. They are required to examine the
case upon its merits; to find out the will of the
people of that congressional district, and to
determine who was honestly, fairly, and legally
elected. They do not consider it important to
review the action of these judges ; they do not
know officially upon what grounds they acted.
If they are correct in their conclusion in regard
to the last point made against the south poll
of Richmond, it would follow that the judges
were correct in their action. M. M. Lacey was
the return judge; he did not live in the district;
he held no office and had no legal right to hold
any therein; he was just as much a stranger to
this poll as if he had lived in a remote corner
of the county, or in any other county of the
State, or in any other State in the Union. The
board had no legal right to receive any return
from him. Had he been a foreigner, a citizen
of China or Madagascar, he could have been
received with the same propriety as could this
citizen of a different election distridt.
On a careful review of the whole case I see
no good reason to disturb Mr. Julian in the
enjoyment of the seat he now occupies.
I now yield to the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. McCeauy] for two minutes.
Mr. McCRAEY. I concur with the majority
of the Committee of Elections in the conclusion
they have reached in this case. I wish to say,
however, that I do not agree in some of the
legal propositions laid down in that report, but j
dissent from them. I cannot particularize, but '
will simply say that in so far as this report con-
flicts with the report adopted the other day by
the House, in the case of Barnes vs. Adams,
I dissent from it.
I base my conclusion in this case upon a
single point, upon a single proposition of law,
upon which there can.be no controversy. If
the vote of the .southern precinct of the city of
Richmond be excluded, then Mr. Julian is
entitled to his seat. The proof shows that that
slipoid be done on the ground of fraud. The
returns from that precinct show that Mr.
Julian received 475 votes; that is the return
which is certified to by the officers of the elec-
tion.
The proof shows beyond controversy that
this is not a correct return; that it does not
represent the true vote which was caiit for Mr.
Julian at that precinct. He has called the
voters themselves as witnesses; and 551 of
them have sworn unequivocally that they de-
posited their ballots at that precinct for him.
These 551 votes are 76 more than those for Mr.
Julian, which were found in the ballot-box and
counted for him by the officers of the election.
This is sufficient evidence of fraud. If we do
not conclude from this testimony that there
was fraud at that poll, we must come • to the
conclusion that at least 76 of the witnesses who
testified in this case have testified falsely, or
else that they did not know for whom they
voted or for whom they intended to vote. Fraud
must in nine eases out of ten be proved by cir-
cumstantial evidence; and this is circumstan-
tial evidence of the strongest kind.
It is not necessary to show by what means a
hundred or more votes with the name of Ileid
upon them, which were not deposited by legal
voters, found their way into the box. It is pos-
sible that there may have been bogus tickets at
this poll. The use of such tickets is a trick
which has often been played. It is also possi-
ble (as the testimony shows that the ballot-box
was left unguarded during a portion of the day)
that some ballots deposited by voters may have
been taken out and others substituted. But as
I have said, it is not necessary we should show
bj what means ballots not deposited by voters
got into the box. I say the testimony shows
conclusively that such was the fact. It is estab-
lished by as clear and conclusive proof as can
ever be obtained for the purpose of proving
fraud.
[Here the hammer fell.]
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr- BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (II. R. No. 1781) for the relief of
Francis M. Strong and Thomas Ross ;
An act (H. R. No. 2218) for the relief of
Charles Steedman, commodore United States
Navy,
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 123) allowing
late Acting Ensign George M. Smith a share
in certain prizes captured by United States
steamer Aries;
Joititresolution (H. R. No. 211) for the settle-
ment of the accounts of Charles C. Upham,
late paymaster in the Navy, deceased;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 291) for the
relief of chief engineers George Sewell and
William H. Shock, of the Navy; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 384) relative to
the pay of the Capitol police and watchmen.
ELECTION CONTEST—JiEID VS. JULIAN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolutions reported by the Committee of Elec-
tions in the contested-election case of Reid vs.
Julian, from the fourth congressional district
of Indiana.
Mr. CESSNA. I yield one minute to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Orth.]
Mr. ORTH. I rise for the purpose merely
of saying that I have examined the majority
and minority reports in this case, and from
that investigation I feel satisfied that it is my
duty to sustain the report of the majority.
Mr. CESSNA. I now yield two minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Davis.J
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, after a careful
