1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
561
Mr. IIOWE. It was imposed oil him when
he was confirmed as Postmaster General of the
United States.
Mr. THAYER. To seek from the people
instructions to Congress to pass certain laws
which he thinks proper? To induce them to
instruct Congress ?
Mr. HOWE. To seek the repeal of a law
which I think is one of the grossest abuses in
the expenditures of this countrv of any that
I know.
Mr. THAYER. I agree with my friend
from Wisconsin as to the franking privilege,
and Ishall vote for its repeal; but I take this
occasion to say that it is not necessary to
undertake to bring about a reform of an abuse
by the grossest misrepresentations of facts.
The proper functions of the head of a Depart-
ment are to communicate with and recommend
to Congress. I do not differ as to the object
to be accomplished in this case ; I am for it;
£ am for removing the abuse ; but here ia cer-
tainly an abuse in printing these documents at
public expense and flooding the country with
them through the mails franked. Now, I send
to the desk and ask to have read the circular
to which I refer. I will say, however, to the
Senator from Minnesota, who declares that the
Postmaster General has performed such dis-
tinguished service to the country, that I trust,
it being his duty to read every one of these
petitions, he will perform that duty; and I
hope then he will be grateful to the Postmaster
General for having imposed that duty upon
him. I ask to have the circular read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
abolition of the feaxking privilege.
Note to Postmaster.
The inclosed blank petition to Congress is for-
warded to you in response to the very generally ex-
pressed wish of the people of the United States that
the "franking privilege" be abolished.
The President and the Postmaster General in their
official communications to Congress at the present
session have strongly and earnestly recommended
this reform, and, without intending to influence your
own views,you arerespecttully requested to givethe
citizens within the delivery of your office early op-
portunity to sign the petition. For this purpose sev-
eral blanks will bo supplied to the larger post offices,
and it is suggested that they he placed at the prom-
inent business centers or circulated personally by
gentlemen who feel an interest in the reform, so that
all who desire to add the weight of their names in
behalf of this important measure may have every
reasonable facility for so doing.
It is further suggested that each postmaster will
personally see that the petition or petitions (so circu-
lated and signed within the delivery of his office) be
forwarded to the United States Senator. Represent-
ative, or Delegate in Congress representing hisStatc,
distsict, or Territory as early as the 1st day of Feb-
ruary, 1ST0, to the end thai the question may receive
early and due consideration at the present session
of the national Legislature.
\7. H. II. TERRELL,
Third Assistant Postmaster General. _
Post Office Department,
Washington, Veeemher 20,1863.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, as sev-
eral Senators have referred to the necessity of
stopping the circulation of public documents
as consequent upon abolishing the franking
privilege, I desire to state now that the Com-
mittee on Printing will shortly submit to the
Senate a bill to abolish entirely the popular
distribution of public documents ; and I hope
it will meet the approbation of the Senate. _
As I am on my feet, I will say that I think
the Postmaster General has rendered a very
acceptable service when he has asked the post-
masters to consult the people of their vicinities
on this matter. I do not suppose that anybody
in Nebraska, I know that nobody in Rhode
Island, has signed such petitions unwillingly.
I do not suppose the postmaster goes with mar-
tial law to compel the people to sign these peti-
tions, but merely presents them to the people
and they sign or not as they see fit. It seems to
me it is as fair an expression of popular opinion
as petitions usually are when they come here.
All petitions are signed pretty readily. I do
not believe these are signed move readily than
others.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on Post Oiikes and Post Roads.
41ST CONC. :;O 3!!.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to call up
Senate bill No. 114, to enforce the fourteenth
amendment. It is a carefully prepared bill,
reported by the Judiciary Committee, and is
now on the table. I presume no one will ob-
ject to it. I should like to call it up now and
have action upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope we shall be al-
lowed to go through with the morning busi-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has not yet been concluded.
Mr. STEWART. I presume there will be
no discussion on the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. There are some bills to
be introduced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 114.
Mr. CASSERLY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the motion cannot be entertained at this
time. Petitions and memorials are still in
order.
Mr. COLE. I present a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of California relat-
ing to the disposition of the public lands there.
I will state in presenting this resolution that
I offered a bill a few days ago covering the
ground that is covered in the resolution that I
now present. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BORE^IAN presented the petition of
John G. Arnold and others, of Jacksonville,
West Virginia, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege ; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petitions of
Robert W. Figg, of Madison county, Alabama;
JohnM. Powers, of Tuscumbia, Colbert county,
Alabama; L. Ii. Davis, of Limestone, Ala-
bama; Joseph Rice and Levi Hinds, of Mad-
ison county, Alabama ; and Robert B. Lind-
say, of Tuscumbia, Colbert county, Alabama,
praying to be relieved from their political dis-
abilities ; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. FOWLER presented the petition of
Catharina Hunter, of Charleston, Tennessee,
praying to be allowed a pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of George H.
Morgan, ThomasH. Butler, Austin H. Morgan,
Daniel M. Morgan, William Hawkins, William
W. McCue, Job M. Morgan, of Gainesboro,
Tennessee, praying for the removal of their
political disabilities ; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. WARNER. 1 present the petition of
the president and managers of the Industrial
Home School_ of Washington, praying that a
portion of the money that may be appropriated
for the relief of the poor of the District may
be given to them to carry on the work com-
menced. I will state that, inmy judgment, they
have adopted the true system of charity, which
is to enable poor people to find work rather
than giving actual alms. I ask that the memo-
rial be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama desires this petition to be reported to
the Senate. The Chair hears no objection, and
the Secretary will report it.
The Secretary read the petition, as follows:
To the honorable members of the Senate
in Congress asseiitbled:
Vt'e, the managers of the Industrial Home School,
petition you for a portion of the money that may bo
appropriated by you for the relief of the poor of the
District to enable them to carry oil the work com-
menced. We organized in December, 1S07, a school
for the poor children of the District, and since that
time it has been sustained only by the most unremit-
ting and persevering efforts. \V o give a substantial
dinner daily, elorhing as it is needed, and homes to
the homeless, as tar as our limited means willpermii.
Two workshops are connected with the school,
where these children have an opportunityto learn
useful trades. At the " paper-shop" there is con-
stantly a large amount of work suitable for children
over nine years of age, such as oyster-boxes, prize-
candy boxes, cigar-cases, &c.; also acarpenter-shop,
in w£ich we have a turning-lathe, where a great
variety of wood-work is made.
The shops earn enough to pay the superintendents,
but the expenses for teacher, rent, clothing, and
housekeeping have been met with the greatest diffi-
culty.
We think the poor should be taught to work
rather than to live in idleness, receiving temporary-
relief doled out in sufficient quantities to keep them
from starvation without affording any real comfort.
Charity bestowed in this way is demoralizing. The
low class of poor are contented to passively wait in
idleness, and have often been known to refuse work
when offered them, and wo have repeatedly had
great trouble to persuade the parents to allow the
children to work.
We pay all those that work two cents an hour in
clothing. We have had an average of fifty pupils
during the cold weather, and we know they have
come from the most degraded and destitute homes
possible to imagine. If your honorable body will
appoint a committee to investigate the merits of our
institution we feel sure we shall not be refused, and
unless wo can reccive some substantial encourage-
ment, the work must be abandoned.
Managers.
President, H. D. Cooke.
First Vice President, A. M. Gangewer.
Second Vice President, A. B. Atkins.
Secretary and Treasurer, William L. Waller.
Mrs. II. W. Blackford.
Mrs. A. M. Gangewer.
Mrs. 3VI. H. Doolittle.
Mrs. J. E. Noursc.
Mrs. Robert Phipps.
Mr. WARNER: I move the reference of
this petition to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. COLE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John A.
Sutter bo taken from tho files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. ROBERTSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Charles
A. Pitcher be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That tho petition of Walter Crane be
withdrawn from tho files of the Senate and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. THAYER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mrs. Ana M. Robl<t,s
y Kobaldo, widow of E. Robaldo, asking to bo paid
for certain property destroyed by American troops
in Mexico by order of their commanding officer in
the late war with Mexico, be taken from the files of
the Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 4l9) allowing parties in certain cases
to testify, which provides that the laws of the
several States for the time being wherein United
States courts are held shall govern the United
States courts as to the competency of witnesses
in criminal cases, have instructed me to report
it back adversely upon the ground that the
committee is of opinion that it would be
dangerous to authorize the States to prescribe
the modes of testimony for offenses against the
United States in the United States courts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless there
should be some dissent the bill will be re-
garded as indefinitely postponed; and it is so
ordered.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mi'. CARPENTER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 411) to exempt from taxation the Taylor
Orphan Asylum, in the State of Wisconsin;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, aud by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 98) tcauthorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue an American register
to the bark Live Oak; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE. 1 ask leave to introduce a bill
without previous notice for the relief of Sam-
