562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
uel Adams, to accompany the papers that I
introduced this morning; and I desire to have
it read and referred to the same committee,
the Committee on Claims.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 412) to pay Samuel
Adams for services rendered in exploring the
Colorado river and its tributaries ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 413) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in the State of Florida;
wbich was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 414) declaring the construction of an
act to incorporate the National Theological
Institute, approved May 10, 1860, and also an
act to amend an act entitled "An act to in-
corporate the National Theological Institute,
and to define and extend the powers of the
same," approved May 2,1867; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, aud ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ItOSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
415) granting lands to the State of Kansas to
aid in the construction of the St. Louis, Law-
rence, and Denver railroad and telegraph line ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 416)
to provide for a building at Topeka, Kansas,
for a post office, land office, court-room, and
revenue offices; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Such bills have
generally been referred to the Committee on
Appropriations. Does the Senator desire it
to go to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads ?
Mr. ROSS. No, sir ; let it go to whatever
is the most appropriate committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At the suggestion
of the chairman of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads these bills have gen-
erally been referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and this one will be so referred
if there be no objection, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ROSS also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 99) for the extension of the
Union Pacific railroad, southern branch, and
for a grant of land to aid in the construction
thereof; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask leave, without pre-
vious notice, to introduce a joint resolution,
and I desire to submit with it a memorial and
certain papers. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be read, printed, and referred, with the
accompanying papers, to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce ajoint resolution (S. R. No. 100)
for therelief of Chauncey M. Lockwood; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to introduce
a bill, which I have received from a citizen of
my State, relating to the same line of rail-
road that my colleague has introduced a bill for.
My custom has been to introduce any bill that
may be sent to me, so that all parties interested
may be fairly heard before the committee, and
with that view I introduce this bill.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 41V) granting lands
to the State of Kansas to aid in building the
Republican syalley railroad and telegraph;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
418) to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
mote the progress of the useful arts, and to, re-
peal all act and parts of acts heretofore made
for that purpose," approved July 4, 1836;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 419) to expedite the settlement of con-
tests among settlers on the public lands, and
for other purposes ; which was .read twice by
its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am a little at a loss
as to what committee that bill should be re-
ferred ; but as it will make a change in the
mode of determining controversies in regard
to lands among settlers, I think it had better
go the Committee on Public Lands, in the first
instance at any rate. It provides for transfer-
ring these contests to the courts, and I think
it should be considered first, at any rate, by the
Committee on Public Lands; and I move it be
so referred and printed. I wish to say that
the bill is drafted by a third party and handed
to me, and I do not feel committed to its pro-
visions at all.
Mr. POMEROY. Does it change the exist-
ing law ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would change the
existing law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
PRIVATE BILL DAY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
Senate resolutions to present the morning hour
business is exhausted.
Mr. WILLEY. I offered an order the other
day which I should be glad to have taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia calls up the order submitted by
him on the 14th instant, which will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Ordered, That every Friday during the present ses-
sion of the Senate, after the morning hour, be set
apart for the consideration of business coming from
the Committee on the District of Columbia, the Com-
mittee on Claims, and the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office, in the order in which said com-
mittees are herein named.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend from
West Virginia will not object to an amend-
ment which I propose to make to that order ;
and that is, to insert in the proper place, say
second on the list, the Committee on Pensions.
My friend from West Virginia is aware that a
great many private pension bills have to be
reported where the widows and orphans are
in necessitous circumstances, and which really
ought to be considered immediately; and I
think that can be done without injury to the
business of the Senate. I therefore propose
to add the Committee on Pensions after the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WILLEY. I do not object to that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the Senator from
West Virginia will not object to an amend-
ment adding the Committee on Private Land
Claims at the end of the resolution, so that
if there is time the business of that commit-
tee may also be considered.
Mr. WILLEY. I do not object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands there is no objection, and the two com-
mittees will be added as indicated.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to hear the
order reported again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
.ported as modified.
The Secretary read as follows:
Ordered, That every Friday during the present
session of the Senate, after the morning hour, be set
apart for the consideration of business coming from
the Committee on the District of Columbia, the Com-
mittee on Pensions, the Committee on Claims, the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office, and the
Committee on Private Land Claims, m the order m
which said committees are herein named.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the order as modified.
Mr. HOWE. I think the first committee
named there should be omitted.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is more important
than all the rest put together.
Mr. HOWE. That is not so certain ; but
if it were true I should still be inclined to think
it ought to be omitted. The business of the
District of Columbia has generally been taken
up at times agreed upon beforehand, when the
officers of the District could be present, and a
series of days have been devested to the con-
sideration of that business. I do not know
that it makes any difference to the Senate—it
certainly does not to me—if it is more con-
venient for the Senate to have a specified day
for that business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was the former
practice.
Mr. HOWE. Not for that committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, it was.
Mr. HOWE. Well, I shall not object.
Mr. CONKLING. The objection which I
see to this order is diminished by every com-
mittee that is added to it, and for this reason:
if a private bill day is established here those
who hare been in other bodies where there are
private bill days will not be taken by surprise
when they find a large portion of the Senate
engaged on those days in doing something be-
sides attending to legislative business. The
morning hour on Friday expires and every
Senator whose committee is not by any possi-
bility to be called, or rather whose committee
is not to report, and the business of whose com-
mittee is not to be considered on that day, and
who feels no special responsibility or interest
in these private bills, will in a certain sense
deem himself absolved from the obligation to
attend and the obligation to act. Thus, fix such
an order as you may, it is to operate as a license
of absenteeism to a considerable part of the
body, while the residue of the body, including
all Senators who especially are interested in
the matters to be considered, will remain for the
purpose of transacting business. I appreciate
entirely the wish of Senators to have some fixed
time when business which by reason of its'not
having that general public'character interesting
to all is likely to be ignored can be considered;
but I doubt very much whether we are not pro-
ceeding from bad to worse by establishing a day
which, in the language of this order, shall be
given up exclusively, for that is to be the effect
of it, after the morning hour, to certain kinds
of business. If the order were that on that day
it should be in order always to move to proceed
to the consideration of this business 
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is in order now.
Mr. CONKLING. I know it is in order
now; but what I mean is, if the order were
such that the chairmen of these committees
would have preference with their motions that
would be a milder form of this proposition;
but if I understand the effect of the order pro-
posed it is to devote absolutely Friday, after
the morning hour, to these limited and excep-
tional classcs of business. I do not wish to
object to it except so fa,r as my suggestion con-
stitutes an objection: but I make it hoping
the Senate will consider whether it is wise.
Mr. WILLEY. I cannot reply as I think
I might to the remarks of the Senator from
New York if we are to vote on the order be-
fore one o'clock. My experience haabeen that
we have spent more time in efforts, and most
frequently vain efforts, to interject these pri-
vate bills in the regular order of business than
it would have taken legitimately to dispose of
them. I can hardly suppose that it is true that
