1874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
hundredths per cent. After the deduction of
all expenses, the payment of all taxes, their
net profits amount to thirteen and sixty-three
hundredths per cent.
He gives-the returns from fourteen hundred
and ninety-two banks, being all the dividend-
paying banks, and the net profits of those
institutions for six months are six and eighty-
eight hundredths per cent., making, if the
profits for the remaining six months were the
same, the sum of thirteen and seventy-six hun-
dredths per cent, per annum. All these banks
have not returned their second dividend, only
five hundred and odd have, and the net profits
of those returned are six and seventy five hun-
dredths. If the other banks made profit at the
same rate, then, as I said before, the average
net profits of these banking institutions have
been for the last year thirteen and sixty-three
hundredths per cent. That is clear of all ex-
penses of taxes, State and national, of every
expense of every description.
But now, sir, this report shows what I was
quite confident it would show, that so far from
the country banks, the little banks in the coun-
try, of which we have heard so much, being the
banks that make the least profit, they are the
banks that make the most; and I can take
bank after bank at cross-roads and in little vil-
lages in the western States—and I have no
doubt it is so elsewhere—whose profits are
from eighteen to twenty per cent, per year, as is
shown by this report.
Now, is there any reason in the world that
we should allow new bauking institutions
these immense facilities for making money at
this rate more than anybody else can make if
he uses capital, and at the same time allow
them to receive interest at the rate of four
and a half or five per cent, on the. bonds they
may deposit? I voted yesterday for the prop-
osition of the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] to compel the existing banks
to deposit four per cent, bonds. I think that
proposition ought to have been adopted. I
hope to see it renewed in the Senate when this
bill shall come out of committee, and hope it
may be adopted. But if we let that stand,
there is no reason in the world why, in respect
to these new institutions to be erupted under
this section, we should allow them any greater
privilege than that of depositing a four per
cent. bond.
I do not like this section at all. I would
like to see the whole of it stricken ont. If,
however, it is to stand, I hope it will not be
amended as the Senator from Wisconsiu pro-
poses. I say I do not like it. It is another
one of the means of contracting the currency.
How is it? For every national bank note that
is to be issued under this section there is to be
a dollar of greenbacks canceled. Then the
circulation that can be issued under this sec-
tion can never exceed the amount of outstand-
ing greenbacks, because there can be no more
circulation issued than there are greenbacks to
be issued. That is the firstthing.
But in the mean time in practice how will it
work ? A bank is created under this section
with $50,000 capital, as you have amended it
now. It gets $50,000 of circulation, but it
must keepja reserve of fifteen per cent., I think,
of greenbacks, so that sot only are $50,000
of greenbacks canceled, but fifteen per cent,
of the amount of other greenbacks is with-
drawn from circulation and kept as a reserve
in the bank; and so with every bank that is
organized. You retire by that means from
circulation, not by payment, but lock up in the
vaults of the bank fifteen per cent, in green-
backs, and to that extent contract the cur-
rency, without having paid off or canceled the
greenbacks at all. The whole operation of
this section, then, will be not to keep the cur-
rency at what it is, not to pay off the green-
backs that are not canceled, but to lock up in
the vaults of the bank the reserve in greenbacks
which by the banking act must be kept. I
should like to see the whole section stricken
ont, and for the purpose of testing the sense
of the Senate, at the proper time I think I
shall make that motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we had better
take a recess for an hour.
Several Senators. Say two hours.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we can get
through in that time.
Mr. CAMERON. I will say two hours. I
move that the Senate take a recess until half
past seven o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to state a fact to
the Senator from Pennsylvania. Several Sen-
ators have gone away with the expectation of
returning in a siiort time. They have gone out
temporarily. I do not think it is fair after a
public announcement had been made that we
were to go on now to make this motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no desire to inter-
fere with .the chairman. I thought my motion
would expedite his business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we bad better
one by one go to get something to eat.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to remark that it was
the Nestor of the Senate who agreed to sit this
bill out to-day, and without any recess at all.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not know who is the
Nestor of the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. It was publicly stated this
morning on the floor of the Senate that the
Senator from Pennsylvania was the Nestor of
the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not think it was. I
think it was some older man. It might have
been the gentleman from Missouri. [Laugh-
ter.] This I do know, that I myself agreed to
sit this bill out, not, however, without an ad-
journment or a recess for dinuer. I will agree
to come back and sit this bill out just so long
as the chairman of the Finance Committee
desires that anybody shall stay here. I think
we had better go and get our dinners now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves that the Senate take
a recess until half past seven o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 18, noes 27.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I want to say
to the Senator from Ohio and to the Senate
that my purpose in moving this amendment is
not to increase the profits of the banks. I
want to say to the Senate that I did not stop to
consider last evening whether the banks were
making more money than they ought or not
when I voted on the proposition to amend the
eighth section. I suppose the banks of the
United States have been doing very well. I
know a great many worthy citizens of the
United States have been doing well, making
money, who are not. engaged in banking. I
have been guided so far in my life by one rule,
that the fact that my neighbor is making money
pretty fast is not a good reason why 1 should
steal from him, ana therefore I was not any
more anxious to deprive the banks of a part
of their property because they were making
money fast.
Now, I agree to what the Senator from Ohio
says, that this provision, as it stands, does not
do the slightest injustice to the new banks,
because they do not exist, and yon cannot do
injustice to them. But I will tell you what it
does do injustice to. It does injustice to the
debtor class of this country, who are the ones
to be jammed when you contract the circula-
tion, and who are the ones to be relieved and
benefited by any measure that you may pro-
vide to prevent a contraction of the currency.
Now, by the provisions of the third section
you insist upon giving to the holders of these
legal-tender notes the right to convert them
into four per cent, bonds, and so withdraw
them from circulation. To the extent that
that is done the circulation will be contracted
unless it is supplied by a new bank circulation
authorized by the tenth section. If you will
adopt my amendment the inducements to sup-
ply the retiring greenbacks with these national
bank notes will be increased, and you will have
an additional security against that contraction
which is going to injure the debtor class.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Wis-
consin says that under the third section of this
bill the greenbacks will be funded in four per
cents. The greenbacks that are funded in four
per cents, cannot be reissued by the Govern-
ment. The proviso at the close of section three
prevents that. Very well, then ; now suppose
that $200,000 of greenbacks be funded in four
per cents.; will you have any relief under sec-
tion ten ? Not the least bit in the world, be-
cause you can only issue as many bank notes
under section ten as there are greenbacks to
be canceled, and those will be only the remain-
ing greenbacks that are not funded in the four
per cents., because those that are funded in the
four per cents, are effectually paid off.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Wisconsin to the
absolute necessity, in case his amendment
should be adopted, of our changing the tenth
section so as to require coin to be deposited
as the basis of the new banks instead of notes.
The whole theory of the tenth section is on
the idea that legal tenders may be filed, and
upon those legal tenders bonds issued. The
only bonds that can issue for legal tenders are
the four per cent, bonds. If the Senator's
amendment prevails, I shall have to offer an
amendment, as a matter of course, to require
coin to be filed for these bonds.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator mnst be mis-
taken. Here is a distinct provision by itself;
it says that any holders of the greenbacks may,
if they have got $50,000 of them, put them
into the Treasury and take out these four per
cent, bonds and deposit the bonds as security
for bank circulation. Now, my amendment is
to allow them to take in equal proportions the
three different kinds of bonds provided here.
The Senator from Ohio says that this will
not prevent the contraction of the circulation
which is provided for in the third section. It
will not wholly protect us against it. It will
have just this effect: if $20,000,000 of green-
backs are funded under the third section, there
i3 a contraction of the circulation. Clearly
so. Suppose the community become sensible
of that; suppose distress follows, prices depre-
ciate, debtors suffer, capitalists see that there
is an opportunity to be employed in issuing
bank circulation ; then they resort to the pro-
visions of the tenth section.
Now, I want the provisions of the tenth sec-
tion such as that they shall be enabled to enter
upon that business upon terms as favorable as
the existing banks can. Just to the extent that
yon cripple them you deter them from coming
in to supply this want and relieving this distress.
Let that provision stand as it is, and let the
time come when this country is suffering for a
want of circulation, and let them point to your
statute and say that the wants of the country
could be provided for if it were not for your
desire to protect the existing banks which have
had a monopoly of this business of banking
since this law was first invented, that for the
purpose of protecting these banks you refused
to extend the privilege of banking on equal
terms with them, there may be a noise some-
where. There ought to be.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If any emergency arises,
as the Senator from Wisconsin contemplates,
there is no sort of doubt in my mind that there
would be millions of capital in this country that
would go into the business of banking on these
four per cent, bonds, because whenever there
is great demand for money, of course there is
more profit in banking. This section as it now
stands encourages the investment of banking
capital in four per cent, bonds. It adds value
in consequence to these bonds, and we wish to
have as much of the indebtedness as possible
in these lour per cent, bonds. I am satisfied
that the banking of this couutry can be con-
ducted with a profit to the men concerned upon
bonds bearing four per cent, iuterest.
Sir, do not men do a private banking bust-
