ma
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5651
By the supreme court of Missouri, in St.
Louis County Court vs. Sparks, (10 Mo., 121,)
■where the court say:
"When the appointing power has made an ap-
pointment, and   person is appointed who has not
the quaiitscarions required by Jaw, the appointment
is not therefore void. The person appoiB ted is de facto
m officer: his acts in the discharge of his duties are
valid and binding." * * * * "Astatute
luesctibiug qualification to an office is merely direct-
ory, and although an appointee does not possess the
requisite qualifications, his appoint merit is not there-
fore void unless it is so expressly enacted."
There is another and still stronger case bear-
ing on this point, which was decided by the
supreme court of California. Jn that case an
alien had been elected to the office of member
of the council of San Francisco, and while he
was acting in that capacity there was passed
by his vote an important ordinance under which
large rights of property were acquired. The
validity of the ordinance was called in question
upon the ground that he was not validly a mem-
ber of that council, that be was constitutionally
in that case ineligible. The supreme court of
California (Scatterlee vs. San Francisco, 23
Gala., 314) held that he was an officer de facto,
and that while he held the office his acts must
be regarded as valid and binding so far as third
persons and the public were concerned. The
court used this language:
" While heheld the office he was an officer de facto,
and his acts as sueli were entitled to credit accord-
ingly."
If, therefore, we concede all Mr. Julian's
friends claim in reference to these officers,
still, iti the absence of fraud charged and
proven, their acts are strictly legal and valid,
and must be sustained. In the light of these
adjudicated eases the claim itself becomes friv-
olous and a mere pretext.
There is no direct proof of fraud at the south
poll in the record. The entire board were put
under oath, and testified that there was no
fraud; that the box was not stuffed, or even in
any way tampered with by anybody. It could
not have been, except by the board or with
their cooperation, connivance, or knowledge.
The majority of the officers were Republicans,
and it is not to be assumed that if they had
attempted any fraud it would have been in the
interests of Democrats ; that they would have
stuffed with Democratic ballots. That would
be such a strained, if not absurd inference as
to excite doubt of its sincerity. Indeed, I
believe it is not pretended that there were at
that poll too many Democratic votes, but only
that Mr. Reid received too many Republican
votes. If that fact can be reconciled with a
lawful purpose on the part of the electors it is
the duty of the House so to construe it. What
was that lawful intention? It was manifestly
to defeat Mr. Julian. He was not an accept-
able candidate. It is notorious that he was
unsatisfactory to his own party, and was un-
popular generally, and such is the clear bear-
ing of the testimony. In the absence of clear
and conclusive evidence, therefore, the ballots
on which his name is scratched, or Mr. Reid's
is substituted for his, ought to be accepted as
witnesses of the desire of the electors to defdat
him, and not as evidence of fraud or attempts
to commit fraud.
The latter construction is justified by no prin-
ciple of law, and under the circumstances of
this case would be grossly unjust to Mr. Reid.
There is not in the entire record a breath of
suspicion cast upon the integrity or propri-^
ety of conduct of Mr. Reid. On the other"
hand, there is evidence of the willingness of
the political friends of Mr. Julian to henpar-
ties to violations of thelawand to frauds upon
the election in order to promote his interests.
Then, it is not impertinent here to state that
since that election, and since the testimony in
thiscase was closed,several Republicanelectors
of Wayne county who voted for Mr. Julian have
voluntarily stated under oath that the north
poll of Richmond was stuffed for Mr. J uiian at
that, election, and that his political friends, with
his knowledge and approval, tried to stuff the
ballot-boxes at the south poll and failed. Rich-
mond is in "Wayne county, where Mr. .Julian
resides, Mr. Reid's residence being in another
county. Under all these circumstances, it
seems incredible that Mr. Julian should base
any claim to hold a seat in this House upon
such vague allegations of fraud against the
political friends of Mr. Reid. He should find
better grounds of claim, or confess his lack of
title and surrender the seat he occupies to its
rightful owner.
Let us look at some more of his inferences
of frauds, in the absence of direct proof. The
returned vote for Mr. Julian, rejecting the south
poll, was 13,413, and for Mr. Reid 13,297, giv-
ing Mr. Julian a majority of 110. But counting
the south poll, which gave Mr. Julian 470 votes
and Mr. Reid 670, the latter has a majority of 85.
The total registration in the district was about
30,000 votes. The aggregate vote cast for
Governor was 28,200, and for Congress 27,861.
The registered vote of'Richmond, or Wayne
township, embracing the city, was 2,859, and
the vote cast was only 2,744. The falling
off on the congressional vote was against Mr.
Julian, and further evidences his unpopularity
as a candidate. But he claims it is evidence of
fraud. If it is, then there has been a singular
repetition of like frauds in his district during
the past ten years. The people of his district
have either fallen into a habit of perpetrating
frauds against bsm, or he has a curious habit of
running behind his ticket. As a candidate for
Congress in 1860 he ran behind his ticket 532,
and in 1862 he lagged 1,218, and in 1864 he fell
behind 1,064, and in 1866 he was distanced on
his own ticket by other candidates 1,396; and
yet in 1868, the election in question, he only
fell behind 612 votes: but if the district had
been constituted as it was at former elections
he would undoubtedly have fallen behind very
much more.
Thus it appears itis no new thing for Mr. J ulian
to receive less votes than the general ticket of
his party, and it is therefore absurd to attempt
to draw any conclusion of fraud from such
facts. The truth is, when justly and impartially
considered in connection with the evidence and
the facts, an exactly contrary conclusion is
demanded, and the claim of Mr. Reid is really
sustained and strengthened thereby. He re-
ceived more votes than his ticket, because
he was a popular and acceptable candidate,
and Mr. Julian less, for the reason that he
was not such a candidate. Besides, while Gov-
ernor Baker carried the district by a major-
ity of 799 votes, and President Grant by a
majority of 1,227 votes in 1868, the majority
of the committee cannot by any sort of arith-
metic elect Mr. Julian by over 64 votes. This
is just ground of strength for Mr. Reid's claim.
On every band the popular weakness of his
competitor is apparent.
But, Mr. Speaker, I insist that it is demon-
strable, upon the report of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cessna,] and the testimony,
that Mr. Reid and not Mr. Julian is elected.
He claims in his report, from pages 14 to 19,
inclusive, that Mr. Julian received at the south
poll 551. This includes his returned vote of
475, and also 76 additional votes claimed to
have been cast for him and to have been so
proved. But a fair and judicial examination
of each of said alleged additional votes very
cleariy shows that the claim is excessive, and
that upon the most liberal construction of the
testimony it cannot be made to exceed 44 votes.
The 2 votes cast at the south poll by mistake,
which should have been cast at the north poll,
cannot be rejected on any legal principle.
They are conceded to have possessed every
qualification for electors in the township, and
to have voted in good faith and without illegal
or fraudulent intent; and their only offense
consists in the fact that they voted on the
wrong side of a street which was the boundary
between the precincts. Then it follows that
the account will stand thus:
Reid's returned vote 13,297
Error in Union county, admitted in majority
report,  5
Returned vote at south poll 1,183, less the vote
returned (475) and proved (44) for Mr. Juliin,
making 519  ffH
JVIaking Mr. Reid's entire vote., 13,966
Julian's returned vote.... 13,413
His vote at south poll  475
His votes proved aliunde  44
 13;932
Making a clear majority for Reid of.  31
But, in addition to these votes, Mr. Reid is
beyond all question entitled to credit for 23
instead of 5, as error in Union county. His
majority would then be 52. Thus it appears
to me absolutely clear, upon the basis adopted
by my colleague, [Mr. Cessna,] that Mr. Reid
is elected by a safe majority, and should have
the verdict of the House to that effect..
It may, however, be contended that Mr. Reid
is not entitled to have counted for him all the
votes at the south poll which are not proved
to have been cast for Mr. Julian. There would
have been some ground for this position if Mr.
Julian had proved less voles to have been cast
for him than were returned by the officers for
him, or if Mr. Reid had attempted, as Mr.
Julian did, to prove how many votes were cast
for him without reference to the returns, and
had failed to establish as many as the returns
gave him. But these emergencies do notarise
ont of the case. Mr. Julian alone undertook,
in his own behalf, to purge the poll and prove
just what votes he did receive, and he proved
a few more than the officers gave him. Upon
settled rules of law. all he did not so prove
must be counted for Mr. Reid, unless there is
proof of positive fraud, which vitiates and cor-
rupts the whole return, poll and all. But this
is not the case. Therefore the returned vote
for Mr. Julian (475) and the proved vote (44)
taken from the whole poll determine Mr. Reid's
vote at the south poll to be 664, or a majority
over Julian of 45 at that poll. This rule is
adopted by the supreme court of Indiana in
the case of Wheat vs. Ragsdale, 27 Indiana
Reports, page —. An analysis of the state-
ments of facts and of the application of the law
to them by the court in that case fully sustains
my adoption of the rule in this case. I will
not now take time to make this analysis. It
is not needful. Any gentleman can examine
the case.
It is proper for me here further to state that
the testimony shows that the tickets cast at
the south poll were not destroyed, changed,
or tampered with after the election, but were
carefully preserved, and afford by inspection
very conclusive evidence that they fully and
justly disclose the real state of that poll and
negative entirely the allegation of fraud. Even
Mr. Julian's own attorney, in making up this
record, Mr. Lewis D. Stubbs, testified in the
case to the effect that the tickets remained
intact and without interference.
I will read a part of his deposition on this
point, because it is important and shows that
the election was fairly conducted, and that the
voting by Republicans against Mr. Julian must
have been voluntary and upon deliberate pur-
pose. In reference to the tickets, Mr. Stubbs
says:
"Question. Examine the tickets now shown you,
and marked'Exhibit 0,' and state what knowledge,
if any, you have with reference to the same.
"Answer. I saw a lot of tickets, I presume to bo
the same, on the Saturday following the October
election, 1S68; many of them X e;Vn identify as the
tickets that I saw then; I saw them afterward thi ee
times, twice in the office of William Parry, J;ownship
justice, and once in the office of Thomas N. Young,
mayor of the city of Richmond, "\Vayne county, In-
diana. Tile firs! time, 1 examined the tickets with
a view of ascertaining thy number of Republican
tickets with the name of Reid printed on the same
instead of Julian, and the number of tickets with tho
name of Julian erased and the name of Reid writ-
ten theieon, and the number of Republican ticket*
with the name of Julian erased, and no other cama
