1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1875
ness and make money ? Suppose a man has
$100,000, and he proposes to engage iu private
bauking; he takes the money, engages in the
business, aud makes a profit. Few men en-
gage in private banking with $100,000 capital
who do not make more or less money. Now,
a man can take his $100,000 capital and he can
put it into a four per cent, bond and have that
amount draw interest in gold at four per cent,
per annum ; and then he has $80,000 of note3
with which he can do business as a banker.
So, then, in addition to the money that he can
make on his $80,000 in the transaction of a
banking business, he gets an interest in gold
of four per cent, per annum on $100,000. It
does seem to me that there is no danger, if
there is a great demand in the country, but
that the business of banking can be conducted
ou these bonds.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask my
friend from Oregon a question. A man has
$100,000; he puts it into four per cent, bonds,
on which he gets $4,000 interest. The Gov-
ernment taxes as they now stand are four and
a lialf per cent
Mr. SHERMAN. No.
Mr. MORTON. The State and national
taxes are fonr and a half per cent.
Mr. CAMERON. More than that
Mr. MORTON. Four and forty-four hun-
dredths per cent, is the State and national
taxes put together.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont They vary in
different States.
Mr. MORTON. I am taking the average
throughout the United States, as returned by
the Comptroller of the Currency. Then, as
the case now stands, ou the average the taxes
will exceed the interest that he gets on his
bonds a fraction. Thus he gets eighty per
cent in notes—$80,000 that he bauks on. In-
asmuch as his entire interest on his bonds
ig licked up by the taxes, and he has only
$80,000 of currency to bank upon, the ques-
tion is whether it would not have been better
for him to take the original $100,000 he put
into bonds and bank on that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the Senator from
Ohio yesterday exposed the fallacy of that argu-
ment If a man owns $100,000 in the State
of Ohio in money he is subject to State and
national taxation", and at the same rate pre-
cisely as though he was engaged in banking.
I suppose that on account of the franchise he
receives there is a little something added to his
taxes, but it is an inconsiderable amount on
account of the business of banking. If he had
$100,000 in money when he undertook to com-
mence business and the State taxes are two per
cent., he would pay $2,000 upon that $100,000;
if the tax of the United States is one and a
half per cent., he pays $1,500 more on that
$100,000. Now the taxes upon the business
of banking are very little more than they would
pay upon the $100,000 without the business of
banking, so that the argument amounts to noth-
ing. The banker gets his interest at four per
cent on his $100,000 and he pays a little more
tax on that than he otherwise would; and then
he has $80,000 of notes with which to engage in
the business of speculation, in which the banks
are chiefly engaged—loaning*and trading, and
purchasing and selling. So it appears that a
bank correctly conducted can make more money
out of $100,000 with which to start than a pri-
vate citizen can with $100,000.
Mr. CAMERON. I had in tunes gone by
some little experience in private banking, as
well as in public banking. I have been advis-
ing the banks in which I have had a little stock,
for the last three years to give up their fran
chise, for this reason: banks are always an
object of jealousy, and taxes are constantly
increased on them. The Senator from Indi-
ana is correct in saying that the year before
last the average taxation, State and national,
was four and a third per cent.
Mr. MORTON. Four and forty-four hun-
dredths.
Mr. CAMERON. Not quite that: but last
year, I understand from gentlemen who have
looked into the question of taxation, it was
about eight per cent. We had a private bank
in Harrisbnrg which we turned into a national
bank to gratify the Secretary of the Treasury,
I think, more than for any other purpose. I
do not mean to say how much profit the gen-
tlemen concerned made out of it; but that
bank never made as much money since as it
did when it was a private bank.
If I had $100,000 to put into the banking
business I could make a great deal more money ,
out of it as a private banker than I could under .
this system as a national bank. This four or
four and a half per cent, interest on the bonds
brought down to eighty cents on the dollar,
makes about three and a half per cent, that
the banks get from the Government on this
issue. From that they have to pay a tax of |
five percent, consuming it all and more. If i
the concern belongs to you as a private insti- t
tution you are not subjected to all the scrutiny j
a public iustitution is, and you use your money ,
as any private gentleman would do at home, or \
as any merchant would do, and make the most
of it; and you would pay no tax except your
income tax. That is the secret of it. I will (
undertake to make twice as much out of ,
$100,000 as a private banker, and so can any
1 gentleman in the business, as a national bank
can with a capital of $100,000 ; and then I
shouldbe under nobody's censureand nobody's
scrutiny.
I said the other day that the whole of this
bill is calculated to break down the small
bauks. Rely upon it that will be the effect. No
' small bank, with $50,000 or $100,000 capital,
can live under this bill, if you compel them to
take these bonds at this low rate. They have
made profits heretofore from various causes,
which it is not necessary that I should enumer-
ate, but among other causes they got a large
premium on their gold. When a large bank,
of $2,000,000 capital, in the city of Philadel-
phia, got one hundred per cent, on its gold
. interest paid by the Government, it doubled its
' interest and laid by a large surplus, out of
which, I suppose, it has been making dividends j
since. But there has been none of that profit j
! lately, and taxes have been increased* as they j
! alwayB will be increasing. Thfe condition of i
i the banks reminds me of a story told to me in '
! Ohio when I was a young man. They had a
j husking frolic, which a long while ago in Ohio ;
| was a great occasion with the country people,
i The farmers' sons came there, and they were
| received with great attention. But after the
husking was done, and the supper was to be
! eaten, there was a poor bound boy working on ,
the same farm who was not invited, and who ;
complained of it They all said, '' You have i
; no right to complain, you have no friends, you
are onlya bound boy." The banks are treated
! as a bound boy, and have been for the last
thirty-five years. I do not mean to be offensive,
i but I say that whenever a demagogue wanted
' to make himself popular with other dema-
gogues he would decry the banks, and they
became so unpopular that hardly a man would
speak well of them. Nobody would treat them
any better than the bound boy was treated;
no one would say that the banks should go to
the feast and have any honors at all. That
began in the time of General Jackson.
But it is folly that I should talk now when
= time is precious, and I do not want to do it.
i I only rose to make this prediction: that you
are now legislating in the interest of the large
banks in the large towns of the country, and
! you are going to drive out of usefulness the
country banks of the interior. I regret that,
not because the little banks will sufiePj lor it
they are in the hands of wise men and able
men they will make money, because capital is
always able to make money ; but the banks
have been the most serviceable agencies since
this Government has been established in saving
1 its credit, in taking its loans, and inducing the
people to take its loans when capitalists would
not do it. I am sure if the gentleman who was
Secretary of the Treasury six years ago were
here, the same gentleman who established these
institutions, he would tell you that but for the
banks he never could have got his system es-
tablished at all. I am sure that the operation
of this bill against the banks would not have
been attempted if there was not a belief that
the big banks have maws enough to take up all
this bank capital, and the little banks are of
no account. But you will find that it is a great
deal better to have twenty small friends than
one big one. The country banks have an influ-
ence all around them everywhere which is po-
tential, and when you come to resume specie
payments you will want the machinery of these
banks everywhere throughout the country to
give credit to your issues and to enable you to
withstand the demands that will be made upon
your Treasury.
If you would withdraw to-day your $300,-
000,000 of greenbacks, or whatever the amount
may be, and decide that on the 1st of next
May you would resume specie payments, by
having all this machinery of the country banks
around you you could do it, because it would
be the interest of everybody concerned in the
banks to sustain the banks in their neighbor-
hood. A bank has a coterie around it, it has
an influence around it, it has a sympathy, it has
a generous Feeling all around it, because it does
kindnesses to the people, and kindness always
begets friends. But if you send all this capital
into the large cities, when you get into trouble
there will be nothing for you to depend upon,
and in addition to that you will have to sustain
the prejudice of the country against the city,_
of the small dealer against the large one, of
the small capitalist against the bank of mil-
lions. My sympathies are with the small traders.
I know the toil and the trouble that a man has
1 to undergo who starts from poverty in this life,
and I know how kindly and how sympathetic
the poor are toward the poor. The small
always help the small. They have no sympa-
thy for the millionaire, for those whom they
do not know; but they have great sympathy
t for the poor who helped them in their own
I poverty.
Now, I trust that this whole thing will not
be done. I do not believe I can prevent it;
but I do not believe this bill will be passed
after it leaves here, because I think there will
come up a wail all over the country on the part
of the small banks that will make Represent-
atives elsewhere shudder before they will be
willing to carry out such a bill which carries
such iniquity toward those who sustained you.
when nobody else would sustain you.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will occupy the
attention of the Senate but a Teiy- tow mo;
. ments. I think very highly of tbd system ot
banking which has been established in this
country. I do not tkinlffVby any means per-
, feet; and it is tfae' duty of Congress to do
all in its powefto make it as near perfect as
such a system can be. One of the most im-
t portant measures to be taken into consider-
ation in connection with this system is free
i banking, by which any man or any set of men
t may engage in the banking business on equal
terms with every other man. What 1 fear is
that the measure which is now before the Sen-
ate will have a direct tendency to break down
the system, which I should regard as a verv
great misfortune to this country. If you break
down this system I have no fear for the banks;
they will take care of themselves, as they ever
have done. But when you speak about com-
i polling the banks to take certain bonds and
then compelling them to take a definite amount
of interest on the ground that you can restrain
ji their profits, you attem pt an impossibility. You
ii might as well attempt to make all men honest
j! by a law; and when you do the one you will
be able to accomplish the other. I know what
it is to deal with banks. There has not been
i! a day for forty years but what some bank or
