1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
563
Senators would purposely absent themselves
when legitimate business is before the body.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the order as modified.
The order, as modified, was adopted.
message frosi the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersost, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the concurrent res-
olution of the Senate for the appointment of
a joint committee to inquire into the present
system of ventilating the Halls ofthe two Houses
of Congress,with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speak-
er of the House had signed the following en-
rolled bills; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 790) repealing so much of
the act of August 8,184G, as declared the Des
Moines river, in the then Territory of Iowa, a
public highway;
A bill (H. R. No. 861) making appropria-
tions to defray the expenses of the Committee
on Banking and Currency incurred in pursu-
ance of investigations ordered by the House of
Representatives; and
A bill (H. R. No. 238) relating to retired
officers of the Army.
state ok virginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Themorninghour
having expired, the bill (H. R. No. 783) to
admit the State of Virginia to representation
in the Congress of the United States is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, the
pending question being on the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmuxds,]
upon which the Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Norton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, when I gave
way yesterday for the motion to adjourn I was
referring to the fact that there was now in
Georgia a military commission called by order
of the commander of that district to pass upon
and determine the eligibility of members elected
to the House of Representatives of that State.
The Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,]
interrupting, informed me and the Senate that
there was nobody in Washington responsible
for it, as ho had very good reason to know. I
did not refer to it for the purpose of placing
the responsibility upon anybody ; nor did I do
it'for the purpose of charging upon the party
dominant here or the Administration that by
their authority and by virtue of the power of
the Administration this thing was "being done;
but I referred to it for the purpose of calling
the attention of the Senate and the country to
th-e fact that such an outrage, unparalleled in
the history of any free government, was being
perpetrated, and that the Senate of the Uni-
ted States and the Administration, the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the armies and navies of
the country, and the General of the Army,
permitted that thing to be done.
Mr. MORTON. Will my friend from Min-
nesota allow me to make a statement ?
• Mr. NORTON. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Minne-
sota is laboring under a mistake growing out
of a telegraphic dispatch which stated that
General Terry had organized a military com-
mission to try persons who had taken the oath
prescribed by the late act for the reconstruction
of Georgia. I am prepared to state to the
Senate what the faets are in regard to it. By
the terms of that bill and of the reconstruction
acts the military commander is lo pass and i
determine upon the qualifications of those who
are to take seats in the Legislature. The ques-
tion is substantially referred to him ; and for
the purpose of preventing persons from taking
the oath who are not qualified to take the oath,
to prevent them from committing perjury, Gen-
eral Terry simply appointed certain military
officers to take evidence and to communicate
to him the result of their investigation simply
to inform his mind.
Nobody is to be tried by him ; nobody is to
be punished ; but General Terry, having many
duties to perform, wa§ unable personally to
make the investigation in regard to the pro-
priety of allowing these men to take the oath
and take seats in the Legislature, and he ap-
pointed certain military officers to take the
evidence, not to try these men or to punish
them, but simply to inform him of the result
of their investigations so that he would be able
to act intelligently upon the subject. That, I
am informed, is the whole matter. General
Terry would have performed this duty himself
if he had had the time or the means within his
own reach. His action was simply like that of
the President of the United States employing
one of his secretaries or clerks to collect in-
formation upon which the President should
decide some matter or take some action.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, my recol-
lection of the reconstruction laws so far as
the power of these military commanders is
involved was that they should give certificates
of election to the persons elected, and that
the qualifications of those persons, their eligi-
bility, was a matter with which he had noth-
ing to do. It was for the Legislature itself to
determine upon the qualifications and the eli-
gibility of the members elected. The duty of
General Terry was performed and discharged
when he gave the certificate of election. Of
course that is not conclusive upon the eligi-
bility of the member any more than is the cer-
tificate of the clerk of a court ordinarily as to
the election of a member of the Legislature.
But now when these men, having their certifi-
cates given to them as members-elect, come to
ask for their seats in the body to which they
are elected the military commander organ-
izes p, commission to determine whether they
are eligible to scats in that body!
That is what I complain of; and J do not
say that anybody here is responsible for its
being done, that anybody here has given au-
thority or power to'this man to do this; but I
do say that the President of the United States
and the General of the Army ought to have
inquired of this military commander, of this
General Terry, by what light* he assumed to
interfere with the civil administration of the
State of Georgia; by what right and by what
authority he organized a military commission
to pass upon the eligibility of members elected
to the Legislature of that State. You author-
ized an election, and they had one agreeably
to your laws; they elected members of the
Legislature; and when they have done that
this military commander steps in and under-
takes to inquire as to the qualifications of the
men elected to the Legislature. Sir, I said,
and I say again, it is unbecoming the Senate of
the United States while such things are going
on to be discussing the propriety of attaching
fundamental conditions to the admission of a
State.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
has made an explanation of what the facts are,
and doubtless those are the facts ; but there is
enough in the dispatches we have read in the
papers to put the Congress of the United States
upon inquiry ; and those Senators who claim
to be so zealous in the cause of liberty and so
anxious and desirous to protect the rights of
person and property, and institute and organ-
ize civil governments in these States, ought to
have inquired, even upon the suggestion of a
telegraphic dispatch, by what authority and
why this thing has been done.
And, Mr. President, as a fitting and legiti-
mate sequence and consequence of your system
of reconstruction, the telegraphic dispatches
inform us to-day that General Ames is elected
Senator from the State of Mississippi. A man
who is there by virtue of his position as a gen-
eral of the Army, not even a citizen of the State
of Mississippi, but a military officer having con-
trol and direction and manipulating the elec-
tions in that State and all its civil affairs, comes
up to us as a Senator from the State of Missis-
sippi. I have no objection to General Ames
or anybody else coming from that State, but I
think the circumstance that military officers
are permitted to control elections in certain
States, and that after those elections the Legis-
latures so chosen'give them seats in this body,
is enough to attract the attention of the coun-
try and to put the country upon inquiry.
But, Mr. President, I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate for a moment to the bill
pending and the amendments that are pro-
posed to it or intended to be proposed. The
bill that we have before us and are now con-
sidering is a simple proposition from the House
of Representatives reciting that the people of
Virginia have adopted a constitution and organ-
ized a State government and are entitled to
representation in the Congress of the United
States. It would seem that if Virginia by the
organization it has effected of its State govern1
ment is entitled to recognition as a State in
the Union that simple proposition was all that
was necessary. If you admit the fact that Vir-
ginia has adopted a State government repub-
lican in form it would seem to follow that she
is entitled to representation in the Congress of
the United States. But, sir, so far from that,
the Senator from Indiana proposes that the
State of Virginia shall not have representation
until the Legislature shall by joint resolution
declare that there shall never be a particular
construction given to one article of its consti-
tution.
Mr. President, if the Legislature of the State
of Virginia to-day admitted, should by joint
resolution declare, that there should never be
such a construction given to that article of it-;
constitution, might not the next Legislature
repeal that joint resolution ? And if they should
deolai'c by joint resolution that such a construe
tion should never be given to that article of
the constitution, would that be binding upon
the people of that State so that they could
never thereafter change that article of the con-
stitution?
I attach but little importance to these efforts
to impose fundamental conditions on the State
of Virginia or any of the other States, because
I do not believe that Congress has any right or
any power legitimately to require such funda-
mental conditions; but I believe that placing
them upon this State and upon the others is only
calculated, as the Senator from Massachusetts
said in a resolution he once offered to this
body, to weaken the Union, to postpone the
day of reconciliation and reconstruction.
The Senator from Indiana also proposes to
offer a preamble which shall recite that '' Vir-
ginia in good faith'' has performed eertain
acts, and upon those two words "good faith''"
he would make depend the power of Congress
in regard to Virginia forever hereafter. If
Virginia performs the conditions required, ^nd
afterward violates those conditions, the Sen-
ator from Indiana says that would be evidence
that they had not complied in good faith, and
then Congress should deal with Virginia; it
has power equal to the emergency. Then we
should have the power of the Congress of the
United States in reference to the State of Vir-
ginia depending upon the question of her good
faith in doing a certain act; you could do with
Virginia because of her not acting in good faith
what you could not do with another State.
Your power in reference to Virginia would be
greater than in reference to another State, and
Congress would determine this question of
good faith for itself; the Constitution would
impose no limit, no restrictions upon the power
of Congress! Would that State, then, be a
State of this Union upon an "equal footing
with the other States in all respects what-
ever?"
Mr. President, I certainly am not in condition,
with any comfort to myself, to say as much as i
should like to do; and it must be very disagree-
able to the Senate to hear one attempt to speak
