2820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
m'ent which I had the honor to send to the
Chair as an additional section to the House
bill, to come in at the end of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
moves his amendment as an additional section.
Mr. STEWART. I will now move to strike
out the first proviso.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order now.
Mr. STEWART. I offer it as an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas has moved an amendment to add
an additional section to the House bill. That,
therefore, is the first question before the Senate
at the present time.
Mr. WILSON. Is it not in order to move
to strike out certain portions of the bill and
insert others before the vote is taken on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Kansas?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not before the
motion of the Senator from Kansas is submit-
ted to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Why, Mr. President, the
question is to strike out.
Mr. POMEROY. _ No, sir;_ I move my
amendment, as an additional section to the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; I understood the motion was to strike
out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it was a motion
to strike out the parliamentary l«,w would allow
the perfecting of the part proposed to be stricken
out before the question was taken; but the
Senator from Kansas moves his amendment as
an additional section.
Mr. POMEllOY. If this motion should
prevail, then I shall move to strike out the
rest of the bill.
Mr. WARNER. I ask that the bill as it will
stand when amended be reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama desires that the bill as it will read if
amended as proposed by the Senator from
Kansas be reported. It is all in print. The
Secretary, however, will report it if it is desired.
The Secretary read the original bill.
Mr. STEWART. T now move to amend
the amendment of the Senator from Kansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
has not yet concluded the reading of the prop-
osition. The Senator from Alabama desires
the bill to be read as it will stand if amended.
Mr. STEWAR T. It has just been read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has
been read. The Senator from Kansas now
moves to add to the bill new sections, which
the Secretary will report.
Mr. WARNER. I do not care for the fur-
ther reading.
Mr. STEWART. T move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Kansas by
striking out all after the word "that" in the
third line and inserting what I send to the
Chair.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to have the
other amendment reported, as we were not
able to hear it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Kansas before reading the proposed
amendment of the Senator from Nevada. The
amendment of the Senator from Kansas has
been somewhat modified from the shape in
which it appears in print.
The Secretary read the amendment offered
by Mr. Pomeeoy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Nevada will now be read.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to strike out all after
the word •'•that," in the third line of the
amendment, and to insert in lieu thereof:
The nexl election fur members of the General As-
sembly of siid State shall be held on the Tuesday
after {ho first Monday of November, A. D. 1872, and
the lastclause of the second subdivision of the first
scction ot tlie third article of said constitution, in
the iollowing words, "The General Assembly may by
law, change the time of election, and the members
shall hold until their successors are elected and quali-
fied," shall never be by any Legislature exercised so
as to extend the term of any office beyond the regular
period named in the said constitution ; and the said
General Assembly shall, by joint resolution, consent
to this proviso as a fundamental condition before
this act shall take effect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to make an inquiry
if that is not an amendment which this very
committee has already rejected in totidem
verbis ?
Mr. DRAKE. Not in that connection.
Mr. SUMNER. It is offered in a different
connection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
reply to the Senator from Vermont that the
status is entirely changed. It was offered
before as an amendment to the amendment of
' the Senator from Nevada to strike out the pro-
viso known as the Bingham amendment.
Mr. STEWART. Then it was proposed only
to strike oat a portion of the Bingham amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now offered
as an amendment to an entirely different prop-
osition. The Chair therefore thinks it comes
within the parliamentary law.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Chair decide it
to be in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I now offer an amendment
to the bill, if it is in order to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out the first
proviso of the bill, which is known as the Bing-
ham amendment, and to insert in lieu thereof:
That in consequence of the failure of tho General
Assembly of Georgia to eftect a legal organization
tor a period of over eighteen months, it be, and
liereby is, declared that the term of service of tbe
said General Assembly shall date from the 26th of
January, 1870, and shall continue until the persons
to be ohoscn on the Tuesday alter the first Monday
of November, 1872, as members of the General As-
sembly of said State are qualified: Provided, That
the last clause of the second subdivision of the first
scction of the third article of the constitution of
Georgia, in the following words, " The General As-
sembly may by law change the time of election, and
the members shall hold until their successors are
elected and qualified," shall never be by any Legis-
lature exercised so as to extend the term of office
beyond the regular period named in the said consti-
tution ; and the said General As?emby shall by joint
resolution consent to this fundamental condition
before this act shall take effect,
Mr. POMEROY. 1 move the amendment
which I send to the Chair as a substitute for
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
fx*om Kansas moves to amend the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts by striking
out all after the word "that" and inserting a
substitute, which will not be read unless the
reading is called for. The question is on this
amendment of the Senator Irotn Kansas to the
amendment of the Senatorfrom Massachusetts.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say that I am
paired with the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard.] If he were present and voting I
should vote against this amendment and against
the Bingham amendment. The Senator from
Delaware is on the other side.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire to
state that on this question my colleague [Mr.
Viokers] is paired with the Senator from Flor-
ida, [Mr. Gilbert.]
The yeas and nays were taken.
Mr. CHANDLER, (who had first voted in
the negative.) I am told that I am paired on
this particular point with the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Conklixo.] That is not my
recollection; but as others say the fact is so
I desire to withdraw my vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Senator from Michigan will be
allowed to withdraw his vote. The Chair hears
no objection, and it is so ordered.
The result was announced—yeas 37, nays
24; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Buck-
ingham. Carpenter, Casserly, Cole, Corbett, Cragin,
Davis, Edmunds, Ferry, Fowler Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hainlin, Harlan, Howe, Kellogg, McCreery,
Morrill of Maine, Morril! of Vermont. Patterson,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Robertson, Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stockton, Thurman,
Tipton. Trumbull, Warner, and Wiltey—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Drake, Pen-
ton, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Howard,
Ilowell, McDonald, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Ramsey.
Revels, Rice, Ro^s, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
Thaver, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—24.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cattell,
Chandler, Conklins, Gilbert, Johnston, Lewis, Nor-
ton, Sprague, and Viokers—11.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed .to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment, as
amended, striking out the first proviso to the
bill and inserting the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Kansas in lieu thereof.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. Is it in order to amend
that amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order to
amend it by adding to it, not by striking out.
Mr. SAWYER. Not by insertion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
will send his amendment up the Chair will
examine, it.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to offer the amend-
ment which I send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT, (after examining
the amendment.) This will come within the
parliamentary rule. It is to add words, not to
strike any out. The Secretary will report the
proposed amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from South Carolina.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment; which was, in section two, line
six, after the word "State" and before the
word "provided" to insert "and other elect-
ive officers."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the connection, so that the Senate
will understand the amendment.
The Secretary. Section two of the amend-
ment, if amended as proposed, will read as
follows:
That in accordance with the provisions of and
under the powers and limitations in said acts an
ejection shall ho held in said State on the loth of
November, 1870, for all the members of the General
Assembly of said State, and other elective officers
provided for in the constitution of said State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to say a word upon
that. The amendment of the Senator from
Kansas proposes to have an election for the
members of the General Assembly only. I
suppose there are in the State government of
Georgia a good many other officers who would
be elected at the same time that the members
of the General Assembly are elected, and to
bring about the election which would ordinarily
take place under the constitution of Georgia at
that time I offer this amendment.
I do not propose to speak at length upon it,
but under the rule which has been adopted
I thinl v we are entitled upon an amendment
which is not printed to the privilege of speak-
ing five minutes; and I beg to take this occa-
sion to allude to what has so frequently beeu
asserted in this debate by those who are op-
posed to what is known as the Bingham amend-
ment, when they say that those who favor the
Bingham amendment are in alliance with and
sympathize with the rebels and the disloyal
men of Georgia. It has been repeatedly as-
serted oil this floor that the action of those
Senators who supported the Bingham amend-
ment, or that which was in substance the same
as the Bingham amendment, was in sympathy
with disloyal men, and that they desired to turn
the loyal men of Georgia over to the not tender
mercies of the rebels. That has beeu asserted
