3704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
•j *
estimating the cost of restoring our commer-
cial marine, states that the entries at ports of
the United States from foreign ports in 1869 i
amounted to 8,750,362 tons of shipping, of j
which 5,347,694 tons were foreign and 3,402,- j
068 tons American. Sixtyper cent, of Amer- j
ican tonnage is engaged in the carrying trade
between foreign nations, and enters our ports
once a year. Forty per cent, is engaged in
the West Indian and South American trade,
and enters our ports four times a year. In
other words:
Ton'. Tons,
939,852 entering once a year make  939,852
62(5,568 entering four times a year make 2,50(3,272
Total.
1.&C6.420 Total entry American tonnage 3,440,124
The foreign shipping is estimated as follows:
Ton'. Ton*.
250,811 steamers entering six times a year...1,504,806
1,209,790 sail vessels three times a year 3,809,970
1,520,601 Total entry of foreign tonnage 5,814,836
This amount of shipping added to what we
now have will do all of our carrying trade. To |
build this amount of tonnage, one quarter of ;
iron and three quarters of wood, under the pro- i
visions of the bill now under consideration, i
would cost:
952,312 tons wooden siiil vessels, $8 a ton... $7,618,736
317.447 tons iron sail vessels, $18 a ton  5,713,040
250,818 tons first-class iron steamships, at $27
aton  6,771,897
..$20,104,679
This is what the people would have to pay
for this increase of our shipping into the
pockets of ship-builders. Ana this is upon
the supposition that our carrying trade will not
increase, but that there will merely be a substi-
tution of American for foreign ships.
The gentleman from Maine claims a deduc-
tion of $7,618,736 as drawbacks on imported
material for wooden vessels, leaving but $12,-
485,943 to be paid out by our Government to
make us able to do all of our carrying trade.
This is, after all, mere conjecture. The pro-
portion between iron and wooden vessels is
not fixed.. The increase of iron ship-building
is rapid. The increase of wooden steamers is
rapid. The increase of iron steamers is prob-
ably to be very rapid. The drawbacks for
duties and the equivalents of duties will thus
be increased greatly. The losses of import
duty and internal tax on ships' stores will be
largely increased as our tonnage increases; no
estimate is made for this; millions of dollars
must be added here. The subsidies to be paid
are also to be added on a commerce whose
tons last year numbered over three millions
and is growing rapidly; more than two mil-
lions of which are subsidized at from three to
four dollars and a half a ton, and less than one
million at a dollar and a half a ton, making in
all more than eight millions a year of subsidy.
Here, then, we see an outlay of $20,000,000
to drive competition out of the carrying trade
to be spent in building ships, and $8,000,000
a year of subsidies, to be increased as our
tonnage increases; to be doubled or trebled
as the ships are multiplied by the encourage-
ment thus given for this very purpose.
Thug, the more prosperous the shipping inter-
est is the more great iron ships that are built;
the more we send out our hardy tars to carry
lor all the world the products of every clime,
that much more it costs the people. We might
in a few years do all the carrying for all the
world if the people could only pay the draw-
backs and equivalents and subsidies. And if
this bill passes the prospect is we will do it or
die in the attempt. The practical question for
us is: will this attempt to secure the carrying
trade of the world pay ?
Candor compels every fair man to say that
a community of naval architects and ship-car-
penters, skillful in their craft, is a powerful aux-
iliary in war and a great promoter of national
independence and prosperity in peace. But
their loss, their absence, may be a less evil than
the burdensome taxes, subsidies, and expend-
itures necessary to foster and maintain them.
The gentleman from Massachusetts proposes
to amend the bill by substituting for that por-
tion which provides for subsidies a provision
that discriminating duties be allowed in favor of
wooden American vessels twenty per cent., and
iron American vessels of twenty-five percent.
The effect of this discrimination in favor of our
ships will be to enhance at once enormously
the value of American shipping. There could
be no greater speculation than in such property.
Pile all the freighting upon American bottoms,
double their business, and no leap of values
forward could be greater.
This is the result, and not a reduction of
freights. Our ship-owners would cut under
foreigners just enough to seize and hold the
trade, and the people would pay the difference
between that and a fair rate. The stimulus to
ship building would be great, very great; but
it would be stimulus and nothing else; not
nourishment, not healthy food; mere stimulus,
that must be kept up or a collapse ensue.
The sailors and ship-owners and ship-builders
would get the profits; nobody else. The peo-
ple would have to pay for it all.
Let us see what this scheme would cost. Our
dutiable imports in 1869 were $395,000,000.
The duties were $180,000,000 in round num- j
bers. Three eighths of this were American ton- i
nage, or about sixty-seven and a half million ;
dollars. Twentypercent.ofthisis$13,500,000.
This much revenue would be lost at the pres- |
ent status of our shipping. But it is expected ;
that this will put a great part of the carrying
trade soon into our hands, so that instead of
$13,500,000 it will run up to twenty, thirty, or
forty millions of loss to the revenue. Who can
tell?
On the other hand, the gain of the people in
the lowering of freights might be safely put
down at less than five per cent, of the twenty
and twenty-five per cent, sacrificed to the ship-
builders and owners; an enormous cost, a
wild project, a dangerous experiment; more
expensive, more extravagant than the original
bill.
But this is bad policy; it is a cut-throat game;
it stirs up retaliation ; it rouses jealousy; it
puts us out of the pale of friendly commercial
relations with foreigners. The result will be
an increase of the price of freights; just the
thing we of the interior want to avoid in every
fair way. For while this policy gives us the
carrying trade for imports it gives everybody
else the carrying trade for exports. It gives
all ships coming and going a load but one
Disastrous is not the word for such a policy.
It might result in a refusal to trade with some
nations. This would put up prices. This is
an extreme measure of .protection. This is
prohibition in its roughest and savagest mood.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says,
" How, then, can they retaliate?" By refusing
to trade with us. I wish to God—and I trust
I speak with due reverence—they would. The
difficulty is that we now are suffering in this
country from overtrading and from overim-
portations. If other countries would not send
us any of their surplus luxuries and manufac-
tures, if there was a wall of fire around us so
that the foreign superfluities could be shut out
from our people, it would, in my judgment, be
better for the prosperity of t.hiacountry; because
we import now more than we export, and are
selling our bonds to make up the deficiency.
The protectionist, and the high tariff man,
what other and higher and better protection
could he desire than the refusal of France and
England to trade in the products of their labor
with America?" Here it is, stronger than it
can be put in any other words. And I accept
the argument as the best prohibitory one given.
It is sound. -It is sensible from that stand-
point, worthy of a powerful intellect, worthy
of a better cause. My judgment is against pro-
hibition, directly o* indirectly.
The gentleman from Massachusetts calls upon
us to gratify our feelings by now making repris-
als, in this way, upon British commerce. i Hill
for the fair, open, bold, kind treatment of all
nations. I believe that this is the most profitable
and the safest policy. I have no lurking desire
to take revenge upon the English people for the
outrageous conduct of a Tory administration
which happened for a time to be in the ascend
ant in the days of rebellion. Men of a different
stamp are now at the head of the British
nation. John Bright, our fast, firm, noble,
bold, and manly friend, withhis compeers, now
constitute the British cabinet, and truly repre-
sent the honest feelings of the majority of that
great people in their sympathy with our free
Government and in their respect for its repub-
lican institutions. England, with Gladstone
and Bright at her head, is the true friend of
America. This is no hour for retaliation or
revenge or hate or madness. Let us have
amity and concord and harmony with the great
nation from which we proudly claim our origin.
Misguided, misgoverned, cramped by its aris-
tocracy, but great in spite of all, and growing
every day greater and grander as she grows
more liberal under the guidance of such men
as now hold the reins of power.
Retaliation should never be our policy or
induced in others by our policy. Let our
treaties stand ; let our laws providing recip-
rocal duties stand; let us preserve friendly,
cordial relations with all nations. We can
better preserve such an attitude than one of
distrust, of jealousy, of estrangement, of covert
hostility.
It is our policy to buy ships where we can
do so upon reasonable terms at an ordinary
rate of duty. Germany does so, and now has
twenty-two steamers in the American trade.
France does so. Austria has more than sixty
ocean steamers purchased abroad. Naviga-
tion and commerce are the great interests,
vastly overriding ship-building.
Why should we not put our flag on our own
ships which were sold to avoid the casualties
of war? Why not take the money we got for.
our wooden ships and buy iron ones? Why
not put our flag on any ship built anywhere?
War put commerce and navigation, sixty and
seventy years ago, into our hands. War within
ten years took them away. Ships may be pur-
chased of the best class of any kind. '1 hey
would be purchased but for our prohibitory
laws. Why not wipe such laws out? Do so,
and our commercial marine will outrival that
of all the world in a very few years.
The gentleman from Maine says, the Presi-
dent says, the Secretary of the Navy says, Ad-
miral Porter says, every man of sense says,
that the greatest source of naval power is in the
merchant marine. Why not allow our mer-
chant princes, our importers, our men of enter-
prise on the sea-board to purchase these great
and powerful steamships built upon the Clyde?
Admiral Porter says:
"If the United States possessed the steamships
plying between New York and Europe the Govern-
ment would have a better Navy than it ever had."
He says further:
"I do not want better ships than those steamships
are in case of war."
Why not take him at his word, and let our
people buy them?
This problem is easily solved. We can have
a vast merchant marine in a few years by the
simple enactment of a law allowing the pur-
chase of ships. Our freights will be cheaper,
our commerce more extended, our naval power
greater, and our national position more ad-
vanced. Why keep all lagging and languish-
ing at the door of tne ship-builder?
When we can have a thorough bill covering
the whole ground I shall vote for it. But the
measure# now proposed are narrow, unjust,
impolitic, ineffectual of good, and I believe
would result in disaster to the country.
We have a vast coast; no nation has so great
a one. We hold the front upon both oceans
