1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
voted during the present session for any but a
Democrat in the long listof eases we have had
up for decision, then I would consider his
remarks worthy of some attention. I now yield
one minute to the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland,] and shall'then ask for a vote.
Mr. CESSNA. I yield one minute to the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] and
then I shall ask a vote.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I have read
the reports, both of the majority and the minor-
ity of the committee in this ease, and 1 think
it very clear that the conclusions of the major-
ity are right, both in point of law and in point
of fact. The validity of this election, and the
question whether the sitting member or the
contestant was elected, depends upon the vote
of the southern precinct of the town of Wayne.
It is conceded th,at the election officers in that
southern precinct were residents of the north-
ern precinct of the town, and that the law of
Indiana required the election officers to be
residents of the precincts in which they act.
It is so conceded by the minority report; but
the minority claim in their report that although
the election officers were non-residents of the
precincts they were good officers de facto.
Allow me to say that a man who is not eli-
gible to an office cannot be an officer de facto
any more than he can be an officer dejure.
Mr. STEVENSOiJ. I am assured by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
that he has finished his invectives, and wants
merely to publish his argument, and therefore
I withdraw my objection to his printing remarks.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be
upon the adoption of the following resolution,
offered as an amendment:
Resolved, That there bepaid out of the contingent
fund to Joseph Segar, a claimant for a seat in the
Forty-First Congress from the State of Virginia,
$2,000, in full for his expenses and trouble in prose-
cuting his claim to his seat.
Mr. SARGENT. Scarcely a dozen men
voted that he was entitled to a seat, or looked
on his claim as serious. I move to lay that res-
olution on the table.
The SPEAKER. That will carry the whole
report of the committee.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion.
The question was put on agreeing to the res-
olution; and there were—ayes 02, noes 51.
The SPEAKER announced that the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must decide
that that demand comes too late, for it will
imperil lit'ty times as much as is involved in
this resolution.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Did a quorum vote?
The SPE A KER. If the gentlemanwill add
G3 to 51, he will find out for himself. The
Chair, however, will submit the question again.
The question was again put,and there were—
ayes 79, noes 53.
Mr. ASPBR. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The quest-ion recurred on agreeing to the
following resolution, offered as an amend-
ment, :
Resolved, That the sum of S1.500 be paid to B. F.
Grafton, out, of the contingent fund of the House, m
full tor expenses incurred in the prosecution of his
contest for a seat in this House as a Representative
from the second congressional district in Texas.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is that resolution ger-
mane to the report of the coinmittee?
The SPEAKER. It is too late to raise that
point of order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I raised the point as soon
as the resolution was read.
The SPEAKER. Oh, no ; it was read half
an hour ago.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Not this one ; the one
which we have just adopted was read.
The SPEAKER. Both were read; the pre
vious question was moved upon the whole sub-
ject, and the gent leman did not object.
The question was put upon agreeing to the
amendment; and there were—ayes 66, noes 54.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of
the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 1277) for the relief of
Richard Hodgson.
election contest eeid ys. julian.
The SPEAKER stated that the question was
upon agreeing to the following resolution, re-
ported by the minority of the committee o,s an
amendment for the resolution of the majority :
Resolved, That John S. Reid was duly olected a
member of the Forty-Eirst Congress from the fourth
district of Indiana, and is entitled to the seat he
claims in this House.
Mr. RANDALL. I will not ask the yeas
and nays on that resolution ; but I will ask the
yeas and nays on the proposition declaring Mr.
Julian entitled to his seat, so as to have a test
vote.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the following
resolution, reported by the majority of the
committee:
Resolved, That George W. Julian was duly elected
and is entitled to hold the seat he now occupies as
Representative from the fourth congressional district
of the State of Indiana.
On that resolution I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Clerk has not read
the whole resolution. We have added two
amendments to it.
The SPEAKER. The other resolutions can
be voted on afterward.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Yes; but I want to know
what has become of the amendments we have
just adopted ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would rule that
these several resolutions should be regarded as
separately considered and adopted. It would
not be fair and just either to the sitting mem-
ber or to the contestant to complicate the ques-
tion of the right of either of them to a seat in
this House by such questions.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is all right. I sup-
posed the resolutions were offered as amend-
ments to the resolutions declaring Mr. Julian
entitled to the seat. I understand now that
they were offered to the resolution granting
compensation to the contestant in this case.
The question was then taken upon adopting
the resolution declaring Mr. Julian entitled to
a seat; and it was dicided in the affirmative-
yeas 127, nays 50, not voting 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Banks, Barry, Benjamin,
Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Booker, Boyd,
George M. Brooks. Buck, Buckley. Buffinton, Bur-
chard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Lut-
ler, Cake, Cessna, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Cohnrn, Conger. Covode, Oowles, Cul-
lom, Davis, Wegener, Donley, Duval, jjemss, terry,
Finkelnburg, Garfield, GUflllmw Hamilton, Ilay,
Hays, Hefhn, Hill. Hoar, Ilotehkiss, Jenckes, Judd,
Kelley, Kellogg. Kclsey, Ketcham, knapp. Lash,
Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard,
McCarthy. MeCrary, MoGrew, McKoo. Mckcnzie,
Mereur, Millies, Eliakim II. Moore. William Moore,
Morphia, Daniel J.Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers,
iNesley, O'Neill. Orth, Packard, T}^in^
Palmer, Peek, Perce. Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland,
Porter, Prosper. Santord, Sargent, bawyer, fechenck,
Scolield, Shanks, Lionel^A. vSholdun, Porter bhel-
don, John A. iSmiih, William. «T. hunlh, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Srcvenson, blokes,
Strickland, Strong. Taiie, Tannor, laylor, lownseud,
Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamill, .HoJman*
Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Lewis, Marshall,
May ham, McCormick, McNeely, Mungen, Niblack,
Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Sehumaker, Sherrod,
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, S.tone.Swann, Swee-
ney, Trimble, Van Auken, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene
M. Wilson.Wmchester, and Woodward—50.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Ayer, Bai-
ley, Beaman, Beatty, Boles, Bowen, Churchill, Clin-
ton. L. Cobb, Cook, Cox, Darrall, Dawes, Dickey,
Dixon, Doekery, Dox. Dyer, E la, Earnsworth, Fisher,
Fitch, Gibson, Hale, Harris, Hawkins, Hawley, Hoge,
Hooper, Ingersoll, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones,
Julian, Laflin, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Morrissey,
Newsham, Pomeroy, Ridgway, Rogers, Roots, Sho-
ber,Worthington C. Smith, Stoughton,Strader, Till-
man,Van Horn,Van Trump,Wallace, Cadw&lader O.
Washburn, and Wood—53.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CESSNA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Witebpi—12,. . . p. ,
NAYS—-Alessr.i. Archer, Bnrmim. Bcck, l.ip.fc.
Bird, J.1UK-. Brook*, Hurr. Ctilkin, ('Inveh.nd, ( mi-
ner, I'rebs, Dickinson, tildridge. iox, Uclz. Uri&wola.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, informed the House that
the Senate had agreed to the amendments of
the House to the concurrent resolution to print
extra copies of the report of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office for 1869.
The message further informed the House
that tlie Senate had passed a concurrent reso-
lution, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested, extending the time fixed for the
close of this session.
EXTENSION Of SESSION.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before the
House a concurrent resolution just received
from the Senate.
The resolution was as follows :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That the hour fixed by the con-
current resolution of the two Houses of the 20th of
May for the adjournment of the present session of
Congress be extended to two o'clock p. m. this day.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that the resolution
of the Senate be concurred in.
The resolution was concurred in.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was concurred in; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest eeid vs. julian.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the resolution which the Clerk will read :
Resolved, That there be paid to the contestant,
John S. Reid, from the contingent fund of th^ House,
the sum of §4,500, in full of all expenses touching
said contest.
Mr. WARD. I move that tlys resolution be
laid on the tabic.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope not. The House
has in several cases given to contestants more
than the amount named in the resolution.
The question was taken on the motion to
lay the resolution on the table; and upon a
division there were—ayes 45, noes 09.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SCHENCK said: I ask forthe yeas and
nays on the motion to lay his resolution on the
table. It proposes to give a man more for con-
testing a seat than for serving in the House
as a member.
Mr. CONGER. I move that the rules be
suspended, and this resolution amended by
inserting "§2,000" instead of "$4,500."
Mr. WARD. Is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. Anything is in order by a
suspension of the rules.
Mr. KERR. I hope that will not be done.
It will be a gross outrage to do anything of
the sort, for a fairer contest was never made
in this House than this has been.
The question was then taken upon suspend-
ing the rules and amending the resolution,
and it was not agreed to; two thirds not voting
in tiie affirmative.
The question recurred on ordering the yeaa
