1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2821
time and again on this floor by men whose
parliamentary experience certainly should
have prevented them thus violating parlia-
mentary courtesy.
But, Mr. President, it has been reserved for
the last evening of this debate, and for one of
the Senators who at the latest hour has taken
his seat to declare on this floor that no man who
resides south of Mason and Dixon's line, and
who is a loyal man, will vote for the principle
involved in the Bingham amendment. To that'
proposition as made by that Senator I have
simply to say that it so far transcends the pro-
prieties of parliamentary courtesy that there
is to it no parliamentary answer.
Mr. President, I withdraw the amendment I
offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina withdraws the amend-
ment to the amendment. .
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire what
the amendment to the amendment was? If
we are to have amendments offered for fun
here, or for the purpose of letting gentlemen
ventilate themselves, I should like to know it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment was to add the words "and
other elective officers," so as to have tho elec-
tion for other elective officers.
Mr. SAWYER. I withdrew the amendment
to the amendment, for the purpose of reliev-
ing the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Kansas from any embarrassment, as sev-
eral Senators around me have expressed a
desire to have a vote on that directly first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts as amended by the Senator from
Kansas, which is to strike out the first proviso,
known as the Bingham amendment, and to
insert the proposition of the Senator from" Kan-
sas, upon which question the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 23 ; as follows:
yEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Carpenter, (Jasscrly. Oole, Cor-
bett, Davis. Edmunds. Jt'orry, Fowler. Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamlin, Ilarlan, Howe, Kclloprg, Mc-
Urecry, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, lJat-
terson.l'omeroy, Pool, Pratt, ltobertson. Saulsbury,*
Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stockton, Thur-
man.Tipton, Warner,and WiUcy—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Drake, Fenton, Flana-
gan. Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Howard, Ifowell,
McDonald, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Revels, llice, Koss,
Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, ffil-
liams, Wileon, and Yates—23.
ABSENT —Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cattoll,
Chandler, Coukling, Cragm, Gilbert, Johnston,
Lewis, Norton, ltamsey, Sprague, and Viekers—13.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed
to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill lie
upon the table.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish the honorable Sen-
ator would modify his motion and move that
it be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I will make that
modification.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the bill be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. WILSON and Mr. EDMUNDS called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 2D, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Chandler, Drake, Fen-
ton, Klannsan, Hamilton of Texas, IJarris, Howard,
Ifowell, McDonald, Morton, Nye, Osborn, ilaiuscy.
Revels, Itioe, Spencer. Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—23.
NAyS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames Anthony, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Carpenter, Caaserlv, Oole, Cor-
bett, Oragin, Davis. Edmunds Ferry, lowler, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamlin, liar J an. Ho wo. Kellogg,
MeOrecry, Morrill of Maine, Moirill of Vermont,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Prate, Robertson, Koss,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stock-
ton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,Warner, ana Wil-
1 cy 
' ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard,Cameron,Cattell,Conk-
ling, Gilbert, .1 ohnston, Lewis, Norton, oprague,
and Viekers—10.
So the motion to postpone indefinitely was
not agieed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to strike out the
whole of the House hill excepting the amend-
ment which has been adopted which I had the
honor to submit to the Chair.
Mr. NYE. Upon that I ask the question
whether it is proper for me to make a remark?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. NYE. That is not a printed amend-
ment. I simply wanted to congratulate the
country that the Judiciary Committee have
made one provision in which the Democrats
all join with them for reinstating a State ; and
I congratulate the country that tho Democracy
have finally concluded that it is best to rein-
state the State of Georgia under military rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the question.
Mr. SUMNEIl. Mr. President, the bill is
now so  
Mr. NYE. I will say further, that the Dem-
ocrats having voted to put Georgia under mili-
tary rule, are to be considered as estopped
hereafter 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is not this debate? And
is not debate prohibited by our agreement!
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Chair has
the understanding as it appears in the Globe,
and the Chair thinks this might be held to be
a new amendment which has not been pro-
posed in this shape before, and not printed.
Mr. POMEROY. This is a printed amend-
ment, printed as the text of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. It has not been proposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been
proposed before the Chair thinks.
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to remark that
the bill is so changed under the operation of
my friend from Kansas that it would not be
known by the oldest inhabitant. [Laughter.]
And under the circumstances I think all would
be glad to have an opportunity to become a
little belter acquainted with it and sec what
its effect is. I therefore move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. THURMAN. I appeal to tho Senator
if that is according to our understanding.
Mr. 1IAML1N. Well, we will vote down
the motion.
Mr. ITIURMAN. The understanding was
that wo should vote this hill through or vote it
down, one or the other.
Several Senators. Yes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. POMEROY. I want the question set-
tled whether this is according to our under-
standing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read from the Globe :
"And that when wo begin to vote, then we shall
go on untiL we get through, with that understand-
ing of a Cvo minutes' debate on now amendments."
Mr. SUMNER. Is not the amendment of
the Senator from Kansas " getting through?"
I submit that as a question of order to the
Chair. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not decide that. That is not a parliamentary
point. The Senator from Massachusetts moves
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Chair decides that,
my motion, under the agreement, is not in
order, of course I shall withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts understands that these
agreements, made unanimously by the Senate,
are never enforced in this body by the Chair,
are enforced,only by the members upon them-
selves. The Chair has had lor two days the
debate here.
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw the motion,
then.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And I withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas moves now to strike out all after the
enacting clause of this bill, except the part
which has been inserted on his motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to vote understand-
ingly on that proposition. I want it read.
Mr. STEWART. I believe the Chair has
decided that debate is in order for five minutes
on that. ['"No," "No."]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
which was agreed to reads as follows :
"If any amendments are offered which have not
been printed, any member may speak for fivo min-
utes upon such an amendment."
The debate must be confined to that amend-
ment specifically.
Let ns vote.
If I am in order, I desire
Mr. WILLIAMS.
Mr. STEWART,
to say a few words. .
Mr. CORBETT.
Mr. President •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada is on the floor. Does he yield?
Mr. STEWART. If I am in order, I desire
to make a few remarks.
Mr. CORBETT. I rise to a question of
order. 1 understood that the understanding
we had was that the mover of an amendment
not printed should have five minutes to explain
the amendment. Now, an amendment is pro-
posed by the Senator from Kansas. He has
live minutes to explain the amendment, and I
submit to the Chair that the Senator from
Nevada is not in order.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator will
suspend until the Chair decides the point of
order. On further examination of the debate
the Chair sustains the point of order made by
the Senator from Oregon. The essential part
of this proposition was agreed to on the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Tiiuk-
man,] who made the suggestion originally of
five minutes' speaking on new amendments.
He said:
" I do not think it is right to take a vote upon an
amendment that may bo offered and merely read
from tho desk, and nobody have an opportunity to
know anything about it except from tho reading bj;
tho Secretary, without one word ot' explanation ot
the amendment or one word said against it."
The Chair thinks that was evidently intended
to cover manuscript amendments.
Mr. THURMAN. Thatwascxactly myidea.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair there-
fore rules that debate is not in order under the
agreement made by the body, but the Chair
cannot enforce that agreement.
Mr. NYU. This is a new amendment. I do
not care whether it has been printed or not, it
is a new amendment in tho shape it is pre-
sented now. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
made his decision, and it is subject to appeal to
Mr. STEWART. Now I submit that a prop-
osition to strike out the whole bill is m its
bearings a new proposition entirely, and the
effect of such amendment as that ought to be
understood before it is voted upon. It comes
within the spirit of the agreement allowing
debate and changes the whole aspect of the
question. Not being in writing, not having
been suggested before, it seems to me it is the
very ease provided for by the suggestion of the
Senator from Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read tho debate in connection, which will prob-
ably take less time than discussion would upon
the amendment, and the Senator from Nevada
will concede, if he gives attention to H, that
the Chair is correct on this point to which his
.attevtion has been drawn.
" ]\lr. Tiiuiiman'. X suggest now to the Senate that
at four o'clock on Monday"
Of course the hour and the day were
changed—■
" we airree to begin voting, with this understanding?,
however that li any amendments are offered wilioti
have not been printed, or which shollnothavo boen
printed and laid on our tables by Monday morning,
any member may spealc for live minutes upon such
an ainonrtmeut.
" Mr. IIamjSRF. ►such no.w amendment/
"Mr. Tiiukman. Yes; now amendments. 1 do nofc
think it iss right to take a vote upon an amendment
that may be offered and merely read from tho desk,
