1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
committee ; it was a committee, at any rate,
which took charge of that matter. That was
the way the first reconstruction bill came here.
But in regard to the matter that is now under
consideration I can see no earthly object in
recommitting it to any committee.
And now 1 wish to appeal to the Senate, if
I can get the car of Senators, that we make
some disposition of this Virginia question. I
should have been very glad to have replied to
many things that have been said on this floor
in the debate with regard to this question. I
think many of the objections that have been
made are very easily answered; but I have
abstained from doing so because I was anxious
to come to a decision upon the question.
Mr. President, there are pressinghere various
measures. Here is the bill to enforce the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution ; that
ought to be taken up and promptly passed.
Here is the bill in regard to the Judiciary,
limiting the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court
in certain cases ; that ought to be taken up and
promptly passed ; I tried to have it passed
before the recess, but without success. The
Committee on Finance have reported a bill
which they are anxious to have considered.
All this public business is pressing upon us,
and some of these measures are urgent; and
yet day after day we go on with this discussion
in regard to Virginia. I thought when we
adjourned over from Friday we had come to
an understanding that we should take the vote
on Monday last.
Mr. POMEROY. That is what I thought;
but the Senator voted to lay that bill on the
table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now the Senator from
Kansas says I voted to lay that bill on the table.
I did not suppose the understanding was that
we were to vote on the bill in the precise form
in which it was here at the time the agreement
was made. I thought the question upon which
we were to vote was in" regard t.o the admis-
sion of Virginia. It was that subject, as I
understood, on which wo were to vote; but
other Senators seem to have understood it dif-
ferently, and I would have no misunderstand-
ing with my brother Senators, and did not in-
sist, as I thought was the understanding, that
we should vote at four o'clock on Monday
upon this question. J never understood when
the proposition was made that wc were to vote
upon the subject under consideration, that we
were confined to the Senate bill as it stood or
to amendments to the Senate bill. When this
bill came over from the House on Friday I
myself caliedit up and stated at the time that
if the Senate were full I would move to sub-
stitute it then for the Senate bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was before the
understanding.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was before the
understanding ; and hence the understanding
was inade with a knowledge of that fact before
the understanding was had. After the House
bill was received I moved to take it up ; it was
taken up ; it was read, read at length; and 1
then stated to the Senate that if the body were
full I would move at that time to take that bill
up, and the Senator from Vermont objected to
that. His objection was that the Senate was
not full and that the motion ought not to be
made. It was not made at that time. We
afterward had an understanding to vote upon
the question of Virginia, and then it, was in-
sisted by some who were opposed to the admis-
sion of Virginia in the shape we had it, or per-
haps in any shape, as I understand some Sen-
ators are, that the understanding was not
applicable when we look up the House bill in
lieu of the Senate bill on the same subject.
Now that has passed 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iwish to ask the Senator
from Illinois, with his permission, which bill
it was that he expected the Senate to vote upon
when we had an understanding last Friday
night'.'
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ft was my expectation
that we would take up the House bill and vote
upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why did not the Senator
from Illinois mention something of that kind in
I the remarks that he made, which, if he will look
at the Globe, he will find related to the bill we
had then before us? If that was his expecta-
tion, ought he not to have told us so, that we
might have acted understanding^ ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not anticipate that
there would be any such objection, lhad not
the foresight to see that there would be. I did
not suppose that any member of the Senate
would attempt to interpose a single objection
to the reading of the bill a second time. I
supposed that the subject would come up and
we would act upon it. That was my under-
standing ; but others understood it differently.
I am not finding fault with anybody; I am
only appealing to the Senate, if I can get their
attention, to ask them if we cannot come to a
decision on this bill. Let us decide it. If a
majority of the Senate believes that Virginia
is not entitled to representation, if after all that
has occurred, and after she has complied with
the requirements of Congress, and we have been
struggling for five years to reconstruct that and
other States, it is still to be said that her peo-
ple are disloyal, and that she is not to be recog-
nized as a State, when we recognized by all
our acts and expected the disloyal men to vote,
be it so. Why, sir, our reconstruction laws
allowed every man to vote in those States
whether he had been a rebel or not; we allowed
men to hold office whether they had been rebels
or not, if they did not come within the exclu-
sion of the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I am sorry to say we did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Kan-
sas says he-is sorry to know it. Well, sir, we
passed the reconstruction laws with the ex-
pectation that rebels would take part in the
formation of the governments which were to
be established in these States. We all knew
it. And now, when they have done so, is it
any objection to the admission of the State that
persons who were once rebels took part? And
hero we have a discussion by the hour as to the
person who is elected Governor in the State of
Virginia. I am not his apologist nor his de-
fender; I know but very little of him; but, sir,
in this Senate we have confirmed to office men
who not only made speeches that were objec-
tionable, but men who shot our brothers in the
field, men who marshaled armies against us and
fought us. Is it the understanding of the Sen-
ate that nobody who was engaged in the rebel-
lion is to take part in the formation of the new
governments? It is a new understanding if it
is. Why, sir, the war is over, and it is time
that we came to some decision in regard to this
matter.
But I am being betrayed, Mr. President,
further than I intended to go, because I did not
intend to take up any time in making any re-
marks on the merits of this question. All that
I rose to say was to express the hope that this
bill would not be referred to any committee,
and least of all be recommitted to the Judi-
ciary Committee of the Senate, but that the
Senate would take action upon it, such action
as the Senate thinks proper, and I shall be
satisfied with it. I am very clear in my own
course as to how I ought to vote, and I pre-
sume every other Senator is as to himself.
Now, can we not go on with the Virginia bill
and dispose of it in some way so that we may
bring before the Senate other matters of public
intfircsfc
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Illinois is anxious that the Senate
should take action on the pending bill. So
are we all. So is my colleague who has made
the motion to recommit this bill. So am I.
We are all anxious for action; nor is the Sen-
ator from Illinois more'anxious than the rest
of us. I yield to him no monopoly in that
respect. The anxiety of the Senator is for
action the wrong way ; it is for action to admit
a State still smoking with rebellion. That is
his anxiety. Sir, I am against him on that
point. Give me action, but give me such
action as will sustain tie liberties of this Re-
public and will make all safe in their rights,
Something lias been said about facts. I
think a Senator asked on what fact we could
ground a motion for a reference now. Am I
mistaken, sir? Did I not hear—perhaps from
the Senator from Illinois, certaifcly from some
member of the Judiciary Committee—that
Unionists, loyal people from Virginia, knocked
at the door of the Judiciary Committee in order
to entreat a hearing on this question, to set
forth tb.e actual condition of things in Virginia,
and they found it was locked ; and not only
that, but the bill already reported ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. For myself I stated
distinctly that no such application had been
made to my knowledge, and I understood that
all the other members of the committee cor-
roborated my statement.
Mr. SUMNER. Still it has been stated on
this floor that loyalists went to the door of the
Judiciary Committee and asked a hearing;
they knocked and found it closed, and the bill
was afterward reported. There is a fact.
Mr. CARPENTER. What is the fact?
Mr. SUMNER. What Senators have stated
on the floor, that the door of the Judiciary
Committee was locked when loyalists applied
for a hearing. If it was not so, let the Senator
correct me.
Mr. CARPENTER. The whole Judiciary
Committee has corrected the Senator several
times.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not heard the cor-
rection from one.
Mr. CARPENTER. As to knocking at the
door when the committee were not in session
we do not know anything about it. They may
have knocked all night for aught I know.
Mr. SUMNER. I dare say the course of
the committee was all night to the loyalists of
Virginia. Their course would make it all night
to the State of Virginia. But the question is
of fact. I am asked for a fact. Now I give
one fact. The election in Virginia was one
huge colossal fraud. That is the fact. - The
evidences the Senate already has before it.
The people were appealed to by the candidate
for Governor to cljoose him, that through him
they might nullify the proposed constitution
and trample out the system of free schools in
Virginia. That is the fraud. The election
was carried on that appeal. I challenge any
Senator who hears me to deny it. The evi-
dence you have before you, sir. The election
was carried on that appeal. The people came
forward and voted for this Governor Walker
because they expected through him, accord-
ing to his language, to control the State ; and
what next ? Through him to nullify the pro-
posed constitution, and then again through him
to trample out the proposed# system of free
schools.
That is the secret of this recent election.
That is the fact. Do Senators ask for a fact? I
give it to them—a gigantic fact which bestrides
the wliole State. Nobody can deny it. Let
any Senator rise in his seat and deny the fact.
Let any member of the Judiciary Committee
deny the fact. Let the Senator from Nevada
who has pushed this bill to a consummation, as
I have seen pro-slavery measures pushed in
other days, deny the fact.
Mr. STEWART. What fact?
i Mr. SUMNER. WeU if the Senator does
not listen he will wait until I get through. The
Senator asks with simplicity "What fact?" The
gigantic fraud by which the election was carried
in Virginia on an appeal to the people to elect
a certain candidate on his promise that, in the
event of his election, the constitution should
; be nullified and the common-school system
| trampled out. That is the fact; I challenge the
j Senator to meet it. Let him explain it away.
I He has no testimony that can meet it. There
'•> is no argument that can do it away. There it
