1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1877
$1,000, for the sake of the illustration, is the
capital of the bank to be established. The
interest of $200 reserved circul&tiou would be
fourteen dollars. The Government tax on
$800 of circulation would be eight dollars.
The interest, mutilated notes on hand, express
charges, and other expenses connected with
circulation would be, say one per cent., for this
is about the average of incidental banking ex-
penses. They will receive interest on a $1,000
bond at four and a half per cent, in gold forty-
five dollars. The interest on $800 of circulation
issued on tire $1,000 bond would be, at seven
per eent,, fifty-six dollars. This leaves a mar-
gin in favor of the bank of one dollar of profits ;
over and above seven per cent, which it would
derive upon its capital. In addition to this
there is what the bank may make in exchange,
and also in a discount of the amounts that it
will receive on deposit from time to time, for
which it pays no interest. This may amount to
one or two percent.; it is hardly probable that
it could, in a specie paying condition, amount
to the seven per cent. 1 have referred to, nor
over ten per cent, in the most favorable years.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Idonotdesire
to occupy much time here, for I am not much
delighted at talking to empty desks, especially
when they may toon be occupied by living per-
sons having a very different opinion from the
desks. fLaaghter.]
I believe that the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Wisconsin which does not
seem to have been debated is right, and there-
fore I propose to vote for it, and to tell the rea-
son why. All this talk in relation to the vast
amount of profits made by banks results from
the anomalous condition of our currency. If
we were on a specie-paying basis so that the
banks were compelled to redeem their bills, no
unusual profits would have been made. For
whatever profits in excess of ordinary profits
have been made, the banks are not indebted
to any direct special favor intended to be
granted by the Government ofthe United States;
but it has resulted merely from their not pay-
ing specie, and allowing the banks to put their
circulation afloat with no obligation whatever to
redeem it. And the main part ofthe profits of
banking in many of the positions that have been
cited by the Senator from Missouri result from
exchanges. I own very little bank stock any-
where. I have a small amount of bank stock
in one small bank that makes a large profit, but
it makes it in buying and selling gold that is
wanted on the borders of Canada. Whatever
other bank stock I happen to own is in large
city banks, where it cannot be affected in one
way or other by anything you do here. They
are not dependent on circulation but upon the
amount of deposits for their dividends.
Bat this proposition made by the Senator
from Wisconsin is intended to make the new
banks stand upon precisely the same footing
with the old banks. Can anything be more
equitable ? If we desire to inaugurate the sys-
tem of free banking ought they not to be put
on the same basis? Most unquestionably.
Suppose now that we wanted to tax these bankB.
I am not an advocate of the banks so far asto
relieve them from any just taxation. I desire
that the way should be left open so that we
shall tax them all that may be just and proper
now and hereafter. When we levy thai tax
would it not be proper to place the same tax
upon the new banks as upon the old? Most
clearly it ooght to be so left; but will it be, pro-
vided we allow the old banks to organise with
bonds paying a higher rate of interest than the
new ? Most obviously not. 1 f there were no
other recommendation than the mere symme-
try of the thing, therefore, I should vote in favor
of the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin. , ...
Mr. SPRAGUE. The coin basis is desirable
to fix and maintain the value of Government
credit in the market; it is the standard of credit.
Its presence is not demanded to effect this, and
it is useless and expensive if forced to be pres-
ent. Believing that the legal-tender note has
within itself more desirable qualities than the
national bank currency, I have refrained here-
tofore from saying a word affecting the national
currency. I believe that the legal-tender bills
can be so applied and adjusted, in connection
with the finances of this country, that without
cost three or four hundred million dollars of
them to-day can be floated, maintaining specie
value so as to save to the people of this country
the interest on that amount.
In aid of that result I am in favor of the
national currency and its further distribution
or increase. Why? In the first place, it locates
your Government bonds in the country; the
interest thereupon is held in the country as a
capital; and in the next place it presents to
the public an organization which, if it becomes
hostile to their interests, they can strike down.
Sir, the capital which is most devilish to-day
is not that which is located in your presence,
but it is that which operates in the dark and
possesses itself of the capital of the national
banks. But the national banks to-day, not-
withstanding the record which has been re-
ferred to by the Senator from Missouri, loan
their capital lower than any other capital is
loaned in this country. When you have arrived
at a condition of specie payments do you sup-
pose that it is possible for these banks to con-
tinue the same volume of national currency as
exists to-day? There will be perhaps some
i bank that will be able to continue its volume;
I but if there is anything as a guide in the past
) there will not be possibly more than ten or
; fifteen per cent, of the national bank currency
able to maintain itself when it must redeem
I itself at the counter, paying gold or silver. In
| that condition of things how much capital will
i concentrate itself in this country ou the basis
i of your bonds when it can obtain a larger com-
; pensation outside of its organization ?
j Talk about the extraordinary rates of inter-
i est as represented by these banks! Sir, all
i around, in every city and in every town in the
! United States, comes up to us the cry that
. twenty-five per cent, per annum is charged,
i-ay, two and a half per cent, per month, three
' and a half per cent, per month, four and a
j half per cent, per month, and even ten per
! cent, per month. It is to that condition of
the question thai the attention ®f legislation
must come to determine the proper solution
of this problem.
It seems that the legal-tender bill cannot be
protected and recognized according to its merit
and as it has been recognized elsewhere by the
most progressive nation on earth. I believe :
that in it, properly accredited, there is liberty j
and progress and reform in financial and mon- <
| etary matters, not depreciated, held up to a ;
I standard of credit equal to coin without the j
E' resence of coin. There never has been in the j
istory of this country the expensive presence j
j of coin in any of your institutions, and it is not
! demanded. The most advanced nations of the
\\ present time have made use of Government ,
■ credit sustained to a coin value, and they have ■
J been able to float and maintain the credit of j
! that which is floated to a specie-payment basis, j
i But as that cannot be obtained here, I would i
j prefer to give these banks the highest interest- ;
'j paying bonds rather than the lowest. I would i
i thereby, as I have said before, hold to the i
country that much of capital, and I would also
add to the capital of the country the interest ,
thereon, which otherwise will go abroad and ;
be owned, and we be owned presently with it, >
by those whose finances are arranged upon a
better basis. ; ,u.
The effect of this bill is certainly to curtail the
! value of the banks. It is certainly to curtail
l their usefulness without advantage to anybody
j and with disadvantage to everybody. It does
! not further a lower rate of interest. It does
in combination, exercising combined influence
against the people and their business interests.
Mr. BAYARD. I believe it was understood
that there would be a vote taken to-night. I do
not wish to violate any understanding; other-
wise I should move an adjournment. As it is,
I move now that the Senate take a recess until
eight o'clock.
Mr. SPRAGUE, (at six o'clock and ten min-
utes p. m.) I move that the Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
lan.) The Senator from Rhode Island moves
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
navs.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; ana being
taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays 36, as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Harris, Johnston, Mc-
Creery. Pratt, and Spragne—0.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Borcman, Buckingham,
Cameron, Chandler, Cole. Corbctt, Drake, Fen ton.
Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard,
Howe, llowel), Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Os-
born, Pomeroy. Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Ross, Saw-
yer, Scliurz, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton,
Thurman, Warner, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son—36.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Carpenter, Cattcll, Colliding, (Jragin, Davis, Ed-
munds, Hamilton, Ivellogrg, Lewis, McDonald, Mor-
rill of Maine, Norton, Nye,Patterson, Pool,Robert-
son, Saulsbnry, Spencer, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Trumbull, Vickers, and Yates—'Si.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. BAYARD. I renew the motion to take
a recess until half-past eight o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware moves that the Senate take a
recess until half-past eight o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment recurs ou the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsiu.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD and Mr. HOWE called for
the reading of the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the tenth section by inserting in line six, after
"United States," the words "one third of
which shall be," and in line seven by striking
out the words "section three" and inserting
41 each of the first three sections;" so as to
read: /
That any banking association organixed or to bo
organized under tbe national currency act and the
acts amendatory thereof may, upon depositing with
the Treasurer ot theUnitedStates notes to an amount
not less than #50,000, receive an equal amount of
registered bonds of tho United States, on® third of
which shall bo of the kind and description provided
for by each of the first three sections of this act, and
may deposit the same as the security for circulating
notes, Ate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameron, Corbctt,
Gilbert, Hamlin, Harl «.B we. Howell.Mornll of
Vermont, Pomeroy, ftaptaey, Revels, Schurz, Scott.
Sprague, and Trninbon—16. # .
nays—Messrt. Bayard, Casserly, Chandler, Cole.
Drake, Ferry, Fowler, Harris, Howard. Johnaton.
McCreery, Morton. Osborn, Pratt, Rice. Rom. Sher-
man, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Warner.
Willey, Williams, and WifSon—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony. Boreman,
Brownlow, Carpenter. Cattell, Conklmg. Cragin,
Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Hamilton, Kellogg. Lewis
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye, Patter-
gon, Pool. Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spencer,
Thayer, Tipton, Vickers, and Yates—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to strike out sec-
' tion four of this bill. Thisis the section exempt-
ing from all taxation by or under national,
State, municipal, or local authority, this entire
funded debt, or debt when funded. As to the
words " State, municipal, or local,1' they are
merely surplusage. No one, I believe, pre-
tends that it is within the power of any State,
city, or other local authority in the United
States t<? tax the issues of the United States
| -JSn i! 5SS n P~'
