1878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
tion of the country's property should bear its
fair share of the public burdens. Before this
late revolution none of our acts authorizing
Government bonds contained any such provis-
ion as this. It is something new; and how-
ever well intended in the way of increasing the
credit of the bonds, certainly it is open to the
grave objection that I make. It is perfectly
plain that in case of a foreign war, or any other
cause for great national expenditure, this
$1,200,000,000 of the amassed capital of the
country is to be totally exempt from any share
of the expense of protecting itself. We have
lived in times of sorrow and emergency in this
land, when men were compelled from their
poverty to enter the armiesof the United States.
Sir, I should consider it most manifestly unjust,
and I think the statement of the proposition
cannot be strengthened by any argument, that
the mere wealth of the country is to be exempt
from public burdens when the body of the
population may have life itself taken from them
for the purpose of protecting the country. For
that reason I move that this section be stricken
out, and on that question I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. i'HURMAN. I only wish to call atten-
tion to the fact that if this section remains in
the bill not even the income tax can be levied
on these bonds.
Mr. FOWLER. I have a word to say in
reference to this amendment. When the Gov-
ernment goes into the market for money it
goes there as an individual. It assumes no
particular authority in any way whatever. It
loses all idea of sovereignty or anything of that
kind, and makes a contract with individuals.
It is sacredly bound by that contract, and
ought to discharge it. It has no right, directly
or indirectly, to tax or diminish the force and
effect of the obligation it enters into at first.
Now, sir, with reference to this tax, all those
persons who derive an income from bonds of
course pay taxes on everything they eat, drink,
and wear, the same as other persons ; and as
the amount that they purchase depends on
their income, of course their incomes are
taxed in that way. If in addition to the taxes
that they pay on all those articles that they
purchase they are also to pay a percentage
out of their income you tax them twice on
the same subject.
But I regard the question as both politically
and morally settled by the fact that the Gov-
ernment is but an humble individual going
into the market and asking for credit, and
promising to pay so much for its credit. There-
fore I am opposed to taxing these bonds in
any manner whatever, either directly or indi-
rectly.
Then, again, there is no advantage in it to
the community. If you propose to tax the
income arising from these bonds, or tax the
bonds themselves, of course you must make
that fact known wftn you go into the market,
and your credit will net be so good, or you will
have to pay a higher price for credit than you
would were you to charge no tax. If you im-
pose a tax on the bonds or on the income aris-
ing from them that tax comes out of the people
themselves after all, because the Government
must pay it when it makes a contract to borrow
money. It cannot get that money on as good
terms as when it takes off all taxes from them.
So that so far as the people are concerned it
comes out of them in either case. There is no
advantage to the people; there is no advantage
to the Government, but a disadvantage ; and
besides it places the Government, in my opin-
ion, in a wrong position, both politically and
morally.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator
must be aware that almost the only tax to
which these bonds would be susceptible would
be the income tax. That is almost the only
imaginable tax that I am aware of that could
be levied upon them. Now, sir, I think 1 am
justified in saying as matter of fact, and appeal
to the knowledge of Senators who may be more
certain than myself, that there is no nation in
Europe that does not tax the income upon the
interest of its public debt in the hands of its
citizens ; and I do know that the increase of
the income tax in Europe is a preliminary fact
or a concurrent fact with every declaration of
war made. I know that when the proposition
was made in the British Parliament to recog-
nize the late southern confederacy Lord Pal-
merston was willing to have the motion brought
forward when it was likely to have carried,
and he only stopped it by saying to those who
pressed him, " Well, gentlemen, thisshall be;
but remember that this is equivalent to a decla-
ration of war against the United States, and
you must accompany your proposition to recog-
nize the confederacy by the addition of two
pennies on the pound upon your income tax
and therefore, sir, when the pocket-nerve of
the capitalists of that nation was touched in the
proper way they abandoned their proposition.
Mr. THURMAN. I have but one word to
say on this proposition. I shall vote for the
motion made by the Senator from Delaware.
The power to tax is a power belonging to this
Government, and in my opinion this Govern-
ment has no right to abdicate any of its pow-
ers. If it can abdicate its power to tax this
property it can abdicate its power to tax
other property, and so it may go on until it
abdicates all power of taxation. Suppose one
Congress says these bonds shall not be taxed;
how is that to bind another Congress ? There
is nothing in your Constitution that secures
these bonds against taxation because this
Forty-First Congress says they shall not be
taxed. What is to prevent any other Congress
from repealing this section in your bill if you
pass it ? What right have you to tie the hands
of any other Congress by abdicating one of
the powers of this Government? You might
as well undertake to abdicate the power of
making war.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, there has
been an amendment made to this section which
I do not think o.ught to have been made, and
that is the amendment exempting the income
of the bonds from taxation. I think that is all
wrong. As to reserving in the Federal Gov-
ernment the right to tax these bonds, nothing
would be gained by it, but on the contrary we
should lose by it. If you go into the markets
of the world and propose to borrow money,
reserving the right of the Federal Government
to tax, you have immediately got to pay the
burden of that reservation. The Treasury of
the United States would gain nothing by that.
But there is one thing to be considered. The
States cannot tax these bonds. A great por-
tion of them, it is well known, are held in cer-
tain portions of the country mainly and chiefly,
and the mass of the people who live in that
section of the country have some reason to
complain of this exemption. The honest and
fair thing would be to provide in the bill that
the bonds might be taxed a quarter of one per
cent, or a half of one per cent, by the General
Government, the proceeds from the tax on the
bonds held abroad to go into the Treasury to
be used to pay the debt, and the proceeds of the
tax on those bonds held in the different States
by individuals and corporations to be paid over
to the States in which those individuals and
corporations live, to be used there by the mass
of the people for their benefit and to pay their
taxes. I do not know what right anybody
would have to complain who lives in a State
that does not own any of these bonds; nobody
gains anything or loses anything by it. Bat
those who live in the States where millions
of these bonds aro held and they are exempt
from taxation feel that burden and have some
right to complain of it.
I should like to propose an amendment,
though I think I shall not do so now, similar
to the one that I proposed here two years ago
when this subject was before us, and that was
to tax the bonds, putting the money received
on the bonds held out of the country into the
national Treasury, and giving the money re-
ceived on those held in the States to the States.
I did not see anybody on the other side of the
Chamber in favor of that proposition at that
time. I should like such a proposition as that.
It would put several hundred thousand dollars
into the treasury of my State to be used to
lighten the burdens of the mass of our people,
who now have no means of taxing these bonds.
They are complaining a little about it, and I
think they have a right to do so.
Now, I should like to ask the Senator from
Delaware if he is ready to do the just and fair
thing ? To tax bonds on the part of the Fed-
eral Government is only burdening every State.
By doing that you would lose two dollars in
borrowing the money where you get one from
that taxation. Everybody knows that. But
you cannot allow the States and local munici-
palities to tax these bonds. They have no
right to do so, and the Supreme Court has so
decided. Now, let us here in Congress be just
to the four or five States in the Union that have
taken a large portion of your bonds and will
probably take the rest, for they have got to
exchange their old bonds for these new ones,
and let the Federal Government pay over to
those States whatever the tax is after reserving
the tax on those held abroad, and let our labor-
ing people have the advantage of it. If the
Senator from Delaware is ready to vote for
snch an amendment as that, which is just and
equitable, I have it on my desk and I should
like to propose it and to vote for it
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would not
detain the Senate one moment if the Senate
were ready to vote.
Several Senators. We are all ready.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I will
not say anything.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware, to strike out the fourth section of
the bill.
Mr. BOREM AN. Is that section susceptible
of amendment before the vote is taken on the
question of strikiug out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opin-
ion of the Chair it is.
Mr. BOREM AN. Then I move to strike out
the words "and the annual interest thereon."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As I see the
Senate are not quite ready to vote, I will say a
word. This is a mere question of facts and
figures. The question is, what is best for the
United States Government? Now suppose,as
the Senator from Delaware has intimated, we
should reserve the power of levying a national
tax upon these bonds. The only tax to be lev-
ied would be the income tax. Suppose the
loan was a five per cent. loan, the interest on
a $100 bond would amount to five dollars, and
the income tax 011 that would be twenty-five
cents. Does anybody suppose that the tax
would not make more than that difference in
negotiating the loan? Could we not negotiate
it for at least one per cent, better by not retain-
ing the power to tax ? Look at the bare face
of the thing, of the Government negotiating a
loan and stipulating to pay five per cent.,
and yet reserving the right to deduct as much
from that as it chose; or, under the proposition
of the Senator from Massachusetts, it results
in the direct appropriation and distribution of
so much to the Treasury of the United States.
Whatever sum would be put into the Treasury
arising from the foreign loan would perhaps be
saved; but does that Senator suppose we could
negotiate a loan with such a provision as that
in relation to taxes? I do not. Then his other
proposition, so far as it concerns the State*,
would be merely a direct distribution and ap-
propriation from the Treasury of the United
States to the several States.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask the Senator
one question. We have an income tax from
which we receive thirty or forty million dol-
lars annually; I do not recollect the precis#
