566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
is, gigantic, colossal, towering over the whole
State, making itself manifest in this Capitol—a
terrible fact! Senators ask for a fact; I give
it to them. In the face of that fact it is pro-
posed to hurry this bill, without any inquiry,
so as to complete the sacrifice.
Sir, I am in earnest in this .matter. I wish
to save that great and beautiful State from the
wicked schemes of rebels. I wish to throw
such influence as I may have in behalf of the
Unionists there, whether white or black. I
wish to throw over them the protecting cegis
of the nation. Will you not help in that work?
Will you hurry on this sacrifice?
Senators ask for a fact. I have given you
one. J ust as I was rising to speak I received
a letter, from which I will read a passage:
"During all the campaign in Virginia last summer
1 never hoard of a single Conservative speaker say-
ing anything in favor of the suffrage or free-school
or county organization or taxation clauses of the
new constitution. So far from that, it was the senti-
ment universally expressed by the Conservatives
that these clauses were obnoxious and ought never
to be enforced. On the first Monday of June. 1869,
Hon. B. II. Shackelford, of Warrenton, made his
speech in the court-house at Brentsville, to the fol-
lowing effect: after a tirade of the most bitter im-ee-
tives againstnorthern settlers and the Union soldiers,
he came to the question whether Virginians should
vote for the constitution. He urged them to do so
in order"—
Be good enough to mark this, if you please,
sir—
'' in order that they might get the power into their
own hands."
You will see how the whole tribe took the
watchword and countersign from their candi-
date for Governor—
"that they might get the power into their own
hands. He said the constitution was a nullity, as it
wouldbe adopted under coercion, and that the Con-
servative party was pledged not to enforce itsobnox-
ious provisions. And then followed the following
language,which I think I quote verbatim, as I made
a note of it at the time: ' Why,' said he, ' what does
the Radical Congress care about constitutions? Have
they not been trampling the United States Constitu-
tion under foot ever since they had the power, and
won't we do the same thing with this constitution
when we get into power at Richmond? Of course
we will.'
" Mr. Shackelford was the nominee of the Con-
servatives of the seventh congressional district for
Congress, but being under disabilities finallv with-
drew-in favor of Hon. Lewis McKenzie. Mr. Shack-
elford^, without doubt, the ablest man of the Con-
servative party in northern Virginia and a repre-
sentative of Conservative sentiment. I should add
that the-above sentiment was applauded by a corwded
liouse, and more than any sentiment advanced in
three speeches made that day."
There is a fact; Senators ask for it. Now,
I give what I will call a petition or a prayer
from another Virginian, one who has received
trust from his Stale :
"A majority of the countics in Virginia havo-loyal
majorities, and nothing but intimidation prevented
us from havingaloyal majority in the present Legis-
lature. If the loyal people of Virginia can beheard,
through sworn testimony taken by a congressional
committee, such a talc of horror, intimidation, and
fraud will bo related as will cause the loyal millions
of the North to stand aghast."
Now, sir, lieA is another fact: it may not
interest Senators who are with whip and spur
driving up this sacrifice ; but if there are any
within the sound of my voice who have not
yet entirely forgotten their obligations to the
freedmen, I know it must interest them ; this
is from- one of their faithful guardians :
" I write by urgent request—
Says my correspondent—
"to tell you the story of a few teachers of treedmen
who have settled in an obscuro region at the mouth
°/ '"C Potomac, and to ask you if after the admis-
sion oi v lrgmia there would be any protection for
us in our work other than that the State would give.
Some have bought land to be divided for homes for
treed people, caused schools to be builtand teachers'
homes. The colored people living in the windowless
and floorless huts of the slavo time could not give
teachers homes under their roofs. Other homes were
sealed against them on account of their vocation.
"I should say that the poor people, white and
colored, just emerging from bondago who ask the
news hear with eager delight that thoirperil is post-
poned."
They see that the Senate has not yet acted
on this bill, that the sacrifice is not yet con-
summated; and it is with eager delight that
they find their peril pbstponed. The letter
then proceeds :
"The few brave spirits in this community who
have quietly stood by justice have encountered
every indignity, even to personal violence, during
their residence here. These wait on the decision ol
Congress with a knowledge that it holds their fate
inits hands. We all know that ' universal amnesty
and universal suffrage' granted to Virginia will
make us martyrs or put us-to flight. Our convictions
are caused by the action of this community last sum-
mer at the time of the election, when the disloyal
felt themselves triumphant."
Then is given a sketch of some of the pro-
ceedings at the election, which I omit, and the
letter proceeds:
"The Southrons are good at threatening and
equally good at carrying out their threats. There-
fore we hope our friends in Congress who have our
fate in their hands will never give us over bound
handand foot to our own andour country's enemies."
Here is another letter, just received from
Richmond, in which the writer sets forth., "the
great difficulties we are laboring under to prop-
erly impress Congress with the truth as,to the
political and social condition of this people.
Permit me to suggest that a joint committee
of both Houses be chosen who shall have power
to send for persons and papers and to take
evidence under oath. If this should be done a
state of feeling and of facts would be developed
that would astonish the most sanguine believer
in the loyalty of Virginia. Sir, I have seen and
heard almost daily words and actions, since the
present question of admitting Virginia has been
before your honorable bodies, that would con-
demn three fourths of the Conservatives to the
criminal cells if justice were done."
Mr. STEWART, Who is,the writer of that?
Mr. SUMNER. It is a gentleman from
Richmond. The Senator asks for his name.
In old pro-slavery days, when it was my duty
to expose the atrocities of slavery, the repre-
sentatives of slavery very often said, " Give us
the name." Of course the giving the name
sealed the fate of the writer of the letter. I
did no such thing then, and I cannot do it now
unless the Senator and those who unite with
him in pressing this bill to its fatal consumma-
tion will promise in all respects to protect this
faithful citizen and his associates. Let him do
that, and then the names will all be forthcom-
ing.
Here is another, sir; the place from which
this comes is Lynchburg:
"The sentiment of the people is growing moro
bitter. As an example, a preacher in this city, the
pastor of one of the largest and strongest churches
hero, in last Sabbath morning's service from his
pu] pit most bitterly denounced the Congress of the
United States as a pack of infamous villains, and
kept on in a strain like that, reminding one of the old
rebellion times. My life was threatened on my return
in the cars by a squad of men, who took me to task for
what I had said at Washington, and I was compelled
to appeal to the conductor of the train for protection.
The sentiment of the people is growing so bitter
since there is a prospeet of their getting control of
the State"—
That is the point—
"that many of'the colored people are leaving the
State to escape what thoy believe is certainly their
doom if the State is admitted under the control of
the Conservative party."
You ask for a fact. There it is. Here is
another, from Charlottesville:
"We would respectfully represent
Says this writer who represents many others
besides himself—
" that tho bill"— i!
I think he refers to one which I had the '
honor of introducing, proposing the test-oath !
to the Legislature, with regard to tho legality '!
of which I have no doubt— " •
" We would respectfully represent that tho bill i« •
heartily indorsed and approved by all the good neo- !
pie in this portion of tho State; and if it should" not i
become a law all the rights of the loyal citizens in i
this Commonwealth will be trampled under foot and -
swept away by rebol rule. It ig true, as they have :
said, they will punish us in a thousand ways and ■
no law can reach them for their punishment." '■
Then, again, here is other testimony from
Culpeper Court-House: ' !
" I see by the papers that in a speech before tho >i
United States Senate you think the loyal portion i1
of Virginia should be heard on the state of tho elec-
tion held in this State July 6,1869."
I did think so; I think so still.
" I, as well as the Republicans of thi8 county,
agree with you, and I have spoken to some of those
who I am perfectly sure will give a true statement
of affairs during the election."
And then he mentions the names of certain
persons whom it would be proper to summon
as witnesses.
Here is another, bearing date the same day,
from a place that was once the track of battle,
Spottsylvania Court-House. The writer says:
"I am satisfied if you knew the true situation of
affairs here in Virginia you would excuse me for thus
introducing myself and addressing you. I am a plain
fanner, making farming and not polities my study.
I came to Virginia ten years since. During that
time I have been able to keep my eyes and ears
open, but much of the time have been forced to keep
my mouth shut. I claim to have studied the char-
acter and disposition of the people of Virginia as
carefully and as thoroughly as I could with the oppor-
tunity I have had, and I think few have had, better,
and I do not hesitate to say that if Virginia is to be
admitted without the application of the test-oath-to
those who are or may be eleetedto offices in theState,
both State officers and members of Congress, it will
be the death-blow to the peace and prosperity of tho
loyal people of the State. If Congress could realize
for a moment what the loyal people have suffered
for the last eleven years, and what they are stilt
suffering from this same party who are now and
have so long been strenuously urging upon Congress ,
the practicability and even justice of abolishing tho
test-oath, and the incalculable injury and injustice
they are sure to encounter and suffer at their hands
for an indefinite period to come, I am satisfied they
would not hesitate for a moment to insist upon the
test-oath as one of the conditions of her admission."
Senators ask for a fact. I give them facts
in numbers. But, behind all, I give again the
great domineering fact that the election was
carried by an immense, gigantic, immoral fraud.
It was carried by an appeal to the rebel people
throughout the State that they should take the
control of the State and in that way nullify the
constitution and trample out the system of
common schools. That is the great fact which
dominates over this question. Until that fact
is answered it is impossible-for the Senate to
proceed with the consideration of this bill.
How can that fact be answered? Only by in-
quiry. _ Have you not been put on inquiry?
You listened yesterday to the record of the
Governor recently chosen. It was his testi-
mony against himself. Nothing by anybody
else ; only what he said himself. Out of his
own mouth was he condemned. You know
the appeals which he-made as lie traversed the
State. You know the final result of those ap-
peals. Now, I insist, the fact stands conspicu-
ous before you and unanswerable that that
election was carried by an appeal which was
in itself the very worst of frauds.
Mr. STEWART. I did not intend again to
reply to any remarks made by the Senator from
Massachusetts in the course of this debate. It
is exceedingly painful to be urged and crowded
and forced into a personal altercation, to be
likened unto the slave-masters because I simply-
had the audacity to call for the name of the
writer of a letter. This is not the first time
that the Senator has used the same kind of
language to me. When, standing, by my desk,
under the direction of the Judiciarv Committee,
last February I reported in favor of the fifteenth
constitutional amendment and against a pet
measure of the Senator to legislate to grant
suffrage, notwithstanding it was the opinion of
the whole country that the Constitution pre-
vented it, I was told that I had sacrificed tho
cause and done more harm than I ever could
do good. I was treated in the same manner
during the contest for that great amendment
that I am to-day. Break down Virginia now
anu that amendment is gone.
I am accused of imitating the manner of a
slave-driver because I ask for the name of the
author of a letter read here in the Senate,
oil', what are the privileges of this body ? Ia
this a place where slander is free? Is this a
place where men can send anonymous letters
to blacken the characters of their neighbors
without responsibility, the Senator reading
tnera protected by his privilege and, the writer
