5654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
and nays on the motion of Mr. Ward, to lay
the resolution on the tabie.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 73, nays 98, not voting
59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Arnell, Asper, Afc-
wood, Barnum, Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Blair,
Boles, Boyd, BuGinton. Burcbard.Araasa Cobb, Con-
ger, Covode, Cowles, Culleui, Davis. Donley, Duval,
Vcrriss, Jerry, l?itcb. Gilfillan. Hawkins, Hay, Hill,
Jiotchkiss, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, Ijasb,
Lawrence, Loughridsre, MeCrary, McGrew. Mercur,
Eliakim II. Moore, William Moore. Morphia, Daniel
J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, O'Neill, Phelps,Por-
ter, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Sc.ofield,
Shanks, Porter Sheldon, William J. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Strong, Tan-
ner, Taylor, Townsend, Twit-hell, Upson, Ward, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Wilkinson,
Willard, and Williams—73.
HAYS—Messrs. Archer, Armstrong, Axtell, Ayer,
Barry, Bcck, Benton. Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Booker,
George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buck, Bucklcy,
Bni'dett, Burr, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cleveland. Coburn, Conner, Cox, Crebs,
Dickey, Dickinson, Eldridge, Parnsworth, Finkeln-
burg, "li'ox, Garfield, Getz, Griswold, lfaight, Halde-
raan, llambleton, Ilamill, Hamilton, Hays, Heflin,
Ilolmau, Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Jolinsou, Kcl-
ley, Kerr, Knott, Lewis, Lynch, Marshall, Mayhnm,
Jlaynard,McCarthy, McCormick, McKee.McKenzie,
McNeely, Milnes, Myers, Niblack, Orth, Packard,
Balrner, Peek, Peters, Poland, Potter, Proper, Itan-
dall, Reeves, Rice, Rogers. Roots. Slocum, Joseph S.
Smith, Stevenson, Stiles, Stone. Strickland, Swann,
Sweeney, Taffe, Trimble. Tyner, Van Auken, Van
Horn, Voorhces, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Winans, Winchester, Witcher, and Wood-
ward—98.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Bailey,
Banks, Beaman, Bovven, Benjamin I'. But'or, Ro-
derick R.Butler, William T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb,
Cook, Darrall, Dawes, Degencr, Dixon, Dockery,
Dox, Dyer, 351a, Fisher, Gibson, Hale, Hams, Haw-
ley, Hoar, Ilose, Alexander H. Jones. Thomas L.
Jones, Judd, Ketcham, La 11 in, Logan, Jesse H.
Mooie, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, Neglcy, New-
shaua, Packer, Paine, Perce, Piatt, Pomeroy, Ridg-
way, Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod, Sho-
ber. John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stough-
ton, Strader, Tillman, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Wal-
lace, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Whitmore, and
Wood-59.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the
table was not agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution.
The resolution was agreed to; there being—
ayes 88, noes 42.
Mr. CESSNA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr.^PERCB, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An ac-t (H. It. No. 520) for the relief of L.
F. Lark in, of Weldon, North Carolina; and
An act (H. R. No. 1554) for the relief of the
widow of James L. Kiernan, late consul to
Chiti-Kiang, China.
Mr. N EGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 952) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act granting lands to the State of
Oregon to aid in the construction of a military
wagon-road from Albany, Oregon, to the east-
ern boundary of said State.
ADDITIONAL MEMBBlt FROM TENNESSEE.
Mr. HOLMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. CKSSNA. I rise to a question of priv-
juwjp. On the 7th of April, 1869, the Com-
mittee of Elections reported favorably a bill to
s:r.t!it to the State of Tennessee an additional
Representative in the House. The bill was in
charge of Mr. Heaton ; and owing to his sick-
ness and death there has been delay in reach;
ing it. In order to do justice to the State ot
Tennessee I ask the Bou's'e now to consider
that bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a question offrrder.
I submit that the proposition of my colleague
[Mr. Cessna] is not a question of privilege,
nor even a privileged question."
The SPEAKER. It is not. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] is on the
floor.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Horace Porter,
one of his secretaries, notifying the House that
he had approved and signed bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles :
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 374) author-
izing the Postmaster General to adjust the
accounts of George Choi-penning;
An act (H. R. No. 1808) to provide for in-
ventories and accounts of the property of the
Dnited States in the public buildings and
grounds belonging to the United States in the
District of Columbia;
An act(H. R. No. 1533) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 80, 1871, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 335) for the relief of
Jearum Atkins;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 383) author-
izing the extension of the supervision of the
Capitol police over the Botanic Garden;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 381) giving
condemned cannon to decorate the soldiers'
burial plat at Whit® Plains, New York ;
A joint resolution (EI. R. No. 382) granting
condemned cannon for the erection of soldiers
monuments;
An act (II. R. No. 1803) to disapprove of
certain acts of the Legislative Assembly of
Idaho Territory, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 930) to provide for the
compensation of grand aud petit jurors in the
circuit and district courts of the United Stales,
and for other purposes ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 183) directing
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to issue a patent to Stephen Marston, State of
Connecticut, conveying to the said Marston the
land described in said resolution ;
An act (H. R. No. 2165) making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 2408) for the creation
of an additional land district in the State of
California, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 2409) for the relief of
Rittenhouse P. Fink;
An act (H. R. No. 1300) to provide for the
reports of the receipts and expenditures of the
Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
Houss of Representatives of the United States,
and for other purposes;
An act (I-I. R. No. 1224) donating for school
purposes a certain lot of land, with the build-
ing thereon.erected, known as the Old Indian
Dormitory, in the village of Mackinaw, Michi-
gan i
An act (H. R. No. 2082) making appropri
ations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 363) to confirm title to
certain lands in Illinois ;
An act (H. R. No. 2412) to remove the legal
and political disabilities of W. C. Whilthorne,
of Maury county, Tennessee;
An act (H. R. No. 2369) making additional
appropriations and to supply the deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1870, and June 30, 1871, and for other
purposes;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 224) for the
relief of Mrs. Margaret P. Robinson, of Ken-
tucky ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 376) authoriz-
ing the donation of certain property of the
United States in the city of Galveston, State
of Texas, to said city ;
An act (H. R. No. 2354) for the relief of
Yassar College;
An act (H. R. No. 829) granting a pension
to Jerry Gordon;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 378) granting
condemned cannon to the Delaware Soldiers'
and Sailors' Monument Association ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 380) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to furnish cannon to
soldiers' plat in Riverview cemetery, at Tren-
ton, New Jersey;
An act (H. R. No. 2410) for the relief of
Sarah L. Goodrich ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 372) to per-
mit the Secretary of the Treasury to allow cer-
tain boats to carry passengers and their bag-
gage between American ports on Lake Ontario;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 323) giving
condemned ordnance to the National Asylum
for Disabled Soldiers, Milwaukee, Wisconsin ;
An act (H. R. No. 2352) to relieve Vernon
H. Vaugh, of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, ofaillegal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth article of the amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States; and
An act (H. R. No. 2244) for the relief of
the United States and Brazil Steamship Com-
pany.
1IEIRS OP COLONEL WILLIAM GATES.
Mr. HOLMAN. At the instance of quite a
number of members, I have sought^ the floor
for the purpose of moving a suspension of the
rules to consider the bill (S. No. 272) to settle
the claim of the heirs of toe late Colonel Wil-
iian Gates, of the United States Army. I ask
the House to hear read the statement of Gen-
eral Curtis, m 1860, submitted to this House
in a report made by the Committee on Military
Affairs during the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read, and
afterward the report.
The bill was read. It proposes to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay $5,567 50
to Mrs. H. L. Gates, widow of the late Col-
onel William Gates, of the United States Army,
who acted as collector of revenue or military
contributions during the late war with Mexico,
nnder the direction of the President of the
United States, it being the amount of h;s share
of the proceeds of the sale of the schooner
Oregon and cargo, seized and confiscated in
April, 1847, at the port of Tampico, being equal
to the share of his deputy, Franklin Chase and
others, his subordinates, who, by special acts
of Congress, have been allowed and paid their
shares of the vessel and cargo.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire, with the unani-
mous consent of the House, to say a word.
This Senate bill was, on my motion, referred
to the Committee of Claims. The Committee
of Claims have not acted on it or authorized
me to report it back. I am reporting it back
without any instructions from the committee.
I do not assume to say whether this claim is
one which Congress ought to recognize or not.
But I wish to submit a report made to the
House in 1860 by General Cnrtis, chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress. This report contains
a fair and correct statement of the foundation
of the claim, and I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read the following report:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the petition of Colonel William Gates, of
the "United States Army, have had the same under
consideration, and present the following report:
During the late war with Mexico in 1847 and 1848,
Colonel William Gates was appointed and acted a.-i
commanding officer and collector of Tampico, in
Mexico, during which service he collected and paid
over to tho United States Treasury neaily a miili >a
dollars. Anions? other sources of his collections
were the proceeds of a confiscation and sale ot Use
schooner Oregoai and cargo, which was seized and
sold for violation of some revenue or national 1 uv,
said schooner having on board arms and ammunition
contraband of war designed for the Mexican army.
The sale of the schooner and cargo amounted to
$22,270.
Doubts have arisen as to thef roper compensation
duo to those who participated in tbis confiscation,
a.nd it is to secure bis fair proportion that Colonel
