3766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
donl loss for labor than wo do; but wo do more in
0110 day than they do, and what wo loso in iron wo
gain is labor."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PE LERS. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. MARSHALL addressed the House in
remarks which will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, the subject
before us affects so many interests, and is of
such importance, that it is difficult for any
single measure to unite the opinions of the
different parties represented in the House or of
the differentsectionsof thecountry. Although
the bill reported by the committee now under
consideration is open to objection, and par-
ticularly to that just presented by the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] that it will
not affect completely aud entirely the purpose
intended, yet nevertheless it is true that it is a
beginning, and we must have a beginning, and
this is as good a commencement as can be sug-
gested by any person representing any one of
the varied public interests of the country.
Perhaps the best comparison of American
commerce with the general commerce of the
world was that published in 1855. The com-
mercial tonnage of the globe then amounted
to fifteen million one hundred and twenty-five
thousand tons. Of that amount Great Britain
represented five million and the United States
five million two hundred thousand. The Uni-
ted States in 1855 had'an equal if not larger
tonnage than any other nation. It had in-
creased during the thirty years preceding at
the rate of fifty-eight per cent, per annum,
while the increase of the tonnage of Great
Britain for the same period was only twenty-
eight per cent., and it was then estimated that
if the same ratio of increase continued for
thirty years succeeding 1855, which would
have carried it to 1885, the tonnage of the
United States would have been equal, if it had
not exceeded, that of all other nations.
The growth of American commerce began
to be sensibly and powerfully felt during the
administration of General Jackson. It must
be conceded that the liberal arrangement of
impost duties which existed in the early part
of this period, aud especially that the suc-
cessful establishment of cotton manufactures,
which brought into the markets of the world
a new fabric, representing a larger quantity
of raw material, which with us was cheap, and
a smaller amount of labor, which was dear,
that other nations had manufactured, contrib-
nted to extend the then rising commerce of
the country. But this does not explain the
extraordinary growth it attained in this period.
There were other powerful aid% accorded to it.
The lesson of that period ought not to be dis-
regarded now. When President Jackson came
into power be found outstanding difficulties
with almost everyi country on the face of the
globe; difficulties which had existed in many
instances from the creation of the Government.
He gave his first attention to these questions.
He settled one after another, every one of them,
and at the close of his last term we were in
absolute peace with' all the world. We were
not only at peace, but on terms of friendship
■with all foreign States.
Of course there was nothing to interrupt and
everything to support it. New manufactures
created, what other manufacturing States had
not supplied, without competition in foreign
markets, a liberal and reasonably permanent
system of impost duties. A people at peace
with all the world, profitably employed; the
public debt had been paid, taxes were light,
and nothing to disturb the confidence of those
engaged in any of the pursuits of national in-
dustry. These are the conditions of success-
ful industry, and especially of prosperous com-
merce. There must be, first of all, confidence
at home and peace abroad. A contented peo-
ple and a strong Government are the essential
conditions of its existence, and the adminis-
tration of President Jackson, in seeking first
of all to establish these domestic and foreign
relations of this character, gave to the country
a foundation for commercial operations which
was of itself a guarantee of success. The re-
sult has been stated. lu thirty years we had
equaled, if not surpassed, the commercial ton-
nage of the British empire. The percentage
of increase for a third of a century was nearly
double that of Great Britain. In thirty years
succeeding 1S55 the same ratio of increase
would have given to the United States the
greater part of the commercial tonnage of the
world.
But now the condition of public affairs is
greatly changed. This is not to be charged as
the especial fault of anybody ; it is the result,
natural, and almost inevitable, of the great
events in which we have participated. Our
debt is large ; our taxes are heavy ; the system
of impost duties is necessarily burdensome
upon trade; business is depressed, confidence
is impaired, and our relations with other coun-
tries not as pleasant as we could wish. We
have a difference with Russia, growing out of
treaty stipulations of which she complains, which
leads her to contemplate what she calls retalia-
tion. There is an unpleasant consequential
embarrassment between us and Austria, grow-
ing out of the failure of her invasion of Mexico
during our rebellion, aud its disastrous conse-
quences to one of the members of the imperial
family. We have for reasons of our own dis-
continued diplomatic relations with Rome.
We have a postal controversy with France.
Denmark has an unsettled controversy with us
which seriously affects her relations with us, if
it does not touch her honor as a nation and
lead to other embarrassments hereafter. The
Governor of the Sandwich Islands complains
that a treaty entered into with him more than
three years since is not only unsettled, but
has never been respectfully considered. There
is pending with San Domingo a question of a
similar character. With the South American
republics our relations are not those of perma-
nent peace. Brazil complains of our policy,
as we did of hers, during her war with Para-
guay. Our unhappy controversy with the
latter Government is fresh in the recollection
of every member of the House. Our attention
has been called to the necessity of enforcing a
convention with Venezuela, and it is reported
in the public journals that one or more war
vessels are to be ordered to that country to
secure the rights of our citizens and the observ-
ance of its treaties with us. And a like appre-
hension exists in regard to our relations with
another South American State. We have in-
ternational controversies with Spain that can-
not be lightly regarded nor easily settled, dif-
ficulties which have constantly reappeared^ at
different times for nearly a century, and which
it is scarcely possible to adjust except by the
withdrawal of the Spanish flag from the Amer-
ican continent. Of our unhappy controversy
with Great Britain it is unnecessary to speak.
No one can refer to it without apprehension,
or recall the occasion of it without indigna-
tion and sorrow.
Such considerations of themselves show the
impossibility of an extensive and prosperous
commerce with foreign States. The very nature
of foreign commerce requires that there shall
be friendly relations with all Governments with
which we seek to trade. And until these inter-
national controversies can be settled, every one
must see that the investment of capital for the
reestablishment of a prosperous commerce is
impossible. But enough of that.
There is another difficulty. Gentlemen from
the West resist legislation for the benefit of
commerce because, strangely enough, it is in
the nature of protection. It is protection to
commerce, they say, and therefore objection-
able. But gentlemen from the West know
very well that there is no one interest in which
they are concerned which is not more liberally
protected than our commerce ever was, or than
any other public interest. Yet western men
seem to believe, as southern men believed
some time ago, that a single great interest is
sufficient to support a Government; they seem
to believe that agriculture, the most, important
interest, istheonlyone to which the attention
of the Government should be turned, as the
southern men believed that southern products
were sufficient to insure permanent national
prosperity.
But those gentlemen will find that although
agriculture may be a most important interest
it will not of itself sustain a nation like this.
They will find, as the South has found, as every
nation will find that seeks to establish pros-
perity upon a single interest, however import-
ant and profitable it may be, that in the end it
will be as dust and ashes to them, aud lead their
people, as it did those of the South, to destruc-
tion. Commerce must be protected as well as
wool and cotton and copper aud other west-
ern productions have been protected. We shall
then have a broad and lasting foundation for
the prosperity we seek.
They say, " Let us buy ships where we can
buy them cheapest; that is the way to become a
commercial nation!" Sir, no Government on
the face of the earth ever became a commercial
nation or a commercial Power that could not
or did not build ships for itself. France and
Germany buy ships; but Germany is not yet a
commercial nation, though she is struggling to
obtain outlets to the seas of the world. She
will become a commercial nation, one of the
Powers of the earth on the sea as on the land.
But she will then build her own ships, educate
her own naval constructors, discipline her own
seamen, and protect her commerce on every
sea by her own naval power. France is buying
ships, but soon she will be ready and able to
build her own steamers and thus sustain her
own power. A different course would be to
give control to the ship building States, who
need but withhold their supplies to become
masters not only of every sea but of all nat.ious.
Another word. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] said the other day that the
great objection to this bill is that it mainly
protects coastwise commerce. Sir, that is the
great merit of the bill. The regeneration of
American commerce must begin with the coast-
wise trade. Y ou cannot reestablish your com-
mercial flag without first reestablishing it upon
our own waters. Who will believe that the
American flag can regain the supremacy in
distant seas it once enjoyed without having
first been reestablished in the coastwise trade
of the country ?
Sir, it is a sad reflection that we see now no
sign of the American flag on the Atlantic. On
the Baltic it is no more seen. From the Black
sea it has disappeared. The Mediterranean sea
and the Indian ocean know it no more. There
is a straggling fleet of steamers on the Pacific,
where it is not likely to remain long, and there
alone does the American flag appear upon the
seas of the earth.
When our commerce is reestablished on our
own coast, our inland seas and rivers, and our
international affairs with other Governments
shall have been amicably adjusted ; when every
section of the country believes it is necessary
to support and cherish, I will not say protect,
all the interests of the country, the prosperity
of commerce as well as other pursuits will be
assured, and we shall have regained in com-
parison with other Governments a power and
affluence even greater than that we so happily
and so recently enjoyed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETERS. I now yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Ferry.]
Mr. FERRY. Mr. Speaker, instead of occu-
pying any time in discussing this bill, I ask
leave to print some remarks which I have pre-
pared upon the general subject of the tariff.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
[The spcech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. PETERS. I yield the remainder of my
time to my colleague, [Mr. Lynch.]
