1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
protected because his name is unknown and
concealed? Is this a forum in which to assas-
sinate character? Sir, 1 would not under any
circumstances in this high place read an
anonymous letter reflecting upon any human
being without giving the name of the author.
Has it come to this, that the privilege thrown
ground Senators that they shall not be held
accountable elsewhere for their debates here
shall be used for the purpose of reading anony-
mous letters which denounce not only individ-
uals, but whole peoples, declaring that they
ought to be in the penitentiary, and the name
of the writers cannot be known? That is
retailed as a " fact"— a fact that two thirds, or
at any rate a large portion of the people of
Virginia should be in the penitentiary. That
"fact'' is brought to us by an anonymous letter-
writer. Is that the privilege of this body? Is
that the way to treat inen? The Governor
of Virginia is denounced as a traitor by the
Senator. Is there anything to justify such a
charge ?
The foremost man in making these charges
has already been exposed by the Senator from
Illinois. The record of the man Porter, who
sat for days beside the Senator from Massa-
chusetts and inspired him with his own ma-
lignity toward these people, has already been
exposed—a record of infamy which is almost
uuparalleled ; a record showing his conviction
before a court-martial of drunkenness, pro-
fanity, treasonable talk, and punishment fol-
lowing it. He comes here and criticises the
acts of others and brings charges against them.
It may be if we had the names of some of
these anonymous letter-writers they would
not figure very well. Has not the testimony
of Porter been damaged by his name being
known? May we not infer that the testimony
of some of these men would be damaged if
their names were known? Is it fair for the
Senate to act upon such testimony as that? I
say the testimony of a man who will not give
his name is worth nothing. Anonymous let-
ters! Who has not received hundreds of them,
threatening letters of all kinds, and who ever
knew an anonymous letter-writer to tell the
truth ?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 read no anonymous letter.
Mr. STEWART. But the assurance is given
that the name is to be concealed. It is anony-
mous so far as the Senate is concerned ; it is
anonymous so far as the world is concerned.
I say if this matter is to be investigated we are
entitled to know who are the witnesses. This
is trifling. I do not suppose that the time will
ever come when there cannot be men found in
Virginia who are willing to write bitter letters
against somebody. If we wait until such letters
as those cannot be paraded Virginia never can
be admitted.
But what are all these charges compared to
the great fact that Virginia held her election
and with a free press all over the country no
one ever heard then of these great frauds.
When they occurred in the South elsewhere we
heard of tliein. We heard of: them in Georgia ;
we heard of them in Mississippi at the first
election. The papers came teeming with them.
Here it is reserved for the loyalists of Virginia,
headed by Porter, to bring these charges into
the Senate. If there had been disturbances at
the election, if there had been an unfair election
anywhere in the United States when the eyes
of the whole country were upon it, something
would have been known of it.
Besides, this election was held under the
especial guardianship of officers of the Govern-
ment ; of General Canby and officers appointed
by him, under the direction of the Administra-
tion. They have the best means of knowing,
and they report that all the conditions have
been complied with, and advise the admission
of the State. That is a fact; and it is a fact
that must be considered, that if this election is
a colossal fraud the Piesident of the United
States, nil') has more knowledge on the sub-
ject thai. c.ny other man and better means of
knowing tbe_faets, has indorsed it. He, hav-
ing his military agents throughout the whole
State reporting to him, comes before Congress
and the world and indorses the action of Vir-
ginia as a whole and asks Congress to admit
her to immediate representation.
That Senators can find individuals to write
anonymous letters making these charges we
expect; but why refer this subject back to the
Judiciary Committee? For what purpose?
To hear the complaints of these men ? Of
course not. The Senator sajs it is a " fact"
that somebody knocked at the door of the Ju-
diciary Committee. These are great facts for
investigation ! I suppose it was Porter who
knocked there when there was nobody there,
and that made a '' fact'' upon which to ask for
the re-reference of this bill!
If it is the design of the Republican party,
which I do not believe, to keep up perpetual
warfare ; if it is designed to have ill-feeling for
all time; if it is designed that there never shall
be any settlement; if it is designed that we
shall never any more have any union or peace;
if it is designed that the constitutional amend-
ment shall not be finally ratified; if it is de-
signed that we shall not have equal rights for
all men, I know no better way to accomplish
that object than to introduce into this body let-
ters denouncing the people of a State as fit for
the penitentiary and giving those letters the
indorsement of a great name. I know of
nothing better calculated than that to stir up
bad blood, to continue the difficulty, to con-
tinue the ill-feeling, to alienate the country, to
make trouble without good. These people have
offered to stand with us by equal rights. It is
a great gain for the Conservatives of Virginia
to ratify the fourteenth and fifteenth amend-
ments ; and if we cannot have the aid of the
Senator from Massachusetts in giving the black
man the ballot, let us have their aid; let us
have the fifteenth amendment; let the Admin-
istration and Congress stand together; let us
have peace ; and do not let us deny the fact that
peace exists when all mankind says that peace
reigns.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, this is the
eighth day of this debate. It is now pretty
clearly developed that there are two parties in
the Senate on this question. There is one party
that is opposed to the admission of Virginia
at this time upon any terms; and there seems
to be another parly that is only willing for Vir-
ginia to come in according to the bill reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary, or that of
the House, which is the same in substance and
in terms. I consider both of these parties about
equally impracticable, and each one standing
about as much in the way of the admission of
Virginia as the other. I think the Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] with all his zeal and
his good intentions, is standing as substantially
in the way of the admission of Virginia as is
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner.] If those who have this bill in charge
had been willing to accept of reasonable amend-
ments that would not delay the admission of
the State one hour; that would cast no obstacle
in the way of her admission ; the bill could have
been passed days ago ; but there seems to be
an obstinate determination that Virginia must
come in according to the bill reported by the
committee or not come in at all.
Now, sir, a few words in answer to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. It seems that the
distinguished Senator from Massachusetts is
unwilling that Virginia shall come in now upon
any terms; and the Senator has developed
more clearly this morning than he has done
before what his desire is. It is that there shall
be a new election in Virginia. Am I right in
regard to that?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have not said that.
Mr. MORTON. Then what does the Sen-
ator's argument mean, that the last election
was a monstrous fraud? What is the object
in proving that the last election was a mon-
strous fraud unless the Senator wants a new
election ? Let us have an understanding about
that.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to purge the Legis-
lature of its rebels. I understand that three
fourths of the Legislature, if not more, can-
not take the test-oath. That is what I first
propose to do.
Mr. MORTON- Then the Senator does not
want a new election. Let ns have that under-
stood. I supposed from his argument that he
wanted a new electioion ; but he does not, but
simply to purge the Legislature of Virginia of
its rebels; in other words, that they shall be
required to take the test-oath. I thought it
was conceded by this time that the laws that
were in force at the time that election was held
did not require the test-oath to be taken.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg my friend to under-
stand that I hold directly the contrary. After
the most careful attention that I have been able
to give to the question—and since the discussion
the other day I have looked into it and reviewed
all the statutes—to my mind it is as clear as
that two and two make four that the oath is
required by existing law.
Mr. MORTON. Well, Mr. President, if the
Senator's position comes back to that, that the
test-oath is required, I think he will find him-
self almost wholly unsupported on the floor of
the Senate; for if there is any clear question,
in my judgment, connected with this whole
business it is that the test-oath was not re-
quired by law at tho time that election took
place; and if we now require it we require a
condition or a qualification that was not made
by the law at the time the election took place;
and that would be an act of bad faith on the
part of Congress.
If there is to be no new election what is the
object in attempting to prove that the last elec-
tion was one monstrous fraud? The Senator
now says he does not desire a new election.
Let us put that out of the way then. There is
no necessity for spending the time of the Sen-
ate to prove that the last election was a fraud
when there is no desire to set that election
aside and to have a new one. The logic of
i proving that the last election was a fraud is
that there should be a new election; but when
the Senator says he does not want a new elec-
tion that logic fails.
If there is to be no new election held I ask the
question, what good is to be gained by defer-
ring the admission of Virginia for six; months
or twelve months or two years if she is finally
to come in with the same Legislature and State
officers elected that she has now? Will it be
any better for us to have her kept out for six
months, twelve months, or two years? Mark
the proposition: if she is finally to come-in with
the same Legislature and with the same State
officers that have been elected is there any-
thing to be gained by keeping her out for six,
twelve, or twenty-four months ? I say there is
nothing to be gained in that point of view. On
the contrary, her condition will be worse in
point of public sentiment if kept out under
these circumstances than it is now. There is
no object in keeping her out unless you expect
to improve her condition by keeping her out.
Now, I ask the attention of the Senator from
Massachusetts, what is to be gained by keeping
her out? There is no use in keeping her out
unless there is some programme in connection
with it, unless there is something to be accom-
plished by keeping her out. Has the Senator
shown to the Senate that the condition of Vir-
ginia will be improved by keeping her out six
months, twelve months, or two years? I have
not heard a suggestion on that subject. I can
understand very well how her condition will be
made the worse by keeping her out. I can
understand how public sentiment there will be-
come embittered by disappointing the reason-
able expectations of the people in regard to
admitting her. But neither the Senator from
Massachusetts nor any other Senatot has offered
I any programme, has made any suggestion by
! which to prove that the condition of Virginia
