1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5655
Grates petitions Congress. Itseerastohavebeen eon-
ceded that four men were entitled to shares of the
proceeds, and Colonel Gates divided accordingly as
follows:
Colonel William Gates, the collector, one fourth of
ono half. $2,783 75
Franklin Cbaae,deputy collector,onefourth
of ono half  2,783 75
Major Forsyth, United States Army, re-
ceiver, one fourth of one half.  2,783 75
Lieutenant Browning, naval officer, ono
iourth of one half  2,783 75
Total   $11,135 00
being an equal share to each of half tho proceeds.
This division seems to have been made on a sup-
posed application of a revenue law of tho United
(States of 1790, the ninety-first section of which gavo
to tho coilcctor and informer an equal inoiety of such
confiscations.
It is obvious this law of 1799 had no binding effeet
in Mexico, and could only be used as an indication
of what would seem to be reasonable under the tem-
porary government assumed by us when we con-
quered and governed the ports of Mexico.
In subsequent acts of Congress and the Depart-
ments, in settling aceounUsof officers who served in
collecting the revenues in Mexico, a very different
rule seems to have been adopted, and Colonel Gates
asks to have hts accounts adjusted according to such
final determination.
An act of March 3,1849, provides that" all money
raised in Mexico, by contributions or otherwise, by
any officer of the United States Army or Navy/' *
* * * "and ail moneys received by any
officer, either as contributions or penalties." should
bepaidover, &c.; andsectiontwoprovidesthat when
an officer "shall have performed duties of collector
at any of the ports of Moxico, such officer shall be
allowed a compensation, which shall be assimilated
ih amount, as nearly as may bo, including the regular
pay and emoluments of such officers, to that allowed
by existing laws to officers of the customs in the
United States for similar services in amount and
in importance, such allowance in ail cases to be
determined by the President of the United States."
It seems from a report of R. J. Atkinson, esq.,
Third Auditor, dated March 28,1859, that President
Fillmore determined to abide by the division which
Colonel Gates had pro viously ma de, which confirmed
to the colonel $2,783 75.
Butsubsequently tho legal representatives of Lieu-
tenant Browning applied to Congress, and in the
civil appropriation act of September 30, 1850. the
Secretary of the Treasury was authorized and di-
rected to settle his (Lieutenant Browning's) claim.
The Third Auditor says: "^Secretary Corwni decided
that Lieutenant Browning and the other officers of
th« Petral were acting as revenue officers, and that
under the proviso of the ninety-first section of the
act of 1799, they were entitled as informers; that one
fourth of the proceeds of the vessel and cargo should
16 to the Treasury, one fourth to the officers of the
customs, and the remaining half to the officers of tho
Petral. in proportion to their pay. He therefore
allowed Mr. Browning65,712 45."
It is clear that in this last act, and the finding of
tho Treasury, the act of 1849 is superseded, and a new
rule instituted, which gave, under the provisions of
the act of 179a, $5,712 45 to the " informer."
The same act would, if applied to Colonel Gates,
give hitn So,712 45 as " collector;" for both the "in-
former^' and " collector" were equally entitled under
"the act of 1799, and the Third Auditor says Colonel
Gates was the collector; and so he seems to have
been regarded in ail the Departments in tho settle-
ment of accounts.
Colonel Gates might rest his case on these facts;
and it would seem justice would prescribe to Colonel
Gates a more liberal allowance, since he (Colonel
Gates) was not allowed during the same time his pay
as a colonel in tho Army, while Lieutenant Brown-
ing it is supposed received his in the Navy.
Acting on this settlement with Lieutenant Brown-
ing as vet judicata, subsequent acts have been passed
to settle with Crosby and Buckner, August 1,18T>4,
and they have been paid.
So also Congress passed an act for the relief of
Franklin Chase, March 3,1855, by which he was paid
$5,567 50 under a decision of Secretary Guthrie.
After so many subordinates havo been paid this
sum of $5,5(57 50, it is, in the opinion of your commit-
tee, unfair and unjust to withhold eaual compensa-
tion to the collector, and therefore they report a
bill directing a settlement of the account of Colonel
William Gates on the same basis as that allowed his
associates.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do notwish the House
to understand that this bill is recommended
by the Committee of Claims. I put it on the
ground of the report made toHhe House by
General Curtis and the former action of Con-
gress. I shall vote for the bill myself, not on
the basis of a strictly legal claim, but as^a rea-
sonable gratuity for the widow and orphan
elu!dren|j f an officer who served his country
for over sixty-four years, through all its wars
since the Revolution, and died leaving his
family in great poverty.
Mr. CONGER. Does the gentleman recom-
mend this bill himself?
Mr. HOLMAN. I have stated the grounds
on which I am willing to vote for it.
Mr. CONGE it. Does the gentleman, as a
member of the Committee of Claims,'recom-
mend its passage?
Mr. HOLMAN. I have had the report of
General Curtis read, as showing the facts of
the case and the ground on which General
Curtis placed it f and I will vote fjir the bill
myself on these facts, not as creating' a legal
claim, as General Curtis thought they did, but
as furnishing a fair, reasonable ground for
making this provision for the widow and chil-
dren of an officer who served faithfully and well
in our Army for more than sixty years, and on
that ground only. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Strong.]
Mr. STRONG. This case has not been in-
vestigated at all by the Committee of Claims.
I suggest to the gentleman that he allow it to
be recommitted, so that the case may be invest-
Several Members. Nol nol
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
65, noes 40; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Strong and Mr.
Holman.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 84, noes 28.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof, the bill was ordered to
be road a third time.
The question was on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BENTON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WELKER. Let the bill be again
read.
The bill was again read.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 69, not voting
74; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell. Banks, Barnum,
Barry, Beck,Bonnett, Biggs, Bingham,Bird.Booker,
Boyd, James Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burdett, Burr,
Roderick It: Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, William
T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Conger, Cox,
Crebs, Davis. Dickinson. Eldridge, Ferriss, Fox,
Getz, Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamill, Haw-
kins, Hoar, Holman, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Johnson, Kelsey, Kerr, Knott, Lynch, May-
nard, McCormick, McKenzic.Milnes, Morphis, Dan-
iel J. Morreli, Myers, Niblack, O'Neill, Packard,
Palmer, Perce, Peters, Poland, Porter, Reeves. Rice,
Sargent, Schenck, Schumaker, Sherrod. Slocum,
Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevenson,Stiles, Strickland, Swann,Sweeney,Taffe,
Van Auk en, Wells, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Eugene M.
Wilson, Winchester, and Woodward—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Asper,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Boles, George M.
Brooks, Buflinton, Benjamin I1. Butler Amasa Cobb,
Coburn, Covode, Cowles, Cullom, Dickey, Dixon,
Donley, Duval, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch,Gilfillan,
Hay, Hays, Hefiin, Hill, Judd, Knapp-Laflin, Lash,
Lawrence, Lewis, McGrew, Mercur,William Moore,
Packer, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Piatt, Prosser. Roots,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A.Sheldon,William
Smyth, Stevens, Stokes. Stone, Strong, Taylor,Town-
send, Trimble, Tyner, Upson. Van Wyck, Ward,Wil-
liam B. Washburn. Welker,Whitmore,Willard,Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson, and Witeher—69.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Arnell,
Atwood, Aycr, Bailey, Beaman, Bowen, Burekard,
Churchill, Clinton L. Cobb, Connor, Cook, Darrall,
Dawes, Degener, Doekery, Dox, Dyer, Ela, Farns-
worth, Fisher, Garfield, Gibson, Griswold, Hale,
Hamilton, Harris, Hawlej\ Hoge. Alexander H.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg,
Keteham, Log-an, Louffhridge, Marshal], Mayham,
■McCarthy, McCrary, MeKee, McNeely, Eliakim H.
Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Morrissey, Mungen, Negley.'Newsham, Orth,
Pomeroy, Potter, Randall, Ridgway, Rogers, San-
ford, PorterSheldon, Shober, John A. Smith,Worth-
ington C.Smith. Stoughton, StraderL Tanner, Till-
man, Twichell, Van Horn. Van Trump. Voorhees,
Wallace, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Winans, and
Wood—74.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HALDEMAN stated that he was paired
on ail questions for the remainder of the ses-
sion with Mr. Boyd.
MEMBER OF JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following letter t
House of Representatives,
Washington, July 15,1870.
Sir : I respectfully resign my position as a member
of the Judiciary Committee of this House.
Yours, &e„ NOAH DAVIS.
The Speaker, House of Hepr'esentativeB.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr.'HoTcmass
to fill the vacancy on the Judiciary Committee
occasioned by the resignation of Mr. Davis.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE LANDS.
Mr. ARNELL, from the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, under the consent heretofore
given to that committee to report at any time,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2416) for the better
security of agricultural college lands ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed and recommitted to the committee,
not to be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider.
WAR BETWEEN PRUSSIA AND FRANCE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following telegram:
Parts, Friday, July 15.
An extraordinary edition of the Constitutionnel
just issued, noon, announces that in consequence of
the insult offered to Benedetti France accepts the
war which Prussia offers.
[Applause and clapping of hands.]
PUBLIC BUILDINGS Al' TRENTON, NEW JERSEY.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to put upon its passage the bill (S. No. 892) to
provide a building suited for the use of the
post office, pension and revenue offices, and
judicial offices of the United States in the
city of Trenton, New Jersey.
Mr. LAWRENCE. 1 object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the rules be
suspended and the bill passed.
The question was put" on Mr. Bingham's
motion ; and there were—ayes 63, noes 56.
Mr. BINGHAM called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Bingham and
Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 90, noes 41.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 98, nays 61, not voting 71 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Axtell,
Ayer, Banks, Barnnm, Beck, Benton, Biggs, Bing-
ham, Bird, Booker, Buck, Burr, Cake, Calkin,•Cessna,
William T. Clark, Cleveland, Coburn, Connor, Co-
vode, Cox, Crebs, Davis, Dickinson, Dixon, Eldridge,
Ferriss, Finkelnburg, Fox, Garfield, Getz. Griswold,
Haight, Ilambleton, Hamill, Hamilton, Hays, Hill,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Julian, Kelley, Kerr,
Knott,Lash, Lewis,Lynch, Marshall, Mayham, Mc-
Cormick, McGrew, MeKee, McKenzie, Milnes, Wil-
liam Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morreli, Mungen,
Negley, Perce, Peters, Poland, Porter, Potter, Ran-
dall, Reeves, Sanford, Sargent, Schenck, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum, Josephs. Smith, William
J. Smith. Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles.
Stokes, Stone, Strickland, Swann, Sweeney, Taffe,
Taylor, Trimble. Upson, Van Auken, Van Horn,
Wells, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, and
Winchester—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Atwood,
Barry, Beatty, Blair, Boles, George M. Brooks,
Buckley, Burchard, Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Conger,
Cowles, Cullom, Dawes, Donley, Duval, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Gil tillan, Hawkins, Hay, Heflin, Hoar, Hol-
man, Judd, Kelsey, Ketoham, Laflin, Lawrcneo,
Logan, Loughridge, Maynard, McCrary, Mercur,
O'Neill, Orth, Packer,Paine, Phelps, Prosser, Saw-
yer, Scofield, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, John A.
Smith,. William Smyth, Strong, Tanner, Town-
send, Tyner, Van Wyck, Ward, Welker, Whitmore,
Willard, Williams. John T. Wilson, Winans, and
Witeher—61.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Asper,
Bailey, Beaman, Benjamin, Bennett, Bowen, Boyd,
James Brooks, Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Sidney Clarke. Clinton
L. Cobb, Cook, Darrall, Degener, Dickey, Doekery,
Dox, Dyer, Ela, Fisher, Fitch, Gibson, ltaldeman,
Hale, Harris, Hawley, lloge, Hooper, Hotobkiss,
Alexander II. Jones. Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg,
Knapp. McCarthy, McNeely, Eliakim H. Moore,
Jesse H.xWooie, Morgan, SamuelP. Morrill, Mori is-
sey, Myers, Newsham, Niblank, Packard, Palmer.
Peck, l'la tt, Pomeroy. Rice. Ridgway, Rogers, Roots,
Schumaker, Shober, Worthington C. Smith, Stough-
