1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3767
Mr. LYNCII. As there are several gentle-
men who desire to offer amendments, I now
withdraw the motion to recommit, and when
the amendments have been offered I shall call
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentlemau from
Maine [Mr. Lyxch]_ consider the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
1Kti.br] as now pending?
Mr. lAXCtl. I do not; but I am willing,
as ihat gentleman is absent, that any gentle-
man mav offer the amendment in his behalf.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Massachusetts left a copy of his amend-
ment in my hands, with a modification which
he desired to make, leaving the per cent, blank.
Without indorsing this proposition or express-
ing any opinion upon it, I ask as a matter of
courtesy to offer the amendment in behalf of
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection |
the amendment will be considered as pending.
There was no objection.
The amendment was as follows :
Substitute for the third an J fourth sections of tlio
bitt the following:
Skc. —. „4h<< he it further enacted. That after the 1st
day of October, in the year 1870, nil goods and mer-
chandise upon the importation of which the United
i?t; trs are not prohibited by treaty from imposing
uiM3rimiuating or differential duties shall be charged
a rate of customs duties when imported in American
wooden vessels per cent, less, and in Ameri-
can iron vessels percent, less than if imported
in a foreign vessel.
Sec.—. Ami be it further enacted. That the Presi-
dent of tho United States be, and hereby is. author-
ized and requested to give notice to each nation
having conventions or treaties of commerce with
the United States which prohibit the imposition of
discriminating or differential duties upon imported
goods or merchandise, and which are terminable
upon notice, that said treaties, respectively, shall
terminate at tho expiration of such notice, and
thercafterward all goods and merchandise, the pro-
duct of such nations, or imported therefrom, shall
b.ive such reduction of customs duties when im-
ported from foreign ports in American wooden or
iron vessels, respectively, as hereinbefore provided.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
except by unanimous consent more than two
amendments cannot be pending when the pre-
vious question is called. Is there objection to
allowing more than two amendments to be
offered? The Chair hears no objection. The
previous question when seconded will be con-
sidered as operating upon all the amendments
which the gentleman from Maine may allow to
be offered.
Mr. COX. With the consent of the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Lynch] I move an
amendment to strike out the proviso in the
first section.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Ltxch] yields to me that I may offer the
following as a substitute for the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Bctleu :]
Skc. —. And be it further enacted. That after the 1st
day of October, iu tho year 187U, all goods and mer-
chandise upon tho importation of which tho United
States are not prohibited by treaty from imposing
discriminating or differential duties shall bo charged
it rate of customs duties when imported in other than
American vessels ten percent, in addition to existing
duties.
JSe<j.—. And be it fxtrther enacted, That tho Prcsi-
dent of the United States be, and hereby is, author-
izoil and requested to give notice to each nation
having conventions or treaties of commerce with
the United States which prohibit the imposition of
discriminating or differential duties upon imported
goodsor merchandise, and which are terminable upon
notice, that said treaties, respectively, shall termin-
ate at the expiration of such notice, and thereafter-
ward all goods and merchandise, the productof such
nations, or imported therefrom, shall be charged a
like rate of customs duties when imported from for-
eign i>orts in other than American vessels, as here-
inbefore provided.
Mr. LYNCH. I now yield two minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. As I have remarked on a
previous occasion, there are sections of this
bill for which I can vote and for which I shall
vote if the gentleman from Maine will give us"
an opportunity to separate those Mptions. I
am opposed to the proviso of the Bret section.
I am willing to vote for the second section
entire as it stands. I am opposed to the third
und fourth sections. I move to amend by
striking oiU the proviso of the first section 
Mr. COX. I have already made that mo-
tion.
Mr. WOOD. I withdraw, then, that part
of my proposition, and move to strike out the
third and fourth sections. If the portions of
the bill to which I object be struck out I shall
vote ior it; otherwise, I must vote against it.
Mr. LYNCH. I now yield to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Saroext.]
Mr. SAIiGENT. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word "ton," in line fitteeu,
page 3, the following:
And upon any steamer running to and from *my
port in Australia or Asia, five dollars for cach regis-
tered ton.
Mr. LYNCH. I yield to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ixgersoll,] who wishes to offer
an amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise for the purpose
of moving an amendment, to add to the bill a
new section. I concur in the views expressed
by the gentleman from NewYork, [Mr. Wood,]
and I offer my amendment on the supposition
that the proviso of the first section, and also
the third and fourth sections, will be struck
out. It would, I may be permitted to say,
afford me much pleasure personally to vote for
this bill, which is of special importance to the
State of Maine. I would be glad to do this as
a compliment to the Speaker, if for no other
reason. But my conscientious conviction of
the interests of my constituents compels me,
notwithstanding my high regard for the Speaker
and the known interest of his constituents in
this bill, to support the amendments already
proposed by the' gentleman from New York
and. the proposition I now send to the Clerk.
I desire the Clerk to read my amendment.
Mr. LYNCH. It can be read after the pre-
vious question has been seconded.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. LYNCH. I cannot yield further, be-
cause I have not time. I call the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
Mr. ALLISON. Let my amendment be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In lino sevon, after the words "United States"
insert "ofnot less than two thousand tons burden;"
go it will read:
That upon all imported lumber, timber, hemp,
Manila, and composition metal, and for iron and
steel not advanced beyond rod bars and bolts, plates,
beams, and forgings, which may be used and wrought
up into the construction of steam or sail vessels built
in the United States of not less than two thousand
tons burden, whether for the hull, rigging, equip-
ment, or machinery of such vessels, thore shall be
allowed and paid by the Secretary of the Treasury,
under such regulations as he may prescribe, a rebate
or drawback equal to tho duties which may have
• been paid on such material; provided.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is that pending?
The SPEAKER. Thegentlemanfrom Maine
declines to yield to the amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. Does the gentleman decline
to let me offer that amendment?
Mr. LYNCH. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the bill and
amendments be laid on the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a parliamentary
question. I do not care to state it hurriedly,
for gentlemen are somewhat excited about me;
and before I state my parliamentary question
I ask gentlemen to reflect before laying this
bill suddenly upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must state
his parliamentary question.
Mr. LYNCH. I will allow the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa to be pending. I
also allow an amendment that the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] has to be
pending.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is my amendment pend-
ing?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. Then I shall vote against
laying the bill on the table.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw the motion to
lay upon the table.
_ Mr. LYNCH. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
55, noes G8.
Mr. LYNCH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Lynch and
Mr. Allison were appointed,
i Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a parliamentary
question. If the previous question be not sec-
onded, will this run on in the morning hour
indefinitely?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The House is dividing.
Mr. CULLOM. If the previous question he
not seconded, will it not be in order to move
to lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
be not seconded, the morning hour having
expired, the bill will go over uutil the morning
hour to morrow.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 77, noes 73.
So the previous question was seconded.
enrolled bill and joint resolution.
Mr. BE ATT Y, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill and joint reso-
lution of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 70) concerning divorces iu
1 the District of Columbia; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 120) to provide
for the appointment of an examiner of claims
for the Department of State, and for additional
clerks in the Department.
american commerce.
! Mr. CULLOM. I move that the bill and
| amendments be laid on the table; and upon
that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
: i Mr. LYNCH. In accordance with the rules
! of the House, am I not entitled to the floor?
j The SPEAKER. Not before the main ques-
tion is ordered. Seconding the previous ques-
tion is merely a preliminary operation to order-
■ ing the main question. Pending that, a motion
is made to. lay the bill and amendments on tho
table; and on that motion the yeas and nays
are demanded.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Before voting to lay
the bill and amendments upon the table we
are entitled to have the amendments read.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to ask the Speaker
whether it has not been customary, after the
previous question has been seconded, for the
member reporting a bill to be entitled to the
floor to close debate ?
The SPEAKER. Under strict parliament-
ary law the gentleman from Maine is not enti-
tled to the floor until after the main question
has been ordered.
Mr. LYNCH. What has been the usage?
The SPEAKER. Not to recognize the gen-
tleman reporting a bill to close debate until
the main question has been ordered to be put.
Mr. PETERS. . Is anything in order but
the motion to lay upon the table, or to order
the main question?
The SPEAKER. It is not; and pending
the ordering of the main question the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Cullom] moves to lay
the bill on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. INGERSOLL. And before I vote on
that I demand that the amendments shall be
read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ingersoll] demands that the amend-
ments shall be read, and the Chair regards this
as his right.
Mr. CULLOM. I withdraw the motion to
lay the bill on the table, and will insist on the
yeas and nays on ordering the main question.
