1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1879
amount. Now it is proposed that there shall
be no tax on the income arising from these
bonds, going Further than we have ever gone
before. J f we put such a proposition into the
bill, I should like to ask the Senator if we can
maintain the income tax an hour afterward
in any form? Ought we to do it? For my part
I shall vote to strike out the clause exempting
the income from these bonds from taxation. 1
have no objection to striking out the part re-
serving the power to the Federal Government.
Of course we cannot allow the States and
municipalities to tax these bonds. We have
such a provision in our law now. But this
is one of those questions on which there has
been a great deal said in this country, aud the
people have been deluded and deceived about
it; and 1 want it now to be distinctly under-
stood that if this provision is retained here, I
for one shall vote against the income tax on
anybody else in this country. I should regard
it as utterly and entirely unjust.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Massachusetts suggested just now an amend-
ment which I suppose he can offer presently,
and I trust he will do so as soon as the vote
has been taken upon the amendment I have
offered aod the amendment to that amendment
offered by the Senator from West Virginia.
But the proposition of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts was coupled with the expression of
a doubt on his part whether I wanted what
was fair and right. What I should like him to
know is that I do not want anything else, and
when he knows me better he will never sup-
pose that I do.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to suggest to my
friend from West Virginia that what he moves
to strike out is an amendment that has been
pot in since the bill has been under considera-
tion, and 1 do not suppose it is in order to
move to strike it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that this is a part of the text of
the bill agreed on by the Committee on Finance,
and it was so received by the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. Then it was omitted
originally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was omit-
ted in the printing.
Mr. THURMAN. Then the motion is in
order.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, it occurs
to me that there is not much in the idea that
by retaining, either expressly or impliedly,
this power to tax the bonds, either as to the
principal or the interest, we thereby diminish
the market rate of the bonds in the world.
Even though that were true it would be no
answer to the general objection that the Gov-
ernment onght not to exempt any considerable
portion of the property of the country from
bearing the burdens of Government.^
There is, however, another consideration
which has fully as much to do as that which
has been suggested with any wise system of
taxation; and that is that the burden of tax-
ation should fall wherever it can be best borne.
That is a rule of universal application, both
as respects the subject-matter of the tax and
the persons by whom it is to be paid. The
only difficulty is in the just development and
carrying out of the rule. Now, sir, can any
class of people in general be selected who are
more capable of bearing the burden of a small
tax upon income than those who are owners
of bonds and receiving a regular interest from
the best paymaster in the country, namely,
the Government? It seems to me that in that
point of view—the better distribution of the
burdens of taxation—it is a very improper
thing for the Government in this bill to
abandon its right of taxation, at least as to the
income received from these bonds."
My friend, the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Thbrman,] insists that it is not in the power
of one Congress to bind another to this extent.
But what will be contended undoubtedly willbe
this: that this provision of law is a contract be-
tween the Government and the holders of it®
bonds; and if it be a contract it will be said
either that it will be a breach of faith to vio-
late it, or else that Congress has no power to
violate it. I am one of those who believe that
there is no constitutional authority in Congress
to pass a law violating the obligation of a con-
tract ; and if I could be persuaded that such
a provision is in the nature of a contract I
should have to acquiesce in the position that
this legislation is final. But in either point of
view I should regard it as an extremely embar-
rassing provision to insert on this bill. Noth-
ing can be more unjust.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator a question if he has no objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Does the Senator believe
a loan can be negotiated at a rate of interest
lower than four per cent. ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I have already expressed
my opinion on that subject. I think, iu the
present condition of our securities, we cannot
negotiate a loan at four per cent., much less
at a lower rate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then the tax would of
course reduce the rate of interest lower than
four per cent., and would only make it more
difficult to negotiate a loan at a cheap rate of
interest.
Mr. CASSERLY. Well, sir, before this bill
comes to a final vote I shall have occasion to
state my objection to the time which has been
selected for pressing this bill on this body as
premature, improvident, and in the highest
degree objectionable. That is a reason why,
in my judgment, this loan will be difficult of
negotiation, even at the rates of interest named.
But I am addressing arguments now to gentle-
men who believe this to be a proper time to
negotiate such a loan, although at this time
the credit of the country is not fully established.
I shall have more to say upon that subject pres-
ently, at some other stage of the debate.
My purpose is not to interfere with the nego-
tiation of tha loan, but it is to object to the
insertion of a provision in the bill which I
regard as objectionable in every point of view.
You are making that most odious of all classes
in the community, a class which is exempt
from taxation. You are not only making them
the objects of popular dislike, but you expose
the property which they hold, and which is
exempt from taxation, to tlie same general
feelings of antipathy and dislike. Two unwise
! things you are doing: you are establishing an
! odious classin the community, whose only fault
is that they are the holders of your securities,
and the odium which you bring upon them will
inevitably extend itself in time to the security
which they hold.
I know very well, sir, that I shall be met, if I
am met at all, with the general arguments, or
rather assertions, with which we are so famil-
iar. But, considering the length of time which
this loan has to run, and the probabilities of
changes in public opinion which may take
place, and the certainty that the strong and
excited feelings of the past eight or nine years
must shortly disappear, and, as we must all
hope, not soon to arise again in the country,
I suggest to gentlemen of the majority in this
Chamber whether it is a prudent thing to
insert a provision of this kind in the bill,
making a discrimination so objectionable and
so obnoxious in the points ot view which 1
have mentioned. .
Mr CORBETT. Mr. President, I am not
surprised that the Senator from California and
other gentlemen on that side of the Chamber
should advocate the taxation of United States
bonds ; but I do think it strange that any one
belonging to our side of the Chamber should
advocate any 8uch measure.
The object of freeing these bonds from the
income tax is simply to obtain a reduction ot
the rate of interest upon the bonds, one third
on the average. Our bonds are now bearing
an interest of six per cent, per annum, l ne
Committee on Finance have reported a bill to
fund the debt into a bond freed from the income
tax. The only advantage that they give this
bond is by freeing it from that income tax.
Thereby we save one and a half per cent, per
annum, interest in gold. It seems to me that
weshould exempt these bonds from that income
tax. I confess that one of the chief reasons
why I support this bill is to free the bonds from
any income tax whatever.
I do not wish to leave this question open
until there shall be that change of public
opinion to which the Senator from California
refers, until another party shall come here,
until the people who were in rebellion against
us come here and desire to tax the bonds of
the United States out of existence and make
them as worthless as confederate bonds. That
is the idea, as I understand, of retaining a tax
upon these bonds. It is for that very reason
that I am in favor of negotiating this loan and
reducing the interest and freeing it from every
tax whatever, so that there can be no excuse
hereafter for an attempt to tax the securities
of the United States. I wish inserted in the
bond a contract that there shall not be any tax
whatever upon it; so that if hereafter a party
should arise who, for the sake of catering to
the whims or prejudices of any portion ot' the
community, should attempt to array one por-
tion of the community against the other because
of the fact that the bonds are free from tax it
will be precluded from doing so by the contract
placed in the bonds themselves. If it is placed
in the bond it is a contract between the two
parties, and they cannot be taxed.
I believe the bondholders will be willing to
accept this bond, mainly for the very reason
that they are not in favor of keeping this ques-
tion open and thus allowing the bond to be
taxed when a party shall come in power here
i who want to tax the bonds out of existence,
who want to make the income arising from the
means furnished by the loyal people of the
country for carrying on the war perfectly worth-
j less. I think that is the intention of Congress,
! and it is one of the main reasons for funding
the debt. Certainly that is my view, and I am
willing to frankly own it.
Mr. FOWLER. I am perfectly aware that
the Government of the U nited States has the
right to tax and has the power to tax. That
is not a continuing power. The authority in
the Constitution is to respect the obligation of
contracts. Because the Government has the
power to tax it is no reason why it should be
always taxing, and it is not good policy neces-
sarily to put that power into exercise. The
manuer and the time and the circumstances
under which the power shall be exercised are
to be determined when the occasion arises. I
think we should view this simply as a plain
business transaction, a question of'policy and
good faith. There is no question of Democrat
or Republican, rebel or loyalist, involved in it.
It seems to me to be simply a plain business
transaction involving good policy and good
faith. .
In addition to what I said before I simply
want to make a remark in reply to the point
that has been made, that the persons who hold
these bonds should be taxed. I am not so cer-
tain, recollect, that we have the right to forbid
a State to tax them. I am not entirely certain
either that these are the most favorable terms
on which we can command a loan at present
or at any time; nor am I certain that this is
the precise time to make this loan. That is
one reason why I think this bill is worthy of
the gravest consideration. We should give a
more careful examination to this question; we
should exercise a little patience, and take time
and examine whether the confidence in the
securities of the Government will not be aug-
mented so as to enable us to make this loan
at a lower rate of interest than that specified
in this bill. I am inclined to think we had
better wait a short period of time, say until the
whole country becomes thoroughly restored
and the agricultural resources and business of
the South are fully developed, which will take
place within a year or two at any rate, and we
