568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
if not admitted, will be better twelve months
hence than it is to-day. If it was proposed to
have a new election and improve her condi-
tion in that way I could understand it. I do
do not believe a new election would do us any
good. I do not believe we would come out
any better from a new election than we came
out of the last one; but still if it was proposed
to keep her out with a view to another election
I could understand that. But as the Senator
now repudiates the idea of having another elec-
tion and thereby repudiates all the logic of
proving that the last election was a fraud, I call
upon him to inform the Senate aud the country
how the condition of Virginiais to be improved
by simply keepingheroutsix, twelve, or twenty-
four months.
Now, Mr. President, I come to those who
have stood in the way of the admission of Vir-
ginia on the Other side, who are, resolved that
she must come in upon the simple bill reported
by the Judiciary Committee or the same one
in terms from the House, or she must not
come in at all. I do not wish to be under-
stood as saying that I have the greatest faith
in the people of Virginia that they will behave
well after their admission. I have apprehen-
sions, as I have said before, but my apprehen-
sions will be just as great at the end of twelve
months as they are now unless there can be
something said or done at the time of admis-
sion that will give security to the! people. Jf
the Congress of the United States can say or
do anything that will give security to Virginia
they can say or do that now as well as they
can twelve.months hence. '
Now, sir, what can wo say or what can we
do by which to give security to the loyal men
m Virginia? We can say or do nothing except
the assertion of our power. They will respect
our power if they respect nothing else. I wish
them to understand—and there is where the
only security is—that if they shall violate the
terms or the conditions of admission we have
power to deal with them, that they do not
pass beyond the control of Congress by the
simple act of admission. If they understand
that distinctly and believe we are in earnest,
then there will be security for the loyal people
of Virginia, and whether they are admitted
now or admitted twelve months hence will
make no, difference.
j have been in favor of some declaration in
this bill or some statement in the preamble by
which we shall say to them and to the whole
world, "We admit you upon certain terms and
conditions ; and if you violate them, if you are
guilty of bad faith, we reserve the power to
deal with you. We do not now say how we
will do it; we cannot undertake now to determ-
ine the measure or the mode of redress, but
we want you to understand that we have got
the power, and wc will deal with you if you
shall violate these terms or conditions."
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Fowler]
asks me if that power would not exist just as
welt without such an assertion as with it. It
certainly would; but it would be much easier
for us to exercise it in the future, and they
would understand it much better, if we shall
insert a provision in this bill giving them notice
from the beginning that if these conditions are
violated we shall deal with them.
Now, sir, let me refer very briefly to some
of the amendments that have been proposed.
1 will refer first to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,]
which in effect requires that the members of
that Legislature and the officers-elect of the
State shall take an oath to show that they are
not embraced by the third clause of the four-
teenth amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To show that they are
qualified for office, in short.
Mr. MORTON. To show that they are qual-
ified for office. That is a very proper oath.
I voted for it before and I shall do so again,
"but I say frankly to my friend I do not think
that it is a practical amendment for this rea-
son : that lam informed and believe that there
is not a member of that Legislature or a State
officer-elect in Virginia who is obnoxious to the
fourteenth amendment; and while it is a proper
oath for them to take, yet, in this case, it will
be barren of result.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will permit
me to make a suggestion to him, I think it will
be the most fruitful result possible. If all the
members of that Legislature can truthfully take
that oath, and all the members of the State
government, I think it will be one of the most
hopeful signs of the whole case, although I am
bound to say in frankness to niy honorable
friend that I have been informed since I had
the honor to address the Senate before by a
member of that Legislature—not one of any
of the gentlemen whose conduct has been crit-
icised here on either side; a gentleman who
was before a stranger to me, but who appeared
to be from any test I could apply an lionest,
respectable, and honorable man—that from his
knowledge and observation of his fellow-sen-
ators there were seven or eight persons who he
thought could not truthfully take those oaths.
He may be mistaken, of course. I merely give
what he states.
Mr. MORTON. If there be a single mem-
ber of the Legislature who is embraced by the
fourteenth amendment, then this oath would
have a practical effect, but not so far as ad-
mission is concerned. The amendment of the
Senator from Vermont does not delay the
admission of the State a single day. I should
be glad if those who are insisting upon the
House bill will understand that, that it does
not delay the admission a single day ; that the
Senators and Representatives can take their
seats, and the administration of that oath to
the Legislature takes place afterward. There-
fore there ought to be no substantial objection
to it upon the part of those who have this bill
in charge.
I now come to the amendment offered by
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Deake.] I
have voted for that amendment; but the re-
flection I have given to it has to some extent
impaired my opinion of its value, not because
I distrust the importance of these conditions,
but because his amendment is somewhat too
narrow. The Senator's amendment, as now
reported, is this:
That it shall never be lawful for the said State
to deprive any citizen of the United States on ac-
count of his race, color, or previous condition of
servitudo, of tho right to hold office under the con-
stitution and laws of said State.
In other words, it goes simply to the ques-
tion of the right to hold office.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator has
only one of the amendments that I offered.
Mr. MORTON. I have the one the Senator
proposed to offer to the House bill, submitted
yesterday, I believe.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator will
find lying on his table, or it should be there,
the other amendment in reference to the right
of voting. I severed the two because it ap-
peared to be the sense of the Senate that the
two things of voting and holding office should
not be put in the same terms. The other one
is there ready to be offered whenever I can get
the opportunity.
Mr. MORTON. I have not seen it. Both
of these amendments are important in them-
selves ; but I suggest for the consideration of
my friend from Missouri, because I know the
good that he wants to accomplish, that these
amendments go but to two things: that the
people of Virginia shall not alter their consti-
tution so as to take the right of suffrage or the
right to hold office from the colored people.
Now, when we say that they shall not amend
their constitution so as to take either of these
rights from the people of Virginia does it not
carry with it the affirmative that they may
amend their constitution in every other respect
without a breach of faith? Is it not pregnant
with that affirmative? When we say, "You
shall not amend your constitution in two par-
ticulars" does it not carry witt it the idea that
you may amend it in every other respect with-
out a breach of faith?
Mr. DRAKE. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator to allow me to say in reference to that mat-
ter that Congress in regard to all these condi-
tions has only undertaken to deal with political
rights, and I undertake to deal only with them
in these amendments.
Mr. MORTON. I think that the inference
would, be, perhaps, logical that when we say
they shall only amend their constitution in two
particulars they are at liberty to amend it ill
all others. Now, there is one other provision
in the constitution of Virginia which I regard
as important to the colored people as the right
to hold office, and that is the establishment
of a common-school system and the creation
of a school fund. I regard that as of vital im-
portance, and I think if there is danger of nul-
lification in Virginia now it will apply more
particularly to the school system than: to the
right to hold office. Therefore, I do not wish
to put any condition into this bill which while
denying the right to change their constitution
in regard to voting and holding office would
concede that they might without a breach of
faith strike down the common-school system
and strike down some other provisions in that
coftstitution that I regard as of vital import-
ance. Nevertheless, I have voted for the Sen-
ator's amendments; but I "make these sugges-
tions to him.
Mr. President, I should like to see some-
thing put into this bill by which we shall give
the people of Virginia to understand that the
execution of that constitution,-the carrying it
out in good faith, is a condition of their admis-
sion , and if they shall nullify any material
part of it that that shall be regarded as a
breach of the condition of their admission. I
attempted to give expression to that idea in a
preamble, which I will read as a part of my
remarks:
Whereas the people of Virginia have framed and
adopted a constitution of State government which
is republican; and whereas the Legislature of Vir-
ginia. elected under said constitution and in pursu-
ance of the reconstruction acts of Congress have rati-
fied the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments to the
Constitution of the United States; and whereas the
performance of theso several acts in good faith was
a condition-precedent to the representation of the
State in Congress: Therefore,
Be it resolved, &c.
In other words, I want to set forth that the
adoption of this constitution as a whole in
good faith is a condition of their admission,
by which, if they afterward attempt to nullify
any material part of it, it will appear that that
condition is broken; that the constitution was
not adopted in good faith. For example, if
they shall attempt to nullify that part which
creates a common-school system as soon as
they come in it will then be manifest that this
condition is broken; that they did not adopt
that constitution in good faith.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana, if he will allow" me, to point
out the remedy for such a breach of the con-
dition, if any occurs to his mind. What power
would the United States in such a case have to
apply any remedy for a breach of the condition
by Virginia ?
_ Mr. DRAKE. While the Senator from In-
diana is seated and after he has answered as
he may please to answer the inquiry of the
honorable Senator from Michigan, I want to
call his attention to what I think upon a mo-
ment's reflection he will gee to be a very great
and serious error in the remarks which he has
just made, and I will do it very briefly, so as
not to consume his time.
Mr. MORTON. V* ill the Senator firstallow
mo to answer the question of the Senator ifrom
Michigan ?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Michi-
gan asks me the question how in case of a
breach of this condition it shall be enforced.
I will not now undertake to say how. I want
