2824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
my honorable friend from Ohio is anxious to
explain his position, and I therefore yield most
gracefully to give him an opportunity; and I
hope the next time we see him he will have a
inusket on his shoulder, [laughter.] epaulets
on, and a sword as long as a clapboard bringing
Georgia to order, backed by rny friend from
New Jersey and my distinguished friend from
California, stepping to the music of military
rule in Georgia. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. Neither the taunts nor
the wit of the Senator from Nevada can provoke
me into a discussion to-night. That is not my
role to-night. When the proper time comes I
shall answer, as best I may, his taunts ; I can-
not hope to equal his humor or his wit; and
until that time, which I think he fixed as about
the ]2th of December next, I postpone it.
That will give me time to appear in that mil-
itary costume and bring order. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. My friend will allow me one
word. I hope his equipage will be in blue, not
in gray. [Laughter.]
Mr. THORMAN. Well, sir, I do not see
myself either the wit or the point of that re-
mark, nor do I see in it the usual good humor
of the Senator. If he meant that the uniform
of the Senator from Ohio ever had been any-
thing but bine, he would get an answer that he
would not like.
Mr. NYE. I did not mean any such thing.
Mr. THURMAN. No, I did not suppose
the Senator meant any such thing; yet it was
a very poor exhibition of humor. No, Mr.
President, whenever we want to discuss or
whenever we want to defend our votes on this
floor we shall be found ready to do it; but we
shall not be provoked into the consumption
of time in debate when debate is not necessary
by any remarks that may be made by the Sen-
ator from Nevada or anybody else.
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Several Senators. Vote, vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Kan-
sas to strike out all the bill except the enacting
clause and the part that has been incorporated
in his motion.
Mr. DRAKE. Not all the bill; allthe House
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. All the House
bill.
Mr. DRAKE. To strike out all of the bill
would strike out the amendment put in on the
motion of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was the
motion of the Senator from Kansas, to strike it
all out.
Mr. DRAKE. No; the House bill, as I
understand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought all to be struck
out, because the military government have full
power to act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas will state his motion.
Mr. POMEROY. My motion was to strike
out all the bill except the amendment which I
sent to the Chair and which was adopted by the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
correctly that it is to include all the bill ex
cept that inserted this evening on the motion
of the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask as a question of order
whether it is a proper motion to make now to
strike out a provision that has been put in the
bill by the vote of the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It could not be
stricken out by itself, having been put in ; but
with other coherent matter it can be stricken
out. The Senator from Kansas, therefore,
conforms to the rule by proposing to strike out
other matter with it, namely, the remainder of
the bill. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Kansas.
Mr. STE WART called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to have the ques-
tion stated, that ail may understand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to strike
out all of the bill except that part which has
been incorporated to-night on the motion of
the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make an inquiry.
Will it be open to a motion to insert again the
second section if it shall be stricken out on
this vote ? I suppose it will be competent for
any Senator to offer that motion again.
Mr. POMEROY. It will be in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It certainly will
be in the Senate. The Chair doubts whether
it would be in committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senatorfrom
Kansas had better modify his motion so as to
strike out the House bill.
Mr. POMEROY. When we come into the
Senate, after we get through as in Committee
of the Whole, the section referred to can be
bo offered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator had
better move to strike out the rest of the first
section. That will accomplish the purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. That will not leave my
amendment in the right place.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 88, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Brown-
low, .Buckingham, Carpenter, Casserly.Cole.Corbett,
Cragin, Davis, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, lfowler,
Hamilton of Maryland. Hamlin, Harlan, Ilowe,
Kellogg, JilcCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Robert-
son, Saulsbuiy, Sawyer, Schurz, Scot!, Sherman,
Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull,Warner, andWilley—38.
NAYS — Messrs. Boreman, Chandler, Eenton,
Flanagan. Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Howard.
Howell, McDonald, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Ramsey,
•Revels, Bice, Boss. Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, "Williams, Wilson, and Yates—23.
ABSENT — Mcssis. Bayard, Cameron, Cattell,
Conkling, Gilbert, J"ohnston,Lewis, Norton, Sprague,
Thunnan, and Vickers—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move now to strike out
the original preamble and insert the one which
I send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The preamble
to the House bill was stricken out. It will be
now in order to insert another preamble.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to insert the pre-
amble which 1 send to the Chair.
Mr. DRAKE. I understand that the pre-
amble to a bill is always the last thing voted
upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the bill, which I send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Kansas to insert a preamble
to the bill as amended must be reserved.
Mr. POMEROY. I will renew the motion
when we come into the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can bo made
in committee, and can be regarded as pending
but reserved. The Senator from Missouri has
a motion which has priority under the rule.
Mr. DRAKE. My amendment is to come
in as an additional section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Missouri moves an additional section, which
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That whenever it
shall appear to the President, from un application by
the Legislature of any State, or by the Governor of
such State when the Legislature cannot be convened,
that there exist in such State organizations or com-
binations of men engaged in the perpetration of
nets of violence against the persons or property of
others, or in obstructing f he due execution of the laws
ot such State, and that the government of such State
is unable to suppress the perpetration of such acts
of violence or obstruction, the county or district
wherein such organizations or combinations exi'st
shall be considered its in a. state of rebellion, and it
shall be the duty of the President to send into such
county or district such number of the troops oftho
United States as may be necessary for the suppres-
sion of such acts of violence or obstruction and the
subjugation and dispersion of such organizations and
combinations ; and the officer commanding such
troops, upon arriving in sueh county or district, shall
declare martial law over the same with suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus, if such declaration and
, suspension be authorized by the President, and in
that case shall take all measures known to martial
law for the suppression of such organizations and
combinations, and the punishment ol parties engaged
therein, and shall hold and maintain military juris-
diction over all persons arrested by his order until
their cases shallbefmally disposed of; andsball pro-
ceed to levy upon and colleet from the inhabitants
of such county or district a sum of money sufficient
to pay the expenses of the transportation of sueh
troops from the point whence they were ordered to
the point of their operations in such county or dis-
trict, and ail other expenses of bis command, except
pay and clothing, while such command shall be there
stationed for the purpose aforesaid. And this section
shall apply to any case -where the President iaay
have heretofore sent a military force into any State,
upon the request of tho Legislature or Governor
thereof, for the suppression of domestic violence.
Andif the Army of theUnited States shall be so sta-
tioned or employed as that it cannot, in the judg-
ment of the President, be advantageously used lor
this service, he shall call out and organize a sufiicient
number of the militia oi States which have not at any
time been in armed hostility to the United States, to
accomplish such suppression ; and the provisions of
this section shall apply to the militia so called out
and organized.
Mr. DRAKE. This amendment now offered
isnotinits terms the printedamendmentwhich
has been lying on the tables of Senators for
several days past, and I desire to explain in a
very few words the change which I have made
in my amendment as it was last printed. It
consists, first, in the insertion in the tenth line,
after the word " obstruction," of the words
" the county or district wherein such organiza-
tions or combinations, exist shall be consid-
ered as in a State of rebellion;" so that the
sentence will read:
That whenever it shall appear to the President,
from an application by the Legislature of any State,
or by tho Governor of such State when tho Legisla-
ture cannot be convened, that thereexist inanysuch
State organizations or combinations ol men engaged
in the perpetration of acts of violence against the
persons or propcily of others, or in obstructing tho
due execution of thela.ws of such State, and that the
government of such State 13 unable to suppress the
perpetration of such acts of violence or obstruction,
the county or district wherein such organizations or
coinoinations exist shall be considered as in asta,teof
rebellion, and it shall be tho duty of the President to
send, &c.
That is doing what, under the Constitution,
Congress has a right to do, defining what con-
stitutes a rebellion. The other amendments
in the printed proposition are merely verbal,
to make it conform to the fundamental change
in the language of the amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a portion of that
amendment for which I will very cheerfully
vote, but there is a part of it for which I can-
not vote. The first part of it perhaps is alittle
broader than the present statute, and I there-
fore move an amendment, by striking out after
the words I have marked in the printed copy
at the desk, leaving the first part of it as it
stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the proposition as it will read if
amended on the motion of the Senator from
Maine.
Mc. HAMLIN. Yes, sir ; let it be read as
it would stand if amended as I propose.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Sue. —. And he it further enacted, That whenever
it shall appear to the President, irom an application
by the Legislature ofany State, or by the Governor of
such State when the Legislature cannot be convened,
ttiat there exist m such State organizations or combi-
nations of men engaged in the perpetration of acts
ot violence against the persons or property of others,
or in obstructing tho duo execution of the laws of
such State, and that the government of such State is
unable to suppress the perpetration of such acts of
violence or obstruction, it shall be the duty of the
President to send into sueh State such number of the
troops of the United States as may be necessary lor
the suppression of such acts of violence or obstruc-
tion, and the subjugation and dispersion of such
organizations and combinations.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to strike out all
except that which has been read.
Mr. POMEROY. As it will stand then
amended it is the reconstruction laws now as
applied to Georgia, but this will apply to all the
States. Everything that is in the amendment
is now the lav/ as applied to Georgia. The
three reconstruction laws embrace the whole
ot it; the only effect of this will be to apply it
to other States besides Georgia.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Kansas
