5&5Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
ton, Strader, Til!man, Twichell, Van Trump, Voor-
hces, Wallace, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Wood, and Woodward—71.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
tlie rules were not suspended.
MOTION FOR RECESS.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House now
take a recess until fifteen, minutes past one
o'clock. I desire to state to the House that if
any more bills are thrown upon the clerks it will
be impossible to enroll the Indian appropria-
tion bill, on which they are now at work.
Mr. CAKE. The Committee on Accounts
desiring the instruction of the House upon reso-
lutions remaining undisposed of, upon ques-
tions not within the discretionary power of the
committee, have directed me to report sundry
resolutions without recommendation.
The SPEAKER. They will be received and
considered, pending the motion for a recess, if
there be no objection.
employment of clerks.
Mr. CAKE, from the Committee on Ac-
counts, reported the following resolution :
Resolved, That the clerk temporarily employed by
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and War
of 1812 be allowed as full compensation the sum of
$200, to be paid out of the contingent fund.
Mr. WELKER. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
The motion to lay the resolution on the table
was agreed to.
Mr. CAKE, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committees on Reconstruction.
Education and Labor, and Invalid Pensions have
leave to employ their clerks during the recess, from
July 15,1870. to December 5,1870.
The resolution was not agreed to; upon a
division—ayes twenty-three, noes not counted.
Mr. CAKE, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts are
hereby authorized to allow the employment of an
additional person during the recoss of Congressupon
the consolidated index of private claims, said person
to be paid out of the contingent fund at the rate of
$1 80 per day.
motion for recess.
Mr. DAWES. I insist upon my motion that
the House now take a recess until a quarter
past one o'clock.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 113, noes 20.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at twelve o'clock and thirty minutes
p. m.)" the House took a recess till fifteen
minutes past one o'clock p. m.
The recess having expired, at one o'clock
and fifteen minutes p. m. the Speaker resumed
the Chair and called the House to order.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goriiam,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses upon the bill (H. R. No. 2413)
making appropriations to enable the Presi-
dent to pay certain annuities to and preserve
the peace with the various Indian tribes for
ihe'year ending June 30, 1871, and for other
purposes.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. As the House will have learned
from the announcement just made from the Sen-
ate, a report has been agreed upon by the com-
mittee of conference on the Indian appropriation
bill. I hardly know what course to recommend.
Should that report be adopted by the House
the session must be extended until five o'clock
this afternoon for the purpose of giving time
to enroll the bill. Should the report not be
adopted, there will be no need to extend the
session.
Mr. M AYN ARD. Cannot the bill be signed
after we adjourn'/
Mr, DAWES. The engrossed bill must be
signed by the Speaker of the House and the
President of the Senate while the two Houses
are in open session. But I do not understand
that it is necessary for a quorum of members
to be present for that purpose. Am I right,
Mr. Speaker?
The SPEAKER. There will have to be a
quorum present to transact any business.
• extending the session.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following privi-
leged resolution:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That thehour fixed for theadjourn-
ment of the two Houses on this day be extended un-
til live o'clock p. m., with the understanding that no
business shall be done in the House except the com-
pletion of the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope that resolution
will not be adopted.
Mr. RANDALL. That condition should
apply to both Houses.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts the
power of the House to impose that condition.
The time of the session can be extended, but
if any member should choose to call attention
to the fact that there was not a quorum present
the Chair would not be allowed to sign an en-
rolled bill.
Mr. DAWES. Then I will withdraw the
latter part of my resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I give notice that there
shall be no business done in this House unless
there is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels exceed-
ingly reluctant to have any business transacted
without a quorum ; and when the House con-
vened this morning the Chair directed the roll
to be called, in order that it might appear on
record that there was'a quorum present.
Mr. CULLOM. That is right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot encour-
age any legislation whatever except in the
presence of a quorum of members.
Mr. RANDALL. We will stand by the
Speaker in that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Legislation done in the
absence of a quorum is always vicious.
Mr. DAWBS. I offer my resolution in a
modified form:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring.) That the hour fixed for the adjourn-
ment of the two Houseson this day be extended until
five o'clock.p. m.
The resolution was not agreed to.
appropriations foe indian service.
Mr. DAWES submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on tile disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 2113) making appropriations to ena-
ble the President to pay ccrtain annuities to and
preserve the peace with the various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30. 1871, and lor other pur-
poses, having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to l-ecommend, and do recommend to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with amendments, as follows:
On page 4, line sixty-four, strike out ' third of
thirty installments" and insert "for this sum as."
And on page 4 of the said printed amendment,
line sixty-nine, strike out "under" and insert "as
provided for in."
And on same page, line seventy-five, strike out
"of three installments under" and insert "payment
as provided for in the."
And on pages -16 and 47, strike outlines eleven hun-
dred and twelve to eleven hundred and twenty-five,
inclusive, and add the following, as a new section to
the end of the amendments :
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted. That nothing m
thisaetcontained.orin anyof theprovisions thereof,
shall be so construed as to ratify, approve, or disaf-
firm any treaty made with said tribes, bands, or par-
ties of Indians since the 20th of July, 1867, or afiirm
or disaffirm any of the powers of the Executive and
Senate over the subject.
And the Senate agree to the same.
II. L. DAWES.
WJ1.B. ALLISON,
w. a. HOJUiiAsr,
Managers on the part of the House,
JAMES HARLAN.
tiAKRETT JJAViS,
S. ('. POM15ROF, _
Mnwicie) s on the vtu t nf the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to state to the House
that by this conference report the House gains
nothing but a transfer of this question to the
next session of Congress. The question with
the committee was solely whether they would
take the responsibility or let it rest with the
House. They thought it their duty to let t.he
responsibility rest with the House rather than
with the committee. I submit this report with
no argument for or against it. .
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker——
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent.]
Many Members. Question 1 Question!
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] propose to open
this question to debate? If it be opened to
debate the hour of adjournment will inevitably
be reached before this bill can be disposed of.
Mr. FITCH. I would like to occupy the
floor for a single minute.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] holding the floor in his own
right, and having the power to yield to me,
did yield for five minutes.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield to the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Sargent?]
Mr. DAWES. I did.
Mr. SARGENT. My right to occupy the
floor for five minutes was taken from me by
the action of the Chair and by gentlemen
calling for a vote. Now, sir 
[Cries of " Order !" and " Question !"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear tho
gentleman.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish simply to say in
a word, and this is all I would have said
before if the opportunity had been allowed;
me—that by this action the House yields™'
cherished principle, which it has stood up for
during three sessions. It is a surrender of
everything in principle and in fact.
Several Members. Not at all.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I do not so
understand it.
Mr. DAWES. Solely for the purpose of
enabling the Indian bill to be enrolled I offer*
the resolution which 1 send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the Bouse 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman 'from Massachusetts [.Mr. Dawes J a
question with reference to the explanation he
has made, and I hope I may be allowed tho
privilege.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. PETERS. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist that we have
the same right to debate a proposition as the
gentleman from Massachusetts or the gentle-
man from California, [Mr..Sargent.]
The SPEAKER. Neither the gentleman
from Massachusetts nor the gentleman from
California ought to assert their privilege to.
speak in opposition to the right of the whole
House to adjourn. If gentlemen insist upon
occupying the floor for debate the business of
the House cannot be concluded by the time
fixed for the final adjournment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I pronounce the ruling
of the Chair the most absolute and arbitrary 1
have ever heard. The right to deba|^ a ques-
tion before voting upon it is one that I have
never seen denied at, the will of any Presiding
Officer.
[Cries of " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
