4712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
income tax, is so interwoven, so interlaced
with it, that we cannot consider the one thing
fairly without having the other in connection
with it.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Air. THURMAN. I understand that he
opposes this proposed abolition of the stamp
tax, because he fears that if the revenue be
decreased in that manner the income tax will
be kept in force.
Mr. CONKLING. Hardly so, Mr. Presi-
dent. I am not opposing this section at all;
but I am endeavoring to present to the Senate,
us I present now to my friend from Ohio, this
suggestion: that upon this section two sets of
objections arise. One to its details—to the
question whether it is wise in form and in sub-
stance ; assuming that the small notes and the
receipts are to be exempted from tax, whether
the other things pertaining to it, as it stands
here, are wise. Second, it is open to the query
whether, if the income tax is not to bo re-
vived, we can afford a section so broad as this.
I do not mean to say that in the end, in any
event, I will not vote for this section. I only
say that its intelligent consideration and its fair
consideration touching the income lax requires
that we should not tie ourselves up in regard
to it now before we approach those sections
which embrace the income tax.
Air. THURMAN. I wish to say to my friend
that I expect to vote with him against a revival
of the income tax; but as a mere matter of
judgment and truth he knows very well that
those who favor the income tax say that the
(•In inor for its abolition comes only from the great
cities where the most of it is paid, as is alleged,
and especially from the city in the State which
lie in part represents, and that there are por-
tions of the country in which the income tax is
not unpopular, because really they pay none of
it, or scarcely any of it. Now, will he strengthen
the friends of abolition, will he strengthen the
party for the abolition of the income tax, by
refusing to abolish taxes that reach every sec-
tion of the country and in which every sec-
tion of the country is interested? I think that
would be bad policy.
Mr. CONKLING. Very likely not;. and I
do not propose to assume any such attitude, I
assure the Senator. But he understands as
well as I do that the management of a bill is
a matter of parliamentary skill, among other
things; and understanding that, he will see that
if we travel along following the committee in
regard to every section which presupposes that
$12,000,000 is to be earned from a tax on in-
comes we shall.be in a very bad predicament,
when we reach that point, to commeuce then
our difference with the committee. He will
understand that we ought to have the whole
subject before us as the committee had, so that
if v/e are to differ with the committee touching
the income tax we may make the same allow-
ance that the committee would have made had
they themselves recommended its abrogation.
That is so entirely plain that it is not necessary
to discuss the question whether the enemies
of the income tax are found only in the large
cities : but I beg to assure the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio that he was never more mis-
taken than he is when he applies that remark
to the State of New York.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President  
Air. CONKLING. If the Senator will par-
don me one moment, 1 understand enough
about the feeling in that State to be able to
say, and I am glad that I can say it, that peti-
tions 'innumerable, and signed by the best
members of the community in great numbers,
have come to me from purely agricultural re-
gions, where the people, if they spoke merely
upon the sordid idea, would have said, t;We
do not pay this tax, and we are not our broth-
ers' keeper, and therefore we make no objec-
tion to it; however others may be inconven-
ienced by it." That has not been the spirit
of the petitions which have come to me, but
on the contrary it is denounced from all local-
ities by all classes of men, and emphatically
by no class of men more than that class who,
in dollars and cents, are called upon to make
no response at all under the incomo statute.
Mr. THURMAN. My friend has entirely
misconceived what I said. I did not say that
the only persons opposed to the income tax
were those who were in the cities—nothing of
the kind.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
said he understood the objection to the income
tax to come from the great cities, and particu-
larly the great city in the State which I in part
represent.
Air. THURMAN. What I said was that the
friends of the incomo tax made that asser-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator'spar-
don. Then he does not make it. Wo agree.
Now, Mr. President, I ask the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. SiiEitMAN,] saying again that I cer-
tainly do not wish to interfere with his conduct
of the bill, in justice to those who want to
make the question, which is undoubtedly the
leading question upon this bill, and the only
one upon which he or his committee will meet
with any trouble in the Senate—in deference
to the wishes and the rights of those who wish
to make that question, I ask him to let this sec-
tion be passed over informally, to be resumed
whenever he sees fit to do it hereafter.
Mr. SHERMAN. In conducting a bill be-
fore the Senate, especially one of this kind, I
always yield to what 1 think is a reasonable
demand. Every one in the Senate, 1 think,
will bear witness to that. Sometimes, per-
haps, 1 go a little too far. But I do think that
this request of the Senator from New York is
unreasonable, especially in view of the state-
ment that I have already made. Now, here is
a section, which I do not believe in any event,
whether the income tax is repealed or retained,
there are five Senators who will vote against.
I know that the Senator from New York will
vote for the section, whether the income tax
is retained or repealed, because he has already
stated that in his view we can go so far as to
repeal all taxes, except certain classes of taxes.
Hero is a relief from an inconvenience to the
great masses of our people of every part of the
country; a thing that is not complained of on
account of the money involved, but on account
of the inconvenience. I ask the action of the
Senate upon it. It stands in its proper order
in the bill before we come to the question of
the income tax.
If I chose to exercise the powers given to
me by the rules, I might insist that no vote
should be taken to strike out the sections relat-
ing to the income tax untii we had passed
through the whole of this bill; but if I were to
do that I should think it was very unreason-
able. If any other Senator were to do it under
like circumstances, I should think it unreason-
able. Therefore, at the outset, I stated that I
should be very willing to allow the question of
striking out the entire income tax to be taken
the very moment we reached those sections ;
but in the mean time I desired to proceed v/ith
and dispose of the sections which preceded it.
Here is a section to which there will bo no
objection, andthe very next question that comes
up is the question of the income tax. Now, I
propose to add after the section which is under
consideration another section in regard to the
machinery of the stamp act, to which I know
there will be no objection ; and then I am per-
fectly willing that the Senator from New York
shall move to strike out the income tax. That
will lead to discussion. I desire to say some-
thing upon it myself. But I do not want to
thrust that question into the discussion of the
stamp tax. After this section is disposed of
I am perfectly willing to take the vote squarely
on that question.
Mr. SUAINER. I ask my friend whether it
will be in order to move to strike out the income
tax sections until we have gone through with
tbM7.bSHERMAN. I say not; but I will not
stand upon that point. I prefer myself, as soon
as we get through this section and reach the
income sections, rather than waste fame, that
we take the main question. I h&ve alreadj
agreed to that, and it seems to me the Senator
from New York and fill other Senators (High
to be willing to agree to it, This is a great
concession. The opponents of the measure
havenorighttosay, ".Well, we will vote against
that proposition until we come to a certain
other proposition." Why did not the Senator
do it at the beginning of the bill? Why did he
not say that the first section, which abolishes all
special taxes, should not be voted upon until
we acted upon the income tax?. That would
be no more unreasonable than this, lhc.ben-
ator from New York has given us his opinion
about tho income tax, and will no doubt debate
it more at length hereafter ; but I submit to him,
on reflection, whether we had not better pursue
the ordinary course, and when we reach the
next section of this bill, after acting oil two
amendments of the committee, then J am per-
fectly willing that he or any one else shall make
a motion to strike out the sections relating to
the income tax and have that question settled.
It will take 110 more time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment inserting the fourth
section, as amended.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to call the attention
of the chairman of the committee to the lan-
guage contained in the first part of this section;
and"I ask whether it is not susceptible of a
construction carrying it a great deal further
than 1 think he intends ? It reads:
That on and after tho Istday of October, 1870, the
slump tax imposed in schedule 13, on promissory
notes for a less sum than $109, and on receipts for
any sum of money, or for the payment of any debt,
and the stamp tax imposed in schedule O on canned
and preserved fish be, and tho same are hereby,
ropealcd.
As it is printed and as it is punctuated it
is susceptible of the construction that all
the stamp taxes imposed in schedule B are
repealed.
Air. SHERMAN. No, no.
Mr. SCOTT. I know that is not the inten-
tion.
Air. SHERMAN. Certainly not; and. the
reason that the language is just as it is is
because we recite the very words that we pro-
pose to repeal. The Senator will see that the
last clause of schedule B, if he has got the
internal revenue laws before him, provides that
"receipts for any sum of money or for the
payment of any debt exceeding fifty dollars in
amount," &c., shall be stamped so and so.
This section follows the very language of the
old law and repeals it in the very words of its
enactment.
Air. SCOTT. It is to guard against mis-
construction that I call attention to it. I sup-
pose it is not the intention. If, after the word
"schedule B," the words "on the following,
to wit," were inserted, it would guard against
that construction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania move that amend-
ment?
Air. SCOTT. If the chairman is satisfied
that it is understood as it is, I do not wish to
make any amendment.
Air. SHERMAN. I cannot see any object
in amending it; but I should not like to have
it in doubt. This provision was carefully pre-
pared and submitted to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, and he approved it.
Air. SAWYER. If the Senator will allow
me to read it he will see that it is subject to
the objections which the Senator from Penn-
sylvania makes. It reads as follows:
That on and after the 1st day of October, 1870, the
stamp tax imposed in schedule B, on promissory
notes for a less sum than S1(K), and on receipts for
any sum of money, &e.
It repeals the stamp tax in schedule B, to
