3768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Mr. SCHUMAKER. I renew the motion to
lay the bill on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And on that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 now insist that the
amendments shall be read.
The Clerk read the proposed amendments.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. SchxtmakerJ insist on his
motion to lay the bill on the table?
Mr. SCHUMAKER. I withdraw that
motion.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question, which was on the engrossment and
tnird reading of the pending bill and amend-
ments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 85, nays 98, not voting
46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Arnell, Ayer,
Bailey, Banks, Barry, Bennett, Bingham, Bowen,
George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buckley, Buflln-
ton, Burdett. Roderick R. Butler, Cessna, Churchill,
Cleveland, Conger, Covode, Davis, Dawes, Dickey,
Ela, Ferry, Fitch, Hale, Hamilton, Harris, Heflin,
Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Kelley, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Lynch, Maynard,
McCarthy, McKee, Mercur, WilliamMoore.Morphis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, Newsbam. O'Neill,
Packer, Paine, Peroe, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Potter,
Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Lionel A.
Sheldon, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William
J. Smith, Worthinston C. Smith, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stevenson, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tanner,
Taylor, Tillman, Twichell, Van Wyck, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wheeler, and
Willard—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler. Archer, Atwood,
Barnum, Beaman, Bcatty, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Blair,
Booker. Burchard, Burr, Calkin, William T. Clark,
Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conner,
Cox, Crebs, Cullom. Degener, Dickinson, Dockery,
Dox, Duval. Dyer. Eldridge, Farnsworth, Finkeln-
burg. Fox, Garfield, Geti, Gibson, Griswold, Haight,
Haldeman, Hamill, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hays,
tngersoll, Johnson, Alexander H.Jones, Judd, Kerr,
Lawrence, Lewis, Logan, Marshall, Mayham, Mc-
Crary. McGrew, McKcnzie, McNeely, EUakhn H.
Moore, Jesse H.Moore, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen,
Niblack, Orth, Packard. Pock, Pomeroy, Reeves,
Rice, Ridgway,Rogers,Schenck,Sehumaker, Shanks,
Sherrod. Slocum, William Smyth, Stiles, Stokes,
Stone, Stoughton, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble. Tyner,
Upson, V an Auken.Ward.AV elker, W hitmore, Wilkin-
son, Williams, Winans, Winchester, Witcher, and
Woodward—98.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Asper. Axtell,
Benjamin, Benton, Boles, Boyd, Buck, Benjamin
F. Butler, Cake, Clinton L. Cobb, Cowles, Dixon.
Donley, Ferriss, Fisher, Gilfillan, Hainbleton,
Heaton, Hill, Hoge, Holman, Thomas L. Jones,
Julian, Kellogg, Knott, Loughridge, McCormick,
Milnes, Samuel P. Morrill, Palmer, Piatt, Porter,
Randall, San ford. Porter Sheldon, Shober, Strader,
Townsend, Van Horn, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells,
Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Wood—16.
So the House refused to order the main
question.
Mr. ASPER. I beg to state that I have
paired with Mr. Ferriss ; if he were present
he would vote "ay," and I would vote "no."
Mr. WOOD. I am paired with Mr. Morrill,
of Maine.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. CALKIN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to order the
main question.
Mr. CULLOM. And I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order, that a friend of the bill cannot take the
floor to move to reconsider the vote by which
the House refused to order the main ques-
tion. -■*-
Mr. CALKIN. I beg to inform the gentle-
man that I voted with the majority on this ques-
tion, and have, therefore, a right to make this
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Calkin]
that in point of parliamentary precedence he
gains nothing by this motion, because, unless
he insists on his privileged motion, the bill
goes over till to-morrow and holds the morn-
ing hour, when the motion for ordering the
main question may be renewed.
Mr. CULLOM. I have moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state also
to the gentlemen on that side that they will
gain nothing by that motion, because the pre-
vious question may be again called to-morrow.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to recommit the
bill with all the amendments.
The SPEAKER. There is nothing in order
except the privileged motion of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Calkin.] Doesthegen-
tleman insist on his motion ?
Mr. CALKIN. I do.
Mr. CULLOM and Mr. ELDRIDGE moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. CALKIN. To satisfy gentlemen around
me, I will withdraw the motion to reconsider
and let the bill go over until to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until to-morrow.
message fkom tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution and bill of the
following titles, in which the concurrence of
i the House was requested :
l Joint resolution (S. 11. No. 199) providingfor
the admission of photographs for exhibition
free of duty; and
A bill (S. No. 347) for the relief of J. Allen 1
Porter.
The message also requested the return to
the Senate of the bill (S. No. 439) to grant
land to the Sierra Iron Company, passed by the
Senate May 20. j
! order op business.
Mr. CESSNA. I desire to call up the con-
tested-election case of Wallace vs. Simpson,
: from the fourth district of South Carolina, and
I will state that I propose to occupy very few
, moments of time. I desire to leave for home
| in a day or two, and I want the case disposed
of before I leave.
| Mr. KELSEY. I hope we shall go on with
the consular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
We can dispose of it, I think, within an hour.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I raise the question of
consideration in the contested-election case.
Mr. KERR. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna] if he
is not willing to defer action on this case until
his colleague from his State and on the com-
mittee [Mr. Randall] returns, so that he may
be heard.
Mr. CESSNA. I would do so, only my col- J
league [Mr. Randall] did not ask anything of j
the kind. He desired that I should state to
the House that he dissents from the report, but
he has never intimated to me that he desired
to fight the report at all. If I thought he did <
I should not ask its consideration.
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope the House will not
attempt to put through an election case involv-
ing such important principles as appear to be
involved in this report.
Mr. CESSNA. I object to debate.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the House not to
take up the case.
The question was upon taking up the con-
tested-election case.
Mr. CESSNA. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Oh, take a division.
Mr. CESSNA. Well, I will take a division
first.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
54, noes 83.
Mr. CESSNA called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Cessna and
Mr. Kerr were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 80, noes 84.
Mr. CESSNA. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that call.
Mr. CESSNA. No, sir; and I object to
debate.
Mr. DAWES. I want know when we are
going to finish the appropriation bills?
Mr. CESSNA. I object to debate, and insint
on the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and.it was decided
in the negative—yeas 87, nays 8'J, not voting
53 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Armstrong, Arnell, Asper, Ayer
Bailey, Barry, Benton.- Bingham, Bowen, Boyd,'
George M. Brooks, Bucklev, JSunlett, Roderick It.
Butler, Cessna., Churchill, William T. Clark, Ainas.i,
Cobb. Coburn, Conger,Covode, Cullom, Davis. Dege-
ner, Dickey, Donley,Duval, Dyer, Ela, Finkelnltin-g,
Hale, Hamilton, Harris, Hays, lleilin, Hoar, Hotch-
kiss, Alexander II. Jones, Kelley, Knapp, Lsii.li,
Logan, Maynard, McCarthy, McGrew, MeKoo, Mer-
cur, William Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell
Myers, Negley, Newsham, O'Neill, Orth, Packard
Packer, Paine, Phelps, Poland, Prosser, Sehcnek,
Scofield, Shanks,Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith.
William J. Smith, AVorthington C. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stokes, Stougliton,
Strickland, Strong, Tny lor, Tillman, Twichell, Tyner,
Van AVyck. AVard, Wheeler, Whitmore, AVilkinson,
AVilliams, AVinans, and Witcher—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Ames,
Archer. Banks, Barnum, Beaman, Beatty, Beck,
Biggs, Bird, Blair, Booker. James Brooks. Buffinton,
Burchard, Burr, Calkin, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland,
Cook, Conner,Cowles,Cox, Dawes, Dickinson, Dixon,
Dox, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fox, Garfield,
Getz, Gibson, Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Hamill.
Hawkins, liawley, llay, Hooper, Jenckes, Johnson,
Judd, Kelsey, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Laliin, Law-
rence, Marshall, Mayham, McKcnzie, McNeely,
Eliakim II. Moore. Jesse ll.Moore, Morgan. Mor-
rissey, Mungen, Niblack, Peck, Pomeroy, Potter,
Reeves, Rice, Ridgway, Sawyer, Schuinakcr, Slier-
rod, Shober, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone,
Swann, Tanner, Trimble, Van Auken, Voorhees,
Cadwalader C. AVashburn, William B. AVashburn,
AVillard, Eugene M.AVilson, AVlnchester, AVood, and
Woodward—89.
N 0T V OTIN G—Messrs. Atwood, Axtell, Bcnjam in,
Bennett, Boles, Buck, Benjamin P. Butler, Cake,
Clinton L. Cobb, Crebs, Dockery, Ferriss, Fisher,
Fitch, Gilfillan, Hambleton, Heaton, Hill, Hoge,
Holman, Ingersoii, Thomas L.Jones, Julian, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Loughridge, Lynch, McCormick, Mc-
Crary, Milnes. Samuel P. Morrill, Palmer, Perce,
Peters, Piatt, Porter, Randall, Rogers, Roots, San-
ford, Sargent, Porter Sheldon, Stevens. Strader,
Sweeney. Taffe, Townsend, Upson, Van Horn. Van
Trump, Welker, AVells, and John T. Wilson—53.
So the motion of Mr. Cessna was not
agreed to.
When the roil was being callcd,
Mr. CREBS said: Upon this question I am
paired with Mr. Perce, of Mississippi. If he
were present he would vote "ay," while I
would vote "no."
The result wis declared as above recorded.
minnesota and avinnipeg railroad.
Mr. WILKINSON asked and obtained unan-
imous consent to have ordered to be printed
Senate bill No. 381, lying on the Speaker's
table, being a bill granting lands to aid the
construction of a railroad from the western
boundary of Minnesota, at the junction of the
Sioux Wood river with the Red river of the
North to the Winnipeg district of British
America.
election contest.
Mr. CHURCHILL, from the committee hav-
ing in charge the contested-election case of
Whittlesey vs. Mclvenzie, from the seventh con-
gressional district of the State of Virginia,
submitted a report in writing, accompanied by
the following resolutions:
Resolved, That Charles Whittlesey is not entitled
to a seat as a member of the Forty-First Congress
from the seventh congressional district of Virginia.
ltesolved. That Lewis McKenzie is entitled to a
seat as a member of tho Forty-First Congress from
the seventh congressional district of Virginia.
The report, with the accompanying resolu-
tions, was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr, CHURCHILL. I give notice that I
will call up this case as early as possible next
week.
consular and diplomatic appropriations.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House now resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, on the consular and diplomatic
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Ingersoll in the chair,) and
