1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2825
certainly cannot have examined the statute of
1795, or he would see that there is no provision
there, and much less in the reconstruction acts,
that has any such bearing as the terms of this
section have.
Mr. SHERMAN. The objection I see to
this section now is this: we have remanded
Georgia to a military government under the
reconstruction acts, and the reconstruction acts
contain military-power as broadly and fully as
it is possible for the English language to confer
it; much more strong in some respects, I think,
than the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Missouri. I took the pains to draw a
substitute to meet what I believed was a defect
in the law of 1795, and which covers to some
extent the points embraced in the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri, but I do not
think it would be right to offer it as an amend-
ment to this bill. There is no pressing neces-
sity for such a power, I believe, except in-the
State of Georgia! and as this bill now remands
Georgia to military authority there is ample
power there now, and I do not see any object
in it.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state in a word that
manifestly the Senator from Ohio could not
have been in the Senate when the statements
were made here by southern Senators which
have been made, and which show the necessity
of such a law as this all through those south-
ern States. Sir, I trust that we shall not, by
refusing to legislate on this subject when so
urgent a demand has been made upon us for
legislation as has been made by those Senators,
proclaim to the outlaws and cut-throats who
are traversing that southern region that there
is to be no other law to reach their case^ than
that which now stands upon the statute-book.
Sir, the call from all that southern region is
for help from this Government, and 1 hope it
will be given: and, sir, this amendment of the
Senator from Maine, if adopted 
Mr. STOCKTON. I rise to a poiut of order.
I rise to inquire of the Chair whether the Sen-
ator has a right to rise three times to speak
upon this question, under the agreement? I
understand the amendment he has introduced
is precisely the same amendment, with some
few words altered, that has been on our tables
many days in print. The Senator from Mis-
souri has spoken on it several times; this, I
think, is the third time he hasl'isen to speak on
this amendment since he has offered it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thisamendment
has been changed from the printed text, and
the Senator from Missouri therefore claimed
the right when he offered it to show wherein
it differed. He is not speaking, however, now
to those points in which it differs from the
printed text.
Mr. STOCKTON. He made his explanation
and took his seat, and is again on the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. -I have simply to say one
word, and then I will sit down; and that is
that the amendment of the Senatorfrom Maine
destroys the whole force of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Maine
to the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri. , .
Mr. DRAKE called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would inquire if it would
not be more convenient and expeditious to put
the other southern States into this Georgia bill,
and so put them all under military govern-
ment? it would be a quicker and more effect-
ive way. ,
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Boreman, Buckingham,
irpeiuer, Casserly. Cole, Cragin T5av,s Mmunds.
Ferry, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Har-
lan Howe, Howell, Morrill of Maine, Morrul otVoi-
mok, Pomeroy, Pratt, Robertson, banlsbary. Saw-
yer, huhurz. Scott. Sherman, Stewart, Stockton,
T.ranm«i, Tipton, Trumbull, and iV ml
v \ Mc-th. Abhoot, Ames. Brownlow, Chand-
ler "corhott. Drake, Flanagan, Hamilton of lexas,
Harris, Howard, McDonald, Kyc,Osborn, 1 ool  Ram-
sey, Bevels. Rice, Ross, Spencer, Sumner, Thayer,
Warner. Wilson, and Yates—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard. Cameron, Cattell. Conk-
ling. i'enton. Gilbert, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis,
McOroery, Morton, Norton, Patterson, Sprague,
Vickers, and \Villiams—16.
So the amendment of Mr. Hamlin to the
amendment of Mr. Drake was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, as amended.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to withdraw the
amendment in its present form.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be
withdrawn now, as it has been amended by the
Senate.
Mr. STEWART. It can be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Missouri asks unanimous consent to withdraw
the amendment. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none. It is withdrawn.
Mr. DRAKE. I now offer the following
amendment to the bill as an additional section :
Sec.—. And beit further enacted, That whenever it
shall appear to the President, from an application
by the Legislature of any State, or by tho Governor
of such State when the Legislature cannot bo con-
vened, that domestic violence prevails in any city,
county, or municipal organization in such State,
that cannot be suppressed by tho local authorities,
it shall be the duty of tho President to suppresssuch
domestic violence, and for that purpose ho is hereby
authorized to suspend the privilege of the writ ol
habeas eorpu* within the limits of said municipality,
and to employ tho military force of the United
States, and any portion of the militia of any Statu
he may deem necessary, and to exercise all such
powers and inflict such punishment as may by the,
laws, or the Rules and Articles of War, bo exercised
or inflicted in case of insurrection or invasion.
That section is one prepared by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. SnnxtMAN,] and has been on
our tables for some days. If I cannot get my
own in its integrity I will take that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Missouri.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to strike out that
part of it which authorizes tho suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus in a time of peace
and tho employment of martial law. ["No 1"
"No!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. '' Martial law1'
does not seem to be mentioned. It is to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment. We will take it on
its naked integrity, as Brother Drake says.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; and on that ques-
tion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted^yeas 30, nays ol; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow, Chand-
ler, Crasin, Drake, Periton, Jflanagnii, Hamilton ol
Texas, Harris, Howard, Kellogg, McDonald, Morton,
Nye Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Rice,
Robertson, Sherman, Spencer. Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Warner, Wilson, and Yates—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony.Boreman, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Casserly, Cole, Corbet?1, Davis, huinunud,
Ferry Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, JIaimm.lln.r-
lan, Howe, Howell, McCreery, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Ross, Saulsbury,
Sawder, Schiirz. Scott, Stockton, Thurman, iipton,
Trumbull. Willey, and Williiims-31.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cattell,
Conklmg, Gilbert, Johnston, Lewis, Norton, 1'attor-
son, Sprague, and Viekers—11.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to offer another
amendment to the bill. It is hardly worth
while to read it in fall. It is the amendment
I offered in the first instance, with the portion
which relates to the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus and the portion which relates to
the subsistence of the troops upon the inhab-
itants stricken out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have it
ie^°heViCBPRESIDENT. The changes are
so vital in this amendment, and the vote has
been so close, that it had better be reported.
The Senator from Missouri offers the amend-
ment in a modified form. The Senate will give
their attention to it. Several clauses are omit-
ted which are found in tbe printed amend-
ment.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
Sec.—. Andbe it further enacted, That whenever it .
shall appear to the President, from an application i
by tho Legislature of any State, or by the Governor
ot such State when the Legislature cannot be con-
vened, that thero exists in such State organizations
or combinations of men engaged in the porpctra- ,
tion of acts of violence against tho persons or prop-
erty of others, or in obstructing the due execution
of the laws of such State, and that the government
of such State is unable to suppress the perpetration
of such acts of violence or obstruction, the county
or district wherein such organizations or combina-
tions exist shall bo considered in a stateof rebellion,
and it shall be the duty of tho President to send into
such county or district such number of tho tioops of
the United St.it.es as may bo necessary tor the sup-
pression of such acts of violence or obstruction, and
the subjugation and dispersion of such organiza-
tions and combinations; and tlx; officer command-
ing such troops, upon arriving in such county or
district, shall declare martial law over tho same, if
such declaration be authorized by tho President,and
shall take all measures known to martial law ior
tho suppression of such organizations and combina-
tions, and the punishment of parties eng.iged therein,
and shall hold and maintain military jurisdiction
overall persons arrested by his order until their
cases shall be finally disposed of.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire very much to vote
for any amendmentwhich I think comes within
the scope of the Constitution for the purpose
of suppressing all violence in the South ; but
I cannot vote for an amendment which gives,
directly or indirectly, an officer of the Army
with tho approval or without the approval ol
the President, tho power to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus.
Mr DRAKE. That is not in it.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is in it.
Mr. DRAKE. No,sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I cannot hear.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Martial law is in it.
Mr. HAMLIN. The amendment which the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] lias pre-
pared, with just two lines stricken out, it seems
to me would meet the approval of the Senate;
and if it is not all that the Senator from -Mis-
souri would desire I believe it would have a
moral power with it that would do a great deal
of good in the South, and it would have a vital
power that would in time be enforced in^the
courts there. I hope, therefore, that the Sen-
ator from Missouri will withdraw his amend-
ment and allow the Senator from Ohio to move
his, with the two lines suspending the writ of
habeas corpus stricken out, and let us adopt it
in that way.
Mr. DRAKE. I am as desirous as any one
can bo that some measure shall be presented
which shall command the approval ot the Sen-
ate. The Senator from Maine unconsciously
does injustice to this amendment, as now pre-
sented, in charging upon it the authority to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus. That is not
in it. All the extraordinary authority there is
in it is to declare martial law if the President
authorizes it.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask my friend from
Missouri if a declaration of martial law does
not suspend the habeas corpus and all other
law? There is no law in God's earth under
martial law.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; not necessarily.
The declaration of martial law as to all matters
would have that effect; but, sir, they constantly
except different things from the operation ot
martial law, and this declaration would ob
open to exception, under the direction of the
President. ...
Mr. WARNER. It is evident from the votes
of the Senate that the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri cannot prevail. I hope,
therefore, he will accept the amendment ot the
Senator from Ohio, with part of lines nine and
ten stricken out, striking out after the word
"authorized" in line nine to the word muni-
cipality " in lice ten.
Mi\ HOWE. Mr. President  
