1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
to say now, however, to Virginia, "We admit
tou on this condition, that yon have adopted
this constitution in good faith ; but if you here-
after nullify it, and thus prove to us that you
did not adopt it in good faith, when that time
comes we will undertake to determine the char-
acter and the extent of the redress." It will
then be for us to determine, in view of the cir-
cumstances, what we shall do, just as we did
in the case of Georgia. When Georgia was
guilty of her act of treachery we did not know
how to deal with her. It passed 0:1 for a year
before Congress finally came to the proper con-
clusion. If after the admission of Virginia
she turns around and tries to nullify this con-
stitution or to rescind her ratification of the
fifteenth amendment, and thus shows that she
was not acting in good faith and that the con-
dition of her admission has been violated, it
will then be for us to determine, in view of all
the facts and of the whole situation, how and
in what manner we shall redress the wrong. I
confess I understood my friend from Michigan
himself the other day as adopting that view.
Perhaps' I was wrong.
Nov/1 will hear the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. I am much obliged to the
honorable Senator from Indiana for giving me
an opportunity thus to interpolate in hisremarks
a.few words. If I am not mistaken the honor-
able Senator from Indiana and I are intent
Upon the same object; but I think he has opened
up in Ms recent remarks a field of discussion
wnich will probably be almost as unlimited as
that which we have gone through heretofore.
I think he has done it, perhaps, if he will allow
me to say so without disrespect, without as
close reflection as he generally gives to these
questions. The Senator says that it was a
condition-precedent to the admission of Vir-
ginia that this constitution should be adopted,
and that for Virginia after her admission to
attempt to nullify the common-school provision
would be a breach of good faith which would
authorise Congress to interpose. Now, the
point that I wish to present to the considera-
tion of my friend from Indiana is this: that
the Constitution of the United States gives to
Congress the power to guaranty to every State
a republican form of government, and that is
all that his proposed preamble to this bill sets
forth in regard to the constitution of Virginia.
If we go beyond that we go into a terra incog-
nita. If we go beyond that we get into a region
where there will be endless conflict. What I
want the Senator's support in is this, that we
shall affix the same description of provisions
upon this bill that we have affixed upon the
bills of other States admitted, and when we
have done that let the bill pass if it can get
votes enough.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Missouri seems to think that if this bill
shall have the. same conditions or limitations
placed upon it which were placed upon other
bills that is enough. Allow me to say that
that argument is not a good one ; that as we
act from year to year and from time to time we
should take advantage of all the experience we
have had in the mean time, and if in the mean
time experience has suggested that further
action should be taken, then we should act ac-
cordingly. I think, Mr. President, that the
experience of the last eighteen months has
brought the Congress of the United States now
to the point that we should declare that we
accept of the legal consequences of the doctrine
of reconstruction. 1 know the common idea
was, without consideration, a year and a half
ago that when these States were onee admitted,
or,ifyouplease, restored to representation, they
passed entirely from under the jurisdiction of j
Congress and we were done with them. Sir,
that was illogical, and experience has now
shown that we cannot stand upon that doctrine.
We must follow the doctrine of reconstruction
to its consequences, and if necessary we must
deal with these States after they have been re-
admitted.
Now, in regard to the common-school sys-
tem of Virginia; I referred to that as an illus-
tration. I mean tosay that the adoption of
that constitution with all its guarantees' of
liberty and security and provision for the loyal
men and the colored men is a condition of
admission; that its adoption in good faith is-the
condition; and if as soon as she comes in she
turns around and nullifies that constitution in
whole or in part it will be conclusive evidence
that she was not acting ia good faith ; the'cou-
dition will have been broken, and it will then
be for Congress to determine the character of
the redress that shall be adopted.
The Senator says that he confiued his con-
ditions to two points. They are very important
in themselves. The fifteenth amendment will
settle one of them very clearly, and will prob-
ably settle both. But there are other provisions
that have been threatened to be put aside
which are of equal practical importance, and
I wish to secure all of them. I wish to say to
them, "The adoption of your constitution in
every material part in good faith is the condi-
tion of your restoration here, and if you shall
trample upon it as soon as you come in, if you
shall show that you are practicing a fraud upon
us, that you are playing a trick, we reserve the
power and the right to deal with you ; we give
you this notice in advance.''
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, in what the
Senator from Indiana has said in reply to the
Senator from Nevada I entirely sympathize. I
unite with the Senator from Indiana in his
amendments. I unite with him in his aspira-
tions for that security in the future which I say
is the first great object now of our legislation
in matters of reconstruction. Without security
iu the future reconstruction is a failure ; and
that now should be our first prime object. But
while I unite with the Senator on those points
he will pardon me if I suggest to him that he
has not done me justice in his reference to what
I said. And now, sir, before I comment on bis
remarks, I ask to have the pending motion read.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Axthokv
in the chair.) The pending motion is the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] to refer the bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. So I understood, sir, and
it was to that motion that I spoke. I argued
that the bill and all pending questions should
be referred to the committee, and on what
ground ? That the election was carried by a
colossal fraud. The Senator complains because
I did not go further and say whether I would
have a new election or not. The occasion did
not require it. I am not in the habit, the Sen-
ator knows well, of hesitating in the expression
of my opinions ; but logically the time had not
come for the expression of any opinion on that
point. My argument was that there must be
inquiry. To that point the Senate knows well
I have directed attention from the beginning
of this debate. I have said, " Why speed this
matter ; why huri-y it to this rash consumma-
tion ; why, without inquiry, hand over the loy-
alists of Virginia, bound hand and foot, as
victims ?'' That is what I have said; and it is
no answer for my friend to say that I do not
declare whether 1 would have a new election
or not.
When an inquiry has been made, and we know
officially and in authentic form the precise facts,
T shall be ready to meet all the requirements
of the occasion—so at least I trust. My friend,
therefore, was premature in his proposition to
me. May 1 remind him of that incident in the
history of our profession when a very learned
and eminent chief justice of England said to a
counselor at the bar, " Do not jump before
you get to the stile in other words, do not
speak to a point .until the point has arisen.
The point which the Senator presents to mc
had not yet arisen: the question was not be-
fore the Senate whether there should be a new
election or not. There was no such motion,
nor did the occasion require its consideration.
My . aim was in all simplicity to show the rea-
sons for inquiry. Now, it may be that when
that inquiry is made it will appear that I am
mistaken, that this election is not the terrible
fraud that I'believe it that the loyall people,
Hack and white, will hereafter be secure "In the
State of Virginia under the proposed consti-
tution. It may be that all that will become
apparent on the report of your committee; it
is not apparent Sows On the* coiitrary, just
the opposite.is atipareht. It is apparent that
loyalists will not bg-sefcurc; that freedmen will
suffer unknown peril unless you how" throw
over them your pr'ofebting arm.
That is my object. I wish to secure safety.
I wish to surround all my fellow-eitizeris in
that State with an impenetrable ssgis. ' Is not
that an honest desire? Is it not a justaspira-
tion ? I know that my friend from Indiana
shares it with me; I claim no monopoly of it,
but I mention it in order to explain the argu-
ment which I have made.
In the cours'e of this debate there has been
an iteration of assertion on certain points. I
mention two, one of fact and the other of law.
It has been said that we are pledged to admit
Virginia, and this assertion has been repeated
in every variety of form and then, it is said
that in {joint of law the test-oath is not required.
Now, to both these assertions, whether of fact
or law, I reply, "You are mistaken.", * "The
pledge to admit Virginia.cannot be shpwn, and
the requirement of the test-o&th can be shown.
It is strange to see the forgetfuluess of great
principles into which Senators have been led in
partisanship. Certain Senators forget the peo-
ple, forget the lowly, only to remember rebels.
They forget that our constant duty, is to pro-
tect our fellow-citizens in Virginia at all haz-
ards. This is our first duty, which cannot be
postponed. In the reconstruction of Virginia
it must be an ever-present touch-stone.
Look at the text of the reconstruction acts,
or their spirit, and it is the spme. By their
text the first and commanding duty is that
"peace and good order should be enforced in
said States until loyal and republican govern-
ments can "be legally established, "and until then
'' any civil government which may exist therein
shall be deemed provisional only and in all
respects subject to the paramount authority
of the United States at any time to abolish,
modify, control, or supersede the same.'' Such
are the duties and powers devolved upon Con-
gress by the very terms of the first reconstruc-
tion act. The duty is to see that "loyal and
republican government" is established, and
the power is "to modify, control, or super- v
sede" the provisional government.
It is not enough to say that Virginia has
performed certain things required by the statute.
This is not enough. The Senate must bo
satisfied that her government is loyal and repub-
lican. This opens the question of fact. Is
Virginia loyal? Is her Legislature loyal? Is
the new government loyal ? These questions
must bo answered. How isthefact? Do not-
tell me that Virginia has complied with certain
formal requirements. Behind all there is the
great requirement of loyalty. Let Senators
who insist upon her present swift admission
show this loyalty. There is no plighted faith
of Congress which can supersede this duty.
Disloyalty is like fraud ; it vitiates the whole
proceeding. Such is the plain meaning of the
text in its words.
But if we look at the spirit of the acts the
conclusion becomes still more irresistible.
It is contrary to reason and to common sense
to suppose that Congress intended to blind its
eyes and tie its hands, so that it could see
' nothing and do nothing although the State con-
tinued disloyal to the core. And yet this is
the argument of Senators who set up the pre-
tension of plighted faith. There is "Virginia
with a constitution dabbled in blood, with a
Legislature smoking with rebellion, and with
a Governor commending himself to rebels
throughout a long canvass by promising to
