570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
strike at common schools; and here is Con-
gress blindfold" and with hands tied behind
the back. Such is the picture. To look at it
is enough.-
Sir, the case is clear—too clear for argument.
Congress is not blindfold, nor are its hands
tied. Congress must see and it must act. But
the loyalty of a State should be like the sun in
the heavens, so that all can see it. At present
we-see nothing but disloyalty.
The next assertion concerns the test-oath,
and on this point I desire to be precise.
General Canby, the military commander in
Virginia, thought that the test-oath or "iron-
clad" should be required in the organization
of the Virginia Legislature. This opinion was
given after careful examination of the statutes,
and was reaffirmed by him at different times.
According to him, the test-oath must be ap-
plied until the constitution has been approved
by Congress, and in one of his letters the com-
mander saysj " Its application to the seceded
States before they were represented in Congress
appears to be the natural result of their political
relation to the. Union, independent of the re-
quirements of the ninth section of the law of July
19, 1867." To my mind this opinion is unan-
swerable, and.it is reenforced by the reason as-
signed. Nothing could be more natural than that
the test-oath, which was expressly required of
the board of registers andofother functionaries,
should be required of the Legislature, so long
as the same was within the power of Congress.
The reason for it in one case was equally ap-
plicable in the other case; nay, it was stronger,
if possible, in the case of the Legislature, inas-
much as the powers of the latter are the most
vital. It is this Legislature which is to begin
the new State government. Two essential parts
of the system depend upon it—the courts of
justice, which are to be reorganized, and the
common schools. To my mind it is contrary
to reason that the establishment and control
of these two great agencies should be commit-
ted to a disloyal Legislature ; in other words,
to a Legislature that cannot take the test-oath.
The requirement of this oath is only a natural
and reasonable precaution, without harshness
or proscription. It is simply-for the sake of
security. Therefore is General Canby clearly
right on grounds of reason.
Looking at the text of the reconstruction
acts, the conclusion of reason is confirmed by
a positive requirement. By the ninth section
of the act of July 19, 1867, it is provided—■
" That all members of paid boards of registration
and all persons liereafier elected or appointed to
office in said military districts under any so-called
iState or municipal authority •' * * * *
"shall bo required to take and to subscribe the oath
of office prescribed by law for officers of the United
States.''
Senators find ambiguity in the terms " under !
any so-called Slate or municipal authority;" i
but I submit, sir, that this is because they do
not sufficiently regard the whole series of re-
construction acts and construe these words in
their light. If there be any ambiguity it is
removed by other words, which furnish a pre-
cise and unassailable definition of the term
"so-called State authority." By the recon-
struction act of March 2, 1867, it is provided
'' that until the people of said rebel State shall
be by law admitted to representation in the
Congress of the United States, any civil gov-
ernment which may exist therein shall be
deemed provisonal only and in all respects
subject to the paramount authority of the
United States." This is clear and precise.
Until the people are admitted to representation
the State government is "provisional only,"
or, in other words, it is a "so-called State
authority." Nov/, the Legislature was elected
under "so-called State authority," that is,
under a State constitution which was "pro-
visional only." Therefore, according to the
very text of the reconstruction acts, one inter-
preting another, must this test-oath be required.
If it be insisted that the Legislature was not
elected under "so-called State authority,"
pray under what authority was it elected ?
Perhaps it will be said of the United States.
Then surely it would fall under the general re-
quirement of the act of July 2, prescribing the
test-oath to all officers of the United States.
But I insist upon this application of the statute
only in reply to those who would exclude the
Legislature from the requirement of the recon-
struction act. I cannot doubt that it cqmes
precisely and specifically within this require-
ment.
i This conclusion is" enforced by thre.e addi-
tional arguments:
1. By a resolution of Congress bearing .date
February 6, 1869, " respecting the provisional
governments of Virginia and Texas." It is
declared "that the persons now holding civil
office in thepro visional governments of Virginia
and Texas, who cannot take and subscribe the
oath prescribed by the act Of July 2,1862, shall,
on the passage of this resolution, be removed
therefrom." By these plain words is the pur-
pose of Congress manifest. The test-oath is
prescribed for all persons " holding civil office"
in the provisional government of Virginia. But,
by requirement in the first reconstruction act,
the provisional government lasts until the State
is admitted to representation.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question on that point ?
Mr. SUMNER. I would rather finish what
I have to say, as I shall be very brief on this
point; then I will very gladly hear the Senator.
2. Then comes a well-known rule of inter-
pretation, requiring that words shall be con-
strued ut res magis voleat quant pereat, in
other words, so that the object shall prevail
rather than perish. But the very object of the
reconstruction act, on which this question
arises, was to keep rebels from the State gov-
ernment. This object is apparent from begin-
ning to end. But this object is defeated by
any interpretation disallowing the test-oath.
8. Then comes another rule of interpreta-
tion which is of equal obligation. It is that,
we are always to incline so as to protect Lib-
erty and Right; and this rule, for double as-
surance, is embodied in the very text of the
statute, whose meaning is now under consid-
eration, being the last section, as follows :
" That all the provisions of this act and of tho acts
to which this is supplementary shall be construed
liberally to tho end that all the intents thereof may
be fully and perfectly carried out."
Following this rule we find still' another
reason for so interpreting tho statute as to
require the test-oath.
Thus by the reason of the case—by the
natural signification of the text—by the light
furnished from the supplementary statute—by
the rule of interpretation that the object must
prevail rather than perish—and by that other
commandingrule which requires a liberal inter-
pretation favorable to Liberty and Human
Rights—by all these considerations, any one of
which alone is enough, while the whole make
.a combination of irresistible-, infinite force, are
we bound to require the test-oath?
There is one more remark of Andrew John-
son, just, wise, and patriotic, for which I can
forget many derelictions of duty, when he said,
" for the rebels back seats." I borrow this lan-
guage. The time will come when rebels will
be welcome to tho full copartnership of govern-
ment ; but this can be only when all are securo
in their rights. Until then, "for the rebels
hn nir £2 A C* f" G '
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I shall not
again attempt to argue the question as to whether
the members of the Legislature of Virginia were
required to take the test-oath. I had supposed
that that position had been abandoned. In the
first place, no deliberative body can be required
to take that oath except by some provision of
law, and the provision of law has not been and
cannot be referred to. The Legislature of
Virginia cannot be required to take that oath
by reason of any general philosophy of recon-
struction.
Mr. SUMNER. I referred to the- law,
quoted it.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator referred to
the act of July 19, 1867, which clearly refers
to officers linder the then existing State gov-
ernments, so describing them, 1 will not go
over that ground again as I did before ; but that
is the clear import of that section, Tnat is sus-
tained and corroborated by the section the
Senator has read from the act of Febraary'.6,
1869. I should like to have that act if the
Senator will hand it to me.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senator reads
that allow me to correct Ma quotation of.the
statute. The Senator says, "under existing
so-called State or municipal authority." The
language of the statute is, '1 under any so-called
State or municipal authority," and my argu-
ment was that a provisional government is a
"so-called State or municipal authority."
Mr. MORTON. The description there clearly
applied Jo the then existing so-called State
governments set up by Mr. Johnson, the valid-
ity of which we denied. I showed that that
was the clear meaning of it by referring to the
second section of the same act, which provided
that any officer under the so-called existing
State governments might be removed by the
military commander, clearly showing that it
did not refer to a member of the Legislature,
because nobody ever pretended that a military
commander could remove que member pf the
Legislature and appoint another in his place.
The two sections taken together show conclu-
sively that they referred to officers appointed
uriderthe so-called existing State governments
created by President Johnson.
But one word further, Mr. President. Sec-
tion nine of the act of July 19, 1867, was pro-
spective in its character, and applied expressly
to " all persons hereafter elected or appointed
to office" in those States. The act of February
6, 1869, comes in aid of that section, and is
retroactive in its character. It comes in ex-
planation of the previous act, and is in contra-
diction of the Senator's theory.
Mr. SUMNER. The statute of 1869?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I have read it.
Mr. MORTON. The section referred to in
the act July 19, 1867, was prospective, that all
persons thereafter to Re appointed under the so-
called State governments should take the test-
oath. The act of 1869 comcs in and provides
that all persons under th.e so-called State gov-
ernments, referring to the Slates still out,
Virginia, Texas, and Mississippi, who had not
taken that oath and could not take it, should
be removed. In other words, there were per-
sons who had been appointed before the act
of 1867, and who were not embraced by the
act of 1867, who had never taken the oath and
still remained in office. The act of 1869 came
in and provided that such persons should be
removed. How does it read ? '" That all per-
sons now holding civil office in the provisional
governments of Virginia and Texas who can-
not take and subscribe the oath prescribed by
the act entitled ' An act to prescribe an oath
of office,' approved July 2, 1862," shall be
removed. Does the Senator deny that this
act applies to officers under the so-called State
governments created by Mr. Johnson? If he
does, then the act of 1867 does; and this
comes in aid of the act of 1867, so that the
reference^ made by the Senator destroys the
construction that he gives to the ninth section
of the act of 1867.
But, Mr. President, the Senator talks about
the general philosophy of the reconstruction
measures. I assert that the general purpose
of those measures was to admit everybody to
partake in the work of reconstruction except
those who were obnoxious to the fourteenth
amendment. The reconstruction acts start
out with requiring the voter to take an oath
, peiore he can register that he is not obnoxious
i to the provisions of the fourteenth amendment \
in other words, no one could vote who was
