3770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
1/ /
various heads of appropriation which absorb
more than this difference.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. KELSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. This bill appropriates
nearly a million dollars. A large portion of
the amount, not far from half a million dol-
lnrs, is for consular salaries and expenses.
What I would like to know, and what the
country would like to know, is whether this is
in addition to the consular fees.
Mr. KELSEY. The excess last year of
fees over the salaries of consuls and loss by
exchange is $75,722 54. The whole amount
of fees received was $4-59,722 43.
Mr. MAYNARD. I pet the question with
the view of directing attention to this point:
that these consular expenses are not appropri-
ations in the sense of being a tax upon the
people. They are more than met by the fees
which are collected abroad.
Mr. KELSEY. It is true that the fees are
collected abroad. But the total expenses con-
nected with these consulates far exceed the
fees collected by them.
The amendment to the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. VOORHEES. I wish to offer an
amendment, if in order. I desire to strike
out the words " Santiago de Cuba."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will recog-
nize the gentleman from Indiana after the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine is
disposed of.
The question was put on Mr. Peters's amend-
ment ; and it was disagreed to, on a division—
ayes seventeen, noes not counted.
Mr. PETERS. I now move the same amend-
ment, only substituting "$500" for "$750."
The question was put on the amendment;
and it was disagreed to, on a division—ayes
seventeen, noes not counted.
Mr. VOORHEES. I move to amend the
paragraph by striking out the words " Santiago
de Cuba" in line seventy-two. I do this, Mr.
Chairman, for the purpose of calling, in a very
quiet and calm manner, the attention of this
House to the fact that the American flag at
that consulate does not protect either the per-
son of the consul himself or the personal safety
of American citizens within his jurisdiction.
That being the case, Congress should not vote
money to keep a representative at that post.
He cannot*reside there in safety.
If this Administration is determined not to
enforce the protection of our citizens abroad
we had better withdraw all our diplomatic
intercourse with the nations of the world. I
now ask the Clerk to read from the New York
Tribune of yesterday morning an article in
regard to the treatment of Consul Phillips" at
Santiago de Cuba, and the murder of innocent
Americans by the Spanish authorities.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The indignities to Consul Phillipi—Particulars of
the Execution of Wyeth and Speakman—The Comtul
forced to leave Santiago.—Consul A. E. Phillips, late
of Santiago de Cuba, has just arrived on the steamer
North America. His acoountof his treatment while
on the island shows that the Spaniards have little
respect for American citizens or the American flag.
He says that soon after his predecessor left Cuba the
cafes of Speakman and Wyeth came up. They were
American eitizens, and Wyeth had been a telegraph
operator in th is city. He and Speakman went aboard
a steamer in New York harbor, supposing that they
were going to Cuba all right. Before they had passed
Sandy Hook a party of ten or fifteen men boarded
the vessel and landed her near Santiago. The entire
party was captured, and all were tried, condemned,
and sentenced to death. There was no proof of their
intimacy with Cuban affairs beyond their presence
on the vessel, and everybody believed their story
exccpt the Spanish police. On the night before the
morning of the execution the consul aid not sleep a
moment. All possible means had been used to pre-
vent the execution, except applying to the English
consul. The two held a conference, and just before
the fated hoar arrived they went to the Spanish
(Governor, who was said to be asleep. Mr. Phillips
forced his way past the servant?, and found ' his
majesty' in bed, smoking. He covered his facewith
lii3 hands and said that he did not wish them to ask
lor any favors. Both consuls urged their case, and
prayed for only three days' respite, saying that the
prisoners would be ablo to provo their innocence by
that time.
"The Governor declared that they had been sen-
tenced, and that he could not interfere. The Eng-
lish consul did his utmost, but all efforts were useless,
and the condemned were then told to die like Amer-
icans. They did, and they met their fato without a
struggle.
"After this it became warm for tho American con-
sul, but for a while his dbpatche3 were forwarded
and each time ho received letters of thanks from
Washington. Last January he sent a report reflect-
ing severely on the Spanish Government. Some
Washington reporters got hold of it, and published
extracts. Shortly after this ho received anonymous
notes from friends in Now-York, warning him to
look out. Tho samo day that the information was
received a colored servant rushed into the house
exclaiming, ' 0 massa, the soldiers have seen a copy
of your dispatch, and they wi! 1 kill you. They are
gathering up-town.'
" Further rumors of assassination reached him tho
next hour, and then he thought it was about time to
prepare for a visit. Five Americans, with Captain
Cox, were all he couldmuster in the place. The stars
and stripes were run ui , and they determined to die
like men. Seeing that there were but few arms,
Mr. Phillips sent for the English consul, who came
promptly and told him that he was obliged to apply
to a foreign Government for protection. They went
to tho Governor and demanded protection. Ho said
that he would do the best he could, but he advised
Mr. Phillips to get out of Santiago as quickly as pos-
sible. He assured the consul that ho held his life in
his hands as he (Phillips) did his. Preparations were
made to embark on board a French steamer in the
harbor, which would wait only one hour. Mrs.Phillips
was sent to the wharf in a close carriage. While a ser-
vant was packing up some dispatches word was re-
ceived that the consul would be assassinated on his
way to the ship. He again applied to the Governor
for protection, who sent his privato secretary. By
going through back alleys, in company with the Brit-
ish consul, the steamer was reached in safety. It was
nearly a month after leaving Santiago before Mr.
Phillips was able to find an American steamer, and
in the mean time he was a guest of the Fronch and
English commanders. He finally ran across Admiral
Poor at Jamaica, who took him back to Santiago.
Here, under the guns of an American man-of-war,it
was not considered safe to go ashore, so the papers
and accounts of the consul were sent on board while
the vessel lay anchored in front of the town."
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Chairman, that
statement from the New York Tribune dis-
closes the melancholy fact that an American
consul was chased out of Santiago de Cuba,
through back alleys, under the protection of
the British consul, the American flag floating
over the consulate powerless to guard him from
the fury of a brutal mob supported by the offi-
cials of Spain, it discloses the fact that Ameri-
can citizens were butchered there in cold blood
by official sanction. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Cessna] has just approached and
told me that Wyeth lived in his district; that his
parents, who are as respectable people as there
are in Pennsylvania, still reside at Chambers-
burg. I enjoin and implore every member of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and every
one of you who have access to the dead man
who presides over the State Department, to go
to him and tell him, if you can make him hear,
that the blood of American citizens cries aloud
from the ground for action, cries in mournful
and bitter reproaches against him for hia im-
becility, his sloth, his disregard of the pride
and honor and glory and safety of this Repub-
lic, once great and honored throughout the
world, but now sunk so low, through his inac-
tion, that a fifth-rate Power slaughters her cit-
izens with impunity, and drives her represent-
atives in fugitive haste from their posts of
diplomatic duty.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. The statement which has been read in
regard to the consul at Santiago de Cuba is
undoubtedly correct. The facts, although not
directly from Mr. Phillips, as they are reported
in the journal which has been read, have long
been before the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and we are waiting an opportunity to report
upon the whole subject, waiting patiently for
an opportunity. We will not lose one minute
in calling the attention of the House to the
subject. But that does not appear to me to
be a reason why we should abolish the con-
sulate at Santiago de Cuba; but, on the con-
trary, it is a strong reason why it should be
supported, and why the Government, if it has
not doue all that is necessary to maintain the
honor of our flag, should renew its efforts in
that direction.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say, in connec-
tion with what has been said by tho gentleman
from Massachusetts, because I have read these
reports before, and I have been feeling for
, some time that we were not doing our duty,
and that the hesitancy on our part was almost
criminal, that I am satisfied that at any time
the Committee on Foreign Affairs will ask ilie
House to let them make that report the House
will not object to it; and I hope it will be
done.
I Mr. MUNGEN. So do I.
i Mr. BANKS. I have given more attention
, to this subject than the gentleman from lili-
j nois can have done. I have been watching
with care day by day, and hour by hour, and
minute by minute, the temper of the House in
regard to this matter ; and although I believe
that the House is willing to give the subject
consideration at an early day, and I expect
within a week or ten days at least the whole
subject will be presented, I believe there has
not been one moment when we could have
obtained the leave of the House to act upon
this question by the submission of the report.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman will
ask that leave, and see whether the House will
allow it.
Mr. BANKS. Well, I shall ask it. I have
already asked it. I have asked permission to
report from the Committee on Foreign Affairs
on the subject, and the House has given us a
special assignment. But other special orders
have had precedence, and it has Dot been in
our power to set aside those orders and to get
a two-thirds vote to set aside other important
orders, embracing the tariff legislation and the
legislation connected with the appropriation
bills. But as soon aa it is possible to do it I
shall ask the House to give us that opportun-
ity. I will say to the gentleman from Illinois
and the gentleman from Indiana that we will
not lose one moment in presenting this subject
to the House.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not intend to cast any
reflection on the Committee on Foreign Affairs;
nothing of that sort; nor do I pretend to know
the temper of the House, nor anybody's opin-
ions but my own. But I do not believe the
House will object to taking up the question at
any time the gentleman asks it, because tho
whole country demands, from one end of it to
the other, that we shall speak in reference to
Cuban affairs ; and outrages have been per-
petrated there until, as the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Voobhees] has said, the very blood
of American citizens cries aloud from the groun d
for the protection of this Government. And
it is due to the people of this country that this
I Government should show some sympathy at
least for struggling communities who are seek-
ing to obtain for themselves the same freedom
which we enjoy. I hope that on the lirstoppor-
t.unity the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] will ask for a suspension of the rules
in order to bring this subject to the attention
of the House.
Mr. BANKS. I shall do so on the first
opportunity.
Mr. VOORHEES. So far as I know the
temper of the House, and I think I know the
disposition of this side of the House, they are
ready at any time to give the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] an opportunity to
bring this subject to the attention of the House.
I will now withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I renew the amendment
to the amendment. It seems to me that the
blood of American citizens should boil when
such stories of outrages as these are recounted
in our hearing and are admitted to be true. But
I wish to call the attention of the Committee
of the Whole to the means by which we shall
redress those outrages. Shall it be by means of
resolutiong reported from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, even though they be adopted
