4714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22, J
income of a corporation, at a greater rate or
greater amount than on the income of some
other business, would be, in my judgment,
clearly unconstitutional. If that be so, you
may levy a discriminating income tax against
income derived from Government bonds, and
in that way accomplish a popular object in a
certain portion of this country.
Mr. CORBETT. How as to the whisky tax?
Mr. SHERMAN. The whisky tax is an
excise tax, quite a different thing. We are
not bound to levy the same rate of tax on arti-
cles of consumption.
Mr. CORBETT. You exempt §1,000 of
income.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; but we ex-
empt $1,000 derived from all incomes. If
the idea is that you can gild over this dose by
repealing the tax on personal income, leaving
the tax on the income from bonds of railroad
or other companies and incomes from corpora-
tion stocks, Senators may as well abandon the
idea ; it could not be entertained in any judi-
cial tribunal in the United States.
I take this, then, as a question which rules
the whole income tax. that yields under the
present law $37,000,000. It yielded last year,
and yields now, according to the statement we
have before us, $38,512,334. It is proposed
by this bill to reduce the tax to three per cent,
on all income, which amounts to a reduction
of two fifths or $14,000,000, and it is proposed
further to extend the exemption from §1,000
up to $2,000. [ may say in regard to the last
proposition that the Committee on Finance
were equally divided.
1 think that the exemption ought to be main-
tained at $1,000, and that the. attempt to dis-
criminate against incomes above §2,000 in
favor of incomes above $1,000 is all wrong.
The only foundation for any exemption or any
discrimination was this: that whatever is ne-
eesssary to pay for the daily food, the daily
necessities of a family in ordinary condition,
may be exempted on a special ground, on the
ground upon which it has always been ex-
empted in England, that where a man receives
according to their laws £150, that £150 pays
more tax in the way of articles of consumption
than can be possibly levied upon the incomes
of the rich. It so happens that by the laws of
nature the poor man of small income must
consume just as much tea, coffee, and sugar ;
his food is as great ie bulk, if not in value, as
that, of the wealthiest man in the country; and
therefore it is that a discrimination is made in
favor of persons of small incomes where the
income is derived from labor; and in England
it has been established that that amount is
£150. Below that no income tax is now levied.
Above that the income tax i3 applied; and
that exemption is put solely upon the ground
that the £150, although an income, and there-
fore properly subject to tax, already pays taxes
on consumption fully equal to anything that
may be levied upon a higher income.
1 think, therefore, the attempt made by the
Bouse of Representatives to raise the exemp-
tion from $1,000 to $2,000 abandons the found-
ation upon which any exemption is justified at
all, because a man with $1,000 income can
maintain an ordinary family in the condition in
which the great body of the people of our coun-
try now live. Not one in seventy of the fami-
lies of this country pay an income tax under
the present exemption of $1,000. Now, only
two hundred and seventy-one thousand per-
sons out of a population of forty millions pay
any income tax at all with the exemption of
$1,000. If there are eight million families,
allowing five persons to each family, only
three per cent, of the families of the country
now pay an income tax, if each payer rep-
resented a family; but probably nine tenths, if
not ninety-five hundredths of the families of this
country do not now receive and earn $1,000 a
year. You may, therefore, properly exempt
the great mass of the people, but solely on
the ground that their tax on the articles con-
sumed by them is more than any income tax
that could possibly be laid on the rich.
Take the ordinary consumption of tea, sugar,
and coffee, those three great elements of con-
sumption, and which yield us now a large por-
tion of our customs revenue. Count what the
cost to a family in the ordinary condition of
our couutry among the farming and working
population of the country is—the tax on sugar,
tea, and cofl'ee. If the ordinary quantity of
these three articles is consumed, the duty on
them alone for a man whose income is derived
from his daily labor is more than the highest
income tax that has ever been levied in the
United States; and therefore this exemption
in favor of the great mass of the people of
$1,000, the amount already fixed, which is
rather more than the average of the yearly
labor of the families of this country, is exempted
on the ground that they already, in other ways,
pay a larger tax. But when you reach $1,000,
there is no other reason then for any more
exemption. The exemption of incomes be-
tween $1,000 and $2,000 is agrarian. It is an
attempt to lift from the shoulders of one hun-
dred and seventy thousand persons a burden
which they are well able to bear, and it throws
the whole burden of the income tax on the
remaining one hundred thousand very wealthy
people of this country.
My own opinion, therefore, is that this ex-
emption ought not to be raised above $1,000,
and that the rate of taxation ought to be de-
creased. I would rather far levy two per cent,
tax on incomes above $1,000 than levy three
per cent, on incomes above $2,000, though
the yield would bo about the same. A tax of
two per cent, on all incomes above $1,000
would, according to the best judgment of sta-
tisticians, yield something like $20,000,000,
which would be about the net result of an
income tax ofthrce per cent, with an exemption
of $2,000.
The Senator from New York and the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts have led off in do-
claiming against the income tax. They have
declared it to be invidious. Well, sir, all taxes
are invidious. They say it is inquisitorial.
Well, sir, there never was a tax in the world
that was not inquisitorial. Take the ordinary
taxes levied in the State of Ohio, and in all the
States in this country by the States at large.
Do they not require the assessor to go around
and ascertain the personal property of every
citizen? Is not that inquisitorial? Under the
laws of'the State, of Ohio they have the right
to require an oath of every tax-payer as to his
personal property. Is not that the law of most
of the States? I ask my honorable friend from
New York whether in New York a man is not
bound to swear to his personal property?
Mr. CONKLING. He is bound, if he com-
plains of the assessment, to go and do what is
called "swear off;" but not in the first in-
gtfj.il CO.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is inquisitorial.
What right has an assessor, State or national,
to come to me and inquire into my private
affairs, to know how much personal property I
lmve got? And yet it is done everywhere ; it is
the basis of all taxation. What right has an
inspector to go to New York and examine a
merchant's books ? He will not take the mer-
chant's word, but he examines each article of
his goods, inspects everything. Every tax col-
lected goes on the supposition that a man is a
rascal. That is the practical and unavoidable
supposition in levying taxes. Every tax is in-
quisitorial, and the least inquisitorial of all is
the income tax. Why, sir, look at the whisky
tax, look at the tobacco tax, look at your
special taxes. A man under your laws cannot
practice the ordinary avocations and profes-
sions without being subjected to an inquisito-
rial tax.
Those Senators say this tax is unequal. So
it is. They say that rogues escape and honest
men pay. Is not that so with all taxes in all
the States? Was there ever a tax that was
fairly assessed and honestly collected m all
respects? I do not know of any. . Look at
the tax on real property, even, which w be
lieved to be the fairest of all taxes.
are said to be inequalities in that, and wly .
The value of a man's property is estun^tea,
and he is taxed on that. The rental of one
property may be productive, yielding a large
income, and another may be entirely unpro-
ductive ; but the same rate of tax is put upon
both. You go to the homestead of a widow
who has nothing but a roof to cover her head,
and you levy your tax upon the entire value ot
that homestead, and make her pay it, although
she may have to sell the last shoat, the last
chicken, the last egg, to pay it. So, also, you
levy on the property of the rich. Is not that
an unjust tax? Certainly it is ; and you can-
not levy taxes so as to make them just in all
respects. There never was a just tax m the
world, aud never will be. .
But, sir, there never was so just a tax levied as
theincometax. Why? What isthe theory of it?
The income tax is simply an assessment upon
a man according to his ability to pay accord-
ing to his annual gains. What tax could be
more just in theory ? You say ifc is difficultin
practice, and so is any tax ; so are all personal
taxes. There is no objection that can be urged
against the income tax that I cannot point to
in every tax and say, " Here the same objec-
tion can be made."
But there is another thing in a popular Gov-
ernment like ours which Senators should not
forget. They have heard the clamor raised
about our ears by the newspapers and by men
whose incomes are large; but when you come
down to the solid basis of even-handed justice
you will find that writers on political economy
as well as our own sentiments of what is just
and right teach us that a man ought to pay
taxes according to his income and in no other
way. Property is not a proper test of taxes ;
because, as 1 said before, the property of the
poor may be levied upon to make up the defi-
ciency in the property of the rich; unproductive
property that yields no rent and no income
maybe compelled to pay the same rate of tax-
ation as property which yields an annual rental
of from ten to fifteen per cent. But the income
tax levies upon all alike according to their
incomc. It may operate unjustly in some spe-
cial cases; but with a proper exemption and
proper guards there is no injustice in an in-
come tax which does not apply to any other
tax that can be levied in any form whatever.
Mr. President, we mustlook atanotherthing.
We have gone to the extreme tether in the
reduction of taxes. Our people last year
seemed to bo delighted with the idea of pay-
ing off the national debt rapidly, and the
monthly statements of the Secretary of the
Treasury showing that he was paying off from
ten to twelve million dollars a month were
greeted all over this country with applause.
Now the popular feeling is turning the other
way. The people, feeling the natural effect of
the measures which are bringing us to the
specie standard, begin to perceive that- their
incomes are shrinking, and persons not familiar
with all the reasoning caused by financial facts
cannot explain it, and they feel that the times
are getting harder and harder. It is more
difficult with them, with the same labor and the
same produce, to pay the same amount of monev
as before. They begin to feel the pressure".
They therefore commence to say, " Stop pay-
ing the national debt and throw off taxes."
This idea has spread over the country, and the
feeling in Congress is that we must repeal all
the taxes we possibly can.
Well, sir, the^ Committee on Finance, the
Committee of Ways and Means, have gone to
the very tether; they have gone to the last
dollar to satisfy this popular clamor. We now
propose by this bill to repeal $75,000,000 of
taxes. "We propose by the bill now, as the
Committee on Finance propose to amend it. to'
take off $51,9-77,740 internal tax, aud from the
