1882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Dots the
Senator from Massachusetts accept this modi-
fication ?
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to be ungen-
erous or illiberal in this matter. I have entire
confidence that the Secretary will not use more
than is necessary, and I am willing that it
should stand at one half of one per cent. I
believeitcan probably be done for three tenths,
but I think we had better let it stand at one
half of one per cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is not susceptible of
amendment, as the whole bill ss it stands is
itself an amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of coarse I do not press
it if it is out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to make the clause read " one
half of one per cent."
Mr. CASSERLY called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. I voted to retain this once
at one per cent., believing it to be necessary
to give the Secretaiy of the Treasury full
power. As we struck out the provision relat-
ing to bonds made payable abroad I was will-
ing to give bim a little more, so that he could
have sufficient to negotiate this loan abroad or
at home; but as it is stated by the Senator
from Massachusetts that the Secretary believes
one half of one per cent, will be sufficient, I
do not know why we should incur the odium
of providing for its costing one per cent, when
probably one half per cent, will be sufficient.
As I presume the five per cent loan can be
negotiated without any great charge probably,
but simply the cost of preparing the plates,
and a very small commission to our own banks,
I am willing to vote for one half per cent.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Xocre. Bo reman, Buckingham, Casserly,
Cole. Corbet t, Fornr, Fowler, Harlan, Harris, How-
ell, Johnston, McCreery, McDonald. Pratt. Ross,
Sawyer, Schnre, Scott, Sprague, Sumner, Thayer,
Tipton, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Conkling, Drake, Ed-
munds, FentoD, Gilbert, Hamlin, Howard, Kellogg,
Morrill of Yermont, Osborn, Pomeroy. Ramsey,
Revels, Rice, Sherman, Stewart, Warner, Willey, and
William®—20.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Bayard<
Brotvnlow. Cameron, Carpenter. Cattell, Cragin,
Davis. Hamilton, Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Norton, Nye. Patterson, Pool, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Spencer, Stockton. Tbnrman, Trumbull,
Vickers, and Yates—26.
So the amendment of Mr. Wilsos
agreed to..
Mr. STEWART. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. In section nine, line nine, I move to
strike out "eighty" and insert "ninety," so
as to read:
was
That the amount of circulating notes which any
bank mar reeeive fiw the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency under the provicions of section twenty-one of
said act may equal bat not exceed ninety per cent,
of the par value of the bonds deposited, &e.
It seems to me that if this cannot be done
the new banks will have a hard time. The
taxes of the General Government and of the
States are regulated now in reference to six
per cent, bonds, and they are very high in many
cases. That taxation on the national banks
will probably be the same. If these new banks
are to issue only eighty per cent, it will be
difficult to establish them. If you fund green-
backs and the new banks should not be estab-
lished a very violent contraction will be worked.
If greenbacks are to be funded there should
be provision for supplying the place of the
greenbacks by establishing national banks to
issue circulation. It looks to me very doubtful
whether with eighty per cent, of issue the sec-
tion will succeed. It seems to me that ninety
per cent, ought to be well secured, inasmuch
as these bonds are only to be negotiated foi
par in gold. We ought to have that much
laith in the bonds.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest, in reply to the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Nevada,
I that if the new banks find the time too rough
! for them under this provision, they need not
! organize. If they organize at all, evidently
i the time will not be too rough for them.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I inquire of the Senator
from Missouri whether in his remarks he
refers especially to the new coin banks for
Nevada, Oregon, and California, or whether
he speaks of banks generally? We authorized
them on the ground that there were to be six
per cent, bonds deposited for their circulation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope Senators will not
vote without reflection on the idea that this is
simply to allow all banks to issue ninety per
cent, on their bonds. There is a difference in
the class of securities. Each Senator can de-
cide for himself. Eighty per cent, is all that
has ever been claimed for these new banks
organised on four per cent, bonds.
Mr. MORTON. I made a statement awhile
ago that was put down very positively by the
chairman of the committee on the ground that
I was not correct. I do not propose that this
injustice to the new banks shall pass unnoticed,
no matter what action is taken in regard to it.
The new banks under this bill are only to get
eighty per cent., while the old banks after they
have substituted the new bonds still keep their
ninety per cent, of circulation, a difference of
ten per cent, in their favor.
The chairman of the committee said the
reason of it was that the new banks were to
be organised under four per cent, bonds, but
the average of the bonds to be taken under
the eighth section is four and a half per cent.,
and therefore there was a difference of ten
per cent, in their favor. The chairman of the
committee is wrong on that point, as I think
I can show.
The tenth section contemplates the organi-
zation of new banks on certain terms, only by
such persons as will take greenbacks to the
Treasury Department and convert them Into
four per cent, bonds. If I have bonds already
in my possession, four per cent, bonds, four
and a naif or five per cent, bonds, I cannot
take them to the Treasury Department and
organize under the tenth section, because that
only provides for persons who actually take
the greenbacks there. Let me read, to show
that I am not mistaken about that:
That any national bankingassociation to beorgnn-
ised under tho national currency act, and the acts
amendatory thereof, may, upon depositing with the
Treasurer United States notes to an amount not less
than $100,000, Ac.
Therefore, no banks can be organized under
the tenth section except upon the condition
that they take the legal-tender notes to the
Treasury. If I have the bonds already that I
have purchased from others, I cannot organize
under that section, bat I must organize under
some other section or not at all. Where do I
come in ?
Mr. CONKLING. Is not that $100,000
reduced to $50,000 ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; but the principle
is the same. Suppose I Kave $33,000 each of
fives, fours and a half, and fours. I want
to organize a bank. I must do it under the
eighth section, and that section provides—
That on and after the 1st day of Octobcr, 1870,
registered bonds of any denomination not less than
♦1,000. issued under the provisions of this act, and no ,
others, shall be deposited with the Treasurer of the
United States as security issued to national banking
associations for circulation under an act entitled, &o.
Then reciting the first banking act. Banks
may be still established under the old banking
act. We do not repeal that. Banks may be still
established, but they can only be established
by filing the bonds provided for in this act.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator a question. I ask him if the original
national currency act does not limit the circu-
lation to $300,000,000, and if that amount is
not all taken? Now, can any new bank be or-
ganized under that act beyond the $300,000,000
now all taken by the'old banks?
Mr. MORTON. That is very true; bnt
some of those banks are going out and new
banks are being formed from wfeek to week and
almost from day to day under the old banking
act; and then we have passed a bill through the
Senate which may become a law, and I trust it
will, authorizing national bunks to the amount
of $65,000,000 to be established in the North-
west. If that bill passes, those banks cannot
be established under the tenth section of this
bill; then they have got to be established under
the eighth section.
Mr. CONKLING. The report laid oil our
tables to day shows that sixty-two banks are
in voluntary liquidation, in the hands of re-
ceivers, and are doing no business. They are
going to be wound up.
Mr. MORTON. And if the bill we have
passed shall pass the other House there will
be banks to issue $65,000,000 to be organized,
but not under section ten, because that only
provides for organizing banks by parties who
actually take greenbacks, not bonds, to the
Treasury Department. They must be organ-
ized under the eighth section. That part of
the section I have read provides for the new
banks.
Now, I read on and I come to the provis-
ion in regard to the old banks:
And all national banking associations organized
under said aot, or any amendment thereof, are hereby
required to deposit bonds issued under this act, as
security for their circulating notes, within one year
from the date of tho passage of this act.
The new banks to be formed after the 1st
of October must deposit the new bonds; the
old banks already in existence must exchange
within one year from the date of this act. But
now, where comes in the injustice? That the
new banks only gel eighty per cent., and the
old banks keep their ninety per cent. If there
is any justice in that, I cannot see it. If it is
allowed to pass in this form it will be another
element contributing to make this bill unpop-
ular and odious with a large part of the people.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Mis-
souri said that if it was hard for new banks
they need not organize under it. Now, what
are the consequences of their not organizing
uuder it? After you have funded your green-
backs, if new bauks are not established, where
is your circulating medium? Will you not
have contraction until you produce great hard-
ship in the country?
I should like to call the attention of the
chairman of the committee to a provision in
the old law which makes it perfectly safe to
issue the ninety per cent.:
"That whenever the market cash value of any
bonds deposited with the Treasurer of the United
States, as aforesaid, shall be reduced below the
amount of the circulation issued to the same, the
Comptroller of the Currency is hereby authorized to
demand and receive the amount of such deprecia-
tion in other United States bonds."
Placing it within the power of the Comp-
troller to demand further security in case your
bonds fall below ninety. So it is perfectly in
his power to have these banks on an equal
footing so that new banks may be organized.
It seems to me that is the greatest hardship in
the bill, because if the new banks do not go into
operation in consequence of the taxes which
were adjusted to the six per cent, bonds ; if
there are not sufficient inducements for them
to go into operation, and the legal tenders are
funded, it seems to me there will be a conirac-
tion that will produce great distress in the coun-
try. Every facility for the establishment of
new banks should be afforded. You have
reduced them to a four per cent, bond, which
is subject to all the taxation that there is upon
the six per cent, bond, which takes away the
inducement, and now you reduce their circu-
lation to eighty per cent. It seems to me very
doubtful whether nnder that men will estab-
lish banks at all. If they do not, it seems to
me this bill in funding greenbacks will work
great hardship. 1 do not think this will work
any danger, as the Comptroller can call for
further security if there is any need of it.
Mr. WILSON. I think we ought to adopt
the amendment moved by the Senator from
Nevada, or else reduce the old banks to eighty
per cent. Give fair play to both. They wnnt
