1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3771
unanimouslyby Congress? They would be but
mere brutem fulmen. Or shall it be done in
another way? When the Government asks us to
put in their hands an adequate naval force for
the protection of our honor and flag, by voting
down the appropriations asked for ? When they
ask us to give them five thousand barrels of
gunpowder after having shown that they had
but five thousand in arsenals, the capacity of
which is fifty thousand barrels, shall we higgle
with them and cut down the estimate to twenty-
five hnndred barrels? The Department asked
for $400,000 for the ordnance department to
make and handle your ordnance, and you cut
them down to $100,000; and then you com-
plain and carp and cavil at them because they
have employed the money which you put in
their hands to redeem your Navy from utter
rottenness. It may be all very well to abuse the
Secretary of State, and sjjeak of him as sitting
in his office like an old fossil or a dead man,
while you have deprived the Government, of
which he represents but a single Department,
of the means to protect our flag and the honor-
of our country.
Now, I desire as much as any member can
that all proper care shall be taken of our in-
terests everywhere; but I also desire tbat
power shall be given to the Administration to
enable it to do so. I ask that our Navy shall
be put upon something like a proper footing; i
that matter must come before us again. The |
bill which we passed the other day, after cutting i
down the various items of appropriation so i
unequally that they do not fit into each other j
at all and cripple the whole service, that bill I
has gone to the Senate, where I hope it will be j
reformed and made somewhat adequate to the
necessities of the service, and then when the ;
bill comes back to us again the question will :
practically present itself whether we are willing !
to iodge the power in the hands of the Gov-
ernment which may be necessary to protect ;
our flag. j
My blood boils, like that of other gentlemen, :
when I hear such statements as have been read
from the Clerk's desk to-day. But Spain has
in the Cuban waters five ships of war to our
one, five men to our one, and live guns to our
one. What shall we do? Shall we require
our naval commander, with the limited means
at his disposal, to engage in a war with Spain?
Or shall we concentrate our naval forces there
until it shall equal that of Spain, and at the
same time deprive our interests in other parts
of the world of! the protection they should re-
ceive? We have not the means to put in those
waters a naval force that is equal to that of a
fifth-rate Power of Europe. Yet gentlemen
cavil about the Navy, ana talk about the ex-
Eenditure of money upon the Navy; about our
aving seven navy-yards, and all that. Why,
sir, the single navy-yard at Ferrol, of Spain,
would take into it every navy-yard which we
have, and it would scarcely be seen that they
occupied any space in it.
Now, sir, what is the proper course for us
to pursue? We comprise a great country,
with forty million inhabitants, with our national
flag to be protected, with our consuls flying
from Cuba and other places, wherever any
Power may see fit to insult us. AH this is
passing before our eyes day after day; and
we satisfy ourselves with standing here and pro-
el ai in i rig thatthe Governmentought to do some-
thing. Yet we do notgive it the means whereby
it may protect the rights of American citizens.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I do not now desire to take part in any discus-
sion which may touch upou the Cuban question
generally, and our relations to that island ; but
i do desire to call attention to whatappears to
be the character of the person referred to as
the author of the document which has been read
at the Clerk's desk. The late cdhsul of the
United States at Santiago was General William
Steadman, a distinguished citizen of the con-
gressional district which 1 represent, lie died
at his post, after having been on duty only a
few days. The present consul at that place is
also from my congressional district. I have
thus had occasion to learn something about the
consular duties there; and I desire for a moment !
to call attention to what appears to me on the
surface to be the character of this man Phil-
lips, whose paper has been read at the desk.
When General Steadman died, on the Cth
of July, 1869, he was residing in the family of
Mr. Phillips, who sent a very brief letter to the
State Department, stating the fact of General
Steadman's death, and saying that he would
in a few days send on his effects, together with
a fuller account of the circumstances of his ill-
ness and death. More than a dozen letters
have been addressed to him since that time by
the bereaved family and by the friends of the
deceased, yet not one syllable of answer has
been received. No effects have been sent on,
though General Steadman had in his posses-
sion at the time of his death a considerable
sum of money. Not a word on this subject
has been heard from Mr. Phillips to indicate
his purpose or desire to discharge the sacred
trust committed to him or to give any account
of the death of the American officer who died
in his house. The present consul was at San-
tiago some weeks before Mr. Phillips left, but
has pot obtained any intelligence for the fam-
ily of General Steadman. Very recently Phil-
lips fled from Cuba, claiming that his life was
in danger. He went away on a man-of-war,
and by some curious process he got himself
appointed consul at Jamaica in place of an
American consul who had died there. He
obtained his appointment from an American
admiral, who had no power to make such an
appointment, and the appointment was dis-
avowed and revoked by the Secretary of State
as soon as information on the subject was re-
■ ceived. It appears also that Phillips was taken
back to Santiago on an American man-of-war,
where he might stand on his rights as an Amer-
ican citizen, and that when he arrived there he
did not dare to land, as the admiral thought,
because of the debts doe by him, and for which
he was liable to be sued on landing. I am
informed also that Mr. Phillips has lately sent
to the State Department a claim against the
United States of $200,000 damages for having
been overawed, threatened, and endangered by
the authorities, of Cuba. This is the man who
tells us these horrible stories about the state of
affairs in Santiago de Cuba. Moreover, having
had these terrible stories published, I am told
that he has sent to the State Department a
disavowal of their truthfulness, saying that he
wrote them under duress and to save his life;
that they were written to pacify the people
around him.
I have stated what I understand to be facts
that can be verified by anyone who will apply
at the State Department. Now, before I pro-
pose to let my " blood boil," before I propose
to abolish this consulate or to legislate in any
belligerent way, 1 would like to have this per-
son who cares so much for the honor of the
American flag send back the money now in his
hands, and belonging to the bereaved family of
a noble man who was lately consul at Santiago.
I should like to have him send word also about
that man's last sickness—what he said in the
hours of approaching death. I should like to
have some response sent to the inquiries of the
agonized widow, who has been beseeching for
one utterance of her dying husband. But no
answer has come to any such application. Let
this man show some humanity to these people
whom he has so cruelly wronged before he
takes the care of the whole human race, and
specially of all West India consulships on his
hands. He is busy pursuing his $200,000 claim
for his having been troubled in his sovereign
right as an American citizen upon the island of
Cuba. I do not think it right that this House
should go into an agony of indignation over a
man who has behaved as that man has.
[Here the hammer feli.J
Mr. LOGAN. I move to strike out the
paragraph. Mr. Chairman, I did -not expect
to enter into a discussion at this time about
Cuba. So far as this man Phillips is concerned,
I know nothing about him and care nothing
about him, or in reference to anystigma which
may have been attempted to be cast upon him.
I for one denounce no one ; but I do assert the
truth of the fact that American citizens have
been killed. American citizens from our States
have been killed in Cuba, under the orders of
the Spanish Government. This isafact which
no man will undertake to dispute, whether it
may be stated by Mr. Phillips or by anybody else.
There can be no more important question
than the protection of the lives of our citizens
abroad. I hope it will be brought before the
House at the earliest possible day. It is con-
ceded that to-day American citizens are not
safe from outrage and death in the island of
Cuba in sight of the American flag; . No Gov-
ernment has ever yet sat down so quietly as
this Government has when a struggle was
going on on the part of a neighboring people,
fighting bravely for liberty against oppression
and tyranny. We have not in any way as a
nation shown our sympathy for the Cuban
people who have risen in favor of independ-
ence.
I have nought to say against the Secretary
of State. I know nothing about what he has
been doing, except what we have reported
through the newspapers; nor do I care. We,
as the representatives of the American people,
have our own duties to perform. But there is
one thing I can say to my friend from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] when he talks about the
Navy of the country not beiug in condition to
be expected to cope with the great naval foree
which Spain has in the Cuban waters. If it
had not been for the aid of this Government
the naval force of Spain which now surrounds
the island of Cuba would not now be in exist-
ence. This Government permitted those ves-
sels to be constructed by Spain in our own
ports, to be fitted out and manned in our own
ports, to leave our shores fully equipped to go
to Cuba to surround that island, and to smother,
if possible* the revolution of the people of Cuba
against their oppressors. While we granted
this privilege to the Government of Spain, and
to this extent aided it in making war upon the
people of Cuba, this Government has uniformly
and constantly refused to accord the leastpriv-
ilege or assistance to these same people of
Cuba who are so gallantly fighting. for exist-
ence.
It seems that we may pay more deference
to the rights of other Governments than we
demand from other Governments for our own
people. Therefore, in view of the facts we have
in reference to the outrages upon onrown peo-
ple by the Spanish authorities in Cuba, 1 do
insist, in behalf of the constituency which I
represent upon this floor, that this Government
| shall afford ample and prompt protection to all
our citizens wherever they may be. Memorials
i have come np to us on this subject from my
' constituency as well as from others. We have
had memorials from Masonic lodges, a thing
seldom before heard of in this country. These
! men who have been slain, as American citizens,
belong to their order, and they ask that the
Government of the United States shall take
some decisive action in the Cuban matters.
These are some of the reasons why I have
| spoken and said what I have. The constituents
; of other gentlemen have memorialized to the
same effect. They insist we shall not at least
' aid Spain against the struggling Cuban people
| who are fighting for liberty and independence.
1 There is a rumor for which I do not vouch,
but which we all must have heard. What is
! it? It is alleged that this Government is not
indisposed to let the flame of liberty which
has sprung up in Cuba flicker and die out, so
, Prim will be able to make a bargain with the
; Catalan, volunteers who hold Cuba in their
i grasp, by which ultimately the island of Cuba
