1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5659
encourage the building of ships for foreign
trade, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I more that the House take a recess till
four o'clock.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the mo-
tion so as to take a recess for one hour.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Schenck:, there were—ayes 75, noes 53.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment of Mr. Schenck was
agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Dickey, as amended,
was agreed to, there being—ayes 93, noes 30.
So the House (at two o'clock and seventeen
minutes p. m.) took a recess for one hour.
The recess having expired, the House re-
sumed its session.
Mr. BLAIR obtained the floor, and yielded
to Mr. Stiles.
WILLIAM HENRY IIALL.
Mr. STILES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Clerk he directed to pay from
the contingent fund to William Henry Hall, an as-
sistant in the east cloak-room, the compensation of
laborer during the time for which lie has served.
ItKGrSTRY OF FOREIGN-BUILT VESSELS.
Mr. BLAIR. I am directed by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to report the following
resolution:
Jtewlverf, That in the opinion of this House it is
not expedient to farther extend the present session
M i Congress or to take further action at this time
upon the President's message.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am directed by the mi-
nority of the committee to report the bill which
1 send up as a substitute for the report of the
majority. It is a bill authorizing for a lim-
ited time the registration of foreign-built iron
vessels.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas war in Europe, which may greatly affect
the commerce and shipping interests of the United
Fi.ites, appears impending: Therefore,
He it enacted. &a.. That from and after the date of
a pioclamation by thePresident of theUnited States
recognizing the existence of war between the empire
of France and the kingdom of Prussia, or other of
!he great nation#! Powers of Europe, the act entitled
"An act concerning the registering and recording
of >hips or vessels," approved December 31,1792, and
all acts and parts of acts supplementary thereto or
amendatory thereof, besuspended for six months, so
tar as to admit foreign-built iron steamers, of not less
th.in two thousand tons burden, suited_for ocean
navigation, and belonging wholly to a citizen or cit-
izens of the United States, to be registered as if built
within the United States; and the same shall there-
upon be entitled to the benefits granted by any law
of I be United States to ships or vessels built within
tlieUmted States, exccptingthe right to beemployed
in the coasting trade of the United States.
Mr. CONGER. I offer the following as an
ameudment for the substitute.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not yield for any amend-
ment.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the gentleman from
Michigau will allow mine to come in as an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. I must decline to yield, in
obedience to the instructions of the committee.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not desire to detain
the House with any long discussion of the ques-
tion involved in the resolution on behalf of the
majority and the bill on behalf of the minority
of the Committee of Ways and Means; but I
feel it due to the committee to say a word or
two in exposition of the reasons which induced
tin> majority of the committee to make the
report they have.
The proposition involved in the message of
the President of the United States is one most
iMMiortant, involving in itself a great change in
thp policy of the country in regard to the
building and running of ships. Now, sir, that
is h question in which the House has been
engaged during the entire session, and it has
also engaged the attention of the other branch
of Congress. Just at the last moment, when
the session is within an hour of its close, the
question comes back in the message of the
President of the United States. The majority
of the committee hold it would be utterly im-
possible to mature any measure which would
be such as the country would approve in this
short hour ; and we do not think it is advisable
to extend the session for that purpose.
Now, this perhaps is one of the strong rea-
sons which operate upon the majority in mak-
ing the report they have.
There is something in the bill reported by
the honorable chairman of the committee to
which I can give my assent; but, sir, I will
never give my assent to the introduction of
ships free when the materials of which ships
are built are not free. 1 would not favor a
proposition, so far as I am concerned, which
would give us free ships without free materials
at the same time. I will not agree that you
may buy a foreign ship free and yet cannot
build it in the United States with free materials.
I am willing to put them all on an equality on
the ocean; but I am not willing there should
be a discrimination against the American ship-
builder.
The proposition of the minority of the com-
mittee proposes that iron ships of two thousand
tons burden and more may be admitted free,
and that is the whole of it. It proposes that
they maybe admitted free for six months, and
in that time many will be bought and they will
be able to supply themselves for a long period
to come.
And let me ask gentlemen, and that is all
I have to say, what good ground we have in
this hasty way for taking such action as is pro-
posed by the minority? What do we know
about war in Europe? What do we know
about hostilities between France and Ger-
many ? The whole thing may be compro-
mised at this moment. It may not last a week.
I do not believe myself it will continue for
any great length of time.
But what is the authority of the telegrams
we have seen? Whence have they come, and
who is responsible for them? I ask again gen-
tlemen to say how much they know in regard
to the situation of affairs in Europe. And will
you fasten upon us a law here for six months
changing the entire policy of the Government
of the United States in regard to shipping upon
a mere rumor which comes across the wires
that may have been sent by the men who wish
to trade in bonds and securities and having no
foundation?
The President says, indeed, that there is
reason to think that war is impending. There
is, no doubt, reason to think that war is possi-
ble, but there is no ground upon which we can
act. And I submit to the House—and I think
the proposition is a reasonable one—that if
anything of the nature recommended is to be
done we should wait until the exigency arises,
and then, when the President shall call us to
come back here, and when we see the length
and breadth of this thing, and have had time
to look this question all over, we can act with
deliberation upon it rather than take it up in
this hasty way and pass in an hour a bill which
you may repent as long as you live. I shall
not detain the House any longer. I suppose
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means wishes to say something. I yield to
hira, still holding the floor for myself, for the
purpose of moving the previous question.
message from the president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Porter, his Private Secretary,
informed the House that the President had
approved and signed joint resolutions and bills
of the following titles:
A joint resolution (H, R. No. 384) relative
to the pay of the Capitol police and watchmen;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 291) for the
relief of Chief Engineers George T. Sewell and
William H. Shock, of the Navy;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 211) for the
settlement ofthe accounts of Charles C. Upham,
late paymaster in the Navy, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 2248) for the relief of
Charles Steedman, commodore in the United
States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 1781) for the relief of
Francis W. Strong and Thomas Ross ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 123) allowing
late Acting Ensign George M. Smith a share
in certain prizes captured by the United States
steamer Aries;
A bill (H. R. No. 1277) for the relief of
Richard M. Hodgson;
A bill (H. R. No. 520) for the relief of L.
F. Larkin, of Weldon, North Carolina;
A bill (H. R. No. 1544) for the relief of the
widow of James L. Kiernan, late consul to
Chin Kiang, China; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1335). relating to the State
of Georgia.
registry of foreign-built vessels.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee of Ways and Means
in relation to the President's message.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose, on behalf of the minority of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, to attempt any argu-
ment atall, either on the report of the minority
or the report ol the majority. Time does not
permit that. I will simply explain that, m the
last hours of the session, a condition of things
in the world is made apparent to us which did
not exist at any time previously, so as to be
one of the elements to be considered in any
action that might be taken upon the subject
now before us. Many of us, perhaps, would
have voted differently upon the very propo-
sition now submitted by the minority of the
committee if this changed condition of things
had not presented a new view of the matter
before us.
ThePresident calls our attention to the fact
that war in Europe is imminent, is impending,
is perhaps almost certain, if not now actually
waging. In this condition of things there is
not time to take up and consider the various
propositions, involving questions of free trade
and protection, about the materials employed
in ship-building. If we do anything to relieve
American commerce and American shipping
it must be done immediately, and it must be
done with reference to that material which now
exists complete and ready for the purpose of
being adopted, if we are to adopt any of that
material for our use, saving it from being
destroyed between the belligerents, and turning
it to our account and to the benefit of our
people.
The minority of the committee have there-
fore confined themselves, without going into
the reasons which have been hinted at by the
gentleman who represents the majority—have
confined themselves simply to the proposition
to admit for a limited time vessels already
built and ready for use. The majority recom-
mend that we shall adjourn, doing nothing in
this exigency for the reason that the rumors
of war may be all a mistake—for the reason
that we know nothing certain with regard to
the condition of things in Europe. I reply to
that, that we have abundantly guarded against
any possibility of a mistake m our legislation
by the very first words we have used. Inas-
much as it is among the possibilities, though
hot probabilities, that all this prospect of war
may blow over in a few days, or in a few weeks,
and there may be no belligerent Powers pro-
ducing by their contest with each other a con-
dition of things rendering our legislation neces-
sary, we commence our proposition: ''That
from anil after the date of a proclamation by
thePresident ofthe United States, recognizing
