1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4715
tariff about twenty-four million dollars. The
House proposition is about the same. The net
result of the two propositions will not be very
different. Bach House has gone to the ex-
treme tether in repealing taxes to the extent
of $75,000,000. What have we left? We have
now of internal taxes left only the following :
on spirits, which yield us $52,000,000; on
tobacco, $30,000,000; on beer, $8,000,000.
Then we propose to repeal more than one
luilf the income tax, and we still have left
$47,700,000. We propose to retain $15,000,-
000 of the stamp tax, and the gas tax of
$2,000,000, making altogether $125,000,000.
We have still the duties on customs, less the
reduction,s made by the bill. As 1 showed in
the remarks I made the other day, when I had
much more carefully methodized what I had
to say than I have done now, we have gone to
the extreme tether. Our surplus revenue after
paying the one per cent, required by law upon
the public debt will only allow us to reduce
$77,000,000 of lax, and the statement I made
the other day has been substantially, almost in
the same words, corroborated by a statement
made yesterday by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House of
Representatives.
At the very most, after reasonable care in
the reduction of our expenditures, we cannot
expect to have a surplus revenue of more than
$78,000,000 the next year, if we go on and
apply one percent, to the payment of the pub-
lie debt, which we are bound to do under the
stipulation of the law creating that debt; and
we have gone to the extreme, risking a defi-
ciency the first year, in order to meet this
popular clamor, and we darenotgo any further.
Now, the question is whether we shall repeal
what is left of the income tax by this bill, yield-
ing $17,700,000, the only property tax now
levied by the United States of America. _ Sir,
this is a republican Government where, if we
discriminate at all, we ought to discriminate
in favor of the poor, in favor of the great mass
of iho people. ''The greatest good to the
greatest number" has been a favorite theme
of demagogism for a hundred years. Here we
have in New York Mr. Astor, with an income
of millions derived from real estate, accumu-
lated year after year by the mere family pride
of accumulation; and we have alongside of
him a poor man receiving $1,000 a year.
Wlial is the discrimination of our law in that
case? It is altogether against the poor man;
we tax his clothing, we tax his consumption.
By the laws of nature, the laws of heat and
cold, of huuger and thirst, it requires as much
to feed the poor man as it does the rich man.
No more dollars need be drawn from the coffers
of Mr. Astor to supply his natural wants than
are needed to supply the wants of the poorest
laboring man in New York, except as to qual-
ity; and yet all our national taxes are thrown
upon consumption and not upon property. We
tax the tea, the coffee, the sugar, the spices
the poor man uses. We tax every little thing
that is imported fromabroad, together with the
whisky that makes him drunk and the beer that
cheers him and the tobacco that consoles him.
Everything that he consumes we call a luxury
and tax it; and yet we are afraid to touch the
income of Mr. Astor. Is there any justice in
that? Is there any propriety in it? W hy, sir,
the income tax is the only one that tends to
equalize these burdens between the rich and
the poor.
Even in England, which is the representative
of property, where the House of Commons is
composed almost exclusively of wealthy men,
t hey have been compelled by the force of pub-
lic opinion to maintain their income tax year
in and year out sinceSir Robert Peel proposed
to reen.'iet it., and no administration in that
country has been stiong enough to propose to
do what the houoiable Senator from New 1 ork
now proposes to do here—entirely abrogate the
tux on incomes.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator, as he has alluded to me, allow me to ask
him a question ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the English income
tax stand at all, in fact or in principle, upon
the foundation of ours ? Is that not a tax upon
property, which I insist this tax of ours is not
at all ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The income tax of Eng-
land is precisely the tax we have, except that
it is not at the same rate. When Sir Robert
Peel proposed to reenact the income tax in
1842 he put it at the rate of three per cent., pre-
cisely the rate we put it here, with an exemp-
tion of £100; and that tax is upon schedules,
classifying incomes from property, incomes
from professions, incomes frotn salaries, and
all the incomes that are taxed by the law.
Mr. CONKLING. Especially rents of real
estate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not especially. There
was a slight discrimination; but even that has
been condemned, and now the present income
tax law of England scarcely makes any dis-
tinction in the character of incomes. In the
income tax proposed by Sir Robert Peel there
was an attempt to discriminate between in-
comes derived from trades and professions
and income derived from fixed property. But
those discriminations have been gradually aban-
doned, until now there is the same tax on all
incomes.
Mr. CONKLING. But the point I present
is this: the income tax of England includes
and taxes the rents, issues, and profits of real
estate. That part of it is a tax on property.
Mr. MORTON. On whatever the income
comes from.
Mr. CONKLING. But especially including
that for this purpose, whereas the tax under
which this country has been laboring, and which
we have been talking about, does not even by
inclusion tax that at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. That fact which is now
stated by the Senator from New York illus-
trates the happy condition of this country. In
England the great incomes are derived from
real estate. All the land is held by a few
families. Scarcely any man, even among the
wealthy, is a landed proprietor. The incomes
derived from land are therefore mainly enjoyed
by those large families. .In England the Astors,
the Vanderbilts, the Stewarts, instead of own-
ing stocks and bonds of various kinds are real
estate owners, and their income is derived from
real property. Ill our country real estate is
diversified, diffused among millions of propri-
etors ; and therefore it is that by the exemp-
tion of $1,000 alone, and by no other exemp-
tion, the mass of the incomes derived from real
estate are exempt from taxation. Not only is
the income derived from real estate diffused,
but the real estate itself is owned by a mass of
men. 1 believe we have about eight million
proprietors of real estate in this country.
There is the difference. It is true the income
returns of England show, I think, that about
sixty per cent, of the income tax is paid by
persons deriving their income from the pro-
ceeds of real estate ; but that is only because
the mass of the property of England is held by
those who hold it in perpetuity, to maintain
and sustain family influence, while in this coun-
try our incomes are diffused and ttie exemp-
tion allowed by law to all exempts the great
body of the farmers of the country from tax.
But, Mr. President, that is no reason why
those who enjoy income derived from other
sources should be exempt. Perhaps it may
be that the exemptions provided by the present
income tax law are not carefully guarded, and
I think in some respects they might be im-
proved. I think many persons are allowed to
escape payment of the income tax who oug.it
to pay it; but if we have not been stringent
enough in this respect let us amend the law so
as to make it so ; but that has rather oeen Lie
result of an attempt to avoid the objections
that have been made to the income tax on
account of its being invidious.
Now, to come to the question, and the only
question in this case, I do not want to levy this
income tax; I do not want to renew it; it is
about "the only tax that affects me personally ; j
I do not care to renew it; I prefer not to do it;
but if you now repeal the tax on incomes you \
have to continue the taxes on the consump- '
tion of the poor. You have now the choice
between levying a little bit of a tax on prop-
erty, which, after all, will only yield us about
six per cent, of our annual revenue, atid piling
the whole of this taxation, with its accumula-
tions of the past, upon consumption, and not
upon property. That is the sole question.
It is sometimes said that we are pledged not
to renew this tax. That argument has not
been made here unless it has been thrown out
casually by the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. Mr. President, there is no such
pledge either in law or in fact. The debates
of Congress will show that at the time the
limitation was put in the income tax bill con-
fining it to 1870, it was put in, not for the
purpose of binding Congress against the re-
enactment of the income tax, but rather as an
indication of'opinion thatwc should levy it for
that time. It was a guarantee to the bond-
holders that for that time at least they should
have the security of the income tax. When it
was first proposed to levy the income tax, when
we were doing everything we could to assure
those from whom we wanted to borrow money
that we should establish a permanent revenue
from which we could pay them the interest of
the sums of money we borrowed, in order to
show them that we were in earnest, we passed
a law which did pledge the faith of the Gov-
ernment, in a certain measure, to continue the
tax until that time, and no longer. I ask any
Senator whether any such provision amounts
to a stipulation, either in honor or in law, that
we shall not renew the income tax?
I might go through the statute-books of this
country and England, and show that stipula-
tions of this kind have been made over and
over again. In the famous compromise act
of 1833, reported by Mr. Clay, and adopted in
the midst of great political excitement, there
was a kind of pledge held out. The law pro-
vided that the duties on imports should be an-
nually reduced ten per cent, until in 1842 they
were to be reduced to twenty per cent, ad
valorem, and there is a stipulation that in 18-42
no higher rates of duties should be levied under
your tariff laws. Was that binding upon the
people in 1842? It was found, on the other
hand, that the effect ol" that compromise meas-
ure was gradually to break down the manufac-
turing industry of the country and paralyze the
business of the country. I was too young then
to know much about it; but I remember the
general story of hard times which then pre-
vailed. Wati that stipulation binding in 18-12
so us to prevent Congress in that year from
passing another tariff act? Not at all. lhc
tariff act of 1842 was passed, to take effect at
the very time when the compromise measure
ceased. So in England. We followed the
ordinary practice in England, where they levy
an income tax sometimes for three years,
sometimes for five years, sometimes from year
to year; and in that way the income tax has
been continued there, never in the nature of a
permanent tax, but yet continued from year
to vear. ,
Take a case which I will put. Suppose you levy
a duty of fifty per cent, upon a certain branch
of manufactured goods imported for the pur- ,
pose of encouraging our industry,and also lor
the purpose of deriving revenue. Our own
citizens engaged in the manufacture of this
particular product go on and invest their cap-
ital in it. Arc we bound, because we have
once levied a duty, to induce them to go into
this business to retain that duty > On the con-
