1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1883
banks in the West and South, and in the newer
sections of the country, and I think we ought
to put these banks on a ground of equality, and
we can meet it better and stand better by it
with the system before the country. I certainly
want to encourage every one of these banks
wherever they are needed, and give them a fair
chance everywhere.
Mr. CORBETT. I was under the same
impression that the Senator from Indiana is in
regard to this act, but as I understand the pro-
visions of it, the banks organizing under the
eighth section must pay gold for their four
and a half and five per cent, bonds. Now the
banks organized under the tenth section can
organize under legal tenders which they pre-
sent at the Treasury, and they are not required
to pay gold for their bonds at all; but for their
legal tenders they get four per cent, bonds,
under which they bank and on which they re-
ceive eighty per cent, in currency. The circu-
lation of one class of banks is secured by four
percent, bonds for which they pay legal tenders,
while that of the others is based upon the four
and a half and five per cent, bonds which they
have to pay gold for. That is the difference,
as I understand, between the two propositions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. MORTON and Mr. STEWART called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the yeas and nays are
ordered, and the Senate seems disposed to
enter into debate again, I feel that it is just to
this subject that it should be understood. The
old banks are now in possession of the right
to issue ninety per cent, of the amount of their
gold-bearing bonds. They cannot deposit as
security for their notes any other than gold-
bearing bonds which cost them gold, or bonds
which can be sold only for gold, under the first
and second sections of this act. Now we are
about to organize new banks with largely in-
creased facilities, without any limit as to the
amount of circulation, and we authorize them
to bank upon bonds that cost them greenbacks
which are now ten per cent, below par in gold,
and you propose upon that to authorize them
to issue ninety per cent, of the amount of their
bonds. It seems to me that the idea which
has always been preserved is that the bonds
filed with us should be an ample security under
all possible contingencies for the issues of the
banks. ,
Now, thereis an intrinsic difference between
the value of four per cent, bonds bought in cur-
rency and the value of gold bonds which can
only be sold for gold. If the Senate think that
a four per cent, bond is sufficient security,
under all possible circumstances, in the Uni-
ted States for an amount of issue over eighty
per cent., they ought to adopt the amendment.
When this matter was under consideration
in committee no one pretended that more than
eighty per cent, should be issued, and in the
bill we passed referred to by the Senator from
'Indiana we required by general consent that
banks organized under it should only have
eighty per cent, of the amount of their bonds.
I think, therefore, the bill as it stands now is
a conservative protection to the United States
upon its guarantee for these notes; and I think
we ought to maintain that, and not at this late
hour, and when we are pretty much exhausted
and tired ont, adopt an amendment to impair
the sufficiency of the security for these circu-
lating notes.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to call attention,
not that it is material, to the idea now devel-
oped by the chairman of the committee that
there are to be 110 new banks formed under
this bill except by the funding of legal-tender
notes under the tenth section.
Mr. SHERMAN. Clearly so.
Mr. MORTON. Therefore there are to be
no new banks formed except by funding Uni-
ted States notes. Men may own the bonds
prescribed by the eighth section, but they
cannot go and bank on them ; they must get
greenbacks and deposit them and get their
bonds upon them, so that the establishment of
new banks must be for the purpose of taking
up the legal-tender notes ana putting them out
of circulation. I may have $100,000 in the
bonds provided for in the first section that I
have paid coin for, but under this bill I cannot
bank on them. The only way I can bank is
by taking greenbacks; and every new bank
starting must take greenbacks, the object of
which is to drive the greenbacks out of circu-
lation and put national bank notes in their
place and increase the interest-bearing debt;
and new banks can only be established, accord-
ing to the declaration of the Senator now, by
increasing the interest-bearing debt to that
amount or by funding the legal-tender notes.
It is a new development.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator and I under-
stand each other perfectly. If he wants, in
addition to authorizing banking on four per
cent, bonds, to add the privilege of filing as
security for these new circulating notes the
other classes of bonds provided in this bill,
there is no objection, can be none, and will be
none. If the Senator wishes an amendment
of that kind I shall not object.
Mr. MORTON. I am not asking amend-
ments ; I am taking the bill as it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is sufficient to say that
when we offer the right to bank on four per
cent, bonds, the banks will not probably file a
costlier bond. We are all tired and worn out,
and I trust, therefore, this new question will
not be opened.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Cole, Fen ton, Fowler,
Morton, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Boss, Scott, Sprague,
Stewart, and Warner—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Casserly, Chandler, ,
Conkling, Corbett, Drake, Edmunds. Ferry, Hamlin, !
Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg,
McCreery, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, ■
Pratt, Revels, Rice, Sawyer, Schurz. Sherman, Spen-
cer, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Willey, and Wil- !
liams—31. , :
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard,
Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell. Cracin,
Davis, Gilbert, Hamilton. Howe, Lewis,-Morrill of
Maine, Norton, Nye, Patterson. Pool, Robertson,
Salisbury, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers,
Wilson, and Yates—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I now move to strike out
the tenth section. I do not expect the motion
to be adopted, but I desire it to be placed on
record. That section proposes to fund the
greenbacks into an interest-bearing bond. I
move to strike it out.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Cole, Fowler, Howell,
Johnston, McCreery, Morton, Ramsey, Revels, Rice,
Ross, and Sprague—12. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry,
Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill
of Vermont, Osborn. Pomeroy, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott,
Sherman. Spencer. Stewart, Snmner,Thayer, Upton,
Warner. Willey. Williams, and W ilson—29.
ABSENT —Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard,
Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly. Cattell,
Cragin, Davis, Gilbert, Hamilton, Howard, Howe,
Lewis. Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye, Patterson,
Pool, Pratt, Robertson, Saulsbnry, Stockton, ihur-
man, Trumbull, Vickers, and Yates—28.
, So the motion to strike out did not prevail.
Mr. CORBETT. I will offer the amend-
ment I indicated to the eighth section, so as
to leave to the national banks the option of
purchasing new bonds, like individuals, and
depositing them for their circulation. That
will be better for the Government, and it will
prevent the throwing upon the market of
$300,000,000 of bonds now held by the banks.
I simply ask a vote upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg the Senator not to
renew this. It has been twice voted on.
Mr. CORBETT. This proposition has not
been voted down, I state to the Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has the
physical ability to keep us here all night in
this way. I feel myself entirely exhausted
and almost bound to leave the Senate. I
know it is the identical proposition which has
been twice voted on, and I hope it will not be
r6p6ftt6(l
Mr. CORBETT. This amendment has not
been voted on.
Mr. SHERMAN. The substance of it has.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon moves to amend the eighth section.
The amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is in line five, to strike
out''andno others shall," and insert "may."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CORBETT. As the Senate refused to
insert that, of course the rest of the amend-
ments I proposed to offer to that section fall.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance as amended by the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was concurred in, being to strike
out all of the original bill after the enacting
clause and insert:
That for the purpose of funding the debt of the
United States and reducing the interest thereon, tho
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to issue on the credit of the United States
coupon or registered bonds of such denominations,
not less than fifty dollars, as he may think proper, to
an amount not exceeding $400,000,000, redeemable in
coin at the pleasure of the United States at any timo
after ten years, and payable in coin at forty years
from date, and bearing interest at the rate of not
exceeding five per cent, per annum, payable semi-
annually in coin; and the bonds thus authorized
may be disposed of at the discretion of the Secretary,
under such regulations as he shall prescribe, either
in the United States or elsewhere, at not less than
their par value for coin; or they may be exchanged
for any of the outstanding bonds of an equal aggre-
gate par value heretofore issued and known as the
five-twenty bonds, and for no other purpose; and
the proceeds of so much thereof as may be disposed
of for coin shall be plaoed in the Treasury to be used
for the redemption of such six per cent, bonds at par
as may not be offered in exchange, or to replace such
amount of coin as may have been used for that pur-
1 pose.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, aathorized
to issue on the credit of the United States, coupon
or registered bonds to the amount of $400,000,000 of
such denominations, not less than fifty dollars, as ho
may think proper, redeemable in coin at the pleas-
ure of the United States at any time after fifteen
years, and payable in coin at forty years from date,
and bearing interest not exceeding four and one
half per cent, per annum, payable semi-annually in
coin; and the bonds authorized by this section may
be disposed of under such regulations as the secre-
tary shall prescribe in the United States or elsewhere,
at not less than par for coin; or they may be ex-
changed at par for any of the outstanding obligations
of the Government bearing a higher rate of interest
in coin; and the proceeds of such bonds as may bo
sold for coin shall be deposited in the Treasury, to
be used for the redemption of such obligations bear-
ing interest in coin as by the terms of issue are or
may become redeemable or payable, or to replace
such coin as may have been used for that purpose.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized
to issue, on the credit of the United States, from
time to time, coupon or registered bonds of such
denominations, not less than fifty dollars, as he may
think proper, to the amount of $400,000,000, redeem-
able in coin at the pleasure of the United _State3 at
any time after twenty years, and payable in coin at
forty years from date, and bearing interest at the
rate of four per cent, per annum, payable semi-
annually in coin; and such bonds may be disposed
of, either in the United States or elsewhere, at not
less than their par value, for coin, dr at the-discre-
tion of the Secretary, for United States notes; or
may b6 exchanged at not less than par for any of
the obligations of the United States outstanding at
the date of the issue of such bonds. And if in the
opinion of the Secretary ofthe Treasury itisthought
advisable to issue a larger amount of four per cent.;
bonds for any of the purposes herein or hereinafter
recited than would be otherwise authorized by this
section of this act, such further issues are hereby
authorized: Provided, Thatthereshallbeno increase
in the aggregate debt of the United States in conse-
quence of any issues authorized by this act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the bonds
authorized by this act, and the annual interest
thereon, shall be exempt from all taxation by or
under national. State, municipal, or local authority.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
Appoint such agents in the United States and in m*
rope as he tnay deem necessary to aid in the negotia-
