1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
embraced by the third clause of the fourteenth
amendment. Then comes the provision in
regard to the convention. Who were entitled
to take seats in the convention ? Everybody
except those persons who were expressly dis-
qualified by the fourteenth amendment. Now,
l.ask the Senator if it was reasonable to sup-
pose that Congress in passing these acts would
authorize rebels to take part in the convention
to frame the constitutions and afterward refuse
to allow them to go into the Legislatures cre-
ated under those constitutions? That was not
the purpose. Rebels, unless embraced within
the fourteenth article, were competent to frame
the constitution and competent to go into the
'Legislature in any of these States.
Then you come to the act of 1868, admitting
certain States, and that declares that the disqual-
ifications of the fourteenth amendment shall be
applied to all officers elected in those States.
The whole philosophy of the reconstruction
measures is against the application of the test-
oath to members of the Legislature, and there
is no provision which can be found in contra-
diction to that philosophy. If, -then, we are
.now to require that oath to be applied to mem-
bers of the Legislature of Virginia the effect
would be to disqualify men from taking their
seats who were qualified by the law at the time
of their election. We cannot do that without
a breach of faith, and we cannot afford to com-
mit a breach of faith. If we shall go back
on the terms we have offered the people of
Virginia they will say Congress is false. The
rebels bave been trying to prove that, and they
have made a great many people believe it; but
if we were now to go back and require the test-
oath when it was not required by law at the
time we authorized the election to be held we
should be guilty of bad faith and we should do
the cause of the Union an irreparable damage.
The Government must keep faith with every-
body, even with rebels. If it has said to them,
" You may elect rebels not embraced in the
fourteenth amendment to the Legislature," it
must stand by it. Itdid say it in the beginning,
and it must say it in the end. Sir, if there be
any question about this whole business that is
Eerfectly clear it is that the members of the
legislature are not required to take the oath
of 1862. They can be required to take an oath
that they are not embraced in the fourteenth
amendment, because the disability of the four-
teenth amendment runs through all the recon-
struction acts from beginning to end, and it is
the only disability that does. It is the one that
we ought now to enforce by a penal statute.
It is the vital disability, and you cannot now
create a new one without impairing that just
confidencein theCongress of the United States
which the people of this country ought to enter-
tain.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator to yield
the floor to me for two or three minutes.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. Before this discussion on
the test-oath closes, I wish to say that I have
listened now with all that respect which every-
thing that the Senator from Indiana says com-
mands, both from me and from all the rest of
the Senate, to his present statement; and may
I say to him most sincerely, most respectfully,
most kindly, that it is to me thoroughly unsat-
isfactory? The Senatordoesnotmeetthecase.
The Senator does not take into consideratioo
ths strength and fullness and explicitness of
the requirement in the very text of the statute.
He goes outside of that statute in order to find
its meaning. Sir, I do not go outside ; 1* go to
the language of the statute; and then 1 go to
the language of other statutes on the same
subject-matter. I insist that they shall all be
construed together, and so construed that all
shall be reasonable. My friend will allow me
to say that his interpretation makes them
unreasonable.
He has to insist that the terms "under any
so-colled Stale or municipal authority" mean
an authority created by President Johnson.
How does he get that interpretation? By
traveling out of the statute. Why, sir, the lan-
guage is explicit; it is " under any so-called
State or municipal authority." Now go to the
first reconstruction act and you have the defini-
tion supplied. I do not supply it; it 'isnotl
that make it; I simply call attention to it. The
Congress of the United States has made it, and
there it is; you cannot set it aside. By that
act it is expressly declared that "any- civil
government which may exist" in the rebel
States " shall be deemed provisional only, and
in all respects subject to the paramount author-
ity of the United States." Being provisional,
it is not, in the common sense of the term, a
State authority. Am I not right, sir? Is that
not clear? Is there any Senator that doubts j
it? Being provisional, it is not, in the ordi- j
nary sense of the term, "State authority." j
What is the natural designation of it ? Why, j
the very designation supplied by the statute— i
" so-called State authority." Every State gov-
ernment which is " provisional only" is a " so-
called State authority," and therefore, under
the positive requirement of the statute, are you
obliged to administer the test-oath. Sir, I do j
not say this; it is no invention, no idea of
mine. There it is, written down in the statute
in black and white ; you cannot disregard it.
I proceeded further to show how reason was
in harmony with this interpretation, how other
rules of interpretation stepped in with their
commanding voice. The Senator falls back
simply upon an assertion of fact outside of the
statute, that certain Legislatures created by
Andrew Johnson were under " so-called State
authority." True he is perfectly correct in
that statement of fact: but to that I supply an
addition, that every .provisional government
was and is a "so-called State authority." You
cannot break away from that interpretation
without trampling down the most authoritative
rules of interpretation and without breaking
away from the declared objects of the recon-
struction acts.
And now, sir, that I may show that in this I
am no beginner, that others have seen this in
the same light that I do, I send to the desk and
ask to have read a letter from a gentleman who
is no longer among us, who expressed by his
living voice hi3 opinions on this question; a
Virginian, loyal throughout the war, once a
well-known member of the other House, and
who until his death took a very active interest
in all measures of reconstruction, a loyalist,
and if not a statesman a good politician—John
Minor Botts. I send his letter to the Chair,
and ask to have it read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that paper is read
I give notice now, as this debate must termin-
ate at some time, that I shall ask the enforce-
ment of the fourth rule of the Senate strictly
against everybody.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is that rule ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That no person shall
speak more than twice in one debate.
Mr. SUMNER. " On the same question."
Mr. SHERMAN. No, the rule was changed
to avoid that difficulty. No Senator is to speak
more than twice in any one debate on the same
day. The rule was changed last year for the
purpose of avoiding this continual iteration and
reiteration. I therefore ask the Chair, in the
discharge of his duty, without imposing it upon
any Senator to call gentlemen to order, to en-
force this rule.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator, 1
suppose, will be content to have the rule en-,
j forced against himself when we bave financial
| bills up.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am perfectly willing to
| have it enforced against myself on all occa-
sions. The rule is of no account unless it is
enforced, and I think we have seen enough to
show the necessity of its enforcement in this
case.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the reading of
the letter which I have sent to the desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read
if there be.no objection.
Mr. STEWART. I object to the reading
of the document.
•Mr. SUMNER. I have sent it to the Chair,
and I ask to have it read as part of my remarks.
It is not a petition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made to the reading of the paper, it most be
decided by the Senate without debate.
Mr. SUMNER. Then send it to' me and I
will read it myself.
. Mr. STEWART. I withdraw the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection is
withdrawn, and the paper will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Brandy Station, December 8,1867.
Gentlemen: Several of you are unknown to me
personally, but I am not unacquainted with the
position each one of you occupies in the ranks of the
Republican party, and I take the liberty of address-
ing you on a subject of much more importance than
is generally attached to it by those who have not
viewed it in all its aspects. We are all embarked in
the same bottom, and as members of the Union Re-
publican party we must stand or fall together; there-
fore I feel justified in addressing you this letter.
The subject to which I refer is the test-oath to be
administered to the members of your body, as pre-
scribed by the act of July last.
Under a decision of General Sohofield a consider-
able number of wily foes Have crept into your body
in violation of every rule of interpretation that has
heretofore prevailed, as far as I know or-Jbelieve, in
reference to the term "office" or " officerdor have
I met with a solitary individual outside of the Dem-
ocratic party who gives to these terms the construc-
tion given by the military commanderof this district;
and in saying this I include the Chief Justice of the
United States, the chief justice of the District of
Columbia, and every member of Congress with whom
I have conversed.
A simple statement of the case as it now stands
seems to me to be sufficient to satisfy all reasoning
men.
In all the acts of reconstruction passed by Con-
gress, and it has all been done in a very hurried and
slovenly manner, there was prior to the extra session
in July last no qualification or test-oath prescribed
for those who may serve as delegates to the conven-
tion, while astringent test-oath'was prescribed for
the voter, which involved the absurd anomaly and
inconsistency of imposing a restriction upon voting,
and of saying to those who were disfranchised, "Al-
though you have committed an offense for which
you shall bo deprived of the privilege of voting, yet
you may exercise the still higher privilege of per-
forming the highest political functions of the State
by representing in convention those who do vote,
and of making a constitution which you cannot
yourselves either vote for or against at the polls."
During the extra session of July, 1867,1 myself called
the attention of many members of Congress to this
strange condition of things, and in the supplement-
ary act of that date the following section was in-
scrtod *
"That all persons hereafter elected pr appointed
to office in said military district under any so-called
State or municipal authority, 01* by detail or appoint-
ment of the district commander, shall be required
to take and subscribe the oath of office prescribed
by law for officers of the United States."
The last clause of the act reads as follows:
" That all the provisions of this act and the acts^ to
which, this is supplementary shall be construed lib-
erally, to the end that all the intents thereof may be
fully and perfectly carried out."
This clause was designed to cover any defective
language that the law might contain, and requires a
construction that will carry out the spirit and pur-
pose of all the reconstruction acts.
Subsequentto the passage of this act General Scho-
field, in reply to a letter from Mr. McDonald, editor
of the Whig, stated that no oath was required by
Congress for a delegate to the convention, and that
there was no other power that could prescribe one:
by which it appeared to me that he had fallen into
a strange and fatal error, or that he had wholly
overlooked the ninth section of that law.
I was then at the White Sulphur Springs, and im-
mediately wrote to General Schofield a very respect-
ful letter remonstrating against his interpretation
of the law. (He, I believe, referred my letter to
General Grant.) I at once wrote to General Grant,
who :was decidedly of opinion that no one could
j representwho wasnot registered as a voter; butthis
1 was by implication only, and notby express provision
' of law. The legal question of what constituted an
! officer he would not undertake to decide.
I But upon the publication of General ochonela *
: letter at once a swarm of rebels and rebel sympa-
; thizers, always ready to clutch at every office to oc
filled, threw themselves before tho people as smtapie
I persons for tho convention to make a
1 for us, the loyal people of the State, and the result is,
! before you. You havenowsome thirty-five, or more
S than one third of your body, composed of such per-
I sons . *. * * and all of whom wiH proba-
! bly participate in the convention called for tne lltn
i of this month to organize the State, for the purpose
I of defeating any constitution that may be adopted by
^ your body, and "who, perhaps, will throw every im-
