1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2827
together in statutes tlie titles of which not only
afford no clue to the contents, but rather tend
to mislead as to the contents. In that point
of view, also, I suggest that this amendment
ought not now to be adopted. If the motion
be in order, 1 shall ask leave to move to lay
this amendment on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
in order, but the effect of it, if carried, would
be to carry the bill with it.
Mr. CASSERLY. If this amendment is to
be passed in this way I should not care if it
did carry the bill with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
which the Senator from Missouri accepted in
lieu of his amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely rose to have that
explained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
as modified by him and accepted by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, leaving out the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, (having first
voted in the affirmative.) I vote "nay." I
notice in the last line of the amendment some
words that I supposed were stricken out.
'Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that that last
section is not in at all, but only the first sec-
tion.
The result was announced—yeas 32, nays
26 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Chandler, Drake,
Fenton, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harlan, Harris, Howard, McDonald, Morton, Nyo,
Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels,
Rice, Robertson, Scott,Sherman, Spencer, Stewart,
Sumner. Thayer, Warner, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Boreman, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Casserly, Cole, Corbett, Davis, Edmunds,
Ferry, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Howe, How-
ell. McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Pomeroy, Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Stockton, Thur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull, and Willey—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brov/nlow, Cameron,
Cattell, Conkling, Cragin, Gilbert, Johnston, Kel-
logg. Lewis, Norton, bchurz, Sprague, and Vick-
ers—-14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs now on the amendment of the Senator
from Kansas to insert the preamble which will
be found in the printed amendment offered by
him. The Secretary will report the proposed
preamble.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert the following in lieu of the pre-
amble of the House bill:
Whereas great irregularities have been practiced
in the organization of the Legislature in the State
of Georgia, both in its first organization and in the
expulsion of certain members, as well also as in its
reorganization since the act of December last:
Therefore.
The amended preamble was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. POMEROY. The question being now
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, I wish to concur, with
an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There were three
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to concur, with an
amendment. The bill as it now stands allows
but one day for the election. On consulting
with Senators from the South I find that they
think it will need more than one day ; so, after
the word " State,"• in the third line of the sec-
ond section, I propose to insert the word "com-
mencing, " and after " 1870" to insert "and
continuing as the President shall designate."
That will fix the day on which the election
shall commence, and allow it to continue one
day, two days, or three days, as the President
shall direct.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are three
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole. The first is that incorporated in the
bill on motion of the Senator from Kansas, and
he now moves to amend that amendment in
the way suggested by him.
The amendment to the amendment was con-
curred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on concurring in the amendment made
as m Committee of the Whole, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment is that offered by the Senator from Ohio
and accepted by the Senator from Missouri,
which has just been voted upon by the yeas
and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that I desire to say
that on a more careful inspection of it I think
it authorizes the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpxis, The amendment reads:
That the President is authorized to employ the
military force of the United States and any portion
of the militia of any State he may deem necessary,
and to cxerciso all such powers and inflict such pun-
ishment as may by the laws or tho rules and ai tides
of war bo exercised or inflioted in case of insurrec-
tion or invasion.
Now, iti case of invasion the writ of the
habeas corpus may be suspended by the Con-
stitution, and this provision authorizes thePres-
ident to exercise all powers that he could exer-
cise in case of an invasion, and under that I
think the power will be claimed to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus. I do not think the Sen-
ator from Ohio means that.
Mr. SHERMAN. My meaning is that when
the President goes down there with tho Army
of the United States and Ihe militia to sup-
press Kuklux violence-he can exercise the full
powers he could exercise against the worst ene-
mies who could ever invade our soil.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
Ohio mean that, he shall have authority to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the Presi-
dent has power to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus except by express provision of law ;
and there is nothing in the rules and articles
of war authorizing it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But in case of invasion
that right is claimed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know it is claimed, but
it has always been denied, and I do not believe
it exists except by authority of Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend this
particular amendment, to conform to what my
friend from Ohio has just suggested, by adding
the words, " but this provision shall not au-
thorize the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus.'' That will make it so that there will
be no dispute about it.
TheVJCE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. It is not perfectly cer-
tain whether the President on such occasions
has authority to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus. It has been asserted that he has it by
a great many of the best minds of the country,
and by as many, perhaps, that he has it not
under the Constitution. I should prefer to
leave that question just as it is under the
Constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We do not settle it; we
only say this act shall not do it. That is all.
Mr-. HOWARD. The amendment of the
Senator from Vermont amounts to a prohi-
bition upon the President to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus. I prefer to give him that
right if he sees fit to use it, and if he thinks
that the occasion is such as would justify him
in doing so. I believe that in cases of war or
insurrection he has the right, as Commander-
in-Chief of the Army, to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus; but I know 1 differ from others
in that respect.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I take leave
to make in a few words one single remark
about the amendment proposed by" the Sena-
tor from Vermont; and that is, that it pro-
claims immunity to every Kuklux in the south-
ern States from any action of the Govern-
ment ; for the very moment that a man is
arrested by the military authorities sent there
by the General Government he sues out a writ
of habeas corpus from one of the local judges
there and is taken out of the possession of the
Government. Sir, if you wish to proclaim to
the Kuklux throughout the whole southern
States that the Congress of the United States
approve their acts, then put in the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, there are
two ways of fighting the Kuklux. One is to
fight them outside of the law, on principles of
self-defense and retaliation under organized
leaders. The law does not touch that. It is
a technical violation of law in a certain sense,
probably, but it may be done in extreme cases.
Another way is to fight them under the law
passed by a law-making power under the Con-
stitution. This is the method proposed now—
to do it under the law. If you do it under the
law you must do it in conformity to the highest
law, the written law of the land, the Constitu-
tion ; and the Constitution certainly says that
the writ of habeas corpus shall not be sus-
pended, whether by Congress or the President,
except in cases of rebellion and invasion. It
is not in cases which you may choose to treat
in the same way that you would treat rebellion
or an invasion, but it must be rebellion or
invasion. Now, the Senator from Missouri, if
it was earlier in the day, would not pretend 
Mr. SUMNER. How much earlier would
you have it? [One o'clock and forty minutes
a. m,]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would have it about an
hour or two earlier, with the permission of the
Senator from Massachusetts ; and but for him I
think we should have it an hour or two earlier.
The Senator from Missouri would not probably
pretend that this midnight assassination by
people who appear at midnight at a man's
house and slay him, and disappear in the morn-
ing, is either rebellion or invasion in a just or
legal sense of the term. Therefore, as we are
acting under the Constitution and making a
law, we are bound to conform to it. That is
the reason for my making this motion to pro-
vide that this shall not be construed as author-
izing the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus.
Mr. STEWART. I differ most essentially
from the Senatorfrom Vermontin hisdefinition
of rebellion. I think an organized band of men,
extending through many States, consisting of
many thousands, and operating in the night to
kill people, and disappearing in the day-time,
is not only rebellion, but it is the most odious
form of rebellion, cowardly rebellion. Jt is
rebellion against the law. It is the most cow-
ardly, obnoxious form that I can conceive of.
The most horrid rebellion is an organization,
as this is alleged to be, consisting of many
thousands bound together by solemn oaths to
execute vengeance upon unoffending people
in the night-time in disregard of all law ; and
I think if they pervaded the country where
the Senator resides, and he was subject to be
taken off in that way at any time, he would
think it was a pretty strong case of rebellion.
Its effects in subverting law and destroying life
are quite as effective as open rebellion, and
much more cowardly. Your Constitution can-
not be evaded by organizing for the purpose of
assassination at night and being sufficiently
strong to resist the civil law in the day-time. I
do not believe rebellion can subvert and defy
your laws, and accomplish its bloody purposes
with impunity, and without meeting in manly
fight, in this way, with perfect impunity from
punishment. I say if the rebellion is of that
