2828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
chars,cter it is not only rebellion, but it is the
most odious character of rebellion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. In all this debate one
fact seems to be lost sight of, and that is that
it has long ago been decided that a State can
declare martial law, and of course can suspend
the writ of habeas corpus within that State.
Mr. ABBOTT. It the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him, I will just say that in the
North Carolina constitution power to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus is denied to the State;
the writ cannot be suspended by the State in
any event; and on my motion an amendment
was made to the constitution not prohibiting
it from being suspended by the United States.
Mr. THURMAN. That, then, is the only
State I suppose there is in the United States
where it cannot be suspended by the State.
That was the very question in Luther vs. Bor-
den. There Luther was arrested without any
writ or process, and the defense was that mar-
tial law had been declared by the State of
Khode Island, and consequently the writ of
habeas corpus was suspended, and therefore
he could not be relieved from his imprison-
ment; and both the supreme court of Rhode
Island and the Supreme Court of the United
States justified the act upon the ground that
the State had that power. If that be so, if
there be any necessity for suspending the writ
of habeas corpus in any particular part of the
.southern States, those States can judge of it
for themselves.
Mr. ABBOTT. It is a little late, but I want
to say a word about this matter. Some of us
have made an honest attempt to get some legis-
lation that will preserve the public peace and
order in the southern States. The Senator
from Vermont and some others seem to have
scruples in regard to the matter, and are
engineering in all sorts of ways to prevent it.
I have not heard what the Senator from Ver-
ment has to propose in order to preserve the
peace. Ho has in fact proposed nothing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will pardon
me 
Mr. ABBOTT. In a moment. If I could
see any better way to secure inevitably peace
I should be willing to vote for it. I do not
want to violate the Constitution any more than
these scrupulous gentlemen on the other side ;
but we want something, and I think that it is the
duty of the Government of (he United States
to take measures to protect the lives and
property of its citizens, which are now being
destroyed, notwithstanding what is said here,
and notwithstanding the sneers that have been
made to-night in this debate in regard to the
state of affairs in the South. Now, if Sen-
ators will come forward and present anything
that is any better than this, or as good as this,
within the limits of the Constitution, according
to their ideas, all right; I am willing to accept
it for one, and I presume the rest are, and let
us not delay about this matter any longer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall be pardoned for i
saying a word in reply to the Senator from
North Carolina, because he knows perfectly
well that I have the same desire he has to ac-
complish the end. I understand the law to be
perfectly clear; it never was questioned by any
court or any lawyer that I ever heard of, that
every one of these States can suspend the
habeas corpus within their limits any time they
think the public safety requires it, under their
own constitutions.
Mr. ABBOTT. The State of North Caro-
lina cannot, because it is prohibited by its con-
stitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I am bound to say
that the people of the State of North Caro-
lina are a little tenacious of private rights, and
if the people of the State of North Carolina
are unwilling in their own constitution to per-
mit the writ of habeas corpus to be suspended
then my friend ought not to ask us, plainly in
the face of the Constitution of the United
States, to provide for suspending it in that
State in a case which is not either rebellion or
invasion.
Mr. ABBOTT. Without undertaking to pro-
long the debate, if the Senator will permit me,
I will say that in the course of the war the
confederate government suspended the writ of
habeas corpus in that State, and to the great in-
jury and damage of loyal men. When we came
into the constitutional convention a motion
was made that the writ of habeas corpus should
not be suspended on any occasion in that State.
I then arose and made a motion to add the
words " by the State." Leaving it in that
way, of course it would be presumption for
the State to undertake to say that the United
States should not do it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not finished. I
do not deny the right of the United States to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus in any State
when the occasion occurs which the Consti-
tution of the United States names, and that is
rebellion or invasion. Now, if Senators think
with the Senator from Nevada thata midnight
murder by a disguised man who runs away
before morning is a case of rebellion or inva-
sion they can vote against this amendment
without any question.
Mr, STEWART. Is that a fair statement
of my position?
Mr. HOWARD. What is "domestic vio-
lence" except a species of insurrection or
rebellion, that kind of violence which is men-
tioned in the guarantee clause of the Consti-
tution? It means that if it means anything;
and it is only to be subdued by military power,
as we all know. That is what is contemplated
in that clause. The two phrases are synony-
mous, it seems to me'—"insurrection" and
'' domestic violence''—except that an insurrec-
tion may exist against the United States, while
"domes'tic violence," properly construed, is
that which afl'ects the government of a Sta.te
or the institutions of a State.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, if this
amendment can be got into such a shape that
nobody will be hurt it will probably be accept-
able ; but there seems to be objection to the
adoption of any amendment or any provision
of law by which active and effective operations
can be carried on against these midnight as-
sassins. If the President could send a military
force into Alamance county, where these out-
rages are now taking place in North Carolina,
and they should arrest fifty Ifuklux, any county
or State judge would have a right to take them
out of the hands of the military commander
upon a writ of habeas corpus and deliver them
over to the State authorities for trial, atid
then they would be in just the same safe,
happy condition they are now; the Kuklux
would control orterrily the juries or the courts
just as they do now, and nothing would be
accomplished. If you expect to put down
these robberies, these murders and outrages,
you have got to give the President the power
to suspend the writ of habeas corpus in the
troubled district, and enable the military au-
thority to mete out summary punishment to
these assassins, or they will not get it at all;
becauss their machinery is such that they now
control the local courts, and they will do it.
As long as it is left to the local courts they
will escape punishment. They care nothing
about being arrested, provided they are to be
handed over the next day on a writ of habeas
corpus to the very courts that they have con-
trolled and terrified for two years past. If
there be a purpose to give actual protection
and safety to these people, make the law such
that it will give it, not make it a mere mockery.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from Indiana
explain one tiling to me? Suppose we have all
the constitutional authority m the world, if we
can send a military detachment into a county
in North Carolina and arrest a Kuklux or a
murderer and assassin, or anything of the kind,
and try him, and hang him, punish him as his
crimes deserve, why did we not, when we had
military authority and military power in Mis-
sissippi, which had an unquestionable murderer
in our possession,- inflict upon that man the
punishment that his crimes deserved?
Mr. MORTON. I can answer the Senator
in part. We have had the terror of a Supreme
Court hanging over the military authorities all
the time. Yerger was arrested; he was con-
victed, and, as I am informed, sentenced to be
hung; but his sentence was suspended for fear
that the Supreme Court would decide that the
military commission was unconstitutional.
Mr. CARPENTER. Why did they not shoot
him before the decision was made?
Mr. MORTON. Then there was the case
of Johnston, in Texas. I believe the Attorney
General here gave an opinion that the military
commission was legally constituted and that
he should be executed, and the order was issued
for his execution, but he escaped ; somehow
all of them escape; and if the Senator will
tell me why Jeff. Davis was allowed to escape,
why everybody else has been allowed to escape,
I will tell him that the fact is that the law has
not been executed, that the fact is there has
been a total failure, and that murder has run
riot and with impunity. That is no argument
why we should not attempt to make a law
which will give protection. But these con-
tinual scruples, these continual objections,
these attempts to take the life out of the law
and make it a mere empty form, if they shall
prevail there is 110 use in passing any law'011
the subject.
Mr. HOWE. If the terror of the Supreme
Court or any other terror prevented the mili-
tary authorities of the United States from inflict-
ing deserved punishmentupon an unquestioned
murderer in the territory of Mississippi, or in
Mississippi, where there was no State govern-
ment, will not the same terror prevent the same
authority from inflicting punishment upon the
same crimes in the State of North Carolina or
elsewhere ?
Mr. MORTON. No; we have got a different
court now. I think I have heard the Senator
make an argument on that subject, too.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that always
from the beginning we have erred by not giv-
ing power, rather than by giving it. Is there
any Senator who can mention one instance
where "we have erred by giving it? Now, my
friend interferes when it is proposed to give the
power to put down this Kuklux Klan. May
we go to illustrations to other countries not
of the common law? It is in the countries of
the common law that the writ of habeas corpus
is known. But the very proceeding which we
wish to institute, I take it, finds its type on the
continent of Europe—in France, in Spain, in
Italy—bythe expression of "astateof siege."
The Government puts a certain district 111 a
state of siege', or the whole country is declared
to be in a state of siege, which of itself is the
suspension of the equivalent of the writ of
habeas corpus.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is that equivalent;
is there any?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator asks if there
is any equivalent. There is no precise equiv-
alent of thehabeas corpus on the continent of
Europe ; but the idea of a state of siege is that
the military power prevails to the exclusion
of the civil. That is the idea ; and now is not
that the idea which we wish to carry oul in
Georgia and in all places where the public
peace is impaired by the Kuklux Klan? it
seems to me that it is. I think we wish to
enable the President, if he sees fit. to put this
whole region in a state of siege.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator explain how
he is going to contrive to give more authority
to the military power in North Carolina than
we did give to the military power m Missis-
sippi ?
