5660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
tho existence of a war between the empire of
France and kingdom of Prussia, the act enti-
tled 'An act,' " &c., "shall be suspended," &c.
The act, and those amendatory thereof, which
we propose to suspend are those which relate
to the registration of ships and vessels.
We propose to suspend those laws only for
six months, to date from the time of the said
proclamation of the President, to limit the
vessels admitted to those constructed ol' iron,
and also to limit them to vessels of two thou-
sand tons burden or over; and to refuse to rec-
ognize even such vessels when thus admitted,
and for that purpose become the property of
our own citizens for uses in the coastwise trade.
I do not know that anything is needed except
to state the two antagonistic propositions, and
to ask that they may be submitted at once to
the sense of the House, as I trust they will be
under the previous question, for there is no
tune to go into any general argument on the
subject.
Mr. B OTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow me
to suggest to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Soiiesck] a single amendment to his proposi-
tion ; that this suspension shall be for six
mouths or during the war—not exceeding six
months.
Mr. CULLOM. I understand that the prop-
osition of the minority of the committee is
offered as a substitute for the majority propo-
sition.
Mr. BLAIR. I yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] for ten minutes.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to bring the
attention of the House to the real condition
of affairs and the question at issue. Is there
war in Europe? No man in America knows.
Isthere likely to be war in Europe? They only
know who are in the secret councils of Louis
Napoleon. If there is to be war, how long will
it last? Who can tell? The war that dismem-
bered Austria lasted six weeks; the war that
constituted Italy a great Power lasted but seven
weeks. And the war, if one is to occur, that
will determine the new boundaries of France
or Prussia, may be a war of a single battle.
Now, upon these uncertainties, in the excite-
ment of the closing hours of the session of Con-
gress, it is proposed to reverse with indecent
haste what has been the policy of our country
for more than seventy-eight years. One of the
first and wisest statutes ever placed upon our
statute-books was that which invited us to com-
mercial.independence, and by the building up
of ship-yards, of shipping interests, and a com-
mercial marine to prepare for conflicts in the
future with the mother country, whose Govern-
ment we had just shaken off, the mistress of
the seas, with whom in the future we were to
contend for supremacy. That act has stood
sacred since 1792, and under its influence we
were hastening rapidly to supremacy, when
war, unhappy, civil war broke out among us,
and England with iron steamers from the Clyde
scourged our commerce from the seas. And
it is now gravely proposed to reward the
builders of the privateers that swept our flag
from the ocean by giving them—the Lairds,
and the whole brood of them—the advantage
of from twenty-five to forty per cent, over the
American ship-builder and the American
builder of marine engines in our market. It
will humiliate the country in order to reward
tho Lairds for their enterprise in constructing
the Shenandoahs and • Alabamas which de-
stroyed our commerce.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. KELLEY. I will liear the question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The remarks of the gen-
tleman seem to be very general and scarcely
applicable to the message of the President. I
wouid like to know whether the gentleman is
in favor of the message of the President or
whether he is opposed to it?
Mr. KELLJSY. Mr. Speaker, I am express-
ing the convictions of a Representative of the
people. I respect the President and his office.
I know his integrity of purpose. But I know
the limitations of his office, and the functions
and duties of my own. I should be false to
myself and my country if, believing that the
President had, in an hour of excitement, been
misled, I did not make my protest against his
suggestions.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I would like to
ask 
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I have the
floor but for ten minutes, and I decline to be
interrupted. Sir, the President has made no
recommendation. He has presented some
facts, and submitted to the wisdom of Con-
gress the question whether any legislation is
required. And I propose that Congress shall
answer him, that it has referred his message
to one of the leading committees of the House;
that that committee has carefully considered
it; that in the brief time allowed the commit!
tee has been unable to agree upon a measure
that could command its approval and has sub-
mitted to the House two propositions. And I
hope the House will further declare that agree-
ing with the majority of the committee it does
not, while entertaining the fullest measure of
respect for the President, see that the sugges-
tions offered by him require any immediate
legislation on the point in question.
When the gentleman from Wisconsin inter-
rupted mc I was saying that the joint resolution
reported by the minority of the committee pro-
poses to go to the yards of the Lairds and the
builders of the Alabama, the Shenandoah, and
other piratical vessels that scourged our com-
merce from the seas; it proposes to buy with-
out payment of duty, any iron steamer of two
thousand tons, built by foreign labor, while
the American ship-builder, who fought our
battles, whose sons went forth to die under our
flag, whose wealth was poured into the national
coffers, is to be charged duty on all the materials,
from keelson to truck and flag. Thus we are
to give a market to our enemies, and destroy
the ship-yards which eighty years of protection
under existing laws havebuiltup, aud to oblit-
erate the few establishments still in existence
for making steam enginery. And all for what?
To learn that the nations of the world will
laugh at our indecent haste—laugh at our mer-
curial excitability—and at the fact, that the ex-
perience of more than twenty years has not
taught us to understand the crafty movements
of Louis Napoleon. The report of the minority
proposes 
Sir. CONGER. I rise to a question of order.
My point is that within the time to which we
are limited for action upon this subject, tho
debate necessarily must not be prolonged.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows no rule
of order which prevents the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Blair] from occupying hishour.
The Chair therefore overrules the point of
order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me a question ?
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; because the House
is becoming impatient.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Only impatient at the
gentleman's speech.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 propose that r/e shall go
to the country before acting on this important
question. In a few weeks the President can,
if he deems it necessary, summons us here
again. If there be an exigency time will dis-
close it; and it will do us no harm to have
consulted our constituents and heard from the
country. Gentlemen say that the bill pro-
posed by the majority of the committee is to
continue in force for only six months. Sir,
the Clyde is lined with iron steamers which
can be brought to our shores in less than
twenty days; aud a period of six months would
suffice to furnish a supply of iron steamers of
two thousand ton3 burden which would Inst for
the next twenty years, even with all our enorm-
ous prospective development.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
the proposition embraced in the minority re-
port involves two perils to the country. In the
first place, itgivesto the President of the Uni-
ted States the power, by issuing or withholding
his proclamation, to control at his pleasure the
whole commerce of the country. . Whenever
he says "Admit foreign ships duty free," in
they come. So long as he hesitates to issue
his proclamation no such ships can come in. I
am unwilling in this manner to vest in any
human being the entire-control of the shipping
and navigation interests of the country. The
next peril is, if you open to purchase foreign
ships, as proposed in the minority report, you
stop the process of American ship-building; for
no American ship-builders will build ships now
under our enormous taxes with the prospect
of a proclamation coming from the President
which will enable him to buy foreign ships at
half price.' It is a stab, therefore, to the whole
American interest of the country, and it is a
stab to the American flag, and a policy to which
I will never make any surrender.
It may be said there are no ships in this
country now to do our carrying trade, no steam-
ships. It is not so. There are in New York
now, belonging to the Pacific -Mail Steamship
Company, from eight to ten first-class ships.
Webb, the great American ship-builder, has
nine steamships under his immediate control,
which can be put on the ocean in ten or twenty
days. Other American ship-builders there have
at least fifteen ships. There are two first-class
steamships in Boston harbor—the Oneida and
the Ontario—subject to the immediate orders
of the Government.
I see the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Alli-
son] is disposed to ask me a question, and I
will answer before he asks it. Why. if wehave
•so many ships, are not these ships put into the
immediate employ of our country? The rea-
son is that the foreign ships now doing the
carrying trade are in a great degree hotels;
and sugar, tea, coffee, and everything else
which contributes to the support of people are
free to these foreign ships, white the taxes on
our ships are so enormous as to render it
impossible for them to compete with those
foreign ships. Our present taxation is so
enormous that under ttie present system it is
impossible to send forth on the ocean Ameri-
can ships in competition with those on the
other side. Give the American ships free stores
and free them from taxation, and the Ameri-
can flag will forthwith resume its place on the
ocean.
I submitted in the committee two other prop-
ositions, as addenda to the minority report,
which were not supported by the minority,
although sustained by other members of the
committee. Those two propositions are as
follows:
And beit further enartfld. That all the material neces-
sary for shiD-buildinsc, not employed in the coast-
ing trade, bo admitted duty tree for six months;
and that all ship stores be also admitted duty free
for six months, under such regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may pressribe.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if these propositions
could be appended to that of the minority it
would be free trade for the Americans as well
as for Germans, Englishmen, and Frenchmen ;
but without these addenda it is only free trade
for the foreigners and slave trade for the Amer-
icans ; and that is all there is in that proposi-
tion. Sir, if there is to be a European war,
now is the day and now is the hour for the
triumph of American commerce. When the
European nations are arrayed one against the
other, and when their ships cannot safely go on
the ocean, then is the day arid then the hour
for the sh'-p-builders of this country to do
