4716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
trary, we can reduce it, we can repeal it, we
can modify it. There is no power either in
equity or law—because I wish to make the dis-
tinction broad enough—for one Congress to
tie up the hands of another Congress in ques-
tions of taxation. It is admitted on all hands that
there is 110 power in law to do it. Nor is there
any power in equity to do it. This stipulation
contained in the act levying the income tax is
now seized upon in order to make an equitable
obligation in favor of persons who are called
upon to contribute something to the support
of the Government.
Mr. CONIvLING. May I ask the Senator
a question to test the extent and force of his
proposition as to Congress having no right to
tie up the hands of another? One Congress
has said in respect to the bonds of the Gov-
ernment which are now out that they shall be
exempt from all State taxation. I stop there
and ask the honorable Senator whether he
holds that that does not tie the hands of this
Congress, and that therefore we may notwith-
standing say that they shall be subject to Stale
taxation ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I will ask the hon-
orable Senator a question. Does he compare
that contract, made between a personwho gave
us money upon the faith of our stipulation,
with a tariff law or a tax law levying an annual
tax or a biennial tax or a tax until 1870? The
Senator can answer my question more at
length hereafter.
Mr. CONKLING. Ishould be glad to answer
it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. The stipulation contained
in the contract must be executed, because it is
part of the contract and we receive money in
consideration of the contract; but when we
levied an income tax on the people of the
United States we did not levy it as one of two
contracting parties ; we levied it in the name
of the sovereignty of the United States, de-
manding a right we had as a Government to
take that much or more. If it had been neces-
sary, instead of levying five per cent, or ten
per cent, we could have levied fifty per cent.,
and still have been within the just bounds of
our authority, without the necessity of making
any stipulation whatever about it. A pro-
vision in a tax law limiting the duration of a
tax binds no one. It is not founded upon any
consideration either moral or equitable, and it
ia always in the power of Congress to change
or modify it at its pleasure. Otherwise all
your tariff laws are frauds, all your tax laws
are frauds. For example, you have levied
taxes to continue without any limit as to time.
What right have 3rou to repeal those taxes
until your debt is paid ? These various taxes
were levied in order to seenro the public debt,
and in the very first internal revenue act that
was passed during the war we declared that
the taxes provided for in it were levied to
secure the payment of the public debt. Y/hat
right have you to repeal any of them ?
All tax laws and all the provisions of tax
laws rest solely upon the judgment of Congress
growing out of the necessities of the hour, and
may be repealed or modified, increased or
diminished, without any violation of the faith
of this nation. If the Congress of 1864 could
surrender the power over the income tax, then
this Congress may surrender the power over
all other taxes; and a Democratic Congress,
if it should ever come into power, might sur-
render the power to impose taxes to pay the
interest on the public debt, if such a thing was
possible.
Sir, these rights of taxation are incident to
Government, inalienable in their nature, not
to be tied up or limited by stipulation. Con-
gress may bind itself and the nation in a con-
tract between an individual and the nation, but
it cannot bind up the power of a subsequent
Congress to levy taxes or to repeal them at
pleasure.
There is one other point I ought to mention.
There has been great complaint in this coun-
try, whether justly or not, that the bonds of
the United States are exempt from tax. It was
astipulation made by us in the war; and I, for
one, intend faithfully and honestly to standby
that stipulation under all circumstances what-
ever. Those bonds are exempt from all taxes
except such income tax as may be levied by
the people of the United States upon all other
incomes.
Now, sir, when here is a property that is
exemptfrom all other taxation, will you repeal
this, the only tax that rests on this class of
property, amounting in this country now to
§1.000,000,000? I ask Senators when we have
complied with our stipulations to the bond-
holders in every particular, when we have
the conceded right to tax the income derived
from the bonds, shall we now, in the face of
the public clamor made in this country against
this exemption, exempt them all from the only
tax that can be constitutionally levied upon
them? If so, you must cxpect to meet popular
clamor, not the clamor manufactured in the
daily newspapers whose receipts are large and
productive, not the clamor that comes to us
from cities, or from the Union League, com-
posed of gentlemen among the ablest and best
in this country, whom 1 respect personally, but
you will hear clamor coming from the mass of
the people who wiil complain of injustice and
wrong, and their voice, although not often
heard in the way of petitions, when it comes
to you is more mighty than the waves of the
sea.
If wo throw off this tax we have to make it
good in some way. The Committee on Finance
have considered tho possibility of the Senate
striking oil'this income tax, and how wo should
make it up; and here tho difficulty presents
itself. Yv'e have thrown off from the tariff
duties some twenty-three million dollars ac-
cording to my estimate. If this small tax on
incomes is repealed, we dispose of $17,700,000
more. We therefore cannot pass the sections
of this bill. If this income tax is repealed or
lost, wo have to go back and restore again tho
special taxes, which are license taxes paid by
the great mass of the people in various legal
employments, or we have got to restore tho
tax on gross receipts, which is a tax on trans-
portation and travel, the tax on insurance, &e.;
or we have to restore some other form of tax,
or devise some new methods of raising money.
We cannot do both, and if the Senate makes
up its mind to repeal the income tax, then I
know nothing better than to recommit this bill
with a view to see what taxes we shall resort
to, and how we can get tho eighteen or twenty
million dollars now proposed to be repealed.
Probably the simplest way will be, if the income
tax is stricken out of this bill, to strike oft' all
the sections in regard to the tariff. It would
be the simplest way. Then the sugar, tea,
coffee, and all the various articles which enter
into the small consumption of the great mass
of the people will not be relieved from this
proportion of burdens. There is no other
alternative.
I do not present this in order to deter Sen-
ators from voting against the continuance of
the income tax, but I merely show them aduty
we have to discharge; for while it is more
pleasant and agreeable to repeal taxes, and
the most agreeable duty that a Legislature can
possibly perform, yet there is here the duty of
maintaining intact the public faith, to secure
by taxation enough revenue to pay the inter-
est on the public debt, and to pay that portion
of the principal we have agreed to pay, and to
pay the expenses of the Government.
Therefore it is a simple alternative between
this and some other form of tax. That is a
question 1 do not wish to discuss or present,
farther than simply to throw out the idea that
if the income tax is stricken out we shall have
to restore many of the taxes which it is pro-
posed by tho bill to repeal.
Mr. CORBET T. Mr. President, the income ,
tax was levied during the war, at o- time when ■.
the necessities of the Government required .
extraordinary means to meet extraordinary j
emergencies. Such a tax had never before j
been levied in this country. It was levied upon •
people who were able to pay the tax, anu they
have submitted to it willingly for the time i .
was laid. You said to the people,We levy
this special tax upon you until and including
the year 1870, and no longer. By that time
we shall have put down the rebellion; we shall ,
have returned to peace and prosperity, and we ,
shall establish and enact other laws by which ,
we may collect sufficient taxes to meet the j
emergencies of the Government, as we have m
former clays. But for this tax, it shall continue
until and including the year 1870, and no
longer." , <
You pledged that to the people, who have !
paid this tax so willingly up to the present time, j
But where a man has an income trom $20,000 I
invested at five per cent., which would be just 1
$1,000 a year, he is oxempt._ The incomeof |
an individual whose labor yields him the in- ,
tercst on $20,000 at five per cent, is the same )
as that of a man who has $20,000 placed at
interest on a bond or mortgage at five per cept.
That man is exempted. It a person has in-
vested $20,000, and does nothing, he can live
on his $1,000 in the country, and he is exempt
from the income tax. You have exempted
the farmers throughout the country. You
allow them their houses and all they obtain
from their farms, so that they pay no portion
of this tax. They are not oppressed by it in
any way. It is only tho people who are pav-
ing it who are affected by it. They were will-
ing to pay it during the war, considering it,
nevertheless, unjust and discriminating.
You have no right under our system of
government, in my opinion, to exempt even
the man with $20,000. If you have a right
to exempt tho man who has $20,000 in bonds
and receives $1,000 interest thereon, why have
you not a right to exempt that class of men
who have $100,000? Nay, sir, why not exempt
every man except A. T. Stewart and William
B. Astor, who have perhaps nearly sufficient
income to pay this entire tax? If you dis-
criminate between one class of people and
another there is no telling how far you may
carry that discrimination.
This tax is unjust toward the business com-
munity, as I will proceed to show. Suppose
a man engages in business, forming a copart-
nership for five years. He may make $20,000
this year, and he pays an income tax of five
per cent, upon those earnings; but the next
two years he may lose $40,000—$20,000 in each
year. It is true you do not tax him for that,
but yet taking the three years together you tax
him upon his losses for three years. Then,
suppose the next year he makes $20,000 profit,
and the following year he loses $20,000, how
does his business for the five years sum up ?
He has made a profit of $40,000, and his
losses have been $00,000; and yet you have
charged him an income tax of five per cent,
upon $40,000, making §2,000. When he
winds up his business you do not make a de-
duction upon the $00,000 he has lost, and he
winds up not only with $20,000 lost, but with
$2,000 tax paid, which you have made him
pay, making $22,000 loss. Is that just to the
business man, to the man who is working with
his hands, using all his energies in order to
accumulate? You are taxing the energies of
the business community. What do you do
with the man who derives an income from real
estate ?
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
one provision of this income tax law which has
not been noticed by the Senator from Ohio, or
any one else in the Senate that I know of.
There is a provision that if you buy a piece of
real estate, and hold it for three years and one
day, you are not obliged to return as income
