1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5661
as they did during the European war, in the
early part of this century, and again bourne
the carriers of the world. "<.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. BLAIR. I now yield for five minutes
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. allison.]
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I do not
design occupying even five minutes, because I
know it is necessary to have the vote taken as
soon as possible if this minority report is to
become the law. I congratulate the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. kelley] that he has
now an ally in the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] in opposing the-proposition to
admit free for a limited time vessels over two
thousand tons burden built of iron. The rea-
son given by the gentleman from New York
why he is opposed to that measure is because
we will not add a proposition giving free ma-
terials to our own ship-builders. Does not the
gentleman from New York know if war were
to exist in Europe every ship-yard in our coun-
try would at once be revived and set in ac-
tive operation, notwithstanding the few vessels
which would come in under the proposition
submitted to the House?
And the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kellby] tells us that we are going to pass this
bill for the purpose of aiding the Lairds, the
English ship-builders and ship-owners, by pur-
chasing their vessels. I tell the gentleman we
propose to pass this bill because we propose
now to pay England in her own coin. We pro-
pose now to go into the markets of the world
and obtain the ships of Europe which the peo-
ple of Europe cannot now use, and thus com-
pete with England for the commerce of the
world during this European war. But the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania would not only give
England all she has now, but proposes to give
her the carrying trade of the United States
exclusively during this period of a foreign war,
if a foreign war exists; thereby adding to the
cost of the transportation of every bushel of
wheat and every barrel of flour which we may.
send across the ocean to sustain those people
who are engaged in war. For one, sir, I will
not support any such proposition. I stand here
to say that we should do as England did and
as other nations did during our period of war;
that we should take the vessels of other na-
tions and put them under the American flag,
owned by American citizens. The gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Lynch] showed us in his
report that eight hundred thousand tons of
American shipping were transferred to foreign
countries and put under foreign registry._ Let
us have that back now during this period of
foreign war. Let us float the American flag
over those eight hundred thousand tons of
American shipping, and let that tonnage be in
iron vessels which we can ourselves use if we
should come to be engaged in war. I yield, a
portion of my time to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman yields to
me that I may announce to the House that the
minority have withdrawn the substitute they
offered, and having modified it now present
it in an amended shape, so that the suspen-
sion shall be during the war, and for a period
not exceeding six months; so that if the war
lasts beyond six months it will terminate.
Mr. NIBLACIv. I desire to say that I am
in favor of the minority proposition, and hope
the previous question will not be seconded.
Mr. BLAIR. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman from
Maine propose to speak 011 this subject?
Mr. PE I'ERS. I do.
Mr. SCHENCK. I beg to say that this is
entirely contrary to the arrangement made by
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. ALLISON. I believe I had five min-
utes allowed me. Has my time expired?
The SPEAKER. Two minutes of it remain.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield the balance of my
time to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Looan.]
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to offer a remark or
two, and may perhaps be able to do so in that
time. Mr. Speaker, when this proposition was
formerly before the House it came up under
very different circumstances from those which
now exist. I then occupied the same position
which I propose to occupy now. I then took
ground in favor of the citizens of the United
States being permitted to purchase foreign
ships, and in favor of permitting vessels sail-
ing under foreign flags to be registered under
our flag. And I say to these gentlemen now,
to tiie gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] and to the ship-builders of this coun-
try, that if they allow their notions of high
protection to run riot in this matter, so that
we shall not permit our citizens to purchase
foreign vessels in time of war for the benefit
of our naval service and our commerce, so that
we shall bind down our citizens under this idea
of protection to American ship building, not
to purchase vessels from abroad; I say that,
by adopting this course, they are pursuing a
policy that is holding the knife to the throat
of the commercial interests of this nation.
And I say more, I am glad that the President
has sent this message to-day to the House. I
am glad he takes the view he does of the ques-
tion. I expressed my regret some time ago
that he held different opinions on this ques-
tion; and I am glad he takes the position
he does to-day, and am prepared fully to
indorse it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR. I yield to the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
Mr. PETERS. The Congress of the United
States has been for a long time considering the
question whether commerce and ship-building
should have any extraordinary protection and
stimulus; and this bill, reported by the minor-
ity of the Committee of Ways and Means, pro-
poses to take away even the ordinary benefits
and privileges which commerce and ship-build-
ing now enjoy. And I say to this House, in
behalf of the people of Maine, that if you pass
this bill you will cut the jugular vein of the
whole ship-building interest on this continent
for years to come. I know very well what took
place during the late war, and we have a right
to judge what would be the result during this
war. This foreign shipping would be owned
by its present owners, or their friends, and its
transfer under the American flag would be
merely nominal. I know that during the last
war, where an American owned a steamship,
he sold it to a British subject in New York, or
in some other Atlantic city.
Mr. Speaker, the result of the bill, as pro-
posed by the minority, would be just this:
the shipping would be under the flag of the
United States, and it would be owned by for-
eigners; they would have the use of our flag,
and they would own their shipping. Have they
not friends, have they not relations in this
country, so that they can put their property
nominally under our flag? There are two parts
of this proposition. One is that within a cer-
tain time they shall be allowed to buy vessels.
Why, sir, within six months they could buy all
the shipping afloat; within six months, or
within six days, they could buy every ship, or
buy them nominally. Another part of the
proposition is that the vessels to be brought
under our flag shall be of a certain tonnage.
The result of the bill would be a _ fall in the
value of vessels of our own construction twenty-
five or fifty cents on the dollar, and ship-build-
ing would entirely go down. The people of
Bremen, and of Hamburg, and of Britain pay
no such taxes 011 ship-building as our peo-
ple do.
Mr. Speaker, at thislate stage ofthe session
there is 110 particular advantage in discussing
this matter ; but in the name of my constitu-
ents I protest against allowifig our flag to be
used by foreigners against the interest of
American ship builders and American arti-
sans. I am sorry that the first man to desert
us is a man in whom I had so much confi-
dence—the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. Pray, how many iron
vessels of two thousand tons burden do you
build in Maine?
Mr. PETERS. In the first place, this meas-
ure would strike down the value of our present
shipping ; it destroy our ship-building,
because we pay taxes on the material enter-
ing into the construction of our ships which
the foreigners who would send ships here do
not pay.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bux-
leb.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If, Mr.
Speaker, this was a question of establishing
the policy of free trade or protection, I con-
fess I should hesitate before, without further
consideration, I should vote that we adopt it.
The question of policy which the President sub-
mits as a matter of statesmanship to the House
is, whether we will seize the golden opportunity
offered by the war in Europe to reinstate our-
selves in our merchant marine, and in so rein-
stating ourselves we shall revive our naval
force. In the first place, a ship transferred to
American owners, and subject to the Amer-
ican flag, must be transferred under that flag
and under any American register with three
fourths American seamen. If a vessel is owned
by our citizens, and manned with our own sea-
men, I do not care who builds the bottoms.
By adopting the proposition we shall get back
the tonnage we lost during the war. As a
matter of statesmanship, if we seize on this
opportunity to take back from Prussia and
from France this shipping we shall make up
for that which we lost to Great Britain during
the rebellion.
But, sir, this measure is not intended to
antagonize our own ship-building. There has
not been a two thousaud ton iron ship built in
this country in five years, and we cannot build
one in any American ship-yard that I know of
under two years. Therefore it was that I intro-
duced the resolution that we should purchase
the steamships that we cannot build, and put
them under the American flag. Now, sir, is
this whole question to be decided upon the
amount of a hotel bill? Is this great question
of national right and national statesmanship
and national supremacy to be argued as a ques-
tion of cost of tea and sugar? Are we to be
told that the American ship-master must per-
force fill his tea-caddy and sugar-bowl in Amer-
ica? Pardon me, my friends, but it seems to
me that we are forgetting statesmanship and
raising the cry of '"Beef!" "Bee!!" as at the
end of the revolutionary war it was done by
John Hook. It is said that we are legislating
in haste. Sir, we must be in haste. He is never
in too much haste who seizes the golden oppor-
tunity. It is the sluggard, the dullard, the
heavy-headed man who lets the lion go by and
never seizes him and makes him his own.
[Here the hammer fell.] «
Mr. BLAIR. I yield now for five minutes
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pot-
ter. ]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I agree with
my colleague [Mr. Brooks] that this minority
report, unqualified and unrestricted as it is,
does stab alike at the commerce and the indus-
try of the nation. I believe that a rare opportu-
nity is now offered to restore a great com-
merce to our people, if only we will not allow
foreigners to keep their hoid upon it by tem-
porary assumption ot our flag.
I am convinced, sir, that the effect of a res-
olution authorizing American citizens to buy
ships anywhere will be that foreigners will
