1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3773
Mr. KELSEY. Very well; I will withdraw
the motion for the present.
Mr. HANKS. I wish to say to the gentle;
man from Ohio [Mr. Mungen] that the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs make the Cuban
question second to no other. We but wait an
opportunity to present to the House the whole
subject, pure and simple, disconnected with :
anything else. 1 say, also, to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] that we favor in no
wi^e whatever the proposition to buy the island
of Cuba.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not say that anybody
in this country favored such a proposition.
Mr. BANKS. I am myself opposed to such
a proposition. The Committee on Foreign
Atlairs have given a great deal of attention and
consideration to this subject, and are ready to
report upon it. But while this House was
engaged in the discussion of the tariff bill every
man must have seen that it was not then pos-
sible to get the two-thirds vote necessary to
postpone that subject, and we expected every
day that it would be disposed of. And so it
lias been with regard to the appropriation bills,
which have been before the House since the
tariff bill was laid aside. But whenever the
House will give us the opportunity we will
present this question, pure and simple, for its
action without any restraint or limit whatever.
And I do not doubt that the House will find
the Committee on Foreign Affairs as determ- I
ined to maintain the honor of this country as '
any other committee or any other portion of !
the members of this House. I am glad of the
opportunity to say this, because we have been
charged by various journals in this country
with having intended to suppress the matter
and keep it from the House.
Mr. KELSEY. I now renew the motion
that the committee rise, for the purpose of
obtaining from the House an order to close
debate on this paragraph. I believe one or
two members wish to move to insert the names
of one or two places which have been omitted;
that they can do even after the debate has been
terminated. I wish to state that the omission
of a name in an appropriation bill does not
destroy the consulate at that place, for a con-
sul can still be appointed there and receive
the fees he may collect as his compensation.
Having made that statement, I now insist on
my motion.
Mr. VOORHEES. Let me suggest to the
gentleman who is managing this hill [Mr. Kel-
sey] that just a little- spice of fair play on his
part will help it along very much. We do not
desire to be cut off in the middle of a debate,
especially when most of the time lias been
taken by gentlemen on the other side. We
want only a little fair play. I desire to make
a few remarks myself, inasmuch as it was upou
my motion that this debate was commenced.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent of the Committee of the Whole that all
debate upon this paragraph shall terminate in
fifteen minutes.
Mr. WILLARD. Before that unanimous
consent is given, although I do not desire to
discuss the question of Cuba, I do desire, be-
fore the debate on this paragraph is closed,
that the House shall hear read a letter which
was written by our consul at Odessa, which
consulate is left out of this paragraph. I under-
stand, if the motion of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Kelsey] shall prevail, that the
letter cannot be read except by unanimous
consent. .
Mr. KELSEY. There will be time enough
for that. I ask unanimous consent that all
debate on this paragraph shall terminate in
fifteen minntes from this time.
Mr. COX. How much of that time will the
gentleman allow us to have?
Mr. KELSEY. Ten minutes of the fifteen.
Mr. COX. Well, that is fair. ^
No objection was made; and it was accord-
ingly agreed that all debate upon the pending
paragraph should terminate in fifteen minutes.
Mr. KELSEY. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees.]
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] asks me to yield to
him for one minute, which he does not want to
come out of ray time, and which I do not want
to come out of it either.
Mr. MYERS. I only desire to say to the
House, in furtherance of what has just been
said by the chairman of the Committee on >
Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Banks,] that our com- ;
inittee has done its whole duty in this regard; :
and when the fact of these identical outrages ;
was brought to our attention we sent for the ]
Secretary of State and the Secretary of the j
Navy, and under our advice two vessels were j
dispatched to Santiago de Cuba, and if more \
were not dispatched there it was because there
are but about forty sea-going vessels now to
patrol the seas, and the difficulty was to take
them from other stations.
Mr. WILKINSON. I ask the gentleman
fro in Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] to yield to me :
for one minute. !
Mr. VOORHEES. Certainly. i
Mr. WILKINSON. I desire to make a
single remark iu reply to what has fallen from
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent.] |
That honorable gentleman took occasion, or
I rather sought to take advantage of the allusion j
to the atrocities which have been committed
iu Cuba, to lecture this House for refusing to
vote to the Navy appropriations as large sums
as that honorable gentleman demanded of the
House. Now, I wish to say just tjiis: that since
these troubles have been going on in Cuba, and
while American citizens were being murdered^
there, it has been proven before a committee of
this House that every American vessel was with-
drawn from the Cuban-waters and sent else-
where.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Wilkinson] says every American vessel
was withdrawn from Cuban waters and sent
elsewhere. I will tell you where they were
sent; they were sent to San Domingo.
Mr. VOORHEES. I am very glad that I
yielded to the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr.
Wilkinson.] I am glad, not merely because
I am always ready to oblige him personally, but
because of the statement he has just made. I
do not wish to be understood as desiring to
arraign the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I
have no doubt that the members of that com-
mittee axe as patriotic and as much devoted to
a proper discharge of their duties as are any
other members of this House. But I called
the attention of this House to the extraordi-
nary publication in the New York Tribune for
the purpose of anew arresting the attention ot
members and of the whole country and direct-
ing it to the bloody, unparalleled, and atrocious
outrages perpetrated upon American citizens
almost within sight of our own soil. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] rises here,
and, for the purpose of shielding the Adminis-
tration from the just blame which attaches to
it, makes a personal criticism on the consul.
Of this I know nothing.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not do it
for the purpose  _
Mr. VOORHEES. I have no time to yield.
Mr. GARFIELD., of Ohio. I did not do
it for the purpose of attacking the consul.
Mr. VOORHEES. I have no time to yield,
and he knows it. This article iu the New York
Tribune appeared with the indorsement of the
responsible editor ot that paper; it appears
as the article of nobody else than the editor of
the New York Tribune. It is not a publica-
tion purporting to be by A. E. Phillips ; he is
merely cited as authority for the facts therein
st&t6cl •
I have no doubt that the facts there stated
are true. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] however, calls for some effects
that had passed, as he says, into the hands of
this consul, and which he asserts belonged to
some citizen of his district. He makes that
call here before this House, knowing, as he
must have known, that Wyeth and Spekeman
were dead ; knowing that the gravamen of the
charge which I brought against the State De-
partment was true, that these men had been
murdered, that their blood had been shed, that
their young pulses had been stilled in the early
morning of their lives by a set of brutal gar-
roters.
Passing by their smoking blood, which to-
day soaks the soil of Cuba, like the citizen of
the days of the Revolution described by Pat-
rick Henry, who went through the American
camp shouting " Pay for my beef! " the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] rises up
here and cries out for the return of the effects
of some one who died where our consul was
stationed. Sir, I cry out for the return of the
lives of our citizens who have been foully mur-
dered ; I cry out for the return of the honor
of the American flag that has been insulted;
I cry out for the return of a foreign policy
which shall be known and honored throughout
the world, instead of being despised and con-
temned as ours is now. Talk with foreign min-
isters who have returned, as I have, and you
will hear them describe how English embas-
sadors in foreign countries sneer and laugh at
the foreign policy of this Government.
There occurs to my mind at this moment
the case of a young Irishman by the name of
McConnell. He came to this country in the
fall of 1861. He landed in New York, took out
his naturalization papers, enlisted in the ninety-
ninth regiment of NewYork volunteers, fought
until the last gun was fired, until the last flag
was furled in the air, and quitted the service
as a captain. In September, 1865, he sailed
to revisit the associations of his boyhood in
Ireland. In the harbor of Dublin the ship he
was on was boarded by the British police ; there
he was arrested. He was tried and convicted
in December. At this hour, while we are here
in ease, with every comfort and luxury, that
man with the scars of fifty battles—not so many
scars as that; but scars won in a war in which
he participated in at least fifty engagements—
is sleeping, or perhaps at this hour waking and
! praying for relief, serving out ten years of a
term of conviction in a British prison.
These are facts, solemn facts, and you know
it. On the 1st day of April the Secretary of
State declared to this House that there were
seventeen American citizens serving out terms
of conviction in English prisons, not for acts
on British soil, but for words spoken under the
shade of the American flag.
Look at England herself and take example
from her. When a few crazy men from her
borders penetrated the interior of Africa and
were captured by the savage, barbarian prince
Theodorus, of Abyssinia, and held as hostages
for the fulfillment of a wild, chimerical scheme
of matrimonial alliance between him and the
queen of England, what then, sir, was the con-
duct of England? Slighting negotiations, she
called her armies from the Indies of the East,
landed them on the eastern coast of Africa, built
railroads to penetrate the savage fastnesses of
that country, and stopped not until she slew tlio
barbarian in his stronghold of Magdala, forever
crushed his power, and took her eight or ten
citizens out of bondage. Had it been America
dealing with American citizens, their blood
might have soaked unavenged into the dry
sands of Africa as they have soaked into the
sands of Cuba, and theState Department would
have still slept, and the President would have
remained inactive, and this House would have
cried the watchman's cry as lie goes his rounds:
"All's well! all's welll"
Mr. Chairman, we have had no foreign policy
that has commanded the admiration of the
earth since the day when Andrew Jackson,
that man not merely of hickory, but ot iron,
was seated in the chair of the Executive Man-
sion. He spoke to Louis Philippe, of France,
and told him to pay his debts or be prepared
to meet the concentrated courage and patriot-
