1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4717
the profit arising from ita salo, even if you
make $100,000 upon it. But if you sell it
within three years you have to pay an income
tax on the profit you make, which would be
$5,000 in the case of a profit of $100,000. Is
that just? Is the income profits on real estate
of the country to be exempted while the busi-
ness man, whose energies are devoted to his
business, who is wearing out his very life in
pursuing it, is made to pay taxes, and you
relieve the real estate owner who makes his
profit by speculating in real estate? Nay, will
you relieve the man who bought at the com-
mencement of the war public lands at $1 25 an
acre on speculation, and which are now worth
fifteen dollars an acre, he having held them
until the present time? If he has held them
over three years ho can sell them at fifteen
dollars an acre, making twelve or thirteen hun-
dred per cent., and pay no tax in the nature
of an income upon the profits. Is that just?
I say it is not. I say you are taxing the in-
dustry of every man in this nation, and you
are letting go free the speculators in real estate.
You are injuring the friends of the Govern-
ment.
Take the case of a man who at the com-
mencement of the war sold his property for
$100,000 to a man who would not invest in
(Jnited Slates bonds, who was afraid of the
Government bonds; and the man selling that
land-took the money derived from it and in-
vested it in Government bonds. The real estate
has risen on an average at least one hundred
percent., and the man who bought it at that
time goes scot free of income tax, if he holds
the property for over three years, and sells it,
even if he makes $100,000 profit. Is that right?
You tax the man on his income from United
States bonds, who now has simply his $100,000
in bonds that he had in 1861, having no more;
whereas the other man, who bought his'prop-
erty, has to-day real estate worth $200,000,
and avoids paying a dollar's income tax. Is
that just? I say it is not just to the patriotic
men who came forward and tqok your bonds
at the commencement of the war.
I say, too, that it paralyzes every manufac-
turing interest in this country. Why so ? Be-
cause it has done more to give rise to combi-
nations against the capitalist, to raise an issue
between the capitalist and his employes, than
any other tax. The income tax lists have been
published year by year. A man may be for-
tunate in one year by investments in the stock
used in his business, and may have a very suc-
cessful year. He may employ five hundred
hands, and may have made $50,000. At the
end of that year, when the tax list is published,
what will it cost him? Will not his laborers
combine against him and put up the price of
their labor, so that the next five years he may
lose $100,000? He is allowed no reduction for
that. I tell you it is so working throughout all
our manufacturing establishments, Ijven in
the district of the Senator from Massachusetts
TMr Wxlsojj] one man told me that the pub-
lication of his income one year cost him an
immense sum of money. How ? He was en-
wed in the manufacture pi boots and shoes.
Bv a fortunate investment m stock, which rose
after he bought it, lie made in one year ij, i0,000.
He said that the publication of this fact cost
him $50,000, because the workmen combined
against him, and the result was to take every-
thing he had made, and he had not made a
"if ft does notwork to the injury of the labor-
in* man eventually it would be wed; if it cou.d
siSplv give an increase of wages that year, it
would be no injury; but when the employer
loses fifty or a hundred thousand dollars in
his business during a year, that is not pub-
shed; and then, when his name does not
' Lear in the list the workmen say • He is dis-
honest; because we have put up tue price of
r labor on him he has sworn to a false re-
turn • he has not returned an income." It cre-
ate- Irritation and a feeling of the injustice of
this law in the mind of that man who is willing
to pay an honest tax. We know that while a
merchant or manufacturer, in a series of years,
may make a competency, there are some years
when he will make nothing, when he will lose
money ; and it is the history of trade in this
country that ninety-nine out of every hundred
merchants fail.
Mr. President, I have looked at this law ;
I have watched its workings, and have opposed
the repeal of it during its continuance. I was
in favor of continuing the law as long as it
was necessary. I believe that necessity is past.
I believe that if you want to make this tax so
odious as that during another war you can
never levy such a tax, you had better renew
it; and then I assure you you will never be
able, even in that crisis, to establish or levy it
again, in my opinion.
The renewal of this tax will create such a
feeling among the business community, and
among the people who pay this tax, and those
who have confidence in them, will have such
an effect that you will never again levy such a
tax in peace or war. If you have had this
power given to you up to the present time, let
it pass. If it was illegal, if it was unconsti-
tutional, the people have paid it willingly
because it was a necessity. The capitalist has
paid it wiHingly because it was necessary to
protect his property. They did not protest
against it. Now, to continue this tax, when
there are no real necessities of the Govern-
ment, it seems to me is highly unwise; it is
injudicious; itis wrong; itis treating this class
of people who have borne this burden willingly
up to the present time unjustly and unfairly.
We know that it holds out a premium to people
to make alterations in their books if necessary.
It makes it necessary for them to keep up their
credit, so that even if they have lost money they
are willing to return an income even to their
own detriment, that they may keep up their
credit. We know that unless men in business
return an income their credit is ruined, and
they may be forced into bankruptcy at any
moment.
Is such a tax, that leads to such abuses, just
toward the man who is struggling to maintain
himself in business? He may see that a con-
tinuation in business for four or five years,
until he gets established, will enable him in
the end to make a fortune or a handsome
competency. The creditor is watching every
year to see whether he gives in an income
return; and if he does not give in an income
the creditor says, " 1 must look out for him;
I will curtail his credit; I shall have to look
out for my money;'' and the first you will
know he calls upon his debtor for the money,
he forces him into bankruptcy, whereas by a
conlimiaUon in business lie might ultimately
have made a fortune.
Every man who is a business man hero per-
haps can look back to days when, if ho had
been forccdlogivean income return, to expose
his business to the public gaze, he might have
been rained. I have no doubt it was so in very
many cases. There are very few men to whom
in. the history of their lifetime that has not
occurred.
This unjust tax law causes among the peo-
ple who pay this tax discontent. The effect
of this injustice toward them and this discrim-
ination against thorn v/ill be to cause that feel-
ing of discontent to wish for a different form
of government. This Government is estab-
lished upon the basis of " the consent of the
governed," and -.ve must use our power leni-
ently. If we take advantage of the position
we have now over the property-holder to do
injustice to him, how soon may it reach the
laboring classes, those who have not so much
property? If we can unjustly discriminate in
one ease, we can do it in another. It is well
to be just to all and give no cause for injustice
to any.
Our Constitution provides that the houses
of our people shall not be subject to unreason-
able search nor their papers to unreasonable
seizure. It was the intention by that amend-
ment of the Constitution to provide that the
people should not be subject to petty annoy-
ances which were not necessary. Now, by
your law aman's books and papers can be ex-
amined by the internal revenue assessor. In
case he does not return a sufficient amount of
income according to the assessor's views, he
can force him to bring his books, and he can
examine those books. It was never the inten-
tion of the Government as it originated to com-
pel an individual to expose his private affairs
in this manner. This law is odious to the peo-
ple, by compelling them to show their books,
when they may be in such a condition finan-
cially that it would be ruin for them to expose
their condition. It has caused and will cause
many a failure of .success in business.
The Constitution also provides that direct
taxes shall be apportioned among the several
States according to their respective numbers.
The income taxis not apportioned, and yet it is
really a direct tax. This provision of the Con-
stitution was perhaps intended to meet this
very case, so that Congress should not impose
upon one class of people the entire tax and let
the others go free. It was the intention of the
Constitution that every man should pay some-
thing. If he had but little he should pay little,
and if he had much he should pay much. You
should not exempt any class of people from
paying taxes. Each man in this country has
the right to vote, has the right to determine
how and in what way the man of wealth shall
be taxed. He is equal with him in his vote.
In England he is not. We have established
our Government upon an entirely different
basis from the English Government, and what
may apply to England does not apply to our
own country necessarily.
I understand that the receipts of the current
fiscalyear will show an increaseof $20,000,000
over the estimate of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. This shows a gradual- increase of our
income that will enable us to make a greater
deduction of our taxes. The Senator from
Ohio, as I understood him, said that the income
of the Govern mer.t, after making the deductions
he proposes according to this bill, would amount
to only $78,000,000 over and above the expen d-
itures. He said that the duties upon tea, sugar,
and coffee, taken off by this bill will amount to
$23,000,000. and that as he proposes to reduce
the tax on income, that will yield about seven-
teen million dollars. These two items make
$40,000,000 to be taken off the $78,000,000',
which would leave $38,000,000 of surplus to
be applied to the public debt. If that is true,
that is sufficient. That will provide enough
for the sinking fund of one per cent., which
is $25,000,000, and leave $12,000,000 to be
applied to the payment of the public debt.
The increased income from every source, 1
have no doubt, will be sufficient to meet it. I
ptefer to retain in this list of taxes the tax on
corporations. 1 believe that if wo have a right
to exempt a man with an income of $1,000 we
have a right to tax corporations and except
the rest of the people. I do not see why it
may not bo applied in this way, and that cer-
tainly would give a very much greater increase.
The Senator from Ohio said that it had been
stated that the honest people paid this tax and
the rogues escaped. That is very true. We
know that this tax offers a premium for people
to make false returns, and it reaches a greater
number of people, than any other similar tax.
In my opinion it is more pernicious than the
whisky tax of two dollars a gallon. That
affected only a limited number of people, and
yet it demoralized the community to such an
extent that we were compelled to reduce the
tax to fifty cents a gallon; and since that
reduction we have received nearly four times
the amount of revenue from whisky. Now,
this tax reaches one hundred thousand to three
hundred thousand people, as the case may be;
but that is not the number who are really
