1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2829
Mr. SUMNER. "Well, I do not know that
I can give it more than I gave it in Mississippi,
but I would give it all that it had in Missis-
sippi, and then, if it is not executed, upon the
Executive be the responsibility. Let us give
the authority; let us do our duty whether the
Supreme Court or the Executive or whoever
else may fail to do theirs.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, it seems
to me that we have had discussion enough on
this subject and that it is time for us to come
to a vote. I wish to say to the legal gentle-
men of this body that after these commentaries
over and over again upon every law and every
possible law it seems to me that the Senators
of the United States have sense enough to give
a reasonable vote on these questions. It is now
two o'clock. Let us not stay here all night.
Let us come to a vote and go home and go to
bed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmonds] to the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Anthony, Buckingham, Carpenter,
Casserly, Cole, Davis, Edmunds, Ferry, Fowler, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Howe, Howell, Mc-
Crccry, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pat-
tenon, Pomeroy, Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schura,
Scott, Stockton, Thurnian, Tipton, Trumbull, Wil-
lev, and Williams—29.
NATS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames,Boreman, Chandler,
Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Fen ton, Flanagan, Hamilton
of Texas, Harris, Howard, MdJonald, Morton, .Nye,
Os'oorn, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, llice, Robert-
son, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sumnev, Thayer,
Warner, Wilson, and Yates—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Cameron,
Catteli, Conkling, G-ilbert, Harlan. Johnston, Kel-
logg, Lewi?, Norton, Sprague, and Vickeis—13.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'The question
recurs on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the "Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment to the
preamble made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MORTON. I now offer the following
amendment, which was agreed to in Commit-
tee of the Whole on my motion, but afterward
stricken out:
And he it further enacted, That so much of the act
entitled "An act making appropriations lor the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June ,.0,1868,
and for other purposes," approved March 2,18b7, as
prohibited the organization, armins, or calling into
service of the militia forccs in the State ol Georgia,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays. This is in direct conflict with the bill
as "it stands. They cannot organize militia in
a provisional government. I wish to state
reasons why tiie amendment ought not to be
^Th^VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair will
state that this amendment is in print, and has
been a part of the bill. It comes within the
rule prohibiting debate, as laid down by the
Senator from Ohio, [.Mr. Thubmas.]
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course under those
circumstances I cannot debate it, but it seems
to me this amendment may not strictly come
within that rule.
The vice PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it does. , ,. .
Mr. CASSERLY. It is the restoration ot
an amendment which was taken out in com-
mittee
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the same rule applies to striking out as to res-
toration. .-ii
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course I must yield
to the Chair, but the whole thing is so «<lien-
lously inconsistent with the scope of the bill
that I think that fact ought to be stated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator insist on the call for the-yeas and nays?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 48, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
man, Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Coie, Cor-
bett, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan,
Hamilton of Texas, Harris, Howard, llowell, Kel-
logg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye. Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pool. Pratt. Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Robertson, Ross,
Scliurz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, Wilicy, Wil-
liams. Wilson, and Yates—48.
NAYS—Messrs. Casserly. Fowler, Hamilton of
Maryland, llamlin, Howe, McCrecry, Sawyer, and
Stockton—8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard. Brownlow, Camoron,
Catteli, Conkling. Cragin, Davis, Gilbert, Harlan,
Johnston, Lewis, Norton, Saulsbury, Sprague, Thur-
man, and Vickers—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on ordering the amendments to be
engrossed, and the bill to be read the third
time.
It was so ordered.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the
title.
Mr. SUMNER. Not now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title cannot
be amended until the bill is passed.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas aud nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
the roll-call was concluded.
Mr. NYE. I should like to make an inquiry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The roll-call
cannot be interrupted except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
Mr. STEWART. A Senator has a right to
make an inquiry.
Mr. NYE. 1 rise to a question of order. _
Mr. SHERMAN. No question of order is
higher than taking the vote of the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. There are Senators who
have not voted, and the rule requires that they
shall. They must vote.
Mr. NYE. That is the point I was going
to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that it has been repeatedly decided, in
regard to that rule, which is in force in ma.ny
parliamentary bodies, that the only notice
which can be taken of it is to hold members
in contempt after the result is announced.
The roll-call cannot be interrupted to compel
members to vote. It has been tried repeat-
edly in the House of Representatives, and
every Speaker has so ruled where the rule has
repeatedly been attempted to be enforced.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to have
the rule read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule will be
reported; but theroil-call cannot be interrupted
to proceed to its enforcement:
"16. When tbcycas and nays shall beoalled f°ft>y
one fifth of the Senators present, each Senator called
upon shall, unless for special reasons he be excused
bv tho Senate, declare openly and without debate
his assent or dissent to tho question. '
These are rules made by thebody themselves,
and are binding upon the members; but if the
members do not conform to them, it is subse-
quently, after the roll-call, for the Senate or
any parliamentary body to decide upon the
violation of its rules.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move that the
rule be enforced in this case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not m order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itcannotbe done
now. The roll-call cannot be interrupted.
Mr. TIPTON. I ask for the announcement
of the vote. „
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the roll.
The result was announced—yeas 27, nays Zo;
as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham, Car-
penter,Cole, Corbett,, Cragin Edmunds, terry,11am-
lim, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine Morrill, ot
Vermont, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, B?bert-
son, Ross, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Xipton,
Warner, and Willey—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Chandler, Drake, Fen-
toil, Flanagan, Fowler, Hamilton of Texas, Harris,
Howard, liowell, McDonald, Morton, .Nye, Osborn,
Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer. Trumbull. Williams. Wilson, and Yates—25.
ABSJSiiT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Brownlow,
Cameron, Casserly, Catteli, Conkling, Davis, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Ilarlaii, Johnston, Lewis,
McCrecry, Norton, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stockton,
Tburman, and Vickers—20.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the title
of the bill so that it will read: "An act relating
to the State of Georgia."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the Northern Pacific
railroad bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Tho motion was agreed to; and the Senate
thereupon, at two o'clock aud fifteen minutes,
(Wednesday morning,) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 20, 1870.
Prayer by Dr. Westward, of Wheeling,
West Virginia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to dispense with
the further reading of the Journal,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itrequires unani-
mous consent. Is there objection?
Mr. McCREERY. I object, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky objects, and the Secretary will
continue the reading.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to state to the Sen-
ator the fact that the Journal is not made up
and cannot be read; but after it is made up it
can be. The session of the Senate continued
so late last nightor this morning that the clerks
have not absolutely had an opportunity to
transcribe their minutes. The Journal can be
read after they have done it. We have not
any Journal to read in fact.
Mr. McCREERY. It can be read as far as
it is made up. It has been considered best, I
believe, that the reading should progress until
members come in in the morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Kentucky objects, and the Journal will be read
as far as it is made up.
'The Secretary continued the reading of the
Journal of yesterday's proceedings.
committee service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ate proceeds with the morning business the
Chair will announce that by the authority of
the Benate conferred upon him yesterday, he
appoints to'fill the vacancy occurring on the
Committee on Claims the Senator from Louis-
iana, Mr. Kellogg.
business 01' committee on commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
take a recess from five o'clock until ball past
seven this evening, for the purpose of consid-
ering to-night bills from the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt whether we should
agree to that now.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think we ought to
agree to it. If the Senator from Massachusetts
will take this subject into consideration I am
sure he will not objcct to my motion. We have
taken recesses on the Georgiabill, and certainly
for more than a week we shall have to listen to
this hash all over again. Every speech that
has been ground out will be ground out again
during that week. But I ask and implore the
Senate to give us one week of business, and
then we will take, and take contentedly, three
or four months of hash ; and to show that I am
in earnest I am willing to work every night this
week as long as the Senate will sit. Anu 1 do
not even ask a quorum upon some of the bills.
I am willing to work to carry on the business.
