1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
however, which I feel it incumbent on me in
ray position to say. I think it is time that the
question of the admission of Virginia was dis-
posed of. The election there was holden six
months or more ago. I think every material
fact connected with that election is before the
Senate of the United States to-day, and that
we are as competent to deal with the question
and dispose of it as we shall be one month or
three months or six months hence. Therefore
I am opposed to all motions to refer or to
postpone the bill. Now is the accepted time,
m my judgment^ to decide this question, and
the duty is now incumbent upon us to close
tjle question, either to admit Virginia or to say
to the people of Virginia what further they must
do to be^ admitted. One thing or the other they
ha.ve a right to demand at our hands.
•Mr. President, I feel that I ought to repel
the insinuation made in this Chamber that
those of us who are urging the admission of
Virginia are any less devoted to the cause of
human rights, any less earnest in our desire to
protect the people of all classes in Virginia
and elsewhere, than those who are opposing
her admission. My devotion to the cause of
universal liberty has been too long, too stead-
fast, in my humble judgment too consistent,
to -be questioned even by the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts. I feel so con-
fident of it that I dare follow my own convic-
tions of what is right and best on this question,
regardless of any hostile criticism.
It is because I am thus earnest for the pro-
tection and well-being of all the people of
Virginia that I am for her admission. It is
because I believe her interests will be thereby
best protected and best preserved. Why, sir,
for five years the State of Virginia has been in
her present condition, and yet the Govern-
ment of the United States has failed to give
that protection to life and property which we
all hold so dear. I think Wendell Phillips
is right when he says that the great crime of
this Government is that it fails to protect its
citizens. It has been true, and it is true per-
haps to-day, that loyal men have been perse-
cuted in the State of Virginia. It is true that
perhaps in many districts there as elsewhere
loyal men may be murdered with impunity:
that black men may be shot with as much
impunity as you would shoot blackbirds.
Sir, I am tired of waiting for the correction
of these evils by the hand of the General Gov-
ernment. It is because I believe that protec-
tion now will be better afforded thereby to the
people of Virginia of all colors and all classes
that I advocate her admission. I do it upon
the ground of public policy, and I may also say
that I do it upon the narrower ground of par-
tisan policy. I believe this course is the wisest
and best for the Republican party of Virginia,
for the loyal party of that State. If Virginia
be promptly admitted now I shall look to them
when wise counsels shall prevail, and when
they shall put aside their personal preferences,
their personal interests, and their personal am-
bition for the good of the great cause, to see
Ropublican principles and Republican men tri-
umphant in the State of Virginia.
But we have heard a great deal said here
about Governor Walker, of Virginia. I do not
know his record further than that he has de-
clared himself in favor of the fifteenth amend-
ment ; but I ask, admitting that he be a Demo-
crat, are we prepared to exclude Virginia for
that reason ? If my recollection is correct, there
was in the State of Ohio a little while ago a
Democratic Governor who was called, as the
Governor of Virginia is called, a copperhead.
Was that any reason for excluding Ohio? I
■ do not think, even admitting that Governor
Walker is a Democrat, that that affords a rea-
son for excluding the State of Virginia or deny-
ing her her representation.
Sir, we have the same power to afford the
people of Virginia protection after her admis-
sion that we have now, upon the doctrine of
the Senator from Indiana. [Mr. Mortox,] con-
curred in by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Stjmmk,] that we still have control over
these reconstructed States, or upon the broader
ground that the Congress of the United States
have the right to deal with any State which
shall go into rebellion, which shall subvert her
constitution or infringe the Constitution of the
United States. Upon either of these grounds
we shall still have the right to deal with the
State of Virginia. If we admit her it is upon
the faith of the constitution she has made, be-
cause that constitution is, in our judgment,
republican in form, in compliance with the Con-
stitution of the United States and with the laws
we have passed. If she tramples down a por-
tion of that constitution then it becomes ample
and sufficient reason for us to deal with her.
The testimony of a Mr. Porter has been
quoted upon the floor of the Senate as against
the admission of Virginia. Sir, I have been
informed by a Republican son of the State of
Vermont, a soldier in our Army, who fought
gallantly through the war, who went to Virginia
after the war, who has been the champion of
Republicanism and of reconstruction ever since,
and is now a member-elect to the other House,
a man whose republicanism and whose honesty
and integrity are unquestionable, who showed
his devotion to the cause of the country by
fighting four years for it, that the best thing to
be done for loyalty and protection in Virginia
is to admit her now. I put his testimony
against that of Mr. Porter, and upon his judg-
ment, concurring as it does with my own and
with my knowledge of the condition of things
in my own State, I am willing to rest.
I was sorry to hear the distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts say that he feared that
reconstruction was a failure unless we could
rely upon the protecting power of Congress.
Sir, I have more faith in the ideas which un-
derlie reconstruction. I believe that in my
own and many of the other southern States
reconstruction, that is, the doctrines of uni-
versal liberty which underlie it, will stand upon
the basis of public opinion, and that they do
not, and will not in the future, need the pro-
tecting power of Congress. I have full faith
to believe that in my State the public judgment,
the public opinion will testify to the beauty and
utility and beneficence of the great principles
of universal liberty and equality which underlie
and give life and vitality to the Republican
party. I have that faith, and 1 do not believe that
if the Congress of the United States were hos-
tile to us politically it could overturn Republic-
anism in Alabama, because I believe that the
policy of reconstruction, the policy of universal
suffrage, of giving to every citizen of the coun-
try, however ignorant or humble he may be,
the ballot, is approved by the public judgment.
I was also sorry to hear the Senator from
Nebraska [Mr. Thayer] say that the greatques-
tions which underlie the rebellion had not yet
been settled, and that it was even yet doubtful
who would triumph in this great contest. Sir,
it was my fortune first to be under the fire of
rebel lines under the command of the hon-
orable Senator from Nebraska. I remember
well meeting him upon the snowy field of Port
Donelson. Then there was no quailing. His
cheek was unblanched; his voice had the ring
of true courage ; and there was no trembling
in his hand. Throughout the war I followed
him. Now, at this late day, when the flag of
our country floats everywhere from ocean to
ocean, and from the lakes to the gulf, when
the chains have been knocked from every human
being by our bayonets, when their rattle is no
longer heard, when universal suffrage prevails
in all these States and when it is about to pre-
vail in all the country, 1 am surprised to see
my honorable friend from Nebraska hang out
the white flag or express any doubt as to who
is to triumph in this great contest.
Sir, the ideas upon which we fought this war
have already triumphed ; their triumph has
been glorious and complete already, and we
£tre now but finishing the great consummation.
I think the Senator himself, upon reflection,
will not feel any doubt as to who has triumphed
in this great contest. Sir, our triumph-is already
secured. This question of universal suffrage,
the fifteenth amendment, is already secured.
Mark the progress of opinion in this Chamber.
Last winter when, we discussed* the fifteenth
amendment the side of the. Chamber on which
I happen to sit rang with denunciations of uni-
versal suffrage and of the colored man. Has
any Senator heard one word said in this dis-
cussion from this side of the Chamber against
universal suffrage in itself or the fifteenth
amendment in itself and of itself? No, sir;
we have heard denunciation of the manner of
its adoption, but not of the thing itself.. What
does this mark ? It marks the progress of pub-
lic opinion ; it shows that those opposed to us
in political opinion and who have been opposed
in principle to universal suffrage now see that
the public judgment approves and affirms it,
and that it is not party policy longer to oppose
it. That triumph is substantially achieved,
and already all over the country you see the
evidences of general acquiescence in this great
triumph of the universal political equality of
all men.
Mr. HOWE. I begin to have serious appre-
hensions that this debate will not close to-night,
and I understand there is a necessity for an
executive session. I therefore move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we can get a
vote.
Mr. SUMNER. You cannot get a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We shall get a vote if
we hold on to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senate will
not agree to that.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 27, noes 26.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Corbett, Drake. Gilbert, Hamlin,
Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Rico, Robertson, Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Suni-
nor, Thayer, Tipton, and Wilson—28.
NAYS—-Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Casserly, Cole. Conkling, Cragin, Davis,
Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler, Hamilton, Mc-
Donald, Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Pratt,
Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Thurman, Trumbull, Yickers, Warner, Willey,
and Williams—32.
ABSENT — Messrs. Cattell, MeCrcery, Pool,
Sprague. and Yates—5.
So the motion of Mr. Howe wasnotagreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Drake,] to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until the 28th of Feb-
ruary at one o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to suggest to the
Judiciary Committee and to my friend from
Missouri, without taking any time, because I
desire to come to a vote, that my friend from
Missouri should withdraw that motion, and that
my friend from Massachusetts should withdraw
the motion to commit, and let us take a direct
vote upon the pending amendment. If that
shall be adopted there will be one step for-
ward. Then I should propose an amendment,
not to occupy time with debate about it, but
simply to take the sense of the Senate, pro-
viding that the admission of Senators and
Representatives should take effect on the 1st of
March, if you please, and that the other part
of the bill should go into effect immediately.
That will accomplish all that my friend from
Missouri refers to in the way of _ security
against Virginia takiDg back her ratification,
and I think ought to compromise opinions and
produce harmony. That is all I have to say.
