1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
on Patents whether there ought not to be in all
this class of cases a provision that all machines
which hare been constructed in the interval
when there was no protection by patent may
be used or sold?
Mr. MYERS. My answer is that that pro-
vision is already inserted in the bill, as this
patent has expired. The next bill I shall
report is in a case where the patent has not
expired. Here, where the patent has expired,
it is absolutely necessary for the protection of
the public that that provision shall be inserted,
and we are always careful to do it.
Mr. HOAR. My question is, whether there
ought to be not only a provision allowing per-
sons who have obtained these machines to use
them, but also that mechanics who have gone
into the business of constructing these ma-
chines shall be at liberty to dispose of such
machines as they may have built and now have
on hand?
Mr. JENCKES. The provision to which the
gentleman refers wonld be applicable to some
cases, but not to this one where the patent
has expired a few days.
Mr. M YERS. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM MONTSTORM.
Mr. MYERS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, also reported a bill (H. R. No. 1490) for
the relief of William Montstorm; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that Wil-
liam Montstorm shall have leave to make appli-
cation to the Commissioner of Patents for an
extension of letters-patent issued to him for an
improvement in revolving fire-arms for the term
of fourteen years from March 11,1856, and that
the Commissioner shall be authorized to con-
sider and determine said application in the
same manner as if it had been filed ninety days
before the expiration of said patent.
Mr. MYERS. I call the previous question.
The previous qnestion was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a_third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MYEKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
W. H. FARQCDAR JOHN ELGAR.
Mr. MYERS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, also reported back, with a recommend-
ation that the same do pass, House bill No.
622, for the relief of William H. Farquhar.
The bill, which was read, authorizes William
H. Farquhar to apply to the Commissioner of
Patents for a renewal and extension for the
term of seven years from the time of such
renewal and extension of the letters-patent
granted to John Elgar on July 10, 1856, for a
self regulating wind-wheel; the said William
H. Farquhar being thcheirof said John Elgar;
and the Commissioner of Patents is author-
ized to grant such renewal and extension, or to
withhold the same under existing laws, as if
the application had been seasonably made;
provided that such renewal and extension
shall not have the effect or be construed to
restrain persons who may be using the wind-
wheels invented by said Elgar at the time of
the renewal and extension hereby authorized
from continuing to use the same, nor subject
them to any claim for damage for having so
used the same.
Mr. MYERS. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
m&in question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion wa3 agreed to.
TODIAS J. KINDLEBERGKR.
Mr. MYERS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, also reported a bill (H. R. No. 1491) for
the relief of Tobias J. Kindleberger; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes Tobias
J. Kindleberger, or his assigns, to make appli-
cation to the Commissioner of Patents for
extension of letters-patent for improvement in
cider-mills, issued to said Kindleberger for
fourteen years from May 29, 1855, and reis-
sued August 24, 1866 ; and that the Commis-
sioner of Patents shall be authorized to con-
sider and determine said application in the
same manner as if it had been filed ninety days
before the expiration of said patent.
Mr. MYERS. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOnN YOUNG.
Mr. CALKIN, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1492) for the
relief of John Young; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes John Young
to apply to the Commissioner of Patents for
the extension for a further term of seven years
of his letters-patent for an improved washing
and wringing machine, originally granted Sep-
tember 19,1848, and reissued in two divisions,
dated January 6,1863, and numbered respect-
ively 1384 and 1385, in the same manner as if
the patent had not been once already extended;
and the Commissioner is authorized to proceed
upon, determine, and decide such application
upon the same evidence and in the same man-
ner as in other cases of applications for exten-
sion of patents. The application for the ex-
tension is to be made within thirty days after
the passage of this act; and no person is to be
held responsible in damages for the manufac-
ture of articles containing such improvement
between the expiration of the letters-patent
and the approval of thiB act.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. As
this bill proceeds upon a different principle
from the others, I hope the report will be read,
and that some reason will be given for the
passage of the measure.
Mr. CALKTN. Let the report be read.
The Clerk read the report. It states that the
patent was obtained in 1848, and embraced the
application of vulcanized rubber to the rollers
of washing aud wringing machines; but it was
not until 1861 or 1862 that the Goodyear pat-
entees furnished rubber that would stand the
test to which Mr. Young's patent subjected it,
immersion under pressure in bot suds. Hence
the original term of the patent was nearly or
quite unremunerative to the inventor. So
clearly was the valne of the invention and the
insufficiency of the return to the inventor shown
to the Commissioner of Patents, that in 18G2 the
patent was extended ; but Mr. Young's neces-
sities and his inability to meet the litigation
which eventually resulted in sustaining the
validity of his patent, compelled him to part
with his interest in the extended term for a
small sum. Mr. Young has not received from
the patent so much as he could have earned as
a mechanic on wages during the time he lias
been engaged in perfecting the patent.
The committee farther state that the price
of wringing and washing-machines is largely
controlled by other patents than Mr. Young's,
so that the extension of this patent would not
materially enhance the price of such machines
to the public. The invention being one of
very great general utility, and Mr. Youngnever
having realized from it any adequate compen-
sation, the committee recommend the passage
of the bill authorizing an application with a
view to a further extension.
_ Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
simply wish to call attention to the fact that
this is a patent that has already run twenty-
one years and is in general use. The only
question is whether the committee propose to
adopt the principle of allowing patents to be
extended so as to run twenty-eight years. I
see that this application is supported by the
reason usual in such cases; that is, the pov-
erty of the inventor. I presume that during the
last twenty years there has not been reported
to this House a single bill for the extension of
a patent that has not been urged upon the
ground of the necessities of the applicant.
I do not feel any special interest in this mat-
ter ; and I do not propose to make any special
effort in opposing the bill. I only desire that
the House shall recognize the general question
involved in this case. The machine to which
the patent applies is one that has already gone
into general use; almost every family through-
out the country uses these washing-machines.
The question is whether we shall in this case
recognize the new principle of allowing to a
patentee an extension of seven years in addi-
tion to the twenty-one. In all the other cases
on which we have acted, with, 1 believe, the
exception of one, we have allowed the appli-
cant an extension for only twenty-one years.
The patent of Mr. Young, I understand, has
already run twenty-one years ; and the question
is now whether we shall extend it for seven
more.
Mr. CALKIN. The committee are aware
of that fact, and they are also aware of the
poverty of the applicant. As the report states,
lie lost twelve years of the term of his patent
in consequence of not being able to obtain
properly prepared vulcanized rubber for use
in his machine. On that ground particularly
the committee urge the passage of this bill.
Unless some gentleman desires to make some
inquiry, I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; end under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CALKIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS OF JONATHAN HAINES.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 1146 for the re-
lief of the heirs of Jonathan Haines, deceased,
with a substitute.
Mr. TANNER. I hope the gentleman from
California will withdraw this report until next
private bill day. I am in communication with
a gentleman on the subject of harvesters, who
informs me there are grounds of objection to
this bill. I am not in possession of the facts,
but I wish to obtain them and lay them before
the House.
