4718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
called upon to make oath to their income.
Probably there are those who make oath to
false incomes, thereby to avoid taxation ; for
that reason it is demoralizing.
The fact that a man has to make a fairshow-
ing tokeep up his head in business induces him
to make a false return, perhaps for his own
salvation; therefore it is demoralizing to him ;
he perhaps will not swear to it. He may say,
" This is as near as I can come to it, but I will
not swear to it." Still he has been dishonest
in returning an income where he had none.
On the contrary, another man says, "I do not
know anything about my income; I do not
keep any books." That is the favorite way of
escaping. A man will say that to the assessor,
and add, "Make it up yourself." If he makes
it up so that it does not amount to more, and
probably to much less than his income, he
accepts it; but if it does amount to more than
his income he swears it off. If it amounts to
a great deal less money he says nothing about
it. In either case it is dishonest; and I believe
that this tax leads to more dishonesty than any
other tax or any system of taxation that has
ever been adopted.
Mr. President, believing as I do that the
income of the Government will be sufficient
without this tax, even if none of the other taxes
were continued, I shall vote against reonacting
this law. I see no necessity for it. I cannot
see, even from the showing of the Senator who
is at the head of the Finance Committee, that
there is any real necessity for it. It may be
unwise to calculate so closely as $12,000,000
a year, and my calculation allows only a sur-
plus of ยง12,000,000 to pay off the bonds, in
addition to the $25,000,000 pledged to be put
aside for the sinking fund of one percent, on
the whole debt of the United States. That is
quite enough, it seems to me, for this present
generation to bear. I have no fears in regard
to continuing our debt beyond the present gen-
eration. I should be very glad to carry over
ยง1,000,000,000 of the debt to another genera-
tion. I think we shall have done our part when
we pay one half of it. I think there is no neces-
sity for insisting upon this generation paying
it all. It creates no distrust to carry a part of
it over; but I think it will really be for the
benefit of the country to continue to the next
generation the payment of $1,000,000,000 of
the national debt. When that time comes we
shall have reduced the rate of interest to four
per cent., so that we shall only have to pay
$40,000,000 a year. That will be no great bur-
den upona Government which is now receiving
a gold income of from one hundred and fifty to
two hundred million dollars, and which will
then have reached probably two hundred and
fifty or three hundred million dollars from
imports alone.
This form of debt of the United States Gov-
ernment is a favorite form for the investment
of money belonging to heirs, belonging to chil-
dren who have not arrived at an age sufficient
to take care of their own property, and whose
guardians do not wish to take any risks. With
them the United States securities are the high-
est form of securities, and they naturally in-
vest in our bonds because they receive their
interest without any trouble. One thousand
million dollars of bonds are absolutely neces-
sary for the investment of these funds.
Why should we attempt to pay off the entire
debt within our own generation ? The system
of Alexander Hamilton, to pay off a debt within
the generation by which it was created, may
have been wise in those days, when our income
was very limited and population small; but
with a country increasing so rapidly in popu-
lation as ours, with people coining from all
portions of the globe, settling in the United
States and taking up our public lands, given
them as a gratuity, and who will eventually,
by reason of taking these lands, become com-
paratively wealthy, why not provide for those
people paying a portion of the tax necessary
to discharge the debt? It seems to me that it
is only proper and just; it is wise that they
should.
Mr. President, I have stated thus briefly the
points that have occurred to me in connection
with this question, and of which I have taken
note as the Senator from Ohio proceeded to
give us his views on this bill. I have not taken
any pains to gather statistics to sustain me upon
this question, but have relied upon the figures
contained in his own statements. It seems to
me that it is obvious, that the case is very clear,
that there cannot be any hesitation as to the
repeal of the income tax. I therefore submit
the question to the Senate, and I shall vote
against the renewal of the tax.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Svkn-
oer in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment reported by the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Tliequestiou is on strik-
ing out section live.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion is
pending to strike out the two sections num-
bered five and six ; but the motion which has
priority is the motion of the Committee ou
Finance, to amend section six by inserting the
words, from lines thirteen to sixteen, " except
that portion tliereoffrom which, under authority
of acts of Congress previous hereto, a tax of
five per cent, shall have been withheld/'
Mr. SHERMAN. It was understood wo
should vote on striking out.
Mr. WILLIAMS, it was understood that
the question should be taken first ou the mo-
tion to strike out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question,
then, is on striking out these two sections.
Mr. SCOTT addressed the Senate in remarks
which, when concluded, will be published in
the Appendix ; but before concluding,
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will allow me, I will ask, what is the
order for this evening?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent, the Southern Pacific railroad bill ia
the order of business for this evening, which
interrupts the pending bill, by order of the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to make
any contest about it this evening; but I will
ask that this bill shall be the unfinished busi-
ness for to-morrow at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tlje Senator
from Ohio, in pursuance of an arrangement
made with the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Howaiid] when this Southern Pacific railroad
bill was made the special order, asks that this
bill shall be the unfinished business to-night.
The Senator from Michigan stated that he
would not antagonize the Southern Pacific
railroad bill against the bill now pending, and
it will be regarded as the unfinished business.
Mr. CONKLING. At the end of the even-
ing session?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir. The
evening session will be devoted to the South-
ern Pacific railroad bill, the Senate adjourning
upon the tax bill. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania does not care to resume the floor now,
it is so near the hour for the recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania surrenders thefloor until to-mor-
row.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to have the floor
when this subject is resumed again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the
understanding.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CRAGIN submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1533) making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1S71: which
was referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Maine desires an order to be entered for the
printingof the bill (II. R.TSTo. 2104) providing
for refunding the interest paid by the State of
Massachusetts on money- expended by heron
account of the war of 1812 to 1815. It ther^
be no objection the order will be made.
OCE IN STEAMSHIP SERVICE.
Mr. POMEIIOY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested,if lie deem it expedient, to transmit to
thoSenato any communication and proposals tie may
have received from any company or citizens of the
United States lor constructing and placing iron
steamships tar Inmsatlanticserviee by which Amer-
ican mails may be safely and quickly conveyed to
European countries, and aid be afforded in recov-
ering our foreign eomineree.
UUI.Ii OF PK0015UDING.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider tho vote of tho Senate this morn-
ing. repealing the rules adopted on the 10th of
March last..
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will be entered. If there be no
further business, and if there be no objection,
the Chair will regard the hour of half past-four
o'clock as having arrived : and the Senate now
takes a recess until half past seven o'clock,
the evening session being for the consideration
of the Southern Pacific railroad bill.
The Senate accordingly, at twenty-six min-
utes past four o'clock, took a recess until half
past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
southern pacific railroad.
The - PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
hoy in the chair.) The hour to which the Sen-
ale took a recess lias arrived, and the Southern
Pacific railroad bill is before the Senate.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am afraid it will be some
time before the Senate collect in sufficient
numbers to consider a bill of so much import-
ance as that; and as I propose to leave the
city shortly, I desire the Senate to do me the
favor to consider the Duluth harbor bill .this
evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No bill ex-
cept tho Southern Pacific railroad bill can be
proceeded with except by unanimous consent.
Mr. DRAKE. I take it that probably all
of us propose to leave the city shortly.
Mr. RAMSEY. I a little sooner than others.
Mr. DRAKE. I have a little bill which I
should like to have considered.
Mr. 1IO WARD. I call for the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senatorfrom Minnesota claim the floor?
Mr. RAMSEY. I claim the floor lor the
purpose of appealing to the Senator from
Michigan to grant me this favor.
Mr. ROSS. I believe I addressed the Chair
first after the announcement of the opening of
the evening session.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose that the bill to
which the Senator from Minnesota refers will
necessarily lead to debate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think not.
Mr. HOWARD. I am satisfied it will take
time, and I think we had better proceed with
the regular order.
Mr. ROSS. 1 rise to a point of order
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas rises to a poiut of order, which
he will state.
Mr. ROSS. I question whether I did not
address the Chair first after the announcement
of the ODening of the evening session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
recognized the voice of the Senator from .Min-
nesota first. Ho did not know for what pur-
pose the Senator rose; but ho first addressed
the Chair.
