5662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
transfer their own ships to their agents, part-
ners, and relatives here, and thus really carry
on their commerce for their own advantage,
although under our flag, as they did before the
war just announnced.
Commerce, Mr. Speaker, does not consist
merely in owning the bottoms in which goods
are transported. Commerce consistsin conduct-
ing exchanges and in controlling the organiza-
tion by which exchanges are conducted. If
war breaks out commerce will desert the French
and German lines which now carry on so
much of the trade with Europe, and seek
the security of neutral flags; and it will not be
a week before you will find American ships,
now lying idle, on the berth ready to carry
on this trade. But pass the resolution of the
minority, and these same foreign steamships
will be transferred in a few days to some agent
or friend of the owners, and, advertised as
American lines, will continue to carry goods
and passengers as before. And they will be
conducted by the same organizations as now,
with the same agencies as now, drawing the
same profits here and abroad for the pockets
of the same foreigners as before, the only dif-
ference being that they will in that event fly
the American flag instead of the French or
the German colors.
No, Mr. Speaker, this is a great opportunity
for American ship-owners to seize once more
on the trade of the Atlantic, if we will only
permit them to enjoy it. When it shall be
found that the American ships which will be
forthcoming are not sufficient to do the traffic
whifch may offer, it will be time then to afford
some opportunity to bring foreign ships under
our flag, properly guarded so as to protect the
rights of our ship-owners and builders.
But now on a mere report of war, at most
likely to be a short war, to adopt an unqual-
ified resolution to allow foreign ships to be
transferred to our flag seems to me to be alike
destructive of the industry and of thebonajide
trade of the country. I tell the House 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch.]
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, the ship-owners
and ship-builders of the country were crushed
out during the rebellion, and during the last
four years they have been knocking at the
doors of Congress asking for relief; asking
to be placed on the same footing that foreign
ship-owners and ship-builders are placed; ask-
ing the same protection that is accorded to
other American interests and industries. This
has been refused them. .And now, here, on
(lie last day of the session, instead of giving
them the relief they have asked at our hands,
and that the country has demanded should be
given to them, we have a proposition brought
m here in the exciting hours of an expiring
session by the Committee of Ways and Means,
which, if it were not for the prestige given it
by the chairman of that committee and the
peculiar circumstances surrounding it, would
not receive five votes in this House.
Now, sir, what is this proposition thus sub-
mitted to us, and which we are now asked to
pass upon ? Not a measure to relieve Ameri-
can commerce and American shipping, but to
increase tbe burdens under which these in-
terests are now staggering, to increase still
further the discrimination against American
ship-owners and ship-builders. It says to the
American ship-owner, you shall pay from forty
Kj sixty per cent, duty upon all material used
in constructing your vessels, whilevessels built
by foreign mechanics, by foreign ship-build-
ers, shall come in free of all duty. The avowed
object of this extraordinary measure is to in-
crease our merchant marine by drawing from
i,hat of other nations whose flag during the
anticipated European struggle would afford
less protection than oar own.
But, sir, should the resolution pass, the re-
sult would not be to increase real American
tonnage to any considerable extent, but rather
to place an immense amount of foreign ton-
nage under nominal American ownership, in
a position to enjoy all the benefits and advan-
tages of our flag during a European war, while
the real ownership of this tonnage would not
be changed. This shipping thus brought in
would compete with that really owned by
American citizens, depriving it of all the ad-
vantages which ought to inure to it under
such circumstances.
Having suffered all the disadvantages result-
ing from our own war, it is proposed now that
all the advantages to be derived from a war in
Europe shall be denied them, but shall be
given to the foreign ship-builder and ship-
owner. This would, indeed, be the crowning
act of folly and injustice. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allisox] says all our ship-yards
would be active in case of a European war,
and the liberty to purchase ships under this
bill would not affect them unfavorably. What
folly to anticipate such results. How could a
single American ship be built under a policy
that obliges the American builder to pay a duty
of from forty to sixty per cent, upon his mate-
rial, while the ship all built, built, too, in a for-
eign country with cheap labor, is allowed to
come in free of duty? Pass this bill, and you
close every ship-yard and every marine engine-
shop in the country, and proclaim to the Amer-
ican mechanic that you prefer that our labor
shall be done in Europe, and are willing to pay
a premium for having it done there, rather than
on our own shores by our own mechanics. The
Committee of Ways and Means have hereto-
fore provided for protecting many branches
of American industry, I think to an unreason-
able extent. Free-traders are generally in favor
of incidental protection to our own citizens,
but this proposition of the minority of the
committee oppresses this most important na-
tional interest by a deliberate and positive dis-
crimination of from forty to sixty per cent, in
favor of the foreign competing interests. Why
this discrimination against American mechan-
ics, against the men who built our naval and
merchant marine, and whose skill and genius
have placed us in the very foremost rank of
maritime nations? Why is there no prevision
in this resolution allowing the material for
ships to corae in on as favorable terms as the
ship all finished may come in at? Why, when
every ship now sailing under the American
flag is built of material which has paid from
forty to sixty per cent, duty, is the cheap for-
eign-built and foreign-owned ship to be ad-
mitted free of all duty? Are we legislating
for foreign or American interests?
Sir, the policy of excluding foreign-built
ships from American registry, -which we are
asked thus hastily to repeal, is as old as the
Government itself, having been established at
its very foundation. It is the policy under
which we attained our greatest commercial
prosperity; and the times whence derived the
greatest advantages from it, the very harvest
time of American ocean commerce, has been
when the great Powers of Europe have been
at war with each other. Now is the golden
opportunity. Give us now free material; give
encouragement and protection to our naviga-
tion interests, and every ship-yard in the coun-
try will resound'with the music of prosperous
industry, and we shall soon regain all we have
lost. But, sir, pass the resolution submitted
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and the finishing stroke will be
given to American ship-building and American
shipping. Never was such a proposition as
that now under consideration submitted under
such circumstances to any legislative body, and
if it should pass the American Congress the
people ought to drive those who pass it from
their seats here; and they will do so.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR. . 1 now yield to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] for three minutes.
Mr. COX. Three minutes is but a short
tira|jin which to express what I believe to be
theTaews of the better part of this country to-
day. I do not care what your President says,
"ay" or "no;" his voice has lost its emphasis
in this House, for his own friends denounce
him. I speak now in the interest of a great
nation ready to seize the opportunity of an in-
ternational war in Europe. That war may have
reached almost continental proportions to-day.
Mr. DICKEY. Has the gentleman received
private dispatches from Europe that the rest
of us know nothing about?
Mr. COX. If there is no war, all the more
in the interest of the Prince of Peace, and ot
the God who watches over men. I hope there
is no war. But if there be warlet us as a com-
mercial -nation 
Mr. PETERS. Stick to our flag.
Mr. COX. Stick to our flag and to what
we did during the Crimean war, make what
we, can, as a commercial Power, out of the
troubles of Europe. We made from twenty to
thirty million dollars during the Crimean war,
because we had the shipping, we had the skill,
we had the daring to do the carrying trade ; to
bring our grain from Illinois and Iowa to the
sea-board, and to carry it from there to where
it would be consumed by European nations.
Mr. PETERS. In American bottoms.
Mr. COX. I do not care in what bottoms,
so long as our western farmers get the benefit
of a better market for their products. My
friend from Maine [Mr. Peters] knows very
well that ship-building is a very small business
in one sense.
Mr. PETERS. It is a large business to us.
Mr. MAYNARD. We builtmore ships dur-
ing the Crimean war than before or since dur-
ing the same length of time.
Mr. COX. I have in my district more steve-
dores, cartmen, truckmen, and men connected
with foreign commerce, without regard to own-
ership, than there are ship-builders in any other
district, even in Maine. I have some regard
for those people, and must represent them.
Mr. PETERS. You must have repeaters
there, to have so many<ef them.
Mr. COX. We are always ready to repeat
our votes for the prosperity of the country.
The man who will not do that is not a Dem-
ocrat or a Republican, and I hope his name is
not " Peters." [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to say in reply to the
gentleman who has just taken his seat, [Mr.
Cox,] and who says that the President has
been denounced here by his friends—I desire
to repel that insinuation. I hold myself to be
a friend of the President, and a supporter of
his administration, as much so as any gentleman
on this floor. And I know that my colleague!
on the Committee of Ways and Means, at least
those of the party to which I belong, who have
agreed to this majority report, are of the same
way of thinking.
The President in his message has proposed
nothing to us except the simple question whether
it is better that Congress should extend its ses-
sion for the purpose of considering this subject.
The very fact that he proposed there should be
an extension of our session admitted that it
was impossible that we should properly discuss
this question in the few remaining hours of
this session. The majority of the Committee
of Ways and Means have submitted no propo-
sition upon the merits of this question. We
have simply said that under existing circum-
stances we decline to take it up for consider-
ation ; that we prefer to leave it where it is until
the way is plain before us. In saying that we
say nothing derogatory to the President, neither
do we slight his message in any way. As far
as possible is that idea from our minds.
Having said this much, I now call the pre-
vious question on the resolution and substitute.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to lay both
the minority and the majority reports on the
