3774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
ism of a free people. His words electrified
the civilized world, and for a long time Amer-
ican honor lived on that tradition alone through-
out all lands. That tradition has expired and
been lost to us in these days of modern degen-
eracy. If, then, I have for a moment aroused
the attention of the House and the country to
the necessity of a change in our foreign policy,
so that we shall not only protect our ministers
abroad, but also our private citizens, I will
have accomplished the object I had in view.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Chairman, it does not
surprise me to see gentlemen on the other side
of the House, when they think they can make
a point against a Republican Administration,
grow warm and eloquent and violent in their
denunciation of the Government, which they
insist is not taking care of its citizens on for-
eign soil; but I should have a little more con-
fidence in the sincerity of their love for Amer-
ican citizens, and might be inclined to look
upon this effervescence of patriotic indignation
as something beside political claptrap, if I did
not know that in most if not all of the late
rebel States for the last two or three years
American citizens have been shot down, not
by twos or fives or tens or scores only, but by
hundreds, and no voice of gentlemen on that
side of the House has been heard in denun-
ciation of such murders. No, sir; the gentle-
men on that side of the House have no indig-
nation to express, no eloquence to expend
in denunciations, when loyal American citi-
zens are murdered at home for the crime of
being Republicans. But when they can find
the case of one, two, three, or half a dozen
American citizens, who have gone on expedi-
tions to foreign soil and violated the laws of
other Governments, and who have been visited
only with the penalty denounced for violation
of those laws, then they come here and hurl
their fierce words against a Republican Admin-
istration, charging that it is false to the rights
of the American people because it does not at
once use all the military and naval force of the
Republic in avenging what they are pleased to
call these insults to our flag and these invasions
of the rights of American citizens.
Mr. CONNER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. WILLARD. 1 do not yield. I remem-
ber further—and it is in the memory of all the
members of this House—when American citi-
zens were shot down in cold blood by day and
by night all over the plains of Kansas. And
whenever a Republican newspaper or a Repub-
lican speaker denounced those cold-blooded
murders by the border ruffians, who then rode
on their mission of murder through that battle-
ground of freedom, we were told by Democratic
presses and Democratic politicians that these
stories were all manufactured for political
effect. Now, sir, where one American citizen,
in violation of any American rights, has suf-
fered on a foreign soil, one hundred or one
thousand American citizens, as good American
citizens as the gentleman from Indiana or my-
self, have been shot down at home, for no
offense except that they believed in a Govern-
ment of the people and acted with the party
that holds that doctrine as one article of its
faith. Elections have been carried in south-
ern States by terrorism and violence and whole-
Bale murders, and men have came here with
their certificates of election almost dripping
with the blood of such murdered citizens.
But it has not been my fortune to hear the
voice of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Voorhees,] or of any other gentleman on that
side of the House in this Hall, insisting that the
death of these American citizens, shot down
on American soil, under the protection of the
American flag, for daring to exercise the Amer-
ican's right to the ballot, should be avenged
by the whole power of the American Govern-
ment. Yet the gentlemen raise their voice
here in the loftiest and most impassioned tones
of denunciation and invective, and in derision
speak of the gentleman who has charge under
this Administration of the conduct of our for-
eign affairs as "the dead Secretary of State,"
because he does not, at their demand, at once
insist on redress from Spain and Englaud for
the wrougs which they assert a dozen American
citizens have suffered at the hands of these
Governments.
Sir, the appeals of these gentlemen in be-
half of people struggling for freedom elsewhere
and for the rights of American citizens abroad
would come nearer to my heart, would com-
mand more of my sympathy, if I saw them
standing by law and order here ; if I saw them
asserting the rights of all American citizens at
home ; if I saw them defending the purity of
the ballot-box, by which alone the people can
be secure in their rights ; if I saw them insist-
ing in our own country upon the principles of
republican government and the doctrine of
liberty and equal rights for all who have made
their home in our borders.
I yield the balance of my time to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Air, Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I was exceedingly sorry that my friend from
Indiana [Mr. V oorhees] permitted himself,
perhaps in the heat of debate, to use the words
he did in his reply to me. I distinctly dis-
avowed, when I rose to make the few remarks
which I addressed to the committee, any pur-
pose of saying anything that touched the Cuban
question. I stated that my purpose in rising
was simply to throw some light on the veracity
of the writer of the article which was read, or
at least the party who gave those statements
publicity through the columns of the Tribune.
I stated some facts, and I stated among other
things that a dear friend of mine, a gallant
officer in our late Army, had died in that gen-
tleman's house, and that, though his effects
were there, whatever may have been the me-
mentoes he left, or the last words he uttered,
that individual had given no sign, though ap-
pealed to in the most touching manner by eight
or ten addresses from the bereaved family. I
stated that no reply whatever had been given
them. I stated that; and yet the gentleman
from Indiana so far forgets himself as to rep-
resent me as being like the man who called
"beef" through the revolutionary army, stat-
ing that 1 was here after effects while Ameri-
can citizens were dying. I hope that the gen-
tleman from Indiana, by alluding in such a
way to those who fought gallantly in our Army
will not compel us to conclude that for them
he has no sympathy, and that all his sympa-
thies are reserved for those of our citizens'who
fall into trouble a long way off.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX obtained the floor.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman yield to
me for two minutes?
Mr. COX. I cannot yield to the gentleman
if it has to come out of my time, for the whole
debate on this question must now be closed in
five minutes. We have had a very curious
debate. And, as usual in such debates, we
have had a good deal of truth told by gentle -
men on the other side about their failures to
carry on the Administration. I was right when
I spoke the other day of the Navy being the
weakest part of this weakest of all Administra-
tions that we have had since the Government
began. Bat, from what gjentleman have been
saying to-day, I would infer that the State
Department had not even strength enough to
be weak. It has been represented as dead,
effete, utterly gone, having no power to pro-
tect either the black man or the white man at
home or abroad, wherever the rights of Ameri-
can citizens are involved.
And I believe, Mr. Chairman, the country is
coming to the conclusion that this whole ad-
ministration under General Grant is an utter
and conspicuous failure. What did he say
when he sent us his message at the beginning
of this session? These weak words: "The
United States have no disposition to interfere
with the existing relations of Spain to her colo-
nial possessions upon this continent. They
believe that in due time Spain and other Eu-
ropean Powers will find it their interest" to do
so and so. That is your President, and you
have acted in correspondence with his views.
Much as has been said by the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs and other gen-
tlemen, they have produced nothing from their
committee as yet which shows that their hearts,
their minds, or their patriotism are bound up
with sympathy to be extended to the struggling
people of other nations, and especially those
upon our own continent.
What did the gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Wilkinson] say a moment ago? Why,
when an attempt was made to send some of
our naval forces to Cuba, he said all the vessels
that were to have been sent there were sent to
San Domingo. Why? Because, as you know,
as the gentleman from Massachusetts knows,
and as the Senate knows, San Domingo is a
great job. They know that when we get San
Domingo and pay our money for it we get a
mere shell. They know, at least they would
find it out if they would inquire at the State
Department, that all the franchises of coal and
copper, of colonization, of railroads and lands,
and of national debt are granted beforehand
to a peculiar set of jobbers. It only illustrates
what we have charged on this floor again and
again, that the whole Administration here is
run by land jobbers, by foreign jobbers, by
tariff jobbers, by railroad jobbers. The whole
Government has got to be a jobbing concern
from one end to the other, and it will only be
restored when the old Democratic party, of
which you, Mr. Chairman, were once an hon-
ored member, shall come back into power.
[Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed on the
pending amendment.
The question was taken on the motion to
strike out the paragraph; and it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. WILLARD. I move to amend the par-
agraph by inserting after the word "Nantes,"
and before "Oporto," the word "Odessa."
I suppose, debate having been closed, the
committee will not allow me to have read the
letter to which I referred a while ago.
Mr. KELSEY. Oh, no.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was disagreed to.
Mr. AMBLER. I move to amend in line
sixty-four, bystrikingoutthe word "Lahayna."
It is an entirely useless consulate.
Mr. KELSEY. I hope that amendment will
p revail.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. In line fifty-
nine I move to strike out the word " Coati-
cook." I think that must be a typographical
error. There is no such place as that in the
world that I know of.
Mr. BENTON. Ob, yes; there is.
Mr. BRO&KS, of New York. Where is it?
Somebody ought to be able to tell us where it is.
Mr. BENTON. It is in Canada.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was disagreed to—ayes twenty, noes not
counted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. In line sev-
enty-six I move to strike out the word " Tun-
stallthere are two Tunstalls provided for
in this paragraph. Now, there are five Tun-
stalls in England, and I want to know which
of them these are.
Mr. KELSEY. Tunstall is in the British
dominions.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I know that;
but there are five Tunstalls in the British
dominions, and which one do you mean?
Mr. KELSEY. I do not know which one
of them it refers to ; I took it from the docu-
ment furnished to me.
The question was taken on the amendment j
and it was disagreed to—ayes thirteen, noes
not counted.
