1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
Mr. CONKLING. That is the argument,
then, that we are to pass an act to take effect
now as to everything except seating her Sen-
ators ; the Legislature is to qualify, the whole
thing is to become a fact accomplished, except
that Senators will not be here; and then if
she attempts to withdraw we can repeal the
act! T think that is rather a mild dilution and
not an improved version of the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You do not state it as
I did.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator says I do
not state it as he stated it. I state it as nearly
as I apprehend it: that we are to adopt and
inscribe upon the statute-book an act which is
to take effect at once in every respect save one.
In one respect its effect is to be postponed to
a. day certain. Before the arrival of that day
Virginia goes wrong or comes short, and the
Senator says by a repeal of the act we could
undo what we have done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, if my friend will
permit me to set him right there, if he will look
at the act, he will see that it provides only two
things, the first two lines declaring that Vir-
ginia is entitled to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States. That is all there
is of the first clause, which I propose not to
have take effect until the 1st of March. All the
rest merely provides that the persons who are
to compose that government shall take a cer-
tain oath if they please, and if they do not
choose to take it their offices shall be vacated
at the end of thirty days. So my friend will see
that we are not providing that Virginia shall be
a State to all intents and purposes, clothed
with all rights and powers, until that time;
but all that we say about Virginia in the act,
he will see, is that she is entitled to represent-
ation. Now, if we declare that we will post-
pone, saying that until a given day, the 1st of
March, and mean time she should undertake
to exercise any act of treachery, we should
certainly have her in our power.
Mr. CONKLING. We do not by any con-
struction say that on the 1st of March Vir-
ginia will be entitled to representation. On
the contrary, we say, speaking now, that Vir-
ginia is entitled to representation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. An act does not speak
at all; it takes effect.
Mr. CONKLING. I am aware of that; but
we say that now Virginia is entitled to repre-
sentation. Then we say that what we have
thus put into law in the present shall not take
effect until the 1st of March, and we say that
at once, paradoxical as it may be, the Legis-
lature of Virginia and its members and the
other State officers shall proceed just as they
would do without a postponement; they shall
take the oath ; they shall qualify ; they shall
go on to legislate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; it does not say that.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, I say to the Senator,
although he shakes bis head, because unless we
prohibit it obviously it carries that inference,
that they are to go on and act as a Legisla-
ture; but we postpone formal recognition until
the 1st of March. That is what it comes to.
Now, I say that in the mean time, everything
having occurred except the appearance and
qualifications of representatives in the two
Houses, when we come to repeal the act and
putVirginiaback, in consequence of something
that she may do, we are asserting, I submit,
the very same power, in a somewhat round-
about and bungling way, which the Senate, by
a great majority, has denied in the case of
other amendments having this same purpose
in view.
If it be true that it is not safe to admit Vir-
ginia now or until the 1st of March, why not
say so, either by postponing the consideration
of the bill until that time'or by legislation
which shall not take effect until then? That
is tangible ; that is ordinary ; that, if it were
supported by sufficient reasons, would be un-
objectionable ; but, I submit, it would bo very
singular to declare that Virginia is to-day enti-
tled to representation, to declare in the present
a determination of the very highest question
of privilege, and then to say that the act should
not take effect in that regard until the 1st of
March; and if, in the mean time, something
else should happen, we intended, before the
1st;of March came, to expunge it altogether.
If there be a good end to be attained here, I
submit it can be much more simply, much more
naturally, and much more defensibly attained
in other ways.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Move an amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. A mere motion to post-
pone the bill would accomplish the object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Make that motion.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; T do not pro-
pose to do so.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to vote against
this amendment. I am ready and anxious to
put in this bill admitting Virginia the preamble
offered by the Senator from Indiana, and also
another provision guarding against any amend-
ment of the constitution proposing to take away
the rights and privileges of the p.eople secured
by the present constitution of Virginia. I
voted for the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, applying the oath. I think
these provisions are guards, securities, apply-
ing not only to the present Legislature of Vir-
ginia, but to coining Legislatures. But I do not
believe there are a dozen men in the Legislature
of Virginia who ever dreamed of withdrawing
the assent of the State to the fifteenth amend-
ment. I do not believe anybody there intends it.
I think this proposition is the most offensive
one that has been proposed from any quarter.
I do not propose to vote for anything that I do
not believe necessary for the security of the
people of that State. We have been struggling
here for days upon the question whether we
were to admit Virginia without any conditions
whatever or to impose some conditions. What-
ever conditions are necessary to the security of
that people, to whom we have made pledges of
protection, I am ready to vote and give, and no
man here, in Virginia, or anywhere else has a
right to object to it. What we want is to secure
the mass of the people there in their rights, in
the rights given them by the present constitu-
tion that they have framed and adopted, and
we want, if possible, to retain in our hands the
power against future hostile legislation and
action. But in regard to this present Legisla-
ture, I believe it has adopted the fifteenth
ameudment in good faith and that it will stand
by it. I have not a shadow of fear about it.
I have just as much fear that the Legislature
of Massachusetts will withdraw her assent as I
have that the Legislature of Virginia will do so.
I propose, therefore, to vote on this amendment
as I did on the proposition offered by the Sen-
I; ator froin Missouri. I voted against that, and
I intend to vote against this for the same reason.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I cannot
vote for the amendment which has been offered
by the Senator from Vermont. I think that
the postponement of representation to the 1st
of March, as contemplated in that amendment,
is entirely inconsistent with the other provis-
J ion of the bill declaring that Virginia is enti-
i tied to representation. I am not willing to be
J guilty of such an inconsistency in the language'
of the statute. That is my first objection to
the amendment.
My second objection is this: 1 will not by
: resorting to any such phraseology as this per-
| mit it to be understood or supposed that I
entertain the opinion that it is competent for
| ihe Legislature of Virginia or of any other
' State, having once voted affirmatively upon
j an amendment of the Constitution, to withdraw
; its ratification. The authority given to Vir-
! ginia by the act of 1809 in reference to the
I fifteenth amendment of the Constitution is
I understood by us all. That act simply gives
J to the Legislature the authority to ratify that
i amendment. It gives to it no authority what-
ever to reconsider or set aside its ratification.
If it does anything it must aet affirmatively
in the form of a ratification. No authority
having been given to that Legislature to recon-
sider such a ratification, it is utterly without
authority to do so. By resorting to the legis-
lation contemplated , by this' amendment' do
we not seem to concede the assumption that a
ratification maybe reconsidered and rescinded
by a Legislature that has once granted it? It
appears to me.we do. Now, I am opposed
to that doctrine entirely. I hold that where
a State has once acted upon an amendment
of the Constitution and ratified it it has no
longer the slightest authority over that sub-
ject ; that it cannot reconsider it, much less
can it rescind the ratification; and if we stand
firmly upon this ground I think we shall have
no trouble at all; but if we seek to get up ex-
cuses and express our fears in reference to a
rescission of a ratification we shall have
trouble for the future in that-regard, you may
rely upon it, sir. We have the authority to
make this good. We have the authority as a
Congress of the United States to treat these
ratifications, if they are formal, as good and
valid, whether they are made by Virginia or
any other State. Why undertake to throw a
doubt over the subject ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator give
way for a moment?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will state that I offered
this amendment supposing that it was satis-
factory to my friend from Massachusetts who
sits behind me, [Mr. Wilson,] whom I was
very desirous to satisfy, and supposing that it
was satisfactory to the gentlemen having charge
of the bill. I discover that it is not entirely
satisfactory and is opening debate upon a sub-
ject that has already been discussed, and
therefore, with the leave of my friend from
Michigan, I will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly; I shall be very
happy to agree to that. Sir, it is about dinner
time, and I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler, Corbett, Drake,
Edmunds, .Fowler, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris
Howard, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Poineroy, Ramsey, IIice, Robertson, Scuurz, Scott,
Speneer, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, and Wilson—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Carpenter, Cas-
serly. Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Davis, Fenton, Ferry,
Hamilton, Norton, Patterson, Pratt, Ross, Salis-
bury, Sawyer, Sherman, Sfewart, Stockton, Thnr-
man, Trumbull, Viokers, Warner, Willey, and_Wil-
liams—26.
ABSENT — Messre. Cattell, McCreery, Pool,
Sprague, and Yates—5.
So the motion was agreed-to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 19, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
BARK LIVE OAK.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 118)
authorizing and directing the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue an American register to the
British-built bark Live Oak, owned by citizens
of New Bedford, Massachusetts; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
GEOilGIA.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit the following resolu-
tion :
llesohed, That the General of the Army be re-
spectfuUy requested to inform tie House under what
act of Congress, or by what other authority, Generals
Ruger and Haines and Major G-oodfellow, officers of
the United States Army, are acting m the Legisla-
ture of Georgia as a committee of elections to a.d}u-
