1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2831
and I do so, and request that it be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations. If it
should have been introduced before the Sen-
ator will find that out in his committee.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
819) for the better organization of the district
courts of the United States within the State of
Louisiana ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
820) granting Pine Island, in Charlotte har-
bor, Florida, to the South Florida Horticul-
tural Company; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GILBERT asked , and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
821) authorizing mail steamship service be-
tween the port of Cedar Keys, Florida, and
Havana, Cuba; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 822) for the creation of an additional land
district in the State of California; which was
read^twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask leave to introduce
a bill for the relief of certain merchants and
mercantile firms in San Francisco, for goods
destroyed by the falling of a United States
bonded warehouse, as is alleged in consequence
of the neglect of the collector.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 823) for the relief
of Macoudray & Co.; Dupuy, Foulkes & Co.;
Thomas S. & F. S. Hathaway; Pioche,
Bayergne & Co.; Fox & 0'Conner; P. Maury,
jr. ; Dickson, De "Wolf & Co., and Compton &
Davidson; and it was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 824) authorizing the Southern Minne-
sota Railroad Company to connect its line with
the Northern Pacific railroad; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
business of committee on commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlax] withdraws his objection to a
recess to-night for the purpose of considering
business from the Committee on Commerce,
and therefore I hope by unanimous consent
that order may be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Michigan again asks unanimous consent
that the Senate take a recess at five o'clock
until half past seven o'clock this evening, to
consider to-night bills not objected to from
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morrill] objected.
Mr. CHANDLER. He has withdrawn his
objection.
the VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I object...
steamship service to australia.
Mr. ROSS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 445.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
first, according to the rules, state the business
before the Senate. The Calendar of resolu-
tions is now in order ; and the first resolution
is one to refer the bill (S. No. 736) to authorize
the establishment of mail steamship service
between the United States and Australia to the
Committee on Commerce, pending which the
Senator from Kansas asks consent that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of a bill 
™,r* JrS? ^ ins'st the regular order.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut insists on the regular order. The
question before the Senate is the resolution
reported from the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads to refer the bill (S. No. 73G)
to authorize the establishment of ocean mail
steamship service between the United States
and Australia to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask whether the resolution of the Senator from
Rhode Island in relation to taking up bills not
objected to is on the Calendar?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the fourth
resolution on the Calendar of resolutions laid
over. The question now is on the resolution
to refer the bill in regard to a subsidy for steam-
ship service to Australia to the Committee on
Commerce.
_ Mr. RAMSEY. The Senate had better con-
sider what they are at and make a rule now to
govern all such bills hereafter. If they con-
clude to send this bill to the Committee on
Commerce they should do so in all cases and
have one committee devote its attention to the
subject. They can do it more properly and
efficiently.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Previously the
Senate discharged the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads on their own motion
from the further consideration of this bill. The
morning hour expired at that time, and the
pending question now is upon the resolution
reported by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, to refer this bill to the Committee
on Commerce. If that should fail, the bill will
be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. CORBBTT. It seems to me either that
this bill should be retained by the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads or else another
bill, also before that committee, should be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce. There
is, as I understand it, before the Post Office
Committee a bill asking for the extension of
mail service from the Sandwich Islands to Aus-
tralia. This bill provides for mail service be-
tween San Francisco and Australia. Now, we
have this condition of things: one bill for the
service between San Francisco and Australia
the Post Office Committee ask to be discharged
from the consideration of, and they propose to
have it referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and they retain a bill providing for mail ser-
vice between the Sandwich Islands and Aus-
tralia. There is a mail service now between
San Francisco and the Sandwich Islands. Con-
sequently those two subjects ought to be con-
sidered together.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; if the Senate
refer this bill to the Committee on Commerce
we shall ask to give them the same reference.
Mr. CORBETT. I am in favor of the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads still
continuing to consider this subject, consider-
ing the bill before them now in connection with j
this, and also the other bills that they may have i
in charge. I hope it will not be referred to ]
the Committee on Commerce. i
Mr. WILLIAMS. I cannot see how the j
Committee on Commerce can possibly consider
a bill the whole of which is a proposition to
extend a mail route or to extend mail service.
Now, there is a bill pending before the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post ttoads to
extend the present mail service between San !
Francisco and the Sandwich Islands to Aus- i
tralia. That is the simple proposition. Of j
couise additional compensation is expected in I
consequence of the extension of the route; but j
there is nothing more in the bill than simply ,
an extension of a mail route. Of course it j
will incidentally—— ;
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask j
my friend from Oregon a question? j
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly. !
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Why should
the Post Office Committee consider a bill to
carry a mail where there is and will be no mail
to carry ?
.Mr. WILLIAMS. That is a very extraor-
dinary assumption for the Senator to say that
there is no mail to carry between Australia and
the United States, countries as populous and
rich as Australia and the UnitedStates, where
people are traveling back and forth all the
. It would be a very extraordinary state
of affairs if there was no mail to carry between
those two countries.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very likely.
_ Mr. WILLIAMS. I think there is a neces-
sity for a mail route, and the proposition is
pending. It is not a question now as to whether
or not there is any necessity for a mail route ;
that is a question to be considered by the Post
Office Committee ; but the question before the
Senate is whether it is proper or not for the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads to
consider a proposition of that kind. Ofcourse
they are to decide as their judgment may dic-
tate, bntjt would be very remarkable to refer
a proposition of that kind to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is not remarkable at all.
It is the most natural thing in the world. The
postal communication between this country
by way of San Francisco and Australia must
be very small indeed. The object is to stimu-
late commerce between this country and that,
and no one cares particularly about the postal
communication. Of course the line, if estab-
lished, will carry a mail; but that considers
tion is a mere fiction to induce you to give
jurisdiction ol this bill to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads. If, is absolutely
commerce that you are after, and there is a
great deal of commerce with the Australian
islands, but the postage is not of any account.
The letters will find their way to this country
by some other route if this line is not estab-
lished. The Senate may as well consider this
question now and determine what committee
is the proper one for its consideration, and the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
will abide by the determination.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, this is a
question which the Senate ought to consider
deliberately. Now, let me state what this case
is, for I believe I understand it entirely. There
is a memorial here for mail service from San
Francisco by the way of the Sandwich islands
and the Feejee Islands to Melbourne, in Aus-
tralia, and the parties interested in it come
before the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads and submit written statements and make
long arguments showing the importance of
commercial intercourse between those ports.
There is the evidence upon your table ; I lis-
tened to every word the memorialists said, and
there was not a word written, and there was
not a man who whispered to the committee the
word " postage" in this question. It has not
been put into writing; it has not been uttered
verbally. The Senator from California, who is
interested, [Mr. Cole,] has submitted very
important and very interesting facts going to
show the vast amount of commerce that we
might command if we should establish a line
between here and Australia, and that we could
divert a vast commerce from those islands and
perhaps build up some commerce with the
Feejee Islands, and we have resting-places
along at which the line can stop.
It is a very interesting question. The meas-
ure is one that met my cordial approbation. I
would be glad for the best interests of our coun-
try to seethe commerce of that region diverted
to our ports rather than sent to England or to
any port of Europe ; but I submit that all that
is no more a question for the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads than it is for the
Judiciary Committee.
I know what the old practice was, because
if I had the documents here I could turn to
reports that I made myself when I was chair-
mail of the Committee on Commerce, and uni-
formly in all cases that were essentially com-
mercial in their nature the bills went to the
Committee on Commerce, because it is the
