1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1887
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not directed by the
committee in regard to this matter so as to
make any such arrangement. £ will state the
tacts and then let the House decide the ques-
tion for itself. I ask the Clerk to read the
substitute. j
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive! ot tk* L'*iteti Statesof Ameri< a in Conpre*.} astem-
Mnl. 'i'hat Jauiesliaines.adminisrratorof Jonathan
llnincd. Into of Pekin, Illinois, dccoased, bo, and ho
t'creby is. authorized to apply to the Commissioner ,,
of Patents for an extension of'tho patents originally ,
granted to said Jonathan lluiues tor an improve-
ment in harvesting-machines on the 27tli day of
March, 1840, reissued on the 0th day of November.
i& , and extended by the Commissioner of Patents
lor tho term of seven years troiu the 7th day of
Match. IStJS, for a further term of seven years from
the -7th day of March, 1870; and the Commissioner
of Patents is hereby authorized to hear and grant
such petition, or to refuse tho same, on tho same evi-
dence and in tho same manner and with the same
effect as applications for extensions of patonts are
now beard and decided under tho law: Provided,
That the application for such extension bo made
within thirty days after the approval of this aot and
the decision of the Commissioner be rendered within
ninety days from the filing of said application in the
Patent Omoe: Audprovided alto, That in case of the
extension of said patent it shall inure exclusively to ,
the benefit of the heirs of said Jonathan Haines; and
also, that neither of said heirs nor said administrator
in their behalf shall charge or receive for the manu-
facture or sale of tho machines described in said
letters-patent any greater royalty than the sum of :
SI2 50 for each aud every machine so manufactured
and sold. <
Mr. TANNER. I call for the reading of
the report
Mr. JOHNSON. There is no report. I
will call for the previous question, and then
state what there is in the case.
Mr. JENCKES. State it now.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, this is for
the extension of a patent for a harvester or
'• header," as farmers call it. The patent was
originally issued in 1849 to Jonathan Haines.
His heire now seek the privilege of -applying
again for an extension. In November, 1855, the
machine not having been perfected under the
patent, an extension—no, not an extension, but
a reissue under new specifications—was applied
for, and was issued from the Patent Office, but
dated back to 1849, the date ofthe original issue.
An extension was then made, under the law,
from March 27,1863; so that the patent would
expire on the 27th day of this month, without
some legislation like this. It will be seen by
the House that the full period intended to run
in favor of patentees has not run in favor of
this patentee. Twenty-one years will not have
run until November, 1876, although the patent
was originally issued in 1849, and reissued in
1855, the reissue dating back to 1849.
Mr. WELKER. Explain what kind of
harvester it is.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am going to do that.
The chief merit, Mr. Speaker, of this machine
over others that have been patented previously
to this patent lies in these facts: no other ma-
chine before patented or now in existence is a
machine in which the cart is before the horse.
This is made to run before the team, and in
that respect it is certainly a great saving to
the farmer, becanse with the ordinary machine,
pulled along after the team, he of course finds
at least one fifth of the grain knocked down
by the team before the scythe comes along to
cut it. There are some sixteen hundred har-
vesting-machines now in existence, but the
merit which this has above all others, to which
the attention of the committee was called, is
in the fact that it takes the head off the stalk
as it stands upon the field, or it takes as much
straw as the driver of the machine may choose.
In addition to this, it raises the straw and heads
tuken off to an elevation, from which they are
thrown into a heading-wagon driven along by
the side of the machine, and dropped outside
where nothing but stubble is standing. It has
many advantages over other machines for large
grain-growing districts.
On poor land or hilly land, where the grain
is thin and the stalks are short, this machine
would not be the cheapest that could be used;
but in California, and in Illinois and Wisconsin,
where the stalks grow as high as a man's head
and very thick, no other machine can be used j
as successfully as this one. And I have made
a computation here from my own knowledge
of the machine, for 1 have personal knowledge
of its successful workings, by which I show 1
that the farmers of this country in the States j
whero this machine is now being used would
save many hundreds of thousands of dollars;
in fact I run my figures into millions, and they j
show that the farmers of Wisconsin, Iowa, 1
Illinois, Minnesota, and California would save
$24,000,000 a year by the use of this machine
on prairie and rich lands.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as regards the equity of
this case, I will state that the inventor lost his
life in submitting his machine to a practical
test; that he lost his fortune in building shops
and trying to bring the machine into general
use; that he broke down himself and his fam-
ily ; and that he lost his health and contracted
a disease from which he finally died, after get-
ting his shops in successful operation for the
manufacture of the machine.
Mr. Speaker, I do not think it necessary for
me to go on and show the advantages of this
machine, or even the equities of the parties
claiming this extension. The committee have
considered the matter very closely, and I now
call the previous question, after which I will
yield to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Tanner.]
Mr. TANNER. I do not desire to have the
previous question ordered. I should like the
gentleman to yield to me before calling the
previous question.
On ordering the previous question the House
divided ; and there were—ayes sixty, noes not
counted.
| Before the result was announced,
I Mr. JOHNSON said: As a quorum does
not appear to be voting I withdraw the call j
: for the previous question, and yield to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Tanner] for
five minutes.
1 Mr. TANNER. Iam notprepared at present
to discuss the merits of this bill, for the reason
which I have already stated, namely, that I am
not acquainted with the facts conuected with
the case. My acquaintance with it is this: on
Wednesday last I received a communication
from a gentleman largely interested in the man-
ufacture of harvesters, stating that he under-
stood that such a bill as this was now pending
before the House, or before the Committee
on Patents of this House. He further stated
that he understood that the patent had already
been extended for the term of seven years, and
that he had substantial reasons to present to
the committee why the bill ought not to pass.
I then applied to the chairman of the com-
mittee for the purpose of obtaining inform-
ation on the subject, and stated to him that I.
was in communication with this gentleman and
' expected to receive from him the reasons lie
had to offer why this bill should not be passed.
There has not yet elapsed a sufficient interval
to allow me to receive a communication lrom
that gentleman. All that I desire is that the
circumstances and facts which are in the pos-
session of this gentleman shall be in pos-
session of the committee and of the House
in order that they may act intelligently. I ask,
therefore, that the bill may be recommitted to
the Committee on Patents in order that they
may have the facts before thetn^ before they
finally pass upon its merits. And if the gentle-
man will permit I will make the motion that
the bill be recommitted to the Committee on
Patents. .
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot yield for that
motion, and I will state why. This patent, the
extension of which does not give the patentee
the full time allowed by law, but only six years,
will expire on the 27th day of this month. It
this act, then, is not passed by that time the
' very party who has communicated with the gen-
; tleman from New York, being engaged in the
manufacture of these machines, will change his
machinery for the manufacture of some parts
of the machines, and will then have obtained
a vested right under the law, of which he can-
not be deprived, however meritorious this claim
for extension. I believe under these circum-
stances that it is just and right and equitable
to press this proposition to a vote now ; and
therefore I cannot consent to any such arrange-
ment as that which is proposed by the gentle-
man from New York, however much 1 would
like to oblige him.
Mr. CULLOM. I happen to know some-
thing about this ease myself. The party who
made this invention was a resident in the
county in which I live and have lived nearly all
my life ; I knew him from the time I was a
small boy ; and 1 want (a say to the House, as a
matter of fact, that while this man had the
benefit of this patent the length of time allowed
by law, yet to my certain knowledge he was
never able to make anything by his patent at.
all. He spent his whole life, from the tiine
he invented this machine up to his death, a few
years ago, trying to introduce this patent so that
the people might buy it and have the benefit of
it, and until within a very few years he was
never able to sell more than half a dozen of the
machines.
Mr. JOHNSON. I now resume the floorand
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
sixty-nine, noes not counted—and the main
question ordered.
Mr. TANNER moved that the bill be laid
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sophia a. moen.
Mr. JENCKES, from theComrnittee on Pat-
ents, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1418)
for the relief of Sophia A. Moen.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Com-
missioner of Patents to hear and determine
the application of Sophia A. Moen for an ex-
tension of letters-patent granted to Augustus
R. Moen on the 26th of February, 1850, and
reissued on the 8th of April, 18513, for ;i ne«v^
and useful improvement in the construction of
basement, cellar, vault, conduit, and other
walla, so as to render them impervious to
water, in the same manner and with the same
effect as if the application had been made
within the time prescribed by law, provided
that if the said extension shall he granted no
persons shall be held liable for damages from
infi ingements thereof between the date of the
expiration of the original patent and the date
of such extension.
Mr. JENCKES. This bill is merely to cor-
rect an error. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
robert bcllns goodyeak.
Mr. JENCKES, from the Committee on
Patents, reported u bill (H. R. No. 1493) for
the relief of Robert Burns Goodyear; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering tho bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
