1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
The bill, which was read, provides that tho
letters-patent granted to James A. Bowie and
Charles Carr, as assignees of Robert Burns
Goodyear, on March 13, 1849, but antedated,
as provided by law, to September 13,1848, for
certain new and useful improvements in power
looms, which letters-patent were extended by
the Commissioner of Patents, in the name of
Robert Burns Goodyear, on the 25th of August,
1862, for seven years fromand after September
18,1862, which extension expired on September
13, 1809, shall be further extended for seven
years, commencing on September 13,1869, and
ending September 13, 1876.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Let the
report in this case be read.
The Clerk began reading the report, but
before concluding,
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Scofield)
said: The morning hour has expired, and this
bill goes over to the morning hour of Friday
next.
message from tiik senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDos'-
ald, its Chief Cierk, informed the House that
the Senate had passed a bill of the House (H.
R. No. 440) to amend au act entitled "An
act for the relief of Alexander J. Atocha,"
approved February 14, 1865, with an amend-
ment; in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had passed bills and a joint, resolu-
tion, in which tlie concurrence of the House
was requested, of the following titles:
A bill (S. No. 93J legalizing certain locations
of agricultural college scrip therein designated;
A bill (S. No. 3G9) to establish an additional
land district in the State of Kansas;
A bill (S. No. 476) to fix the statns of certain
Federal soldiers enlisting in the Union Army
from the States of Alabama and Florida; and
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 94) for the
relief of J. R. Clark.
ordkr of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I no w move that the rales
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole upon the special
order, being the tariff bill.
Mr. DAWES. Before that motion is put,
although it is not debatable, 1 ask the House to
listen to me for a few moments in reference to
amatterof business now before the House. The
deficiency bill, which was placed in charge of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,]
contains items which, I am informed by the
Executive, are absolutely necessary for the
carrying on of the public business. I ask the
House to go into Committee of the Whole upon
the deficiency bill, aud allow it to pass through
to-day, if possible.
I am aware that the bill of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] has been crowded
off from time to time by other business, and I
do not complain of him for pressing it at this i
time. Bat I ask the House to consider the |
peculiar circumstances in which the deficiency
bill is now placed. Owing to the absence of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,]
in whose charge the bill was placed, and who
was unexpectedly called away a day or two
ago and will not be able to be back for ten
days, I find myself under the necessity of ask-
ing the House to vote down the motion of my
friend, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. Schen'ck,] in order that I
may be able to move that the House now go
into Committee of the Whole on the deficiency
bill. I subn.it the proposition to the House
and the House, of course, will decide between
the gentleman fron^phi«J[Mr. 9ciANCfi and
his tariff bill and myself with-4h£oefiotency
bill. -vf\
Mr. SCHENCK. I apprehend that after the
indulgence just given to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the House will
not decide this question without hearing me.
•Mr. WOOD. If the'gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schkvck] will permit me, I would sug-
gest to him the propriety of following the
advice of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] as I see it announced that he
intends to stump the State of Connecticut dur-
ing the present campaign in that State. He
undoubtedly wants to get rid of the deficiency
bill, so that he may perform his duties in an-
other portion of the United States. [Laughter. ]
I hope the gentleman from Ohio will permit
the gentleman from Massachusetts to go to
Connecticut and decrease the Republican vote
there, as he did in New Hampshire. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] will agree to go with me to
Connecticut I will acquiesce in his suggestion ;
otherwise I believe I will remain here. I wish
to say to the House that those who vote to go
into Committee of the Whole upon the bill of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] vote
to exclude the consideration of the deficiency
bill nt this time. That is all I have to say.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe that the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations him-
self admits that I have been exceedingly liberal
to his committee as well as other committees,
and to members of the House generally. This
special order, the tariff bill, which was set for
the 15th of February, has in consequence of
this liberality been permitted to slide along
without receiving the consideration of the
House. There is one ground on which I may
make appeal that the bill be now proceeded
with. Instead of occupying myself the time
of the House in opening the debate upon it I
yielded to the solicitation of a member of the
committee of the opposite party, and permit-
ted him to open the debate, in order that he
might go away, he being called out of the city.
It is but fair and right that some other member
of the committee, if not myself, who sustains
this bill, should be heard as soon as possible
in the course of this debate; and I appeal to the
House, I appeal to gentlemen on the other side
of the House, to whom this liberality has been
shown, to aid as in the effort to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole for at least a sufficient time to
enable a member of the committee, the gentle-
man from New York, fMr. McCarthy,] who
sustains the bill, and who obtained the floor a
number of daysago, to speak upon the subject.
When his remarks are finished I will consent,
as there seems to be some great pressure for
the consideration of the deficiency bill, that
the committee shall lay aside the special order
to consider during the remainder of this day
the deficiency bill. It is now only one o'clock.
Mr. DAWES. I beg permission to say that
it does seem to me that as between the speech
of my friend from New York, (with which I
would be very reluctant to interfere,) and the
exigencies of the public service, my friend from
New York will not hesitate to waive his right.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield for the
discussion of the question as to the importance
of the speech of the gentleman fromNewYork.
Gentlemen of the House know the course which
I have panned in regard to this measure. I
insist on my motion to go into Committee of
the Whole to take np the special order. I will
state that as soon as the gentleman from New
York has been heard I will myself move that
the committee lay aside the special order to
take up the deficiency bill.
On the motion there were—ayes 80, noes 42.
Mr. DAWE8. I will not contest this ques-
tion farther; but I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will consent to defer going into Commit-
tee of the Whole for a few moments, in order
that I may relieve the Committee on Appro-
priations of certain papers which ought to be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
that. I consent to anything that will " re-
lieve" the Committee on Appropriations.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore,(Mr. Scofield
in the chair.) Prior to the announcement of
the vote on the motion to go into Committee
of the Whole the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Scuenck] proposes, if there be no objection,
to yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[-Mr. Dawes.]
There was no objection.
RIVER AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Appropriations was
discharged from the further consideration of
the following-named bills, memorials, &c., and
the same were referred to the Committee on
Commerce:
.A bill (II. R. No. 283) making an appropri-
ation to remove obstructions from the Roanoke
river in North Carolina;
A bill (II. R. No. G8G) for an appropriation
for a harbor in the State of New York ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1289) to provide for tho
improvement of Red river, Caddo lakes, and
Big Cypress bayou, from Shreveport, Louisi-
ana, to Jefferson, Texas;
Memorial of A. S. Hallett, of Hyannis, Mas-
sachusetts, and two hundred and fifty-two
others, for the repairs of the breakwater in the
harbor of Hyannis;
Petition of citizens of Massachusetts for
an appropriation to improve the harbor at
Hyannis;
Two petitions for the improvement of Twelve-
Mill creek, New York State ;
Memorial of the Legislature of Minnesota,
asking for an appropriation for the improve-
ment of Duluth harbor, Lake Superior; and
Memorial from the corporation ofFredericks-
burg, Virginia, foran appropriation of $100,000
for the removal of obstructions in the Rappa-
hannock river.
payment of informkrs.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to offer for adoption a resolution calling for in-
formation to be used by the Committee of Ways
and Means. We are anxious to see whether
we cannot get rid of the whole system of
informers. I ask that the resolution be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Retolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue each be re-
quested to commnnicate to this House his views and
opinions in regard to the expediency and advantage
or disadvantage to the GoverBment of abolishing, in
the collection of duties on foreign imports and tho
collection of internal taxes, all allowances of moie-
ties or shares of penal ties, lines, forfeitures, or recov-
eries to officers of the revenueorinformers; and also
any statement of facts or practices under existing
laws which will enforce or illustrate such views and
opinions.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
AMENDMENT TO INTERNAL REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. SCHUMAKER, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be requested to examine into the oxpcdiency of so
amending the internal revenue laws as will rep«al
the following provision found in section nineteen of
the actof March 2,1867, which provides that no suit
for the purpose of restraining the assessment and
collection of tax shall be maintained in any court."
mrs. anna merklinq.
Mr. MUNGEN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduceda bill (H. R. No. 1494) for the relief of
Anna Merkling, late a private in company O,
fifty-seventh regiment Ohio veteran volunteer
infantry; which was read a first and second time,
and with the accompanying papers referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
brig ocean belle.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I ask unanimous
consent to report back from the Committee of
Claims, Senate bill No. 466, for the relief of
the owners of the brig Ocean Belle,_with_ the
recommendation that it do pass. It is a direc-
tion to the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
the owners of the brig Ocean Belle thesum of
$2,972 in full for damage to the brig from
worming while under impressment, from the
12th of August, 1865, when ordered from New
