3776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
adopted. There is a difference of opinion
between the committee and the Secretary of
the Treasury. The latter considers the appro-
priation exhausted, and asks" for a further
appropriation. In his opinion he cannot con-
tinue the examination under the appropriation
already made. The committee consider the sec-
tion a continuing appropriation. In the letter
which has been read the Secretary asks for an
appropriation of $15,000. Great benefit has
been experienced from the examination which
has already been authorized. The agent ap-
pointed by the Department has performed his
duty in a manner to give perfect satisfaction
to the Government. In my amendment I pro-
pose an appropriation of $5,000 less than that
asked for by the Secretary. In this form I
thought there could be no objection to it. Two
agents are required to be appointed, and it is
found that the pay of each cannot, consistently
with the success of the system, be less than
$5,000; hence it is necessary that an appropri-
ation of $10,000 should be made. The Secre-
tary in his letter mentions generally the con-
sulates with reference to which he wishes to
make examination, and states that it will require
at least two agents to make the examination.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call the gentleman's
attention to the provision of the act of March
3, 1869, which, I believe, has already gone
into the general consular bill. The ground of
my exception, in the first place, to this amend-
ment was that I thought we had better leave
the law as it is until the general consular sys-
tem has been revised, as I understand is con-
templated by a general bill which wilt go over
the whole ground. The act to which I have
just referred allows the President to appoint
as many agents as he may think necessary.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. And provides for paying
them, with the condition that no one agent shall
be paid more than $5,000.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman is mistaken.
More than $5,000 cannot be expended in any
one year. Hence the Department could ap-
point only one agent.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
examine the law I think he will see that I am
correct.
Mr. LOGAN. I have read it frequently.
Mr. MAYNARD. It provides that the Pres-
ident " may appoint any such agent or agents
as may be necessary for that purpose" 
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. "And any agent appoint-
ed in this behalf shall be paid for his services a
just and reasonable compensation not exceed-
ing five dollars per day;" "but no greater
sum than $5,000 shall be expended as com-
pensation of such agent or agents in any one
year."
Mr. LOGAN. Exactly so. The Secretary
has decided that he can expend only that
amount. I went to him myself to learn his
decision. He has decided that the appropri-
ation is exhausted, and that a new appropria-
tion is required. He asks that $15,000 be
appropriated in this bill, for reasons which are
stated in the letter.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the Secretary hold
that, under this law, though he might have
occasion to appoint half a dozen agents, only
$5,000 is appropriated ?
Mr. LOGAN. That is exactly what he
holds.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, I remember
perfectly well the adoption of the provision
which has been read. It was very carefully
considered at the time, and was by some strongly
objected to, the objections being yielded in
consideration of the necessity for an examina-
tion of the consulates in different parts of the
world. These consulates are isolated, and not
readily reached by the Government. Men fre-
quently remain In BUch positions five, ten, fif-
teen, or twentj^pars, until their habits of busi-
ness come to be regarded as the law. It was
considered necessary by the Treasury Depart-
ment that there should -be an investigation into
the manner in which the business of the con-
sulates is conducted. Hence the provision of
the present law was agreed to by a committee
of conference, of which I was a member. It
was understood that the provision was for one
year only, and that no more than $5,000 could
be expended. If the Government is to con-
,! tinue this examination a new appropriation
|i must be made.
Ij I have personal knowledge that the investi-
i! gations of the agent who has been appointed
! have been productive of good to the Govern-
! ment. The receipts for consular fees, in excess
of the expenditures, have been lai'gely in-
creased. amounting during the last year to sixty-
eight or seventy thousand dollars. In some
of the consular districts where investigation
has been made improvement has already been
observed. We ought not to wait till a provis-
j ion of this kind can be incorporated into a gen-
j eral consular bill. It may not be necessary
i to continue these investigations from year to
year indefinitely. After the Treasury Depart-
i ment has become satisfied that a sufficient
| examination has been made the appropriation
may be discontinued; but until that is done,
until the investigation shall have been made in
the different countries with which we have dip-
lomatic communication, this ought to be con-
tinued,-and I do not think the sum of $10,000
too much. On the contrary, I think it ought
to be increased to the amount required by the
Secretary of the Treasury. It ought at least
to be $10,000. Five thousand dollars is not
sufficient. And I will say from my own per-
sonal observation that the agent of the Govern-
ment in past years, has faithfully discharged
his duties, and that the consular department
has been greatly improved thereby.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the amendment of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey]
will be voted down, and that the amendment
which I have moved, making the appropriation
$10,000, will be adopted.
The question was put on Mr. Kelsey's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CONNER. I move to amend the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] by striking out "$10,000" and insert-
ing " $9,000." I do this for the purpose of
obtaining an opportunity to comment for a
single moment only on some remarks which
fell from the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Willard] in the course of the debate on the
preceding paragraph. I hope the House will
indulge me if I am not strictly in order. I
desire to refer to the gentleman's remarks
about so many murders having been committed
in the southern States.
Mr. BEAM AN. I rise to a'point of order.
I submit that the gentleman is not discussing
the pending amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The question was put on Mr. Logan's amend-
ment ; and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For relief and protection of American seamen in
foreign countries, 110,000.
Mr. REEVES. I move to amend this para-
graph by striking out" $10,000" and inserting
"$20,000;" so that it will read : "For relief
and protection of American seamen in foreign
countries, $20,000."
Mr. Chairman, I submit this amendment with
the purpose merely of eliciting from the gen-
tleman who has reported this bill an explana-
tion of the seemingly small sum which is de-
voted to the important object of the relief and
protection of American seamen in foreign coun-
tries, especially in view of the anticipated legis-
lation by this Congress, which, it is hoped, by
reviving our commerce, will largely increase
the number of American seameu engaged in
foreign commerce. Unless the gentleman gives
some explanation, surprise may be felt by the
House and the country that so comparatively
insignificant a sum should be voted for this
purpose.
Mr. KELSEY. I will state to the gentle-
man that the reason why this appropriation is
so small is that there was a large unexpended
balance on hand on the 30th June last. There
was at that time $112,867 of unexpended bal-
ances on hand, and to that amount was added
at that date $50,000 more. It is believed,
therefore, that the present appropriation will
be amply sufficient for the purpose for next
year.
Mr. REEVES. I am satisfied with the ex-
planation, and withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the remaining paragraphs.
No further amendment was offered.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill and amendments to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Jngeb-
soll reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, according to order
of the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, House bill No. 1004, making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1871, and had directed him to report the
same to ''le House with sundry amendments.
Mr. KELSEY. Before calling the previous
question o i this bill, I move that the amend-
ment adopted on the motion of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] be removed from its
present position and transferred to the end of
the bill as a separate section.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I now move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was on order-
| ing the bill, with amendments, to be engrossed
| for a third reading.
| The SPEAKER. Is there a separate vote
> demanded on any one amendment ?
i Mr. COVODE. I should like to have a sep-
, arate vote on the motion to strike out Greece.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is no such amend-
ment pending.
Mr. COVODE. I moved to strike it out.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman made that
motion in Committee of the Whole: but the
House knows nothing of that unless it is re-
ported by the committee.
Mr. CO VODE. I am sure that if the House
knew as much about this matter as I do they
would vote to strike it out.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been seconded, and no amendment is in order.
The amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole were then concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT FOR 1868.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back the following concurrent res-
olution, as amended by the Senate, and moved
that the amendment of the Senate be con-
curred in:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed of the agricultural report of 1868 such an ad-
ditional extra number as will be required to give tho
members of the Senate and of the House from thoso
States not represented in the Fortieth Congress the
same number as was assigned to the members of the
Senate and of the House from such States as were so
represented.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
La3 D"*2L
,3 D
to p
LV
2 Je '08
