*2832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
duty of the Committee on Commerce to determ-
ine those questions, and not of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
I repeat again, that in all the discussions of
this question the word "postage" has not
.been named except that the parties put it in
the bill. How mueh postage will you get out
.•of the Feejee Islands, I should like very much
to know. You may give the Post Office Com-
mittee jurisdiction by putting the word "post-
age" in the bill, and so you maygive the Judi-
ciary Committee jurisdiction by appointing
some officer of a judicial character to be con-
nected with this service. So you may put any
provision into a bill that shall make it proper
to send it to any committee.
That is all there is in this bill. The parties
name "postage" in their bill, but when they
come to the Post Office Committee and ask
them to consider it, I repeat again they do not
name "postage," for the very good reason that
there is not so much of it as is worthy of con-
sideration by any committee or any member
for the least moment of time.
Now, sir, I think that it is unwise, I think it
is inappropiiate, most inappropriate, to ask the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads to
discuss and to determine what is for the best
interest of the commerce of this country. As
an individual I have an opinion. 1 am very free
to express that opinion. 1 have given perhaps
more thought to the matter of commerce than
to any other connected with our Government.
I think this bill proposes to open a very desir-
able communication, and that the prospect
indeed is very flattering that we could divert
a large commerce from that country to this, and
between the countries. Bui, 1 submit again,
it is no more a question for the Committee on
Post Offices and Post lloads than it is for the
Committee on the Judiciary, and it ought to
go to the Committee on Commerce. If the
matter be one which is determined upon the
question of postages, aud commerce is an in-
cident, then I grant you it should go to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
because postage is the main subject of consid-
eration ; but when it becomes the converse of
that, in my judgment it ought to go to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, this is indeed,
as was stated by the Senator who last had the
floor, a question of very great importance.
The objection to the consideration of this meas-
ure by the Committee on Post Offices and Post
lloads arises from the fact, as lie stated, that
but a small amount of postage will resultfrom
the establishment of a line of the kind pro-
posed. It is true that the amount of postages
will be but small compared with the assistance
that it is expected the Government will render
to the enterprise ; but we are aware from ob-
servation, from much experience, in fact, that
the establishment of a line of the sort attracts
mails from all parts that may find easier and
speedier communication over aline of the kind,
and the transmission of mails will be enlarged
very much in a short time, and will continue
to grow.
Now, though there may.be not very large
mails passing between the United States and
Australia, yet if ive can facilitate communica-
tion by this line between England and those
of her colonies weshall, from the very necessity
of I he case, compel them to commuuicate across
our own country, compel their mails to come
this way. The mails will seek the shortest
route; they will seek the very shortest possible
route; and if this is the shortest route between
the mother country and those colonies, of course
the European mails must come by this line.
That unquestionably will enlarge very mate-
rially the business that will be done by the line.
Now, sir, I concede that the grand object is
the encouragement and increase of commerce;
for commerce follows the mails and is nothing
without the mails. Commerce depends much
upon the establishment of the mail lines. To
illustrate by a very plain and simple statement.
Suppose it is ascertained in the market of Syd-
ney or Melbourne that breadstuff's are scarce
there, and it often occurs that markets become
barren of a particular product without the
people generally knowing it. Our Pacific
coast raises breadstuffs to a very great extent
for exportation. So also does Chili. If by
more rapid communication between Australia
and California than between Australia and
Chili the people of California can be advised
of the barrenness of the market of Sydney or
Melbourne, of course they will load up their
ships and supply that want. But without such
speedy communication as this that, we propose
to establish information can be taken to Chili
first of the wants of the market of Australia.
Then the people of Chili will load up their
vessels and supply the want; and so it is seen
that the commercial advantage depends upon
the mail, depends upon the speed of commu-
nication. Therefore, the mail is the principal
tiling, and the commercial advantage, though
the greater advantage, is but the incident.
I am not tenacious as to what committee
this bill shall be considered by. That is a
matter of little consequence; but it is of the
greatest importance that the measure should
receive the favorable consideration of Con-
gress and that this line should be established.
It was stated the other day that the popula-
tion of that country, Australia, amounted to
about three and a half millions. They are of
our own race, and they are an intelligent and
enterprising people, engaged in all the indus-
trial pursuits that any of our own race are
engaged in. If we are able to put ourselves
in communication with them by reason of a
steam line, and to supply their wants with the
ten thousand articles which we can supply and
which they have not, we shall reap great com-
mercial advantage from that communication,
and I will state now that all depends upon the
facility and speed of the mails. At present
the Australians can communicate by the Peu-
insular and Oriental line with themother conn-
try, by way of the south of Asia, quicker than
they can communicate with California even,
which is so much nearer than the mother coun-
try; and, of course, the trade goes in that
direction; all that they need comes from the
mother country. But if we can establish this
communication, of course it will come to us,
and weshall have a commercial advantage over
England in reference to these colonies.
I saw it stated in a paper the other day that
the City of Adelaide, a steam-vessel, had left
Sydney to come to San Francisco, the first of a
line that may be established. I know that the
English are looking toward the establishment
of a line of this kind, perhaps to San Francisco ;
perhaps it will be by way of the Isthmus; per-
haps that will be regarded as the better course
for them to pursue iu order to avoid American
commerce, in order to prevent the advantages
that would result to our own country from the
establishment of such a line.
I think, therefore, that the subject should be
left as it is at present. These bills are gener-
ally in the hands of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads. If the Senate vote
down the proposition to refer, then this bill re-
mains on the Calendar, and if any modification
of the bill, any radical change in it is needed,
such as cannot readily be made in the Senate,
let it be rereferred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads to be perfected.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not think the reason-
ing of the Senator from Maine is good. We
might as well say that a proposition relating to
the mail line established between here and
Montana Territory should be referred to the
Committee on Commerce. We established that
for the convenience of our commerce and trade
with that interior country. The receipts from
the mails are very small. We do not expect
to get the amount in postage that we pay out
for mail service between here and Montana, or
between here aud Idaho, where we are pro-
ducing gold. One letter costing three cents
may bring us §300,000 in gold. To say that
we must place this on a paying basis, that
postal service between here and Australia must
pay its way, is simply ridiculous. It cannot be
done in establishing these lines and forming a
nucleus for trade.
Between here and Europe our postal service
did not pay at one time. We have established
a line between San Francisco and China. That
does not pay. We have given a subsidy there
and we propose to give a larger subsidy. I
desire that a line should be established between
San Francisco and Australia. I believe if we
get no material aid from the postages it will
build up commerce, find a market for our
produce, and in that way reap a great advan-
tage to this country, but that matter, it seems
to me, must either be entirely referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
where it properly belongs, where there is any
mail service whatever, or else you must refer it
all to the Committee on Commerce. It seems
to me wherever a mail line is established the
proposition should be considered by the Post
Office Committee. No one expects that the
Post Office Department must pay the entire
expense of this service. Therefore I do not
think it should be considered iu that light at
all. It should be considered in a liberal light.
The Government should pay for such service
as they think is for the best interest of the
country, not only with regard to commerce, but
establishing a communication that shall be
valuable to us hereafter, and bring us in closer
proximity with a distant country. 1 hope the
bill will be left with the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and that we shall vote
down the proposition to send it to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CASSERLY. I regret that the Com-
mittee on PostOffices and Post lloads are dis-
posed to adhere to a decision of this question
which seems to me, with all respect to that
committee, not only untenable in itself, but-
utterly inconsistent with the action of that
committee in reference to all the other bills
of the same general character before them.
The objection seems to be that this bill in
reference to communication with Australia
does not in terms refer to postage; but we
know very well that such a steam line as is
contemplated by this bill, if established, would
necessarily carry with it a letter mail, which
would increase from time to time, until it would
shortly become one of considerable magnitude.
I know not upon what ground the chairman
of the committee has assumed and stated more
than once that there would be no mail of any
consequence upon this line. I think the Sen-
ator from Maine who last spoke has followed
iu the same line of argument. Let me say to
the Senator from Minnesota, the chairman of
the committee, that unless he has examined
this subject and is prepared with fact3 and
statistics to support his position, all my inform-
ation is directly to the contrary.
, As well say that we have no mail with Eng-
land, which at present 1 believe is our largest
foreign mail. For the same reason that gives us
a great mail with England we must have a con-
siderable mail with Australia. Why not? Can
any gentleman give me a reason 'i They are
an intelligent, active, adventurous population,
very like the population of our own Paciiic
coast. That country has for its numbers one of
the most active populations on the face of the
globe to-day. It is impossible that two and a
half million of such people should not have a
great deal of correspondence.
The very same committee which now objects
to considering this bill on the ground that there
will be no mail has reported back favorably a
bill for an increase of the allowance to the China
line of steamers on the ground of a mail. With-
out intending to criticise in any degree that
action, the committee will allow me to say
that iu supposingthat report can be maintained
on the ground of a mail, and refusing to con-
sider this bill on the ground that there will be
