1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
577
' ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. EEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of the follow-
ing title ; when the Speaker signed the same:
Ana,et(H. R. No. 861)makingappropriations
to defray the expenses of the Committee on
Banking and Currency incurred in pursuance
of investigations ordered by the House of Rep-
resentatives.
ADDITIONAL FORCE IN STATE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a letter from the Secretary of State,
recommending the appointment of a solicitor
of claims for the State Department, and an
appropriation for the compensation of three
additional clerks for indexing the records and
papers received by the Department; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, apd ordered to be printed.
Some time subsequently,
Mr. DAWES said : I think the letter of the
Secretary of State in relation to additional
clerks for that Department should be referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. The reference was made
on the motion of the gentleman's colleague,
[Mr. Banks.]
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to my col-
league that the letter should go to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. BANKS. It requires a change of law,
I suppose, and I will not object to the refer-
ence to the Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the reference will be changed accordingly.
No objection was made.
DEFICIENCIES IN WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
estimates for deficiencies for the War Depart-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
DEFICIENCY FOR UTAH.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a copy of a letter from
the secretary of the Territory of Utah in rela-
tion to a deficiency for the Territory of Utah.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR DAKOTA INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, submitting estimates of appropriations
for the Sisseton and Wahpeton, San tee and
Sioux Indians, at Lake Traverse and Devil's
Lake, Dakota; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
OMITTED ESTIMATES FOR 1870 AND 1871.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in reference to an omitted estimate
for the years 1870 and 1871; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
INDEMNITY FROM CHINA AND JAPAN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of State,
in relation to the indemnity fund received from
the Governments of China and Japan by the
Department of State, amounting now in the
aggregate to §1,1(5,1,000; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
IIALLETT's POINT, LONG ISLAND SOUND.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in answer to a resolution of the House dated
December 20, 1869, transmitting a report of
the chief of engineers upon the feasibility and
Cost of cutting a channel through Hallett's
Point, at the head of Long Island Sound;
which was referred to the Committee on Com- ~
merce, and ordered to be printed.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 37.
new state department building.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of State
in relation to a commission appointed by Con-
gress to select a site for the erection of a new
building for the State Department, with an
estimate of its probable cost; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
CIVIL LAW IN VIRGINIA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
in relation to the administration of civil law
in Virginia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
Harris's rotary steam-engine.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, sub
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
_ Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed to inquire as to the utility and expediency
of introducing Harris's rotary steam-engine into the
naval servieo of the United States, and as to its fitness
and economy for any branches of such service; and
for that purpose the said committee are authorized
to require the opinion of any officers and engineers
connected with tho naval servioe, and to request the
opinion of such other persons regarding said engine
as to said committee may seem proper, and to report
thereon to this House by bill or otherwise.
NAVY-YARD AT LEAGUE ISLAND.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now begun, and the House, as the regular order,
resumes the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 480) for the transfer of tho Philadelphia
navy-yard to League Island, upon which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
is entitled to the floor for fifty minutes.
Mr. KELLEY. I propose to yield to my
colleague [Mr. Randall] to submit an amend-
ment to this bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend this hill
by adding to it the following:
All proceeds from the sales shall be covered
into the Treasury of the United States, to bo held
and used for the preparation of the new yard from
time to time as Congress may dircct: and tho Secre-
taiy of the Navy is hereby directed not to expend in
the preparation ofthe new yard for effective service
a greater sum of money than shall be realized from
the sales heretofore alluded to.
The SPEAKER. This amendment must be
treated as an amendment to the amendment of
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Wash-
bum,] in order that it may be now considered.
Mr. RANDALL. That is the form I desire
it to take.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask that both amendments
be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
will modify his amendment so as to provide for
covering this money into the Treasury I will
accept his amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. That is the exact word-
ing of my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. But it
authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to use the
money without an appropriation.
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir; it leaves the
money in the Treasury, subject to the action of
Congress. Let the amendment be again read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. SCOSTELD. I would suggest to my
colleague [Mr. Randall] that all difficulty
would be avoided, and the amendment made to
mean exactly the same thing, if "ho would leave
out all but the clause to cover this money into
the Treasury.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no objection to
modifying my amendment in that manner.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If it be
so modified I will accept the amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. My only desire was to
meet every possible objection to this bill.
Mr. KELLEY. I agree with my colleague,
the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, [Mr. Scofield,] that the proper form
for the amendment would be to have it termin-
ate with the phrase, "covered into the Treas-
ury of the United States."
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the Clerk to read
the amendment as modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
Proeeeds from all sales shall be covered into
tho Treasury of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I accept
that as a modification of my amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. PAINE. I send to the Clerk's desk a
communication from one of my constituents,
which, perhaps, has a bearing on the general
subject now under discussion.
The Clerk read as follows:
Cleveland, January 15,1870.
I send you a Cleveland paper containing the pro-
ceedings of the public in reference to the income
tax. There is a very deep feeling here against this
tax in particular, and against the grinding of-the
tax mill in general. We are being reduced to pow-
der, and if tho future brings an explosion it is not to
bo wondered at. This generation has done the fight-
ing and the Administration ought/not to grind the
debt out o.f it. Patrick killed the bote by pour-
ins ho t water down the animal's throat, but he killed
the horse also. Business here is dead, enterprise
paralyzed. A strong under-current is setting in
against the Administration in this matter of taxes,
and the ruling party must not lose its .hold on the
public. If they do they will weaken and attenuate
until, like the donkey of Hans, it will be necessary
to tio a knot in its tail to keep it from slipping
through the collar 1
Truly yours, e. b. hale.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, during the
few moments I was upon the floor yesterday I
attempted to bring to the attention of the House
the official information which has been obtained
since the report made in 1862, upon which the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn]
and the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations [Mr. Dawes] based all their sugges-
tions touching the fitness of League Island for
a navy-yard. I now propose, in pursuance of
the thought that then controlled me, to send
to the Clerk's desk and have read a'report
which was made before the acceptance of
League Island by the Government, in 1.867, by
Admiral Davis, then in charge of the Naval
Observatory; Major General A. A. Humphreys,
chief engineer of the Army of the United
States; James Alden, commodoreintheNavy;
J. W. King, chief engineer in the Navy, and
now in charge of the Bureau of Steam Engi-
neering of that Department; and Prof. J. E.
Hilgard, chief of the United States Coast Sur-
vey. The report will speak for its authors. It
may be that they know nothing about League
Island; but if they do know anything about it,
and their official word may be taken, the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin and the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations either know
nothing about it or most grievously misrepre-
sent it.
I ask the Clerk to read the report.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, April 11,1869.
Sir : The board appointed by the President of the
United States, under authority of ail act of Congress
appro ved. February 18,1867, to consider tho propriety
of accepting League Island and adjacent property
and rights from the city of Philadelphia for naval
purposes, has tho honor to submit the following
report:
The board has read with scrupulous attention tho
several reports and opinions on the subject of League
Island and its suitableness for naval purposes, pro-
ceeding from commissions of inquiry or from other
official authorities. It has given a respectful and
careful deliberation to the most prominent of the
controversial pamphlets written on the subject: it
has made a complete study of the original maps and
plans of League Island and the adjacent property,
among which are included the early original manu-
script topograpical sheets of tho United States Coast
Survey; it has investigated the hydrographical fea-
tures of tho surrounding channels and basins; it bos
entered into a thorough personal examination of
League Island, of the opposite shore of the back
channel, and of the channels themselves at different
periods of tho tide; it has bestowed its careful con-
sideration upon the relation of all the various points
and details involved to the present and future wants
and purposes of tho Navy of the United States, and
especially their relation to the supplies of material,
labor, and the sources of manufacturing power; and
feeling assured that theso deliberations, examina-
tions, and studios, added to the knowledge and ex-
perience already possessed by its members, qualify it
to form an opinion on thesubjeet of League Island in
respect to its geological, topographical, and hydro-
