1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
yard ; and the limits of the latter cannot be ex-
tended, as the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] suggested.
And now a word as to the condition of the
yard. Look at its machine-shops. I had the
honor to expose the fraudulent practices by
■which in one year after the war had closed
more than a million and a half dollars' worth
of tools had been purchased for the several
yards, nearly one million dollars from one
firm, and marry of them old tools at new prices.
The machine-shop received its share of these
and is so crowded that you cannot work half
the tools at one time. You cannot for instance
swing the cranes on the north side of the shop
when those on the south side are in motion.
Half the tools must always be idle.
The shop is a feeble frame building that
vibrates under the motive power and prevents
work from being done well or rapidly. A fire
occuring anywhere in that crowded yard would
sweep this and all'the shops of all the other
departments away. Yet, sir, limited as is the
extent of this shop, it is so large as to have
rendered useless one of the three dry-docks
belonging to the Government at its several
naval stations. It covers forty-five feet of the
ways of the dry-dock, and therefore, while
it is itself scarcely useful, it paralyzes and
renders useless that great and chiefest append-
age of the yard, the dry-dock. Why shall that
machinery not be removed to a place of safety ?
Why shall it notbe putonthe solid foundations
of League Island that the workmen you pay may
do their work speedily and well on machines
firmly placed, and not remain in a little frame
building ? That is the proposition of the Sec-
retary of the Navy and that is the whole prop-
osition. The amendment proposed to the bill
by my colleague [Mr. Randall] covers a defect
which had not attracted my attention or that of
my colleague, the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Scofield]—the clause
allowing the Secretary of the Navy to expend j
the proceeds of the sales of the old yard with-
out appropriation. I never would have as-
sented to such a proposition myself. But if
the amendment shall be adopted the money
received from the sale will be covered into the
Treasury subject to congressional appropria-
tion. Here you have a yard costing you a large
sum of money almost useless, and which is esti-
mated by the board of tax revision of Phila-
delphia to be worth to-day in cash in the mar-
ket $3,500,000. You have an island more
than three hundred acres of which are ready
to-day to receive machine-shops and other
workshops which maybe put under the shade
of oaks and maples that have stood there more
than a century and a half, as scientific men
say; indeed, as is said in one of the official
reports before me.
Now, why shall it not be done? Is it that
New England, with her two uavy-yards, with
three navy-yards east of the Hudson out of
seven belonging to the country, feels that no
steps should be taken toward improving the
condition of the naval station at Philadelphia
without giving New England one more navy-
yard? Is that the ground of opposition ? You
have a navy-yard at Brooklyn, one at Charles-
town, and one at Kittery, Maine; there is one j
at San Francisco, and there are three for all
the rest of the country; and New England,
through the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, puts itself forward in this
House with the dog-in-the-manger policy, and
says you shall not even practice economy until
you will give New England another naval sta-
tion, and put four east of the Hudson.
It is not my intention to wander out of the
discussion of the question before the House,
and in which I and my constituents have a
local interest, to vindicate the Administration,
but if the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] had had the goodness to turn to the
appropriations asked for in 1367, he would
have seen that on the broad scale adopted by
the Secretary of the Navy, of submitting all the
expenditures that are required in the present
and the future, the Navy Department asks for
a little over three million five hundred thousand
dollars, while the last Democratic Secretary
asked for 1868 and 1869 the sum of $10,141,038,
more than two dollars for every one. The gen-
tleman, when he was arraigning Grant and his
administration, and holding them up to derision
and contempt as ready to falsify all their prom-
ises^ seems to have forgotten that he was pre-
senting in one column the appropriations esti-
mated for this year and in another the appro-
priations accorded last year by an unwilling
Congress to an Administration that had sought
to betray the country. It was hardly fair that
these should be put in parallel columns to the
disparagement of the existing Administration.
Mr. DAWES. Will you state the exact
figures?
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot, for I have not
the gentleman's speech in full before me.
Mr. DAWES. I stated it yesterday. It is
in the book before you.
Mr. KELLEY. I know this : that during
the nine years I have sat here I have seen
these estimates cut down first in the committee-
room and then on this floor, and I have no
fear that there will be this year any increase
over the average of past years, i have no
idea that the appropriations will be as large
as they have generally been. But I say that
it is taking an unfair standard, to take last
year and run a parallel between t.he estimates
of this year and the appropriations of that
year of peculiar circumstances.
Mr. Speaker, I shall not consume much
more of the time of the House, but I beg gen-
tlemen to give their attention while I say a
few words directly upon thequestion of League
Island. The city ofPhiladelphia, in purchas-
ing this island and making a grant of it to th'e
Government, was moved by two considerations.
One was that the Secretary of the Navy had
appointed a commission of certain officers to
ascertain where a fresh-water basin could be
had for the iron-clads of the Navy when not
at sea. In that respect the people of Philadel-
phia were impelled by their patriotism. What
next ? The twenty acres of the present navy-
yard interrupt the business of the city, and
especially the travel and business along our
southern wharves. It interrupts three of our
streets running north and south and two run-
ning east and west. And the people of my
good city believed that if you would remove
the navy-yard from there, and sell the ground
for commercial and other purposes, the in-
crease of the taxable property of the city would
be sufficient to meet the interest on the money
invested in this island.
In these considerations you have the motives
that influenced the people of Philadelphia in
both directions. Their selfishness and their
patriotism were both appealed to and gratified.
They felt that they were gratifying both in
making the original investment of $310,000.
But the Government required both sides of the
back channel, and consequently the investment
has, because of the acquisition of that addi-
tional ground and from payment of interest,
now grown to be more than $400,000. The
Government of the United States does not
insure against fire; you have crowded into
twenty acres large ship-houses, storehouses,
the frame machine-shop of which I have spoken,
which contains more than a quarter of a mil-
lion dollars' worth of recently purchased ma-
chinery, the joiner's shop, and the shops of
all the other departments. You have large
quantities of naval stores in a block of build-
ings nearly a thousand feet long, and these are
all so compressed together that if a fire were
to break out in any central part, with a fair
breeze blowing, no human agencies could save
any of this property.
The wharf front is not long enough to allow
two ships to be laid alongside of it. Four
miles from it you own at League Island two
and a half miles of water front, with a greater
depth of water, with solid foundations for the
workshops, easily accessible by street railroads
from the central parts of the city and the homes
of our laboring people, and within fifteen hun-
dred yards of the terminus of the coal and
iron-carrying railroads of the State. This is
yours, given to you in consideration that you
would remove the dangerous obstruction which
you maintain in the city of Philadelphia-; and
in her name I ask you to pass this bill, and
when the appropriation bills come up, to see
that a fair average appropriation for-the naval
station at Philadelphia is inserted in the bill,
with the proviso that no part thereof, save so
much as may be requisite to the preservation
of the property at the old yard, shall-be ex-
pended elsewhere than at the League Island
station. That is all I ask and all the people of
Philadelphia have ever asked. And, sir, I
hope that the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,] accepting this
view of the case, will refrain from making his
motion to lay this bill on the table and allow it
to pass. He can then, as chairman ofthe Com-
mittee on Appropriations, see that the equities
of the case are fairly executed, and that rea-
sonable measures be adopted to remove the
danger and impediment to business which this
Government maintains in the heart of the-
commercial part of my city.
I now yield the balance of my time to my
colleague [Mr. Dickej] from the Lancaster
district.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not desire to enter into
a discussion or to attempt to replyto the argu-
ments of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] in reference to League Island. I
leave that to the Philadelphia delegation. I
have no doubt they will answer the gentleman
as to his solicitude for the health of the people
of Pennsylvania. We are very glad to have
such friendly indications from-Wisconsin. - And
I will leave the gentleman's history of the
formation of that island, from a period some
time anterior to the creation to the present
time, to the delegation from Philadelphia. I
shall, however, take this occasion to express
some dissent from some inferences and some
of the charges made by the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes]
against what he styled "the other end of the
avenue." I shall, in the few brief moments'
allowed me, attempt to show that the gentle-
man, no doubt unintentionally, has done great
injustice to the other end of the avenue. That
gentleman, in the course of his remarks, has
stated the gross amount of estimates submitted
by the Secretary ofthe Treasury to this House,
and has charged upon the other end of the ave-
nue the increase of those estimates over and
above the appropriations of last year. He has
charged that they desire to spend $331,000,000
of the people's money.
The gentleman has given a great deal of
advice to the members of this House, and
threatened them with grave punishments in the
future if they be not careful to avoid following
those estimates and allowing appropriations in
accordance therewith. But it would have been,
I have no doubt, more satisfactory to members
of this House if the gentleman from Massachu-
setts had lectured them a little upon their own
part of the responsibility, if he had talked a
little about their disposition to expend the pub-
lic money, if he had shown some willingness
to put the saddle on the right horse. These
estimates submitted by the Secretary of the
Treasury are, in general, estimates for execut-
ing laws of Congress ; all but a small propor-
tion of these estimates are for the execution of
provisions of existing laws. The examination
of a few items at which I have hastily glanced
since the gentleman made his speech will dem-
onstrate this proposition.
The gentleman savsthat these estimates are
$49,000,000 in excess of the appropriations
of last year. True; but the gentleman failed
to tell us that in these estimates are found such
items as these: Cocgress, Senate and House,
