580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1%
$192,000; pensions, $11,000,000. What could
j? unjust thiin to hold '' the other end
Of the avenue" responsible for the amount
necessary to pay soldiers' pensions authorized
b.y eating law; not the expenses of the Pen-
v1011, not the expenses of hiring clerks,
[?'.e payment of the pensioners themselves ?
If the gentleman had told us that $11,000,000
of the excess consisted of this item for the pay-
ment of pensions, his statement would have
been more satisfactory to the House and would
have relieved " the other end of the avenue "
from responsibility to that extent.
Another part of these estimates is for ex-
penses of public buildings in course of erection
m the various States—post offices in New York
and Boston, court-hous$s all over the land, the
erection of which has been authorized by Con-
gress, the construction of which is in progress,
Congress having made appropriations for their
commencement. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury has deemed it proper to estimate for the
completion of those buildings. The amount
necessary according to these estimates for the
execution of existing laws on this subject,
under direction of the Treasury Department,
is more than six million dollars. It is for Con-
gress to decide whether it will carry out the
policy indicated in existing laws with reference
to the construction of these public buildings.
It is not for an executive officer " at the other
end of the avenue " to nullify the laws of Con-
gress and say "I will not estimate for what
the law requires."
Another branch of these estimates is for the
construction of public buildings and works
under the authority of the Secretary of War,
among which are included river and harbor
improvements. These improvements have
been authorized by Congress, and appropria-
tions have been made for them. Over nine
million dollars of this excess of estimates is to
continue or complete these works.
When the War Department undertakes to
estimate for these works which Congress has
S! 1 rn be carriod on; when the Secretary
of the Treasury sends in estimates for the
amount of money necessary on these river and
harbor improvements, the gentleman from
Massachusetts turns round and complains of
the other end of the avenue." He should
have directed his complaint against Congress,
which has authorized expenditures for these
objects. I will gowith the gentleman in say-
We, the legislative department of this
Government, having authorized the construc-
tion of these works, will now put our foot down
and stop all unnecessary expenditures for such
purposes ; but we will not undertake to throw
the responsibility upon somebody else."
Again, the gentleman failed to tell us that
$031,000 of the amount embraced in these
estimates is chargeable to the Congressional
Printer—not an officer at "the other end of
the avenue"—for increased expenses of public
printing. The gentleman from Massachusetts
might have relieved " the other end of the
avenue" of the responsibility for this item and
placed the burden where it belongs, in this
body.
^1.' Does the gentleman mean to
say that the increase in the expenditures uf
the Congressional Printer is due entirely to
this end of the avenue?
Mr. DICKEY. I mean to say that the Con-
gressional Printer is an officer at this end of
the avenue; and I undertake to say that the
Secretary of the Treasury has merely submitted
the estimates of that officer for the expenses
of his office.
Mr. DAWES. But does not my friend know,
from his own investigations, that the increase
mthe expenditures of thi&offieeris due in great
part to increased duties imposed upon him by
the other end of the avenue?
_ Mr. DICKEY. But the gentleman has no
right to charge any increased expenditures of
this officer upon "the other end of theavenue."
The Congressional Printer is our officer; he
does our printing; he is under our control; he
asks this money, and the Treasury Department
estimates for it. The gentleman cannot justly
charge it as .an expenditure of the other end
of the avenue.
Mr. DAWES. All I ask is that "the other
end of the avenue" shall be credited with
that part of the responsibility which properly
belongs there.
Mr. DICKEY. Certainly; and I, too, am in
favor of bringing these chickens home to roost
where they belong. We have authorized these
extravagant appropriations; we have author-
ized the erection of these public buildings;
we have directed these marble improvements;
we have ordered all this congressional printing
to. be done; and, sir, when we have done all
this, we should not be afraid to assume the
responsibility for it.
Here is another item of $900,000 for the
Court of Claims. We are asked for an appropri-
ation of nearly one million dollars to meet the
judgments against the United States, rendered.
by a regular court of the United States, in ac-
cordance with the acts of Congress. Is "the
other end of the avenue" to be held respons-
ible for these judgments against the Govern-
. Are they to reflect against the present
Administration in comparison with that of
Andrew Johnson? Certainly such should not
be the case. If we do not wish to pay judg-
ments of the Court of Claims let us abolish
that court; but when we have allowed it to
render these judgments against the United
States let us pay them. They have been ren*
dered in our own court, under our own laws :
yet when the Secretary of the Treasury esti-
mates for the appropriation to pay them the
gentleman from Massachusetts charges him
with extravagance.
In addition to all this, Mr. Speaker, there is
a.deficiency bill of over four million dollars.
Here just let me make the remark that the
gentleman irom Massachusetts did injustice,
gross injustice, unintentional I am sure, to the
present Administration when he said that it
lad exceeded the estimates of the administra-
tion of Andrew Johnson, the profligacy of which
was one ot the main reasons why it was dis-
missed by the people fro.m the White House,
lhe last year Andrew Johnson's administra-
tion was running the estimates of his Secretary
of the Ireasury for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1869, were $372,000,000. Congress ap-
propriated and the administration of Andrew
J ohnson expended in its lastyear $325,000,000.
It is true that after estimating $372,000,000 for
the Johnson administration, and expending
$325,000,000, Congress, under the estimates
ot the Department, appropriated only $303,-
000,000 for the expenses of the incoming ad-
ministration of General Grant. Johnson's
Secretary of the Treasury made these reduced
estimates, not for that administration and for its
friends, but for the succeeding administration
and his enemies. He estimated, and Congress
cut down the appropriations. Some people
thought it was wise and some people thought
otherwise. An adverse Administration esti-
mated for the present Administration onlv
$303,000,000, when it had itself expended
$325,000,000. Perhaps it was well not to give
the incoming Administration this opportunity
to reduce the expenses of the Government
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
lias expired.
Mr. SCOPIELD obtained the floor.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 ask my colleague to yield
to ma. J
Mr. SCOPIELD. I yield to my colleague
tor nine minutes.
Mr. DICKEY. Now, sir, I will go with the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
or as far as any man upon this floor in cuttin-
down the appropriations for the expenditure?
of the Government; but I will do it manfully
by repealing the laws already enacted, and
putting a stop to all works not required by the
necessities of the public service. I will be
*
general and not special in my action, I will
vote with thegentleman-to cut down, the appro-
priation of $1,500,000 for the Boston navy-
yard. Instead of limiting his action to League
Island I will go with the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts :[Mri Dawes] and the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr, Washbubw,] whohave opposed
this proposition, to cut down tie appropria-
tions for the armories at Springfield and Rock
Island. If we do not need a navy-yard at Phila-
delphia still less do we need armories at Spring-
field and Bock Island; for if we can, as the
gentlemen say, purchase for the Navy cheaper
outside of the navy-ya.rds, it is an unquestioned
fact that arms can be purchased from private
manufactories as good and cheaper than they
can be manufactured by the Government. I
will go with the gentleman from Massachusetts
for all these propositions; but as long as those
armories are provided for by law, I shall not
vote to refuse to appropriate for one class of
works and vote for appropriations for works:of
less urgency and importance. I will not Vote
for some because they happen to be in Massa-
chusetts, and against others because they hap-
pen to be in Pennsylvania.
Now, to come back to the question of the
navy-yard at League Island, I pass by all ques-
tions of depth of water, &c., and say that the
island has been accepted by the Government;
the removal ofthe navy-yard from Philadelphia
was contemplated inthatacceptance. Whatdoes
the gentleman from Massachusetts propose to
do with it ? His logic reminds me of the court-
house which was to be built, not in Pennsyl-
vania or Massachusetts, but somewhere else ;
in Virginia, I believe. They asked for a reso-
lution similar to what we are asking, that it
was expedient and proper to remove the court-
house from the locality in which it had been
situated to one more eligible. The county
commissioners—
Ar*t.' That a new court-house is neces-
?v^t> r the administration of public justiee,
r Kesolved secondly, That a new court-house shall
be built upon the site of the old one.
twnJm, fi1 S.hat tbe 01,1 .court-house shall not bo
torn down till the new one is built."
That is the logic of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. The city of Philadelphia bought tbe
property, and we have agreed to build a navy-
yard there, and with that view we have to re-
move the one at Philadelphia. But the gen-
tleman says we cannot build a new one till the
old one is torn down, and we cannot tear down
the old one till the new one is built.
Now, one word more and I have done. I
have said before that I would go with the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts as far as he dare
go in reducing these appropriations; but I do
not think the simple proposition to remove this
navy-yard affords the proper time or place to
Jf j? kind of general tirade against
the Administration.
This navy-yard has never -been before the
Committee on Appropriations. This question
or League Island is not before us for consider-
ation and never has been. It is simply a con-
venient place for the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to tiang on a speech. As far as re-
duction of expenditures is concerned I hope
always to be found acting under the leadership
ot the gentleman who sits in guard of the treas-
ure-box of the nation, but do not wish that
gentleman to mislead others, nor myself to
be misled by him, into attacking and votin<*
against a proposition with reference to a work
that has not been estimated for and does not
involve the expenditure of a dollar from the
public Treasury.
fn How much time is left
tor the consideration of this bill ?
mr!rn! S?EAKER- Three minutes of the
morning hour remain.
nnt tlLree I eau-
lot well state what I should like further to say
Mrda^ce——6 t0 W115 and if !t is in ae
tw r'^YEES" 1 WOuld sugSest t(> my f«end
there are several gentlemen who still
