582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January ID,
from officers' pay accounts for this month and here-
after till otherwise advised through this office.
I!. W. B1UCE, Paymaster General.
Official:
J. H. Eaton, Paymaster United States Army.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think nothing need be
added to these papers to show the necessity
for some action on this subject by Congress.
It would seem that Congress did not intend,
perhaps, to limit the tax to the beginning of
the year 1870, but they appear to have limited
the means of collecting the tax to that year,
and iuferentially those whose salaries are sub-
ject to taxation and those who should pay
income taxes during the year 1870 are released
from the tax. It is to clear away all these
doubts that this joint resolution is now offered.
I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrosssd and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTION SIMPSON VS WALLACE.
Mr. BURDETT. I desire to announce that
on to-morrow, at the expiration of the morning
hour, I will call up for consideration the report
of the Committee of Elections on the contested-
election ease from the fourth congressional
district of South Carolina.
PENSION APPROPRIATION HILL.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that when the House
shallresolveitself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union and proceed to the
consideration of the special order all general
debate thereon shall be limited to one hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Myers in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The first special order
is House bill No. 781, making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions
of the United States for the year ending June
30, 1871.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask that the first and
formal reading of this bill be dispensed with.
No objection was made.
Mr. KELSEY. The bill now before the
committee makes appropriations for the pay-
ment of all pensions for the next fiscal year.
The amount appropriated by this bill for this
purpose is considerably larger than the amount
appropriated last year for a similar purpose.
Perhaps a brief review of the appropriations
for the last two or three years may be some-
what instructive, and will show why the amount
asked for is necessary.
The balance in the Treasury for the payment
of pensions was on the 80th of June, 1868,
$17,806,580 96. The amount, appropriated for
the year ending June 30,1809, was $80,350,000,
making with the unexpended balance $47,656,-
586 96. The payments during the year ending
June 30, 1800, amounted to $28,422,884 08.
The balance remaining in the Treasury June
30, 1869, was $19,233,702 88, and the appro-
priations for the year ending June 30, 1870,
were $19,250,000, making with the unexpended
balance the sum of $38,483,702 88. The esti-
mated payments during the current year will
amount to $33,422,884 08, leaving an unex-
pended balance on the 1st of July next of
$5,000,818 88.
It will be observed that there has been a
gradual increase of pensions since the close
of the war; and, judging from the number of
applications now before the Committee on Pen-
sions, the amount necessary for the payment
of pensions will gradually increase for three or
four years longer. A brief reference to the
report of the Commissioner of Pensions will
show what the increase has been for the last
year. During the year there were added to
the number of pensioners of all classes 23,196;
there were dropped from various causes 4,876;
leaving on the rolls June 30, 1869, 187,963
pensioners. The increase for the year was
15,064.
The yearly amount of pensions added to the
rolls was $3,045,857 33, as follows :
"Army invalids, $632,942 GO; Army widows, orphans,
and dependent relatives, $2,361,831 23; Navy in-
valids, $18,845 50; Navy widows, orphans, and de-
pendent relatives, $32,238."
The total amount paid for pensions of all
classes, including the expenses of disburse-
ments, was $28,422,884 08, a sum greater by
$4,411,902 09 than that paid the previipus year;
which augmentation, as the Commissioner of
Pensions states, will during the current year
probably be increased to $5,000,000. If this
estimate be correct this expenditure will ab-
sorb all the money we propose now to appro-
priate as well as the whole of the unexpended
balauce. I make this explanation inorder
that the House may see that although the sum
appropriated by this bill for all kinds of pen-
sions is much larger than the amount appro-
priated last year, the latter appropriation was
small in consequence of the very large unex-
pended balance on hand.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. KELSEY. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I observe that one of
the appropriations embraced in this bill covers
the payment of pension agents for disbursing
this pension fund. 1 would like to know from
the gentleman whether that item was estimated
for separately, and if so, the amount that has
been estimated for that service ?
Mr. KELSEY. The amount of the appro-
priation for the payment of pension agents has
been estimated by the committee at exactly
what it has been for several years past. There
has been no change in that particular.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 'Then, if the gentleman
will permit me, I would like to say to the House
in this connection that all the money that has
been paid to pension agents for the disburse-
ment of this fund of over thirty millions is
$200,000 annually, less than two thirds of one
per cent, upon the amount disbursed, which I
will venture to say is a cheaper disbursement
than has ever been made of any similar fund
in any other bureau or Department of this
Government.
I wish to say further that we have before
the House various propositions looking to a
change in the manner of paying pensions.
One proposes that payment shall be made
through the money-order offices of thecouDtry.
Another provides that these pensions shall be
paid directly from the Pension Office at Wash-
ington. A third bill contemplates the pay-
ment of these pensions through the various
post offices of the country. I have before me
the report of the Postmaster General, made
to this House in answer to a resolution adopted
a short time before the holiday .recess, calling
for information upon the practicability and
advisability of paying pensions through the
money-order offices instead of the pension
agencies, as they are now paid. This report
is full and complete, giving the various items
of expense that would attend payment in the
manner proposed ; and while the Postmaster
General says that it might be practicable to
pay pensions through the money-order offices,
he, in connection with the Secretary of the
Interior, estimates the items of expense as
amounting to more than double the present
cost of paying pensions through the pension
agencies.
Mr. KELSEY. I am very much obliged to
my friend from Missouri for the information
which he has furnished as. The considera-
tions which he has suggested will undoubtedly
be pertinent and proper when we take up the
question, which is now, I believe, before the
committee of which he is chairman, in relation
to the mode of paying these pensions. Those
considerations can, however, in my judgment,
have no bearing upon this bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman will per-
mit me to say that I am not proposing to offer
any amendment in connection with this bill.
I understand that- this debate is going on in the
hour allotted to general discussion upon the
bill.
Mr. KELSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wished to give that
information to the House, though my sugges-
tions might more appropriately be presented in
connection with another bill.
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Chairman, there is one
provision in this bill to which it is proper that
I should call the attention of the committee in
my opening remarks. It will be seen by refer-
ring to the last paragraph of the bill that the
Committee on Appropriations have incorpor-
ated in it a provision similar to the one re-
ported at the first session of the last Congress,
and that is to cover the Navy fund into the
Treasury and to make the Navy pensions pay-
able as the Army pensions are, directly from
the Treasury of the United States. This idea
of having a fund for the payment of the Navy
pensions specifically is one we have borrowed
from the mother country. It is of English ori-
gin, and as early as 1799 Congress passed the
first act creating a Navy pension fund. That
fund continued to exist until about the year
1848. In 1848 that fund was entirely exhausted,
and the Navy pensions were made chargeable
directly on the Treasury.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman yield to me ?
Mr. KELSEY. For how long?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For ten
minutes.
Mr. KELSEY. I will yield to the gentle-
man for ten minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I wish to call the attention of the House
for a moment to the matter last discussed by the
gentleman. There appears in the statement
of the national debt $14,000,000 of a Navy
pension fund. Now last year we were enabled,
through a committee of conference, to get the
interest on that fund cut down to three per
cent. It should be covered into the Treasury,
and the Treasury charged with the payment of
these Navy pensions, just as it is now charged
with the payment of the Army pensions. This
provision has passed the House three specific
times to my knowledge and as often dropped
in the Senate. I think we should go on in the
House as before ; at least I trust that no occa-
sion will be found on the part of the House
ior yielding.
But I wish to say a word to my friend from
Missouri, [Mr, Benjamin,] the chairman of
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, who has
undertaken on this bill to discuss another and
entirely different question from that which is
raised by the consideration of the bill itself.
The pending measure simply raises the ques-
tion of how much money shall be appropri-
ated for the payment of invalid pensions, but
the gentleman from Missouri discusses his
proposed mode in which those pensions shall
be paid. He apparently desires to steal a
march upon those who have a different idea
from himself for the payment of these pen-
sions by first getting the ear of the House and
creating a first impression. He gives as some
statistics; but, sir, of all things on the face
of the earth statistics as a general rule arc
roost unreliable, for the one who uses
them merely takes those which make for his
side and omits to quote those which make
against him. While figures will not lie in
themselves, still they make very great mis-
takes when they aro improperly collocated.
