1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
58a
My trouble is this. I do not care if it costs only
thrge fourths of one per cent, to pay these pen-
sions ; but, sir, how are they paid ? They are
paid once in every six months, only by fifty-
nine pension agents. Some two hundred
thousand dollars are distributed among those
fifty-nine pension agents simply for the pur-
pose of paying these pensions twice a year ;
but that does not include the amount which is
paid by these pensioners themselves. Our
poor pensioners are taxed nearly three million
dollars a year, in addition, for the purpose of
getting the pensions granted to them by the
Government. I know the ery which came up
from these pension agents when I introduced
as a measure of relief that these pensioners
should be paid through the medium of the
money-order system of the Post Office De-
partment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman will
permit me I will occupy his time for amoment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Go on.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suppose the gentleman
from Massachusetts is aware that there is a bill
now pending before this House, and ready to
be reported from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, which wili save to these pensioners
the $3,000,000 of which he speaks. It was in-
tended for that very purpose, and will effectu-
ally accomplish the object which he desires.
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassacliusetts. Very well;
I am obliged to the gentleman. He ba3 done
much good, or somebody has, by stirring this
matter up. When that bill comes up I have
no doubt we will all be obliged to my friend
from Missouri [Mr. Benjamix] for having
brought it in.
Well, we have heretofore taken from the
pensioners $3,000,000 annually to which they
were entitled; we have filched that out of the
little pittance we gave them. Then wo prom-
ised to pay them in gold, but we repudiated
that obligation and paid them only in green-
backs. While we passed resolutions to pay
bondholders in full in gold, we have taken ten
percent, off the pensioners. But that is not
the great trouble. We only pay the pensioners
once in six months. They are, as a rale, an
improvident class, and the consequence is that
being in want of money they pledge their pen-
sions illegally; and as only sharks and shysters
will lend them any money, their pensions are
often pledged for the last two or three of the
six months, which have to run at forty per cent,
in order that the pensioners may get something
to eke out their existence during that time.
Now, my proposition was that they should
be paid through the money-order offices once in
two months at least, I think once a month; and
whatever additional expense this might cause
the United States, I think the United States
might very well undertake on behalf of the
pensioners. We have fifty-nine pension agents
only, while we have seventeen hundred money-
order offices by which pension money might be
distributed. If you want to see the evils of the"
present system, go to any one of the large
cities, such as New York or Boston, and see
womra and one-legged and one-armed men
standing in a cue by hundreds through the
inclemency of a winter day, through the bleak-
ness of the March wind, waiting their turn,
waiting to get their pensions paid, waiting the
slow motion of the agent, who perhaps cannot
move any faster. I propose to get some one
who can, and who will be more than the Pen-
sion Office has been to the pensioner, because
it sometimes happened that at the end of the
six months the man did not get his money.
I desire to bring these matters to the atten-
tion of the House as an antidote to the views
of the pension agents which have been set
forib by my friend, the chairman of the Pen-
sion Committee, [Mr. Benjamin;] and if he
will .just wait until he gets his bill in for pay-
in? these pensions, i should be very glad to
diso'.iss the whole matter with liim.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELSEY. I wish to say in this con-
nection what I should have said before yielding
to my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] in relation to the covering of this Navy
pension fund into the Treasury. It is known
to all, I suppose, that this fund is created by
the sale of prizes captured during the war.
One half of those prizes is distributed as prize
money to the officers and men making the
capture, and the other half is paid to the Gov-
ernment. The Government have in the earliest
pension act set apart this half of these prizes
as a pension fund; but when that fund was
exhausted all these pensions came back from
the Treasury. As was remarked by the gen-
tlemen from Massachusetts, [Mr. BtrTLER,]this
House has three times passed a bill covering
this fund into the Treasury. It is a mere myth.
It exists now only upon the books of the Treas-
ury in the shape of a charge against the Gov-
ernment. The Treasury is responsible and
nominally in debt to the amount of $14,000,000.
-In the last Congress the interest on that fund
was reduced to three per cent, in currency.
Previous to that time it had been six per cent,
in gold. Now, it appears that by law these
pensions are chargeable upon the income of
that fund only; that that income is insufficient
to pay these pensions. The amount of Navy
pensions for this year is $73,116 04, more than
the entire income of that pension fund.
Now, one of two things must be done.
Either this money must be covered into the
Treasury and the pensions made chargeable
upon the Treasury as the Army pensions are,
or if we pay it out of the principal of the fund
the fund will be very soon exhausted, com-
paratively soon, and all these pensions come
back upon the Treasury again to be paid in the
same way as the Army pensions. It seems to
be a useless piece of machinery to keep up
what is denominated a separate fund for the
payment of pensions when there is no security
for it other than in appropriations from the
Treasury.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from what source the estimates for the
Navy pension fund were obtained upon which
the provision of this bill rests ?
Mr. KELSEY. They were obtained from
the printed estimates which have been laid
upon the desks of members.
Mr. STEVENS. From the Navy Depart-
ment?
Mr. KELSEY. Prom the Commissioner of
Pensions himself. He was twice before the
committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I would ask the gentleman
if the pension fund would not be sufficient to
meet all demands upon it if it were restored
to the six per cent, which was reduced one
half last year?
Mr. KELSEY. Yes, sir; it would be more
than sufficient if restored to the six per cent.,
but then we shall have just the state of things
which existed last year; we shall find that
there are schemes on foot that will be sent to
this House for the purpose of increasing the
emoluments of certain favorites of the Navy
Department, as we find was the ease in the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury for the
last year, in which he says, after speaking of
this fund:
" I recommcnd, therefore, that tlio pension laws
applicable to the Navy be revised, and such an in-
crease in the rates of pensions be authorized as the
fund will warrant."
When they have got a separate fund to charge
with these expenses, then there is no limit to
the claims of those who think they ought to be
more largely benefited by it. And further on
the Secretary argues that those men who are
favorites of the Department^properly enough
perhaps, are entitled to special benefits because
of the existence of this pension fund. And
then he says that this pension fund was created
by captures made by these men in (he Navy.
True, and they have had one half of the fund
to begin with, and the other half has been
set apart entirely for their benefit. The Gov-
ernment has paid the expense of fitting out and
maintaining its entire Navy in order to give
the benefit of all captures to the men who made
them. That rule does not obtain in the Army.
No matter how large an amount of property is
captured, neither the officers nor the men have
any share in it whatever. This pension fund
'is objectionable on another ground. It makes
the Navy more of an aristocratic institution
than it otherwise would be, and it is aristocratic
enough in all conscience.
Now, Mr. Chairman, having made these sug-
gestions in relation to this bill, which perhaps
furnish all the information that may be re-
quired at this stage of its consideration', I will
reserve whatever else I may have to say till
the close of the debate, and will now yield the
remainder of my time to my colleague, [Mr.
Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, this bill
appropriates $30,000,000. Within my day
$30,000,000 would almost have supported the
entire Government of the United States and
paid the entire expenditures on the civil list,
the pension list, and of the Army and Navy of
the United States. It was then considered, sir,
a very large sum of money, but is not so con-
sidered now. I intend to devote the time which
my colleague has kindly allowed me in this
debate to the consideration of the yet more
important question than that of pension appro-
priations, as to how or in what manner our
public money is being disbursed, as to how
and in what manner that Department under
which our public money is to be disbursed is
being managed, and I shall charge and attempt
to prove that there is the grossest maladmin-
istration upon the part of the Secretary in the
discharge of his official duties.
This, sir, opens up the whole question, not
only as to the disbursement, but as to the col-
lection of the revenue; not only as to the laws
under which that Departmentis being adminis-
tered, but also as to how far this executive
officer complies with the law in the discharge of
his duties. In my examination of the manner
in which the present Secretary has discharged
his duties I have reached the conclusion with-
out prejudice, because if I have prejudices
personally they are all in his favor ; but calmly,
dispassionately and without prejudice I have
reached the conclusion that under no previous
Secretary have we had so much serious mis-
conduct as we have had under this. I propose
within the time allotted me for this discussion
to attempt to prove these things.
I rise to say a few words on thegeneral subject
pertinent to the consideration of this bill, and to
refer especially to the maladministration of that
Department under which this money is to be ex-
pended. Though it may be true that the sums
proposed to be voted are in pursuance of law,
that they must be paid and must be. appropriated,
and that there is no discretion in the disburse-
ment of them, yet, nevertheless, this appears to
me to be a suitable time to make some practical
remarks as to the way in which the Treasury
at this time is being administered. I shall con-
fine myself to this, resisting the temptation to
go outside of that Department and subject
others to the same fair examination that I pro-
pose to give this. The Treasury Department is
of all others the most important, not only to the
Government, butalso to the general welfare of
the people. Its power over their interests is par-
amount. Ever since the commencement of our
late unfortunate war the Government has had
control of the basis on which rests all com-
mercial valcesin this country. When its credit,
as represented by the bonded and other debt, was
sent out to the wc rid it absorbed pretty much all
of Lhe then existing individual liabitilies, and
became the medium of exchange of property
as well as the foundation upon which property
sough.t to secure itself. It found its way into
the banking institutions and all other corpora-
tions, becoming the reliable resource on which
monetary aod commercial transactions rested ;
and when in addition Congress made it the
