584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19;
security for the national banking circulation
the whole business of the nation, with its vast
volume of transaction, became tributary to and
dependent upon it. And so it now remains.
It. bears the same relation to all of the moneyed
affairs of the people of this country, from the
man of New York, with his $50,000,000, to the
humble artisan, with nocapital but his sinews—
that the heart does to the human organization,
the least 'pulsation of which affects not only its
vitality but its healthful operation throughout
every ii bar of the body. Such is the public debt,
and vast i3 the power of him who can use and
control it at pleasure. An engine of such fearful
proportions is under the control of no other
man in this country or Europe. During the war
legislation gave to the Treasury Department
almost unlimited authority over everything ap-
pertaining to the debt and the currency. There
was little or no reservation. Congress, having
confidence in the discretion and integrity of the
then Secretary, withheld nothing. He was
invested by law with absolute control.
Indeed, the power which was then conferred
on that officer was greater than ever placed in
the hands of any other under our Government;
even the President has never had as much.
He can use at pleasure the public credit and
the public securities, and in consequence pos-
sesses an influence over the fiscal condition of
the country and the consequent effect on the
value of commodities which enables him to
hold everybody's interest at command. Thus
he can make the fortunes or accomplish the
ruin of individuals or communities at pleasure.
So, also, can he regulate the stock market,
putting up and putting down that kind of prop-
erty when he pleases. What other living man
can do the like ? Or, rather, let it be asked
whether any potentate of Europe or Asia pos-
sesses anything like so great a prerogative?
It is absolute, and beyond the reach of redress
for the time being. If an abuse of this power
is exercised and public clamor demands relief
the complaint is attributed to partisan hostility
or to defeated stockjobbing speculation.
Thus he can prosecute whatever schemes of
wrongdoing he may have conceived without
fear of interference, exposure, or successful
opposition. All he requires is the support of
his party in Congress and its press throughout
the country, easily to be obtained with his
resources, and he may go on ad infinitum, to
the end of the chapter.
I have said thus much as to the powers of
the office and in explanation of its character.
I now propose to examine the way in which
these have been exercised by the present in-
cumbent.
Most men would haveinstinciively hesitated
before assuming so much responsibility. Not
so with Mr. Boutvvell; he has had no appre-
hensions on this ground. The idea of the
effect of his actions on the interests to which I
have referred appears to have given him no
concern. He has been willing to exercise
not only all his legal authority, but a good deal
more. The power conferred has been ex-
hausted. and power not conferred has been
assumed,
I shall now prove this charge and pro-
duce the evidence which the facts afford. He
assumes to have been governed by a policy.
1 do not see any policy in his course. It has
been so changeable that it does not seem to be
governed by any fixed rule. At times the sale
of bonds has been so arranged as to enhance
the price; again, so as to depress them; while,
on the other hand, gold has been sold at a lower
figure than the market; and, again, gold has
been put upon the market for sale and then sud-
denly withdrawn when a little above the market
prices could have been obtained. He has paid
no respect to the course of trade as affected
by the condition of the money market. At
certain periods of the year there is a plethora
of currency at New York, while again, when
money is required in the South and West to
remove the crops to market, this redundancy
is reversed and a stringency ensues. This has
become so much the case that our banks an-
ticipate and prepare for it. Not so the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. He thought he had
nothing to do with such small matters; he
was a law unto himself. Last summer and
fall he overturned the whole of this by using
his vast resources to alter the usual order of
things in this regard. In the summer, when
there was as usual a large surplus of capital,
he added to it by buying five-twenty six per
cent, bonds which did not mature in eighteen
years, and disbursing currency for this purpose.
Why was this? Certainly there must have been
some motive other than the public good or
sound financiering. In buying these bonds he
not only suddenly increased the volume of the
outstanding currency, but he increased the
public debt. He paid $1,200 on demand for
$1,000 payable in eighteen years.
Though the outstanding and long-time debt
may have been decreased the then debt was
increased. In his desire to show a dimin-
ished debt on paper he violated a common
principle of good financiering by actually in-
creasing the amount of the immediate and more
present demands on the Treasury. His pur-
chases of bonds have been those which have
some time to run before becoming due. The
receipts from taxes have been devoted to this
purpose, while at the same time we have out-
standing $400,000,000 of unredeemed and dis-
credited notes not worth within twenty per
cent, of their face. Though thus under pro-
test, and dishonored in delault of payment of
our demand debt, the Secretary is buying up
bonds having a long time to run at a premium
of twenty to twenty-one per cent. What would
be said of the sanity of a merchant who,
though unable to pay his notes at. par, went
into the market to buy his paper having years
to run, and actually paid a premium to get
them at that ? Some of these bonds purchased
at a premium were issued under the act of
Congress which declared on its face that they
should be payable in legal-tender notes. He
paid them in legal-tender notes, but at a pre-
mium of about twenty-five per cent. He gave
a gratuity to the holders of $250,000 on every
$1,000,000 thus reduced. How can the Sec-
retary or his friends defend this? No mode of
reasoning can justify the payment of an obli-
gation in coin when gold is at a premium, as
it has been, of thirty to forty per cent., when
the obligation itself declares on its face that
it is payable in paper. No reasoning is neces-
sary to show the unpardonable ignorance, or
something worse, which the Secretary has shown
in these transactions. It was unjust to the
Treasury and to all other Government credit-
ors, whom he pays in greenbacks. And what
adds to the wickedness and folly of this pro-
ceeding is the fact that the original holders of
these bonds paid for them in greenbacks at
about sixty cents on a dollar, having bought
them of the Government when one dollar of
gold was worth more than two in paper. This
is what the Secretary did last summer and has
continued to do until this time.
Last fall the usual short supply of currency
occurred. Large drafts were drawn on New
York by the West and South. The collections
which lmd been gathering in New York for
four months were suddenly dissipated. A
light money market of course ensued ; and now
came the Secretary again. What was his
course? He stopped disbursing currency, he
restricted the sales and the purchases, and
actually refused to deliver after having adver-
tised a sale and directed the reception of bids.
The truth is, he had gone so far in the sum-
mer in a wrong direction as to have weakened
himself so much in the fall as to be unable to
grant the relief which, by every proper con-
sideration, he was compelled to do at that time.
Many failures occurred in consequence, and
a general prostration of trade, which still con-
tinues. For these he is responsible.
Another error in the policy of the Secretary
is the variable course he has pursued ia the buy-
ing of gold and in the selling of bonds. E&rly
ia December he announced that he would sell
$11,000,00ftgold; he sold but $9,000,000, with-
holding $2,000,000. He purchased $13,000,.-
000 worth of bonds. On the 1st of January lie
announced lis monthly programme to be the
sale of $4,000,000gold; on the 8th he suddenly
increased it $1,500,000. The announcement
of his intentions to buy bonds and sell gold has
much significance. Its influence is so great that
bankers and merchants regulate their affairs
accordingly. It is upon this part of the Sec-
retary's action that people look with interest.
The value of all imported goods is fixed by
the price of gold, and all other articles of
merchandise are subjected indirectly to the
same standard. Therefore, when the Govern-
ment steps in with its regulating power the
trading world looks on with concern and acts
accordingly. Now, when the intention is de-
clared at the beginning of each month that so
many bonds will be bought and so much gold
sold arrangements are made upon this basis.
For the month prices are very much established
by this data. Hence the general derangement
caused by a departure from the publicly de-
clared intention of the Government. It is far-
reaching and widespread, causing uncertainty,
timidity, and inequality, and often distress and
sometimes ruin.
But I have yet greater objections to the coarse
of Mr. Boutwell. He has not only exercised
fully and up to the very limit all the power con-
ferred upon him by law, but he has exceeded
this limit, not only assuming doubtful powers,
but transcending even them. I do not make
this charge without due reflection. Let us look
at the fact. By the sinking fund act the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may purchase bonds to
the extent of one per cent, of the whole amount
of the public debt, provided that the surplus
coin received from customs duties shall be
large enough to admit of such purchase. Thus
his power to buy bonds is limited. It is not
only limited as to the amount he shall buy, but
also as to the purpose for which he shall buy.
He may purchase in each year one per cent, of
the whole public debt, no more, and then only
for the purpose of the liquidation of the debt,
putting the amount of purchase in the sinking
fund provided for that purpose. How has the
Secretary respected this law? Let us see.
When he came into office on the 4th of March
last the debt was $2,525,463,260 01, and he
had authority to reduce it a little over two mil-
lions per month, no more. This was the extent
of his legal power. Instead, however, of con-
fining himself to this, lie has bought, according
to his own official statement, over seventy-five
millions up to the last of November, 1869, at a
cost to the Treasury of about one hundred mil-
lions in currency; and he continues to buy,
though his power under- the sinking fund act
has been some time exhausted. This is a pal-
pable violation of law; an open, flagrant, dis-
regard of the statute ; and that, too, by a man
who but a few months ago voted and argued in
favor of so stringent a compliance with law by
the President that for the slightest deviation
or even error of construction he should be im-
peached and removed. It might be interesting
to quote some of the Secretary's ideas of execu-
tive duty to the law-making power as enunci-
ated at that time, but as it is not pertinent to
my argument I shall forego the great induce-
ment to do so. But how does the Secretary
excuse his own conduct under similar circura-
stances ? It is remarkable how differently the
same persons will sometimes view the same
thing under different circumstances. His iloes
not deny his responsibility. On the contrary,
he freely admits it in his report, and asks Con-
gress to remedy his dereliction by making a
law to meet the case. In his report he siiyi -.
''The apt of February 25,1<62, provided that fho
com received for duties upon imi'oried gooJusbouH
ii be annually set apart as a sinking fund to the cxtei- 
1 oi one per cent, of the euH>rc debt of thoUnitcil,-?! .v r -•
in conformity with this requirement I i-ui-
