586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19*
the law, whoseimportance as a member of this
House was derived from his rigid requirements
of the late President to execute the law in letter
and in spirit! Indeed, he came into his present
office as the peculiar exponent of the principles
of the execution of the exact law. The gentle-
man designed for Secretary of the Treasury by
General Grant was ineligible in consequence
of the existence of some obsolete requirements
in some obscure law, which provided that any
one engaged in trade could not hold the office.
He was rejected by the Senate only for this
reason; that body required some one who was
not only legally qualified, but who would carry
out to the very extent every requirementof the
law. And the present Secretary was the man
selected. To him, therefore, we had the right
to look for the crossing of every t and the
dotting of every i in the execution of "the
law." I have shown how he has met this
expectation.
_ Thus far I have confined myself to a discus-
sion of the administration of the duties of his
office, only selecting such acts of administra-
tion as are open and flagrantly wrong. I have
said nothing of his peculiar theories as a finan-
cier. Of them we know nothing except as
developed in his report just made. It is the
only exposition we have had of his financial
policy, and by it we may form a conclusion as
to the character of his mind and ability to grasp
these great questions. I am confident that on
reading and carefully examining this document
an unprdudiced mind will acquit the Secretary
of one of the charges sometimes made against
him, that of actual dishonesty. It makes his
incapacity so evident that all the errors to which
1 have referred are explainable on that ground
rather than on a supposition of a willful intention
to use his office for impure and dishonest pur-
poses. He plainly makes apparent a want of
knowledge by the crude and absurd recom-
mendations he puts forth in this paper. As
ridiculous as is the financial part of the Presi-
dent's message, this of the Secretary is even
more so. He shows that however much ca-
pacity he may have heretofore displayed in
discussing the abolition of slavery, the rights of
women and negroes, and in the management
of the details of a plan like that of a Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, that in his present
sphere, requiring an enlarged and comprehen-
sive acquaintance with the principles of mod-
ern finance and a thorough, practical knowledge
of the working of an immense moneyed en-
gine of power like the Treasury Department
of the United States, he is sadly deficient and
altogether unequal.
lo make this plain it is only necessary to
examine his report. He presents two leading
ideas, namely, to reduce the public debt by a
continued heavy taxation, and to continue in
existence the present volume of Government
currency, with a hint that it could be with pro-
priety increased. He argues in favor of ap-
preciating the public credit, which he pro-
poses to do by buying up unmatured bonds,
and yet he proposes measures which will de-
preciate the credit still further by continuing
aud enlarging the demand debt of the Govern-
ment., represented by the greenbacks, now
under protest and dishonored. He states
that the ability of the country to resume is
dependent upon the condition of its indus-
tries and to its financial relations to other
countries." And yet he recommends a pro-
longation of the present exhausting drain upon
these industries _ by the present severe and
exorbitant taxation which, together with the
depreciated paper currency he favors, renders
them feeble and unproductive. He thus, ac-
cording to this theory, puts off indefinitely his
capacity to resume. ]f it be true as he al-
leges that resumption is dependent on any
such considerations as stated it is evident that
he wishes to place the country in a position
where resumption will be impossible. He
does not appear to see that such a policy is
sadly averse to a restoration of wood credit;
that even the alleged reduction of the debt pro-
cured by such means and at such a sacrifice be-
comes a great evil, which must speedily reduce
the credit of the Government, while it will
eventually result in an increase of the debt
itself.
He attaches great importance to our relations
to other countries, stating that our power to
resu me specie payments is very much dependent
upon them, and at the same time recommends
an application to foreign capitalists for a large
loan under his consolidation theory. Though
alleging that our power to resume is very much
under European control, he asks Congress to
place the United States yet further under for-
eign domination by issuing a new loan of $1,200,-
000,000 expressly for that market. According
to this theory, he would turn us over, bound
hand and foot, to foreign capitalists whose inter-
ests and sympathies are hostile to our institu-
tions, to our independence, and to our onward
march to the front rank among the nations of
the world. _ But as objectionable as is the rec-
ommendation of making this country thus de-
pendent on Europe, the terms and conditions
proposed for the loan itself is even yet more
indefensible. That it may not be thought that
I do the Secretary injustice I quote his own
language. He says:
_ " The subscribers in Europe shall receive their
interest m London, Pari?, Berlin, or Frankfort, as
they may elect; the bonds, both principal and inter-
est shall bo free from all taxes, deductions, or abate-
ments of any sort, unless it shall be thought wise to
subject citizens of tbe United States tosuchtax upon
incomes derived from the bonds as is imposed by the
laws of the United States upon incomes derived from
other money investments."
Here is a recommendation that the foreign
holder of these bonds shall be freed from a tax
which he proposes Congress shall impose upon
the American holder. He thus offers advan-
tages and favors to foreigners which he would
deny to his own countrymen. The bondholderin
Europe shall pay no taxes in aid of the Govern-
ment expenditures, while the bondholder here
shall not only bear his full proportion of this
burden, but that portion of it also which goes
abroad to pay the interest on this foreign debt.
Nor is this the worst feature of this proposition.
The industry of the country must bear an addi-
tional burden in consequcnce of this exemption
from taxation of so large an amount of property
held abroad. If the$l,200,000,000 loan shall be
all taken in Europe at four and a half per cent., as
suggested, the interest upon it will amount to
$5,400,000 a year, in coim This sum must
be sent to Europe in two semi-annual payments
in goldx which, estimated at say twenty per
cent, premium, will amount to about six and a
half million dollars of interest alone. Now who
contributes this ? The answer will suggest itself
to the humblest intellect. The people and their
industry must bear this additional burden in
order that this new favored class, the peculiar
friends of the Secretary, may receive their in-
come from this country "free from all taxes,
deductions, and abatements," in the language
as proposed by him. How any man who has
regard for the dignity of this position can send
forth to the American people such a document
is more than my poor comprehension can under-
stand. But let us look at this consolidation
scheme a little further. He proposes to fund
what will remain of the existing debt by issuing
new bonds in three classes, namely, $400,000."
000, payable in fifteen years ; $-100,000,000 in
twenty years, and 8400,00,000 in twenty-five
years, atfourand a half per ccnt. interest, and
that the existing bonds known as five-twenties
shall be received in exchange for the new issue.
This proposition is based upon the idea that he
can negotiate such a loan in Europe at par at
the rate of interest stated. Fortunately for the
country, the Secretary predicates his theory
upon an impossible accomplishment; butif pos-
sible it would be a very great national calamity
. i he bonds now outstanding draw six per cent
interest. It is estimated that about one half
of tms amount is already held in Europe,
iir. vvell.i m his excellent report states it at
$1,000,000,000. If the language of the Secre-
tary is to be literally construed when he says
that these outstanding bonds which now bear
six per cent, interest " shall be received in
exchange for the proposed four and a half per
cent, bonds," he means that the holders shall
be compelled by law to relinquish the former
and receive,the latter in exchange for them.
His language can have no other construction.
1 hold that this is repudiation in its worst form.
It repudiates the responsibility of the Govern-
ment to pay six per cent, interest by compelling
the creditor to receive only four and a half per
cent, interest instead. It means this or it means
nothing. If he means the payment of the bonds
now out at this time by the negotiation of our
bonds at the new rate of interest, let us see
whether it can be done. If the latter is the
design the error is equally palpable. The
Government cannot negotiate a loan either
here or in Europe on such terms. 'The propo-
sition is impracticable and cannot be executed.
The funded debt of England, Prance, and
Prussia, the three great specie-paying nations
of Europe, is selling at a rate that proves this
assertion. The value of a security of this
character is very much dependent on its per-
manency as an investment. Short-time public
loans do not command as high price as those
like the funded debt of the above nations,
which are considered interminable. Should
England, France, or Prussia issue a like bond
to that which is proposed, of a temporary
duration before payment, it would not com-
mand within ten per cent, of the value of the
present debts of those countries. And there
is a good reason for this difference in their
value. In Europe the consols have their chief
merits in their permanency. TheyofFer areliable
and certain security, unchangeable and fixed.
Thus the estates of minors, widows, and in-
vestments where annuities are required prefer
these instead of others. They are placed
beyond tbe accident of change or the hazard
of wrong. It is the permanent security offered
by the State comprising the nation, and not
that dependent upon the integrity or success
of corporations or individuals.
A bond having from fifteen to twenty-five
years to run, as suggested by the Secretary, could
not command in Europe within ten to fifteen
per cent, of their own bonds. Possibly our
new four and a half per cents, could sell for
about the price of their three per cents. This
is a liberal estimate of their value under the
circumstances. At last advices English three
per cent, consols were worth in London. 92J for
100, the French rentes, three per cents., were
worth in Paris 72J for 100; and the Prussian
loan, four and half per cents, were worth only
93 for 100, thus showingthat the favorite secur-
ities of these three specie-paying and solvent
nations were at a discount in their own capi-
tals. How, then, can the United States nego-
tiate a loan there of this class on better terms
than their own is worth?
We are asked to dishonor the existing debt
by exchanging it for a security of inferior value,
or to place upon the markets proposals for a
new loan, which probably could not be nego-
tiated at all, either here or abroad, on the terms
and conditions proposed. This presents the
alternative of dishonor or discredit. One or
the other, or both of these objections present
themselves to the Secretary's theory in practice.
In either case I doubt whether the country
would be satisfied. Whether satisfied or not,
it is quite evident that the man who gravely
presents to the world schemes so void of com-
mon sense is sadly deficient in the necessary
requisites^ required for the discharge of the
duties which unfortunately have been imposed
upon him in this instance. I do not propose
2 -u T,. e Secretary further. Aside from
the absurdity of many of his recommendations,
their inconsistency with each other is quite
apparent. Recommending a foreign loan, as
stated m one part of his report, he deprecates
the existence of a foreign debt in i.nothci. and
