1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
in other reflectionsandsuggestionsheis equally
at fault, with himself.
In these remarks I am influenced by no con-
sideration of personal hostility to this gentle-
man. My relations with him as a member of
. this House for five years were pleasant, and
so, far as I know and believe, mutually agree-
able. But in the discharge of my public duty
ljo mere personal considerations shall deter
me from a frank expression of opinion. The
interests now intrusted to him are too delicate
and far-reaching in their influences for me to
hesitate in characterizing his execution of
them in proper terms. The labor earnings,
property, and condition of the people, the
honor of the Government, are directly depend-
ent upon his administration. "With this view
of the magnitude of the interests involved, I
cannot be restrained from a full expression of
opinion. I have thus called the attention of
Congress and the people to the subject that
the remedy may be applied. At any rate, I
have discharged my duty; let others do theirs.
The CHAIRMAN. The hour limited by the
House for general debate has now expired.
The bill will now be read by paragraphs for
amendment, subject to the rule allowing five
minutes debate upon amendments.
The following paragraph was read :
For Navy pensions of widows, children, mothers,
fathers, brothers, and sisters of sailors and marines,
fj provided by acts of August 11,1848, July 14,1862,
uly 25,1866, and July 27, 1868, $331,475: Provided,
That the fund known as the Navy pension fund shall
ho covered into the Treasury of the United States,
and all Navy pensions shall hereafter be appropri-
ated from the general funds in the Treasury in the
same manner that Army pensions are.
Mr. SLOCUM. I move to amend the par-
agraph just read by striking out the proviso to
cover the naval pension fund into the Treas-
ury. I understand that this naval pension fund
is derived from one half of the proceeds of
the seizures made by the Navy, and is setapart
by law for the benefit of the widows and or-
phans of the officers and sailors of the Navy.
It belongs to them just as much as the other
half belongs to the officers and sailors of the
Navy.
It is now proposed by this bill to take this
fund away from the widows and orphans. The
gentleman in charge of this bill [Mr. Kelsey]
admits that under the laws as they stood for-
merly this fund would give them an increased
pension. Every dollar of the fund belongs
to them. They are entitled to it under the
laws in existence when the men enlisted. We
have no more right to take this fund away from
them than we have to go to Admiral Farragut
and other officers and demand the share they
have received from the other half of the prize-
money.
Mr. KELSEY. My colleague [Mr. Slocttm]
is entirely mistaken in some respects in the
argument he has made against this proviso.
The law under which the present pension fund
exists was passed in 1862. It is not entirely
for the benefit of the widows and orphans of the
sailors; it is for the payment of naval pensions.
The officers and sailors and marines have had
one half of the value of the prizes captured
during the war. The other half has been paid
into the Treasury and set apart as a fund out
of which to pay Navy pensions.
Now, the objection to having this separate
fund is that in all such cases an effort is made
to bestow special favors upon certain favorites
of the Department. That is one reason why
this House has on two occasions passed just
such a proviso as this, covering this iund into
the Treasury, so that the Army and Navy in
this respect may be on an equal footing. There
is aristocracy enough in those two branches of
the service without increasing it by building up
a separate fund for their convenience and ben-
efit. Whenever a fund is set apart for sueh a
purpose you are constantly appealed to by the
argument that it costs the Government nothing
to pay mone}r out of this iund. Sir, every dol-
lar of that fund has cost the Government move
than thirty dollars. It cost the Government
more than four hundred million dollars to main-
tain the Navy during the late war. Here is the
sum of $14,000,000 in your Treasury to repre-
sent the Government's half of captured prop-
erty, and the Government is charged with that
amount as a debt.
Now, we say that this distinction should not
exist; that it is entirely unnecessary that these
men, who have already had their share of prize-
money, should have any better security for the
payment of their pensions than those in the
Army have, who have had no prize-money at
all. I hope, therefore, that this proviso v/ill
not be stricken out, for it is one step in the
right direction.
There is another reason why this proviso
should be adopted. In every monthly state-
ment coming from your Secretary of the Treas-
ury there is an item of nominal indebtedness
against the Government of $14,000,000. The
indebtedness is merely nominal, but the item
swells the aggregate amount, which would be
reduced just that much if you place this fund
where it ought to be, in the Treasury of the
United States, and place the naval pensions,
as they should be placed, upon the same foot-
ing with Army pensions.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Kelsey] to inform
the House whose money this fund really is,
whether it belongs to the Government or to the
men who earned it as prize-money?
Mr. KELSEY. I say that it really belongs
to the Government. The Government at an
expense of more than four hundred million dol-
lars maintained the Navy, paid these men their
bounties, their wages, and supported them in
all respects while they made the captures from
the proceeds of which this fund has arisen. We
are now asked to hand the whole of this money
over to these pensioners, to make the Govern-
ment a debtor to them to the amount of this ad-
ditional $14,000,000, after it has cost the Gov-
ernment so much to realize this money.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman from
New York yield to me a moment ?
Mr. KELSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. SARGENT. I understand that the naval
officers and the sailors have already received
all that they were entitled to under the laws of
the United States as their prize-money.
Mr. KELSEY. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. That this is that part of
the money which went to the Government of
the United States.
Mr. KELSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. SARGENT. That it is now kept in a
separate fund, upon the theory that Congress
may at some time or another refuse to pay the
pensions which considerations of humanity and
a proper recognition of the services of these
men require should be paid. No such security
is deemed necessary in behalf of the Army.
Undoubtedly Congress will appropriate money
for these pensions so long as it is proper that
they shall he paid. But I understand the fact
to be—I ask the gentleman from New York
whether I am correct in my understanding—
that nominally the debt of the United States is
swelled by the amount of some fourteen million
dollars by this fund; that, furthermore, alittle
less than fourteen million dollars is required
to pay these pensions ; and the naval officers,
or those in charge of the fund, are accustomed
to make use of the difference between the
amount actually required and the whole amount
of the fund to pay increased salaries to favorite
officers, clerks, &c., a mode of expending
money which Congress would not approve and
which could not be carried on except under the
pretense of maintaining this fund.
Mr. KELSEY. That I understand to be
the true state of the case.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
from Ncv York permit me to make a single
reai ark
Mr. KELSEY. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman,thepay-
ment of naval pensions, whether this fund is
nominally preserved or not, rests after all upon
the good faith and the capacity of this Govern-
ment, precisely as does the payment,of pen-
sions to soldiers. If the Government should
choose to repudiate the payment of these pen-
sions, to abolish this fund, it would have the
power to do so. But so long as the Govern-
ment stands it will never refuse to pay a dol-
lar which it ought to pay. After all, the ques-
tion is simply whether we will keep on our
books a fund which exists only nominally,
which has no existence in fact, and the nom-
inal continuance of which can answer no good
purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD. With the consent of the
gentleman from New York, I would like to
make a suggestion. There is, I submit, a dif-
ference between Navy pensions and Army pen-
sions. The Navy pension is paid in pursuance
of a contract made with the sailor at the time
of his enlistment. This pension is as much a
part of the contract under which he enters the
service as the payment of his monthly wages.
The Army pension, the pension of the sol-
dier, is, on the contrary, in the nature of a gra-
tuity, an exercise of munificence on the part
of the Government. There is no contract for
the payment of the Army pension excepting
perhaps the implied contract growing out of
the general policy of the Government from the
beginning, to remember and recognize the ser-
vices of its soldiers. Bnt the Navy pension,
as I understand, rests upon an entirely differ-
ent footing. This naval pension fund, so far
from belonging to,the Government, is really
the money which these men have wrested from
the enemy at the cannon's mouth and on the
quarter-deck in their engagements upon the
high seas.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to make a single suggestion? The
mode in which the Govern mentis to distribute
to the naval pensioners the sums to which they
may be entitled rests entirely in the discretion
of Congress. Wo may distribute this fund in
larger or smaller amounts; in other words, we
may by law make these pensions larger or
smaller. That the condition or mode of dis-
tributing this fund or any fund to the naval
pensioners rests in the discretion of Congress.
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I desire, Mr. Chairman,
to state the reasons which will induce me to
vote for the proposition of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Slocum] to strike out this
provision of independent legislation. They
are two, and the first is because the Navy De-
partment has had no notice and no opportunity
to be heard before the committee here on this
question of striking out of existence the fund
set apart and known as the Navy pension fund.
I do not propose to go into a history of the
introduction of this clause before the House, as
it is sufficient for my purpose to say that tho
Navy Department have indicated to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs their desire that that
committee should give its attention to a revis-
ion of the whole subject of Navy pensions.
That indication has been given, as I believe, in
entire ignorance that any clause like this was
pending before or would bo reported by any
committee of this House. It seems to me only
fair that the Navy Department shall be lieaid
from before we take any action on this matter,
for they are in some sense the guardians of
this fund.
In the second place, Mr. Chairman, I do not
apprehend the character and condition of the
fund to be precisely as stated by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Kelsey.] lunderstand
there is something like good faith on the part
of the Government toward Navy pensioners.
I understand that by immemorial usage prifcas
belong to the captors, subject, of course, to the
regulations under the laws of Congress. ^ -y--
have decided by our legislation that one had
of the prize-money shall go to the living and
one half be reserved as a pension fund for the
living and dead. That latter poition has been
