588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
set aside, as I understand, and is invested in
bonds of the United States to the extent of
some fourteen million dollars. It is held as a
trust fund in the Treasury of the United States,
out of which these Navy pensioners are to be
paid. Now, what is the proposition before the
House ? The trustee proposes to take this fund
to its own use, to blot it out of existence, and
say that these pensioners shall be remanded to
general legislation, and this fund, for years pre-
served to them under the sanction of law, seized
and extinguished. For these reasons I shall
feel compelled to vote for the motion of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Slocum.]
The CHAIRMAN. All debate on the pend-
ing amendment is exhausted. >
Mr. KELSEY. I move tostrike out the last
word, for the purpose of saying a few words.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to ask the
gentleman who last addressed the House, and
who seemed to be familiar with this subject,
whether the sailor could get any more pension
out of the Navy fund than he would get out of
the Treasury; in other words, whether the
amount of pension is not fixed by law under
one system as well as the other ?
Mr. STEVENS. Unquestionably that is so ;
but at the same time it does not touch the
question whether this was a fund set apart for-
ever, out of which the payment was to be made.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to answer the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire. His first point
of complaint against this proviso is that no
notice was given to the Navy Department of
our intention to report this provision of the
bill. It is something new to me, at all events,
that this House is required to give notice to
any Department of what it intends to report
until it has been r eported. The Navy Depart-
ment has no more interest in this fund than
any other branch of the service. The Secre-
tary of the Navy has 110 more interest 111 it than
any member upon this floor. Therefore I dis-
miss that complaint as 110I sound or worthy of
our consideration.
He says further this is in violation of good
faith. On that 1 take issue with the gentle-
man. All the faith that this Government is
pledged to is that these men who were wounded
in the service shall have the pensions established
by law, and that is just exactly what we pro-
pose to give them. We have made 110 bargain
with them that any gold shall be hoarded for
them, or that they shall get their money in any
particular way ; but what we have agreed to is
to pay them these pensions, and when we have
done that we have discharged our full duty.
.But, he tells us further that tiiis fund is invested
in bonds. Here again i must correct, him.
This fund is not invested in bonds. As I
stated in my opening remarks it is invested
nowhere. It stands simply upon the books
of the 'J reasury as a charge against the United
States. It is not, invested in any securities and
never has been so invested.
Mr. MAYHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me a question 1
Mr. KELSEY. Certainly.
Mr. MAYHAM. I understand the gentle-
man to say that it stands upon the books of
the Treasury of the United States as a charge
against the United States. In favor of whom
is that charge?
Mr. KELSEY. In favor of the Navy pension
fund, the very thing which we seek to put out
of existence.
Mr. MAYHAM. Is it not in favor of the
Navy pensioners, and a security to them that
they will be paid?
Mr. KELSEY. No; itis notin favorofthe
pensioners, in security that they will be paid.
J t is in favor of the Navy pension fund, which
is really a myth, which has no existence except
on the books of the Treasury.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the fund notbeen in-
vested in bonds ofthe United States?
Mr. KELSEY. 1 made inquiry of the Treas-
urer of the United States a day or two before
this bill was reported, and he informed me
that it had not been so invested, and that its
only existence is on the books of his Depart-
ment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a simple remark. This fund, as the
gentleman has stated, stands upon the'books
of the Treasury Department ana was formerly
subject to six per cent. • interest, which was
carried annually to the credit of the fund; but
I think two years ago a change was made, and
since that time it has been subject only to three
per cent., which is carried annually to the
credit of the fund.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Kelsey] has expired.
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
the amendment. Having had to do with' this
question for two years I desire to state to the
House exactly how the matter stands. As
long ago as the year 1800 a pension fund "was
set apart to be made up out of one half of the
prizes, such as they were, for there were very
few prizes taken in the early part of the history
of this country. 'The fund was not then enough
to pay the pensions. Then came the war of
1812, and the fund grew again, and went on
until 1848, 1 think, when it was exhausted, and
then the sailors came upon the Treasury for
their pensions; and thiscontinued until the war
of the rebellion, when prize money to the
amount of $o0,000,G00 was distributed or was
pledged. A portion was distributed to the sail-
ors, and the balance, $14,000,000, remained at
the Treasury to the credit of this fund. The
fund was credited with six per cent, interest
until last year, when on the report of a com-
mittee of conference we passed an act which
provided that hereafter the interest should be
but three per cent.
The committee, therefore, will see that
whenever there is enough of this fund the
sailors will be paid out of it; and whenever
there is not enough the Treasury will be called
upon to pay it. I want this apparent debt
against the United States struck off the books,
and I want not only this fund paid into the
Treasury of the United States, but the whole
funds of the United States in the Treasury
pledged for the payment of these sailors' pen-
sions. I want that they shall have not only
these $14,000,000, but the $100,000,000 of
gold that is in the Treasury and all that may
be put there hereafter, pledged for the pay-
ment of their pensions. This, I believe, is the
way in which the Army pensions are paid, and
the difference is, that we stand with a fund
accumulating for the payment of naval pen-
sions bearing three per cent, interest, and
whenever there is any overplus there has been
always a report of the Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury to have that overplus paid away. The
last thing he wauled to do was to pension the
admirals' widows out of the surplus. Now I
want to have it put back into the Treasury,
where there cannot be a surplus; and when
naval pensions are given, let us give them out
of the Treasury and have no surplus. Let us
not continue this plan of making a charge on
the Tieasury, 011 which it is as much a charge
as it is 011 the taxation of the people, and call-
ing it a fund. It was one of those convenient
things which we derived from the old English
system, under which expenditures of the Gov-
ernment could be covered up from the people
so that they could not find out what they were;
and while we in this House, the guardians of
the purse of the people, have attempted to
abolish it for three years, and while our Com-
mittee on Appropriations have unanimously
each year reported against it, as they have done
this year, yet we have been met in the Senate
with objections.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn ; and the question recurred on Mr. Slo-
cum's amendment, to strike out the proviso.
Mr. SLOCUM. I rise to a point of order.
1 claim that in an appropriation bill a clause
repealing a law is not in order, ami this vir-
tually repeals the law setting aside this fond.
Mr. KELSEY. The point of order comes
too late. .
Mr. SLOCUM. It is a virtual repeal of that
act.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules-the
point of order. It is too late now to make it.
The bill ha-s been referred to the committee as
a special order by the House.
The question was taken on Mr. Slocum's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
military academy bill.
Mr. BECK. I move that the committee
take up the next special order,, the-Military
Academy appropriation bill.,
The motion was agreed to; and the com-
mittee accordingly proceeded to consider the
special order, being the bill (H. R. No. 782)
making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1871.
Mr. BECK. I ask that by unanimous con-
sent the first reading of the bill be dispensed
with.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, I do not know
what debate, if any, this bill will provoke. I
only expect to occupy about ten minutes in
explaining it so that the committee may under-
stand it. It will be observed, by the note at
the foot of the bill, that the total of the sums
appropriated by it is $315,269 20. The amount
appropriated last year for this purpose was
$274,488 80. The excess of the present appro-
priation over that of last year is $40,780 40.
It will be observed that in the first three
items, being the items for pay, amounting to
$212,019 20, there is an excess over the appro-
priations last year for those items of §21,160 32,
last year's appropriation being $190,,858 85.
This increase grows out of the fact that we are
now estimating for two hundred and ninety
cadets, instead of two hundred and sixty odd
last year.
The law provides that there shall be one cadet
for each member of Congress, and one for eaek
Delegate from a Territory, and one from the
District of Columbia. That makes two hundred
and fifty-one if the States are all represented,
and it is expected they will be before the be-
ginning of the fiscal year which commences
on the 1st day of July next. They have not
been heretofore, and, therefore, there has not
been the full number of cadets. The President
also has the right to appoint ten cadets annu-
ally, which in the course of four years makes
forty. Thus the exact number is two hundred
and ninety-one. The number estimated for is
two hundred and ninety, and I .believe there
will always be perhaps one or more .absent.
The Department asks the passage of the bill
according to the estimate for two hundred and
ninety cadets. The committee went over the
number carefully and ascertained these to be the
facts. The increase of appropriation over that
of last year is in consequence of this increase
in the number of cadets, and there is also a
very small item which grows out of the fact
that under the law as it now exists officers, as
they have served a longer time, are entitled to
additional pay. The number of cadets is esti-
mated for upon the assumption that all the
States will be represented during the next fiscal
year, which of course the committee had to
assume. Twenty-one thousand one hundred
and sixty dollars of the $40,000 excess over the
appropriation of last year is made up of those
items.
fhe balance is made up thus: under the head
of '• miscellaneous,the items of which are
given more in detail this year than they were last,
because it, was thought better that they should
00, is an excess ol -::U u.irii) US over (heappropri-
