1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m
playing an amendment of the charier of that
city so as to allow the qualified voters of the
city to elect at their annual election in Febru-
ary of each year, in addition to the officers
now elected, a register, tax collector, and
flour inspector, and to allow the incoming
boards to elect the remainder of the officers
under the corporation on the first Monday
evening of April in each year; which was
refeired to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
HTATCH OF (1 UN HUM, OREENJ:,
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I am
charged—we ate charged, my colleagues of
the two Houses of Congress and myself—by
(he Governor of the Slate which we repre-
sent with the honorable duty of presenting
to Congress, in his name and in the name
of the General Assembly and the people of
(lie State of Rhode Island and Providence
Plantations, a marble statue of Nathanael
- Greene.
This statue has been placed in the old Hall
of the House of Representatives, in pursuance
of an act of Congress, by which that beautiful
Chamber, itself rich in precious memories, is
dedicated t.o historic valor, to patriotism, to
statesmanship, 1o learning, to conspicuous
excellence in all the elements that constitute
national greatness.
The heroic age of our country is enveloped in
no fable, and the historian is not driven to doubt-
ful miracles, to maivehs and portents to add to
the dignity of its origin, 1101 need he resort to
fanciful legends to increase the interest of his
narration. The stalwart men who planted the
colonies from which these States arose have
left the authentic memorials of their principles
and their actions, their trials and their tri-
umphs. And the men whose valor achieved
the independence of the country, and whose
wisdom founded the institutions of the Great
Republic, are separated from us by so short a
period, and one of such active historical in-
quiry, that their lives and characters stand be-
foreus, almost as if they had lived in onr daily
presence.
By the act of Congress referred to, each State
of the Union is invited to place in the old Hall
of the House of Representatives the statues of
two of her illustrious citizens, already conse-
crated by death, who flourished in any period
of her history. Rhode Island, which has
earliest responded to the invitation, has selected
for this honor two of her early heroes, one from
the colonial and uue from the revolutionary
period.
The first is Roger "Williams, the great founder
of the State, who first declared and maintained
the piinciple at the foundation of ail true civil-
ization, soul liberty, the right of every uian to
worship God according to his own conscience,
responsible to no human laws, restrained by
no interposition of Church or State. Of Roger
Williams there exists no portraiture, nor, so
far as i am aware, any reliable description of
his person or his features. He lives, not in the
breathing marble or upon the glowing canvas,
but immortal, ill the evei lasting principle which
he firstassei ted and vindicated, and which, now
recognized as an essential part of human so-
ciety, was then regarded as nothing better than
impracticable and mischievous fanaticism. The
State, unwilling that the great name of her
foundershould be unrepresented in this solemn
assemblage of fame, has decreed in its com-
memoration an ideal statue, made from such
scanty materials as tradition has supplied.
She could do no more, and she felt that she
should do no less.
In this respect the memory of Greene is more
fortunate. Hia statue is from authentic like-
nesses, and represents him "in his habit as he
lived," in the full prime and vigor of his man-
hood, and in the height of his fame. Itwasexe-
cuted by Henry Kirke Browne, whose name,
already of high reputation, will receive fresh
honors from his latest work. As aproduct of
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 38.
American art it is confidently submitted to the
judgment of criticism.
We have just passed through, not yet alto-
gether through, the severest trial in our coun-
try's history. The popular heart beats high
with grateful admiration for valor and conduct
proved in the field, for wisdom displayed in
the cabinet. The country jojrfully decorates
her heroes with her freshest laurels, and heaps
upon her soldier and statesman her selectest
honors. "We, Senators, interpreting the will of
the nation, have been prompt to render, from
this Chamber, our contributions to the national
gratitude. Audit ia right thatit should be so.
The Republic is stronger as well as justerwhen
thus honoring her defenders, and presenting
such rewards to the emulation of the rising
generation.
But while we render all due honor to living
valor, while we proudly hand over to the Muse
of History tho mighty names that have illus-
trated our recent annals, it is well to freshen
the recollection of those whoso fame she has
long had in her keeping. While we celebrate
the praises of those who have saved the coun-
try, let us not forget those without whom we
should not have bad a country to be saved;
(hose who, in the beginning, few in numbers,
feeble in power, scant of resources, but strong
in the principles which they had inherited with
their oppressors, armed with the stern virtues
that are born of difficulty and nurtured in peril
and privation, dared to defy the might of Eng-
land, who trod the pathway of victory with
bleeding feet and tore down the banner of con-
quest with hands that were wasted by famine.
While the names of Vicksburg, Fort Douelson,
and Roanoke Island, South Mountain, and
Antietam, and Gettysburg, and Appomattox,
should be kept fresh in the memory of the
country, let not the earlier glories of Lexing-
ton, and Bunker Hill, and of Princeton, and
Trenton, and Stony Point, of Cowpens. and
Eutaw Springs, of Saratoga and Yorktown, be
ever forgotten : nor yet those of Chippewa,
Plattsburg, and New Orleans.
Among those who ill the revolutionary period
won titles to the national gratitude never dis-
avowed, he whoso statue we have placed in
the Capitol stands, in the judgment of his con-
temporaries and by the assent of history, sec-
ond only to the man who towers without a
peer in the annals of America. I shall not
attempt an analysis of his character, nor an
enumeration of the great deeds upon which
his fame securely rests; nor shall I discuss
that fertility of resources by which he supplied
an army from an impoverished country, with-
out disafiecting the population, that marvel-
ous skill and conduct, by which he wrung
the results of victory from the very jaws of
defeat, and with inferior forces drove and
scattered before hitn a well-appointed, dis-
ciplined enemy, flushed with the insolence of
conquest; that self-reliance and persistence by
which he refused every suggestion to abandon
the southern campaign, and from the field of
disaster declared " f will recover the Carolinas
or perish in the attempt." How well he
proved these words no idle beast, liow well he
kept his pledge I do not propose to repeat. All
this has been recently done by an abler hand.
A literaiy monument, moie durable than mar-
ble, destined to a permanent place in the litera-
tureof the language, has just been completed to
his memory, by one who inherits his blood and
his name, and whose pen is worthy of his
grandfather's sword.
But, I cannot refrain from bringing to the
attention of tho Senate some passages from the
eulogium pronounced upon General Greene,
by Alexander Hamilton, before the Society of
the Cincinnati. It was expected that Wash-
ington would be present, but illness kept him
away; but there were many there who had
served with the orator and with the departed
chief. No man was better fitted than Hamil-
ton to discuss the character and services of
Greene. No audience was better fitted to
judge of the justness of the estimate which
he put upon them.
"Prom you who knew and loved him I foar not
the imputation of flattery, or enthusiasm, when I in-
dulge an expectation that the nameol (Jreene will
at oneo awaken in your minds the images of what-
ever is noble and estimable in human nature. The
fidelity of the portrait I shall draw will therefore
havenothingtoapprehend from yo,ur sentence. But
I dare not hope that it will meet with equal'justice
from all others; or that it will entirely escape the
cavils of ignorance and the shafts of envy, For high
as this great man stood in the estimation of bis coun-
try, the whole extent of his worth was little known.
The situations in which he has appeared, though such
as would have measured the faculties and exhausted
the resources of men who might justly challenge tho
epithet of great, were yet incompetent to tho full
display of those various, rare, and exalted endow-
ments, with which nature only now and then deeor-
n.tos a favorite, as if with intention to astonish man-
kind,
" As a man, the virtues of Greene are admitted; as
a patriot, ho holds a place in the foremost rank; as a
statesman, he is praised; as a soldier, he is admired.
But in the two last characters, especially in the last
but one, his reputation falls far below his desert. It
required alongerlife, and still greater opportunities,
to have onabled him to exhibit, in full day, the vast,
X had almost said, tho enormous powers of his mind.
"The termination of the American war—not too
soon for his wishes, nor for the welfare of his coun-
try. but too soon for his glory—put an end to his mil-
nary career. The sudden termination of his life cut
him oft from those scenes which tho progress of a
new, immense, and unsettled empire could not fail
to open to the complete exertion of that universal
and pervading eenius which qualified him' not less
for the Senate than for the field.
" Xn forming our estimate, nevertheless, of his char-
acter, wc are not left to supposition and conjecture,
wo arc not 1 eft to vague indication--' or uncertain ap-
pearances, which partiality might varnish or preju-
dice di-color, We have a succession of deeds, as glo-
rious as they are unequivocal, to attest.tho greatne^'
and perpetuate the honors of Ilia name.*'
" lie was not long there before the discerning eye
of the American Fabius marked hira out as the object
of his confidence.
"His abilities entitled him to a preeminent share
in the council.-, ol hischief. He gained it, and lie pre-
served it, am id all the checkered varieties of military
vicissitude, and in defiance of all the intrigue*: of
jealous and aspiring rivals.
"Ac long as the measures which conducted us safe Iv
through the first most critical stages of the war shall
be remembeied with approbation; as long as the
euteipiise-of Trenton and Princeton shall be n -
I ay the- 'l awn iojr- of'tlci I bright hoy which after-
ward broke forth with .Mich resplendent luster; as
long-as the aImo?t magic operations of the remainder
of tile memorable winter, di-'tinguished not more by
these events than by the extraordinary spectacle ol'
a powerful army straitened within narrow limits by
the phantom of a military force, undncvcr permitted
to tranf.jn ess tho^e limits wilh impunity, in which
skill supplied the place of mcauJ, and deposition was
the substitute for an army; a-" long, X -ay, as these
operations shall continue to be the objects of curiosity
and wondi r, so long ou^hi the name of (Jreene to be
revered by afiratefnl country.
" To attribute to him a portion of the praise which
is due, as wcii to the formation as to the execution
of the plans that effected these important ends, can
be 110 derogation from that wisdom and magnanim-
ity which knew how to select and embrace council-
worthy of being pursued.
"The laurels of a Henry were never tarnished by
the obligations lie owed and acknowledged to a.
Sully."
After reviewing his services in the Jersey
battles, the eulogist passes lo the southern cam-
paign, where Greene, by the express selection
of Washington, was placed in command :
" Henceforth we arc to viewhimon amoreexalted
eminence, lie is no longer to figure in an ambigu-
ous or fecondary licjht; he is to shine forth the arti-
licer of his own glory—the leader of armies and deliv-
erer of States! i ■ • ■
"ttreene,withoutfurthoi-delay, entered upon that
busy, complicated, and extraordinary scene which
may truly be said to form a phenomenon in war—a
scene which almost continually present^ us, on the
one band, with victories ruinous to the victors; oil
the other, with retreats beneficial to the vanquished:
which exhibits to om admiration a commander
almost constantly obliged to relinquish the field io
his adversary, vet as constantly making acquisitions
upon bun: beatento-day; to-morrow,withoutablow,
compelling the conqueror to remove tho very object
for which lie had conquered, and in a manner to fly
from the very foe which he had subdued."
Speaking of the bold determination of Greene,
after the battle of Guilford Court-House, to re-
turn to South Carolina, instead of going to tho
rescue of Virginia, threatened by a junction
of Oornwallis and Arnold, Hamilton says:
"This was one of those strokesthat denote superior
genius and constitute the sublime of war, Itway
Scipio leaving Hannibal in Italy to overcome liim at
Ca"Xho>success ^asanswerable to the judicioiiybold-
