594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
ness of the design. The enemy were divested of their
acquisitions in South Carolina and Georgia with a
rapidity which, if not ascertained, would be scarcely
credible. In the short space of two months all their
posts in the interior of the country were reduced.
The perseverance, courage, enterprise, and resource
displayed by the American General in the course of
these events commanded the admiration even of his
enemies. In vain was he defeated in one mode of
obtaining his object; another was instantly substi-
tuted that answered the end. In vain was he re-
pulsed from before a besieged fortress; ho immedi-
ately found other means ot compelling its defenders
to relinquish their stronghold. Where force failed,
address and stratagem still won the prize."
"Washington measured his words with care
and was chary of praise. In a letter to Greene,
upon his retirement, from the office of Quarter-
master General, he wrote:
" You have conducted the various duties (if tl with
capacity and diligence, entirely to my satisfaction,
and as lar as I have had an opportunity of knowing
with the strictest integrity. When you were pro-
vailed on to undertake the oil ice in March, 1778. it
was in great disorder and confusion, and by extraor-
dinary exertions you so arranged it as to enable the
Army to take the field the moment it was necessary,
and to move with rapidity after the enemy when
they left Philadelphia. From that period to the
present time your exertions have been equally great.
They have appeared to me to be the result of system,
and to have been well calculated to promote the in-
terests and honor of your country. In fine, 1 cannot
but add that the States have had inyou, in my opin-
ion, an able, upright, and diligent servant."
General Greene died at the age of forty-four.
What might the country have reasonably ex-
pected from the full life of the man who at so
early an age had accomplished so much? The
administrative qualities that he manifested,
throughout his whole military service, desig-
nated him for a great civil career which, proba-
bly, would not have stopped short of the highest
honors of the Republic. But a true life is meas-
ured by what it accomplishes, not by the time
that it lingers. He lived long enough to secure
for his name a place high on the enduring
records of his country, forever in the affections
of the American people.
On the 8th of August, 1780, Congress, on a
report of a committee consisting of Mr. Lee,
Mr. Pettit, and Mr. Carrington—
"liesulved. That a monument be erccted to the
memory of Nathanael Greene, esi(., at the seat of the
Federal Government with the following inscription:
"Sacred to the memory ot Nathanael Greene, esq.,
a native of the State of Khode Island, who died on
the 19th of June, 1786, late major general in the
service of tho United States, and commander of their
Army in the southern department."
"The United States in Congress assembled, in honor
of his patriotism,valor, .and ability, have erected this
monument.
"Resolved, That the Hoard of Treasury take order
for tho execution oftho following resolution."
This measure of national gratitude was not
carried out.
Mr. President, we think lliat we shall not be
charged with undue .State pride if we submit
that the marble which we now present, to you
is a worthy commencement of the collection
which it inaugurates, and which is to hand
down to the future the glories of the past, the
Valhalla, of America. Others will be placed
by its side, worthy of the august companion-
ship. The future citizen will walk with patri-
otic awe among the etiigies of his country's
grandeur, and gather inspiration, as he surveys
their venerated forms. States yet to be admitted
into the Union will crowd yonder Ball with the
statues of their founders, defenders, and bene-
factors, till the great Dome of the Capitol shall
be too small to cover the silent assembly of our
immortal dead.
I send to the Chair a letter from the Gov-
ernor of Rhode Island, which I ask to have
read.
The Secretary read as follows:
State of Rhode Island,
Executive Department,
Providence, January 3,1870.
Sin • In accordance with a resolution of Congress,
passed July 2,1804, inviting each State to furnish for
the Hall of the old House of Representatives "two
full-length marble statues of deceased persons who
have been citizens thereof, and illustrious for their
renown, or from civic or military services, such as
each State shall determine to be worthy of national
commemoration," the State of Rhodo Island, by a
vote ofits General Assembly, has caused to be made
two marble statues, one of Roger Williams, the
founder of the State, the other of Major General Na-
thanael Greene, adiftinguished officer of the Army
of the Revolution.
I have now the honor to inform you that the statue
of Major General Nathanael Greene, by Mr. II. Iv.
Browne, an American artist, is finished, and has been
forwarded to "Washington and delivered to thearchi-
tect of the Capitol.
With, high respect, L have the honor to remain
your most obedient servant,
* SETII PADELFORD.
To the President of the Senate of the United States,
Washington, J), C.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, in moving
the acceptance of the statue of Major General
Greene, I send to the Chair a joint resolution
the consideration of which I ask now without
any previous notice ; and in moving it I will
add that I have followed the precedents in such
cases, especially the joint resolution moved by
John Quincy Adams in the House of Repre-
sentatives, which I now have before me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent to
introduce for present consideration ajointreso-
lution, which will be read.
\ The Secretary read as follows :
: A lesolution accepting the statue of Major General
Greene.
/tesolved. That the thanks of this Congress be pre-
sented to the Governor, and through him to the
people of the State of Rhodo Island and Providence
Plantations, for the statue of Major General Greene,
whose name is so honoraJdy identified with our rev-
olutionary hi-.tory; that.this work of art is accepted
in the nameoftlie nation and assigned aplaceinthe
old Hall of the House of Representatives, already set
aside by act of Congress for tho statues of eminent
citisons : and that, a copy of this resolution, signed by
the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives, be transmitted to the Gov-
ernor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence
Plantation-:.
The VIC 15 PRESIDENT. Unless objected
to tho joint resolution will be considered as
read the first and second time, and is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SUMNER. How brief is life; how long
is art! Nathanael Greene died at the age of
forty-four, and now Congress receives his mar-
ble statue, destined to endure until this Cap-
itol crumbles to dust. Rut art lends its lon-
gevity only to those whose lives are extended
by deeds. Therefore is the present occasion
an attestation of the fame that has been won.
Beyond his own deserts, Greene was for-
tunate during life in the praise of Washington,
who wrote of " the singular abilities which that
officer possesses,'' and then again fortunate
after death in the praise of Hamilton, whose
remarkable tribute is no ordinary record. He
has been fortunate since in his biographer,
whose work promises to be classical in our
literature. And now he is fortunate again in
a statue, which, while taking an honorable
place in American ait, is the first to be re-
ceived in our Pantheon. Such are the honors
of patriot scrvice.
Among the generals of the Revolution Greene
was next after Washington. His campaign at
the South showed military genius of no com-
mon order. He' saved the South. Had he
lived to take part in the national Government
his character and judgment must have secured
for him an eminent post of service. Unlike
his two great associates, Washington and Ham-
ilton, his life was confined to war, but the capa-
cities which he manifested while in command
gave assurance that he would have excelled in
civil life. His resources in the field would have
been the same in the council chamber.
Of Quaker extraction Greene was originally
a Quaker. The Quaker became a soldier and
commander of armies. Such was the require-
ment of the epoch. Should a soldier and
commander of armies in our day accept these
ideas which enter into the life of the Quaker
the change would only be in harmony with
those principles which must soon prevail, or-
daining peace and good will among men.
Looking at his statue, with military coat and,
with sword in hand, I seem to see his early"
garb beneath. The Quaker general could never
have been other than the friend of peace.
Standing always in that beautiful Hall", the
statue will be a perpetual though silent oratAr.
The marble will speak ; nor is it difficult to
divine the lesson it must teach. He lived for
h is country and his whole country; nothing less.
Born in the North, he died in*the South, which
he had made his home. The grateful South
honored him as the North had already done.
His life exhibits the beauty and the reward of
patriotism. How can his marble speak except
for country in all its parts, at all points of the
compass? It was for the whole country that
he drew his sword of " iee-brook temper."
So also for the whole country was the sword
drawn in these latter days. And yet there
was a difference between the two occasions
easy to state.
Our country's cause for which Greene con-
tended was National Independence. Our con n -
try's cause, which has recently prevailed in
bloodiest war, was Liberty and Equality, the
declared heritage of all mankind. The first
war was for separation from the mother conn-
try, or, according to the terms of the Declar-
ation, " That these United Colonies are and of
right ought to be Free and Independent States,
the object being elevated by the great principles
announced. The second war was for the estab-
lishment of these great principles, without
which republican government is a name and
nothing more. But both were for country.
Perhaps the larger masses, with the larger scale
of military operations, in the latter may eclipse
the earlier, and it is impossible not to see that
a war for Liberty and Equality, making the
promises of the Declaration a reality and giving
to mankind an irresistible example, is loftier
in character than a war for separation. If
hereafter Greene finds -rivals near his statue
they will be those who represented our coun-
try's cause in its later peril and its larger tri-
umphs. J ust in proportion as ideas are involved
is conflict elevated, especially if those ideas
concern the Equal Rights of all.
Greene died at the South, and nobody knows
the place of his burial. He lies without epi-
taph or tombstone. To-day a grateful country
writes his epitaph and gives him a monument
in the Capitol.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, it is far from
my hope that I shall add to what has been so
ably said by the honorable Senators from Rhode
Island and Massachusetts anything worthy of
comparison with their eloquent words or of the
fame of the illustrious man whose statue has
been placed in the Capitol of the nation whose
independence he contributed so largely to
establish. But it would not be fitting that this
occasion should pass without some tribute to
General Greene's eminent character and ser-
vices from one who, however humbly, repre-
sents in part on this floor a 8tate from whose
soil in our^ revolutionary struggle the taint of
the enemy's tread was removed under his mas-
terly leadership. That the voice of that State
may not be unheard in the hour when we are
calling to mind the obligations we owe to one
of the greatest and purest characters in our
early history is my apology for occupying the
attention of the Senate.
The honorable Senator from Rhode Island
has well said " the heroic age of our countrv
is enveloped in no fable.'' Nations of an-
tiquity loved to trace the beginnings of the.i
history to gods and goddesses, or to heroes
wnose divine birth or patronage gave them
superhuman powers. The mists of myth and
fable shut out from their view the current of
real events which in their progress developed
institutions and governments. To no such
mythical or fabulous personages do we seek
to trace our national origin. Tho clear light
of authentic history shines over every stage of'j
our national development, and we see through
media which neither exaggerate nor distort
heroic characters who laid
the foundations of this now imposing fabric of
free government. \\ e see them through trial
and suffering and self-sacrifice, through disaster
and defeat, through long years of poverty, pri-
