596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
7
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have t.hp question I
put on the resolution. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion' ]
of the Chair this should be a concurrent reso- j
lution, but in its language it is a joint resoln- j
tion. i
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought to be concurrent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It should be a
concurrent resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, let the resolu-
tion be changed to a concurrent resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I rise simply to say one
wojd. The law* as it now stands is complete in
itself. I shall not oppose, however, the pas-
sage of this resolution, as the matter has been
inaugurated, and I hope, as it has been intro-
duced, it will be putin proper form and passed.
I repeat, however, the law in itself is complete
and requires no legislation whatever, and I
trust that hereafter it will be so regarded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution.
The resolution was adopted unanimously.
MOKNING BUSINESS—PETITIONS*, ETC.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate now
resumes the consideration of the Virginia bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. As there is some morning
business not yet disposed of I move that the
Virginia bill be passed over informally for that
purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota moves that the Virginia bill
be passed over with the view of continuing the
morning business. Is there objection?
Mr. STEWART. I object. '
Several Senators. You had better let the
Virginia bill go over for a few minutes.
Mr. STEWART. If it is the general desire
of the Senate, I have no objection to allow fif-
teen minutes to be devoted to the morning busi-
ness.
Mr. RAMSEY. Say sixteen minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada reserves his right to object; and the
morning business will continue until some Sen-
ator objects. Will that be sufficient.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Wil-
liam Delay, of Oxford, Mississippi, praying
the removal of his political disabilities: which
was referred to the select Committee 011 the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of J. M. Acker,
of Mississippi, indorsed by W. H. Vasser,
State treasurer; S. S. Fairfield, register in
bankruptcy second congressional district of
Mississippi; and J. L. Alcorn, Governor-elect
of Mississippi, praying the removal of his polit-
ical disabilities ; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
lie also presented a letter addressed to the
Congress of the United States in the form of
a petition from R. A. Hill, United States dis-
trict judge for Mississippi, praying that the
disabilities imposed 011.1. AI. Acker, of Missis-
sippi, may be removed ; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
_ Mr. HAMILTON presented a petition of
citizens of Boonsboro, Maryland, praying for
the abolition of the.franking privilege; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the affidavit of
George W. Kirk, late colonel of the third North
Carolina infantry and a citizen of the county
of Washington, Tennessee, stating that he is
personally acquainted with Eliza Shelton,
widow of Roderick Shelton; Nancy Shelton,
widow of David Shelton; Cerena Medcalf,
widow of James Medcalf; Nancy King, widow
of E. King; Patsey J. Shelton, widow of James
Shelton ; Sarah Medcalf. widow of David Med-
calf ; Cloa Shelton, widow of William Shelton ;
Mary Franklin, widow of Russell B. Franklin ;
widows of enlisted privates in the first Ten-
nessee cavalry, praying for a pension, whose
husbands were shot to death by the enemy on
the 19th day of January, 18G3 ; and knows that
the}'are and ever have been loyal to the Gov-
ernment of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee 011 Pensions.
Air. THAYER presented a petition of John
Staton, postmaster, and others,_ of Florence,
Douglas county, Nebraska, praying the enact-
ment of a law for the compulsory prepayment
of all domestic postages except on such matter
as may be entitled to free delivery by special
enactment; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. McDONALD presented the petition of
Thomas C. Peel;, of Little Rock, Arkansas,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was refeired to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. McDONALD. I also present the peti-
tion of Gervasc Castonel, Lawrence H. Rey-
nolds, and M. C. Tubbs, of Arkansas, praying
the abolition of the franking privilege, and I
will say that I do not commit myself on the
subject by the presentation of the petition. I
move its reference to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAG1N. I present a memorial from
Major George P. Folsom, late additional pay-
master United States Army, asking relief from
certain pecuniary liabilities to tho United
States Government, and I desire to express in
presenting this memorial my fullest belief in
the truth of the statements made 111 it, and to
ask the Committee on Claims, to whom I move
to refer it, to give the matter their early and
favorable consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN also presented a petition of
citizens of Alstead, New Hampshire, asking
the abolition of the franking privilege ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions of
.John M. Page, Isaac R. liarksdale, and James
C. Hill, of Scottsville, Albemarle county, Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION, ETC.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate for two or three minutes, not longer,
to correct a report of my remarks made yester-
day morning. I find that I am reported thus :
" Ho believed it improper for any Department to
undertake to bring about legislation by circulating
the grossest misrepresentations uf fact."
I certainly did not make a remark of that
character. The remark which I did make as
to misrepresentations related to'general state-
ments which have been put in circulation, but
not by the Postmaster General. The abuses
of the franking privilege have been bad enough.
I desired to refer to the reckless statements
which had been made charging a great deal
more against the franking privilege than really
belonged to it. 'That was the only motive I
had. I have the fullest confidence in the Post-
master General; X know that he is actuated by
the best of motives, and is seeking to accomplish
the best purposes. I11 what he aims at in this
regard I support him ; but I do not agree as to
the mode which he has adopted to secure the
forwarding of petitions to Congress. I did not
intend to impute to him or to any head of
Department the circulation of any misrepre-
sentations.
Mr. THIIRMAN. I present a petition of
sundry citizens of Columbiana county, Ohio,
asking for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege, and I wish to say a single word in this
connection. This is one of many petitions all
evidently printed from the same type, in identi-
cally the same words and letters, and, as I
gather from what was said yesterday when I
was not present, but which I have read in the
reports, sent by the Post Office Department to
the various postmasters of the country to secure
signatures. I think such must be the case, for
of those I have received every one of them has
been sent to me by a postmaster, and this par-
ticular one comes with a list which the same
postmaster sends me, with the name of nearly
every petitioner on it begging me to frank him
some documents. This is a rather singular
commentary on the petition.
I do not quite agree with the Senator from
Nebraska if I understood him aright as saying
that this is not an improper practice. I may
be found voting to abolish the franking privi-
lege ; I will determine that after I have invest-
igated the question; but I do not think it is
right for a Department of this Government to
use the postmasters of this Government to get
up petitions to Congress on a one-sided state-
ment of the facts. I do not think that it is
proper that the head of a Department of the
Government of the United States should pro-
duce factitious public sentiment in this way. I
do not know that the fact is so; but if what
was said in the Senate yesterday be true, if
these petitions have their origin in the Post
Office Department, and are brought here
through the agency of the various postmasters
of the country, I do not think that is a proper
mode to influence the action of Congress.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFEKKED.
On motion of Mr. BOREMAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of the trus-
tees of tlie German Evangelical church, of Martins-
burg, West Virginia, be taken from the iiles of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Air. RAAISBY, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the ease of Clinton
Gr. Stees be taken from tho filc.3 of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Air. RAAISEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the petition of Lewis D. Smith, postmaster of
Ionia, Alichigan, who was robbed of postage-
stamps and postage-money, praying-for relief,
reported a joint resolution (S. R. No. 101) for
the relief of Lewis D. Smith ; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition
of Ezra Carter, jr., late collector at Portland,
Maine, reported a bill (S. No. 420) to author-
ize the accounting officers of the Treasury to
adjust the accounts of Ezra Carter, jr., late
collector of customs at Portland, Alaine'; whieh
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the memorial
of Robert P. Parrot, praying for compensation
for the construction of an iron light-house,
reported a bill (S. No. 421) for the relief of It'.
P. Parrot; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Air. CONKLING, from the Committee on
the Revision ofthe Laws, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 424) to provide for taking
the ninth census of the United States, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAAI, from the Commi'lee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
letter of the Seeretaiy of the Interior recotn-
| mending an appropriation for the relief of the
| suffering and starving Indian tribes in Dakota
1 ierritory. asked to be discharged from its
I further consideration ; which was agreed to.
I He also, from the same committee, to whom
: was referred the letter of the Secretary of the
| Interior, communicating a report of the coin*
i missionors appointed under the thirteenth aril-
! cle of the treaty between the United States and
| the Senecas and mixed Senecas. Shawnees,
' arJ, ol'1Pr Indians, concluded February 28,
| lbOi. to ascertain and report the amount of
j money dm  by tho United States to the Wyan-
1 uott Indians, risked to be discharged from its
further considoraMon ; whiyh was agreed to.
: He also, from the same committee, to whom
