1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
597
was referred the petition of grand jurors of the
Territory of New Mexico at the November term
of court, praying relief from depredations of
the Indians, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. The Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, who were instructed by a resolution of the
Senate to inquire and report who of the old
employes of the Senate have been dropped
from the rolls of the Senate since the close of
last Congress, and whether such changes have
been made with the approval of the Vice Presi-
dent, have instructed me to submit a report.
I move that the repoit be laid on the table,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAG K FliO-U THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the follow-
ing bill and joint resolution, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested:
Abill (H. R. No. 781) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and father pensions
of the United States for the year ending June
80, 1871; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 120) declara-
tory of the meaning and intention of the law
relating to income tax.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 422) to establish a postal telegraph system
and to incorporate the United States Postal
Telegraph Company ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No.
423) to authorize the Legislative Assemblies of
the Territories of the United States to pass
general acts of incorporation for educational
purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred -to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 424) for the preservation of the harbors
of the United States against encroachment;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
425) to extend the time for the completion ot'
the lateral branch of the Baltimore and Poto-
mac railroad, authorized by the act approved
Februarys, 1867, and to change its location
in the city of Washington along the bank of
the canal; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No.
426) for the benelit of the heirs of Michael
Nourse, deceased; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on I'inance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 427) for the benefitof William SI. Brooker,
infant son of the late Lieutenant "William II.
Brooker; which was read twice by its title,
refeired to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce (by request, as he
stated) a bill (S. No. 428) to grant the right of
way through the public land3 to the .I unction
City, Solomon Valley, and Denver railway,
and for other purposes; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 ask leo.ve to introduce
a bill for the purpose of carrying out the in-
structions of a joint resolution of (he 1 jpg\r!:i-
ture of California, which I presented a day or
two ago.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 42D) to promote
the disposition of public lands in the State of
California to actual settlers.
Mr. CASSERLY. As the bill is short, I ask
that it be read at length.
The bill was read as follows:
Beit enacted, &■<;., That thepublic lands of the United
otates m tho htate of California shall not hereafter
be subject to entry, bale, or location under any law
oi the United States except the laws known as the
homestead act oi Ma.y 20,18(52, and acts anienda-tory
thereof or supplementary thereto, and the acts allow-
ing and regulating preemptions.
&EC. 2. And be it further enacted, That this act shall
take enect at the end of thirty days after its passage.
The bill was read twice, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
430) to incorporate theWashington Mail Steam-
boat Company; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 102) l'or the relief of Major
George P. Folsom ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
HOUSE KILLS REFERRED
The bill (H. R. No. 781) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
Juno 30, 1871, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) declar-
atory of the meaning and intention of the law
relating to income tax was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
STATU OF MUG INI A.
Mr. STEWART. 1 now call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. 11.
No. 783) to admit the State of Virginia to rep-
resentation in the Congress of the United States
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and is open to amendment, there being
no amendment pending.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and rhe amendment made yesterday
as in Committee of the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. WILSON. 1 offer the following Lmend-
ment as an additional proviso :
^ And provided, further. That the constitution of said
State shalt never be so amended or changed as to
deprive any citizen or class of citizens of said State
of the right to vote or hold office in said State who
are entitled to vote or hold office by said constitution,
except as a ]*inishment for such erimos as are now
felonies atcommon law, whereof they shall have been
duly convicted under laws equally applicable to all
tho inhabitants oi said Htate; or to preventany pei-
son on account, of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude from serving as a juror, or participating
equally in the school fund or school privileges pro-
vided for in said constitution.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DRAKE. I offer an amendment, to
insert as an additional proviso the following :
And provided further, That the State of Virginia
is admitted to representation in Congress a;- one of
the States of Hie Union upon the following funda-
mental condition: til at the constitution ot Virginia
shall never be so amended 01- changed as to deprivo
sny citizen or cla.-s of c-itizons of the Unitod States
of the right to vote who are entitled to vote by the
constitution herein recognized, except as a punish-
ment, for such ciimcf* a  are now felonies at common
law, whereof they shall have been duly convicted
under liMvs equally applicable to all the inhabitants
of said State: Provided, That any alteration of said
constitution prospective in its effccts may be made m
regard to tho time and place of residence of voters.
Mr. President, I suppose that the occasion
for extended debate upon this bill has passed,
and therefore I shall make no remark con-
cerning this amendment except one or two,
which it, will take but a minute or two to make.
1 wish every Senator to know that this is in
words the. very same fundamental condition
that has been applied to every other recon-
structed State that has been admitted. The
argument as to whether it should be applied
to this State I suppose may be considered as
having been pretty fully presented on each
side, lor and against. I am led to recall the
attention of the Senate, to the identity of this
provision with that imposed upon all the other
reconstructed States, because I was surprised
to find the other day, in conversation with one
or two Senators, that they had not fully under-
stood that this is the very same condition
applied to all the States previously admitted.
There is one single consideration which, it
seems to me, would lead those who desire that
equal rights shall be enjoyed in Virginia to
: adopt this amendment, notwithstanding the
J near probability of the ratification of the fif-
| teenth amendment and its incorporation into
j the Constitution of the United States; and
I that is this: that we are openly informed and
I know that every effort will be made that can
j be made to overthrow the constitutional force
and validity of the fifteenth amendment even
after it shall be declared ratified. I cannot
conceive it probable, but it is within the range
of possibility that in some case or other, at
some time or other, tho infatuation of men,
with the jurisdiction and powers of another
department of the Government, may take them
so far as to carry this question there, and that
there in some future day the decision may be
given that the fifteenth amendment never was
constitutionally adopted. In that ease I wish
still to have the same hold upon Virginia that
we have upon all the other of the reconstructed
States. In the face of the declared purpose to
overthrow the fifteenth amendment, if it can be
overthrown, the commonest prudence should
lead us to plant this safeguard in the bill.
These are the two considerations which I
wish now, when we are coming to a vote, to
bring to the attention of the Senate: first, that
this is the very same condition that has been
imposed upon the other States; second, that
whether the fifteenth amendment is adopted
or not this amendment should be put on the
bill. It should be put there if the fifteenth
amendment is not adopted, for it will then be
the only protection which the black race can
have in Virginia, and it should be put there if
it is adopted as a safeguard against the efforts
of malcontents for its overthrow in the future.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I have been
somewhat surprised at the earnest opposition
which has been manifested in this Chamber to
| the adoption of this and kindred, amendments
to the pending bill. If it all proceeded from
those who have steadily opposed the recon-
struction acts I would not feel any disappoint-
ment ; for they deny the constitutionality of
all of these measures ; for we all know that in
their opinion the State governments in those
States have been intact during the whole period
of the war, and consequently, that they were
entitled to representation at any time when they
chose to elect Senators and- Representatives.
But not agreeing in theory with these members
of the Senate, believing that those State gov-
ernments were overturned by force of arms,
and that at the close of the rebellion no con-
stitutional State government existed within their
limits, the majority in this Chamber and the
other branch of Congress have been proceed-
ing under the conviction that the Constitution
of the United States authorized Congress to
exercise the same authority over their reorgan-
ization and restoration to their former relations
with this Government that might be rightfully
exercised over new States in their admission
as members of the Union.
I need not remind any member of this body <
that in tho admission of now States Congress
has exercised the authority to form compacts
with the proposed States, requiring their formal
assent, which were declared to be irrevocable
without the consent, of Congress, as well as to
prescribe fundamental conditions in the form
of statutory declarations which did not require
the formal concurrence of the States them-
