600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
from the right of suffrage the colored popula-
tion, in my humble judgment, the fifteenth
amendment of the Constitution is of very little
value, if of any at all. In order to protect that
population something more stringent, more
exact must be enacted, and in that respect I
would not give a button scarcely for the fif-
teenth amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I should like tu inquire
of the Senator from Michigan if he does not
believe that under the fifteenth amendment
legislation may be had by Congress to enforce
and secure the ballot to the colored men ?
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sen-
ator be good enough to repeat his query again ?
Let mo understand him.
Mr. STEWART. Does not the Senator
recognize in the fifteenth amendment a grant
of power under which legislation may be had
that will secure suffrage lo the colored people
in Virginia?
Mr. HOWARD. In defiance of their State
constitution ?
Mr. STEWART. In defiance of their State
constitution, in defiance of any law they may
pass.
Mr. HOWARD. If the State of Virginia
should assume, either in its constitution or
in its legislation, to declare that the rights of
citizens of the United States to vote may be
denied or abridged by the United States or by
the State of Virginia on account of race or
color or previous condition of servitude, I
should answer the honorable Senator in the
negative. But the fifteenth amendment relates
only to race, color, or previous condition of
servitude. So far as a State Legislature or
a State convention should trench upon the
rule expressed in the fifteenth amendment
relating to race, color, and previous condition
of servitude, and to those subjects only, its
legislation would bo void, and Congress could
interfere under ilie second clause of the amend-
ment to correct that legislation. To that T
agree ; but suppose the State affixes as a qual-
ification of a voter the necessity of being the
owner of, say, two hundred dollars' worth of
property. Suppose the State should alter its
constitution so as to require from the colored
man the possession in his own right of two
hundred dollars' worth of property, which is
the old rule in the State of New York, does
the Senator from Nevada hold it to be in the
power of Congress to alter in any way by con-
gressional enactment that qualification of the
State? No, sir. Why not? Because the
qualification does not relate to color, race, or
slavery, butonlytopropeity, the subjects being
as distinct from each other as the sun is from the
moon. No, sir; Congress in such a case as
that would have no authority whatever lo inter-
fere to correct the evil. We should be bound
by the constitutional amendment itself; we
should be tied up to those three specific sub-
jects—race, color, aiidscrvitudo—and we could
make no inquity beyond those' particulars.
Mr. STKWART. A law of that kind would
necessarily be general, would it not? If
applied in that form, making a property qualifi-
cation, it would have to be general and apply
to whites as well as blacks. Suppose they
should pass a law saying that no colored man
who is not worth 5200 should vote. That
would not do.
_ Mr. HOWARD. I am not so sure about
tnat. i will not concede even that.
Mr. S1EWART. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will make no admission that 
Mr. HOWARD. Let me take the Senator
I'orn Nevada upon his own favorite grouud.
Suppose the State of Virginia passes a general
act 01 inserts a general clause in its constitu-
tion icquiriiig that every voter shall possess in
his own right, propeity to the amount of $200,
or any other specific sum, will he undertake to
deny that under that clause of the Constitution,
the fifteenth amendment, it would be com-
petent for Virginia or any other Stale to enact
such a provision? Certainly not, He must
admit it. Well, sir, how many colored peo-
ple in Virginia would be allowed to vote under
such a restriction ? Not one out of a hundred,
I undertake to say, and hardly one out of a
thousand.
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to be forced
into a-n admission that I would not make. I
undertake to say that if the people of Virginia
or any other State make any regulation with
regard to suffrage so as to exclude from the
ballot a large proportion of the citizens they
infringe upon that clause of the Constitution
which requires the Government of the United
States lo guaranty to each State a republican
form of government. They might bo brought
to an account under that for a sweeping dis-
franchisement effected by any device whatever.
Mr. HOWARD, The States have always
had that power, the clause to which the Sena-
tor refers to the contrary'notwithstanding. We
have always had that power. Now, does the
Constitution anywhere say, does even the fif-
teenth amendment, which is the Senator's great
panacea, say that a State shall not impose
restrictions upon the right of suffrage? No,
sir; there is nothing of the kind in the Constitu-
tion, nothing of the kind in the fifteenth amend-
ment except that no distinction shall be made
in cases in which color, race, or slavery is in-
volved. That is the sum total of that amend-
ment. The State of Virginia the moment she
is admitted into the Union can by her Legis-
lature, and in perfect consistence with her con-
stitution, propose such an amendment to her
local constitution as shall in effect disfranchise
nine hundred and ninety-nine out of a thou-
sand of the colored population of that Slate, by
imposing a property qualification upon them,
and it would be no violation of the fifteenth
amendment.
_ _ Mr. STEWART. I would ask the Senator
if he thinks that would not bo a violation of
the Constitution ? We do not want the admis-
sion of the Senator from Michigan ; it may
come up in debate hereafter. Does he think
she can pass any law or make any device
whereby ninety-nine hundredths of the black
population can be disfranchised? Would it
not be in violation of the Constitution, so as
to give Congress the power to interfere ?
Mr. HOWARD. I know no clause in the
Constitution of which it would be a violation.
The States have exercised the power of con-
trolling, regulating, and restricting popular
suffrage from the commencement of the State
governments down to the present time. It is
one of the rights reserved to the States, and is
to be exercised in its fullness and in its pleni-
tude without any control on the pari of Con-
gress or any question being put by Congress
to them; and that will be the case until the
fifteenth amendment shall have been adopted,
that amendment relating only to color, race,
and slavery, nollo properly, not to educational
i qualifications, or anything except these three
! specific subjects. Now, sir, it will be the
easiest thing in the world, were the Legislature
of Virginia disposed t.o do so, to launch at once
an amendment which would strike out of the
hands of the colored men in that old Common-
wealth the right to vote, and it would affect
very few white people, and those white people
certainly would be protected by their friends,
and by charity, at least by donation of prop-
erty, preserved in the exercise of their right
j of suffrage.
Sir, 1 insist thai as to the black population this
fifteenth amendment is of very little value if the
State sees fit to take away the right of suffrage
by affixing property qualifications or educational
qualifications, or any qualifications whatever
that do not relate to race, color, or slavery.
The whole field is open to them on these sub-
jects, and there is just as much practical neces-
sity to-dav of annexing this fundamental con-
dition in the case of Virginia as there was in
1868 in reference to the States of North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, &c. And why, sir, under
the present state of things should we make
Virginia an exception? The fifteenth amend-
ment is not yet adopted. It is not perfectly
sure that it will be soon adopted, and it is of a
character to afford no real and substantial pro-
tection to the colored men of that State when
it shall have been ratified.
I insist that if we annexed fundamental con-
ditions in the case of North Carolina and the
other insurgent States it is our duty now to
make no exception of Virginia. The feeling
in that State, I take it, is not more loyal than
in the other States which I have named. The
party now in power there, although it presents
itself to us under a very plausible disguise, is
not, I think, on this most solemn subject to be
trusted. Its great representative, the Gov-
ernor-elect of the State, has furnished to us
the only pledge of which I am aware that Vir-
ginia will adhere to the reconstruction legisla-
tion upon the subject of negro suffrage. Gov-
ernor Walker in his solemn message to the
Legislature—and I will take the liberty to read
a word from it—says :
"The people of this Commonwealth at the late elec-
tion, by a.n overwhelming majority, accepted and
adopted the principle sought to bo incorporated
into the Federal Constitution fay this (the fifteenth)
amendment, to wit, the civil and political equality
of all men before the law."
Then he goes on, ancMs especially sweet upon
Virginia. He remarks:
" The well-known honor and integrity of the peo-
ple of Virginia forbid even the supposition that they
would fail to faithfully adhere to and maintain, while
necessary and possible, any principle to which they
had yielded their adherence. Virgin:!, alwaysf'alfills
in the moat ample good faith all her pledges,"
Ah ! what was the cradle of nullification and
secession? Where is to be found its fountain
from which have issued streams of blood and
slaughter, by which hundreds of thousands on
both sides of the contest have been plunged
into premature graves? What people, what
State was it who first declared that the Con
stitution of the United States was a mere com-
pactbetween sovereign and independent States,
and that each of those States was in a certain
contingency to be the sole judge of the mode
and measure of redress ? Virginia. Her lead
ing statesmen, not omitting the venerated name
of James Madison, early gave in their adhesion
to this great political heresy, the result of which
is found in the late civil war. Virginia was among
the first to take part in the establishment of
the present Constitution of the United States.
She was also the first to sow the seeds of discon-
tent with that Constitution, to spread abroad
heresies among the people of the whole laud
which finally produced their fruits in the recent
rebellion. Are the people of the State of Vir-
ginia deserving of this especial commendation
and praise while the people of the old North
State and of South Carolina and Alabama and
the other States are to be under the censure of
bad faith implied in our act of 180S?
I insist that if these other iusurgent States
are properly subjected to this stringent fund-
amental condition there is nothing in the con-
dition of Virginia which should exempt her
from the application of the same principle. If
there be any people within the Union from
whom we ought to take this security, upon
whom we ought to impose this stringent'eondi-
tion against the ostracism of the colored j-.ep
ulation, it is, in my humble judgment. Un-
people of Virginia ; a.ud I shall vote fur thi;
amendment. I will not make flesh of one an.I
fish of another, if it is properly applicable to
any State it is properly applicable to Virginia.
_ Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President. I had no'
intended to say one word on this bill utiles^ it
became necessary to explain my vote when i:
should assume its final shape.; aud I should nm
now, certainly in the feeble state of health 1
am in, say one word but for the very extr:a>>
dmary misconception of the history of my own
State by the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Haui.vvI
who lately addressed the Senate.
. Ti e Senator from Iowa thinks that lie find.-,
in tno history of Ohio some justification for
t le proposition of Un: Senator from Missouri,
