1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
people of the northwestern territory, a vast
region of country not then inhabited, or only
inhabited by the savages of the forest and a
few straggling trappers and hunters. In view
of these facts, can it be pretended that that
was a bargain entered into between Ohio, or
Indiana, or Illinois, and the Government of
the United States ? Congress declares in these
several organic acts that the provision of an act
of Congress under the Confederated Govern-
ment shall be of binding force over the people
of Ohio after they sballhave framed a constitu-
tion and shall have been admitted into the
Union as an equal member of this Government.
Whatever force this ordinance of 1787 may have
in the premises is due to the provisions of the
organic act, the law of Congress declaring that
the ordinance shall bind Ohio, and would have
been equally effective if the principles of the
ordinance had been recited in the act without
allusion to it.
As it seems to me, Mr. President, the Sen-
ator's answer does not in the slightest degree
weaken the argument that I attempted to draw
from the fact that Congress began with the
admission of Ohio to pass declarations funda-
mental that were intended to bind the people
of the future States referred to, and has con-
tinued to enact in one form or another from
that period down to the present hour. _ It is
now too late, as I think, for Congress to ignore
its authority. If these acts of Congress have
been sustained uniformly from that period down
to the present by the courts of the country, the
conclusion seems to me to be almost irresisti-
ble that they will so construe them in the future
and that this amendment would be binding on
the State of Virginia.
Mr. MORTON. I desire very briefly to say
that I think the scope of the reason adduced
by the Senator from Ohio covers the main
point that has been insisted upon in this debate
with regard to the power of Congress. The
act of Congress which he refers to, author-
izing the people of the Territory of Ohio to
call a convention and form a State constitu-
tion for the purpose of being admitted into
the Union, contains this provision: >
"And shallfonu for thepeople of the said State a
constitution and State government: Provided, I he
same shall be republican and not repugnant to the
ordinance of the 13th July, 1787, between the ori-
ginal States and the people and Slates of the terri-
tory northwest of the river Ohio."
That was accepted by the people of Ohio,
and constitutes what the Senator calls aton-
tract, simply by the people of Ohio putting the
provision of the ordinance of 1787 prohibiting
slavery into their constitution, and one bt two
other provisions. They accepted^ the condi-
tion prescribed in the act authorizing them to
form a constitution by putting the required
provision into the constitution of the State;
and the Senator admits that that is a binding
contract.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator is a little
mistaken in the point. Undoubtedly the State
of Ohio did put into her constitution a provis-
ion against slavery; but the State of Ohio put
nothing in her constitution in regard to the
propositions that are contained m that same
article; but the convention that framed the
constitution, after the constitution had been
framed, by an ordinance assented to those prop-
ositions contained in that seventh section.
Mr. MORTON. So far as the propositions
referred to iu the clause I have just read are
concerned, they were to be embraced in the
constitution, aud they arc. Then there come
certain propositions in regard to the public
lands that were not embraced in the constitu-
tion of the State, but were put in an ordinance i
to be adopted by the convention that framed
the Constitution. Certainly that ordinance
would have no higher character than th« con-
stitution itself, and it would inake no differ-
ence whether they were put into the constitu-
tion or put into the ordinance. The Senator
admits that those things were binding upon the
State of Ohio. The case now is precisely par-
allel. When Congress came to pass the first
act authorizing the rebel States to call conven-
tions for the purpose of forming constitutions
with a view to their restoration they inserted
this condition:
"That whWthe people of any one of said "rebel
States shall have formed a constitution of govern-
ment in conformity with the Constitution of the
United States in all respects, framed by a conven-
tion of delegates elected by the male citizens of said
State twenty-one years old andupward, of whatever
race, color, or previous condition, who have been
resident in the said State for one year previous to
the day of such election, and when such constitu-
tion shall provide that the elective franchise shall be
on.j oyed by all such persons as have the qualifications
herein stated for electors of delegates, and when such
constitution shall be ratified by a majority ot the
persons voting on the question of ratification who
are qualified as above stated"—
And then it goes on to provide for the ad-
mission of the State. Up to this point the two
cases are precisely parallel. In such case the
conditions provided by Congress were laid
down in the acts of Congress authorizing con-
ventions to be called. Each State accepts by
means of provisions in its constitution or ordi-
nances passed by the convention framing the
constitution. Now, if they were binding on
the State of Ohio, as is conceded by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, they are binding upon the
State of Virginia. The cases are parallel, and
the reasoning is precisely the same.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say but a single word
in reply to my honorable friend from Indian^.
He thinks the fundamental propositions im-
posed by Congress upon the admission of
Ohio are entirely parallel with the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Missouri now pend-
ing before the Senate, and the conditions that
were attached to the reannexation, as it is
termed, of South Carolina and North Carolina.
There is this essential difference between the
two cases: the compact between Ohio and the
United States was in relation to property and
property rights alone. The condition now pre-
sented, and those imposed upon the southern
States, to which I have referred, are not con-
ditions referring to property or to property
rights, but to political rights, to the conditions
of sovereignty and power between the United
States and those respective States.
Now, my idea, in which I feel great confi-
dence, is this: that the relations between every
State in the United States and the Government
of the United States are political; that they
are provided for by the Constitution ; that they
are formed wholly and in all their parts by the
Constitution. If you wish to ascertain what
those relations are, or their principle in regard
to any subject, you must look to the Constitu-
tion and to the Constitution alono ; because
that is the power, and the only power, that can
regulate those relations between the United
States Government and the State governments.
If you desire to modify or change the polit-
ical relations between the United States Gov-
ernment and the States you cannot produce
that change as between the United States Gov-
ernment and any single State ; you cannot pro-
duce that change between the United States
Government and any number of States less
than the whole, because all the States must
have perfectly equal relations with the United
Stales Government. The only way in which
any modification can be made is not by the
adoption by Congress of the United Stales of
fundamental conditions, but by an amendment
of the Constitution alone. I hold that that
proposition is true, and that it cannot be re-
futed. Itiseonstitutionallytrne. AlltheStates
in this Union arc politically equal; all of them
have the same political rights under the Con-
stitution and in the Union and are subject to
the same political dutiesand obligations. There
is no difference, and there can be no difference
in those respects, between different States. If
it was possible to make a difference it could
onlv be made by a change in the Constitution;
but no change of the Constitution could ever
be made that would establish any inequality
between the States in those respects.
Here, Mr. President, is a matter of property
and property rights, the subject of propositions
made and accepted between the State of Ohio
and the United States Government acting by
Congress. They do not come in the form of
an amendment of the Constitution. They do
not come in the form of an act of Congress
passed by Congress by its own power- under
the Constitution, without the consent of the
State of Ohio. On the contrary, it is a delib-
erate proposition of terms by oue party to
another party, both parties having equally the
right to propound, to accept, or to reject condi-
tions ; in other words, it comes up in the form
of a contract made between the United States
Government and the State of Ohio.
I was struck by the boldness, I will not say
the audacity of the suggestion of my friend
from Indiana the other day, that whenever
Congress had the power to confer a right upon
any State or upon any people of the United
States it had necessarily the power to protect
the people in the exercise of that right. That
is true sub modo, but not true in the form in
which my honorable friend stated it. The only
protection which Congress and the General
Government can give where it has conferred
rights is by auxiliary legislation. It may pass
laws necessary -and proper to carry the enum-
erated powers of Congress into execution. It
cannot directly and of its own action apply or
administer the remedy. It can do it in no
form whatever except to pass laws in the nature
of auxiliary or incidental legislation, and these
auxiliary laws that are intended to enforce the
execution or the enjoyment of enumerated
powers and rights must themselves be in strict
conformity to the Constitution. _ They may be,
and they have been iu forty instances and
many more than forty instances in the last four
or five years flagitiously unconstitutional..
Now, sir, how is a person who is entitled to
the primary right, or the right under the pri-
mary power, to receive the benefit of this aux-
iliary legislation ? Like all the legislation of
Congress, like all the laws of the United States,
these auxiliary laws are to be applied through
and by the courts. There is no mode by which
Congress can execute its own laws. 'The propo-
sition of my honorable friend from Indiana
comprehended that anomaly and that great
and unconstitutional danger, that Congress
itself having conferred rights had the power to
see that those rights were properly enjoyed ;
and that it had the power directly by its own
action, by its own operation, to see that those
rights were properly enjoyed and that all ob-
stacles to their enjoyment were removed. Sir,
Congress has no such power. That would be
usurping the power both of the executive and
judicial departments, pro tanio. It would be
simply adjudging by Cqngress, Congress hav-
ing passed the law, whether it conformed to
the Constitution or not, and with the executive
magistrates of the Government to procecd to
execute the law. It would be a simple com-
bination in Congress, as relates to those mat-
ters, of all the powers of Government, and
would, pro ianto, constitute a most unmixed
despotism, an absolute despotism.
Sir, whenever it shall be necessary for Con-
gress fo enforce the fifteenth amendment, or
to aid in the execution of any congressional
powers enumerated in the Constitution in the
original text or any of the amendments, it must
come up with its proposition, just as any other
law passes, and pass an auxiliary act for that
purpose through Congress according to all the
forms of its legislation under the Constitution.
When that act is passed it can be applied only
by the courts. The courts will judge whether
this auxiliary legislation is valid or not; in
other words, they will judge whetherthis legis-
lation is in pursuance of the Constitution, or
whether it is unauthorized by it. If it >s not.
in pursuance of the Constitution the courts so
decide it and the who jo law falls a dead letter ;
it is no more a law than if the paper upon
which it is written were blank. The law, then,
