604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
of auxiliary legislation is submitted to the cir-
cuit or district courts first, and from there,
upon appeal or writ of error, to the Supreme
Court. If the Supreme Court decides that that
auxiliary legislation is in conflict with the Con-
stitution it is null and void.
The subjects of contract between Ohio and
the General Government were totally different.
They were not in relation to political rights
andduties and obligations respectively between
the United States Government and what would
be the new State of Ohio. If they had been
they would have been absolutely null and void.
I believe they are not called fundamental con-
ditions in the legislation in relation to Ohio ;
that is an advance, I believe, of the present day
in language if not in idea; but suppose Con-
gress had imposed as a fundamental condition
that the State of Ohio should come in with a
single member of the Senate, I ask any Sen-
ator here if such a proposition as that, even
if made to Ohio with full liberty on her part
to receive or reject it, and she had received it,
would have the least obligation on that State ?
Suppose that the fundamental condition had
teen that Ohio should come into the Union
with the power to vote only half the number
of electoral votes in proportion to her popula-
tion, or a thousaud other propositions that I
might imagine, would any of them be deemed
by any rational mind, even if accepted by the
State, to have the least obligation? Not at all.
But here there are certain property rights
within the limits of the proposed State of Ohio
that belong to the United States. Its govern-
ment makes overtures, propositions of contract
in relation to that property and those property
rights, to the State of Ohio. Those proposi-
tions, even though accepted, in no degree im-
pair or affect the equal sovereignty of the State
of Ohio as a State in the Union. They relate
simply to property that exists or that is to
arise from the sale of the public lands within
the proposed State. The Senator from Indi-
ana inquires what is to become of those prop-
ositions, of those terms of agreement between
the State of Ohio and the United States ? There
is the plainest answer in the world to that
question.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to ask him if the
propositions or conditions contained in the act
of Congress authorizing Ohio to form her con-
stitution did not embrace propositions in regard
to property which were to be answered by an
ordinance, but also embrace conditions in
regard to civil rights, the existence of slavery,
which were to be provided for by the constitu-
tion of Ohio?
Mr. DAVIS. I willt answer that question.
All that matter was provided for by the ordi-
nance of 1784 first, and afterward by the ordi-
nance of 1787, and the existence and validity
of that ordinance is recognized by the Consti-
tution itself. The Constitution recognizes the
existence and the obligation of all contracts to
which the United States had been previously a
party. Now, sir, if this contract is not kept
by Ohio the plain remedy of the United States
Government is by suit in the Supreme Court.
Here is our Constitution defining what is the
judicial power of the Government, and it ex-
pressly enumerates and directs that that judi-
cial power shall extend to all cases to which
the United States or any State may be a party.
There is an express provision to that effect.
If that ordinance had not been faithfully kept by
Ohio, but had been broken in any of its terms,
the remedy of the United States was to have
brought suit against the State of Ohio in the
Supreme Court, alleging the breach of the com-
pact, and that court has the express and ample
power by the Constitution to afford the remedy.
That remedy would imply no combination
of all the powers of the.Government, cxecu-
tive, legislative, and judicial, in the hands of
Congress. It would involve no despotism m
the matter. It would create no confusion, no
anarchy, no blending of the different powers
of Government which the Constitution itself
classified into three—legislative, executive, and
judicial; but just as in any other case of judi-
cial power, a judicial question, a judicial sub-
ject, the subject of these conditions would
have been brought by the United States_ in its
own suit against the State of Ohio in the
Supreme Court, and would there have been
argued, considered, adjudged, and executed,
just as rights between individuals are instead
of rights between the United States and the
State.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I desire
to say a very few words in correcting the mis-
apprehensions of the Senator from indiana in
regard to what I said before. He seems to
have understood me as expressly admitting
that the provisions of the ordinance of 1787
are still binding on the State of Ohio. I cer-
tainly did intend to admit that all the prop-
erty provisions of that ordinance are binding
on Ohio ; but in regard to the political pro-
visions of that ordinance I did not intend to
make either an admission or a denial of that
proposition. As is well known to the Senator
from Indiana, the question whether the ordi-
nance of 1787 in its political provisions is
binding on the States that were embraced
within the northwestern territory is a question
tl\at has been very greatly discussed, perhaps
never so greatly discussedinfavoroftheaffirm-
ative of the proposition as by the present Chief
Justice of the United States in a case pending
some years ago in the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. It has been discussed in the supreme
court of my own State again andagain; but some-
how or other the court has always shrunk from
deciding it; and so when it was discussed in
the Supreme Courtof the United States, in the
ease to which I refer, in the opinion of that
court, delivered by Mr. Justice Woodbury, that
question is set aside as not affecting the decis-
ion of that particular case ; so that the ques-
tion is left in great obscurity or doubt so far as
judicial determination has been had. I believe
that lately some courts, inferior courts perhaps,
have decided it contrarily; some one way and
some another.
But I do not propose to go into any discus-
sion of the point whether or not the political
provisions of the ordinance of 1787 are binding
on the northwestern States now further than
to simply state the argument. The argument
against their being binding is that that was an
ordinance simply for the government of the
northwestern territory while it remained a ter-
ritory, and to be regarded, so far as its political
provisions were concerned, as a law governing
a territory, or a compact with the people of
that territory; and it was said that whenever
a State was formed out of the territory and
admitted into theUnion uponan equal footing,
by the express terms of the act, with the ori-
ginal States, then whatever any original State
might do in regard to political affairs this newly
admitted State might do. On the other hand,
it was held that looking at the cession by Vir-
ginia, the provisions in the ordinance of 1784
and the ordinance of 1787, the very striking
fact that those ordinances were assented to by
Virginia, and then the further fact that a pro-
vision in the Constitution of the United States,
to which the learned Senator from Kentucky
has referred, seemed to give the sanction and
authority of the Federal Constitution itself to
the ordinance ot 1787—in view of those facts
it has been argued with great force that even
the political provisions of the ordinance of
17S7 are binding on, the States formed out of
the northwestern territory.
But it is not material to my purpose which
one of these interpretations is'correct. The
point to which I called the attention of the
Senate was this: that in the act for the admis-
sion of Ohio, which has been cited, and in
referring to this ordinance of 1787, looking at
that and reading it by that, there was no
assumption by Congress, no pretense of an
assumption of a right in Congress, by its own
inherent power—I do not like that word in-
herent" in regard to Congress; it has no inher-
ent powers—by its own constitutional powers, to
impose a fundamental condition upon a State
that would limit the political sovereignty of
that State so that it would not be equal to that
of any of the original thirteen States of the
Union. So far from that being the case, the
very act for the admission of Ohio declared
that she should be admitted upon an equal
footing in respect to sovereignty, independ-
ence, and rights with the original States in all
respects whatsoever; thus expressly declaring
that there was no right of sovereignty, no right
to be independent, no right whatsoever that
any one of the original States possessed that
the State of Ohio did not possess after she
became a member of the Union.
I think my friend from Indiana is wholiy
mistaken in supposing that that is a parallel
case with the present; that that would in any-
wise justify the amendment offered by tin;
Senator from Missouri to this bill. I call th-i
attention of the Senate once more to the fict
that, expressedin its simplest terms, theamend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri is simply
this : that Congress has the right to iimk the
power of a State in amending her own State
constitution by its mere legislation, by a mere
statute imposed by its own authority.
If this doctrine is true, when we admit a
State we are not at all bound to admit her upon
an equal footing with the original States; we
may have a Union of wholly unequal States.
If you can say that no State shall change her
constitution so as to deprive anybody who by
that constitution is now entitled to exercise
the right of suffrage of that right, you may
with equal propriety make it a fundamental
condition that she shall deprive somebody ot'
the right of suffrage.
If you can say to the State of Virginia, You
shall never change your constitution so as to
deprive the people who according to its pres-
ent terms are entitled to the suffrage of that
suffrage," you have an equal right to say to
the State of Virginia, "It is a fundamental
condition upon which you are admitted that
you shall disfranchise every man who was en-
gaged in the rebellion." You have as much
right to do the one as the other. You may go
further than that. Why, sir, I will not put so
extreme a case as was suggested by my friend
from Kentucky. Would any man stand up
here and say that you could make it a funda-
mental condition that the State should surren-
der the right to have two Senators on the floor
and be content with one? No one would con-
tend for such a thing as that. Why not? The
Constitution says in express words that the
Senate shall consist of two Senators from each
State; and it goes further and declares that no
State shall be deprived of its equal represent-
ation in the Senate, and no amendment shall
be made to the Constitution Id deprive the State
of that right without its consent. Why is it
that you cannot make it a fundamental condi-
tion that a State shall agree to have but one
Senator? Because such a condition would be
in conflict with the Constitution of the United
States.
But take it as the case of a Representative.
The Constitution provides that representation
shall be according to a certain basis that is
prescribed in the instrument. Have you any
right to say to a State, •' You shall agree to
come in here with a less representation than
that constitutional basis will allow you?'" No
one will contend for any such thing as that;
and yet the right of a State to representation
in the House of Representatives, its right to
Senators here, is no more sacred than is its
right under the Constitution of the United
States to regulate suffrage in the State. Until
you shall have amended ihe Constitution of the
United States so a.; to place limits upon that,
until you shall have amended the Constitution
