1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
606
in that respect, it is one of the reserved rights
of the States, and is just as sacred as if it were
written in so many words in the Constitution,
that every State shall regulate the question of
suffrage for itself.
Now, that being the case, I say that if you
undertake to attach a fundamental condition
such as this, the next thing you may do will
be to attach a fundamental condition that a,
Stale shall permit Chinamen to vote, or that
it shall permit women to vote, or that it shall
forever forbid Chinamen or forbid women to
vote.
Mr. President, it seems strange to me to
have to argue against such a proposition as
that. It seems strange that any one could sup-
pose that Congress has the power to limit the
right of a people to amend their own State con-
stitution, to limit it beyond the limitations im-
posed upon it by the Constitution of the United
States. If that is the case I want to know in
Heaven's name what is the use of talking about
States, or State sovereignty, or State rights, or
State independence at all ? Have we got that
far that the States are reduced to the condition
of counties, and that Congress can mold even
their fundamental law according to its mere
will; that it is mere clay in the hands of the pot-
ter,and that you can turn a State out of the Union
that never in fact was out on some condition,
or turn its government out, and then not admit
it again to its rights, not restore it at all to its
rights until you have molded and fashioned
its fundamental law—the constitution—to suit
your own peculiar notions?
If this can be done, Mr. President, by one
party it can be done by another. Notwith-
standing the great power of the party that is
now dominant in this country it must remember
that other parties have been equally powerful,
and that in the history of free governments no
party ever had a perpetual duration. The very
same precedents that you are making now will,
if they are sanctioned, be followed by your suc-
cessors ; and what you now consider a result
most desirable to be attained may be reversed
ana the very opposite of it forced to your own
lips. I, for one, stand upon the doctrine, im-
pregnable as a rock, that you can put no limit-
ations upon the power of a State except such
as are placed upon it by the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, 1 desire to
correct a statement of the Senator from. Ken-
tucky. I understood the Senator from Kentucky
to endeavor to turn my position upon the
ground that the ordinance of 1787 was recog-
nized by the Constitution of the United States.
If there be any provision in the Constitution
of the United States recognizing that ordinance
I would thank the Senator to refer to it. That
ordinance was passed at the same time that the
constitutional convention was in session, and
the ordinance was reenacted by the firstCon-
gress that met, and I think that was the fourth
act of Congress that was enacted under the
present Constitution of the United States. It
was not reaffirmed by the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. DAVIS. I will read the clause to the
honorable Senator if he will permit me.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. J.)AVIS. "All debts contracted and
engagements entered into before the adoption
of this Constitution shall be as valid against
the United States under this Constitution as
under the Confederation.''
Mr. MORTON. I was just going to refer to
that provision. That clearly had reference, to
thedebtwhich had been contracted beiore that
time, and to the obligations which had been
entered into by the Congress of the Confedera-
tion. The ordinance of 1787 was not a debt,
nor did it create an engagement. It takes two
parties to make a debt or to make an engage-
ment or contract. The contract, so to speak,
or the compact between the Government and
the people of the Territory of Ohio, was not
entered into until after the passage of the act,
of Congress of 1800 authorizing them to form
a constitution, because that made the proposi-
tion on the part of the Government of the
United States which was afterward accepted
on the part of the people of Ohio some ten or
twelve years after the adoption of the Consti-
tution'of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator if
the ordinance of 1787 was notagreed to both by
Virginia and the Continental Congress, and this
made in the formofacontract? The ordinanceof
1787 was a compact, an agreeement, a contract
between the State of Virginia and the Congress
of the Confederation. Ithasbeen agood while
since I read either the compact of 1784 or of
1787, but I think the compact of 1787 is substan-
tially in confirmation of that of 1784 ; and cer-
tainly if the ordinance of 1784 and the ordi-
nance of 1787 were agreed to both by the State
of Virginia and by the Congress of the Con-
federacy these words will embrace it: "all
debts contracted and engagements entered into
before the adoption of this Constitution." My
position is that the Congress of the Confed-
eracy and the State of Virginia made an agree-
ment, and that that agreement is evidenced
and established by these two compacts ; and it
being an agreement entered into by Congress
before the adoption of the Constitution, it ex-
pressly comes within the language of this clause
of the Constitution, and is confirmed by it.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator's position can-
not be right, for two or three reasons. First,
the act of cession made by the State of Vir-
ginia to the Congress of the Confederation I
think was in 1734. The ordinance of 1787 was
passed three years afterward, so that any terms
or conditions of the ordinance of 1787 could
not have been in contemplation in the act of
cession which took place three years before
that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. The act of cession was
before that.
Mr. MORTON. The act of cession was
before that, but it was accepted, I think, in
1784. The act of cession did not contain these
conditions. I have frequently heard it said in
political discussions, I think in 1860, that the
ordinance of 1787 was simply carrying out the
act of cession of Virginia made, I think, in 1783.
Mr. HOWARD. Seventeen hundred and
eighty-four.
Mr. MORTON. I never knew how that
misconception got into the Democratic mind.
I had to meet it and contradict it very many
times.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow me to interrupt him just one
moment to state my recollection on that sub-
ject? It has been some time since I looked
into it, but I think I understand it. The ordi-
nance of 1787 provided for various matteis
which were not provided for in the deed of
cession, of a political character, and so did
the ordinance of 1784. The delegates from
Virginia voted for both ordinances, but, ac-
cording to my recollection, inasmuch as there
were provisions in the ordinance which were
not in the deed of cession, the General As-
sembly of Virginia passed a resolution agree-
ing to the provisions contained in the ordi-
nance of 1787. Thai, is my impression.
Mr. MORTON. I was not aware of that act
of the Legislature of Virginia; but it is a mat-
tpr of no possible importance in the consider-
ation of this question.
When Virginia ceded that territory to the
Congress of the Confederation she made no
condition except that it should be organized
into republican States. The ordinance of 1787
afterward made certain provisions in regard to
the settlement of that territory. At that time
it was all one territory, "the territory north-
west of the river Ohio," and afterward up to
1787, there was no contract, there was no en-
gagement, there was no stipulation; but after-
ward, when that territory came to be carved
into States, the State of Ohio was cut out of it
in 1800 by act of Congress authorizing the
people of that territory to form a constitution.
Then certain conditions were propounded to
the people of the Territory of Ohio which they
were to accept either in an ordinance or in the
constitution, and at that time theiirst engage-
ments were made. This provision of the con-
stitution has no reference to the ordinance of
1787, and it has no reference to the subject-
matters contained in . the act of Congress of
1800, authorizing the people of Ohio to meet
and form a constitution. The " debt" referred
to here and the "engagements" referred to
were those that had been entered into by "the
Confederation, and it declares they "shall be
as valid against the United States under this
constitution as under the Confederation."
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly. _
Mr. DAVIS. Suppose Virginia had made
a proposition to the Continental Congress in
relation to property and the Continental Con-
gress had accepted the proposition; or sup-
pose, on the other hand, that Congress had
made a proposition to Virginia ana Virginia
had accepted the proposition in relation to
property, in either state of the case would it
not be an engagement, a contract.?
Mr. MORTON. It is a contract executed
so far as the territory northwest of the Ohio
river was concerned. It had passed as fully
and completely from the State of Virginia in
1787 as in 1870, Virginia having parted with
all title and control over that territory in 1784.
She had coded it, and ceded it upon the single
condition that it was to be cut up into States
that were to be republican States, without
other stipulations in regard to them. I have
taken more time, Mr. President, than I in-
tended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
as to the condition of the bill. Is it in the
Senate or in Committee of the Whole?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in the Sen-
ate. It has been reported from the Committee
of the Whole, and the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] has been
concurred in.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to prolong
this discussion ; but as bearing somewhat upon
the question of interposing safeguards in our
legislation here I beg to send to the Chair a
telegram which I have just received from an
intelligent friend of mine in Atlanta, Georgia,
and 1 ask the indulgence of the Senate to have
it read, showing the condition of things in
Georgia. It is interesting to us all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Secretary
will read the paper, unless objection be made.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Atlanta, Georgia, Jatuiarji 20,1870.
Dkatc Sir: Knowing the deep interest you feel in
the operation and clfect of the late " act to promote
the reconstruction of Georgia," in the passage of
which you took MK-h a distinguished and effective
part, I take the liberty ot communicating a few facts
in relation to the present political situation in this
State. Amid the conflicting anddoubttnlstatements
ofthe newspapers, affected and controlled by partisan
spirit, the conclusion0- of an impartial spectator upon
the spot, with ample opportunities of observation,
1 hope will prove of interest as well as use to \ outsell".
The first greatlaet. which almost immediately strikes
attention m this State is the fact that the whole
community here is divided, politically and socialls',
into two parties, the one loyal and in favor of the
United States Government, and the other opposed
to:>nd entertaining a bitter and implacable hatred
for it. When 1 say they are thus opposed to the
United State- Government I do not mean the pres-
ent Administration alone, but the very (rovernment
itselt. No matter how represented, they hate it, its
flag, and all that appei tainsto it. Itirf true tlicy call
themselves Democrats, in order to nominally identity
themselves with the party of that name North and
so give themselves an appearance of beiiiy a nationel
party: but this is a merecovor to hide their real
sentiments, and I verily believe that had the honest
Democrats of the North known, as I now know, the
real spirit of these men, they would indignantly
