1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
609
Mr. CONKLING. Why did we say it in
the acts I ask the honorable Senator?
Mr. HOWE. Two things may be said in
explanation. It might have been the opinion
of those who put that prohibition in, as Con-
gress, I think, was of the opinion with reference
to California, that the State could tax; or they
might have been of the opinion that it was bet-
ter to say upon the face of the statute " These
bonds shall not be taxed," to the end that all
purchasers might take them with a positive
knowledge of what was their liability, and with-
out the necessity of deriving that knowledge
from a consideration of the Constitution, but
to have it declared in the statute.
Mr. President, the Senator said in the course
of his remarks, very truly, I think, that this
matter of preserving the freedom of the rivers
was an appropriate subject of bargain between
the_ State to be admitted and the Union to
which it was to be admitted. I do not deny
that it is an appropriate subject for such a bar-
gain ; but upon his view of the law I should
better feel authorized to assert that it was an
appropriate subject for a mere statute. If it is
certain and clear that the State could impose
no tax, then there was no use of the bargain.
The only really appropriate subject for a bar-
gain as to the mode in which the powers of the
new State are to be exercised between the new
State and the Union I should suppose would
be either to restrict the State in the exercise
of some power which it would have but for the
bargain, or to restrict it in the exercise of some
power about which there was a rational doubt.
So I should suppose.
Mr. President, one other element I should
suppose ought to be brought into consideration
in determining what was an appropriate sub-
ject of bargain, and I should suppose that
other element would have reference to the
character of the power about which we were
stipulating. If we stipulate at all with the new
State for the abandonment of any of the pre-
rogatives which belong to any of the States we
ought to stipulate that it should abandon some
prerogative that ought not to be exerted. That
is the condition, as I understand it, offered to
the consideration of the Senate now.
We have been struggling for four years, if
not for longer, to secure some sort of immu-
nity and protection for two classes of people
within the limits of the States which were
recently in rebellion, some protection which
would make them reasonably secure against
the prerogatives which under- the old Consti-
tution existed in every State. We have finally
insisted that the ballot shall be put into their
hands, and that they shall have that sort of pro-
tection which the ballot affords. That is not
very ample anywhere, but it is something ;
because you know, sir, and we all know that
where I have the right to go to the polls just
once in the year and vote against a man or vote
against a party there is some limit to the
injustice and wrong and oppression which that
man or that party will attempt to inflict upon
me during the year. You know, sir, and we
all know, that however ignorant a man may be,
or however depraved he may be, or however
black he may be, you cannot kick him three
hundred and sixty-four days in the year with-
out exposing yourself to the liability of his
voting against you on that day when he comes
to the polls; so that wherever this power is in
the hands of a man he has some means of
protection. We have therefore insisted on
putting this sort of protection into the hands
of the loyal whites and the black men in those
States.
But it has been said that under the Consti-
tution of the United States as it existed before
the war each State had the power to prescribe
absolutely who might and who might not vote.
They certainly did do it. Well, now we have
undertaken to prevent the exercise of that pre-
rogative in these new States when they come in;
and now we are asked to impose a fundamental
condition upon this State that she shall not
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 39.
attempt to deprive any portion of these people
of this prerogative which we have found it
necessary to secure to them. Is that or is it
not an appropriate subject for a bargain* if we
have the authority to make a bargain ?
Now, sir, late as it is I shall not take up the
time of the Senate to discuss what are our
means for enforcing this bargain in ease we
make it. I think it very likely that the Sen-
ator from Ohio is right when he Assumes that
if we put this upon the statute-book we shall
not be obliged to turn the State out of the
Union if the State undertakes to violate it.
There maybe adequate remedies short of that.
This is what has encouraged me mainly to ad-
vocate and vote for these fundamental condi-
tions : theassurance I felt that if the Legislature
of the United States agreed to them there would
be less likelihood, less probability of an at-
tempt to violate them on the part of the States
than if we turned our backs upon them; than if
we advertised to the world that these conditions
we imposed upon Alabama, these conditions
we imposed upon Georgia, upon Nebraska,
upon California, upon Wisconsin were all nude,
void, null acts, and that we scouted the au-
thority which those Congresses that imposed
them undertook to exert. I do not think that
is wise, for I do not believe they were void acts;
and if they were void, in the present state of
our jurisprudence I would not say so.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I wish to
make two observations in answer to the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin, and I will
make the last in order first. The honorable
Senator discussed the meaning of the word
"appropriate," a word which fused because
it has been long used as a term of art. That
Senator knows what it means, as I kno.w,
standing in the relationship in which it has
been used. It does not mean at all, as he
knows, to touch that question which he now
suggests. Undoubtedly the question of the
rights of loyal men, white and black, the ques-
tion of the protection of human life and hu-
man privilege in every way, is in its large sense
a most appropriate subject for thought and for
provision. So is the preservation of the insti-
tution of marriage; so is temperance; so is
godliness; so are many other things which
nobody would think of suggesting as illustra-
tions of what is or is not appropriate legisla-
tion as to its nature and quality.  
The honorable Senator of course knows that
in the use of that term I speak of what is ap-
propriate as measured by constitutional power;
what is appropriate because it falls within the
domain of what we have a right to do. And,
certainly, it would be a most perverse and most
captious turn to seek to give the argument—and
I know the Senator does not make the sug-
gestion with any such view—to attempt to try
conclusions by vaunting the disposition, the
willingness, the enthusiasm we may feel to pro-
tect everybody everywhere.
Now, Mr. President, the honorable Senator
says in substance that he cannot avoid the con-
clusion that every Congress which has put an
abnegation of the right to tax the public domain
into an act has thereby affirmed the power, or
at least admitted its opinion of the power of
taxation to reside in the States.
Sir, I submit on the other hand to the hon-
orable Senator that the action of Congress in
every one of these instances is entirely and
fully explained upon this hypothesis: there
has always been a great party in the country—
I speak not of a political party, but a party
of minds—insisting, as we heard it very gen-
erally insisted on a recent occasion, that Con-
gress may if it chooses delegate or relinquish
permanently or temporarily to the States the
right to impose taxes upon the instrumentali-
ties of the General Government. There is a
party which insists that whether it be the
bonds, the Mint, the stage-coaches, the appa-
ratus of the Post Office Department, or any
other portion of the public property of the
United States, the privilege—if that is a better
■word—of taxing that property may tempo-
rarily or permanently be left by Congress to
the States. I am not advocating any such
doctrine, I need not say; I am only referring
to the fact—we all linow it—that-vast num-
bers of persons insist that such is the >faii*
interpretation of the Constitution. ■ •
Now the honorable Senator says that when
passing an act providing that- bonds should
be uttered, we filed a caveat against all, the
world by saying "these bonds shall have per-
petual immunity from State and municipal
taxationand he says we did it for abundant
caution, in good faith; in order, in short, that
nobody need be entrapped or misled, but that
everybody might know that Congress never
intended to surrender to the States or delegate
to them the power to impose such taxes. Very
well. I should like_ to know in what respect
the parity of reasoning fails when we transfer
it from the bonds to the matters we are consid-
ering. If Congress chooses to allow a State to
impose taxes upon the public domain there
were those-who insisted or who might insist
that that delegation of authority would-be com-
petent. Therefore, just like the case of the
bonds, I submit, I have a right to argue was the
case of Congress saying in this instance also
" we will file a caveat, so that all the world
may know not only that we have the power to
exempt these lands from taxation, but we in-
tend to reserve and perpetually to assert that
power;" and so of the navigable waters, and
so of all the varieties of subjects which have
entered into these preliminary compacts.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I am afraid that I shall not
be able entirely to agree with the honorable
Senator from New York on the points hitherto '
in discussion; and so that I may get his view
more clearly and accurately I will ask him this
question: whether he does or does not hold
that but for the condition inserted in the act
admitting California, for instance,which I have
read, declaring that the State shall not tax the
lands of non-resident proprietors higher than
the lands of resident proprietors, the State
would have had authority to discriminate in
the taxes between these two species of owners?
Mr. CONKLING. An illustration loses
nothing of its value if a particular fact does not
constitute the illustration. I have not before
me the act to which the Senator refers. I will
not undertake on a matter so grave as this to
speculate or reason at the moment upon the
question whether under any provision of the
Constitution of the United States, unaided,
unenforced, not set in motion by any legisla-
tion, one of the immunities of the citizens of
the United States living in other States, •would
or would not have gone as far as is supposed
in the inquiry which the Senator puts to me.'
He understands better than I do that there is
in the Constitution a vast domain of dormant
powers, a vast residuum, or more properly a
vast delegation of power which needs legislation
to give it momentum, to give it vitality, to set
it in motion. It is very likely the Senator may
find in some act something included which
but for that inclusion would have remained
paralyzed or partially paralyzed, and therefore
when he takes me up upon the particular illus-
tration which he gives I am not prepared to
say without looking at the acts whether that is
one of the particular kind of subjects to .which
I am referring, or whether it belongs to another
one of these classes of subjects; and I submit
to the Senator that if I were able at this moment
lo answer fully that question it would shed no
tight on the subject we are discussing.
The point at issue at this moment between
that Senator and myself is this: he thinks that
when it was said in an act of Congress that the
State of Alabama shall not tax the public lands
that was, borrowing the expression of some
Senator yesterday, a cognovit; that but for that
provision the State of Alabama would have
