612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J anuary 20,
before they attempt such a thing now. It may
come back upon them in the future. If we
introduce this description of maneuvers here
where is it to"end? When is it to stop ? Upon
what question is it to be pretermitted ? It will
come back some day to visit those who now
attempt to practice it. The Senate is not
always to be without its full number. The
Senate is not always to be depleted of one
fourth of its number. The time will be when
it will be full.
Mr. NYE. That is what we are trying to
do now, to fill it up. I suggest, also, whether
the Senator is exactly in order in reprimand-
ing the whole Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I am not reprimanding any-
body ; I do not undertake to reprimand any-
body ; but I do undertake to protest against
the introduction of this description of maneu-
vers here. If the Senator from Nevada calls
that reprimanding, then he gives it a name
that I had no intention of giving it in any way
w'hatefer.
Mr. NYE. The point of order I was about
to suggest is that the honorable Senator is
guilty, unintentionally no doubt, of infringing
upon the rights of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] who always complains
in the same way when he wants to adjourn and
we do not. [Laughter.] I insist upon it that
that belongs to my honorable friend from Mas-
sachusetts, and this speech of' my friend from
Missouri is a violation of his rights. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. DRAKE. Well, sir, I think the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts might just as well be
allowed to speak in defense of his own rights
in the premises.
Mr. NYE. This is his story, and it would
be indelicate in him to do so.' [Laughter.]
It makes a little odds, I find, whose ox it is
that is gored.
Mr. DRAKE. Now, sir,, the thing stands
in this way, and I want it known that it stands
so : the gentleman in charge of this bill goes
around during the day privately to his friends
and gets them to promise to sit this bill out,
and other Senators, not knowing that, go away
in the expectation that no vote will be had.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator from
Missouri charge that my desire to bring this bill
t°_a vote and sit it out on all occasions was a
private matter ? Have I not called for the yeas
and nays on all motions to adjourn, and said I
would hold the Senate here at alt times as long
as they would sit and try to get a vote? Is
there any contrivance in that? If there is, I
shall have to stir around a little more.
Mr. DRAKE. The gentleman has been
stirring around here for nine days, and I sup-
pose he is so fully impressed with the idea of
Kory O'Moore that there is luck in odd num-
bers that he does not want to trust this bill to
go over to the tenth day. Sir, it is all wrong.
There can be no possible justification for
attempting to press so grave a question as this
to a vote iii the Senate, with no outside emer-
gency resting upon us. in the absence of so large
a portion of the Senate as are now absent from
the Senate Chamber.
Twenty-six are absent.
j c<AJIE. Twenty-six, more than one
third, borne one says " they are all paired."
Who knows that? Certainly there is nobody
paired here, I guess, with a Democratic Sen-
ator. If they were paired with Democratic
Senators those Senators would not be here
waiting for this vote.
Now, Mr. President, I have said all that I
have to say about this matter. If it pleases
the Senate after what I have said to press this
matter to a vote, very well.- we shall see how
the thing will come out in the end.
_ Mr. CONKLING. They will all be back by
six o'clock. J
Mr. DRAKE. No ; they will not.
Mr. WILSON. Is it in order to move an
adjournment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
enough business has transpired since the last
motion to adjourn to allow of a similar motion
being submitted now.
Mr. WILSON. I make that motion. We
can get a vote to-morrow, but we cannot to-
night.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not like to see the
Senator from Massachusetts filibustering in that
way.
Mr. WILSON. I do not desire to filibuster.
I am perfectly willing to agree to take the vote
at three or four o'clock to-morrow ; but a large
portion of the Senate are absent at present,
and I do not think it is fair to take a vote to-
night. Therefore, I move an adjournment.
We can take the vote to-morrow.
Mr. STEWART. We can never get a vote
unless we sit the bill out.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not have an under-
standing that the vote shall be taken at a cer-
tain hour to-morrow?
Mr. WILSON. I will agree to take the vote
at three o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. HOWARD. I will agree to vote at four
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that we adjourn
now with the understanding that the vote shall
be taken at four o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to say four
o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts and the Senator from Michigan
suggest to the Senate an understanding that
the vote be taken at four o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CASSERLY. Allow me to suggest, to
avoid any misunderstanding, that the under-
standing is that the Virginia question shall be
disposed of to-morrow without any regard to
the shape of it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let it be understood
that all the questions relating to Virginia are
to be disposed of.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We had one understand-
ing that we would vote on the merits of a par-
ticular bill at a particular time. In a manner
that I thought was a violation of that under-
standing a majority of the Senate chose to lay
that bill aside and take up another. I decline,
for one, to have any understanding that shall
bind me on this subject. I am ready to vote
now, or adjourn, as the manager of the bill
thinks fit: but I decline to be a party to any
understanding.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator from
Vermont is quite right after what occurred the
other day. The Senate bill and the House bill
are word for word the same with the exception
of the word •' said.'' The House bill has the
word "said'J in it before Virginia;" the
Senate bill did not have it; otherwise they are
alike,_ word for word. And for Senators after
agreeing here upon a common understanding
to vote upon the question of the admission of
Virginia to insist that that was on a different
question, as the Senator from Vermont does,
strikes me as strange, and I think he may well
refuse to enter into any arrangement. Both
bills were on the table, and I had called atten-
tion to the House bill before the agreement was
made, and suggested its substitution that night
j before making the arrangement; and then to
i come into the Senate and refuse to abide by it
| was singular. I think the Senator from Ver-
mont is right now.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, lam aston-
ished at what the Senator from Illinois says. I
have sat many years in this Chamber and I
never heard any such assumption as he makes
to-night. The two bills were essentially differ- i
ent. They were different in origin, they were I
at different stages of legislative proceeding, I
absolutely different. The pretension that they !
were one and the same is not to be sustained.
Then, in another respect they were different,
lhe Senate bill had already upon it an import-
ant amendment which was not upon the
House bill, and now the Senator from Illinois
insistg that when there was an understanding
: among certain Senators that a vote should be
taken on the Senate bill having a particular
amendment that was applicable to the House
bill. The proposition is absurd, absolutely
absurd. I mean to use parliamentary lan-
guage. I will not transcend that; but I po
as far as I can to express the absurdity of such
a pretension. It is contrary to the usage of
this body. Nothing of the kind for the nine-
teen years I have sat here has ever been con-
tended. The Senator begins a precedent of
his own. I hope the Senate will not follow
it. The two bills -were essentially different,
and every one familiar with legislative pro-
ceedings must know that in consenting to act
on the Senate bill nothing was implied on the
House bill. Of course the assent to voting
on the Senate bill left open all possible reser-
vations on the House bill. It was known
that that would come up here, giving another
opportunity for discussion.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think there is any
occasion for heat or excitement. I think we
can get along with this whole matter without,
difficulty by adopting the suggestion I have
made, that we now adjourn with the under-
standing that to-morrow at four o'clock in the
afternoon we proceed to vote on this bill.
Mr. DRAKE. To-morrow is private bill
day.
Mr. HOWARD. We can setaside the order
for private bills for the purpose of taking this
bill up and voting on it. I doubt very much
whether we shall be able to come to a vote
upon it to-night, and there is very little use in
spending our time here in what is very little
better than wrangling, in my judgment, over
points of order and personalities and all that.
Let us come to this question and settle it. as
we agree we must act upon it finally and that
soon. Now, let us have a general understand-
ing that to-morrow at four o'clock we shall
proceed to vote upon this bill and then march
up to the task and accomplish it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Michigan that the
Senator from Vermont, speaking to the Chair,
has declined to assent to that agreement.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose a majority of
the Senate will conseut to it, and that will be
sufficient.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My honorable friend from
Illinois imputes to those of us who did not see
fit to vote at four o'clock on Monday on this
House bill a violation of faith, because he says
the understanding had on Friday last was that
we would at that time vote upon the subject,
and not upon the particular bill, and that he-
had in mind all the time, if I understand
him, the idea that we should take up the
House Virginia bill and give the Senate bill the
go-by. If I mistake his position I wish he would
correct me. I understood him to say so the
other day ; and he says, what is true, that he
had the evening before undertaken to call up
the House Virginia bill and that was objected
to, which would be pretty strong evidence to
most sensible men that the parties objecting
did not intend to take up the House bill. But
now let us see exactly what took place; I read
from the Globe what occurred in the Senate,
giving the details of this agreement:
. "jlr. Ikumbcll. As some of my friends here arc
very urgent about adjourning, especially my friend
, Iromlthodeloiraid, whois usually one of tbereadicst
to attend and cuspatch the public business, and as
! my Iricnd from Pennsylvania, who has been hero
ionger than any of us, insists on gomghomc to-nigbl
ana lor some reason or other is very anxious that the
bonate should adjourn, lwiii suggrst that if it can
be understood that we shall take the vote upon tin-*
Virginia biii to-ieorrow""' 
Mark the words, Mr. President. '' upon this
Virginia bill to-morrow." Then tho Senator
was interrupted:
-Morrill, of Vermont. Monday.
.Mr. Irvmbull. Well, Monday.
( fceveral Se.vatou^ Say Monday.
+_ -'•dr. iRruurLL. if it can lie understood that at
two 0 cloeK on Monday or at three o'clock on Mon-
Monda>^7KT';'ARr* to thruo o'clock on
"Mr, Tm-Miiru . if it be underwood that wc?lnll
