1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
No. 320, to perpetuate testimony in the courts
of the United States; which was ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the same com-
mittee.
RATIFICATION 03? AMENDMENTS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill for reference, to regulate
the mode of determining the ratification of
amendments to the Constitution.
Mr. RANDALL. Let the bill be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
A bill to regulate the mode of determining the rat-
ification of amendments to the Constitution of the
United States proposed by Congress.
Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of America in Con-
gress assembled, That in all cases wherein a State has
certified, or shall hereafter certify, to the Secretary
of State of the United States that the Legislature of
such State has ratified any amendment heretofore
proposed or which shall hereafter be proposed by the
Congress of the United States to the Constitution
thereof, it shall bo unlawful for such State to certify
thereafter any repeal of such amendment; and if
such certificate of repeal he made said Secretary of
State shall not receive or make any record thereof
in the Department of State, but the same shall bo
void and of no effect.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any and all
persons who shall, after the Legislatures of three
fourths of the States have ratified any amendment
to the Constitution of the United States proposed by
the Congress thereof, repeal or attempt to repeal any
ratification of such amendment after the same shall
have been certified to the Secretary of State of the
United States, and before the Congress of the United
States shall have proposed an amendment providing
for the repeal thereof, shall be guilty of a misde-
meanor,and upon conviction thereof in any courtof
the United States having jurisdiction in the premises
shall be subject to imprisonment not less than one
nor more than ten years or to a fine of not less than
$2,000 nor more than 810,000, or to both, in the dis-
cretion of the court. .
Skc. 3. All acts or parts of acts inconsistent here-
with are hereby repealed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How does that bill get
in here?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] asks unanimous consent to
introduce the, bill for reference.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
CONGRESSIONAL THANKING.
Mr. GOLLADAY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following preamble and res-
olution ; which were read, considered, ;iud
adopted:
Whereas the Postmaster tteneralhas decided that
by the present postal laws of the United States ben-
ators and Representatives in Congress have no right
to frank speeches or other public documents ior
remailing at any office after being once mailed; and
whereas postmasters in the United States have taken
the responsibility, with the knowledge if not appro-
val of the Postmaster General, to withhold letters
and other mail matter for postage that were franked
by a member of Congress, upon the groundthatsucn
member of Congress was not present at the locality
when* such matter was mailed : i herelore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Omcc
and Post Roads be requested to examine into this
subject, andreportbybillor otherwise the right that
Senators may be entitled to.
WILLIAM SILVER.
Mr. MERCUR. by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. li. No. 877) for the relief
of William Silver; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT ALBANY, NEW YOIIK.
Z\I-r. MAYHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted thefbllo wing resolution ; which was read,
considered, and adopted:
Itesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
«ad is hereby, requested to take into consideration
fhe erection of a suitable building at Albany, !New
York, for the accommodation of the Lnited btate.-,
courts post office, internal revenue, customs, and
other offices of the Government located in that city,
and to report to this House his viewsm regard thereto,
with such recommendation as he may deem proper,
together with the estimates of the cost ol the builtung.
AGRICULTURAL LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for consideration at this time a bill
to dedicate the public agricultural lands in the
State of California to homestead and preomp-
tion purposes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will have to object to
the consideration of the bill at this time. I
am afraid it will lead to debate, and I do not
want time taken for that purpose now.
Mr. SARGENT. If it leads to debate I will
withdraw it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. After the morning hour
I will not object.
railroad grant to oregon".
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 878) to extend
the provisions of an actentitled "An act grant-
ing land to aid in the construction of a railway
and telegraph line from the Central Pacific
railroad, in California, to Portland, in Oregon,
and for other purposes;" which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
pension laws.
Mr. KETCHA1VI, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 879) to repeal the
second section of an act making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions
of the United States for the year ending June
30, 1869, approved July 23, 1868; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
postal telegraph.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a bill to estab-
lish postal telegraph lines in the United States
and to have it referred to a special committee
of nine members.
Mr. ROOTS. 1 object.
anton smith.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 880) for the relief of
Anton Smith; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Patents.
acquisition of foreign territory.
Mr. LOUGHRID GE, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following preamble and reso-
lution ; which were referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed :
Whereas it is understood that certain negotiations
are pending and others in contemplation for the
purchase of foreign territory and the annexation
thereof to this Governmentbyandthrougb the treaty-
making department of the Government: -Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Constitution of the United
States doesnotconferuponthotreaty-iuakmgdepart-
mentofthe Government the power to extend the area
of this Government and bring within its jurisdiction
foreign countries and foreign people and invest such
foreign people with the right of citizenship in this
Government without the consent of Congress; and
until such consent is given no compact, agreement,
or treaty to that effect is valid or binding upon the
Government of the United States, and no officer ol
tbe United States has any autnority on behalf ot the
■ Government to take possession of such territory until
authorized by act of Congress so to do.
disabilities f'or desertion.
Mr. TYNER, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
BamlveH, That the Committee on Military Affairs
bo instructed to inquire into the expediency ot pro-
viding by law for the removal ol the disabilities ot
desertion which attach to soldiers in the service of
the United States during the late war of the rebel-
lion by reason of their having left their regiments
without leave afterthesurrenderof the rebel armies,
which prevent a settlement of their claims ior back
pay and bounty.
,JACOB (zAi'ES.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
881) grant ing an invalid pension to J acob Gates;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812.
LIMITS of TREATY-MAKING power.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs :
Ilesolved, That in the judgment of this House its
right to consider the propriety and expediency ot
the appropriation of public money for any purpose
whatever cannot be impaired or denied; nor can tho
treaty-making power vested in the President and
Senate conclude its action in any case where legisla-
tion is required to execute it.
taxation os produce brokers.
Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to.
lleeolved. That theCommittee ofWaysand Means
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of amend-
ing article thirteen, section nine, of an act entitled
"In act to reduce internal taxation and to amend
an actentitled' An act to provide internal revenue,'"
&c., approved the 13th day of July, 1866, so.,as to
relieve farmers from produce brokers' tax in the
disposal or sale of the produce of their farms.
geological survey op nebraska, etc.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Public
Lands the final report of the United States
geological survey of Nebraska and the western
Territories, under the direction of Hon. Joseph
Wilson, Commissioner of the General Land
Office, by P. V. Hayden, geologist. The com-
mittee are of opinion that this report ought to
be printed ; but we are not prepared to recom-
mend the printing of any extra copies.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does not the question of
printing this document go under the law to the
Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. The printing of extra
numbers must be referred to that committee;
but the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian]
proposes merely the printing of the usual
number.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I must object to
the introduction of the report at present.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana object to the reference of the report
to the Committee on Printing ?
Mr. JULIAN. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the report will be so referred.
There was no objection.
kailroad land grant.
Mr.-CLARKE, b7 unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 882) for a grant of
lands to the Junction City, Solomon Valley,
and Denver City Railroad Company, and for
the disposal of said lands to- actual settlers;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
arrears of pension to disabled soldiers.
Mr. HAY, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
bo instructed to report a bill to this House providing
that all persons who shall have lost both feet in the
military service of the United States and in the. lme
of duty, and those who, under tho same conditions,
have lost both hands or both eyes,, shall be paid
arrears of pension to the time of their disability at
the rate per month specified in an act approved July
4,1864, entitled "An act supplementary to an act to
grant pensions."
carriage of mails on railroads.
Mr. CALKIN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Jlesolved, That the Postmaster General he directed
to report for the information of this House, at the
earliest practicable moment, whether the contracts
for transporting the mails on the railway lines of
the different States of our Union are by mile or by
weight, and the price for the same.
william johnson.
Mr. HAY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 883) granting a pen-
sion to William Johnson, a soldier in the war
of 1812; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
personal explanation.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. For how long ?
Mr. KELLEY. Five minutes.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
a°Mr.dKELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I send to the
Clerk's desk the St. Louis Democrat of Janu-
ary 17, 1870, and ask the Clerk to read the
paragraph I have marked.
