616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
The Clerk read as follows :
" This cheap cry of British gold is about played
out. There are a great many more men in Congress
and out of it who are bribed to advocate what they
know to be against the public interest by American
gold than by British. We might easily retort on
Mr. KeIley. Itwould be easy to- say that his per-
sonal interest, to the extent of $100,000in iron works
in Irondale, Ohio, bribes him to cast a vote against
the public welfare. But that sort of argument may
well be left altogether to those who have no better
at command."
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I have called
the attention of the House to this paragraph
not by reason of its own importance, but be-
cause I have from time to time seen articles in
the papers speaking of my great pecuniary
interest in pig-iron. I did not know how to
account for them until within a few days one
of the gentlemen from Ohio, [Mr. (tabfield,!
or his colleague, [Mr. Wilson,] handed me a
letter, the printed heading of which informed
me that " William D. Kelley & Sons are the
proprietors of Grant furnace, Ironton, Ohio."
1 saw then that those who made this intimation
had at least a reasonable basis of fact. I want
to say that I do not know my namesake, but
was pleased to hear that he is a worthy and
prosperous man, with a large family of sons
about him who are laboriously aiding him in
his business, while I, less fortunate, happan
to have bat one son, who is not yet fifteen
years of age.
I am not interested in a foot of land in the
State of Ohio. I never had means enough,
having been a lawyer whose services were not
liberally requited, to embark in manufacturing
pig-iron or any other commodity. Nor do X
own, directly or indir.eotly, one dollar of capital
or stock in any mining or manufacturing inter-
est in the world. God knows that, as I feel
years creeping over me, I regret my indifference
to pecuniary matters, and wish I had boon able
to acquire some sueh property.
dispute with bltazir,.
Mr. WILKINSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution:
Jtesolved, That the President bo requested, if
compatible with the public interest, to furnish to
tholiousoall the correspondence between our'late
minister to Brazil, General Webb, and the Brazil-
ian Government, from the 26th of March to the iJ7th
ot'May,18g9, relating to aclaim for indomnityin *he
case of the ship Canada, wrecked on the coast of
Brazil in 1865, and which led to a suspension of dip-
lomatic relations by our minister, and the restora-
tion ot tho same, together with a copy of our min-
ister's dispatch to tho State Department on the sub-
ject : and also copies of any correspondence between
this Government and tho Government of Brazil or
its representatives on tho subject of said suspension
of diplomatic intercourse, and copies of any letters
or instructions from tho Secretary of State to our
present minister at the Court of Brazil on the same
subject.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I ask the gentleman
to accept tho following amendment:
And that tho State Department furnish in addition
a copy of an affidavit of Francis Kosa, tho fourth
mate of tile ship Canada, denying that ho ever
made any sueh affidavit or statement in regard to tho
loss ol the ship Canada as he is represented to
have made by tho Brazilian Government, and upon
which tho reclamation for damages was refused bv
Brazil.
Mr. WILKINSON. I accept that amend-
ment as a modification of my resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. Does that resolution in-
volve any expenditure of money ?
Mr. BUFFINTON. It does not.
There was no objection ; and the resolution,
as modified, was adopted.
Mr. WILKINSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I now insist on tho regular
order of business.
Mr. SCOFIELD raoved to reconsider tho
various votes by which bills, &c., had been
referred and recommitted ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
technical education.
Mr, KELSEY. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoak] to introduce
a resolution.
Mr. HOAK, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of tho Interior be
directed to communicate to this House, as soon as
may bo convenient, so much of the report of the
Commissioner of Education as relates to technical
education.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported
back a letter from the Secretary of War, in-
closing a communication from the adjutant
general of the Territory of Utah, inclosing a
statement of the expenses incurred by the Ter-
ritory in the suppression of Indian hostilities
during the years 1865, 1866, and 1867, and
moved that the papers be ordered to be printed,
and that they be recommitted to the same com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
public offices at jefferson city.
Mr. BURDETT. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Jtesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to take into consideration the erection of
a snitable building in Jefferson City, Missouri, for
the accommodation of the United States courts,
post office, internal revenue, and other Government
offices located in that city, and to report to this House
his views in regard thereto, together with an esti-
mate of the cost of the building.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
naval- coaling stations.
Mr. SWANN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Itemized, That the Secretary of the Navy furnish
to this House a list of the principal coaling stations
in the United States used in connection with the
naval marine; the average prices of coal at each
during tho years 1868 and 1869; whether anthracite
or bituminous; and the cfuantities purchased by the
Government at said stations of each kind for th e use
of the Navy in each year.
brooklyn navy-yakd.
Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Jtesolved, That tho Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to communicate to this House his views as
to the expediency of removing the navy-yard at
Brooklyn, New York, to another site.
ordbil ox? business.
Mr. KELSEY. I must again insist on the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York calls for the regular order, which will
bring on the morning hour and the consider-
ation of the League Island bill, on which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
is entitled to the floor, having fifty-one minutes
of his hour remaining.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Utah [Mr, Hooper] to present a
memorial.
admission oi>' utah.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the petition and memorial of
twenty-two thousand citizens of the Territory
of Utah, praying for admission as a State of
the Union ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories.
andrew ten brook.
Mr. BLAIR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 884) for the relief of
Andrew Ten Brook; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
appraisement oj1 imports.
Mr. DIXON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee 011 Commerce, reported back
the .bill (H. R. No. 745) to regulate the ap-
praisement and inspection of imports in cer-
tain eases, and for other purposes, and moved
that it be ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
various votes by which bills, icc., had been re-
ferred and recommitted since the adoption of
the like motion of Mr. Scofield ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
navy-yard at league island.
The House, as the regular order, resumed
the considerationofthebill(H. R. No. 480) for
the transfer of the Philadelphia navy-yard to
League Island, Mr. Scofield having the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. MYERS. How much of the morning
hour remains ?
The SPEAKER. Nineteen minutes.
Mr. MYERS then addressed the House, but
before concluding,
The SPEAKER stated that the morning
hour had expired, and the bill went over till
Tuesday next.
[The entire speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
military academy bill.
Mr. BECK. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Myers in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The first special order
is House bill No. 782, making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, on which
all general debate has been closed by order of
the House to five minutes.
The Clerk read as follows:
For new press, type, &c., materials for office, ami
diplomas for graduates, $1,300.
For cadet registers, classreports, blanks, kc,, SJ00.
Mr._ MAYNARD. I move to strike out
" &c. " where it occurs.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For miscellaneous and incidental exper.tci,
namely, gas, coal, andsoforth, for lighting Academv
barracks, mess-hall, and hospital, officer's stable-!,
and so forth, $3,500; water pipes, plumbing, repair.--,
and so iorth,81,500; scrubbing public buildings, (not
quarters,) $500; and for other miscellaneous items, as
per estimate, $2,290, amounting in all to £7,790.
Mr. BECK. I move to strike oat the words
4'and so forth " where they occur.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows ;
For the departments of drawing, French, ethics,
Spanish,^ chemistry, mineralogy, and geology, in-
cluding £1,000, and no more, for the yearly^upply
of chemicals, glassware, porcelain, paper, &c., for
the latter department, 8-1,010.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out
'' &c.," and insert after the word 11 SDanish "
the words " and the department of.'' *
Mr. BECK'. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to move the same
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. SCHENCK. I propose to offer an
amendment to come in at the close of this bill,
which I know is subject to an objection on
account of a point of order that may be raised
against it. But I trust, after the amendment
is read, that point of order will not be raised.
I send the amendment to the Clerk's desk to
be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
And hereafter,in addition to the other membcii
of the Board of Visitors to be appointed by tiie Pre--
ldent, according to existing law, to attend the an-
nual examination of cadets at tho United States
Military Academy, there shall bo one vcrvrueh hoard
two Senators, to be designated by the Y;<-u l'resi-
dent or President pro tempore of tho Senate, an<.
three member? of the House of lleprescntatives, tc
bo designated by the Speaker of theilouscof Repre-
sentatives; such designations respective! j* to hern :ido
at the session oi Congress next preceding the time
ot fucu examination: and the Senators and member-,
so appointed shall make full report of their action
as such Visitors, with their views and recommenda-
tions m regard to the said Military Academy, within
