1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
will be seen from what statutory source they
might obtain their impressions. " Upon these
meats this our Oiesar feeds."
The Special Commissioner has made four
reports ; one early in 1867, the seeond early in
1868, the third in 1869, and the fourth of the
quarternion is the one we now have under con-
sideration, and for which we are asked to tax
our constituents forthe printing of twelve thou-
sand copies for the use of the House. It has
already been widely published, and if we order
this extra number to be printed there can be,
notwithstanding the statement of the chairman
of the Committee on Printing, [Mr. Laflin,]
but one inference at home and abroad: that we
indorse its positions, statements, and conclu-
sions, and therefore think it worthy of general
perusal.
I propose at this time to call the attention
of the House to but one or two features. The
first report, not printed I believe by the House,
was accompanied by a tariff bill. This present
report also is accompanied by a tariff bill.
Mr. LAFLIN. With the gentleman's per-
mission I will take the floor to ask him a ques-
tion. In what year was the report made which
the gentleman says was not printed ?
Mr. MAYNARD. It was the report sub-
mitted January, 1867, to which I referred, bear-
ing date December, 1866.
Mr. LAFLIN. The report of the Special
Commissioner?
Mr. MAYNARD. Yes, sir. It was printed
by the Senate, not, I think, by the House. I
desire to incorporate with my_ remarks the
tariff bill which accompanies this present re-
port. It will be found at page 42 of the free-
trade copy, and at page 128 of the edition
printed by the Treasury Department, and is as
follows:
/Schedule of a tariff constructcdioith a view of obtaining
fromthenmallestnumberofimportedarticlesmcmnual
revenue of $150,000,000.
Class 1.—Articles of food and drink.
Revenue estimated
on the basis of
receipts 1868-69.
Beer, ale, and porter 
Chocolate and cocoa     jOO.uuu
Driod fruits at 2 cents per pound, and
green fruits at 10 per cent, ad valorem,
with no allowance for damage  o,0J0,000
Cigars, at S2 per pound.'    5,000,000
Tobacco, unmanufactured, at 25 cents per
pound  I,2o0,000
Coffee and substitutes for coffee  12,000,000
Molasses and melado  ^.OfM.OOO
Sup-nrs   <5,3,000,000
Teaf.„.V.V.".V.V.V.'.V.'.V...  10,000,000
Spirits', at $2 per proof gallon     4,000,000
Wines, other than sparkling, at 50 cents
per gallon      I'mnnm
Sparkling wines at $6 per dozen  1,000,000
-- l'.150i000
Sardines,'meats, preserves, &e  KS'Sm
Nuts   :• 450'000
Pickles, sauces, vermicelli, macaroni,
sago, &c    150,000
Total $82,500,000
class 4.—Fancy goods t at such specific rates as shall
be equivalent to thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Clocks, watches, embroideries, toys, musical instru-
ments, pipes, perfumes, ornaments, feathers, fire
crackers, &c $4,000,000
Laces, braids, and fancy webbing  1,000,000
$5,000,000
Class 5.—Drugs end chemicals.
Licorice, opium, oils, preparations containing spirits,
and patent medicines $1,500*000
Class Q.—Micellaneous at such specific rates as shall
be equivalent to from fifteen to thirty-five per cent. ad
valorem.
Brooms, brushes, mats, millinery, manufactures of
India-rubber, marble, cork, and hair, soap, hops,
soap, hops &o $2,000,000
Recapitulation.
Articles of food and drink $S2,500,000
Textiles and wares  38,000,000
Metals      15,0<X)f000
Fancy goods  5,000,000
Drugs, chemicals, and oils  1.500,000
Miscellaneous    2,000,000
Total. $144,000,000
class 2.— Textile fabrics and wares. Unties to bexn
specific form as far as possible, but the specific amount
represented by the rates named in the following list .*
Silks at thirty-five per cent., this being the highest
rate which it is easy or possible to eoHM'mSSSSi
great loss from smuggling   ....Sio.uou.uuu
■Wool and worsted manufactures, fifteen to
thirty-five per cent., averaging twenty-
five per cent., specific   ••••••• 10,000,000
Cotton manufactures, fifteen to thirty-live
percent.,averaging twenty-five per cent.,
specific  * *    o,000,000
■ Baxmanufactures.fifteen to thirty-five per
cent., averaging twenty-five per cent., _ ^ ^
Hemp'and' jiite manufactures, fifteen to
thirty-five per cent., averaging twenty-
five per cent., specific 
Gloves, hats, and bonnete.... ,.  1.000,000
Paper and manufactures of paper, ten per ^
ji'urs and manufactures of furs     500.000
Earthen, stone, china, and glass, twenty-
five per cent., specific  t.uou.uuu
Total jj38.000.000
Class 3.—Metals.
Iron, steel, load, tin, and manufactures of same, at
such specific rates as shall amount to twonty-hve
percent  
Before I proceed to examine this bill I ask
the attention of the gentleman on the other
side of the House, [Mr. Mungen,] who is a
member of the Committee on Printing, and
who electrified the House and the country the
other day with utterances touching the public
debt. 1 examined the gentleman's production
with some care and I find one sound kernel in
it. He says:
"Labor, which produces every dollar of wealth,
pays cverydollarof interest on thebonds, paysevery
cent of Government expense, cannot stand such
pressure."
Here are some provisions in this tariff bill
to which I invite the gentleman's attention in
connection with that sentiment. From the arti-
cle of tea it is proposed to raise $10,000,000;
from coffee, to raise $12,000,000; and from
molasses and sugar1, $38,000,000. Upon these
articles of tea, coffee, molasses, and sugar it
is proposed by the bill in this report recom-
mended to us for our adoption to raise from
the people of this country $60,000,000; arti-
cles that we do not produce, and which enter
largely into the daily consumption of every
household in the land. It will be recollected that
prior to the war tea from beyond the Cape of
Good Hope was imported free of duty. Coffee
imported in American vessels from the place
of production was also admitted duty free.
Under the "Morrill" tariff, March, 1801, raw
sugar and molasses paid a duty of three fourths
per cent, per pound. Now it is proposed to
burden them with $60,000,000 annually. That
is the recommendation of this report on one
side. Now I will invite the attention of the
gentleman to what is proposed on the other
side, for this report proposes to reduce the
tariff in some quarters. 1 invite attention to
several items in which his rural and agricultu-
ral constituents may feel an interest; others
there are of greater importance which I reserve
for some future consideration.
The tariff upon butter at present is four
cents per pound; on cheese the same; on
lumber, twenty per cent, ad valorem: on
barley, fifteen cents per bushel; on wheat,
twenty cents per bushel, and on wheat flour,
twenty per cent, ad valorem; on potatoes,
twenty-five cents per bushel. It is proposed
to strike off all these duties and to admit the
articles duty free. It must be recollected that
they are brought in from the British provinces.
, In the year 1868—the latest to whose statistics
i I have had access—I find that we derived a
revenue from them as follows: butter, $267,-
-103 75; cheese, $63,577 49; lumber, $1,174,-
984 70 ; barley, $566,547 39 ; wheat and wheat
flour, $319,938 38; potatoes, $47,544 81. It
is proposed to remit all this duty. Nobody
supposes that it would make the slightest differ-
ence in our own markets whether these arti-
cles are admitted free or subjected to a duty.
The only question would be as to the question
of profits to be realized by our provincial neigh-
bors. This bill proposes to allow the Canadian
farmer to come across our lines with his prod-
ucts and sell in free competition with our own
farmers; and it proposes further that our own
farmers shall with the money they receive for
their produce buy at their own stores the tariff-
burdened tea, coffee, and sugar for their fami-
lies, while the Canadian, after selling his pro-
duce, returns across the line and buys these
articles free of duty. That is a discrimination
against our own labor which I am not willing
to make even in these little articles; but it is
the carrying out of a principle which pervades
this whole bill.
I am in favor of reducing the tariff on the
necessaries of life not produced in this country
as far as it can be done consistently with a due
regard to the public revenue. I would as far
as possible remit the duties on tea and coffee
and sugar and molasses, and go back to the
condition of things before the war; and I would
collect the last possible dollar from the people
from abroad who seek to avail themselves of
the advantages of our market without con-
tributing anything to our revenue; and I had
hoped that my friend, with his well-known
views, would not have so far indorsed this
document as is implied even in his consenting
to print it.
There is a feature in this report to which I
invite the attention of the House. " I allude to
the mode of treating questions, of dealing with
facts, of philosophising upon them, if I may
say so, which I regard as vicious and unsound,
and which pervades this report from beginning
to end. I refer to a disposition, apparent
throughout, to undervalue and disparage our
industry and to present a discouraging view
generally of our affairs.
I have time to give but a single illustration.
It became necessary for the Commissioner in
making such a report as this to deal with the
labor question. He knew, all of us knew,
everybody knows that there never has been a
time in this country within the memory of
man so favorable to the laboring classes as dur-
ing several years past; labor never has com-
manded such wages. The laborer never was
so independent nor so much respected. In
the ever-shifting, never-ending strugglebetween
capital and labor capital was compelled in every
instance to yield. The labor strikes in every
branch of industry was invariably followed by
some concession from capital. This had to be
explained, and the laborer to be convinced that
his advantage was unreal and illusory.
The method was curious. From causes
well understood the supplies of breadstuff's,
especially wheat, were limited, and prices ruled
high. Flour commanded fourteen to fifteen
dollars per barrel; consequently labor was
drawn into that field and with the usual re-
sults. An extraordinary breadth of land was
cultivated, and two recent favorable seasons
occurring in succession the largest crops ever
known were produced, and prices fell. Flour
sold in the market at from four and a half to
five dollars per barrel. When the Commis-
sioner made his third report the prices of flour
ruled high. He accordingly addresses himself
to the operatives and mechanics to show that
however much their wages mighthavc increased
the cost of living had increased still more.
For this purpose he institutes a comparison
between the wages of labor and the prices of
flour. I quote:
"Now, the average increase in the pricc of a barrel
of wheaten flour throughout the manufacturing
States has been, from I860 to July 1, 1868, in excess
of ninety per cent.; while the increase m the waged
of laborers and operativesgenerally, skilled and un-
skilled, during the same period, has averaged about
fitty-eight per cent. Measured, therefore, by the
fiour standard the workman is not as well oft m 18b/
as he was in 1860 by at least twenty per cent., or, to
state the case differently, the wages which m 1860
purchased one and a half barrels of flour now pay for
about one and a quarter barrels.
"From a large number of returns made to the
Commissioner the following are selected as further
illustrating by specific examples the above eonclu-
" "Very careful and exact tables prepared at one of
