620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
the largest iron works in Troy, New York, return
th® prieo ofthe flour used by the workmen, and pur-
chased by them at retail in close proximity to the
works, at $6 50 per barrel in 1860 and 1861, and at $15
par barrel in 1867 and 1868. In the same establish-
ment the weekly earnings of the operatives were
increased during the same time as follows:
"Laborers,$5 to88 50; engineers,$10 to $15: shear-
men, $6 to $12 75; puddlers, $13 40 to$21 90; general
average advance in wages from 1860 to 1867-68, sixty-
nine per cent.
"In one of the leading machine shops at Buffalo,
New York, the weekly earnings of a portion of the
workmen in 1860 and 1867, computed in flour, were
as follows:
1860. 1867.
Riveters ami boiler-makers li bbl. H bbl.'
Best machinists 2 " i t '■
Ordinary machinists 14 " li "
Plangers 2 " l-j "
" In an establishment for the manufacture ofagri,
cultural implements, located at Brooklyn,New York,
the weekly earnings of the largest class of operatives,
in 1860 and 1867, also computed in flour, were as fol-
lows: Wood workers, in 1860, one and a half bar-
rels ; in 1867, one barrel.
"At a locomotive establishment in Paterson, Hew
Jersey, the weekly wages of ordinary machinists in
1860-6J. were $7 50; and were about seventy-live
cents in excess of theretail price of a barrel of flour.
In the same establishment the same operatives re-
ceived in 1867-68 $13 50 per week for the same labor;
but this sum then lacked $1 50 ofthe price sufficient
to purchase a barrel of flour in the same loeality."
lieport January, 1869, p. 18.
Here is no congratulation of the farmer
upon the fair reward of his labor by which he
had been able to pay his debts, to remove the
mortgage from his farm, to make valuable and
permanent improvements, and to attain a con-
dition far better than he had ever known. This
did not fall in with the line of his argument,
and he lets the agricultural laborer pass un-
noticed.
Before the date of his last report, however,
there had come a change in the price of flour.
It had fallen so low that a barrel might be pur-
chased by a day's wages of a skilled mechanic.
This time he passes by the mechanic and the
operative and addresses himself to the farmer,
laboring to convince him that his bountiful
wheat harvest is after all quite a sorry affair:
"We will therefore assume that the farmer has
turned say one hundred bushels of wheat into one
hundred specie dollars, and next endeavor to trace
this sum of money through its course in procuring
for its possessor the satisfaction of the wants under
the stimulus of which he has performed the labor
of guiding the powers of nature to the production
of the wheat.
"He hasneed of salt, and he finds that he can pur-
chase it in Liverpool or Cadiz and lay it down in the
United States at from fifteen to twenty cents per
bushel; but the Government, through its currency
and its tariff, has imposed such a tax upon it as to
make it better for him to pay from forty to forty-five
cents per bushel for American salt; or, in other
words, to take less than half the quantity for the
same money, the Government at the same time re-
ceiving but little revenue, the ostensible object for
which atax on salt, through the medium of the tariff,
was in the first instance imposed.
"Or perhaps he lives in Maine and wants coal, and
could get twenty tons from Nova Scotia for his $100.
But the Government having imposed a tax of $1 25
per ton of two thousand pounds, in gold, upon its
importation, he finds it better for him to expend
|1 50 per ton more for transportation of coal from
Pennsylvania. Thus thirty dollars' worth of un-
necessary transportation has been performed, the
Government has no more revenue, and he has less
coal.
"Or perhaps he wishes to carpet his rooms. In
London the specie dollar received for a bushel of his
wheat would purchase of 'tapestry Brussels' a yard
and a third; but in New York he would find that
Government, through its currency and tariff, had so
taxed carpets that his specie dollar, even converted
into currency, will purchase only about four sixths
of a yard of the same style and quality. If, however,
his means do not allow of the purchase of tapestry
Brussels, and he should endeavor to satisfy his wants
with a coarse drugget or booking, he would find that
the price of his grain would purchase less compara-
tively than of even the more expensive and costly
article. If he wishes to invest the proceeds of his
wheat m blankets he will find that one hundred
bushels sold in Liverpool will buy him over seven
hundred pounds of this article; but if sold in New
York at present prices it will not bring him an excess
of three hundred and fifty pounds. If ho should
endeavor to console himself with the reflection that
the Treasury gains to the extent that he loses, and
that through his sacrifices the period for the extin-
guishment ofthe national debt is shortened, he will
And the receipts from the duties on blankets under
havo becn as follows: 18G2, $012,283;
1866, $48o,978; 1867, $207,598; 1868, §25,288.
In fact, in almost any direction in which he at-
tempts to expend his $100 in specie, or, in other words,
for whatever article he attempts to exchange his one
hundred bushels of wheat, he finds that the Govern-
ment has interposed and has dictated to him that at
this present time he must either buy what he might
not have done or take less than what he mierht other-
wise obtain."—Report, December, 1869, p. 49.
The following table shows the purchasing power of a hundred bushels of'wheat as measured bv
the price of vartous articles %n the city of New York in the years 1859 and 1869 respectively.
Commodities.
i Prices in 1859.
Quantities which
100 bushels of
wheat would
purchase in
1859.
Prices in 1869.
Wheat 
English bar-iron, common...
Coliins's axes 
Ingrain two-ply Lowell car-
peting 
Cut nails 
Blankets, 10-4 
Liverpool salt, in bags 
Men's ordinary boots 
Waxed-legged boots 
Black alpaca 
Steel, Sheffield cast-steel 
Stoves, five holes !
Mackerel, No. 1 i
Mackerel, No. 2 *.!
Codfish, large !
I &1 45 porbus 
I 2g-c. per lb.,
i 9 00 per doz i
75 c. per yd...
3 e. per lb....
3 50 per pair....
90 c. per bag..!
21 50 per doz |
4 50 per pnir.. J
24 c. per yd. J
14 c. per lb.:..!
6 00 each |
11 OOpcrbbl !
10 OOperbbl i
4 00por100 lbsJ
100 bushels 
6,824 pounds 
16 1-9 dozen 
; 193 a- yards 
1 4,833 pounds 
4U pairs 
161 1-9 bags 
6-fdozcn 
32 pairs 
601 1-6 yards 
1,035 5-7 pounds..
211-G stoves 
13 1-5 barrels 
14.j barrels 
3,625 pounds 
SI 35 per bus....
■' 3r c. per lb
; 12 00 per doz...
i
1 30 per yard..
5 c. per lb...
; 5 50 per pair...
: 2 60 per bag....
H2 00 per doz....
6 83 per pair...
40c.per yd...
19 c. per lb...
9 50 each i
27 00 per bbl....
16 00per bbl....
7 SOperlOOlbs.
Quantities which
100 bushels of
wheat would
purchase
1869.
100 bushels....
4,154 pounds..
lHdozen 
103 11-13 yards....
2.700 pounds 
26 j pairs 
51 12-13 bags 
3 1-7 dozen  
20£ pairs 
3374 yards 
710 10-19 pounds.
14 1-5 stoves 
5 barrels 
Si- barrels 
1,800 pounds 
In all this there is not the slightest reference
to the largely increased number of bushels pro-
duced by the same labor, nor any notice taken
ofthe effect of cheap bread upon the mechanic
and artisan. Had a politician resorted to
this style of discussion when dealing with
these questions people would probably have
denounced him as a demagogue. As against
a politician J cannot say the accusation would
not be just. In a special commission this style
of treatment should, perhaps, be regarded
merely as unpliilosophical, deficient in grasp,
and every way unsafe as a guide to sound legis-
lation. Such, after a careful perusal, seifms
to me to be the character of this document.
Abroad it will gratify the enemies of the coun-
try much more than its friends. Many a scheme
of emigration will be abandoned by its dis-
heartening pictures. I cannot indorse it even
by implication and under protest; will not
vote to print it.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendment of the House to the
resolution of the Senate relative to the appoint-
ment of a joint select committee on the subject
of the heating, lighting, and ventilating of the
Senate Chamber and Hall ofthe House of Rep-
resentatives, and had appointed Mr. Nye, Mr
Akthon'y, and Mr. Stocktox as the members
of the committee on the part ofthe Senate
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a resolution accepting the
statue of Major General Greene; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
REPORT OF COMMISSIONER Off THE IlEVKNUK.
Mr. LAFLIN resumed the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a single moment to make a proposition
to him. The matter before the House is of very
considerable importance. When Ihadthehonor
of discussing this report the other day, the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] con-
sented to the extension of my time on the con-
dition that they should have an ample oppor-
tunity to discuss the report, and good faith
requires that I should ask the gentleman in
charge of the resolution to give the amplest
time for that discussion, and as preliminary
to that, that he give my colleague on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Maynard,]
who seems to have given the report especial
consideration, more time than he has yet had.
I hope he will do so.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not wish to extend
my remarks more than a few minutes longer.
Mr. LAFLIN. As I announced when I pre-
sented this report, it was not the purpose of
the committee to ask; the House, or with its
consent to allow the House to enter upon a
general discussion of the question of the tariff.
It was only in obedience to that courtesy which
I felt was due to a member of our committee
that I so far departed from that resolution as
to give, as I did to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cake,] the right to occupy the
floor for thirty minutes.
Mr. CAKE. When the committee agreed
to report favorably on this resolution the gen-
tleman agreed that I should have that time.
Mr. LAFLIN. Certainly ; I yielded in ac-
cordance with a previous arrangement. Now,
on the one hand, as chairman of the Commit-
tee on Printing, I am appealed to by certain
members ofthe House to demand the previous
question, because they say it must be perfectly
evident to the committee that this resolution
will meet the approval of the House. I have
confidence to believe that it will, and hence,
perhaps, the committee is not justified in con-
suming the public time.
On the other hand, inasmuch as the state-
ments of the report have been severely attacked
upon this floor, and inasmuch as the question
is one of such deep and general interest, and
involves the determination of such grave meas-
ures, I am appealed to by those who adopt
some of the conclusions of the report to allow
them to have an opportunity to meet the state-
ments and charges that have been made con-
cerning it. I do not feel at liberty to consult
my own personal feelings with reference to this
matter. If I did so, it would most assuredly
be more agreeable to me to demand the pre-
vious question : and if in any way, with these
conflicting views pressed upon me, the wishes
°t ti?® House can be made known to me, I
shall be most happy to respect those wishes,
^ ^ be the wish of the House, to give
m the consideration of this resolution, which
simply provides for the printing ofthe report,
a general and broad discussion. But I do not
feel now, inasmuch as almost every effort that
has been made upon this floor lias been directed
m antagonism to the report itself, that until I
am assured of the earnest disposition of the
House to engage m this debate, I ought to yield
to that generous feeling which I always expe-
rience when called upon by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] and the gentleman
V «nAe#S-e,[,^- Ma™kd] for any favor,
Mr. MAYNARD. I will observe to the
gentleman that five minutes is all I want,
iu J: LAFLIN. I would really like to know
the disposition of the House upon this ques-
tion, and unless some motion is made looking
to that, I shall be obliged to decline the request
ot the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ko.-
r.ryj and yield ten minutes to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
