622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
in the negative—yeas 49, nays 129, not voting
32 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Arnell, Bai-
ley, Benton, Blair, Bowen, Burdett, Benjamin F.
Butler, Cake, Cessna, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Cowles, Deweese.Dickey, Donley, Duval, Ferriss,
Fislrer, Gilfillan, Heaton.Hill, Hoge, Kelley, Kelsey,
Knapp, Maynard, McCarthy, McGrew, Mercur,
William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, JSfegley,
O'Neill, Packer, Palmer, Phelps, Sanford, Sargent,
Scofield, Porter Sheldon, Strickland, Tillman, Town-
send, VanHorn, Willard, and John T. Wilson—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Asper, Axtell,
Banks, Beaman, Bsatty, Beck, Benjamin, Biggs,
Bingham. Bird, Boles, George M. Brooks, James
Brooks, Buffinton, Burchard, Burr, Roderick B.
Butler, Calkin, Clarke, Coburn. _ Cook, Conger,
Crebs, Cnllom, Dawes, Dickinson, Dixon, Box, Dyer,
Bla, Eldridge, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch, Garfield,
Getz, Golladay, Greene, Griswold, Haight, Halde-
man, Hale, Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins, Hawley,
Hay, Ileflin, Hoar, Holman, Hooper, Jenckes, John-
son, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kellogg, Kerr,
Knott, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge,
Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, MeCrary, McNeely,
Eliakim H.Moore, JesseH. Moore, Morgan, Samuel
P.Morrill, Mungen.Niblack, Orth, Packard, Paine,
Peters, Poland, Pomeroy, Potter, Randall, Reading,
Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sawyer, Schenck, Sehumaker,
Shanks, Sherrod, Slocum, John A. Smith, William
J. Smith, Worthing ton C. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strader, Strong, Swann, Sweeney, Taffe, Tanner,
Trimble, Twiohell.Tyner, Upson, Van Trump.Voor-
hees. Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.
WashburnAY ells. Wheeler, Whittemore, Wilkinson,
Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Witeher,
Wood, and Woodward—129.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Barnum,
Bennett. Boyd, Buck, Buckley, Churchill, Cleve-
land, Cox, Davis, Dockery, Farnsworth, Fox, Ham-
ilton, Hays, Hoag, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Alexan-
der H. Jones, Ketcham, Lynch, Morrissey, Prosser,
Roots, Lionel A. Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, Stevens,
Stone, Van Auken, Welker, and Winans—32.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. VAN HORN stated that his colleague,
Mr. Hoao, who was absent, would if present
vote in the negative.
The vote ivas then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. LAFLIN. I rise to close the debate, and
I will first yield five minutes of my time to my
colleague on the Committee on Printing from
Ohio, [Mr. Mungen.]
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, when this
matter was submitted to the House I under-
stood it was simply a question whether we
should or not print a certain number of copies
of this report; but to my utter surprise gentle-
men have dragged in the general question of
the tariff bill and discussed that instead of the
motion to print. I do not understand that it
is a proper subject of discussion under the
resolution now pending before the House.
I wish to say distinctly to my esteemed friend
from Tennessee, [Mr.MAyx.ird,] who evidently
misunderstood my position in the speech I had
the honor to make on the 16th of last month,
that he puts me in the wrong place entirely.
I then attempted to defend labor against capi-
tal, and Isaid nothing at all about the tariff.
I arn not in favor of taxing the laboring man
on his tea, sugar, and coffee. I never uttered
a word which could justly lead the gentleman
to entertain any such idea. The gentleman,
therefore, has entirely misunderstoodme. While
1 respect him highly he must let me say that
in this instance he mistakes the position I
occupy; and I take this occassion to assure
him, so far as the tariff question is concerned,
1 am a tariff man only for the purpose of col-
lecting the requisite amount of revenue. I
make this as an incidental remark.
Mr. MAYISi ARD. The gentleman will allow
me to explain. I understood him to take the
position just as he now states it, and the ground
I took was that with his well-known views I
imagine he would not even by printing such a
document as this put himself on the record
as indorsing the proposition as here made.
, Mr. MUNGEN. I do not indorse the tariff
bill at all; nor am I called upon to indorse it
in orderingthe printing of this document. This
is a separate and distinct matter. I am obliged
to the gentleman for the explanation he has
made.
One reason why I vote for the printing of this
document is thai I have been applied to for
more copies of this report than will come to
my share under this resolution. Since the Re-
publican papers have begun to attack this report
there have been applications coming to us from
all quarters for copies of it, and for one I am
forgiving the people all the information neces-
sary. Let us have all the light we can, and if
the present tariff law cannot stand it let it go
down. I care nothing about it. The people
want to see it. As has been said, the stereo-
type plates are ready and the cost is a trifle.
Let us print it, then.
As to the report being got out under the aus-
pices of the free-traders, I care nothing about
that. I am not a free-trader. I am a revenue
tariff man, and as far as my vote will go it will
go in that direction. But I am opposed to mo-
nopoly of every kind. And I am opposed to pay-
ing ninety dollars a ton for Pennsylvania iron
when England will deliver it here at forty-two
dollars. If I am wrong in my facts as to this I
am willing to be corrected. I do not see any jus-
tice at all in this sort of thing. I do not believe
in paying a bonus to the New England men to
keep up their business. I hold that if they
cannot make money fairly out of manufactur-
ing business they ought to quit it and take to
something else. If they cannot get money by
making boots and shoes let them embark in
some other business. Let our rule be to buy
in the cheapest and sell in the dearest market;
and let us refrain from taxing the necessaries
of life, such as tea and coffee, while we let off
the large capitalists, such as the great iron men
of Pennsylvania. And the New England man-
ufacturers were, last Congress, by one stroke
relieved of $88,000,000 of taxes by the exemp-
tion of manufactures.
And who pays this ? It is labor that pays it.
Now, if we will do away with this monopoly
business and relieve labor of the burdens now
imposed upon it we will be doing something
for the good of the people. To listen to some
gentlemen talking in this House you would
fancy that nobody performed any labor in this
country except in Massachusetts and Pennsyl-
vania. I beg to say to those gentlemen that I
believe it to be the fact that the most hard-
working men will be found in the West, or at
least a great portion of them. I know that the
men who labor in the mines of Pennsylvania
and^those who are under the lords of the loom
in Massachusetts—I know that they work hard,
but I think it will be found that those who till
the soil in the West work as hard, if not harder
than they.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAFLIN. I now yield for a minute to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cake.]
Mr. CAKE. Mr. Speaker, I do not see how
my colleague, the chairman of the committee,
can deny me one minute after the personal
attack we listened to a moment ago, and to
which I was denied the privilege of answering
at the time.
I desire only to say in answer to the attack of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
directed against me that I keep constantly in
mind the best interests of the constituency I
represent, that he does not seem to under-
stand the coal question, and that I will take
an early occasion to enlighten him. When he
says his constituency pays $1 25 a ton upon
the product of my district he proves his utter
iguorauee upon one of the leading questions
of the day and to how little purpose he has
been p.aid for long years of learning how to
discuss' public questions upon this floor. In
the case of Mr. Wells he has another opportu-
nity, as he had in that of Andrew Johnson, to
cast in the teeth of the Republicans the fact
that they and not his party are responsible
for whatever is wrong in the premises. I know
that fact as well as he, and in this case am
almost in despair when I think of the terrible
enemy the industry of this country encounters
in the free-trade league he eulogizes. That
Mr. Wells was bought up by the money of this
league or by the men who furnish most of the
money to run the machinery of this league—I
mean the iron-masters and manufacturers of
England—is believed by many men besides the
gentleman from New York and myself.
Mr. LAFLIN. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] three
minutes.
Mr. KELLEY. In order that gentlemen
may understand the case I desire to say that
this report can be had without being printed
for the House. Two editions have already
been printed at the Government expense. One
of these is now withheld in order to induce
gentlemen here, to vote for an extra issue that
they may get copies. And here is another that
is being circulated broadcast. The edition I
have first referred to we were entitled to have,
and ought to have been here in the document-
room some time ago. And still another edition
has been issued. I hold in my hand an editorial
of the New York Evening Post of December
13, written before the report was issued. It
gives the substance of the report, and then
makes this announcement:
"Under these circumstances the American Free-
Trade League of this city has determined to publish
the report as soon as it can be obtained, and will
furnish"—
Gentlemen economists, see how much you
can save by leaving the printing of this docu-
ment to private enterprise—
" and will furnish it in pamphlet form at a price
not above one half the cost of printing it."
On the 13th of December, therefore, the free-
trade league were aware of what was contained
in this official report, and were prepared to dis-
tribute it as soon as it was presented to Con-
gress at a price not more than one half the cost
of printing it. Thus, then, we have three edi-
tions to be scattered over the country, besides
the circulation given by the newspapers; for
the article goes on to say:
"Every journal in the country which is in favor
of revenue reform and wishes the people to know the
truth on this subject would act wisely to buy an edi-
tion of this report and send it as a supplement to all
its subscribers. Those who desire to do this may
address Mr. Mahlon Sands, the secretary of the
league, at 69 William street, in this city."
Mr. DAWES, and Mr. WILSON of Min-
nesota, severally asked the gentleman to yield
to them for a moment.
Mr. KELLEY. I yield to nobody. [Laugh-
ter.] This report, it seems, has deceived even
the experienced gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] by its false statements. What
can be thought of a scheme which, while de-
nouncing a protective tariff averaging forty-
seven and a half percent., suggests duties pro-
tective in their character of hundreds per cent.,
going as high as eight hundred and thirty-three
per cent. ? It would tax your spices at from
two to four hundred per cent.; it would tax
every ounce of tea at the rate of seventy-eight
and a half per cent. What interest does it
protect to tax our coffee forty-seven and a half
percent.? What interest does that protect?
Yet your Commissioner of the Revenue desires
to subvert the industry of the country by these
high taxes—taxes on our labor, taxes on our
industry. Is he honest? Is he truthful? Is it
fitting that Congress should indorse such false
figures and falser deductions ? Is it fitting that
when the document can be bought for less than
the costofprintingit Congress should proclaim
to all Europe that it approves the report ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAILIN. 1 now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ran-
iull.]
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I shall vote
for tne printing of this report, for the reason
that the Senate sent this resolution here and
desires that it should be printed. It is usual
