1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6
to print such reports. The demand for it
made upon me by my constituents warrants
me in voting to print it. As to the suggestion
of my colleague, [Mr. Kelley,] that copies of
this report can be obtained from thg free trade
league of New York, it has 110 force to my
mind. I am no more affiliated with and have
no more sympathy with that organization or
the purposes it ha3 in view than do I come here
under the shadow of the protective league of
my own city. The facts and arguments, the
deductions and recommendations of this Com-
missioner, who was not placed in that position
by any action of mine or by any action of those
with whom I am associated, must be met, and
if his alleged facts cannot be refuted, if his
recommendations cannot be shown to be falla-
cious, Pennsylvania must take the consequences
of these facts and those recommendations.
It seems to my mind, sir, that it is a small way
for the Representatives from any State, and I
feel it is small in a Representative from my
own State, to seek to stifle those facts and those
figures which emanate from an official of this
Government. The better mode, the most effect-
ive way to overturn these statements, is to
discuss them, and to show by the light of the
experience of the past that they are not
warranted.
Sir, this document is one of the most inter-
esting documents to my mind that has ever
emanated from an official in this country since
I have had the honor of a seat in this body.
As to this gentleman's motives, I do not in-
quire into them, nor do I inquire into the mo-
tives of my colleague, [Mr. Kelley,] as did
that paper from which he had an extract read
this morning. I believe this gentleman is honest
in his sentiments, just as Ibelieve my colleague,
who deprecates the printing of this report, is
honest in his sentiments. My colleague must
meet this issue as every Pennsylvania Repre-
sentative must meet it; he must meet it and
look it in the face; and I say to him here to-
day that the tariff upon pig iron is too high,
and should be reduced. 1 say further, that the
profits of the manufacturers of pig-iron in my
own State warrant that reduction. I do not
know yet what the Committee of Ways and
Means will recommend in that respect; but I
shall endeavor so to vote here as to protect my
people, as I have always done, in connection
with this tariff question. I yield to none in
that respect; but I am not going to vote to put
a tariff upon pig-iron which will enrich enor-
mously these iron-maaters when all those of
us who are not iron-masters are made tributary
to their enormous profits.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAPLIN. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I desire, if I can
in the very brief time allowed me, to analyze
the opposition to the printing of this report.
The questions discussed in the report are cer-
tainly of the very gravest _ importance, and
they are exciting the most intense interest in
the country. The officer by whom this report
is made has been appointed by authority of
law and designated for the express purpose of
arranging statistics and information for Con-
gress and for the country upon those vexed
questions which are exciting and attracting
the attention of every one in the entire coun-
try. And now it is proposed, after his work
has been discharged, that his report shall not
be printed and spread before the people.^ Why?
Because some members of this House disagree
with the conclusions of the report; not all the
members, not a majority of the House, I think,
but some members of the House disagree with
the conclusions of the report.
My friend from Syracuse [Mr. McCarthy]
objects to printing the report, I suppose because
he cannot agree with the conclusions of the Com-
missioner in relation to the salt interest. I infer
this from his locality, and not from anything he
has said or done here in relation to this interest.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cake] objects
to the printing of the report because he disa-
grees with the conclusions of the Commissioner
in relation to coal.
Mr. CAKE. I say here and now that I hope
the duty on anthracite coal will be repealed.
Will that satisfy the gentleman ?
Mr. COOK. That is entirely satisfactory.
But at any rate the proposition of the gentle-
man is that this report should not be printed
because members do not agree with the con-
clusions of the Commissioner, who was ap-
pointed by law to gather this information to be
spread before the country.
Now, I affirm that I have more calls for this
report than for any other document; it is ex-
citing more interest among the people I repre-
sent than any other document printed by order
of Congress. Now, we certainly agree with
some of the conclusions of the report, and for
that reason we should desire to have the argu-
ments to sustain those conclusions to go out
before the people. I agree with the conclu-
sion in that report in relation to lumber, upon
which a heavy tariff is laid, which inures only
to the benefit of those engaged in manufactur-
ing it. It does not protect any interest which
needs protection in this country ; on the con-
trary, under its influence our forests are dwin-
dling away and wo are compelled each year
to go miles further off to obtain the lumber
which our people living upon the prairies are
obliged to use. None of the reasons usually
urged in favor of protective duties to develop
and foster the manufacturing interests of the
country apply to this duty upon lumber. It is
not for the benefit of the country to encourage
the rapid consumption of our timber forests,
and the labor engaged in manufacturing lumber
does not compete with any foreign labor.
We certainly agree with some of the con-
clusions of this report, and for that reason I
say it should be printed. This opposition to
its being printed will lead ten men to read it
where but one man would have read it if no
opposition had been made to its printing.
It is said that upon the ground of economy
we should not print this report. But I do not
desire to forget the objection of my friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] who ob-
jected to printing this report because he does
not agree with some ideas of Mr. Wells, once
made public, about rifles and smooth-bore
guns, but which have nothing to do with this
report.
Mr. DICKEY. I take it that a man who
does not know the difference between a smooth-
bore gun and a rifle can hardly tell the differ-
ence between a protective tariff and a revenue
tariff.
Mr. COOK. That might be a very good rea-
son why he should not have been appointed, in
the first place, to gather these statistics, but
hardly a reason, after he has been appointed,
for preventing his statistics and conclusions
from being spread broadcast before the peo-
ple.
Another gentleman says that this report can
now be obtained for nothing; that it has
already been printed and circulated. Sir, I
am surprised that the gentleman did not object
to printing the President's message upon the
ground that it would otherwise be circulated
among the people.
Mr. DICKEY. I did object to printing the
President's message last year.
Mr. COOK. I refer to the gentleman's
colleague, [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Did we not refuse last
year to print the message of the President
because we did not choose to circulate the
doctrines therein contained?
Mr. COOK. I do not think so. We did
not object to the printing of the message as
a matter of economy, because it had already
been printed in the newspapers. The real
reason why gentlemen object to the printing
of the report is that the reasoning and con-
clusions of the report are not acceptable to
those who favor duties for protection merely
and not for revenue upon those articles which
form a portion of the cost of living of every
laboring man. This is one of the reasons why
I desire the report printed, for I believe it is
easier to suppress the facts and arguments con-
tained in this report, and prevent them from
being read and considered by the people, than
it is to contradict the facts stated or to answer
the reasoning of the report. For myself, I
believe that the present duties upon articles, of
necessity, such as salt, timber, coal, and pig-
iron, and like articles, should be greatly modi-
fied ; that capital has by reason of these duties
an unfair and unjust advantage over labor; and
I desire that the facts and conclusions of this
report, which I deem unanswerable, be spread
before the people. The gentlemen opposing
the printing of this report have every facility
for answering it if they canr and I for one do
not object to the printing of what they say in
reply ; but I think it will appear hereafter that
the most effective way of answering is not by
assailing the author of the report and accusing
him of being influenced by mercenary consid-
erations in making it.' Such attacks will have
little influence if his reasoning commends
itself to the judgment of the people, who are
vitally interested in the proper determination
of these grave questions and with whom the
final decision of them rests, and who will insist
upon having all the light upon the subject
attainable.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAPLIN. I now yield a half a minute
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Hat.]
Mr. HAY. I have been allowed a half a
minute. In that short period of time I propose
merely to say that I am heartily in favor of the
publication of this report as proposed by this
resolution. I sanction and indorse all that has
been said here to-day against the high protect-
ive tariff which is now oppressing the energies
of the American people and doing more to
impoverish this nation than anything else that
has ever taken the shape of legislation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAPLIN. I now yield three minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In the three
minutes granted to me I desire to say that I
represent as large an iron interest as any other
member of this House, with perhaps the excep-
tion of two or three, and I have always en-
deavored to defend that interest here. But if
I were the enemy of the manufacturing inter-
ests of my district and of this country 1 would
certainly vote against, printing this report of
the Special Commissioner of the Revenue. If
I desired to give the free-trade movement of
this country the greatest impulsion I could pos-
sibly give it by one vote I would vote against
printing this report, for I should thereby con-
fess that I was afraid of the truth contained in
that document. Whatever in it is true will pre-
vail; whatever in it is not true will fall. Those
who built shrines for the goddess Diana,when
they heard the preaching of the apostle, fear-
ing their craft was in danger, stopped their
ears and cast dust in the air, and for the space
of two hours cried, "Great is Diana of the
Ephesians ! " I fear they will have imitators
in us if we refuse to print this report. To print
this report is not to indorse its conclusions nor
to accept its facts.
It is but just to the furnace men of my dis-
trict that I should call attention to a letter I
have received from one of the leading, firms
there, and the statements of which are indorsed
by several others, giving in detail the cost of
producing pig-iron. That statement differs ma-
terially from the estimate made by the Special
Commissioner in his report. If their figures
are correct, then the Commissioner has made
a mistake in regard to the cost of producing
pig-iron in our portion of the country. It ema-
nates from men well known to me and who
