624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
command the confidence of all who know them.
This is the statement:
Cost of manufacture of one ton of pig-iron, excluding
interest on. capital employed.
Three and a quarter tons coal delivered at furnace,
including fuel for boilers, hot blast, drying furnace,
blowing in, screenings, <xc„ $3   §** to
One and a half ton Lake Superior ore dehv-
ered, $10 18 .  1  2i
One half ton lime-stone, $130  6j
labor.,  3 47
Repairs  *
Total cost at furnace   — 30 53
Weighing by railroad company, fifteen cents
per 2,100 pounds  }i
Freight to Pittsburg.   $2 00
Commission on sales, two and a half per
cent, on $36 24  91
Interest on $36 31 for four years at nine
cents, this being a four-years'price.... 109
  417
Total expense when sold $34 TO
Average Pittsburg price for three weeks past, as re-
ported in Pittsburg Commercial, actual sales, §36 M
Amount left to pay interest, risk, and contingen-
cies   $1 54
This result should be further diminished by deduct-
ing internal revenue tax on sales, $2 per $1,000, mak-
ing it several cents less.  T
A. B. CORNELL,
Treasurer Himrod Furnace Company,
Younastouon, Ohio,
I desire to say further that to read from
school-books fifteen years old paragraphs about
the bladders of fishes and the flying of birds to
prove that this House ought not to print the
report of an officer whose report has been
printed for the last three years, and who has been
recognized as an able and industrious officer,
or to attribute to him unworthy or corrupt
motives because his report does not agree with
our theories and opinions, is, in my judgment,
a lamentable exhibition of weakness on our
part. For myself I do not intend to cast any
vote while I am a member of this House for
which I do not see valid reasons. If Mr. Wells
or any other man can show me that any duty
on imported goods is so high as to work more
injury than benefit to the country I should be
unworthy this place were I not to follow my
convictions, Give us the facts. Here is the
forum where they should be scrutinized and
weighed.
I hope there will be less passion and more
prudence brought to the consideration of this
great subject than this day exhibits.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAPLIN. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] for five minutes.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, as has
been well remarked, this is not the proper oc-
casion to discuss at length the great tariff ques-
tion now pressing upon the attention of the
country, and if it were I could say but little
within the live minutes to which I am limited.
But, sir, the gentlemen who oppose the print-
ing of the document now under consideration
have taken the most extraordinary position
which I have ever witnessed since I have been
on the floor of this House. Here is the report
of a distinguished political economist—a gen-
tleman who, however we may dissent from
some of his conclusions, must be conceded to
be a man of ability. He is a public official of
this Government, a member of the dominant
party and employed by them ; but because he
has happened to depart from what were his
original convictions, because having investi-
gated the facts bearing on the subject he has
to some extent broken loose from the fetters
which the organized leeches of this country
who are sucking out the very life-blood of the
producing classes have attempted to throw
around him, because he is not willing to become
their tool and vindicate the policy of oppres-
sion and legalized plunder now eating out the
substance of the country, gentlemen in this
House seek to misrepresent his statements,
discredit his facts, and after heaping upon him
personally the foulest slanders attempt in this
manner, which I cannot regard as otherwise
than discreditable, to keep from the people a
very important, interesting, and able docu-
ment upon questions of the most vital import-
ance to the whole country.
I take upon myself so say that no document
which has ever been brought before this Con-
gress has been more eagerly sought after by
the masses of the country than the report of
the Special Commissioner of the Revenue now
under discussion before this House. But the
fiat has gone forth, it seems, on the part of the
monopolists that this document must not be
read, that these facts must not be investigated
by the people.
Why should not this document be read? Gen-
tlemen may not approve of all of Mr. Wells's
conclusions ; neither do I. A great many of
his statements of facts and a great many of his
deductions do not meet the approval of my
judgment. But I tell gentlemen that they fall
into a great mistake in giving way to a blind
rage to strike down investigation with reference
to the legislation which has prevailed in this
country for the last ten years. Under this
legislation the country has been going to ruin.
The farmers of tlie West are oppressed by
onerous taxation and are sinking rapidly into
poverty. Our shipbuilding interests have been
crushed. Our merchant marine hasbeen driven
from the ocean. Ruin and devastation are
threatening the people from every quarterOur
finances are in a most wretched condition.
This is the state of affairs brought about in a
great measure by the legislation of the last ten
years.
We have now presented to us the views of a
statistician and political economist of ability,
who has, under the orders of Congress itself,
given his whole time, energy, and talents for
years to investigating these questions; who has
attempted to solve the problem as to how the
prosperity of our country may be revived ; who
has endeavored to throw light upon the char-
acter and effects of our past legislation. The
masses of the people are rising up and demand-
ing relief from the evils under which they suffer;
yet in their blind rage those who are advocat-
ing the system of legalized robbery which has
been eating out the substance of the people
seek on this floor to keep light and facts away
from the eyes and ears of the people. I tell
gentlemen that they commit a grave mistake.
Let this subject be investigated. Let all the
facts go before the country.
It is folly to charge " bribery and corrup-
tion" npon this man because he does not advo-
cate the system which some gentlemen on this
floor favor. With as much propriety might I
charge "bribery and corruption" upon those
who advocate a system which I consider a sys-
tem of robbery and oppression. But I do not
believe anything of the kind. I would treat
any charge of that kind against the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley,] who has jnade this one against Mr.
Wells, with the same contempt. I regard his
charge against this Commissioner as being
neither worthy of the gentleman himself nor of
this House or the country. These facts will be
investigated, they must be investigated, and
when this question of tariff comes before this
House I want all the light possible so that we
may act intelligently and wisely upon all these
questions of finance and tariff which affect so
vitally the interests of the whole country.
These are questions upon which the people are
demanding action, and we cannot with impu-
nity shrink from the responsibility devolving
upon us.
Mr. LAFLIN. I now yield four minutes to
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I believe that
I represent a moderate tariff State. I believe
that the casting vote of a Democratic member
in the Senate saved the tariff of 1842. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania who is a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Kel-
ley,] who takes so much interest in this tariff
question, is a favorite on the stump in my State.
And, sir, with that belief about my constituents,
lam in favor of printing this report. The ques-
tion of a tariff is not only a question of princi-
ple, but in practice it is one of many questions,
a question-of detail and of many subdivisions.
My State may have interests perishing for the
want of this information, and we may be pay-
ing too much out of our pockets to those who
are reaping the benefits of protection in other
portions of the country. In matters to be set-
tled, taking in view all interests and all sections,
I say we ought to receive any evidence touching
the subject on the one side or the other. It',
therefore, the report of Mr. Wells has any
respectability, if it has any weight, if it has any
value on one side or the other of this question,
I and my constituents want to get it and con-
sider it, and to weigh it carefully.
But, Mr. Speaker, when I see gentlemen
rising here and attempting by the use of the
weapons of ridicule and with the passionate
show of temper to get rid of this peace of evi-
dence, I am brought to believe myself, and I
know my constituents will be brought to belie ve,
that there is something in it worthy of being
heard, worthy of being considered, and worthy
of having a bearing upon this complex ques-
tion of the tariff. I will vote for the resolution
to print because the report comes from an offi-
cer from whom under the law such a report
was expected. I shall vote for the printing
because we have this report before us and it has
been usual to order it to be printed. I will vote
for it, sir, because of the intrinsic value more
or less of its statistics, of the facts and inform-
ation which it contains. I will go for it and so
will my constituents because he has the ability,
whether on the right or wrong side, to discuss
questions of political economy, a question in
reference to which there are various opinions,
and which through him has attracted the atten-
tion of Congress, as well as other questions
which will come before us.
I go for the printing of the report further
because in my section of the country, and 1
judge the same is the ease in other sections,
thcro is a demand for it. There is a demand
to read the report because of this opposition
to its being printed. I have on my list, from
judges, merchants, and others, thirty-seven
requests to send them this document so that
they may peruse it at their leisure. I for one do
not wish to hide from my constituents any light,
nor do I wish to hide it from any other section
of the country; but I wish them to have all the
light which will enable them to investigate
properly this whole tariff question.
I have spoken hurriedly, expressing my views
as fast as possible, for the time allowed me was
short; and I will now leave off as I began by
sayingthat as a moderate tariff man, and believ-
ing that Maine will stand by the protection of
the greatinterests of Pennsylvania, I was com-
pletely surprised at the opposition which sprang
up here against the printing of this report.
Mr. LAFLIN. I will now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Bctler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I do not propose to discuss this re-
port as a tariff or as a free-trade man. I am
neither. I shall not vote for the printing of
the Commissioner's report this year, as I voted
for the printing of his report of last year,
because I do not think the report a fair one or
its statistics valuable. I am in favor of giving
light to the people, not darkness.
In the five minutes which are allowed me for
addressing the House I shall comment only on
one matter of statistics in the report as a speci-
men. The Commissioner starts off with the
proposition that all the wealth off this country
at the beginning of the war was in round num-
bers $14,000,000,000, concerning which he
says—I give his words :
." He would further remind those who may be in-
clined to regard this aggregate as an under estimate
that the national valuation of il4,183,215,618, as
