1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
deduced from the census returns of 18g0, represents
thesurplus of accumulation over expenditures which
had resulted up to that date from all the labor and
economy of all the people who have inhabited the
territory of the UnitedStates since its first disco very
and settlement by Europeans, plus whatever of cap-
ital has been sent out by other nations."
Therefore, up to I860, all our wealth, all our
earnings, had amounted to $14,000,000,000 of
money. The war. according to the report, cost
this country "in the destruction of wealth and
the diversion of its industries, $9,000,000,000.
That is to say, he wants the country to believe
that the war destroyed nine fourteenths of the
entire property of the United States. Now, I
do not want to send that statement to my con-
stituents, because there may be some person
possibly so far in the dark as to believe it.
But there is no child that does not know it is
not so.
Mr. Wells then goes on to say that while all
the industry of the country up to the com-
mencement of the war had only produced
$14,000,000,000 of wealth, and while during
the war $9,000,000,000 were destroyed, yet
from 1860 to 1870 there was nevertheless an
increase of $9,000,000,000. That is, with the
war on our hands we had increased our prop-
erty nine fourteenths of the whole amount of
the wealth we had accumulated during the
whole one hundred and sixty years of our
industry, whether colonial or national, pre-
vious to the war.
I cannot agree that this is correct statistical
information which I should indorse by sending
it to the country, although I have no tariff or
anti-tariff views depending upon it.
Again, let us see in what manner the Com-
missioner estimates the amount of destruction
of wealth by the war. He takes in the first
place the moneys in the Treasury when the war
commenced. To this he adds all the moneys
we have raised during the war, then all our debt,
and says that is the cost of the war minus
$100,000,000 a year expended on civil admin-
istration. That is to say, according to Mr.
Wells, every dollar we paid out in the prosecu-
tion of the war was destroyed. _ We raised a
million of men, and all that we paid for the food
consumed by our soldiers and for the clothes
they wore was so much lost to the country.
I take it, it cost no more_ to clothe the same
men during the same time in blue cloth as sol-
diers than it would have done to clothe them
in black cloth as civilians, but rather less; that
engaged in the ordinary industries they would
have been consuming the same amount of food
they did as soldiers, and surely the money
that their clothing and food represented, not
in excess of what it would have been in time
of peace, was not a destruction of so much.
Nor can it be said that all we paid for trans-
portation tfas lost. Yet the Commissioner so
counts it, and adds all the bounties and all the
State debts. To this he adds the pensions,
which we have paid and which we must pay,
as so much lost to the industry and wealth of
the country in consequence of the war. I ask
has the country lost that which is paid to and
is to be paid to its citizens, or, in other words,
simply goes from one pocket to the other?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It seems
to me these five minutes allowed are very
short.
Mr. LAFLIN. I now yield three minutes
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. Three minutes is as much as
I can'ask of the gentleman. It is too short a
time, however, to allow me to enter on any dis-
cussion of the merits or demerits of the ques-
tion. But I will say that I have been very much
surprised at the remarks of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] as well as those
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kel-
ley.] This assault upon this report, merely
because gentlemen think its calculations are
incorrect, in some particulars, is very strange
coming from these gentlemen, lhey have time
and again allowed to be printed in the Globe,
41st Coxa. 2d Sess.--No. 40.
at great expense, declarations, speeches, and
other things of which they would not admit
that a word was true.
But perhaps my friend from Pennsylvania
is actuated, not by improper motives, but by
just such motives as politicians always have.
And I will just state how the matter strikes
nay own mind. The report is a very strong
argument—there is no question of that—against
high tariffs, especially on iron, steel, &c. But
I remember very well—it is not so many
months ago—when about one hundred thou-
sand copies of speeches in favor of the tariff
were circulated all over the country by the
Congressional Executive Republican Com-
mittee.
Mr. DICKEY. Were they published by
authority of Congress?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not suppose that they
were. But I will say this, that "they were pub-
lished in part with the money that came out
of the gentleman's pocket as his contribution
to the committee for the purpose of publishing
them.
Mr. KELLEY. You did not pay one cent
for them.
Mr. LOGAN. I paid the same as any other
man in the House, and circulated under my
frank all over the country the speeches in which
you and others set forth your views on the
tariff.
Mr. KELLEY. The last fact stated by the
gentleman is not correct. No committee of
which I ever was a member or of which the
gentleman was a member printed a single
speech of mine, and the records of the com-
mittee will show it.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I am very much
astonished that the gentleman should get up
here and make such a statement.
Mr. KELLEY. So am I.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, if you will aliow me,
I have the floor now. I am astonished that
the gentleman should say a certain thing is
not correct. Why, it is as easy to say that as
to say anything else. I am not speaking with
reference to a committee of this House.
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; nor any other
committee.
Mr. LOGAN. I speak of the Republican
committee organized in this House for political
purposes.
Mr. KELLEY. So do I when I deny that
it ever printed one speech of mine relating to
the tariff. It did print the record of my trip
through the South.
Mr. LOGAN. I want no further contro-
versy with the gentleman. When a man will
make such a statement as that on this floor in
the face of the committee that knows better,
why I am not astonished at his opposing the |
printing of this report. I have nothing to say |
further to that gentleman. All I have got to I
say is this, if I am mistaken I am sorry for it. |
Mr. KELLEY. The records of the commit- i
tee will settle it. j
Mr. LOGAN. I am positive and so are you : j
and if after making an argument against print-
ing the report you cannot submit to a reply
upon this floor I have naught to say to you.
Now, why is it that gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania and Massachusetts do not want this
report printed? Not because of its untruth-
fulness, for we vote every day to print docu-
ments to which the same objection wouldapply.
It is not expected that every report made here
will be truthful in every particular.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAPLIN. I now yield three minutes
to rny colleague from the Oneida district, [Mr.
Bailey.]
Mr. BAILEY. I have nothing to say about
(he tariff, either for protection or against pro-
tection, and yet I hope the House will not
print these extra copies of this report. As has
been said by gentlemen who have preceded mo,
it has already been published through the news-
papers all over the land. I believe all the
i essential parts of it have been published and
spread before tens of thousands of people, be-
fore a much larger number of persons than
the number which we should print now would
furnish. Why, then, should we be asked to
print these extra copies ? What earthly good
shall we accomplish by it? The thing has been
published. It has been published through the
newspapers of the country and otherwise. What
will these twelve thousand copies amount to
except as a job in the printing office 1 How
far will that number go ? To how many per-
sons in his district can each member give a
copy ? Is this giving light to the community ?
Sir, I hope the House will stop this whole
business of the publication of documents; I
mean of extra numbers for distribution. I
do not speak of this particular case because I
am opposed to the report; I do not say I am ;
but 1 am utterly opposed to the further pub-
lication of these extra numbers of any paper
whatever, and here is an excellent opportu-
nity so stop it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAFLIN. I will yield next to the gen-
tleman from Cincinnati, [Mr. Stevenson.]
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 yield a moment to
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. PAINE. 1 merely desire to have read a
letter from a gentleman in Milwaukee upon this
question, that it may appear upon the record.
The Clerk read as follows :
Milwaukee, December 27,1869.
Dear Sir : The tariff question will soon be before
you, and 1 doubt not the report of Mr. Wells will
influence the action of many. In regard to the iron
Question he makes many misstatements. Allow me
to call your attention to one which nearly concerns
us. He says: "It is also to be noted that if the duty
on pig-iron were entirely removed the American pro-
ducer in the interior would still enjoy a protection
in the cost of transportation to the extent of at
least $1 50 per ton for every one hundred miles,
which circumstance renders the transport of a single
pound of foreign pig-iron to any considerable dis-
tance into the interior a matter of ordinary commer-
cial impossibility." If this is a fact, as we are at least
one thousand miles from the sea-board,we are enjoy-
ing protection in the one item of transportation of
fifteen dollars per ton, not only on pig but on rail-
road and all other kinds of iron. The fact, however,
is that thousands of tons of foreign pig-iron are yearly
brought to this market and to Chicago at $2 50 per ton,
gold, from Montreal. The ordinary price of freight
on railroad iron, via the Erie canal and steam around
the lakes, is only from five to six dollars per ton, cur-
rency, from New York to Milwaukee and Chicago.
A very largo amount of Scotch pig-iron is sold in St.
Louis. It is carried from New Orleans to St. Louis
for four dollars per ton. These figures show Mr.
Wells to bo not exactly correct in his statements.
You can rely on the figures I give you as being en-
tirely true. Thero are many other false statements,
which I doubt not you will discover, in his report.
I hope Congress will let his British employers pay
him after this year. His policy would ruin half the
iron manufacturers in the United States.
Yours, very respectfully,
JAMES J. HAGERMAN.
Hon. II. E. Paine, 'Washington.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am in favor of this
resolution, but not because I believe in the
truth of this report generally, not because I
concur in its recommendations, for I differ
materially from many of its recommendations.
For instance, whiH this Commissioner recom-
mends a heavy tariff on tea and coffee and
sugar, I am in favor of free tea, coffee, and
sugar. Let the necessaries of life come to the
people free.
Again, this Commissioner misrepresents my
State when he says that the real estate of Ohio
has increased in the last ten years only thirty-
five per cent. The truth is the value of real
estate in Ohio has doubled. He took his
figures from the State records at Columbus,
! where they have the old valuation made nearly
\ ten years ago.
1 I do not know how many errors there may
i be in this report, how many propositions in it
j I might differ from or agree with; but it is an
official report, made by an officer of the Gov-
ernment having full legal powers, and it is en-
titled to the respect of the people and to a
fair hearing. It is our duty to give it a iair
hearing before the people, and thepeoplehave
a right to it, not through the free trade league,
but through their Representatives here. t
I am in favor of this resolution, again, be-
