626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
cause I am in favor of fair play. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] is the
great leader of the high tariff section of the
Republican party, for the Republican party is
divided on this question. Now, while I do
not take sides with either camp, I hold that
there are as good men upon the one side as
upon the other.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAFLIN. I now yield three or four
minutes to the gentleman itrom Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stiles.]
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker, I have the
honor to represent upon this floor perhaps the
largest iron interest of any district in this
country. It is not my purpose now to discuss
the question of the tariff, but simply to give
my views in favor of printing this report.
Sir, as lias been stated here over and over
again, our constituents all over the country
demand the printing of this report and its cir-
culation among the people. 1 am in posses-
sion of a protest against the statistics of Special
Commissioner Welta; it is now in my desk,
and at the proper time it will perhaps be pre-
sented to the House. It is signed by some of
my immediate constituents. The iron men of
my district are almost entirely opposed to me
in politics; we have no affinity whatever upon
the great questions which now agitate the coun-
try. Notwithstanding that, I desire to have
them informed, to be informed myself, and to
have all the people informed, so far as 1 can do
so, upon the questions involved in this report.
There are some startling developments made
by the Special Commissioner in his report;
some that require explanation, perhaps some
that need contradiction. The question of a
tariff will probably engage the attention of this
Congress more than any other one subject. It
is a serious, grave question. To the State I
have the honor in part to represent it always
has been a vital question. And while I trust
no vote of mine shall ever be given in opposi-
tion to what I conceive to be for the best in-
terests of the whole country, yet I shall steadily
guard the interests of my own people and State.
And in this struggle for entire justice to all I
shall not forget the interests of labor—agricul-
ture and the great mineral resources of the
country. And in the protection needful for
the interests of the manufacturer I shall never
forget the laborer who contributes so largely
in creating wealthy corporations and indi-
viduals. It is not alone the wealthy that need
protection, but in the division of l'avor dealt
out by this great Government with a liberal
hand let rich and poor be remembered alike.
The information furnished in this official
report is full of information, full of statistics,
having the approval of one of the Departments.
Let it go to the country, and iet their judg-
ment be pronounced. Under Radical rule, the
dominant party here, official documents ofless
merit have been published for distribution by
thousands. This discussion, most bitter as it
has been among the friends of the Adminis-
tration, proves to my mind that the report
should go to the country, and for the adoption
of this resolution I shall vote.
I am for economy in all expenditures, and
for an early return to honesty iri the adminis-
tration of the Government; but I have no hope
except in a change of rulers, a change of Rep-
resentatives^ here. Mr. Speaker, the interest
manifested in this debate has greatly attracted
the attention of this House and will reach our
constituents, ail of whom are eager to catch
every word here uttered. In my judgment
more is expected, more is demanded of this
Congress than of any other body of legislators
which ever assembled in this Hall. Wise legis-
lation will restore confidence; blunders now
will bring ruin upon thousands who pray for
wisdom in these dangerous and perilous times.
[Here the hammer tell:]
Mr. LAFLIN. I now yield two minutes to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Moore.]
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I feel no disposi-
tion to enter upon a discussion of any of the
questions involved in this report. It will be
remembered by the House that very early in
the session a resolution was introduced to print
this report, that it might as speedily as possible
be circulated "throughout the whole country.
That resolution was referred to a committee
and has slumbered until called up to-day by
the Committee on Printing. In the mean time
from every section of the country the people
are writing to us demanding to see this report.
I am only surprised at the sensitiveness of gen-
tlemen here, at their earnest opposition to this
report going forth to the great masses of the
people of this country who desire to see it. I
can explain their opposition in no other light
than a desire to force upon the country a policy
with which our people at least have no dispo-
sition to sympathize. Whether they ever see
this report out in the western country or not,
they have no disposition to be dragged into a
support of this excessive high protective tariff.
Sir, I am ready upon any question that has
ever been discussed in this House, upon any
question ever considered by any department
of this Government, to go out to the people of
this country, who are capable of investigating
and understanding every question, as they
should have the privilege of doing.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAFLIN, I now yield a minute and a
half to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Twichell.]
Mr. TW1CHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise
merely to correct a statement of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] to whose
extraordinary speech the other day I listened
with great attention. He stated to this House
that in 1865 you could not purchase steel rails
short of $390 in currency per ton, delivered
upon the wharf in Boston, New York, Phila-
delphia, &e. Sir, I myself purchased in that
year steel rails for a fraction less than $105
in currency per ton. And I have been in-
formed that in the gentleman's own State the
Pennsylvania Central road purchased during
that year steel rails of the best quality, deliv-
ered upon the wharf in Philadelphia, at $162 60
in currency per ton.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAFLIN. I wish I bad it in my power
to give more time and greater breadth to this
discussion, for it certainly awakens emotions
of the greatest interest and of the most vital
importance to our country.
While listening t6 gentlemen who have
spoken upon this subject I have been aston-
ished to find how utterly they have misunder-
stood the nature of this report so far as the mere
recommendation of our committee is concerned.
Why, sir, thegentleman from the Lancaster dis-
trict of Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] appealed
to the spirit of economy in behalf of the sup-
pression of this report, He challenged us if
we would be true to our professions to make
a step forward right here and refuse to print
this report. As this devotion to economy
seemed to take hold of the gentleman's mind
it led him to take flights of imagination; and
before he had concluded his remarks he told
the House and the country that this report, so
utterly useless, would, if printed to the extent
whidi we propose, cost the Government of the
United States the magnificent sum of $10,000.
Now, sir, if this report is so important as
we claim, treating as it does subjects affecting
vitally the welfare of the country, then $10,000
uould not be a very extravagant sum to spend
upon its publication. But, sir, I will say to the
gentleman_that I would like to have him follow
the Committee on Printing in the very direc-
tion of economy which they have taken in rec-
ommending the printing of this report. I tell
him further that instead of printing twenty
thousand copies of this report—the number
printed last year, and the number which has
regularly been printed with but one excep-
tion—we recommend the printing of only
twelve thousand copies ; and instead of cost-
ing the Government the sum of §10,000, it will
cost by actual estimate $1,350.
Mr. DICKEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question?
Mr. LAFLIN. No, sir; my time will not
permit.
Mr. Speaker, if the statements which tin;
gentleman made with reference to the character
and ability of the Special Commissioner of the
Revenue and as to the value of this report are
of the same character as the statements which
he has made with reference to the cost of print-
ing this document, Heave the country to judge
whether the report should be printed or not.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nard] says that we propose to print an unusual
number of copies. I have already answered
that statement. When he stated that the House
had at one time refused to. print the report of
this officer I asked him to which report ho
referred, and he said, "The report of 1867."
I find, however, by looking over the report of
the Congressional Printer for the last two or
three years that of the report for 1867 twenty
thousand copies were printed.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I fell into a mistake
on that point it was owing to the fact that I
had attempted to get a copy of the report of that
year and was obliged to send to the Senate for
it. The gentleman is probably correct.
Mr. LAFLIN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] ordinarily correct in
h.is statements, tells us that three reports have
already been printed upon this subject, and
that members of the House, without the addi-
tion of these extra copies, will be well supplied
with this document. I want to say to the House
that under the order to print already made
members of theHouse get just one copy apiece.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to give in my adher-
ence to the very sensible and pertinent re-
marks which have been made touching the
printing of this report by my distinguished
friend from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] and the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.] I am
amazed to see men educated as I have been,
and believing as I believe in the necessity
of proper protection for American industry,
attempt upon the very threshold of the dis-
cussion of this question the suppression of a
document bearing so directly upon it. As the
gentleman from Maine has said, this is a
question of principle, and not only a question
of principle, but a question of detail.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Laflix] has ex-
pired. The first question is upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Aesell] providing for printing two thousand
copies for the use of the Senate, and five thou-
sand copies for the use of the House.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. STILES, the
House (at four o'clock and twenty minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
! petitions, etc.
j The following petitions, &c., were presented
I under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
I committees:
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of W. H.
Stornus, C. L. Corey, and 47 others, citizens
of York Center, Union county, Ohio, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. M. Darling, Ira W.
Drake, and many otheis, of Bokc's Creek,
Union countv, Ohio, asking for the same.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of J..
.Tabor and others, of Adrian, Michigan, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BECK : A petition of a number (>}
