THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
Major G eneral George S, Hartsuff and between
thirteen and fQurtaea hundred Army officers, m
which they set forth that the rate of pay of offi-
cers of thg Army w g fixed before the year 1860;
that sincie then the coat of living has largely
increased; that the salaries of the learned pro-
fessions have been largely increased as well
ag the profits of business; that the pay of per-
s© s-in the legislative departments of the Gov-
ernment has been increased from twenty to
sixty-six per cent.; the pay of tho judiciary
from fifteen to one hundred per cent.; the pay
of the Navy from twenty to thirty-three and a
third percent.; and the pay of the enlisted men
of theArmy has been increased from thirty-three
to forty-five per eeot. They ask that the pay
of Army oSjee.ts be increased. I move that this
petition be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs-
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of
Thomas Cunningham and others, of Massachu-
setts, remonstrating against the granting of the
petition of George fl. Corliss for the extension
of his letters-patent of March 10, 1849, for
improvements in the steam-engine; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Massachusetts, praying for au amendment to
the Constitution of the United States which
will secure to all' citizens the right of suffrage
without distinction of sex; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FENTON presented the memorial of
W. C. Barney, asking that he may be granted
certain privileges so as to enable himself and
associates to connect the United States and
the kingdom of Belgium by direct submarine
telegraphic cable; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented the petition of Nathaniel
Newbery and fifty-five others, citizens of Reids-
ville, New York, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of Hon. Hamil-
ton Harris and one hundred and sixty-five
others, citizens of Albany, New York, praying
an appropriation for the "erection of a building
in that city for the accommodation of the post
office, UnitedStates officials, andUnited States
courts; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Cedar county, Iowa, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. B. 1.
Brossman, requesting the refunding of certain
taxes paid to Captain P. J. P. Chilty, provost
marshal at Camp Stoneman in 1800 ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Elizabeth James, of Doniphan county, Kansas,
praying to be allowed a pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POMEROY. I am charged with and
have the honor to present several petitions,
very numerously signed, praying that there
may he a further amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States which shall secure
the right of suffrage to all citizens of the Uni-
ted States. These petitioners, both men and
women, set forth that as the Constitution and
the laws of the States now are there are in-
equalities among citizens in regard to exercis-
ing the elective franchise ; that some citizens
are allowed to exercise it and some are not.
They set forth reasons why these inequalities
should not exist, and pray that to that end
there may be an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States. I present these
petitions, proposing to refer them, as is usual, to
the Committee on the Judiciary, knowing that
the chairman of that committee always reads
them and is favorable to granting the prayer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petitions will
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DRAKE. I present the usual petition.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I beg leave to present a peti-
tion, not upon the prevalent follies which have
been referred to by the petitionspresented by
the honorable Senator from Kansas, [Mr.
Poueroy,] butin relation to a practical subject.
It is the petition of one hundred and ninety-
eight of the most respectable people of my
county, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege. I move its reference to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I present a petition of
citizens of Virginia City, Nevada, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege, and the
letter inclosing the petition to me states:
" Inclosed please find petition as per direction
of the Postmaster General." [Laughter.] I
move its reference to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. _ I present the
petition of a large number of citizens of Wind-
sor, Vermont, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; also, another petition from
citizens of Hartland, Windsor county, Ver-
mont, and another from citizens of Putney,
Vermont, praying for the abolition of the frank
ing privilege. T move the reference of these
petitions to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads. I desire to say that the Post-
master, I believe, in cach case, has sent me
these petitions. One of them informs me that
the petitioners would rather have the abuses
charged by the Postmaster General reformed
than to have the franking privilege abolished.
I think it is quite unhandsome, although from
the best of motives, no doubt, that the Post-
master General should seem to have circulated
the idea throughout the whole country that Sen-
ators and members of Congress are guilty of
gross frauds and abuses ofthe franking privilege.
That is the idea most prominently in the minds
of all these petitioners without any doubt.
So far as I am concerned I do not believe
that there is any considerable amount of fraud
practiced by Senators or Representatives in
relation to the franking privilege. I intend to
vote for its abolition, but not for any such rea-
sons as have been offered by the Postmaster
General. As to the statement that we shall
make the vast saving of five millions of money
by its abolition, I will say that I have no idea
that a single picayune will be saved to the
Government of the United States by it. All
that can be saved by any possibility will be in
tho reduction of contracts for carrying the
mail. The mails will have to be carried whether
the franking privilege is abolished or not. Sir,
what will it amount to if the franking privilege
is abolished and the Government pays for the
transportation of documents out of one pocket
and has ft credited to another'? There will not
be anything saved. If there shall be anything
saved it will be under the proposition of the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, to
reduce the number of documents printed. I
am heartily in favor of that, although I think
there is less abuse in relation to the printing
of documents now than in any former year.
I think it would be well if we could adopt the
French and English system of printing and
selling these documents at net cost. Take, for
instance, the document that is most demanded
through the whole country, the report of the
Department of Agriculture, and let the peo-
ple have it broadcast by paying twenty-five
cents, as I understand it could be printed for
about that sum, and there would be a larger
number circulated and the people would be
better satisfied. Senators cannot send one of
those documents, on an average, to each town
in their respective States; and, therefore,
when they send one to a post office, they make
twenty other citizens jealous and indignant
that they have not received them; but if we
place them all upon an equality and level, so
that they could have such documents as this
at the net cost, unquestionably they would be
demanded and paid for, and the Government
would be relieved of a vast responsibility.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator from
Vermont will allow me to say a word at this
point. I think he has unintentionally done the
Postmaster General injustice. I do not think
that the Postmaster General has in any way
insinuated that either the members of the Sen-
ate or of the House have been guilty of an abuse
of the franking privilege. There is an abuse
undoubtedly. There are twenty or thirty thou-
sand men other than ourselves who enjoy the
franking privilege, and it may be abused by
them ; but I do not think the Senator is justi-
fied in charging the Postmaster General with
the insinuation that the abuse growing out of
it is confined simply to members of Congress.
Mr. NYE. That is the impression in the
country.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Postmaster General
has not given rise to it; he has done nothing
to create it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. These peti-
tions are all circulated from the Post Office
Department, and the letters that come back
here are like this one : «
"The inclosed petition I send to you as instructed
by the Post Office Department."
That is all that is said. In the general dis-
cussion of this question the idea does prevail
everywhere that there is a gross abuse of the
franking privilege ; and who abuse it save those
who have a right to use it ? Of course I do not
mean to say that the Postmaster General, for
whom I have great respect, has intended to
charge fraud upon members of Congress.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to say a single
word in regard to this matter if there be no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
desires to speak on this question. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I think we
ought to be grateful to the Post Office Depart-
ment for its action, and I am. I think the
abolition of the franking privilege will save
a small sum to the Government but not
$5,000,000 nor $1,000,000. I do not think
the Department has carried or intended to carry
the impression into the country tha1, members
of Congress have done anything wrong about
this matter; but there is no mistaking one fact,
that our franks are abused all over the coun-
try ; that hundreds of thousands of documents
and letters are franked by forgery. I wish
simply to say that I think it is not worth while
to criticise the Post Office Department for try-
ing to correct an admitted evil.
There is another thing about it. I want to
get rid of it. Instead of its being a privilege
it is a burden. I has cost all of us five dollars
where we have been benefited one dollar.
About that there is no doubt. The amount
of labor and toil that it imposes upon us is
almost unendurable ; and especially was it so,
as you remember, sir, during the war. I know
members here that franked for some regiments
stationed in the Army at or near this place
thirty or forty thousand letters for a regiment,
imposing upon them great labor. It imposes
labor on us now, and therefore I want to be
rid of if.; and then I want another thing done.
I want the bill introduced by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Tucmbitll] relative to recom-
mendations to office passed ; and when both
these reforms are accomplished I think there
will be some probability that wo shall be in a
position to attend to our proper business here.
The truth about it is that these seats are very
much like the seats in a hotel occupied by the
waiters. When the bell rings they go. We
are called upon in the same manner to do
drudgery for the people of the country, and
then we are daily reproached about it. I want to
get rid of this kind of drudgery, that we may
