1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
attend to our proper business here for a few
months, at any rate, before we go out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These petitions
will be referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I present
a petition from several persons, and I will state
that they constitute the leading business men
of the city of Alton, in the State of Illinois,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege ; and in presenting it I desire simply to
say that I do not agree with the Senator from
Vermont that the franking privilege is not
abused. I think it has been grossly abused.
I have been informed that the act of last session
has corrected the abuses to some extent; but
still that the franking privilege is greatly abused
I have no doubt. Heretofore letters have come
from sections of the country where there was
no member of Congress, and had not been for
months, under his frank. I have been informed
of such cases. Of course the frank was a for-
gery, or else if it was given out in blank it was
improperly done.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
• Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire also to present
a memorial of the citizens of the Territory of
Utah, praying that so much of the Territory
of Utah as lies north of the forty-first parallel
of north latitude be attached to and made a
part of the Territory of Idaho. This petition
is signed by quite a number of gentlemen, some
of whom are known to me, and they set forth
that if this change can be made it will have a
tendency to correct some of the evils existing
in that Territory, and I commend it to the care-
ful consideration of the Committee on Territo-
ries, to which I move its reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I present the petition of a
very estimable lady, the widow of William P.
Kearney, late of the United States Army, pray-
ing, not for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege, but for compensation for property lost by
her husband during the recent rebellion. I
move that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims, and I commend it to the especial atten-
tion of the honorable chairman of that com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I present a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of California,
relating to lands withdrawn 'for railroad com-
panies, which I ask may be printed, andreferred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
It was so ordered.
Mr. COLE. I present also a petition, quite
numerously signed, the first one, I believe,
that has come from California, relating to the
franking privilege. I suppose it to be from
California, though there is no mark upon the
face of the petition to indicate that fact. I
infer, however, that the signatures are all gen-
uine, as it would be quite impossible for such
a diversity of chirographics to be forged. I
will say in presenting this petition that while I
believe the law relating to the franking privi-
lege should be modified in some essential par-
ticulars, I do not concur with the general sen-
timent in favor of an absolute repeal of it at
once. I do not regard its repeal as a matter
of economy, and that argument I believe has
been pretty well answered by the Senator from
Vermont. The economy would necessarily
come in the way of reducing the expenses of
carrying the mails. I do not suppose the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege would reduce the
price of mail contracts one cent, and therefore
the abolition of the privilege probably would
not result very much, if at all, in the way of
reducing the expenses of the Government. I
move that this petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I'present the memorial of
Francis T. Willis, of Richmond, Virginia, re-
monstrating against the revival of the grant of
lands for the construction of a railroad from
Selma to Gadsden, in Alabama, for the use of
the Selma, Rome, and Dalton railroad, without
a provision subjecting the lands to all valid
liens created by the Alabama and Tennessee
River railroad. I do not know exactly what
Congress may have to do with the matter ; but I
move that it be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
the Board of Trade of Toledo, Ohio, praying
that Toledo may be made a port of entry;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. MORTON presented seven petitions of
citizens of Indiana, praying the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which were referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SCHURZ presented a petition of citi-
zens of Missouri, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege ; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. THAYER presented two petitions of
citizens of Nebraska, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege ; which were referred
to the Committee op Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. VICKERS presented two petitions of
citizens of Maryland, praying the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which were referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. BAYARD. I present three petitions
from citizens of Delaware, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege, and I will state
that they are accompanied in one case by a
letter from the postmaster stating that he does
this under instruetions. I take it for granted
that the instructions are derived from his official
chief, and therefore they may be regarded in
this case as petitions prepared by order of the
Post Office Department in this city. I will
further say that I recognize among these peti-
tioners gentlemen of high respectability in my
own State, who have received under my frank
within the last two weeks postal matter in the
shape of public documents published and dis-
tributed under the laws of this country which
far exceed in bulk and cost of transportation
all that my other mail matter would amount
to probably during my teijm of service in the
Senate if it should last six years. I move the
reference of these petitions to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY presented a memorial of
members of the bar of Wytheville, Virginia,
remonstrating against the change of place of
holding the United States district court for the
western district of Virginia from Wytheville
to Christiansburg; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of members of
the bar of Tazewell, Virginia, remonstrating
against the change of the place of holding the
United States district court for the western
district of Virginia from Wytheville to Chris-
tiansburg ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petitions of William
Ambers and various others, of Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities ;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I have
the honor to present a petition of sundry cit-
izens of Vermont, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege. I will reserve the
speech that I expect to make on that subject
until the question is up. I move that this
petition be referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Mrs. Ann G. Barker, praying for arrears of
pension ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a petition of
citizens of Wisconsin, praying an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States which
shall secure to all citizens of the United States
the right of suffrage without distinction of sex;
which was referred to- the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented a
kill, and Susquehanna regions, praying that
inquiry be made into the cost of producing
pig-iron; which was referred to the Committee
oa Finance.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I present
a petition for the abolition of a practice known
to some people as a privilege of franking. It
is signed by many hundreds, indeed by some
thousands, of the citizens of Utic'a, ill the State
of New York. Although the heading of the
petition was sent no doubt from the Post Of-
fice Department, knowing these petitioners as
I do, I beg to assure the Senate that they finder-
stood what they were doing in signing this
paper, and that their signatures were procured
in no sense except that they were the voluntary
and considerate expression of their opinion.
I move that it be referred to the Committee" on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a similar peti-
tion, numerously signed by the citizens of the
county of Schoharie, in the State of New York;
a similar petition from a large number of citi-
zens in the county of Jefferson, in the State of
New York; a like petition from citizens of
Lewis county, in the State of New York, all
asking that au end be put to the same practice;
and I move that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING also presented petitions
of citizens of Deansville, New York; a petition
of citizens of West Lowville, New York, and a
petition of citizens of Salisbury, New York,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege :
which were referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. PERRY presented a petition of citizens
of Sandy Hook, Connecticut, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the memorial of
Joseph Curry, of West Virginia, representing
that he was disabled while employed as armorer
in the Government armory at Harper's Ferry,
and praying aid to relieve him from the em-
barrassing circumstances under which he labors
in his old age; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I have
one of those stereotyped petitions m relation
to the franking privilege to present to the Sen-
ate, and I beg leave to say a word or two about
it. The remarks made on the subject of these
petitions within the last few days seem to have
established these propositions: first, that these
petitions were prepared at the Post Office De-
partment ; second, that they were printed and
sent abroad at the public expense; third, that
they were sent to the subordinates of that De-
partment, the postmasters of the country, for
them to procure signatures and transmit them
to members of Congress.
Now, sir, wholly apart from any question as
to the expediency or propriety of abolishing
the franking privilege, I do say that, so far as
I know, in the whole history of this country
there never was anything so flagrantly wrong
as this conduct of the Post Office Department.
I will not say that it is a breach of the priv-
ileges of Congress, but I do say that for the
head of a Department to print at the public
expense and to send to his subordinates, most
of whom hold their offices at his mere will,
petitions of this character, with instructions to
procure signatures and to send them here to
influence the action of Congress upon a public
measure, is a thing that never before m the
