1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
anything to do with it; but still, under the
advice given by the Judge Advocate General,
the Paymaster General has directed the dis-
bursing officers of the Army not to retain the
five per cent, tax on Army salaries; while the
Comptroller of the Treasury, the proper officer
to pass upon this question, has directed that
the tax shall be retained. The result is, that
in the Army the five per cent, tax is not de-
ducted from the salaries of officers, while in
the civil service the five per cent, is now for
this current year deducted from the salaries of
civil officers. Upon a careful examination of
the lav/ the Committee on Finance of the Sen-
ate, as well as the House of Representatives,
seemed to be satisfied that the income tax was
intended to continue during the whole of the
present year, but that the provisions for col-
lecting the income tax of 1870 might expire on
the last of December of this year, and not con-
tinue during the next year. Under this con-
struction the result would be that officers
would pay the five per cent, tax, while there
would be no provision for collecting the gen-
eral income tax next year. It is merely to
avoid this ambiguity, this contrariety of con-
struction put upon the law by different dis-
bursing officers, that this declaratory resolution
is proposed. I can read the various docu-
ments which I have on the subject if my col-
league desires it; but that is the substance of
the resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. I suppose the whole of
this difficulty arises from the fact that the income
tax is limited to some time in this present year;
June, I believe.
Mr. SHERMAN. The last of December
of this year.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, whatever the time is.
Mr. SHERMAN. This does not extend the
time for levying the income tax. It only declares
that the tax shall be collected for this year,
and that that which is not paid at the end of
this year shall be collected under the provisions
of law next year; but it does not extend the
time.
I thought it referred to
Mr. POMEROY.
the fiscal year.
Mr. SHERMAN,
the calendar year.
Mr. THURMAN.
No, sir; not at all; it is
Mr. President, I never
have favored a legislative declaration as to the
intention of a law if that declaration was to
operate retrospectively. I never have believed
that any Legislature has power, by a declara-
tion as to the meaning of a law, to change
that law from what the judicial authority of
a State or the United States has declared to
be its true meaning. I have always believed,
as Chancellor Kent very properly stated it,
that a declaratory law can only properly have
effect after the declaration is made, and have
effect after the declaration is made because it
is then in its nature legislative, a provision for
the future. I have therefore very great doubts
whether we can by a legislative declaration of
the meaning of the law fix this matter. It
seems to me that is the proper subject for a
legislative act and not a declaratory act, it
any remedy is necessary at all. If in point
of fact this tax ought not to be under the pres-
ent laws collected, then plainly there should
be a new bill introduced for t,he_ purpose of
collecting such a tax if it be advisable to col-
lect it. If, on the other haud, the tax is col-
lectable under the existing laws, I do not
think that any declaration we can make will
add any strength to that lav/.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the unfinished business
pending at the adjournment last evening is now
regularly before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the vote will be
taken on this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there- be no
objection the regular order will be passed over
informally until some Senator shall call for it.
Mr. STEWART. If there is to be no further
debate on this question I shall not object to its
being continued.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
that the special order would be informally
passed over until some Senator shall call for
it, and the call of any Senator will bring up
the Virginia bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is it the decision of the
Chair that the joint resolution in regard to the
income tax is still before the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The decision of
the Chair is that the unfinished business of
yesterday is informally passed over until some
Senator shall demand the regular order, and
the joint resolution with regard to the income
tax is before the Senate until some Senator
calls for the regular order.
Mr. CASSERLY. So I understood. I do
not wish to take the course of demanding the
regular order, and I am reluctant to trouble
the Senate against the chairman of one of its
most important committees, but I feel that I
shall fall short of my duty to the people who
have sent me here if I do not briefly express
my views upon this joint resolution.
California regards herself with justice as
the most harshly and unequally taxed State
in this Union. Her share, per capita, of the
income tax is six, eight, or ten times more
than is paid by States whose representation
in this Congress is equal to hers, is double
hers, is treble hers. 1 cannot consent to let a
resolution go through, the effect of which in a
dozen lines is to take about twenty million dol-
lars more in taxes from the overburdened I
people of the United States, and from Califor-
nia among the rest, without a word of explana-
tion from the chairman of the committee which
has sent it here as to the condition of the law,
or as to whether the law is as he contends it to
be ; in short, without a single word to justify a
Senator in voting for it. 1 trust that Senator,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
will not press a resolution of this importance,
adding so much to the already excessive taxa-
tion of the country, without some explanation
of the circumstances which, in his opinion,
warrant it.
It seems to me now, if I may make the sug-
gestion, that it is much to be regretted, as the
resolution involves a purely legal question, that
it did not go to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, because, after all, the question is
whether under the law as it stands the income
tax is payable for the present year or.whether ;
it is not. That is a question of law, and more ;
than a question of finance, and I think the reso- \
lution sliould have gone to the Committee on
the J udieiary. j
Mr. WILLIAMS. I presume the Senator ;
from California is not willing to pay a tax of j
five per cent, upon his salary while all the j
military officers of the Government are dis-
charged from the payment of that tax. Now,
the Treasury Department has decided that this
tax is collectable under existing law without
any additional legislation, while the military
Department of the Government has decided that
it is not collectable ; so that part of the officers
of the Government are exempt from its pay-
ment. The object of this legislation is simply
to provide a uniform rule, so that all the offi-
cers of the Government shall be treated in the
same way, and it simply provides for the ma-
chinery of collecting that tax, and nothing
more. No man who reads the law can doubt
that it does provide for an income tax for_tho
year 1870, butby some oversight the provisions
of the law for collecting the tax in. 1871 are
omitted, and this is simply to provide for the
assessment and collection of the tax for 1870
in 1871.
Now, I wish without consuming time to say
a single word as to the question before the
Senate. I must confess that 1 am quite sur-
prised that the J udge Advocate General should
have made such a decision as he did make, for
he decides that military officers are not bound
to pay the tax upon their salaries, because tlj,ere
is no provision for the collection of the income
tax for 1870, when the tax upon salaries is no
part of the income tax and is distinctively a
tax upon salaries, and is a perpetual tax, and
is not assessed on the 1st of March, and col-
lected on the 1st of June, like other income
tax ; but is collected as the salaries are paid,
disbursing officers being required to retain five
percent, of the salary whenever it is paid. So
that the decision is wholly inapplicable to the
point upon which it is made, and I think it is
desirable that some legislation should be had
upon this subject. Congress should either
declare that this tax is not collectable, so as to
relieve Senators and Representatives and civil
officers of the Government as well as military
men, or it should declare that all officers of the
Government are upon the same footing and all
subject to this tax.
Now I hope the Senator from California will
not interpose this objection. I do not think
that it is an unusual thing where different
Departments of the Government disagree as to
the interpretation of a law for Congress to inter-
pose and declare what the meaning of that law
is. I regard that as not an unusual practice.
It is not the desire of the Committee on Fi-
nance to express now any opinion upon the
income tax or to indicate that it favors the
continuance of the income tax, but it simply
desires to settle this controverted question and
have some uniform rule of action for the dif-
ferent Departments of the Government.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
from Oregon inform me by what authority the
Judge Advocate General decides this question?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I expressed my surprise
that the Judge Advocate General of the Army
should undertake to decide a revenue question
without any reference to the Treasury Depart-
ment. I understand it to be the business of
the Treasury Department to collect the rev-
enue of the Government and to determine the
meaning and effect of the revenue laws; but
it seems that the Paymaster General referred
this question, no doubt with good intentions,
to the Judge Advocate General of the Army,
and he undertakes to decide as to whether or
not the Government can collcet certain rev-
enue. I do not know upon what authority the
decision is made. So far as I know it is not a
decision that is in accordance with the practice
of the Government.
Mr. BAYARD. I might in reply to my
honorable friend from Kentucky as v/ell state
to the Senate that I think this country at this
time is a great deal too much governed by what
I may term Department-made law. I think it
is one of the evils of our present system of tax-
ing especially that so much is left, not to what
I may term a judicial construction of the lan-
guage advisedly and properly used by the law-
making power, but they have in fact and sub-
stance created a third House of Congress by
depositing in departmental officers discretion
as to whether or no laws shall actually have
vital operation or not; and therefore it is that
the Senator from Kentucky should not be sur-
prised when he finds an act of Congress con-
strued in one way by a Judge Advocate General
of the War Department without any regard to
the authoritative exposition of that law either
by the judical tribunals or by the Department
j of the Treasury itself.
|| I was opposed in committee to the passage
S| of this resolution for the plain reason that it
|i was but another illustration of the invasion of
the jurisdiction of a coordinate _ department
!, of the Government.
. Under our system, of laws and legislation
■ what have we to do with the construction of
1 language which we ourselves have deliberated
ii upon and made the law of the land? It is tor
!| Congress to use what language it pleases in
i! framing laws, provided it is subordinate to the
'l provisions of the Federal Constitution; but
li after it has chosen their own language, after it
