634
The congressional globe.
January 21,
State shall determine by law the age of the citizen
and the time of residence required for the exercise
°f.the right of suffrage, which shall apply equally to
all citizens: and also shall make all laws concerning
the time, place, and manner of holding elections for
all State and municipal officers,
Mr. POMEROY. I move its reference to
tho Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
IIOUSK BILL REFERRED.
The !>ill (H. R. No. 782) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSK.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherso.v, its Clerk, ail
nounced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 88C) for the relief of Law-
rence L. Merry, collector of internal revenue
for the twentieth district of New York ;
A bill (H. R. No. 887) for the relief of Har-
riet R. Clinton;
A bill (H. R. No. 888) for the relief of
J oseph Harmon;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 124) for the
relief of John M. Broome and others, the
band of twelfth Kentucky infantry; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 125) for the
relief of James L. Iliagely, collector of inter-
nal revenue for the second district of Mary-
land.
STATE OF VIRGINIA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 783) to admit tho State of Vir-
ginia to representation in the Congress of the
United States, the pending question being on
the amendment of Mr. Drake, to insert as an
additional proviso the following :
And provided further. That the State of Virginia
is admitted to representation in Congress as one of
the States of the Union upon the following funda-
mental condition: that the constitution of Virginia
.diall never bo so amended or changed as to deprive
any citizen or class of citizens of the United States
of tlio right to vote who arc entitled to vote by tho
constitution herein recognizcd, except as a punish-
ment ftjr such crimes as are now felonies at oommon
law, whereof they shall have been duly convicted
under laws equally applicable to all the inhabitants
ol'said State: Provided, That any alteration of said
constitution prospective in its effects may bo made in
i cgard to tlie time and placo of residence of votors.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, I do not
rise for the purpose of reopening or continuing
the discussion of this Virginia bill, although I
must bo permitted to say that in my judgment,
after the discussion we listened to yesterday
afternoon by the Senators from New York and
Wisconsin and Iowa and Ohio and California,
anxious as I have been from the commence-
ment for a vote on the bill, the Senate, or if
not the Senate the country, has been fully com-
pensated for the prolongation of the discussion.
'L'lic nine days that have been spent on this
bill, the time during which the Senate has been
occupied in the discussion of this question, I
think found its full compensation in the dis-
cussion which was had yesterday afternoon.
But, Mr. President, I rose particularly to
call the attention of the Senate to a statement
of fact that I made the other day, that there
was sitting in tlie State of Georgia a military
commission, organized by the military com-
mander, to pass upon the question of tho eligi-
bility of members elected to the Legislature.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] made
an explanation of that matter as he understood
the facts to be, and doubtless, of course, as he
believed them to be, and that was that the mil-
itary commanuer, having general supervision
of the election of officers under the reconstruc-
tion laws, instead of giving his personal atten-
tion to this subject had detailed officers to
inquire into and report upon certain facts.
Such is not my understanding. I have here a
statement in a paper printed in Georgia of the
proceedings of this commission. It states that
it was organized under the order of the military
commander for the purpose of investigating and
passing upon the eligibility of members elected
to the senate and house of representatives; that
there were certain specific charges made again st
nine members of the senate, which were with-
drawn as to one, however, and the commission
was then passing upon the eligibility of eight
members elected to the senate who had received
their certificates ofelectionfromthecommander
of the district and had been in the senate under
that certificate, and now, upon the reassembling
of the Legislature, this commission was called
to pass upon their eligibility. Having certifi-
cates of election, which entitled them to go to
their seats and take the oath of office if the
senate sawfit to allow them to do so, they were
charged with ineligibility to their seats, for
which they held the certificate of the military
commander.
I shall not read the specifications, but I will
refer to ono particularly. The specification in
regard to Seuator Wel'born was that "he had
held the office of State librarian, and that during
the war he had given aid and assistance to the
rebellion," and consequently that he was inel-
igible to his seat in the senate of the State of
Georgia. The proceedings are stated in this
paper in detail. When the question arose as
to whether the positiou of State librarian was
an office within the meaning of the constitution
of the State of Georgia, and Chief Justice
J oseph B. Brown was interrogated as to whether
that position was an office, the commission
determined that they would decide what an
office was within the meaning of the constitu-
tion of the State of Georgia; and the conclu-
sion of course necessarily follows that if in
their judgment they should determine that the
position of State librarian was an office within
the meaning of the constitution of Georgia
before the rebellion, then ho was ineligible to
the office to which ha had been elected. So
that I was correct the other day, and am now,
in saying that there is this military commission
sitting iliere in tiie State of Georgia passing
upon the eligibility of members elected to the
Legislature of that State, not, as tho Senator
from Indiana says, a commission inquiring as
to certain facts.so that they can inform the
commander of the department, because the
commander had already given these parties
certificates of election, and when they now co me
to take tho seats which those certificates enti-
tled them to the military commission takes
away the jurisdiction of the house to determ-
ine for themselves the eligibility of the appli-
cants for seats.
Tlie paper read at the request of the Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] yesterday
verifies the statement that I made the other
day and that I make now: that this military
commission is silting there for the purpose of
passing upon tho eligibility of these persons,
it is true that in the paper which was read
at the request of the Senator from Michigan it
is stated that there was a conspiracy among
these persons by the commission of perjury
to defeat reconstruction, or defeat the organ-
ization of the Legislature' under the last act
for the reconstruction of Georgia. But, sir, if
those men committed perjury they should be
tried for perjury; and the question of their
eligibility to their seats could m no manner be
affected by the fact that in taking the oath of
office they have committed perjury. The Sen-
ate could have expelled them. They could
have been indicted for perjury. They could,
perhaps, under your reconstruction laws have
been tried by military commission for the com-
mission of perjury; but they are not now being
tried for perjury; they are being tried and are
to be excluded l'rom their seats because, in
the judgment of this commission, they might
if they took the oath commit perjury. So
much for that.
J made another statement in reference to the
notice that had been taken by the General Gov-
ernment of this state of affairs in Georgia. I
may say that perhaps I have done the Admin-
istration, the Commander-in-Chief, theGeneral
of the Army, perhaps Congress, the entire Gov-
ernment, injustice in saying that they-took no
notice of it; for I find that there was read in
one of the houses of the Legislature of Geor-
gia a dispatch from the distinguished Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] informing them
that'1 the tnembersof the Legislature alone had
power to organize, and that nothing would be
recognized unless it were done honestly and
fairly." That, perhaps, is sufficient notice for
the Government of this country to take of such
a state of affairs in the State of Georgia. Per-
haps I did the Government injustice. That is
all I desire to say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have
been anxious, as the Senate knows, for many
days to come to a decision upon the question
of the right of the State of Virginia to repre-
sentation in Congress. I have abstained on
many occasions, when I have been strongly
tempted, from replying to what I regarded as
unsound arguments and false assumptions that
have been made during this discussion. But,
sir, I cannot sit still without reply to somethings
which have been said. My duty to the State I
represent, to the views I entertain, and to my-
self requires that I should make some reply to
assertions and assumptions which have been
repeated on this floor time and again after they
have been corrected and refuted.
For some reason unknown to me occasion
has been sought to assail my position and my
motives, and lastevening, just previous to the
adjournment, in some remarks which occurred
between the Seuator from Vermont [Mr. Ed-
munds] and myself as to what had been the
understanding in the Senate on a previous
occasion in regard to coming to a vote, without
any allusion on my part to the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Summer,] he thought
proper to indulge in this most extraordinary
language. That I may make no mistake in the
language I shall read it as reported by the
official reporter:
"Mr. Sumner. Mr. President, I am astonished at
what the Senator from Ulinoissays. I have sat many
years in this Chambor and I never heard any such
assumption as he makes to-night. The two bills were
cssentiallydifferent." * * * * "Imean
to use parliamentary language. I will not transcend
that; but I go as far as I can to express the absurditv
of snob a pretension."
After some other conversation between the
Senator from Vermont and myself, and with-
out any allusion whatever to the Senator from
Massachusetts on my part, and after I had
called t.he_ attention of the Senate to the fact
that the_ bill which was pending in the Senate
at the time the understanding was arrived at
read in these words: "That the State of Vir-
ginia is entitled to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States," and that the bill
which was brought over from the House read
in these words: "That the said State of Vir-
ginia is entitled to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States," the two bills being
identical in terms, word for word, with the
exception of the word " said ;" and after hav-
ing shown that the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont was immediately offered to the
House bill the moment it was taken up, the
Senator from Massachusetts returns again to
the assault in this language. Referring to
myself he says:
_ Is ho candid? The two propositions were essen-
tially distinct." * * > * " Sir, is the
benator candid to insist that these two bills are
alike? They are as different as two bills can bo."
The two bills read word for word, except
that one says "the said State of Virginia"
and the other "the State of Virginia," each
saying in so many words that the State of Vir-
ginia is entitled to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States; and yet the Sen-
ator asserts that they are as unlike as two bills
can be. He says further:
" It never entered my head that any one could be
so preposterous as to imagine or to take it into a
moment's consideration that any agreement was
