1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
applicable to the House bill. The Senator from Illi-
nois, I think, was alone in that; he had the monopoly
of it; he kept it all to himseil, and now he seeks to
impose it upontheSenate.'"
Imputing to me a design to practice an impo-
sition on the Senate ; and when Senator after
Senator rose and corroborated my under-
standing of the agreement, did the Senator
from Massachusetts make any correction ? Not
at all.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He said I had a monop-
oly of it, and kept it to myself; I was alone
in the understanding. And when other Sen-
ators stated here that they understood it as I
did, "of course" he made no correction. Let
him stand by his assertion if he prefers to
do so.
Mr. SUMNER. May I correct the Senator?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator may hold
his peace until I shall have exposed his assump-
tions. Sir, although last evening, when the
Senate wasin a hurry to adjourn, there was no
time to notice such remarks, wholly uncalled
for from the Senator, I do not propose that
they shall go unanswered. I stated last even-
ing what my understanding was. Others
understood the agreement as I did; but there
was a misunderstanding; the Senator from
Vermont understood it differently, and the
agreement was not enforced. But because 1
understood it differently my motives are im-
pugned, and I am charged with an attempt to
practice an imposition on the Senate. I shall
take but little time to show what that under-
standing was.
The two bills, as I have already stated, the
one that was under consideration in the Senate
and the one that came to us from the House
so far as they related to the recognition of
Virginia as a State in the Union entitled to
representation, were alike. What was the
object of coming to this understanding that
we should take a vote at a certain time? It
was supposed that when that period arrived,
the Senate would have had sufficient time to
discuss and understand the subject. Did it
afford us any less time to understand it because
we took up the House bill, by the passage of
which, if the Senate should concur with the
House, the bill would at once become a law,
than it would to have discussed the Senate
bill? The bills were the same ; the subject to
be discussed was identical; and who was de-
ceived by taking up the House bill in the place
of the Senate bill? No one that I am aware of,
though there were Senators who understood
that the agreement was not to be enforced after
the Senate thought proper to take up the
House bill; and understanding that that was
the view of some members of the Senate, I
did not attempt on that occasion to force my
particular views upon the Senate. So much
for that.
Now, sir, I pass from the assumption made
by the Senator from Massachusetts on that sub-
ject to another class of assumptions which he
has repeated here day after day, and repeated
after he has been corrected time and again.
On the 13th day of January the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] in the course of
some remarks which he was making to the
Senate said:
"I was not present in eommittee when this subject
was considered, but I have been told by respectable
gentlemen from Virginia, whose honor, I thuiiv, is
as high as that of any member who hears me froin
what I have seen andknow and have heard of them,
that they appealed to the eommittee In vain to be
hoard and to show what they desired to show upon
the subject. .
"Mr. Thurman. Appealed to the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the Senate? '
" Mr. Edmunds. Yes, sir. i
"Mr. Thcrhan. I should like to see the man who ]
would stand up and say ho over did any such thin?. !
"Mr. Edmunds. I can produco him.
"Mr. Trumbull. That bringsup astatement that [
I am very much astonished to hear. No gentleman j
applied to the Committee on the Judiciary, so far as :
J. am informed, and certainly not to me, to lay any j
facts before it, j
"Mr. Carpenter. If the Senator will allow me, |
I desire to bear the sanjo testimony so far as 1 am !
concerned. I never heard of such an offer until I
heard of it yesterday in this debate.
| ' Mr. Stewart. I never heard of it."
^ After some further remarks, the Senator from
Vermont, in continuation, went on to say :
"A gentleman, whose name I will furnish to my
friend from Illinois privately, and whose name I
think iie wiU respect whefi he knows who he is and
what he is, stated, to me this morning—and it was not
the gentleman who sat by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts and no person who has been in this Chamber
to my knowledge—that ho and one or two others,
representing what they considered to be the loyal
element of Virginia, and desiring to lay before the
committeo not arguments butfaotstouchingall these
questions,went to the door of the committee-room on
the morning of its session when it had this subject
up and appealed to the messenger to be permitted
to go in and be heard, and that the messenger went
m and eameoutwith the statement to them that they
could not be heard. That is the evidence."
Now, Mr. President, I undertake to say that
no such thing ever occurred. No messenger
came into the committee-room with any such
statement, and it will be apparent by a refer-
ence to a paper which was presented in the
Senate by the Senator front Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumxer,] and which I have before
me 
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will remem-
ber that I did furnish him the name.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont did furnish me the name ; but ho did not
authorize me to use it, and I will not use it;
but it is a name—I think I may be permitted
to say that by the permission of my friend from
Vermont—which is attached to the memorial
which has been presented here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
my friend from Illinois stating the name. I
am sure the gentleman would not object to it.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Mr. Wardwell. Hisname
is on this paper. Now, by reading this paper
it will be seen that the Senator from Vermont
misunderstood Mr. Wardwell, or else Mr.
Wardwell has made two statements. In this
paper he says:
" The loyal people of Virginia have had no hear-
ing before the Judiciary Committee of the Senate,
or no notice or information, direct or indirect, that
the committee intended to consider the question of
our admission until after tho same had been acted
on and a bill reported to the Senate for the immedi-
ate and unconditional admission of the State."
He says in this paper that he had no knowl-
edge that the Senate committee were consid-
ering the subject until after the bill had been
reported to the Senate, and yet he told the
Senator from Vermont that he—
" Went to tho door of the coraruUtec-roora on the
morning of its session when it had the subject up,
and appealed to the messenger to be permitted to go
in, and be hoard" 
In the memorial he says he had no knowl-
edge that the committee were considering it
uutil affer it was reported to the Senate. With
the testimony of every member of the com-
mittee, I believe, who was present—I think the
Senator from New York also corroborated the
statement that he had no knowledge of any
such application 
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. With the testimony of
all the members of the committee who had
knowledge of the facts, the Senator from Ver-
mont not being present that morning, that no
such thing occurred, with the contradiction of
the man himself—and I may say that the mes-
senger tells me no sucli man ever spoke to
him—nobody ever came to him asking to go
before the committee in reference to Virginia
matters—with these positive statements from
those who must know all about it, what does
the Senator from Massachusetts do? On the
day after this occurred, and after he had pre-
sented this memorial, in which these very men
said that they knew nothing of the committee
considering the subject until it had been re-
ported, he has the assurance to rise in this
body and to say, interrupting the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Schurz,] who was then upon
the floor:
"Mr. Silmxek. Will friend allow me to remind
him that the Senate has refused to hear evidence on
the subject? Loyal people have come up here and
knocked at the door of the Judiciary Committee and
J found it locked."
i What did he mean by that? He did not
1 mean that they went there when nobody was
in the committee-room. That was not the idea
the Senator from Massachusetts intended, to
convey to the Senate and the country; but he
intended to convey the idea that the Judiciary
Committee of this body had refused to hear
evidence, and he had the assurance to rise in
this body and make that statement after the
members of the Judiciary Committee had stated
that no such thing had ever occurred. They
who could not but know what the facts were
are contradicted by him who could have no
knowledge of them except by hearsay.
Sir, it did not stop there. This occurred on
the 14th of January, and what says the Sen-
ator on the 19th of January, following this up.
On the 19th of January the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts again, -withall these facts before him,
has the assurance to rise in this body and say ••
" Did I not hear—perhaps from the Senator from
Illinois, certainly from some member of the Judi-
ciary Committee—that Unionists, loyal people from
Virginia, knocked at the door of the Judiciary Com-
mittee in order to entreat a hearing on this question,
to set forth the actual condition of things in Virginia.
and they found it was locked; and not only that, but
the bill already reported?
" Mr. Trumbull. For myself I stated distinctly
that no such application had been made to my knowl-
edge, and I understood that all the other members
of the committeo corroborated my statement."
Does he take it back then? No, sir.
"Mr. Sumnek. Still it has been stated on this floor
that loyalists went to the d«or of the Judiciary Com-
mittee and asked a hearing; they knocked and found
it closed, and the bill was afterward reported. There
is a fact.
"Mr. Carpenter. What is the fact?
" Mr. Sumner. What Senators bavo stated on the
floor, that the door of the Judiciary Committee was
locked when loyalists applied for a hearing. If it
was not so, let the Senator correct me.
"Mr. Carpenter. The whole Judiciary Commit-
tee has corrected the Senator several times."
He had been corrected four days before by
five members of the Judiciary Committee;
had been corrected by myself witbin two min-
utes.
Did the Senator [Mr. Sumnek] correct his
statement? Not at all; but leaves it to stand
after this, and to this day has not corrected it.
Mr. President, could impudence go further ?
This is the kind of argument with which we
are met on a great public measure for the
recognition of a State as entitled to represent-
ation in the Federal Union.
„ Sir, I am not done with the Senator from
Massachusetts. I shall refute his imputations
and strip from him the infallibility and supe-
riority which he assumes in this body. What
else do we find in regard to these assumptions
on the part of the Senator from Massachusetts ?
On the 17th of January—and the Senate will
excuse me for referring to dates and bringing
papers here, because I wish to be accurate in
quoting the language that there may be no
misunderstandings—a charge was made against
Governor Walker, and this was the accusation,
read from what purported to be a speech of
his:
"Then my conviction is that the balance of tho
constitution, bad as it is, ought to bo adopted.''
This was read by the Senator from Vermont;
" ' This for several reasons. It is more important
than ever under the circumstances upon us that you
should control the State government. If the con-
stitution expurgated shall be adopted, and you have
elected your State ticket and your Legislature, you
may proceed at once to propose such amendments to
the constitution as will clear it of all its dangerous
characteristics. Tho county organization never need
be enforced. If I am elected with a Legislature not
Radical it never will be put in operation.'
"Mr. Sumner. Who says that? ... „
"Mr. Edmunds. The Governor of Virginia, Mr.
Walker, says that.
" Mr. Sumner. Traitor!''
This occurred, Mr. President, on the 17th
day of January, and it is reported in the Globe
of the 18th; and the next day the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] corrected this state-
ment.
