1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
stitution was ratified in the State of Vir-
ginia.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Bichmoxd, Virginia,
December 10, 1869.
My Dear Sir : I had hoped thero would bo at the
opening of Congress no division of sentiment in
Washington on the subjectof theimmediate restora-
tion of Virginia, and am surprised at what occurred
before the Reconstruction Committee on yesterday.
We have arrived, it seems to me, at a stage in the
work of reconstruction when it is utterly idle to
attempt the correction of any evil which may exist
here by a longer denial of Federal representation to
the State. ]no_ Conservative or Democrat will be
made a Republican; no bitterness will be assuaged,
no ostracism be abated, nor anyspirit of amnesty be
encouraged, or oblivion for the past be secured by
either an exclusion of the State or individuals from
any of the rights which belong to the most favored
of States or citizens. Whether such desirable results
were ever likely to be secured by test-oaths and dis-
franchisements or not, it is certain they can have no
such operation from this time forward.
If we are ever to secure prosperity in our material
interests, harmony in our social relations, or justice
and equality in political rights and privileges, it must
be done by such a universal aet of notable amnesty
as deprives every man of the last vestige of excuse
for inflicting injustice upon others in retaliation for
wrongs or political disabilities suffered by himself.
One may doubt the issue, or even believe that such a
measure of liberality will fail of any happy results;
still it is tho only refuge now left, aSid wise men ought
not to hesitate about making the trial. Itshould be
done, too, in no ungracious spirit, but fully, freely,
and with the broadest generosity. It is idle to find
fault with or cavil at the means or way by which wo
have been brought to this condition. It is entirely
immaterial how the Republican party was defeated,
nor shall we be likely to contemplate its overthrow
more graciously by longer indulging in animosity,
bitterness, or recrimination.
I sincerely hope that Virginia may be restored
before the week ends without a single dissenting
vote ; that before the Christmas holidays, by ono
single act ofamnesty, the disabilities of every citizen
of this Commonwealth may be removed. The policy
of sclccting hero and thorc individuals for relief
not because of their superior claims, but rather on
account of the friends they have " at court" or tho
diligence with which they move their suit is plainly
unwise and manifestly unjust; it tends largely to
aggravate the irritation already existing. The two
hundred men whoso disabilities are in this way re-
moved are not thereby rendered any more the friends
ofthe Government than they wore before, while all
the other unrelieved find in this last act of unjust
congressional discrimination a new cause of moro
substantial complaint, dislike, and bitterness.
It is useless longer to rely upon half measures.
Sever tho knot by one blow, Untie all hands by ono
word. If this policy does not succeed, then no other
can afford any reasonable hope of a better result. I
hopo that you will do all in your power to secure the
success and early adoption of this policy.
I remain, my dear sir, yours, truly,
II. H. WELLS.
Colonel R. W.Hughes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, such tes-
timony as this ought to go for something in
this body and before the country. When the
candidate of the defeated party comes forward
with such a letter and implores Congress, as
the best thing to be done, to admit Virginia at
once to representation, I think that should
have some weight here. The name of H. H.
Wells is known to everybody.
But, sir, what is in this constitution of Vir-
ginia? I desire to call the attention of the"
Senate for a moment to the constitution itself.
The Senator from Massachusetts took a great
deal of pains to show that the provision of the
constitution of which Governor Walker was
speaking was the one in relation to schools,
and if that was struck out the school system
of Virginia was to be stricken down. Now,
sir, this is a misunderstanding of tho constitu-
tion. The language which the Senatoafrom
Vermont read, and which the Senator from
Massachusetts has read twice since, after it has
been repudiated by the man said to have uttered
it, speaks of the county organizations of Vir-
ginia. It was that organization which was
obnoxious to the people of Virginia, not par-
ticularly the school system. The county organ-
ization has some provisions in it with regard
to schools, but not the main provisions of the
constitution on that subject. The objection-
able clauses in the county organization articles
were these;
"Each county of the State shall bo divided into so
many compactly located townships as may bo deemed
necessary, not lews than threo: Provided, That after
three have been formed no additional township shall
be made containing less than thirty square miles.
Each township shall be known as the township of
 , in the county of  , and may sue and be
sued by such title. In each township there shall be
elected annually one supervisor, one township olerk,
one assessor, one collector, one commissioner of
roads, one overseer of the poor, one justice of the
peace, who shall hold his office three years; one con-
stable, who shall hold his office three years: Provided,
That at the first election under this provision thero
shall be three justices of the peace and three con-
stables elected whose terms snail be one, two, and
three years respectively."
It was that system with its hos t of officers
which was obnoxious to the people of Virginia.
It is a fact, known I presume to every Senator,
that in the southern States the township organ-
ization has not obtained. Those States are
organized county-wise. Such was the case
in my own State until within a few years, when
it was left to the counties themselves to decide
whether they would have township organiza-
tion or not, and many counties of the State of
Illinois have no township organization at this
time. They have done all the business per-
taining to township affairs in the New England
States and in many of the northern States
through a county organization ; and the busi-
ness of roads and taking care of the poor is
all attended to by county officers in numerous
counties in the State of Illinois at this time.
Now, the people of Virginia objected to this
system, and Governor,Walker was speaking of
the county organization and not a word about
the schools in the remarks which have been
referred to.
There is, however, a provision in this county
organization for school districts, and if the
whole article were struck out that would be
stricken out too; but that is a short section
declaring that each township shall be divided
into school districts. • That is all there is
in that. The provision for schools in the
State of Virginia is in article eight, on the
subject ol education. Thero is an article upon
that subject, and that article goes on to pro-
vide for the establishment of free schools
throughout the State of Virginia for the edu-
cation of everybody. That is not in the arti-
cle on county organization at all, but it is in
a subsequent article, article eight. I will read
one or two sections from that article.
" Sec. 3. The General Assembly shall provide by
law, at its first session under this constitution a
uniform system of public free schools, and for its
gradual, equal, and full introduction into all the
counties of the State by the year 1876, or as much
earlier as practicable."
Section seven provides that—
" TheGeneralAssemblyshall set apart as aperma-
nent and perpetual ' literary fund' 'the present lite-
rary fundsof theStato.theprocceds ofallpubliclands
donated by Congress for public-school purposes, of all
oscheated property, of all waste and unappropriated
lands, of all property accruing to the State by forfeit-
ure, and all fines collectcd for oifonces committed
against the State, and such other sums as the Goneral
Assembly may appropriate."
Then there is a provision in section eight for
taxation for the equal benefit of the people of
the State:
"The number of children between tho ages of five
and twenty-one years in each public free school dis-
trict being the basis of such division," and "provision
shall be made to supply children attending the pub-
lic free schools with necessary text books in cases,
where the parent or guardian is unable by reason of
poverty to furnish them."
Now, Mr. President, I ask in all candor what
do Senators think of the charge which was made
here that Governor Walker, in opposing the
article on county organization, desired to strike
down the free-school system, when the free-
schocl system is provided for in a separate
article under the title of education? Was that
fair ? Was that candid ? Was that no attempt
to impose upon the country and the Senate ?
Here is ample provision made for the education
of every child in the State under article eight,
providing for education and for a system of
free schools that shall reach every child ; and
the only allusion in the article on county organ-
ization to schools is in section three, which
relates simply to tlie dividing up of townships
into school districts, whereas the great provis-
ion for education made by the constitution of
Virginia is in a separate article; and yet the
modest Senator from Massachusetts insisted
here that Governor Walker, in expressing dis-
approbation of the article on county organiza-
tion, desired to break down the system of free
schools which is provided for in another article
of the constitution.
Nor, Mr. President, is this all that we find
in this constitution. We find in this liberal
constitution a provision that—
"All citizens of the State are hereby declared to pos-
sess equal eivil and political rights and privileges."
We find other provisions declaring the equal
rights of all men, and "that they cannot be
deprived of the enjoyment of life and liberty,
of the means of acquiring and possessing prop-
erty and pursuing happiness and safety, by any
compact whatever." We find a clause that this
State of Virginia "shall ever remain a mem-
ber of the United States of America, and that
the people thereof are part of the American
nation, and th.at all attempts, from whatever
source or upon whatever pretext, to dissolve
said Union or to sever said nation are un-
authorized and ought to be resisted with the
whole power of the State." This is the con-
stitution ; and with all this evidence before the
Senator from Massachusetts he not only did
what I have stated, but on the 20th of Jannary
he returns again to the assault. After the Sen-
ator from Nevada had corrected him, after the
testimony of General Farwsworth, after the tes-
timony of Governor Shaffer, after the denial of
Governor Walker, he comes in again, and what
does he say then?
" But the question is of fact. I am asked for a fact.
Now I give one faet."
Seo what it is!
"The election in Virginia was one huge, colossal
fraud."
That is a fact! Well, what does General
Canbysay? I have General Canby's report
before me, which states—I could send it to the
Clerk's desk and have it read—that this elec-
tion was a reasonably fair election, as much so
as could be expected. He approved the elec-
tion. He states more strongly than I do that
the election was reasonably fair, because he
goes somewhat into detail to show the number
of registered voters and the number who voted.
"The election in Virginia was one huge,
colossal fraud,'' says the Senator!
"That is the fact. The evidence the Senate already
has before it."
Now, what is "the evidence?"
"The people were appealed to by the candidate
for Governor to choose him, that through him they
might nullify the proposed constitution and trample
out the system of free schools in Virginia. That is
the fraud. The election'was carried on that appeal.
I challenge any Senator who hears me to deny it."
Was not that modest, after the Senator from
Nevada the day before had readherethe denial
of it from Governor Walker himself? After
that denial was laid on the Senator's table he
challenged anybody to deny his assertion, and
asserted it just as if it never had been denied
and disproved.
Now, see the assumption; see the effrontery
of this thing. The Senator says:
" Let any Senator rise in his seat and deny tho
fact. Let any member of the Judiciary Committee
deny tho fact. Let the Senator from Nevada who
has pushed this bill to a consummation, as I have
seen pro-slavery measures pushed in other days,
deny the fact."
Why, the Senator from Nevada had denied
it, and be wanted him to get up and deny it
again. Does the Senator from Massachusetts
suppose that he can impose on the intelligence
of this Senate, on the intelligence of this nation
by any such assumption as this ?
A general declaration that tho election was
a " gigantic fraud" may be made by anybody
Does it prove anything ? The report of Gen-
eral Canby does not sustain it.. There were in
some counties in Virginia irregularities; I think
it is stated that there were charges of fraud in
five counties; and though the result in those
