638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
counties would not affeet the general result one
way or the other, yet General Canby took steps
to investigate in regard to them ; and after all
the investigation that pure and upright officer,
that loyal citizen as well as loyal officer, re-
ported the result of the election and who were
elected to the various^ offices, being satisfied
that the election was fair. Do you not see, Mr.
President, that there is nothing in this but
unwarrantable assumption when the Senator
asks for a fact to be denied that had been de-
nied over and over again, when he charges
treason upon a man for uttering sentiments
which he disavowed, and who by the testi-
mony of meu who have known him for years is
just as loyal and as true as the Senator from
Massachusetts himself?
But, sir, I will not take up any more time in
exposing these particular assumptions. I de-
sire to call attention to some other assumptions
made by the Senator from Massachusetts, and
among them are assumptions of his that ho
represents the loyal men of Virginia; and he
charges that the Legislature is disloyal, and
that we represent disloyalty in urging the ad-
mission of Virginia to her position in the Union.
And, sir, he went further than that, and insin-
uated that I had not been true on these subjects
of reconstruction, claiming for himself superi-
ority. Mr. President, the first great act on the
subject of reconstruction in the shape of a law
was " an act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States." I will read
the fifth section of that act:
"Sue. 5. And be it farther enacted. That when the
people of any ono of said rebel States shall have
formed a constitution of government in conformity
with the Constitution of the United States in all
respects, framed by a convention of delegates elected
by the malo eitizons of said State, twenty-ono year:;
old and upward, of whatever race, color, or previous
condition, who liavo been resident in said State for
ono year previous to the day of such election, oxcept
■oich as may bo disfranchised for participation in the
rebollion or for felony at common law; and when
nidi constitution shall provide that tho elective fran-
i hisoshall bo enjoyed by allsuoh porsons as have the
qualifications herein stated for electors of delegates;
and when such constitution shall be ratified by a
majority of the persons voting on the question of
ratification who are qualified as eleotors for delegates;
and when such constitution shall have been submit-
ted to Congress for examination and approval and
Congress shall havo approved tho same, and when
said State, by a voto of its Legislature, elected under
said constitution, shall have adopted tho amendment
to tho Constitution of tho United States proposed
by the Thirty-Ninth Congress and known as article
fourteon; and when said article shall havobeoomo a
part of tho Constitution of tho United States, said
Stato shall bo declared entitled to representation in
Congress, and Senators and Representatives shall bo
admitted therefrom on their taking tho oath pro-
scribed by law, and then and thereafter tho preced-
ing sections of this act shall bo inoperative in said
Stato: l'rovidi><l. That no person oxciuded from the
privilege of holding oflico by snid proposod amend-
ment to tho Constitution of the United States shall bo
eligible to election as a member of the convention to
frame a constitution for any of said rebel States, nor
shall any such person vote for members of such con-
vention."
I have read that for the purpose of showing
that this was the great act which conferred the
right of suffrage upon the colored people of the
South ; this was the first great measure of Con-
gress securing suffrage to the colored people in
the late rebel States. I recollect the enthusiasm
with which the Senator's colleague [Mr. Wil-
son] spoke of this act at the time of its passage.
That bill was reported by a committee of which
the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] was chairman, and contained thefifth sec-
tion, which I have read, conferring, as you may
see by a reference to it, the right of suffrage
upon "all male citizens of said State twenty-
one years old and upward, of whatever race,
color, or previous condition." That was re-
ported as an amendment to a pending bill from
the House on the lGth of February, 1867. I
have that report before me ; and on the same
day a vote was taken upon adopting it as a sub-
stitute for the House bill then under considera-
tion, and this fifth section of the substitute
conferred the right of suffrage on the colored
citizens. The question was taken upon adopt-
ing this amendment to the pending bill, and I
will read the names of those who voted for the
amendment conferring suffrage upon all male
citizens without regard to race or color. The
yeas were—
-s.Anthony, Brown, Cattell, Chandler. Con
: ness,Cragm,Cressweil, j?ogg,Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood,
Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Patterson, Poland, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Ross, Sherman. Stewart, Trumbull, van
Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams,Wilson, and Yates.
Mr, President, do you miss the name of any
Senator from that list of yeas? Would you
believe itpossible that without the assistance of
the Senator from Massachusetts we conferred
the right of suffrage on the negroes of the
South ? That was the vote by which that amend-
ment was adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. Read the uays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The nays were as follows:
"Messrs. Buokalew, Davis, and Saulsbury."
And the '' absent'' wore, among others,'' Mr.
Sumner ;" and I have a paper here which says
that Mr. Sumner is never absent. _ The other
day when a controversy arose in this Chamber
and the question was asked by the Senator
from Nevada, " Was theSenator present when
it passed," the answer was: "Certainly; I am
always present."
Unfortunately the colored citizens of the
South have nothing to thank the Senator from
Massachusetts for in having the right of suf-
frage conferred upon them. It is unpleasant
to expose the presumption and assumption
and effrontery that from day to day have been
displayed in this Senate. But I know no other
way to destroy their effect. Mr. President,
this was not the only vote. A vote was taken
after this amendment was adopted upon the
passage of the bill thus amended, and the vote
on the passage of the bill was—yeas 29, nays
10, and among those yeas is not found the
name of the Senator from Massachusetts,
But, sir, it sometimes happens that malice
and hatred will produce results which reason
and good will can never accomplish, and when
we passed this bill giving the right of suffrage
to the colored men in the South without the
aid of the Senator from Massachusetts and
sent it to the President he vetoed it, and on
the question of passing it over his veto the
Senator from Massachusetts voted with us.
His affection for the President was not such
as to allow him to coincide with him in any-
thing. [Laughter.] So we got his vote at
last, but we had two thirds without him.
This is the record, Mr. President. Well, sir,
is the Senator's record any better on the fif-
teenth amendment? How stands the record in
regard to that; that great amendment which
is to secure the right of suffrage to all malo
citizens of the United States without distinc-
tion throughout the whole country? Did we
have tho Senator's support then? Let us look
at the record.
The fifteenth amendment came into this body
from a committee of conference. The ques-
tion was this :
"The Senate resumed the consideration of the
report of the commilee of conference oil the dis-
agreeing votes of tiie two Houses on tho Senate joint
resolution No. 8. proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.''
The fifteenth amendment:
"And the question being on the motion of .Mr.
Stewart, that the Senate agree to the report, it was
determined in the affirmative—yeas 39, nays 13."
Among the yeas you will look in vain for the
name of the Senator from Massachusetts. He
did not vote for it. Now, sir, why did he not
vote for this great measure? Oh, he wanted
to accomplish the object in some other way ;
he wanted to confer suffrage throughout the
United States upon everybody by an act of
Congress which Congress had no authority to
pass ? Why did he not vote for the act to pro -
vide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States, which conferred t!ie right of suf-
frage upon colored men throughout the South ?
Why did not that Senator, who is always pres-
ent, vote for that? He would not vote for it
because it did not go as far as he wanted it
to go in disfranchising rebels. That was the
reason.
Sir, it is no pleasure to me to expose these
things. I would not -have done it but for the
assaults made upon me and upon my course;
but the Senator must take the consequences
of his action here; and if his assurance and
effrontery are such as to induce him to assail
others he must look to his own armor, lest it
be pierced by truth and he be exposed to tho
American people as an impracticable and an
obstacle in the way of legislation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Illinois that in his
opinion the word "effrontery" is not parlia-
mentary to be applied to a member of the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I certainly do not mean
to transgress any rule of order; but I must beg
to differ with the Chair, that the word "effront-
ery" is used in parliamentary debate, and I
think I can show it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated his opinion to the Senator from Illinois.
The reasons for it can be found in the Manual.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not mean to trans-
gress any rule of^order; but the Chair will bear
witness that a remark of mine was denounced
in this Senate, without any call to order, as
"preposterous and absurd," and I was charged
with an attempt to "impose" upon the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois that in his
opinion the words " preposterous and absurd "
differ from the word "effrontery."
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a charge of an at-
tempt to "impose" upon the Senate. I shall
not appeal from the decision of the Chair, but
I beg leave respectfully to say that I differ
with the Chair. I will endeavor to confine
myself strictly within the rules of propriety and
order, and certainly within the rules of parlia-
mentary law, and I shall abstain from the use
of that word after the remarks of the Chair,
though begging respectfully to differ with the
Chair in his decision.
It will thus be seen, Mr. President, that by
this great act for the reconstruction of the
rebel States and by the constitutional amend-
ment the right of suffrage has been conferred
without the aid of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, because they were not the way in
which he would have it done. He was for
some more speedy though less certain way ;
less effectual, in my opinion. But, sir, I have
learned long ago that I cannot have the legis-
lation of the country just as I would desire it;
and I expect to vote for the admission of rep-
resentatives from the State of Virginia whether
the amendments proposed to this bill are
adopted or not, unless some amendment more
unreasonable than I can conceive of should
hereafter be adopted. I preferred the resolu-
•tion as it was reported by the Committee on
the Judicary, plain and simple ; but if I can-
not get that, I shall vote as I did when
Arkansas and Louisiana and other States were
admitted and conditions were applied to them.
I submitted to it because I found it impracti-
cable to pass the necessary bills for the read-
mission of those States to representation with-
out conditions ; and I shall do so in this case.
I shall not occupy the impracticable position
of some who would not vote to confer the right
of suffrage on all citizens in the rebel States,
or for the fifteenth amendment, because they
did not contain some other provisions that he
desired.
I refer to these things, as I said before, with
no satisfaction ; and I think I have taken time
enough upon them. I have shown that the
charges which the Senator from Massacnusetts
has repeated and reiterated over and over again
have been met and refuted, both those which
he made in reference to an appeal to the Judi-
ciary Committee to be heard and the charges
which he made upon Governor Walker, which
he denominated the pivotal point in this con-
troversy, which I do not think it is at all. I
