1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Senate to-day and insisted that the two bills
were alike; that the House bill and the Senate
bill were the same. How does lie show this?
By asking the Secretary to read one clause of
the House bill and then one clause of the Senate
bill, omitting the preamble of the House bill
and the proviso of the Senate bill, and then cry-
ing out, " See, they are alike." Was this can-
did? That was the question I asked last night.
And 1 now repeat the question. Werenotthe
two bills essentially different? Were they not
unlike? I cannot tell one thing from another
if those two bills were not unlike. In one
single provision they were alike, but in all the
rest unlike. May 1 give you an illustration?
You will find in the Testament the phrase,
" There is one God." You will find the same
phrase in the Koran. The Senator from Illi-
nois would insist, according to his persuasive
logic, that the Koran and the Testament are
alike. All before the phrase and all after that
phrase in the two books are unlike; and so it
was in the two bills—unlike in terms, and now,
again, allow me to say, unlike in the position
of the two bills before the Senate. One had
already, after many days' debate, reached a
certain stage with an important amendment
attached; the other had just come from the
House, and as you well know, under parlia-
mentary law, was to receive three readings on
three different days. That is a clean parlia-
mentary difference between the two bills. How
unlike again ! The circumstances surrounding
the two were as unlike as their text. The
Senator cannot make them alikein text exccpt
by a process of suppression ; in one case it is
the suppression of the preamble and in the
other the suppression of the proviso. But
what are preamble or proviso to him? He
cannot make them alike in their position on
the Callendar.
But, sir, on the very testimony that he cited
the Senator is condemned. He appealed to two
honorable Senators, one the Senator from New
York [Mr. Conkling] and the other the Sen-
atorfrom Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter,] to sus-
tain him. 1 submit that .neither of them sus-
tained him, but both most satisfactorily fur-
nished evidence against him. The Senator
from New York said:
"The best way to arrive at it was to offer it as a
substitute."
Of course it was. No doubt about it. And
then the Senator from New York turns to the
Senator from Wisconsin:
" And now I venture to ask the honorable Senator
from "Wisconsin [Mr. Carpknteb] whether his un-
derstanding was or was not like mine, as he sat near
me on the occasion and we oonferred with each other
about it?"
To this the Senator replies:
" Mr. Carpenter. I will say that my understand-
ing was precisely that stated by the Senator from
New York, and withoutthat understanding I should
have voted against an adjournment that night."
Very naturally." Then spoke another:
" Mr. Stewart. Thatwas my understanding also."
On this I proceed to remark:
"Mr. Scmner. Now I understand the Senator from
New York to say that the House bill was to be moved
as a substitute. That is a different matter."
And then the Senator from New York closed
this matter:
"Mr. Cosklinq. I say I supposed it would take
that direction."
All were thinking of moving the House bill
as a substitute. Nobody thought of moving it
otherwise.
Had the Senator from Illinois in his assi-
duity oil that occasion moved the House bill
as a substitute, it would have been in the na-
ture of an amendment perfectly in order and
coming I presume within the understanding on
that occasion ; but when he proposed another
motion, being nothing less than to leap over
the requirement of three legislative days on
the'House bill, he must allow me to say he
asked us to do what nobody at the time the
agreement was entered into could have ima-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 41.
gined, that the Senators he summons to his as-
sistance did not imagine. Why, sir, with some
experience in this Chamber, and listening with
great closeness on that occasion, I must say
the idea never entered into my head. And,
now, after the argument of the Senator, it seems
as impossible as ever. I can grasp in a hum-
ble way the infinitudes of astronomical space,
and of the starry spheres, but I cannot grasp
this idea which brings together two things so
essentially and entirely apart. Here is a dis-
tance among bills as among the heavenly bodies.
This is what I have to say on the first count of
the indictment.
The second count, like unto the first, was
presented with something like temper, was it
not, sir? Thisconntwasmypersistingthatloyal
ists of Virginia had knocked at the door of the
committee-room and not found admission.
What I said was founded on the statement of
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,]
and by the way the Senator from Vermont,
unless I am mistaken, is an eminent member
of the Judiciary Committee. Here it is. But
the Senator from Vermont speaks now :
"A gentleman, whose name I will furnish to my
friend from Illinois privately, and whoso name I think
he will respect when he knows who he is and what
he is, stated to me this morning—and it was not the
gentleman who sat by the Senator from Massachusetts
and no person who has been in this Chamber to my
knowledge—that he and one or two others, represent-
ing what they considered to be the loyal element of
Virginia, and desiring to lay before the committee
not arguments, but facts touching all the questions,
went to the door of the committee-room on the morn-
of its session when it had this subject up and appealed
to the messenger to be permitted to go in and bo
heard, and that the messengerwent in and came out
with the statement to them that they eould not be
heard. That is the evidence."
The answer of the Senator, that no such per-
son came in while the committee was there, is
explicit; the answer of other members of the
committee to the same point is explicit; but
the question is whether this statement by the
Senator from Vermont is not susceptible of
explanation without any impeachment of the
character of the gentleman whom he quoted,
or of the prudence of the Senator himself who
introduced it. I think it can be, and I think
the tone of the answer of the Senator from
Illinois, which I find reported in the Globe, will
explain pretty well what the condition of loyal-
ists applying to the Judiciary Committee, of
which he is the chairman, was likely to be, so
far as he had influence over it. His answer
goes to show the entire reasonableness of the
statement. The Senator from Illinois says:
"I do not know what action the committee might
have thought proper to take if such an application
had been made. It is very likely that the class of
persons who have been sitting by the side of the
Senator from Massachusetts, from time to time spur-
ring him on with suggestions, might not have been
permitted to take up the time of the Judiciary Com-
mittee with that kind of suggestions."
Such was the manner in which this inquiry
was encountered- even on this floor by the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Bear
me witness; I had made no allusion to the
Senator. I had not thought of him in this con-
nection except with that pain which one must
always feel at witnessing the determination of
his opposition to those great measures by which
human rights are vindicated. Nor had I any
purpose of alluding to him. But suddenly, in
the exigency of his nature, he rushed out of
the way in order to give a fling at these loyalists
from Virginia and at me; and the fling that he
began that day has been going on ever since,
and you see it whizzing in this Chamber to-day.
Sir, in the face of the evidence, in the face of
the great question now before you, is it not
pitiful that this simple incident should be made
to play such a part? Can any one suppose that
any Senator eould introduce any evidence which
at the time he did not suppose to be true?
The Senator would not suppose that the Sen-
ator from Vermont could do it. I know from
his speech to-day the evil he thinks of me, and
therefore I do not venture to say that he would
not attribute to me anything that is bad ; but,
sir, I ask is npt this whole discussion,, as intro-
duced by him, too trivial for this 'Chamber—,
much too trivial for this occasion'? "If the
loyalists did not knoek,at the door-of the'eom-
mittee, I have, sir. I have knocked da%, con-
stantly from my seat here.
Why, sir, at the beginning of this debate did
I not appeal to the Senator, did I not appeal
to this Senate perpetually from that day down
to this hour, entreating a hearing for these loy-
alists 1 Was not my appeal encountered with
derision ? I have read the words of the Sen-
ator. You know how he.presumed to character-
ize it. You all know how the memorial that I
presented was treated—precisely as in those
other days which you and I, Mr. President,
remember well, the memorials of faithful anti-
slavery _ men throughout the oountry were
treated in this Chamber by the representatives
of slavery. The same scene has been repeated;
the same tones of voice; the same scorn; the
same reproach; and the right of petition itself
has been trifled with.
How cjften have I asked for this hearing,
and only to encounter reproach 1 I have read
letters testifying to the fearful condition of
Virginia. The Senator answered by a sneer.
I will read another now, written from Hamp-
ton, Virginia, January 15, even though the
Senator does sneer.
" I have been a resident of Virginia for twenty-
one years, being a native of Massachusetts, where I
lived the first thirty-five years of my life. I was in
the Government employ four years at Irort Monroe
and vicinity during the war, being compelled to
leave my home in York county on account of my
loyalty to the Government. I have watched the
people of Virginia for a good many years, and no
one knows bettor the bitterness of the rebels than I
do; and I assure you it is not safe for loyal people
to live here now, and what will it be if the Slate
comes in without any guarantees or conditions?
Why, sir, I believe all the loyal people will have to
leave tho State, and the sooner the better for our
own safety.
" I do not know what members of your body mean
when they talk of tho loyalty of Virginia. There is
no such element to be found, and Governor Walker
is no better than the rebels, and is only a tool for
themuntil theyeandobetter. Theircryis, 'Get the
State in, and then wc will fix the Yankeos and nig-
gers.'
"And now, my dear sir, if the State is to come in
without the.iron-clad oath do not, for the sake of the
loyal people, admit it for six months, or until you
give us timo to soil out and settle up our business so
that we can leave the Stato. There will be no use
for us to try to live here with these rebels when they
get the reins, for they aro sure to drive us, and tho
sooner wo get away tho better."
There were witnesses here anxious to testify
before the committee on these matters, but the
Senator from Illinois had for them nothing but
a scoff.
Here is another letter from Richmond, dated
January 20:
"They are seeking admission to the Union, not
from any love for the Union, but to get rid of tho
hated supervision of Congress, and they are also
living under the restraining influences of a military
government and the fear of General Canby before
their eyes. The threat to drive away every ' carpet-
baggor ' and every ' scalawag' from Virginia as soon
as they get the power is no idle or unmeaning one.
If these things are experienced now under the in-
fluences to which I have referred what will be our
condition when these rebel gentleman are invested
with unrestricted power, and in possession of all the
judges, all the magistrates and sheriffs,and the con-
trol of juries ? N eed I add that without ail the pro-
tection in tho power of Congress to support us tho
loyal people ofVirginia must leave tho State ? Con-
gress is, I foresee, about to commit a very sad mis-
take."
Of course the Senator answers with a sneer.
Well, sir, here is another communication from
an officer. Senators may ask his name; but
when they have heard his communication to
the end they will sea why I decline to give it:
"As tho Legislature now stands it will ba next to
impossible for them [the colored or Union pfeople] to
get justice from the hands of their appointees. Only
let us reflect for a moment. Look at the judges of tho
county courts before whom all minor offenses will
havo to bo adjudicated. Who will these men be I
Look at the clerks of both houses and the oflicers
elected so far, and we can at once_determine, tan
these people espect an impartial trial from such nren
who will have power to decide all law points auu to
see that the jury is properly selected r ( \Y ill not this
Legislature put the whole uxaehmxiry of the new con-
stitution into operation ?"
