1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
Several Senators. No debate ; let us vote.
Mr. STEWART. Well, 1 shall take some
osher occasion to make the correction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Senate by agreement decided to
vote at four o'clock to-day ; but it is a distinct
understanding that in this body it is not the
duty of the Chair to enforce such an agree-
ment, and it devolves on the Senators them-
selves. ["Certainly."] The question now
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. HOWARD. This debate has gone far
enough.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri the. yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not wish to protract
the debate, but some statements have been
made here this evening which ought to be
corrected 
Several Senators. No debate.
Mr. FOWLER. Let me get through what
I have to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Tennessee, under the rules, is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. FOWLER. Certain statements have
been made which are not according to my rec-
ollection, and which do injustice to other mem-
bers of the Senate who participated in the
matters referred to.
Several Senators. We object to debate.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make an in-
quiry of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. For what pur-
pose does the Senator from New York rise?
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a point of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Tennessee vail suspend until the Senator from
New York states his question of order.
Mr. CONKLING. The point of order I beg
to submit in the form of a suggestion. We
have come now to the time when an agreement
of the Senate is to be observed, and although
the Chair has said that uot to the Chair but to
the Senate belongs the office of enforcing the
agreement, I appeal to the honorable Senator
from Tennessee not to do that which if other
Senators follow his example will put an end
entirely to the understanding. Hereafter there
will be abundant opportunity for the Senator
to make any correction lie desires.
Mr. FOWLER. I intend to say now that I
mean hereafter to take an opportunity to make
the correction.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will it be in order to move
an amendment to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then I move that in the
sixth line of the amendment, after the words
" right to vote," in the two places where they
occur, be added "andto hold office." I move
this amendment for the reason which 1 took
occasion to state a few days ago, that if we
affix to this bill fundamental conditions at all
I wish them to be complete.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri moves to amend the amendment of
his colleague. The Secretary will report it.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment, is, in line six of the pending amendment,
after the word "vote" where it occurs in both
places, to insert the words "audto hold office."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 21, noes 26.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. I have merely to say with
reference to this amendment 
Several Senators. We object to debate.
Mr. FOWLER. If the discussion is to be
opened I shall ask the. right to be heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri has risen under the rules of the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I have merely to state with
reference to this particular proposition that I
have another amendment intended to cover
that point. That is all I wanted to state.
Mr. McCREERY. Before any vote is taken
I desire to state that I have paired with the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,]
who is called home by domestic affliction. If
he were present he would vote for the amend-
ment and I against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony. Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Chandler, Edmunds, Gil-
bert, Hamlin, Ilarlan, Harris, Howe, McDonald,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton,Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Schurz, Spencer, Sumner,
Thayer, Warner, Wilson, and Yates—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Carpenter. Casserly, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Fenton,
Ferry, lfowler, Hamilton, Howard, Kellogg, Morrill
of Maine, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Ross, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Thur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Willey, and Wil-
liams—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Cattoll, McCrecry,
Pool, and Sprague—5.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the reading of the
amendment, and then for the reading of the
provisos that were attached to the admission
of the other insurrectionary States, which I
send to the Chair.
Several Senators. That is in the nature of
debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is in the nature of debate, but the Senator
can insist on it.
Mr. DRAKE. All I want is to show the
absolute identity between the conditions.
Mr. TRUMBDLL. If the Senate is going
to allow debate on this question I should like
very much to say a few words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. I withdraw the request.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the amendment be
read. That is not in the nature of a debate.
The cnief Clerk. The pending amendment
is to add to the bill the following:
And provided further. That the Stateof Virginia is
admitted to representation in Congress as one of the
States of the Union upon the following fundamental
condition: that the constitution of Virginia shall
never be so amended or changed as to deprive any
citizen or class of citizens oiaihe United States of tho
ri^lit to vote who arc entitled to vote by.the consti-
tution herein recognized, exceptasa punishmentfor
such crimes as are now felonies at common law,
whereof they shall have been duly convicted under
laws equally applicable to all tho inhabitants of said
State: Provided, That any alteration of said consti-
tution prospective in its eilects may be made in
regard to the time and place of i esidence of voters.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nay 28; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony,Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham,Chandler,Cragm,Drake,Edmunds,
Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris. Howard, Howe,
Kellogg, McDonald. Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice,
Robertson, Speneer, Sumner, Thayer, "Wilson, and
Yates—31
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Carpenter, Casserly, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler,
Hamilton, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye, Ross,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman. Stewart, Stock-
ton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Viokers, Warner,
Willov. and Williams—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, MeCreery,
Pool, Sehur2,and Sprague—6.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I offer the following further
amendment to the bill as an additional pro-
viso :
And provided further, That said State of Virginia
is admitted to representation in Congress as one of
the States of the Union upon the following further
fundamental condition : that it shall never be law-
ful for the said State to deprive any citizen of the
United States, on account of his race, color, or prer
vious condition of servitude of the right to^hold
oifice under the constitution and laws ot said State,
or upon any buch ground to i equiro of him any other
([naliiieations for otTLio than such as are required of
all other citizens.
On the question of agreeing to this amend-
ment I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 29; as follows:
YI3AS — Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham. Chandler, Drake, Edmunds, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Kellogg,
McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Jtiee, Robert-
son, Sehurz, Speneer, Sumner, Thayer, Wilson, and
Yates—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Carpenter, Casserly, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Fonton, Ferry,
Fowler, Hamilton, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye,
Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart,
Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers,
Warner, Willey, and Williams—29.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell,
MeCreery, Pool, and Sprague—6.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to amend the
bill by adding :
And provided further, That the State of Virginia is
admitted to representation in Congress as one of the
States of the Union upon the following further fund-
amental condition: that the Constitution of Virginia
shall never be so amended or changed as to deprive
any citizen or class of citizens of the United States
of the school rights and privileges secured by the
constitution of said State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
venture to suggest that by adding the letter
" s" to the word " condition" where it occurs
in the first amendment a great deal of verbiage
in these amendments will be dispensed with.
Mr. WILSON. Let that change'be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no objection
be made this amendment will be altered by
striking out the first clause down to the words
" that the constitution," &c., and the second
amendment of the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Dkake] will be treated in the same way.
Mr. DRAKE. That can be done by the
Clerk, of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. [Mr. Wilson].
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas arid nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 31, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,Brown-
low, Buckingham, Chandler. Cragin, Drake, Ed-
munds, (irilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard,
Howe, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice,
Robertson, Schurz, Spencer, Sumner, Thayer, Wil-
son, and Yates—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard. Carpenter, Casserly, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Davis, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler,
Hamilton, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye,
Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart,
■Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Viokers,
Wanvor. Willev, and Williams—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, MeCreery,
Pool, and Sprague—5.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I send now to the Chair
a substitute for the preamble of the House bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does any Sen-
ator desire to offer an amendment to the text
of the bill?
Mr. MORTON. I do not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No further
amendment being proposed to the text of the
bill, the Senator from Indiana proposes an
amendment to the preamble, which will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out the preamble of the bill in
the following words :
Whereas the peopleofVirginiahave adopted acon-
stitution republican in form, andhave in all respects
conformed to the requirements of the act of Con;
gross entitled "An act authorizing the submission of"
tho constitutions of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas
to a vote of the people and authorizing the election
of State officers, provided by the said constitutions,
and members of Congress," approved April 10, ISoJ:
Therefore.
And in lieu thereof to insert :
Whereas the people of Virginia have framed and
adopted a constitution of State goveinment whica
is republican; and whereas the Legislature ot V 11
ginia elected under said constitution and ln puijfi-
ance of the reconstruction acts of Congress have ra
fted tho fourteenth and fifteenth amendraen.,3 to tbc
Constitution of the United States; and tt i.
pc-rtormanee-of these several acts m good taitn x,\>
a condition-precedent to the representation of tho
State in Congress: Therefore.
