644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
pro-
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I strike out the words
"and in pursuance of the reconstruction acts
of Congress." Let it be read as modified.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read
as modified.
The Chief Clerk. As modified the
posed preamble reads:
Whereas the peoplo of Virginia have framed and
adopted a constitution of State government which is
republican} and whereas the Legislature of Vir-
ginia elected under said constitution liavo ratified
the fourteenth and fifteenth amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States; and whoroas the per-
formance of theso several acts in good faith was a
condition-precedont to tho representation of the
State in Congress: Therefore.
Mr. WILSON. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Indiana to add after the word " re-
publican" the words " in form."
_Mr. MORTON. No; I considered that, I
will say to the Senator.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Chandler, Cole, Cragin,
Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan,
Harris, Howard, Howe, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schurz, feoott, Spenoer, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—St).
NAYS—Mossrs. Bayard, Carpenter, Casserly,
Conkling, Corbett. Davis, Ferry, Fowler, Hamilton,
Kellogg, Norton, Nye, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart,
Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, Viokers, and War-
ner—20,
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, McCreory,
Pool, Ross, and Sprague—6.
So the amendment to tho preamble was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on ordering the amendments to be
engrossed, and the bill to be read the third
time.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish, with the leave
of the Senate, to say one word in explanation
of the vote I shall give on this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. '
the understanding.
Mr. THURMAN.
an argument.
Several Senators. Let the bill be read a
third time, and speak on its fifial passage.
Mr. THURMAN. It is immaterial to me
when I do it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is not
on its final passage as yet.
Mr. THURMAN.
its third reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS.
reading.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senate please I
. would rather say what I have to say now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio prefers to speak now.
Mr. THURMAN. As anxious as I have
been for the restoration of Virginia to her
rights I cannot vote for an unconstitutional
bill, at least one that I am clear in my own
mind is unconstitutional, even to effect that
purpose. _ The amendments that have been
put on this bill to-day make it, in my judg-
ment, plainly unconstitutional; and I shall,
therefore, be compelled to vote against it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am constrained, also,
to vote against this bill, and in one word my
reason for it is this: I look upon it as a bill to
exclude Virginia perpetually from being an
equal State in this Union.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have determined for
the last hour not to vote for this bill. I would
rather leave Virginia solitary and alone forever,
as she is now, than consent to thus deprive her
of her equal rights. She has been glorious in
the past, and I will not degrade her now by
my vote.
Several Senators. "Question!" "Ques-
tion !"
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to bo read the third time.
The bill was read tho third time.
That is not according to
I am not going to make
t know it is not; it is on
Let it have its third
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is, "Shallthis bill pass?"
Mr. STEWART. On that question I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. One word, sir; not to de-
tain the Senate. I came here with the oath
npon my lips to sustain the Constitution of the
United States. The " United States " means
equal States united, and I never will consent
that a member of this Union, especially so
glorious and respected a member as the State
of Virginia, shall come into these Halls by my
vote anything else than the fall peer and equal
of any of the rest. For that reason I shall
not vote in favor of her inequality, which is
what this bill now provides for.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, with sin-
cere sorrow I find myself in a position by the
action of this body to-day where I shall be
obliged to vote against this bill. As the Sen
ator from Ohio has stated, the amendments
made to it I regard as unconstitutional, and I
decline to vote to place upon the State of Vir-
ginia these badges of conquest, of inferiority,
and of insult.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. President, it is with
sincere regret that I am constrained to cast my
vote against this bill. I cannot in justification
to myself and the views I entertain cast my
vote hi favor of it as i.t is now presented to the
consideration of the Senate.
■ Mr. VICKERS. I have never believed, sir,
that Virginia was out of tho Union. There-
fore I decline to vote that she shall come into
tho Union. I would cheerfully vote for the
original proposition, that she is entitled to rep-
resentation. My opinion is that she has always
been entitled to representation in the Union ;
but, clogged as this bill is with these unconsti-
tutional provisions, I shall bo obliged to vote
in the negative.
Mr. NORTON. As the indulgence of tho
Senate seems to have been given, in violation
of the understanding, to Senators to explain
the reasons of the vote they shall give on the
passage of this bill, I avail myself of the cour-
tesy of the Senate in that regard. I shall not
vote for this bill for the reason thatl am unwill-
ing to put, upon the record my assent to the
proposition that the Congress of the United
States can make constitutions for any State.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll on
the passage of the bill.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. KELLOGG. J call for the reading of
the sixteenth rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana desires the sixteenth rule to be read.
The Secretary will read it.
The Secretary read as follows:
"10. When the yeas and nays shallbo called for by
one lifth of the Senators present, each Senator called
upon shall, unless for special reasons ho bo excused
by tlieSenate.declareopenlyand without debate his
assent or dissent to the question. In taking tho yeas
and nays, and upon the call of tho Senate, tho names
of the Senators shall bo called alphabetically."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before announc-
ing the result of the vote, the Chair desires to
state to persons on the floor and in the gal-
leries that manifestations which have some-
times occurred of applause or dissent in the
settlement of great questions are so unseemly
that they should not be tolerated in a delibera-
tive body. Those who are present upon the
floor of the Senate and those who are present
in the galleries are there in accordance with
the rules of this body. It is not respectful to
the Senate, it is not respectful to the rules of
the body, and it is not respectful to themselves
to indulge in these demonstrations. The Chair
therefore trusts there will be no manifestation,
either of approval or disapproval on the an-
nouncement of the result of the vote.
- The vote was then announced—yeas 47,
nays 10, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole,
Gonklin?, Cnrbott, Cr,T?in, Brake. Hdinunds, Fen-
ton, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, How-
ard, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nye. Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Schurz,
Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull,
Warner, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
Hamilton, Norton, Saulsbury, Stockton, Thurinan,
and Vickers—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, McCreery,
Morrill of Vermont, Pool, Sprague, Sumner, and
Thayer—8.
So the bill was i
the currency.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move, in order
to leave it as the unfinished business for Mon-
day, that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation ' of the bill (S. No. 878) to provide a
national currency of coin notes and to equal-
ize the distribution of circulating notes.
The motion was agreed to.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. CONKLING. Pending that motion, I
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order. The Senator from Minnesota, with
the consent of the Senate, moves that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Monday next; aud pending that motion,
the Senator from New York moves that the
Senate do now adjourn, which motion has
priority.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Min-
nesota that when the Senate adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 21, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday, was read and
approved.
north carolina post route.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
885) to establish a post route from Elizabeth
City to Roanoke Island, North Carolina ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
ways and means committee.
Mr._ SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I take this
occasion to ask unanimousconsent that leave
be granted for the Committee of Ways and
Means to sit during the sessions of the House.
This consent, I understand, has not been ac-
corded to that committee during this Congress.
At the same time I desire to say to the House
that it is the expectation of the committee
early next week, probably Monday, that the
revision of the tariff bill now before them will
be completed and reported to the House : and
after it is reported and ordered to be printed
for the use of members the committee have
instructed me to move oh the first fitting occa-
sion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to take up House bill
No. 1, to reduce into one act and to amend the
laws relating to internal taxes.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
banking and currency committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
ask the same permission for the Committee on
Banking and Currency ; for the pressure of
business before that committee is such as to
