1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
require us to sit during the sessions of the
House.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
PIIIVATJS J!IXL DAY.
The SPEAKER stated that under the rules
this was setapart as private bill day, and during
the morning hour reports of a private nature
were in order from the committees, beginning
with the Committee of Elections.
DWIGHT J. M'CANN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, submitted an adverse
report in the case pf Dwight J. McCann;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
JONAS W. NYE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, also submitted an adverse
report in the case of Jonas W. Nye; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
LAWKBSCiS L. MEKRY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, also reported a bill (H.
R. No. 886) for the relief of Lawrence L. Merry,
collector of internal revenue for the twentieth
district of New York ; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in adjusting the accounts of Lawrence L.
Merry, collector of internal revenue for the
twentieth district of New York, to credit him
with the sum of $3,006 73, the amount of rev-
enue stamps stolen from the American Express
Company's safe and from the post office atllion,
Herkimer county, New York, on the night of
the 9th of October. 1806, and for which amount
said collector is responsible to the Treasury of
the United Stales, provided that it shall then
still appear that the theft of said stamps was
without the collusion, privity, or fault of the
said collector.
The report of the committee, which was read,
sets forth the facts in detail, and states that the
loss of revenue stamps has been fully proved
to the amount specified in the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I wish
to state to the House in a very few words the
action of the committee upon this case, and
then the House if they see fit to indorse the
action of the committee v/ill do so ; otherwise
they can reverse the decision of the committee.
We are all aware that in allowing persons
who have lost stamps a release irom their
obligation therefor is a dangerous precedent
unless the evidence is very strong. Therefore,
in all instances where applications have been
made before the committee in cases of this
class, we have held every individual strictly to
this point, that he must satisfy the committee
that he exercised due caution as to the place
where the stamps were kept. In a word, the
postmaster, being appointed by the Post Office
Department to keep stamps, if he deposits those
stamps in the safe provided by the Post Office
Department, or if he deposits them in the
safest place in the town in which the post office
is kept, and the safe is broken open and robbed
without any fault of his ; if he has done all in
his power for the safekeeping of the Govern-
ment property, the committee have thought
it was hard to hold that individual responsible.
But if in a given instance those stamps were
not kept in such safe places, but the postmaster
was careless in the loss of them, did not exer-
cise due care and caution in the manner of
securing that property, the committee in all
such cases has refused the application.
In this case the stamps were deposited in the
safe of the express office, which the evidence
shows to be the safest place in the town in
which the post office was located, and that
burglars, on the eight on which this safe was
broken open, also broke open the safes of sev-
eral merchants in the town. There seemed on
that night to be a general levy on the tc\vn.
The committee came to the conclusion that
the collector having done all in his power to
keep these stamps in the safest possible place
he could find, and being robbed, under those
circumstances they should recommend this bill
for his relief to the favorable consideration of
the House. If the House, however, should
desire a different principle to be adopted, and
should say that under no circumstances are they
in favor of releasing this class of applicants,
the committee will consider such action on the
part of the House as an instruction that here-
after no relief under any circumstances what-
ever shall be afforded to this class of applicants.
But the committee consider that if any such
person is to bq relieved—and it will be recol-
lected that last session the committee reported
a bill relieving a collector who was robbed
under similar circumstances and whose stamps
were in the very same safe as in this case, and
taken on the very same evening—this is a case
in which relief should be granted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the law require at
the hands of the various collectors as a part
of their duty that they shall receive and sell
internal revenue stamps ?
Mr. WASHBURN; of Massachusetts. 1
understand so.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It seems to me, Mr.
Speaker, that the passage of this bill will set, a
very dangerous precedent which may be applied
to a great many cases which will arise with
reference not only to collectors, but to many
other officers who are made depositaries of
Government money. The law which makes
the selling of stamps a part of the duty of a
collector requires a bond of him covering the
stamps that are deposited with him as well as
the money which lie receives in virtue of his
office as collector. The salaries which we pay
these collectors are not only to some extent
proportioned to the duties they have to dis-
charge, but have reference to the risks they
incur in consequence of the amounts of money
in their possession. They account themselves
the insurers of the money which they receive.
We pay them for insuring the Government
money which is in their hands, and we require
p. bond of them that they shall refund all
moneys or pay over all moneys received by
them as such officers of the Government.
Now, the principle of this bill relieves them
as insurers of Government funds and says that
they shall not be responsible as such, at least
against thieves and burglars. I am aware that
we have legislated in accordance with the
recommendation of the committee in former
cases. But I have always thought it was a dan-
gerous course, and I think so still, because if
wo send it abroad to the world that wo are to
relieve these parties and others similarly sit-
uated. these collectors and postmasters will
relax that diligence which the law requires at
their hands as guardians of Government funds
and with which they would be disposed to guard
their own. This money and these stamps
while in their possession belong to them vir-
tually, and there is just as much propriety in
our relieving them from loss by the robbery of
their own private funds as there is of this.
I am not undertaking to say that the proof
is not sufficient as to all the facts stated in this
report, but it seems to me that with every fact
fully established, it is not the duty of Congress
to afford relief in this and all similar cases.
Wo pay thom for these duties and should hold
them to a strict accountability.
Mr.. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
now yield two minutes to the gentleman irom
Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. I do not rise so much
for the purpose of opposing the bill reported
by the Committee of Claims as 1 do to make a
remark applicable to cases like this generally.
At common ia iv, as is well known, every <_ 'ticcr
;s responsible for funds or property ictrt;«ted
to his hands, for reasons which are very well
stated in the books.
It was supposed that there was some hard-
ship in this rule, and Congress on the 9th of
May. 1866, passed an act which provided that
the Court of Claims should have jurisdiction
to hear and determine the claims of any pay-
master, quartermaster, commissary of subsist-
ence, or other disbarsing officer of the Uni-
ted States, or his administrators or execu-
tors, for relief from responsibility on account
of losses by capture or otherwise, while in
the line of his duty, of Government funds,
vouchers, records, and papers in his charge,
and for which such officer is held responsible.
Now, it seems to me that if Congress shall
determine that it is wise to give relief in this
class of cases, it is better to give the Court
of Claims jurisdiction, so that they may hear
proof and so that both sides of the contro-
versy may be heard. I do not myself think
that any of this legislation is wise, but if re-
lief is to be granted, I submit to the gentle-
man who has charge of this bill, and to the
House, that it is better to provide by a gen-
eral law to give the Court of Claims jurisdic-
tion, where these questions can be much better,
much more fully investigated than they can
be here, and the Committee of Claims will be
relieved of the onerous duty of investigating
these claims. Every man here knows very
well that it is utterly impossible for a Com-
mitteeof Claims to fullyand thoroughly invest-
igate these cases where only one side is heard.
In the Court of Claims the Government is
represented by counsel, and it is made their
duty to investigate every case and furnish the
court with all the evidence which may be prop-
erly found applicable. I submit that this case
ia one of great importance, not so much be-
cause of the particular sum of money from
which it is proposed to relieve this officer, as
because of the general principle involved, which
we shall adopt if this bill shall pass. I simply
designed to call the attention of the House to
the subject, and I hope that on consideration
the committee having this bill in charge and
the House will determine that whatever relief
ought to be granted it would be better to grant
under a general law which the committee may
report for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
yield for two or three minutes to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Laplin.]
Mr. LAFLIN. This is a case affecting the
late collector of the district which I have the
honor to represent. It is a matter with which
I am thoroughly acquainted, and I stand per-
sonally responsible here, after the most care-
ful and thorough examination that I can give
to the matter, for all the facts or statements
of facts set forth in that report. The simple
question for the House to determine is this:
whether a public officer having fulfilled as far
as he had the power the obligations resting
upon him to preserve the stamps intrusted to
him, and having been robbed of the same in a
manner notorious to all the community, recog- *
nized by everybody, shall still be held l-espons-
ible to the Government for those stamps. It
is nothing more nor less than this ; and when
the gentleman wishes this matter to go to the
Court of Claims upon the ground that the Com-
mittee of Claims is unable to ascertain all the
facts of the case because the evidence would
be entirely upon one side, I wish to state here
to the House that I hope 1 have established a
sufficient character in this House to warrant
me in believing that the House will trust me
when I say that I would be as far as either the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] or
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
from indorsing any action on the part oi the
committee that would establish an unsa.e and
unwarrantable precedent. And it was a long
! i me after this petition was presented,. although
this collector is from my own district, that 1
was willing to press this matter before the
Committee of Claim'.
