646
TUB CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
But after I had examined all the facts in the
case, and had become perfectly satisfied that
there had been no opportunity for this man to
defraud the Government in any way, I went
before the Committee of Claims and did what
1 could to secure favorable action on hiselaim.
This was not done hastily ; I allowed the matter
to sleep during a portion of the Thirty-Ninth
and most of (he Fortieth Congresses. The com-
mittee were ready to report this bill just at the
closc of the Fortieth Congress. There were
two bills of this character; one was passed by
the House without opposition, and this only
failed because the morning hour expired. The
robbery happened at the same time in both
cases.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I will
briefly repeat the facts in this case. The col-
lector in this case kept, his stamps in the safest
possible place in town. The committee are
satisfied that the safe of the express company
was the best .safe in the town. There is no
bank there, and the officer did all he could to
protect the property of the Government. Un-
der these circumstances burglars broke open
the safe and stole the property of the Govern-
ment, there being no fault on the part of this
officer, he having done the best he could to
protect the property of the Government. The
committee believe that no business man would
hold his agent responsible for an hour under
like circumstances, and that the Government
cannot hold ifs officer responsible under like
circumstances. Therefore the committee have
reported this bill.
Mr. WELKKR. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. WASIIIiURN, of Massachusetts Cer-
tainly.
Mr. WE LICE II. I want to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Washburn]
whether this ease was submitted to the com-
mittee on sworn testimony'!
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Massachusetts. It.
was.
Mr. WKLKER. I desire to say that when
the Committer of Claims Wave investigated a
subject like this on sworn evidence I would
as leave concur in the recommendation of the
committee as to refer the matter to the Court
of Claims, considering the manner in which
that court, from want of time, is compelled to
consider and decide such cases.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I now
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the l)i 11 was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WA.SI1BURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
pissed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
  FREDERICK lillOSIVK.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
that the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the further consideration ol' the petition
and papers in the case of Frederick Brosive for
limber used by the Government, and that the
same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the report
accompanying the same ordered to be printed.
J. 0. LANK
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also
moved that the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition and papers in the case of J. G. Lane,
of Iowa, for compensation for property de
stroved by Indians, and that the same be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the report
accompanying the same ordered to be printed.
JAJ1ES F. SIJATTUCII.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also
moved that the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition and papers in the case of Lieutenant
James F. Shattueh for relief, and that the same
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to ; and the report
accompanying the same ordered to bo printed.
HARRIET K. CMN'J'ON.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill (H. R.'No.
887) for the relief of Harriet R. Clinton ;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third .time.
The bill, which was read at length, provides
that the Paymaster General of the Array shall
pay to Mrs. Harriet R. Clinton, widow of
Charles W. Clinton, late second lieutenant of
the first regiment of Wisconsin cavalry, out of
any money appropriated for the use of the pay
department, the sum of $724, for the military
service of her husband from October 1, 1803,
to March 20, 1804.
Mr. KELSKY and Mr. BENJAMIN called
for the reading of the report.
The report, was read. It states that Charles
W. Clinton was appointed and commissioned
by the Governor of Wisconsin second lieu-
tenant of company I, first regiment Wisconsin
cavalry, on the 1st of October, 18G3. lie was
immediately ordered on recruiting service, and
enlisted forty recruits previous to January 25,
18G1, his own company then numbering eighty-
four men. He was then ordered to M'urf'rocs-
boro', Tennessee, and on his way was taken
sick with typhoid fever or typhoid pneumonia.
Upon reaching Murfrcesboro', ho was so sick
that he was at once taken to Stanton hospital,
where he died on the 29lh of March, X80-1,
without having been mustered into the service
and without having been paid for the valuable
services he had rendered.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
theieof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. Being engrossed, it Was
accordingly read the third lime, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN M. liltOOMU \NO OTHERS
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a joint resolution
(II. ft. No. 121) for the relief of John M.
Broome and others, of the band of the twelfth
Kentucky infantry ; which was read a first and
second time.
Thojointresolution, which was read, recitesin
the preamble that John Martin Broome, leader
of the band of the twelfth regiment Kentucky
volunteer infantry, and Adam Shilling, Chris-
tian Kuboz, George Scott, and Rudolf Van-
deran, musiciansof thefirst class, GeorgeHoef-
linger, Peter Oehlschlager, John Eck, and
Philip Weiss, musicians of the second class,
and Alvis Berg, and Philip Hermann, (the last
named havingdied in hospital on:the31stMarch,
1802,) musicians of the third class, were enlisted
as the band of musicians of the twelfth Ken-
tucky infantry on the ad of January, 18G2, and
performed seivice and were discharged by the
authority of law and military regulations as the
band of said regiment on the 10th of September,
1802, without having been paid and without hav-
ing furnished to the War Department the proper
rolls of muster-iu and muster-out of service.
The resolution therefore directs the proper offi-
cers of the War and Treasury Departments
to allow to said musicians the same pay and
allow anees from the time of their enlistment
to the date of their discharge as though their
muster-rolls had been properly furnished and
were in all respects regular.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the reading of
the report.
The report was read.
Mr. COBB of Wisconsin. I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint, resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading. Being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recou-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
D. W. MARTINDALIS.
Mr. IIOLMAN, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversely upon the petition
of D. \V. Martindale, praying for compensa-
tion for property taken and destroyed by the
Government of the United States; which was
laid on the table.
JOHN POTTS.
Mr. IIOLMAN also, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back adversely a bill (H. R.
No, 234) for tho relief of John Potts; which
was laid on the table.
JOSBPII RKTZEMi,
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversely upon the petition
of Joseph Retzell, a citizen of West Virginia,
asking the passage of an act of Congress to pay
him for work and labor performed and mate-
rials, &c., furnished the United States during
the rebellion ; which was laid on the table.
■lOSKl'H IIARMON.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No. 888) for
the relief of Captain Joseph Harmon, fifth
Indiana cavalry ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, proposes to allow
to Joseph Harmon, late captain of the fifth
regiment of Indiana volunteer cavalry, the pay
of a captain of cavalry in the volunteer service
from July 20, 1864, to April 6,1865, deducting
the amount paid him as sergeant of cavalry in
the same regiment, for the same period; the
amount to be paid out of money appropriated
or to be appropriated for the payment of the
Army of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 ask that the report accom-
panying the bill be read.
The Clerk read the report. It states that it
appears from the memorial and the evidence
that Captain Harmon was promoted July 20,
1804, from the position of sergeant to that of
captain of company F, filling a proper vacancy ;
that he performed duty as such, was captured
on tho 31st of July following in the line of his
duty, and was imprisoned until his discharge
in the spring of 1865 ; that he was mustered as
captain from April 6, 1865, on the commission
of the Governor of Indiana, his capture and
imprisonment having prevented his being mus-
tered as such previously. The committee there-
fore recommend that he be allowed from July
20, 1864, to April 6,1805, the pay of a captain
of cavalry, deducting therefrom the amount paid
him for any lower grade of military service for
that period.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the previous
question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me.
Mr. HOLMAN. I "will after this bill has
been disposed of.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the hill war.
