648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
Scott, of Fayette county, Illinois; and the
same was referred to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
for the information of members, as cases are
all the time arising, that papers on the files of
the House which it is desired to have referred
to committees of the present Congress may be
withdrawn at the Clerk's desk. When it is
desired to withdraw papers entirely from the
files of the House leave of the House must be
granted upon open request.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask leave to make a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. BURDETT. I rise to a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bitudett] object to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania making a personal
explanation?
Mr. BURDETT. How much time does the
gentleman want ?
Mr. NEGLEY. About three minutes.
Mr. BURDETT. I do not object.
Mr. BROOKS, of Now York. Let me hear
what the personal explanation is about.
Mr. NEGLEY. It is in relation to remarks
of a member made upon this floor in reference
to the character and reputation of my prede-
cessor and the honor and integrity of my con-
stituents. I desire to make no attack. I wish
to have read an article from a paper.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. NEGLEY. Mr. Speaker, during my
absence, and when members upon the other
side of the House were enjoying a confession
of faith, the member from the Luzerne district
[Mr. Woodward] went far out of his way to
attack my predecessor, General Moorhead, and
the honor and integrity of my constituents.
What motives prompted him at that time to
make that attack I am at a loss to know. Sub-
sequently, however, he repented and attempted
to make an apology for that attack ; both times
during my absence upon another line of duty.
L desire to have read an article in the Pittsburg
Daily Post, the only Democratic daily paper
in western Pennsylvania, a very respectable
journal, published by an editor who is always
willing and anxious to do justice between
parties.
The Clerk read as follows:
"About repudiation in 185S.—AVhcn, somo days
mik!(\ we wrote a tew linos to .^ay that (Hon era! Moor-
head wa.s 'not a ropurtiatoi' in we had no
idea that it would be necessary to rotor to the sub-
ject again. But it seems that a mere ppark luus
kiudlud a considerable name, and we loci compelled
t«> 'assist' in elucidating what .should not be but
which seems to bo a ditiieuit fine- tion,
" Judge Woodward has seen proper to make what
tliey call in CongresH an 'explanation' about, the
mattei—but it is evident that, m the .ludge'h vocab-
ulary, 4explanation' does not remotely mean *j*e-
tiactioiu' The allegation ot Judgo Wgoowakd was
liiat 'General Moorhead could not get elected to
Congress until he turned repudiator and ran upon
the repudiation ticket. It was necessary for him to
stump the country as a repudiatur before ho could
.secure his election.
" IS'ow here is a charge as clear and direct as was ever
laid in any indictment, and the only atonement that
could be made to General Moorhead, if it could not
be proven, was its brief and explicit retraction. Bat
Judge Woodward simply 'explains' that he did
not believe Ucneral Moorhead was a 'repudiator at
heart' hko Thomas Williams, but *a repudiator in
tact, who was adroit enough as a politician to pccuro
tho suffrages of his fellow-citizens without sym-
pathizing m the overmastering passion which agi-
tated the masses' [in favor of repudiation.]
" Of courso it was to bo presumed that when Judge
"V\ oodwaud asked leave to 'explain' hehad something
to withdraw or to modify, but surely there is nothing
withdrawn or retracted or restated or modified in his
remarks; nothing but that he thought the matter im-
portant enough to be recalled. Now, as the repu-
diation contest in Alleghany county was one ' all of
which we saw, part of which we were,' as our news-
paper was the only ono of any party which, disregard-
ing the clamor of the hour, took and maintained ten-
able ground on the question and stood throughout
upon tho safe and honest footing to which all parties
returned at last, and as we were especially perse-
cuted as an editor, as a politician, and a? a citizen in
this behalf,we must bo allowed to *UUe our ' expe-
rience.'
''And first we will piemi-Tfbnt a -J n'K'eWrmnwARD
has tilled exalted and judicial positions lor thirty
years of his life it is not singular if with his nat-
urally decidcd cast of mind ho should have, fallen
into dogmatic habits in uttering his necessarily un-
disputed charges, orders, and opinions. But when
tho judge is changed into tho legislator we have a
right to expect that all his statements shail, if oqually
positive and dogmatic, be equally accurate and un-
impeachable in law, in fact, and in history."
" These men are old enough and they ought to be
wise enough to know that defamation is not argu-
ment.
"In all that we have said in this matter we havo
no desiro whatever to foment ill-will, or to fan a
mevo misunderstanding into aflame. We have no
doubt that Judgo AVoodwabd would feel as much
pain in doing injustice to Ueneral Moorhead as the
latter wouldin boing tho victim of injustice at the
hands of his old friend. But thoro lias boon a
mistake. General Moorhead was not the candi-
date of avowed repudiators in 1858, and he is natu-
rally sensitive when accused of that transgression,
feeling probably that the sins for which ho is
clearly accountable aro as much as ho oan con-
veniently bear. Wo havo no disposition to hold
General Moorhead culpablo when we have every
means of knowing the facts and are confident that
thoro is no proof of his guilt. Unfortunately there
are thousandswho must ho forever hold to bo worthy
of punishment, but wo do not think General Moor-
head is one of them, and wo see no reason why he
should not bo hold guiltless, especially when the
charge is made by ono who only happenod to bo horo
in tho city closely engaged in public businoss for
throe or lour weeks in each year, and who admits
that his information is mado upon 'rumor' only.
Gonoral Moorhead is dourly innocentof the charge
preforred. lie should bo acquitted without tho jury's
leaving tho box, and ho should bo discharged by
proclamation."
Mr. WOODWARD. 1 would inquire whether
this is the personal explanation the gentleman
rose to make ?
Mr. NEGLEY. Yes.
Mr. WOODWARD. Personal to whom ?
Mr. NEGLEY. To explain why at the
lime tho gentleman made his remarks I did
not defend the reputation of my predecessor,
Mr. Moorhead, and the integrity of my con-
stituents.
Mr. WOODWARD. It must be apparent to
this House that under pretense of a personal
explanation this opportunity has been im-
proved to have read from a newspaper a per-
sonal attack on me.
Mr. NEGLEY. If it is it comes from the
gentleman's own party. 1 stated distinctly
my object when I arose. I have not done this
under any pretext.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woommtn] must be aware that
under tho rules of the House when liberty is
granted to make a personal explanation quite
an extended latitude of remark is always
allowed.
Mr. WOODWAUIX I propose to reply to
the personal explanation of the gentleman.
'1 lie SPEAKER. Is there objection ?
No objection was made.
Mr. WOODWARD. On the day when the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mitxujsn] brought
the subject of repudiation before this House
you way remember, Mr. Speaker, that 1 was
drawn quite unexpectedly into an impromptu
speech on the subject. 1 said my say and then
sat down.
My colleague from the Erie district [Mr.
Scofield] then arose and interrogated me.
The purport of his question was whether in the
county of Alleghany repudiation was not com-
mon to both parties instead of being confined
to the Republican party. I assented to his
interrogatory, and said such was the fact. In
illustration 1 mentioned that when Mr. Moor-
head, our lato colleague on the floor of this
House, desired to be elected to'Congress—as
1 am reported by the reporters, and perhaps cor-
rectly; 1 do not say 1 wasincorreetly reported—
I said that he was obliged to turn repudiator
and run upon the repudiation ticket in order
to be reelected to Congress. That was the pur-
port of my answer. I had not alluded to Mr.
Moorhead in anything I said about repudiation.
My allusion to him was in answer to the in-
terrogatory cf the gentleman from the Brie dis-
trict. This was just before the holiday reces3.
During the recess 1 saw some complaint of
what J had said in tlie Pittsburg Post., a Dem-
ocratic paper which seems to be amazingly
in sympathy with General Moorhead. And
when I returned here, upon referring to the
Globe I found that the words there imputed
to me did not express the thought I intended to
convey to the House. Therefore I sought an
opportunity to make what was strictly a per-
sonal explanation. I explicated from the words
attributed to me the genuine and real idea
which I had intended to convey to the House.
And if I had a copy of the Globe here contain-
ing my explanation I would ask the Clerk to
read it as containing the very thought I in-
tended to express in answer to the interrog-
atory of my colleague, and perhaps the words
I first used ought to be understood as convey-
ing that thought.
Now, what was that thought? It was, as I
now take great pleasure in repeating, that
General Moorhead never was a repudiator.
Why, sir, I knew thatfaet better than the gen-
tleman who has just assailed me. I knew that
General Moorhead was never a repudiator in
fact; therefore in those explanatory observa-
tions I said that both the instinct and interest
of General Moorhead were opposed to repudi-
ation. But he was taken up and elected to Con-
gress by the repudiators, and he was kept here
some ten years by a community which never
was so united on any other question as upon
the question of repudiation. There was the
bold, broad fact standing out that General
Moorhead, not a repudiator in fact, had con-
ciliated the repudiators, had run on the repu-
diation ticket, and had thus been elected to
Congress. That is what I intended to say;
that was the purport of my explanation ; that
is what I repeat now, and all the represent-
atives of Pittsburg, whether on this floor or in
the printing offices, cannot alter that fact, nor
can they induce me to misstate it. The fact
stands recorded, and General Moorhead must
face it, as every man must face the facts of his
own record.
This is the substance of my former allega-
tion ; this is what 1 intended to say; this is
what I ultimately did say; this is what I am
responsible for. I am responsible for that only
to General Moorhead and the people of his
district. This miserable assault which has
been made upon me here under the pretense
ofa " personal explanation" may gratify Gen-
eral Morehead's vanity, but it cannot alter the
fact of the case that General Moorhead was
the chosen representative of the repudiators
of tho county of Alleghany, he himself never
being a repudiator. That was the allegation
I made; that is the allegation I repeat; and
no man born of woman can successfully con-
tradict that allegation.
order of business.
Mr. BURDETT resumed the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bukdett] yield
to me?
Mr. BURDETT. For what purpose?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desiro
to move that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
know whether the gentleman from Missouri has
the right to yield for that purpose. He took
the floor on a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. Of course the gentleman
has the right to yield for any purpose if he
chooses to surrender the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. Then he surrenders tho
floor?
The SPEAKER. Of course he does if he
yields for a motion t,o go into the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. RANDALL, Then he will not have
the right to resume it?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri yield to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts?
Mr. BURDETT. I do.
