1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
raent of the business of the Atlantic States, the
unsettling of investments, and the withdrawal
of a considerable amount of currency from its
old channels, producing a stringency in the
money market. Whenthetest votes were taken
upon the measure those States having the very
greatest redundancy of this currency voted in
solid column to retain it, notwithstanding they
had argued and striven for contraction with ap-
parent candor and sincerity. When the measure
was brought home these States suddenly found
that contraction was not the sovereign remedy
for our financial ills, and repudiated heartily
the medicine they had been offering so freely
to the whole nation. They were, it was found,
not in favor of contraction as an abstract prin-
ciple, but in favor of it in such a shape as would
result in the bankruptcy of one portion of the
Union, leaving their own part as the survivors
to administer upon the insolvent's estates. If
contraction would injure those States having
a redundant circulation, how much more would
it injure those having an insufficient amount?
These latter States desired expansion. The
measure proposed would give this in a limited
degree; and had the States whose Representa-
tives had urged contraction stood squarely for
that doctrine both sides might have been
pleased and accommodated.
But now after these votes it may safely be
said that there is no section that favors con-
traction. The Atlantic States north of Vir-
ginia having ยง242,000,000 bank paper circula-
tion, while all the balance hadbut $58,000,000,
held on with iron grasp to their currency, and
this day hold it, unwilling to relinquish a dol-
lar, although the West and South have clam-
ored for relief, and have suffered in every
branch of business from the scarcity of money.
After these votes are we to be told that the
East favors contraction ? Is that cry again and
again to be rung in our ears when we know by
their votes and acts that they favor a redundant
paper currency? Now, they have a bank cir-
culation of more than twenty dollars to the
head beside the legal tenders, which may be
counted at ten dollars more to the head. Yet
this is not too much for them in their own
judgment.
The facts show that it is not too much.
When was that section of the country more
prosperous? When did cities and towns grow
more rapidly? When were farms and farm-
lands more valuable ? When were mills and
factories more remunerative ? When were rail-
roads and canals and the entire transportation
interests of that region in better paying condi-
tion ? Do we hear the men of Massachusetts,
Connecticut, New York, and Pennsylvania
complaining of hard times. Has not the
growth and prosperity there been unexam-
pled? And yet they have had this curse of
a redundant, irredeemable, dishonored, pro-
tested currency!
If this dishonored paper currency is good for
that region it is good for ns. What is their
meat is not our poison. We have no more or
greater dread of this kind of money than they
have. And we believe that if we had dollar
for dollar what they have the country would
be more prosperous, more powerful, more
wealthy, better able to pay taxes, better able
to pay debts, private and public, domestic and
foreign. Why not? Why can the man in Bos-
ton make a better use of a paper dollar than
the man in Chicago ? Is there a virtue in lat-
itudes or longitudes? Have we guardians in
finances whose duty it is to handle carefully
these dangerous paper dollars for us lest we
should burn our fingers with them ? It would
seem so.
The sentiment of this country is in favor of
expansion. The East has an inflated paper cur-
rency, will not surrender it, and the West and
South want and demand just as much as the
East; not one dollar more, not one. And they
will have it. There is no reason why they should
not. All the clamor against an expansion of
the currency falls instantly dead before the.
experience of the past five years. Theorize
as much as you will about specie payments,
dream as much as you will about resumption,
declaim as much as you will about the cur-
rency of the world, the great living, breath-
ing, uncontradicted fact of the prosperity of
the States which have this inflated, redundant
paper currency breaks down and buries forever
all such conclusions. The Atlantic States
know the importance in their daily business
of paper money, and will never willingly sur-
render it.
Feeling the force of this argument the plan
of some now resorted to is to retain their own
circulation and allow free or unrestricted bank-
ing upon the present basis. This, it is said,
will give currency enough to the South and
West. The danger is that it will give too much ;
for with the present pressure for additional
circulation a very large number of banks will
be established and a flood of paper money
issued ; an enormous expansion may ensue,
and the resultant fluctuations in the value of
all things accompany it. This will inevitably
be the result upon the present basis of banking
with a circulation redeemable in legal-tenders.
For with the present amount of legal-tender
circulation rt bank bill is held to be equal to a
legal-tender note, and there is no special de-
mand for the latter for any purpose whatever.
Free banking upon the present basis would
be the most unlimited measureof paper expan-
sion possible and cannot be thought of seri-
ously as a feasible plan, although certain gen-
tlemen who have sung the syren song of con-
traction would prefer it to ji redistribution of
the national currency, depriving them of a por-
tion of their old time-profits. Free banking on
this plan is the very antipodes of contraction.
The free banking system was before the war
adopted in certain States, and no limit fixed to
the circulation; the result in some States was
the most extraordinary inflations of currency,
then fluctuations, then the breaking of banks,
the bankruptcy of traders, great losses to the
people, and an utter destruction of all healthy
business. I cannot forget the disasters brought
upon the people of the West by the free bank-
ing systems of Indiana and Illinois in 1854,
1855,1856, and 1857. Many millions were lost.
I see the same evils ahead of us now with a
system of free bank issues redeemable in paper.
On the other hand, to divert the attention
by the sound of a glittering name, certain
gentlemen propose a system of free banking
with the issues redeemable in gold. This would
result in just as great a proportional con-
traction of the currency; for with a provision
of law requiring all national banks to redeem
their issues in coin, giving all banks and per-
sons the liberty to issue alike, the result would
be that existing banks, to avoid ruin, would at
once begin to withdraw their circulation for
fear of being compelled to redeem it with gold
at a premium. The scarcity of coin would
prevent the possibility of redemption; gold
would go up, paper money become scarcer and
scarcer, and instead of free banking we would
have free bankruptcy. These gentlemen who
propose this kind of free banking propose also
to withdraw legal tenders at the same lime and
substitute for them bank notes, thus making
it a double engine of contraction, cutting down
on one side bank notes and on the other legal-
tenders. Of all the systems or schemes of
contraction this is the most sweeping, radical,
and dangerous ; better a thousand tunes con-
tract at the rate of ten millions a month in
the Treasury than to set this double-geared
engine of oppression at work to emasculate
and eviscerate the business of the country.
Withdraw ยง355,000,000 of greenbacks and
put out that amount in bank notes, mak-
ing $673,000,000 of bank notes, and how
long could we maintain specie payment with
$150,000,000 of gold in the country and a con-
stant demand for every dollar of it in the Treas-
ury every year for duties on imports, an ever-
living demand keeping np the price, always
holding buyers in the market for it? If .it were
possible to make the substitution then at once
the effectwould be disastrous, resumption and
redemption would cease in less than thirty
days, and in the end gold would go up and
paper down, and contraction with ruin would
follow.
How much better would it be if the work of
substitution should be gradual ? Contraction
would begin and substitution would follow itj
and when the work was done there would be
no legal-tenders and but few bank notes, the
little gold now in the country would beheld to
balance an equal amount of bank notes, and
we would have a currency of about three hun-
dred millions, half coin and half paper. But
even if the currency were just half and half we
have no assurance that gold would not even
then bear a marked premium, and, on account
of its scarcity and the fact that it is preferred
for the payment of interest on the debt, con-
tinue at a premium regularly.
The shifts and expedients to avoid redistri-
bution do not end here. It is proposed to allow
to the West and South an additional amount
of bank circulation upon the present basis, fix-
ing a definite amount. This plan, if the amount
be considerable enough to afford banking facil-
ities, is preferable to the so-called systems of
free banking. A hundred millions allowed to
the unsupplied region would give substantial
aid, and would not then put them upon an
equality with the older States. The advantage
of this plan is that the amount of expansion is
exactly known and established, and always will
be subject to legislative control, fluctuations
will not be likelyto ensue, and everything con-
nected with it can be made a matter of accu-
rate calculation. One hundred and fifty-two
millions of bank circulation for all the South
and all the West, compared with $242,000,000
for the eastern and middle States, would not
be an equal proportion, but would approximate
the result desired.
But a more desirable method than either
would be to issue from the Treasury $100,-
000,000 more of legal-tendess, and take up
their value in six per cent, bonds ; thus sav-
ing the interest on these bonds, no little tax
for the blessing of a circulation that will not
pay debts, which is not a legal-tender, which
is made good by the promises of the Govern-
ment on the bonded basis and in the indorse-
ment on the bill. Who can demonstrate that
one dollar of bank circulation is equal to a
dollar of legal-tender money ? Who dare say
that that which will not pay debts is as good
or better than that which will pay debts? And
yet this is what the man says who prefers a
bank note that will not pay debts to a legal-
tender which will. He says it, too, when he
knows full well that the legal-tendereosts noth-
ing and that the bank note costs every year
six per cent, in gold. Which, then, in the
eye of common sense is the better currency,
the legal-tender or the bank note? Can any
one hesitate for a moment? Can any man of
common understanding look up and say I prefer
the costly bank note which will not pay a debt
to the cheap greenback that will?
But the advocate of contraction will say at
once it is this very legal-tender quality that I
dislike, that I want to get rid of. I want to
come down to the hard-pan, to hard money,
to a smaller volume of currency, to lower
prices, to cheaper wages, to the world's stand-
ard for work and property. Frank and manly
man! You are, indeed, for contraction and
you dare say so. You believe we are on the
eve of bankruptcy and ruin and you want
to bring it on at once and be done with it.
You do not want the people to have anything
to pay debts with but coin, and if they cannot
get that you want them to go to the wall, break
up, and so quit business. Legal-tenders to you
are a nuisance, are an obstruction between you
and your debtors. You would clear this barrier
away at once so that you can devour them.
While gold is as scarce as it is now in our
