1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m?
and in the second place, if our business men
must borrow they can do it just as well under
a free banking system as a purely coin cur-
rency. Borrowed money is the same in either
condition,must be withdrawn, and is not strictly
and legitimately a part of the circulating me-
dium of a nation. A borrowed currency is
neither elastic nor permanent, will not .stay
borrowed.
The attempt to create an elastic currency
by receiving it into the Treasury and issuing
therefor three or four per cent, bonds is a
miserable device to aid lazy money holders. It
is nothing more nor less than the Government
paying interest on deposits. Suppose the Gov-
ernment should offef to rent all the empty
houses, how much sillier would it be than to
offer interest on all the idle dollars ? If either
kind of property ought to be favored it would
seem more reasonable to rent the houses. And
if the Government goes into the renting of
empty houses, why not hire the idle men and
•horses, and so make all branches of business
elastic?
In view of the history of the country since the
war I do not hesitate to say thatthe very fact that
our legal-tender currency was non-elastic and
non-exportable,and that the bank-note currency
founded upon and redeemable in it was of the
-same nature, has been among their greatest
virtues. The bankers of Europe have not been
able to interfere with us. Our currency has
not been drawn off at times when we needed it.
The supply, if not sufficient, has at least been
regular, and but for a needless and profitless
contraction of about one fifth of the volume
would have met the demands of our business
men.
Abundance is a much more dasirable quality
than elasticity, is not a fiiunont of the brain,
is an appreciable fact, and is as distinct from
an excess of currency as the full, strong, clear,
and powerful stream is from the current over-
flowing its channels, tearing away improve-
ments and destroying property and life. An
abundant currency makes low rates of inter-
est ; too great an excess, like too great a
scarcity, makes them high, for in both in-
stances money becomes a mere tool for specu-
lators. The test is easily applied. Whenever
business men cannot get money at reasonable
rates for legitimate transactions, and specula-
tive transactions are few, it may be safely said
that money is too scarce. There ought always
to be enough of the circulating medium to do
ordinary business. At present there is not.
Money cannot be had for any price to handle
the produce of the West and South this year,
and the scarcity is a chronic evil. Speculations
are infrequent.
We must have more currency. We cannot
afford to pay the enormous rates of interest we
have been paying. We do not demand the
currency for speculation. It is absolutely
needed every day in handling our business.
Look at the daily financial reports for the past
year.
It will be time to stop expansion when our
business men get some relief, not till then.
Speculations arising from mere expansion in a
moderate degree will be few. To expand with
moderation is the part of wisdom. To launch
into a wholesale system of free banking with
paper redemption is to go out upon the illimit-
able ocean of speculation without chart or
compass. To expand in a sum certain is the
_only safe plan. Then our business men. can
make their calculations upon it. If prices are
to go up they can approximate them. Our
safety in the present and in the past, with the
irredeemable paper currency we have, has been
in the fact that its exact amount has been
kuown of all men. Better in my judgment to
know the possibility of a corner and be able
to anticipate and prevent it than live in con-
stant apprehension of evils which we cannot
conquer because we cannot grasp them.
The comparative steadiness in the values of
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 42.
our paper currency for three years past is due
to the fact that all the world knew just how
much we had out. There was no doubt or ap-
prehension as to the amount, no fears of enor-
mous overissues on the part of the bondholder,
and none of sudden and great contractions
on the part of the trader. The amount of
$690,000,000 of legal-tenders, fractional cur-
rency, and bank notes has stood still for a year
past, and there have been no fluctuations, but
a steady rise in the value of currency. The
only corner, the only terror, the only ruin has
been connected with gold.
The choice will have to be made if it be
deemed best to enlarge our circulation between
legal-tenders and bank notes. And as a final
and conclusive argument against expansion in
legal-tenders in any great amount and in favor
of the issue of bank notes, it is said that sec-
tion second of the act of June 30, 1864, "to
provide ways and means for the support of the
Government and for other purposes," forbids
an issue of United States notes in excess of
$400,000,000. This is announced to be the
utmost limit of legal-tender expansion. And
my good friend from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoll,]
in view of this, has introduced a bill to add
just $44,000,000 to our present amount of
$356,000,000 of legal tenders, as if the number
$400,000,000 as applied to this matter was in
its nature inviolable, immutable, and irrepeal-
able. Let us examine it a moment.
The object of this provision was to prevent
the depreciation of the bonds about to be
thrown upon the market by an over issue of
legal-tender notes. This was no doubt wisely
provided at the time. But it may be well ques-
tioned whether the reasons that operated to
cause its enactment have not entirely ceased.
The law was enacted during the war, while the
very existence of the Government was in peril
and its credit of course somewhat weakened.
Now we are at peace, victorious, with a recon-
structed Union, and pursuing a prosperous
career. Now our credit is good. Then it was
supposed that our paper currency was ample.
Now it is known that it is not. It is now pro-
posed to put the promises of the Government
as an indorser upon an indefinite amount of
bank notes. This is held to be no breach of
faith, no measure of depreciation, no blow at
our credit, no harm to the bondholder. It is a
time-honored maxim "that when the reason
of the law ceases the law itself ceases." If we
can put our national name on the back of the
bank notes ad libitum, why cannot we put it
on the face of the greenback? How much
more is our credit affected in the one case as a
nation than in the other? Iftheoneis secured
by the bonds deposited, the other is secured
by the bonds taken up and redeemed. If the
one can be paid off by the sale of these bonds,
the other can be by the reissue of those can-
celed for legal-tenders. In either event the
very same amount of bonds are used.
The law of 1864, like any other law, may be
repealed, and surely when the reason for its en-
actment and continuance have ceased it should
be taken from the statute-book. It certainly
is clothed with no peculiar sancity and is not
in the nature of a contract or compact, and in
its very essence cannot be.
There would seem, then, to be no real legal
impediment in the way of an expansion of legal-
tenders. The real difficulty would be in de-
termining the true amount, and Ln point of fact
this could only be approximated. The same
difficulty would be experienced with a gold cur-
rency, with this additional hardship, thai, the
drain of the whole world upon us and all its
fluctuations would affect us.
If, then, we must expand the paper currency
it were far better to do so with legal-tender
notes.
In addition to all other arguments of the con-
tractionists, history has been appealed to as
establishing irrefutably the redundancy of our
currency.
The Comptroller of .the Currency and the
Special Commissioner of the Revenue, able
representative men of that school, state there
was no limit to the amount of circulation banks
might issue before the war, and the total issues
were but a little in excess of two hundred mil
lion dollars. The argument-derived from this
statement is that there being no limit to paper
issues in a healthy financial condition, and
there having been but about two hundred mil-
lions of currency issued, that that is near the
true amount of such circulation now demanded
by business. The Special Commissioner says
that—
" The excess of the present currency is also proved
by the further fact thattho amount of currency in
circulation has been arbitrarily increased during the
past eight years considerably more than twofold."
Now, neither of these positions are founded
in fact.
There never was a time when the bank issues
of this country were unlimited. Some States
allowed banking privileges and gave charters,
some refused them entirely, others granted
them in a limited amount, otherswere free.
The fact is, free banking was not a universal
thing. Their issues were limited by law very
greatly. State banks were restricted to a cer-
tain amount of issues; and there was a vast
number of banks with special charters, fixing
the amount of their circulation.. But there
was another limit upon the circulation of these
banks, stronger than anything that could be
printed in the statute-book; it was the limit
of credit. _ Hundreds of banks rested upon
their individual credit, and though perfectly
solvent their bills were worthless a few miles
away from home. State, and even county
lines bounded the region of their circulation,
and no power could carry them beyond. To
assert that there was no limitation to bank-
note circulation before the war, with these
facts staring one in the face, seems to be a
monstrous absurdity. The truth is we have
never had a test applied to the business of this
country as to the amount of paper currency
actually needed, and never can have with
mere local banks. Our present system is but
a partial test, and so far as applied indicates
an insufficiency in volume. Bank bills are
not now, as in former times, assorted and sent
home for redemption, but continue in circula-
tion because of the system which gives them
credit in any corner of the Union. And this
credit thus established, giving facilities to cir-
culation, is called "an arbitrary increase."
There is an arbitrary demand for this and every
other kind of currency, which calls out into
circulation every dollar which the law will
allow to be issued. It is an increase just about
as arbitrary as the running of water down hill.
No force is needed.
The Commissioner says:
" In the twenty-five years which elapsed from 1835
to I860, the paper circulation of the country, left freo
and untrammeled to expand itself, increased from
$103,000,000 to $207,0000,000, or at the rate of four and
thirty-six hundredths per cent, per annum. Now,
should the future demand continue to increase in tho
same ratio it would require the lapse of forty years
from 1860, or until tho year 1900, to bring the wants of
the country up to the present supply."
Now, here are his facts, and this is the argu-
ment of the Commissioner who has made the
boldest, frankest, and ablest contest against the
paper-money legal-tender system. This is the
strong position of that side; thw their im-
pregnable fortress of facts. This is the great
irrefutable argument of experience 5 and it is
not worth a straw.
In the twenty-five years named, from 1885
to 1860, the history of paper money in this
country is as full of fiction as the Arabian
Nights, and yet is as true as gospel. Who
can recount the long roll of shinplasters that
flooded the land from time to time? _ Wildcat,
reddog, bluepup, whitedog, old scrip, green
scrip, individual notes, insurance company
notes, plank-road notes, railroad notes, canal
notes, eounty orders, city orders, State notess
