658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
free bank notes, thicker "than leaves in Val-
lambrosa," filled the channels of business
everywhere. Banks in New England sent mil-
lions out West under contracts to keep their
paper there in circulation for fixed periods.
Banks were hid away in the woods or swamps
issuing tens and even hundreds of thousands
of dollars, and sending this stuff many miles
away, in hopes that it would float about and
not come home for redemption. Charters for
banks were gotten in distant States and carried
away out West and planted there to build up
the healthy circulation the country had before
the war. Some notes were worth their face,
and ranged from this down to nothing. It was
said that in Michigan the rule of barter was
bushel for bushel, money for produce.
The people of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michi-
gan, Missouri, andthe West lost many millions
by this legitimate "free and untrammeled"
expansion of paper money.
And this experience with paper money is
referred to as an instance of a healthy, regular,
fair, and legitimate growth of the paper circu-
lation of the country! In Indiana we had a
general smash of banks in 1855; we had a
terrible blow up in 1857 ; we had tight times
just before the war, and never had so good a
paper currency for all purposes as we have
now. And this is true of the neighboring
States, particularly those west.
From the best data I can obtain the bank-
ing systems of the States which had them prior
to the war were irregular, insufficient, and
some of them poorly guarded ; while other
States allowed no banks within their borders.
Some banks were founded on a specie basis,
some on a safety fund, and others, which were
called free, on the deposit of stocks. There
was no system, no common understanding, no
uniformity ; some banks issued largely and
their money was ofa poor quality; country banks
were discredited in the cities; when the great
banks contracted the small ones expanded,
and then came the day of reckoning, of the
assorting bills, the suspension of the weak in-
stitutions, and the losses, confusion, failures,
and bankruptcy of innocent parties.
The banks of New England wore founded
on a specie basis, and the circulation in the
model State, Massachusetts, was limited to
twenty-five per cent, beyond the amount of
paid-up capital. Our history furnishes no par-
allel to the solvency, safety, and usefulness of
these banks. Time and again, when bank-
ruptcy was shaking the land as an earthquake,
they stood firm. The free banking system
never met with favor or success in New Eng-
land.
[11 New York the free banking system pre-
vailed, and was comparatively successful when
we regard that system in other States.
The banking of Pennsylvania has been
mainly done under special charters, and can
in no sense be called free and unlimited.
There was a free banking law, but so restricted
as that it amounted to little compared with
banks having special charters.
In Maryland the State bank had a special
charter; issues of circulation were limited to
bills of five dollars and over, and an individual
liability clause to the amount of stock owned
attached to stockholders, thus imposing re-
strictions upon circulation.
The system of New Jersey was mongrel.
Special charters were granted to some twenty-
four regular banks, and a free banking sys-
tem in addition was provided which proved
to be a nuisance. Under it a large amount of
currency was issued, which soon became de-
preciated and was finally withdrawn.
Delaware had a State bank on a specie basis.
Ohio had a safety-fund system with some
forty-two branches as one form ; also, an inde-
pendentbank system with limited capital; also,
a free banking system, which met with disaster
by loss of plates by theft. None of these sys-
tems were popular. Tax laws in 1852 almost
annihilated the Ohio banks. The State had
very little circulation of its own for years
within its borders; Kentucky, Tennessee, In-
diana, Illinois, Virginia, and Louisiana sup-
plied the vacancy. In addition, the personal
liability clause attached to stockholders was a
great impediment.
Indiana had from 1832 to 1855 a State bank
of some three millions capital, a most excel-
lent institution. In 1852 a free bank law was
passed which was poorly guarded, and the con-
sequence was that a large amount of circula-
tion insufficiently secured was issued—some
nine million dollars. Banks were located in
the woods, in out of the way places, having lit-
tle property and no money. There were ninety-
four of these banks, and fifty-one of them sus-
pended, the billholders losing many of them
a half, two thirds, and three fourths of the face
of the notes. The system soon broke down,
the currency was withdrawn, and a new and
solvent State bank with $6,000,000 capital
substituted.
In Illinois the first State bank that went into
operation had a nominal capital of $500,000,
but a real capital of some office furniture and
bank-note plates; the notes began to depreciate
after issue and soon became worthless. The
next State bank went into liquidation in 1842,
a few years after its creation. The State had
no banks from that time till 1851, when a free
banking system was adopted; a portion of the
banks being solvent, others circulated bills
depreciated to from ten to seventy-five per
cent, of their face.
Michigan had a mongrel system of special
charter banks and free banks; Iowa had no
banks worth naming; Wisconsin had a free
banking system of limited extent. I11 Ken-
tucky before 1834 the banks inflicted great
losses on the people by their insolvency or bad
management. After this time the Northern,
the Southern, the Kentucky, and the Louisville
banks, under special charters, did well, were
solvent, and furnished from ten to thirteen
million dollars of good circulation for the peo-
ple of that and the near neighboring States.
Tennessee had specially chartered banks—a
State bank and some stock banks, and a free
banking system, which met with little favor.
At an early day the people suffered by their
bad management. The banks of Tennessee
had a limited credit out of the State, but at
home furnished a fair currency. Missouri had
a State bank with five branches, with fair credit
and some two and a half millions of circula-
tion. The Bank of Arkansas went down; it
never did much business. Mississippi furnishes
the most extraordinary specimen of extrava-
gance in this business. In 1840 the eighteen
banks of this State had in the aggregate a cap-
ital of $30,000,000,acirculationof$15,000,000,
and loans amounting to $48,000,000 in round
numbers. In 1850 there was one bank with an
unpaid capital not worth reporting and no loans.
Louisiana had for its population immense
banking capital as far back as 1S3G; some
thirty-two million of it were paid up, which ran
down till in 1856 there were but about fifteen
millions of bank capital. Specie was abundant
here, commerce brisk, and no losses occurred
from circulation. The banks of Alabama prior
to 1841 had quite a large circulation, some
seven millions; but interfering legislation cut
it down almost entirely. The banks of Vir-
ginia were at first under special charters, and
in 1851 became free, furnishing some fourteen
millions of circulation without loss to the peo-
ple. North Carolina had banks with special
charters and a capital of some six million dol-
lars safely managed. The banks of South
Carolina, ten in number, under special char-
ters, in 183G had some eight million of capital,
and increased up to nineteen in number, hav-
ing sixteen millions of capital and seven mil-
lions of circulation, safely managed.
The ten banks of Georgia in 1830 increased
to twenty-one in 1855, and the capital rose from
four to thirteen millions in round numbers, and
the circulation from three to seven millions,
without loss. This was done under special
charters. Florida in 1838 had banks with a
capital of some two millions and a circulation
of about eight hundred thousand dollars, which
proved worthless and found no successors.
California had her banks based upon specie and
bullion and dealing in coin. Minnesota, Ne-
braska, Kansas, Texas, Oregon, and Nevada
have not been taken into the account.
Here, then, we see this mongrel illustrated
circulation before the war; some of it excel-
lent, some of it passable, some of it at a dis-
count, some of it worthless; none of it good
all over the country ; the very best looked at
with suspicion a few hundred miles from home.
We find under this old system that the best
banks were at points where the tide of gold was
brought in by foreign trade or from the mines,
asat Boston, New York, New Orleans, Charles-
ton, and San Francisco. These few points
uader that system could breast the storm. And
here there was something like free banking in
very deed. But nowhere else. The name,
"free banking" was an empty name almost
everywhere else, and had in many cases better
been "freebankruptcy."
I say, then, fearlessly, in-^iew of all the facts,
that we never have had an unlimited paper cir-
culation ; that we have never had an approach
to it; that our banks have been, before the war,
hampered by narrow and illiberal charters; by
senseless restrictions; by oppressive taxes; by
burdensome impositions; by a lack of credit
from their isolated position ; by the individual
folly of their officers; by speculations, by frauds,
and by wanton violations of the law until paper
money in many communities was an object of
scorn, was scouted as shinplasters, rags, trash ;
and yet in the face of this we are told that the
experiment has been made and that the fair
and legitimate demands of the country, upon a
fair trial, amount to the sum of $207,000,000.
You had as well tell me that the soldier who
has lived on half rations of hard-tack and fat
meat and whipped the enemy demands no more
generous food at home with his family, and that
the laws of health require him to be confined
to this rough diet simply because he survived
the trial.
No fair test has been applied upon this sub-
ject. Before the war at all times our cur-
rency lacked uniformity, permanency, regu-
larity, and sound credit. Good, bad, and
indifferent notes were mixed together. Banks
were continually assorting, and the carpet-
bagger was abroad in the land gathering up
and running home their notes.
The great banks when necessary to exist-
ence devoured the little ones, and these in
turn warred on their masters. The State
banks fought the local banks ; they fought the
brokers, and they the shavers and carpet-
baggers, and vice versa. Like the fleas in the
old rhyme:
" Great fleas have little flens,
And these have less to bite 'em.
And these fieas have smaller fleas,
And so ad infinitum."
The war was perpetual and deadly, and it
seemed to be the normal condition of affairs.
IIow well does the present system compare
with that—uniform, regular, safe, peaceable,
without fluctuations, good alike everywhere?
Practically refuting every day the clamor for
contraction, stamping with the brand of folly
the cry for the overthrow of established institu-
tions and the inauguration of an era of experi-
ments.
Another argument used by the opponents of
a liberal amount of currency is derived from
high prices, both of living and labor. It is
broadly asserted that "this increase of prices
and multiplication of exchanges is one of the
chief causes of the disturbance of the trade
and industry of the country." "That the
present volume of currency is in excess is
