660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
of failures and the extent of losses in the last
twelve-years. It will be borne in mind that the
figures for 1862,1863,1864, and 1865 are for the
northejn States alone. The totals of failures in
number and liabilities for 1857 to 1869 inclusive
are as follows:
Date. No. LiuhiKtiei.
185 7  4.932 ¥231,750,000
185 8  4,225 95,749,00!)
185 9  3,913 (54,894,000
186 0  3,070 79,807,000
186 1  0,993 207,210,000
1802  1,652 2-i,094,000
186 3  495 8,899,000
186 4  520 8,579,000
186 5  530 17,625,000
186 6  1,505 53,785,000
186 7  2,780 96,656,000
186 8  2,608 63,694,000
186 9  2,799 75,054,000
These figures, which are very instructive, do
not w£trrant in retrospect nor in prospect the
gloomy forebodings of the last five years.
The country is doing well, the people are
neither alarmed nor in danger, and will pa.y
little heed to the ardent patriots who are so
keen to rescue them from fancied ills, espe-
cially when thoy boldly declare that the wages
of the poor laborer are too high, and that they
should be cut down to the Old World standard.
Two and three years ago the constant cry of
the enemies of our currency was that the high
prices of clothing, of breadstuffs, of the poor
man's living were produced by an inflated paper
currency. At the time such was the vigor and
persistency of these gentlemen that the belief
gained ground that this was true. But wool
went down, sheep went down, wheat and flour
went down; corn went up, pork went up, and
so for many other staple articles, taking oppo-
site directions while the currency stood still.
Facts have utterly'exploded the idea that the
currency had anything to do with these prices.
Supply and demand regulated these matters
and not paper money. Indeed, it may be
stated with confidence that the use of paper
money in this country has no effect whatever
upon the ruling prices of our great articles of
export. Those prices are fixed by a power
outside of the reach of our business and legis-
lation ; are fixed by the commercial world.
The only question for us to determine is what
disposition shall we make of affairs at home so
as to stimulate production, give ease to busi-
ness operations, and enable the people to pay
taxes, pay debts, pushnewenterprises, improve
the country, and build solid foundations for
their prosperity.
It matters not so far as the price is concerned
in foreign markets whether our laborers get
their pay in gold or paper, that price will be
the same. But it is a matter of great concern
with our own citizen; lor if he is to labor at
the coin prices of the Old World, twenty, thirty,
and forty cents a day, he knows very well that
he can never rise from his present condition:
he knows well that his whole life must be one
continued round of drudgery without relief,
with no possibility and no iiope of accumulating
a surplus; and that his children and his children's
children must,like the farm laborers of England,
Germany, and France, live in abject poverty in
the huts and cabins and upon the ground floors to
which the rich mail's cattle are unused. He
knows that poverty and hardship are and will
be his lot all the days of his life, and that the
few who have the capital of the country in
their handswill hold it with greater ease and
accumulate it in larger proportions. He knows
that the liberal wages given to labor in this
land once broken down the value of liberty
will have become a song, and that the vassal-
age of the poor to the rich will be just as grind-
ing and onerous as that of the subject to the
tyrant.
Our people never will submit to any system
that will fasten upon them the cheap labor of the
Old World; that era inaugurated and the debt-
ors go to ruin, the credit system vanishes, the
taxes cannot be paid, public improvements
stop, private enterprises languish, the sheriff
and the tax-gatherer administer upon men's
estates, inland trade dies, foreign commerce
dies ; the tens of thousands of mechanics, mer-
•chauts, traders, and men of general business,
who operate in a great measure on borrowed
capital and who are really doing an important
share of the work of society, would be compelled
at once to go to the wall.
Reason as we may about high wages, about
extravagant, prices, about irredeemable, cur-
rency, about the glories of specie payments,
about protested promises and hateful legal-
tenders, the country never was as prosperous
as it has been with this accursed circulating
medium. Cities are growing, farms improving,
highways and railways bein g built, mills and
factories being erected, the price of real estate
is going up, and yet the cloistered students of
finance, immured in the midnight of their
studios, publish their lamentations over the
miseries of a happy and prosperous people. It
is not material wealth, it is not its highest evi-
dence, a rapidly-improving country, that these
Jeremiahs want—it is coin. Coin is their god,
and they would bow down in idolatrous devo-
tion to it though the grass grew in the streets
and "the owl sung his watch-song in the
tower."
The people care nothing about specie pay-
ment; they care nothing about the premium
of twenty or thirty per cent, on gold. Not one
word of complaint comes from them upon that
subject. The complaint from that quarter is
of a lack of currency, not a lack of gold. This
whole cry of gold, gold, gold, comes from a
few money kings, a few importers, a few great
bondholders, a few speculators in coin who
want property, labor, wages, priees, every-
thing to go down on one scale and gold and
interest to go up on the other. The growlers
and grumblers are found right here, and they
beset every avenue to the public ear with their
howlings and clamors.
Blot out half our currency, reduce every-
thing to a gold standard to please these gen-
tlemen, and where does the rate of interest go
with the present enormous demand for money,
which is everywhere now bringing from twelve
to thirty per cent. ? It might double. It would
go beyond the reach of business men. Butit is
said, " Get this paper trash away and resume,
and then gold will flow in ; the high rates of
interest will bring it." Why does it not flow in
now? The article will bring high rates. Why
does gold and silver run off from California to
the OldWorld asfastasit isdugup and before
it is coined if the rate of interest will attract
and hold it? The Old World rates are not a
third of those on the Pacific coast, and yet gold
goes to the people who pay low rates for it.
We have no assurance the gold, even if wo had
not a dollar in paper, would stay in large
amounts with us. Experience teaches us that
it would not.
In view of all these things it would seem that
no reasonable man could feel the slightest ap-
prehension from the condition of our currency.
The wrong is not there if wrong there be. If
we are as a people comparatively prosperous,
why keep this eternal clamor for specie pay-
ments? Why not look at things as they are and
not conjure up the hydras and Gorgons of
bankruptcy?
_ The West and South want more banking fa-
cilities ; let them by all means have them. The
East should yield a fair distribution. Then if
there is not enough for the whole country let
the best class of paper money be issued to meet
the wants of business, and that, in my humble
judgment, is the legal-tender. I would issue
|44,000,000 very soon, and in case of need
$56,000,000 more. The rate of interest should
fall, and this would bring it down. To abolish
the banking system would be too radical a
change. To set up a free banking system in
the manner proposed will be a material and
sweeping contraction of the currency, a meas-
ure full of disasters. Fair prices for labor, fair
prices for produce, a lower rate of interest, an
enlargement of business, an uprising of enter-
prise, a confidence in the public credit, an ease
in paying debts and taxes, and a'cheerfulness
in trade is bound to follow a liberal policy in
the management of the currency.
While we are pursuing a judicious course in
this direction, there is one othepmode by which
we can enhance the value and increase the
benefits of our monetary system, and that is
by reducing taxation of all kinds to the lowest
possible rates. Let the people save their sur-
plus, let their means accumulate, do not ex-
haust them by taxation.
On the other hand, the prime object in the
minds of many statesmen to be obtained by
our people at the present time is the payment of
the public debt; in my judgment, a view radically
erroneous. We cannot pay it at present, or
within a short time, without embarrassing and
overburdening ourselves. We ought to make no
effort in that direction other than to apply
what little surplus is raised by our revenue
system in excess of what is needed to discharge
the interest on the public debt and to meet the
necessary expenditures of the Government.
Could the taxes be cut down to meet the
amount absolutely required to meet these an-
nually recurring outlays, I would regard it as
the crowning work of those gentlemen who
have in charge the provision for the ways and
means. Since the war each year the amount
of the public debt has been diminished some
tens of millions, but the comparatively small
amount has had little to do with fixing the confi-
dence of the world in our will or ability to pay.
That confidence is not thus to be established,
nor does its growth lie in this direction. That
confidence is the offspring of our national
prosperity, of an increase of production, of
the cheerful, healthy, active life of the people;
and never can be based upon the mere amount,
drawn from the people by taxation, no differ-
ence how large. When the little surplus gains
of the individual are constantly withdrawn by
the tax-gatherer the streams of prosperity for
the whole community become dry and the
credit of the people languishes, the confidence
of the world is shaken, and the small amounts
collected to pay off the debt serve to wither
and blight the prospect of future payments.
It were far better not to pay off one dollar of
the debt than in any degree to check the pros-
perity of the nation. Presentpayments in any
amounts we can afford are a mere bagatelle.
The only salvation of our creditors is in the
permanent and continued successof our people.
The payment continued at the present rate
is only so far_a crippling and weakening of the
ability to ultimately pay all and survive in a
sound and healthy condition. Of what avail
will it be to drag through thirty years of heavy,
grinding taxation and debt, paying and come
exhausted and well nigh broken down, when
we can with ease pay off all expenses and de-
mands for interest and defer the great burden
till our increase has carried us to a point at
which we can, even at the present rate of tax-
ation, throw off the whole debt in two years.
Had I the power I would not raise one dollar
more than is needed to meet the running
expenses of the Government and the interest
on the debt. Every other dollar should remain
with the people to aid them in the increase of
production. The world is already astounded
at it, cannot understand it, and should this
growth continue, as it will, unless cheeked by
the madness of those who grasp for present
gain, the confidence engendered will outrun
and outlast that in all other political organiza-
tions on earth; a confidence not begotten by
payments in dribs but in that vast and solid
wealth, that ever-enlarging growth, that self-
sustaining vitality, that immutable stability
which a free, intelligent, industrious, honest,
and intrepid people owning the best portion of
the globe must possess.
First, let the nation grow strong and grow
rich, then assess the property and levy the
taxes to pay off the debt. Not till then. This
generation has already done its work grandly.
