1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Posterity have theirs to do, and part of it is to
pay off this debt. They will not thank us for
doing it. They will love their country all the
better for doing it themselves.
No sane American now has a shadow of
doubt about its payment; the cloud of repu-
diation has blown off, and money-lenders all
over the world will find this out and believe it
just as firmly as we do now. As monarchies
grow older and their subjects more intelligent
they grow more revolutionary, more unsafe,
more dangerous to loan to. Their credit is
waning; ours is waxing. This is no idle boast.
Thirty years will see us twice as wealthy and
populous as we are now; our credit the best;
our position incomparably the finest on earth.
England must suffer from revolutions; her
aristocracy must go down; monarchy must go
down; the right of primogeniture must go
down; the very roots of society must be torn
out, and it will be done with violence most
probably. France has the chains of despotism
to break. "War, revolution, bloodshed, waste,
and expense, like an angry cloud, hover over
her too. Prussia must throw off the yoke.
Her intelligent people will not much longer
endure the assumptions of royalty. There,
too, must the great fabric of society be thrown
down; losses, fierce contests, overthrows, col-
lisions, terror, and death must ensue.
Spain, Italy, and Austria are in a still worse
eoudition. They are shaking with the threat-
ening;! of revolution. Capital is sensitive.
Money loves peace and security; trade is
timid ; business flies from the sounds of war.
Our land is their place of refuge, their asylum,
their home. Inevitably their accumulations
will drift here. The rich men of the world will
bring their money-bags here. We can and
will maintain peace and freedom, and here
will be the center of the operations of the
■world's capitalists. The throes and rockings
and terrors and upheavings of the Old World
will drive them here. After a resonable time
we can get all the money we want cheaply,
more reasonably than any other nation. The
tyrants of earth, as well as our own free peo-
ple, will soon give us the power to fund our
debt for a long time at a low rate. The strong
contrast in our favor will be our greatest ad-
vocate in this measure.
Our credit, our currency, our legal-tenders,
our banks, our bonds do not rest on gold, but
upon the earnest purpose and the cheerful will
of the people to pay taxes. A liberal policy
will give them confidence in themselves, con-
fidence in each other, confidence in business,
and beget the confidence of mankind. Here
•is strength, here is solvency, here is specie
payment, uncoupled with bankruptcy. Ten
years of prosperous national life brought on by
a liberal financial policy are worth a hundred
of cramps and chills and contractions, low
wages, low prices, and languishing business.
commissioner wells's report.
Mr. TOWNSEND obtained the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask my colleague to yield
to mc for three minutes.
Mr. TOWNSEND. For what purpose ?
Mr. KELLEY. For explanation of a fact.
I will not require more than three minutes.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, in the com-
ments I made some days ago on the report of
Commissioner Wells, misled by a clerical error,
I stated that the first Bessemer rails imported
into this country came in 1865, when gold was
at 200 or thereabouts. In that I made a mis-
take of one year. The first importation was in
1864, when gold ranged at considerably above
200, and the price paid for them, which was the
lowest price at which they could be had, was
$150 cash, gold, delivered on the wharf. As I
then said, this price developed two factories:
one the Freeman works, at Harrisburg, Penn-
sylvania, and the other works at Troy, New
York. In the latter part of the next year, when
our new works were roauy to dclivei, the agent;-.
of those same English works, as I stated, can-
vassed our markets to sell at $130 gold. This
statement was, therefore, not contradicted but
confirmed by what was said yesterday by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Twiohell.]
It is due to the public on both sides of the
question of protection that they should know
that there was a mistake in naming 1865 instead
of 1864 as the date of the first importation.
Every fact stated by me can be abundantly
verified, but a clerical error misled me as to
the year.
resumption of specie payments.
Mr. TOWNSEND. As financial matters
seem the order of the day, I wish to say some-
thing on the resumption of specie payments
and the payment of the public debt.
Among the important matters to which the
attention of Congress will be earnestly called
this session there are none more important
than the questions of the resumption of specie
payments and the liquidation of the public
debt. We are suffering under the evils of an
irredeemable and depreciated paper currency,
and although such a currency may be justifi-
able in a great emergency and under the pres-
sure of unexpected and extraordinary events,
yet when the emergency has passed the ener-
gies of the people and their Representatives
should be directed to the restoration of the
currency to its normal condition.
An irredeemable paper currency is ever fluc-
tuating, rendering the values of all commodi-
ties uncertain, and thereby deterring enterpris-
ing men from embarking capital in measures
that if prosecuted would inure to the benefit
of the nation.
The creation of railroads, the erection and
operating of furnaces, forges, and manufac-
tories, the opening of mines, the improvement
of virgin prairies, can never be achieved with
any certainty of reasonable profit when the
currency is m an unsettled and irredeemable
condition. It is our duty, then, to initiate such
measures as will give to the people a medium
of circulation which shall be stable and at the
same time equal in value with the circulating
medium of other nations with whom we hold
commercial intercourse.
Before attempting measures of currency
reform it will be profitable for us to look back
and see the condition in which our country
stood at the opening of the rebellion, and to
note the causes through which we reached our
present unfortunate situation. We may then
be able to calculate the elements that have been
operating against us, and if we can remove or
overcome them we will be able to restore to
the people a sound and stable currency. When
the rebellion broke out we were in the enjoy-
ment of a high degree of national prosperity.
Industry was everywhere meeting its just
reward. Our iron, cotton, and woolen man-
ufactories were in full activity, giving fair remu-
neration to their owners and good wages to
their operatives. Our farmers were obtaining
good prices for their produce, and after feeding
our artisans and other citizens had a surplus
to sell to foreign nations. Our ships had full
employment, and the sails of our commercial
marine whitened every sea.
No man was forced to be idle, and every one
who sought it could obtain " a fair day's wages
for a fair day's work." Warned by the sad
results of overtrading that a few years before
had overcome us and rendered thousands bank-
rupt, we were pursuing a safe and prudent
course that was pouring into our coffers the
golden results of a careful and well-directed
industry.
Such was our general condition when the
rebellion opened in 1861. The blow slruck at
Fort Sumter by the rebels in April of that year
with a view to dissever the Union required the
Administration to raise armies to put it down.
To clothe and equip those armies required
heavy cash expenditures, and these were only
to bo obtained by means of loans from the
banks and the people, or by the issue of Treas-
ury notes, or both.
Under the acts of July and August, 1861,
authorizing a loan of $250,000,000 and, the
issue of Treasury notes, $50,000,000 of those
notes, irredeemable in specie but receivable in
payment of public dues, were suddenly thrown
into the channels,of circulation, tending.to
increase the volume of paper circulation nearly
one third. The increased activity of tb€s indus-
try of the country caused by the war absorbed
this addition to the currency without producing
inconvenience.
In addition to this, however, the Secretary
of the Treasury in negotiating the loan I have
just mentioned demanded payment in coin;
and although the banks of New York had but
about fifty millions in their vaults,, yet they
managed to place the loans for the -Secretary
in coin very rapidly. In August they loaned
him $50,000,000, in October $50,000,000, and
in November nearly fifty .millions more. The
coin paid out at first went rapidly back to the
banks; but as the loans continued and the cur-
rency became inflated, and the Rebellion gave
no signs of being crushed, the people became
alarmed, hoarding began, the coin returned to
the banks more slowly, and all these circum-
stances combined induced the banks on the
31st of December, 1861, to suspend specie
payments. . , ■
This drain for coin, occasioned by the Inde-
pendent Treasury system which prohibited the
Secretary from receiving into the Treasury any-
thing but coin, would have been much longer
averted if that act had been repealed in time,
or if the Secretary had felt himself authorized
to ignore it under the pressure of existing cir-
cumstances. There is no doubt that specie pay-
ments would have been much longer maintained
if the Government had been willing to take the
same currency as was used by the people, and
many of the evils suffered since would have
been averted and many millions of dollars would
have been saved to the nation.
With the suspension of specie payments an
immediate difference was observable between
coin and paper; but eventually the difference
became so great that in July, 1864, it required
$285 in paper to purchase $100 in gold.
Other issues of paper money were authorized
by Congress, to the amount of $450,000,000 in
all, the last of which were authorized by the
act of March 3, 1863.
The high price of gold, ranging from 101 in
March, 1802, to 285 in July, 1864, and then
fluctuating up and down at various rates till it
has reached its present price, has been gener-
ally attributed to the increase of volume of-the
currency. That increase, though large," had
very little comparatively to do with those fluc-
tuations. The last issue of notes was authorized
by the act of March 3, 1863. Gold ranged in
that month from 39 to 71 premium; but five
months later, when the greater part if not all
of the notes authorized wero issued, gold had
receded to 22 and 29.
The active circulation of the banks, which
stood January 1,1861, at $180,000,000, had in-
creased iu 1863 to only $181,000,000, and even
now the whole circulation of Stale and national
banks is only about $210,000,000, with an in-
creased business and an increased population
to employ it. Prom this it will be seen that
the augmentation of the volume of the currency
had but a comparatively slight effect on the rise
in the price of gold.
The principal cause of the rise is to be found
in the rapid increase of the public debt, the
continuance of the rebellion, and the heavy out-
lays of the Government, with the uncertainty
of the duration of the contest for the integrity
of the Union. Men doubted whether the nation
could stand the great drain on its_ military and
pecuniary resources, and with this distrust in
the nation's ability to conquer and to pay,the
currency price of gold increased. From the
time, however, when it wa s csrfcftin that tiie rs-
hclliou was expu'iog tke price of gold declined)
