664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
for it. It is true that the British debt, paying
only three per cent., is-sought.by British capi-
talists and sells nearly at par. This is caused
by the abundance of capital there seeking in-
vestment and the confidence of the people in
the prompt payment of the interest and the
eventual ability of the Government to pay the
principal. Such a confidence in us would en-
able us to place the loan as the Secretary pro-
poses," but while men of distinguished reputa-
tion still boldly utter the voice of repudiation-
here and elsewhere there remains a latent
distrust in the minds of capitalists as to our
good faith if adverse fortunes should overtake
us. English capitalists have not forgotten
Mississippi.
The main features of the plan, to divide the
loan and make it payable at different future
dates, is worthy of a trial. A different rate of
interest for the different installments of the
loan, however, should be offered ; for it would
be here as it is in Europe, the longest loans
would be the greatest favorites and most read-
ily placed. They would be sought by bankers
and capitalists, and if they bore the same rate
of interest would command the highest prices.
Such a change of the loan would give new life
to the people.
If, however, the loan should not be taken,
either for want of confidence in our good faith
because of the dubious wording of the acts, or
our ability to pay the loans iti gold, then the
next best thing we can do is to pass a de-
claratory act that it was the true intent and
meaning of the acts creating the five-twenties
that the principal and interest should be paid
in gold.
This would give them an improved standing
in the European markets beyond what they
now have ; and if military or political disturb-
ances in liurope should create a demand for
money, our securities being thus as solemnly
guarantied as words could do it and beyond
the reach of verbal or political criticism, and
drawing the highest rate of interest, would be
the last to be converted, and would not be
forced on us until others and less profitable
securities issued by Governments abroad had
been used. Ours would be the favorite loan
of the world and most sought everywhere. It
would not come back on us. Wo would have
time to reorganize our industry, which was so
much disturbed and disorganized by the rebel-
lion, our manufactures and agriculture would
have opportunity for full and free development,
and we would become rich faster than in any
decade before. A very few years of such
industry and prosperity would afford us the
means of paying off a large portion of the
debt by increased subjects of taxation without
enlarging the rate, and the balance out of our
own surplus wealth could be placed by new
loans at rates satisfactory to ourselves.
I shall not deem it a calamity if we should
fail to place the loan as the Secretary desires,
for I feel satisfied that the relief we desired
from the reduction of interest on the national
debt but may fail to receive by failure to place
the new loan will be more than compensated
within the present decade by the confidence,
arising from such guarantee, in our business
circles from a belief that no disturbance will
take place in our moneyed affairs from conver-
sion of our loans held abroad.
Ten years, of undisturbed industry, even
under a debt of six per cent, permanently held
abroad, would be far more profitable to u3 than
the same period under a debt at four and a
half per cent, spasmodically sent home for
conversion.
A single suspension thus caused happening
within three yearsafterresumption would inflict
greater loss and distress on our people than
the difference in interest between a six per
cent, and the four and a half per cent, loan
proposed by the Secretary for the whole decade
in which we have just entered. What we now
most need is financial repose.
A free-banking system has been suggested
as an adjunct to the other means proposed to
promote a resumption of specie payments and
to furnish an elastic currency for the people.
My observation of the workings of such a sys-
tem lias satisfied me that it would only aggra-
vate the evils it is intended to cure. It has
never hitherto regulated the currency, and
never can, for the want of a directing and
controlling head. The furnishing of a. cur-
rency to the people is an attribute of sover-
eignty, and should never be delegated by
Government, nor allowed by it to be exer-
cised by inferior sovereignties. The Con-
gress should have kept its control of the matter
from tho time of the Constitution onward, and
its failure to do so imposed upon the people of
the nation, until recently, as many different
kinds of banking systems, with currencies vary-
ing in value, as there were States. It has re-
sumed that control now, and I trust it will
never give it up. As the business of the coun-
try expands, Congress can by legislation extend
the currency and allow banking associations
where most needed, and if business contracts
the currency will return to the banks and await
employment. Free banking has hitherto proved
itself a delusion and a snare.
The result of these views may then be summed
up briefly to be, that tho proper preparations
for resumption are—
1. A belief that there is no redundancy of
the currency beyond tho wants of the legitimate
business of the country;
'I. That to prepare for resumption the Gen-
eral Government must first resume payment
of its legal tenders;
3. That to assist it in doing this and at the
same time pay off a part of our indebtedness
the legal-tenders should be partially withdrawn
and their place substituted by national bank
notes issued to new banking associations that
may be created where banking capital is most
needed ;
4. Some contraction of the currency by the
banks to enable them to meet a demand for
coin to fill the small channels of circulation
and to satisfy the timid and hoarders ;
G. A reduction of faxes that bear heaviest
on the people and arc the most irritating and
annoying and the least productive ;
0. A readjustment of the tariff in the interests
of American labor; and
7. Such a disposition of, or Congressional
recognition of, our loan8 as will prevent their
return at unseasonable times from abroad.
With these arrangements made, and with
industry and economy on the part, of our peo-
ple and a check upon our wasteful and unne-
cessary national extravagance, which if not
prevented will hurry us to ruin, I think the
day is not far distant when we may reasonably
hope to see our nation again in possession of
a redeemable currency, and our present na-
tional bank system, under the watchful vigil-
ance of Congress, affording to all classes a
safe, steady, and even currency, to be expanded
when needed, and exchangeable everywhere for
coin, and securing to the labor of all its just
reward.
NATIONAL FINANCES.
_ Mr. STO UGIIT ON. Mr. Chairman, the sub-
ject of our national finances is agitating the
public mind more deeply than at any former
period in the history of our country. It is so
prominently before the people and so intimately
connected with the material interests of all
classes, trades, and occupations that the adop-
tion of some settled and well-defined policy
seems to be a prime necessity. Congress has
already taken a step in the right direction by
the clear and emphatic declaration in the act
of March 18, 1860—
" That tho faith of the United States is solemnly
pledged to tho payment in coin or its equivalent of
ail the obligations of tho United States not bearing
interest, known as theUnited States notes, and of all
the interest-bearing obligations of the United States,
except in cases where the law authorizing the issno
of any suoh obligations has expressly provided that
the same may be paid in lawful money or other cur-
rency than gold and silver."
Whatever ingenious theories may be in-
dulged in the fact still remains that the debt
must sooner or later be paid. Its magnitude
ought not to alarm or discourage any one. A
comparison of the present debt with the actual
cost of the war will show that the Government
has already paid over seventeen hundred mil-
lion dollars. I refer tO' the elaborate report
of the Special Commissioner of the Eevenue,
and will ask that his estimate of the slave-
holders rebellion, the most accurate and only
authoritative one heretofore made, may be
read from the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
The amount of outstanding national indebtedness
March 7,1861, was  $76,455,299 23
During tho four years of war which terminated in
April, 1865, (April 1,1861, to April l,1865,)the actual
receipts of tho Treasury wore as follows:
From internal revenue  $314,337,317 01
From customs  280,861,618 45
From lands  1,812,083 80
From diroct tax  4,66S,25y 31
From miscellaneous sources  74,120,413 37
Total receipts  $675,799,601 94
The receipts of revenue from April 1,1865, to Juno
30,1869, inclusive, during which period the larger
portion of the expenditures has been directly in con-
senuenoo of the war. were as follows: .
From internal revenue  $967,207,221 41
Fiomcustoms  729,991,875 97
From lands  7,402,188 28
From direct tax  9,017,217 30
From miscellaneous sources  194,949,122 13
Total receipts $1,908,567,625 09
The amount of outstanding indebtedness, less cash
and sinking fund in Treasury, Juno 30, 1869,
was $2,489,002,480 58
Deducting from this the amount of
outstanding indebtedness at the
outbreak of tho war, ($76,455,299 28,)
wo have, as tho sum borrowed for
war purposos and not repaid out of
tho reooipts above indicated  2,412,547,181 30
Making the total expenditure (loans
andrecoipts) in eight and a quarter
years of war and its cfFccta  4,996,914,498 33
Deducting the amount which, but for
the war, might be taken as the
average expenditure of the Gov-
ernment during this period, say
$100,000,000 per annum  825,000,000 00
Weshallhavc $4,171,914,498 33
which sum represents the cost of tho war to theUni-
ted States Government down to June 30.1869.
_ To this sum should be added the value of the pen-
sions now paid by the Government on account of the
war, if the sarno were capitalized. This, at eight
years' purchase of the presentannual pay ment, would
amount to about two hundred millions.
But this aggregate, however large, must still fur-
ther be increased by other items if we would reach
the true cost of the war to us as a people, the above
representing only the expenditures of the national
Government.
Mr. STOUGHTON. The amount of the
national debt on the 1st day of January, 1870,
is shown by the statement of the Secretary
of the Treasury to be $2,448,746,953 31. De-
duet this from the actual cost of the war, as
shown by Mr. Wells, ($4,171,914,490 33, as
above stated,) and the figures disclose the re-
markable fact that during nine years, covering
the period of a stupendous rebellion, the Gov-
ernment has paid the sum of SI, '723,107,545 02.
With this fact before us who can doubt the
ability of tho American people, with their rap-
idly-increasing sources of wealth, to pay the
presentdebtinthepeaceful andprosperousyears
of the future ? The considerations of this ques-
tion suggest t^ro branches of inquiry:
1. The national debt and its management.
2. The currency or the circulating medium
of the country.
THE NATIONAL DEBT.
A national debt cannot rationally be consid-
ered as a national blessing, nor on the other
hand, where a valuable consideration has been
received, is it a national calamity. The Consti-
tution expressly authorizes Congress "Tobor-
