1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
66&
row money on the credit of the United States."
The exercise of this power has frequently been
of signal advantage, and during the late rebel-
lion it was absolutely essential to the life of tho
nation. With the restoration of peace the Gov-
ernment is called upon topay the necessary cost
of preserving the existence of the Republic.
The only question that can fairly arise is, when
and in what manner shall it be paid ? There is
but one answer. If the Government cannot
realize the amount of money necessary to liqui-
date the indebtedness from the ordinary sources
and revenues it ought to be funded at the low-
est possible rate of interest upon such time as
will insure its ultimate payment without embar-
rassment or inconvenience. This course is
indicated alike by business experience and
financial wisdom.
The first difficulty in finding a practical rem-
edy is doubtless the fact that the debt consists
of bonds bearing a high rate of interest, and
also of demand circulating notes, known as
greenbacks or legal-tenders, of a depreciated
value. And as these enter largely into tkecircu-
lating medium of the countryit is obvious that
the debt and the currency cannot at present be
legislated upon separately. For the purpose of
showing more clearly what the national debt
is composed of I refer to the statement of the
Secretary of the Treasury of January 1, 1870:
recapitulation:
Debt bearing interest in
coin. Principal. Interest.
Bonds at 5 per cent  5221,589,300 00
Bonds at 6 por cent  1,886,349,800 00 *
Total $2,107,930,100 00 $48,797,083 58
J)ebthearino interest ill
luwful money.
Certificates at 3 per
cent  345,545,000 00
Navy pension fund at
3 per cent  14,000,000 00
Total  £59,545,000 00 1,120,900 00
Debt on which i nterest
i:;is ceased since ma-
turity  31,140,936 6 t 544,906 60
J)ebt bearinano interest.
Demand and legal- t
tender notes  £>356,113,098 50
FraeHona! currency... 39,702,661 68
Certificates of gold de-  
posited  40,170,o80 00
Total  $436,046,143 18
Total amount out-   
standing ^2,697,671,179 82 850,463,190 18
Total debt, principal and interest to date, includ-
ingeoupor.s due and not presented lor pay-
ment $2,6a8,131,6i0 00
Amount in the Treasury.
Coin  $109,159,475 90
Currency   12,7/3,963 02
Hnikincfun-'i in United
States coin, interest
on bonds, and ac-
oruecl interest tliero-
„u  22,545,927 31
Other XTniied States
coin, interest, bonds
purchased, and ac-
crued interest there-
on   61,908,350 37
   !  209,387,716 69
Debt, less amount in Ihe Treasurv  2,448,746,953 31
Debt, loss amount in the Tieasury, on 0,
the 1st ultimo  2,453,5Aioo 23
Decrease of public debt during the
past month  $4,812,781 92
Decrease of the debt since March 1, „
   i i6,716,o0b (0
Over six hundred and forty million dol-
lars of the six per cent, bonds are now re-
deemable and payable by the Government.
During the present year $536,000,000 will in
like manner mature. All of the ten-forties or
five per cent, bonds can be taken up at the
option of the Government between this time
and 1571. It is now proposed to provide for
refunding tlie.se bonds on long time at an aver-
age rate of interest not exceeding four and
one half per cent. There v. every reason to
believe that such bonds can be made available
in the money markets of Europe and for bank-
ing purposes and trust funds at home. Noth-
ing will tend to produce this result more cer-
tainly than the steady reduction of the debt.
The present Administration has already, in ten
months, paid and discharged over seventy-six
million dollars. The salutary effect of this
exhibit upon the credit of the United States
in Europe is already apparent. The London
Economist, the leading English financial jour-
nal, in the quotations for December 25, 1869,
makes the following significant statement:
'' American Securities.—The gradual diminution
in the numberof operations in securities which arein
favor with the public, as in the case of United States
bonds, leads as a matter of course to a little depres-
sion. In this department it is scarcely necessary to
remind those interested in such matters that these
bonds have had a remarkable risein price during the
year, considering the very large amount of them in
the hands of tho public. On referring to our impres-
sionofthe 26th of December, 1868, we find that during
the week ending on that date the live-twenty bonds
of 1882 touched 73i; they are now 853 to 86, boing au
advance of about twelve per cent. To-day the fol-
lowing are the prices: the 1882 bonds are quoted 851-
to 87}; 1885, 84J to 845; 1887, 83i to 84,*. The ten-
forties, 821- to 83' ."
On the 4th day of March, 1869, the price of
gold in New York was 132; on the 4th day of
January, 1870, it was 120, showing a corre-
sponding reduction of twelve per cent, in the
premium on coin in ten months of the present
Administration.
It is not claimed that this rapid payment is
necessary or desirable ; but it is all-important
that the debt should be in process of gradual
extinguishment. There is great force in the
statement in the President's message that
" year by year the ability to pay is increased
in a rapid ratio." It is estimated that the
wealth of the nation doubles every twelve years.
Twenty-five years hence the burden of paying
the debt will be lessened fourfold. Let this
policy bo adopted and steadfastly pursued, and
our bonds at a low rate of interest will soon
bear a premium in the markets of the world,
and the dread of our national debt which now
covers the land like a dark cloud will give place
to the promise and assurance of a safe and
honorable deliverance.
the cukrexcy.
A sound and convenient currency is of vital
importance. Money is said to be the " instru-
ment agreed upon to facilitate the exchange
of one commodity for another." The supply
ought to be in accordance with the business re-
quirements of the community ; otherwise trade
and commerce will be cripplcd, manufactures
will languish and die, and labor will be insuffi-
ciently rewarded. There is no good reason
why the people of this country should not have
a currency sufficient in volume to call into
action all their enterprise, individual force, and
business capacity. The contraction of the cur-
rency during the late Administration failed to
reduce the price of gold, and was attended with
the most mischievous results to the business
interests of the country. What is now required
is neither arbitrary contraction nor inflation,
but a safe and elastic currency, which can be
increased or diminished in accordance with the
law of supply and demand as the wants of the
community may require. The elements of
such a currency are a gold standard or basis
and bills or notes convertible into coin.
A return to specie payment is inevitable.
We cannot maintain an unstable and fluctuating
standard of value unknown to the Constitution
and different from the rest of the world. Any
attempt to force immediate resumption would
of course be equally unwise and impolitic. It
will ultimately be brought about by natural
causes and the laws of trade. The first duty
of Congress ia to strengthen the public credit
by judicious legislation, and thereby gradually
appreciate the value of paper currency to a gold
standard. It will then be easy to provide such
checks and safeguards that the final transition
may be made without shock to business in-
terests or any great convulsion in the money
market.
In this connection the following extract
from the annual report of the Secretary of
the Treasury is worthy of careful attention:
" The ability of the country to resume specie pay-
ments will not be due to any special legislation, upon
that subject, but to the condition of its industries
and to its financial relations to other countries.
These, of course, will be more or less dependent
upon the general policy of the Government. Th o
war exhausted the country of its material wealth,
and the States of the South w'ere literally impover-
ished. A necessary condition for the resumption of
specie payments was the development of the indus-
try of thenation, both South and North, and thecon-
sequent accumulation' of the movable products of
industry tosuch an extent that our exports of those
products should be.equal substantially to oar im-
ports. So long as it is necessary to payfor merchan-
dise imported, by the transfer of Government bonds
or other evidences of indebtedness to other coun-
tries, so long it will bo impracticable to resume and
maintain specie payments.
" "When the products of industry exported shall be
equal substantially to the products of other countries
imported there will be no demand lor specie for ex-
port, except what may arise from the circumstance
that our honds held abroad are sent home, sold in
our markets, and the proceeds exported in coin.
When the credit of the 'country shall be fully estab-
lished in Europe, and there shall be no doubt either
of our ability or disposition to meet all our obliga-
tions, bonds, heretofore and now to a large extent
held by merchants and bankers, will be transferred
to capitalists for permanent investment. When this
change shall have taken place the probability of
our securities being sent home under the influence
of political or finanoial disturbances in Europe will
bo very slight; and when as a concurring fact our
exports, exclusive of public securities, shajl be equal
to our importsspeciepaymcuts may be resumed with-
out even a temporary embarrassment to the business
of tho country."
The present currency is composed of $390,-
000,000 of greenbacks and fractional notes, and
$300,000,000 issued by the national banks.
The first are irredeemable and practically re-
duce the last to the same standard. It is
evident that this condition of the circulating
medium of the country cannot be permanent.
The greenbacks are overdue promises of the
Government. They are made by law ".legal-
tenders," and are therefore in the nature, of a
" forced loan." Their credit depends solely
upon the unshaken confidence of the public
that they will ultimately be paid dollar for dol-
lar according to the universal standard of value.
They were the offspring of necessity, and when
by gradually approximating to coin value they
shall safely carry the nation back to specie
payment their important and useful office will
be fully accomplished. They can then be with-
drawn from circulation while the volume of
the currency can be kept good and if neces-
sary increased by the issue of national bank
currency.
The time is not far distant when Congress
will be imperatively called upon to provide
increased banking facilities for the West and
South. The national banks furnish a currency
which commands confidence in every locality,
and at the same time provides a home market
for our bonds. With a free banking law the
volume of the currency would be regulated, as
it always must be in a healthy state of the
finances, by the demands of business and not
by arbitrary legislative enactments. In rela-
tion to this question the Comptroller of the
Currency very justly says:
" Tho entire South and many portions of the West
are very much in need of the facilities and advan-
tages to bo dorived from properly organized banking
institutions, and thoir necessities would justify them
in deliberately adopting measures to supply their
wants, the direct tendency of which would be to hasten
the return of speeio payments in tho manner indi-
cated, to wit, by the increase of bank notes and the
absorption of the legal-tender notes. As the former
increased tho latter would diminish. Aslawful money
becamoscareeits value would be enhanced and would
gradually approximate to par with gold. Thus spe-
cie payments may be reached through the agency
of the national banks and by the operation of natural
causes. The process will not be rapid or spasmoaic,
because it will in all its stages and in all its details bo
governed by sound principles and conform to estab-
lished laws. At the same time the benefits and ad-
vantages of tho national banking system would grad-
ually become more equally diffused until all sections
would at length get their just and equal share, ap-
portioned beyond cavil or objection, because^regu-
lated by the actual requirements of business.
Under this system the banks will be subject
to the control of Congress; the danger of any
