670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
When this was discovered, Mr. Brownlow, who
originally owned most of the Whig property
which went to make up the stock of the new
company, and who had sold these two shares
to the gentleman from whom my friends made
the purchase, refused to acknowledge the trans-
action because he had never given any written
transfer, although he had repeatedly recog-
nized the trade and treated the stock as the
property of the geiitleman referred to. He
not only refused to carry out a fair business
contract, that he might deprive me of the sup-
port of the Whig, but immediately sold these
two shares at a great sacrifice to Senter's
friends, and thereby secured to the Governor
and his revolutionary policy the support of that
journal.
After the campaign was ended he negotiated
a still further "purely business transaction"
and sold the Whig to General Mabry, whom
he extols as a model Republican. For some
days prior to this sale it was publicly an-
nounced on the streets of Knoxville that such
a transaction was to be consummated and who
was to be the new editor. When the sale was
made Mr. Brownlow announced the fact in a
card, and stated to the patrons of the Whig
that he had the assurance that it would con-
tinue a Republican journal, &c. When I state
that both the publisher and editor were prom-
inent active, original rebels, and that the
latter had been bitterly abused by Mr. Brown-
low as the worst rebel unhung—this is my in-
formation and I have no doubt of its truth—you
may perhaps realize how the Senator's assur-
ance was received. I shall presently show
what kind of Republicanism these new apos-
tles are teaching to the Senator's old patrons.
I can easily reconcile their Republicanism with
that which triumphed in Senter's election last
August, or with the Republicanism advocated
by the honorable Senator when he gave his
support to Senter's policy ; but I cannot rec-
oncile it with the principles of our party as
illustrated in the legislation of this House, and
I think that difficulty will be shared by you all
when you hear what further I have to say.
Just here it is proper that I should notice
the statement of Mr. Brownlow that a Demo-
cratic Legislature was chosen because of the
number of candidates presented. Thisreason
he gives as the leading one why we were
defeated in choosing our General Assembly.
There were some counties, as I said before,
where the candidates were numerous, but I
do not know of any where this was the cause
of defeat. But in Knox county, where the
Senator resides, the contest for the Legisla-
ture—the senate and the lower house—was
between two young Federal officers and two
bitter Democratic politicians of long experi-
ence. The race was close and exciting. One
of the Conservative candidates was a promi-
nent lawyer and the editor of the leading
Democratic paper in East Tennessee. His
paper was active and influential in opposing
the Republican candidates and bitter in its
denunciations. And yet, notwithstanding the
great importance of securing a Republican
Legislature, and notwithstandingthehonorable
record the Republican candidates had made
in the Army, the Knoxville Whig, of which
the Senator was then a leading stockholder,
had few words to give in their behalf. And
they were defeated because they hadno journal
to support and defebd them. If the contest had
been between them and Senter Republicans
there might have been some excuse for the
course of the Whig, but as it was I do not
see how the Senator is to be excused. By his
course in this matter he aided very materially
in sending to the Legislature two men who were
Andrew Johnson's most active friends and are
President Grant's most active opponents.
The Senator, speaking in explanation of the
constitutional convention now in session, says:
"If I were Governor,and tlio convention should
attempt to meet and carry out their revolutionary
measures, I would disperse them with the State
troops."
Let ns see how his record stands on this
question. Just a few days before he left Knox-
ville for Washington he signed a public call
upon Mr. Mabry, the present proprietor of the
Whig, in which it was said, "Having confi-
dence in you, and believing that you would
fairly represent ns in the approaching conven-
tion, (we) hereby ask and insist upon your
giving your consent to become a candidate."
As proprietor and publisher, of the Whig Mr.
Mabry's political sentiments are, of course,well
known. In calling upon him to become a can-
didate for the reason that he would "fairly
represent" him the Senator is, of course,
understood to indorse the views of his "rep-
resentative; " and in "insisting" upon his
running we are warranted in assuming that the
Senator approved of having a convention and
was anxious to be fairly represented therein.
That I may not do Mr. Brownlow or his rep-
resentative injustice I will give their views on
political subjects as I find them expressed in
files of the Whig published since the Senator
gave assurance that it should continue a Re-
publican journal. On the 5th of October, 1869,
in an editorial, " Curious to know our poli-
tics," I find the following picturc of Tennessee
affairs:
"We have polities, as yon may yet loarn to your
heart's content. For a number of years wo hare been
a bsent from Tcnnossoo, and during that timo won-
derful changes have occurred. Immediately succeed-
ing (the war) arcigu of terror commenced marked by
a cruel violence such as was never heard of before or
since, not necessary now nor befitting to unmask it.
Our children should not bo made familiar with its
horrors; so let the mantle of oblivion rost upon it.
A period of such blackness and tempest should bo
buried with the frightful days of a Caligula and other
heartless wrctches who essayed to rulo their fellows
with rods of iron. We pray God they may never
happen again."
As Mr. Brownlow was the Governor of Ten-
nessee from February, 1805, to March, 1869,
his administration is the one so kindly referred
to as the "reign of terror" by his Repub-
lican (?) friend whom he "insisted" should
represent him in the present constitutional
convention.
On the 21st of September last the Whig said:
" Our neighbor is at a loss to understand our mean-
ing whenwe say 'thecontestisjustbegun.' Wocan
teilhim, and in doing so we cheerfully concede all
the crodit due him and his co-workers for the strug-
gle ho and they mado against the combinod powers
of a merciless despotism during the last four years.
That struggle was a fierce one, and we will add a
grand one; scarcely anything like it in the whole
history of political warfare. It is full of sublimity,
and tho actors deserve the gratitude not only of Ten-
nessoe, but of every State in tho Union sympathizing
with thorn ."
There can certainly be no doubt about the
'' merciless despotism '' referred to. I fear the
old allegory of tho serpent warmed into life is
applicable to this effort of the Senator to re-
store political rights to this ungrateful friend.
I make these extracts to show the sentiments
of the gentleman whom Mr. Brownlow insisted
should represent him in the present convention.
In view of the prominent part the Senator took
in restoring to power the very men who have
called this convention and who will give to it
its extremest element, and in view of the senti-
ments of his representative, I cannot forbear
to ask him to explain how he can now consist-
ently demand to have that convention dispersed
at the point of the bayonet.
I would be content to take no further notice
of the Senator, but I feel it but just to a friend
and warm supporter in last summer's canvass
that I should notice one other portion of Mr.
Brownx^ow's explanation. Ho seems to be
particularly anxious to break down the repu-
tation of the Knoxville correspondent of the
New York Times, Cincinnati Commercial, and
Washington Chronicle. The only reason I can
give for this is that Captain Ricks has succeeded
very well in breaking down the Senator's influ-
ence in his party and in exposing his motives
for his departure from Republicanism in the
canvass I have explained. He seeks to identify
that gentleman politically with those with whom
he is associated in business. I know this to be
unjust to Mr. Ricks, for while he entertains the
highest respect and has the warmest friendship
for his partners in the law business, he has
always firmly and widely differed from them
politically. He knows them to be men of the
strictest integrity and of the highest profes-
sional attainments, and he is proud of his
business connection with them.
The secret of the Senator's bitter opposition
to one of them is well understood in Tennessee.
I know that during last summer's canvass Cap-
tain Ricks was a warm supporter of mine and
did good service in explaining to the party in
the North the real issues then pending. He
entered the Union Army in Ohio at the early
age of nineteen, and he has an honorable
record of faithful service. I have the assurance
from him that he has always supported the
Republican ticket, and I know that he is fully
identified with the Republican party at his home
in Knoxville, where he has resided for the past
five years. If he did not always approve of
what Mr. Brownlow did I do not know that for
such a reason he is to be read out of the party.
But injustice to Captain Ricks, and to show the
character of the letters he has written from
Tennessee, I beg to read the following letter
from Hon. Henry J. Raymond, the late editor
of the New York Times, and one of the ablest
journalists and men of this age:
Tikes Office,
New York, April 8,1869.
Dear Sir : Your letters from Tennessee during the
late political campaign were always thoroughly Re-
publican, and, in my judgment, of the very highest
service to General Grant and the Union cause. None
but a very extreme and unreasonable politician
would dream of finding fault with them in that re-
spect. Thoy were not written forGovernor Brown-
low, nor was I aware that tliey were to be tested by
his approval. They were very acceptable, and did
groat good here.
You can mako any use you choose of this note.
Very truly, yours,
II. J. RAYMOND.
A. J. Ricks, esq.
I am sure that it is unnecessary for me to
add anything further on the subject, as this
letterdoesthe gentleman referred to more good
than Mr. Brownlow's attacks can dohimharm.
He needs no vindication in Tennessee or in
Ohio, where he is personally known, but as the
Senator has placed upon the records of Con-
gress charges against this friend which I am
confidentareunjustl havedeemed itbutproper
that I should notice and answer them.
Now, Mr. Speaker, having said this much, I
thank the House for the indulgence, and hope
the country will understand the true cause of
the defeat of the Republican party in Tennes-
see and who were the men that brought it
about and are responsible for the suffering of
the Union men there to-day.
Now, Mr. Speaker, but a word more. The
other Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Fowler]
makes the following statement in a speech a
few days since in the Senate. He says that the
" Republican party of Tennessee stinks in the
nostrils of every honest man in the State."
This I will not trouble the House with at this
time, but will at some future day take occasion
to defend the fifty-five thousand true Union
men and Federal soldiers who stood true to
republican principles last August.
If, sir, this House will but go into an invest-
igation of the frauds in the late August elec-
tion they will find, to use the language of the
honorable Senator in conversation, "that it
was carried by wholesale perjury," the term
fraud being too mild. Now,'Mr. Speaker, I
again thank the House, and yield the floor.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed House bill
No. 783, to admit the State of Virginia to rep-
resentation in the Congress ofthe United States,
with amendments, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
order of business.
The SPEAKER stated that under the order
