1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8*8
in a national point of view the removal of the
national capital; and this I shall be compelled
to do but briefly and imperfectly, from the
necessity of the shortness of my time and the
straitened circumstances that surround me.
Some of these reasons I have already hinted at
in my pi-evious remarks. In my estimation,
at first blush it will appear to any unpreju-
diced mind that the very fitness of things
-demands the adoption of this measure; and,
sir, in my humble opinion, the uneasiness and
restlessness that grow out of this want of pro-
portion, convenience, and fitness will never
allow the public mind to rest till this thing is
accomplished. Whoever looks upon the map
and estimates the geography of this country is
pompelled to realize, if he be not controlled by
prejudice, as it seems to me, that the seat of
government is in the wrong locality. Whoever
makes his way hither from the fertile and flour-
ishing regions beyond the mountains, whose
resources are limitless, more deeply impressed
with their boundless superiority, cherishes the
Same stern convictions.
I regret, sir, that time will not allow me to
dwell upon particular and special reasons
which exist in my mind and in the minds of
the people in my_ section. I might mention
the immense saving of expense incurred by
Government officials and paid by the people
in consequence of the inconvenience arising
from the location of the seat of Government at
a point so remote from tho center of territory,
wealth,"and population. I might refer to the
very great extravagance attendant upon living
or temporarily sojourning in this city, arising
in part from the fact that it is located so incon-
veniently to the markets of the most product-
ive regions of the country and surrounded by
a territory proverbial for the barrenness of its
soil. I might mention the fact that the loca-
tion is not only remote from the center, but
that this can never become a representative
city in this country which the people can in
the future contemplate with pride and satis-
faction, nor which shall ever impress the visitor
from foreign shores with adequate conceptions
of the greatness of our people.
I might farther refer to the idea that as
the capital of this country, wherever it may
be-located, in the estimation of those who
eo vehemently oppose its removal would tend
greatly to develop regions contiguous and pro-
mote the interests oi tho inhabitants thereof,
it would certainly be wise to locate where this
interest and benefit could be shared most fully
by the largest possible number of those whose
earnings contribute to the wealth of the coun-
try. But, sir, upon these and other similar
reasons I cannot delay, 1 will pass to refer to
the present and future greatness of the incom-
parable valley of the West and see what legiti-
mate conclusions can be drawn from such a
consideration, and if upon the mere present-
ation of this feature of the controversy there
does not appear a beautiful consistency in
locating the national capital where it will be
surrounded by a wealth and power which after
a few more years shall be unsurpassed any-
where in the civilized world.
We have seen that within less than a hun-
dred years a development has taken place
which in the estimation of the sages of our
Republic was not dreamed of when they were
laying the foundations of our greatness, and
that regions which but yesterday were an un-
broken wilderness are now rapidly becoming
the center of power. Why, sir, it must be con-
fessed that there is no country upon our entire
globe that equals it in its wonderful advantages,
and no country upon the green earth that prom-
ises such unmeasured greatness and grandeur
in the future.
Look for a moment at some of the signifi-
cant facts in connection with the great valley
of the Mississippi. There is nothing like it in
any country upon any of the continents of this
globe. Providence has favored it in the way
41st Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 43.
of its natural advantages beyond that which
can be claimed for any other land upon which
the sun in the heavens looks down. Blessed with
a soil rich and fertile beyond comparison,
almost every foot of which repays amply the toil
the husbandman, it has in addition an inland
navigation that is truly wonderful in conven-
ience and magnitude. The entire sea-board
of this country is, I believe,, about thirteen
thousand miles ia extent, while the Missis-
sippi, the most majestic river that pours its
mighty floods into the boundless deeps of oeean
or seas, together with its tributaries, presents
borders accessible, if we count the shores on
either side, of thirty thousand miles in extent.
The trade and commerce upon these waters is
absolutely immense; its magnitude startles the
imagination.
In 1860, the entire foreign commerce of the
"United States was $760,000,000 ; while in 1865
the trade of nine cities on the Mississippi and
Ohio rivers amounted to §747,000,000. The
annual commerce of the Mississippi valley is
now estimated to be not less than $2,000,000,-
000. And in this estimate we make no account
of the immense commerce of the western and
northern lakes, which bear away by a different
route immense portions of the wealth of those
fertile regions. As an evidence of the unpre-
cedented growth and prosperity of that great
valley the cash value of the farms of five of
the western States, Ohio, Illinois, Michigan,
Indiana, and Wisconsin, went up in the de-
-cade closing with 1860 from $671,000,000 to
$1,738,000,000, and the last dccade will show a
still more astonishing increase. In the same
decade, while the population of the Atlantic
slope increased only a little more than two mil-
lions, that of the Mississippi advanced from
0,813,000 to 15,000,000, and the ratio of in-
crease during the last decade, no one can doubt,
has been still more considerable ; and while
reasoning from the past we contemplate the
increased developments of suceeeding decades
in wealth and population the mind is absolutely
bewildered.
Nor is this all, sir. Shortly two additional
magnificent railroads will be constructed join-
ing that wonderful valley with the Pacific
slope, and shall open up the immensely pro-
ductive regions still further west, as yet but
sparsely peopled and only in the incipient
stages of development, which shall in a few
short years absolutely quadruple the wealth
and population of the great western basin.
Nor is this all, sir. Manifest destiny points
to the period, whether we are greatly desirous
ol its approach or not, when there shall be
witnessed vast accessions of territory to our
already extended dominions. The whole of
the vast tracts that now lie north of our north-
ern boundaries are, in my opinion, and that
at a period by no means remote, destined to
form integral portions of our great Republic,
and southward we are ultimately to bear rule
to the Isthmus of Panama, and to own event-
ually tho Antilles. These views, in my opin-
ion, are not visionary. They press themselves
upon the contemplation even unbidden as the
legitimate sequence of what has so recently
transpired in our eventful history, though 1
would not stir a hand to hasten the period,
but would wait patiently till the fruit, ripening,
drops into our lap, till the people who dwell
in those localities, attracted by our superior
privileges under wise government, shall feel
that their highest interest shall invite them to
seek their happiness and more assured peace
and prosperity under the flag that protects us
and exalts human liberty.
And these regions are to become more espe-
cially identified in almost every substantial in-
terest with the great Mississippi valley. When
these events shall transpire, as assuredly they
must in great part at least, if not completely,
shall there be found any rational living human
being, except it may be some venerable old
maiden lady or widow who has from time im-
memorial kept boatding-housa in the city of
Washington, yho will not be sensible enough lb
see and admit that the. idea of rdtainhig' tho
capital in this eity, lifeless only as it is vitalized
by the presence of Government offiei&ls and
employes and the vast .public Business here
transacted and the many millions of tticf pfenple's
money here annually expended, is preposteiroiis
and absurd—so preposterous and absurd,' si#,
it seems to me, as to preclude the necessity of
argument?
The location of the national capital Some-
where in the center of sttch vast ttnmeEfesurdtt
wealth and power, kept and guarded by a fiajyu-
lation, judging from the past, that shall abound
in patriotic devotion and shall ever fondly cher-
ish the principles of human freedom, would
be exceedingly becoming. Here, secure from
alarm, amid the most furious storms of war
that may possibly in the future "beat upo'n .pur
borders, future generations would contemplate
it with infinitely, increased satisfaction arid
pride. I have, Mr. Speaker, thus in a very
cursory manner Only hinted at, soifle of the
considerations that are of weight in, this 6dn-
troversy. I have consulted with no iflan as to
the most appropriate line of argument U> bp
adopted in this discussion. In the subject I
have really no individual personal interests ;
nor are there any special personal interests of
mine, that I know of, that are likely to' be
affected by this question in the future.
I know that I but feebly represent the feel-
ing which has had a lodgment in the hearts of
the people of my section of the western coun-
try ever since their minds have been open to a
proper conception of the future greatness of
that valley, now already tho most noticeable
region in the entire civilized world. I how-
ever scarcely indulge the hope that this matter
will be settled during the continuance of the
decade now just entered upon, as local inter-
est ma,y perhaps exercise influence's sufficient!}-
potent to delay the enterprise; but those in-
fluences can never defeat it. In tho mean
time f apprehend that its friends will unyield-
ingly oppose any and all appropriations look-
ing to the crection of additional public build-
ings upon the present site, and will unceas-
ingly continue tho agitation of the_ subject,
prompted by considerations of national in-
terest alone, till victory shall crown our en-
deavors.
Tho notion is fondly cherished by those we
affect to laugh at this scheme that it can never
be accomplished for the reason that its friends
must inevitably fall out by the way, and never
come to an agreement upon another location.
I am, however, ready to assure them that no
comfort can be legitimately derived from such,
a source, as personal considerations are im-
measurably overtopped by the higher consider-
ations of great national interest, and in my
opinion, when the question of a site is the only;
one under consideration, it will amicably and
speedily reach a settlement, and with less agi-
tation and strife, and with less of bargain and
sale than was unquestionably connected witli
the settlement of the capital in its present loca-
tion. For one, sir, I can say that there are
several localities upon the banks of the Missis-
sippi that would be perfectly satisfactory to
myself, and upon some one of these 1 suppose
avast majority of the friends of the movement
could readily agree, and especially when they
realize that they must choose between some
one of these and" the present site.
Sir, with no narrow sectional feelings have
I ventured to enter upon the discussion of this
important subject; nor could I relish the theme
at all if I had any the least apprehension that
its success would prove disastrous to any par-
ticular section of our country, without tae
assurance that the beneficent results to tin-
whole people would immeasurably prepon-
derate over any local damages that may be
sustained, All minor interest must yiOid to
considerations of great public interests, and
