674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
here under tliis the people's Government we
are not to legislate in the interest of the few
merely, but of the many. So shall we rebuild
the waste places, and so shall v/e witness a
future development more sublime by far than
the world ever contemplated before.
Mr. Speaker, my time having_ well-nigh ex-
dired, a portion of which I desired to divide
with another gentleman on this floor, I shall
here close my remarks upon this subject and
leave for the present the farther discussion of
it to others more able than myself, uttering,
however, before I take my seat, the profound
conviction that as sure as God lives and pros-
perity shall attend us the power of empire
advancing westward, the seat of empire must
go with it.
THE FINANCES—NEEDFUL REFOBMS.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, the Republican
party, since its acquisition of power, has by its
bad faith and by its bungling and illogical policy
cost the people of this country untold and incal-
culable millions of dollars besides the vast sums
indicated by the balance-sheets of the Treasury
from year to year. It has not comprehended
the true relations of the Government to the
people nor regarded its most sacred obligations
toward either. It has legislated in a spirit of
levity and indifference, or of selfishness and
injustice, or of sectionalism and malignity; it
has established instability and uncertainty in
all the great and vital interests of business in
the country; it has demonetized gold and sil-
ver, the true constitutional currency, and lias
thus compelled the citizens engaged in all kind3
of business, trade, and commerce to embark
upon a sea so full of tides and storms as that
frequent shipwrecks are inevitable, and dan-
gerous and most expensive fluctuations in the
true relations of values are of almost daily
recurrence.
Bythese means, andby its onerous, unequal,
partial, and unjust systems of taxation by tariffs
and internal revenues, it has very nearly de-
stroyed our tonnage and commerce upon the
ocean, and rendered impossible successful com-
petition in the markets of the world by the sta-
ples and products of our country. The laws
of healthful international commerce require
the exchange of product for product; but this
law cannot be obeyed in our intercourse with
foreign nations, because our vicious currency,
swindling tariffs, and onerous taxation at home
have so increased the cost of production, and
burdened labor, and encouraged speculation
and monopolies, and unsettled prices, that for-
eign nations under better conditions and wiser
laws in these vital respects can produce cheaper
than we can, and can therefore undersell us
and gather the rich treasures and profits of
healthful and successful commerce. Thus the
boundless capacities and resources of our coun-
try and the wonderful energy, recuperative
power, and intelligent enterprise of onr people
are left undeveloped, or are crippled, over-
taxed, and discouraged. Hence it is that labor
is everywhere discontented, its efficiency is im-
paired, and it is making earnest search for some
means of relief, but generally without success,
because it seems notclearly to comprehend the
causes of its distress. It does not realize that
its chief enemy is the oppressive policy of
radicalism.
It is for the same reason that ever since the
country has been governed by its present rulers
our imports have exceeded in value ourexports
annually by hundreds ofmillionsof dollars. The
balance of trade has been constantly and most
injuriously against us, and to supply our lack
of sufficient amounts of legitimate products to
meet that balance we have been compelled to
export specie and bullion to the amount of over
sixty million dollars annually, thus sending
abroad the vital currents which will most en-
rich other nations and impoverish us, and with-
out which our restoration to that full measure
of national prosperity, development, and hap-
piness to which we are entitled, and which
under Democratic auspices our country en-
joyed, is simply impossible.
It is additionally true, and for the same rea-
son, that in order still further to supply that
balance our people have sent abroad in public
securities, Federal, State, and corporate, nearly
fifteen hundred million dollars, on which the
annual interest at six per cent, is $90,000,000.
With these burdens to bear and no reasonable
hope for early relief, is it strange that the peo-
ple are oppressed and cry aloud for help 1 Is
it not stranger still that they so patiently sub-
mit and struggle on against such adverse influ-
ences, and do not turn upon their unwise or
unfaithful rulers and hurl them from power?
The truth is, and the people should appreciate
it, that the policy of the Republican party, so
far as it affects the business, the finances, and
the commerce of the country, is in most vital
respects intrinsically immoral and dishonest,
and its existence and enforcement have done
more to corrupt the public morals and check
the progress of true development and civiliza-
tion than all other causes combined during the
last decade. It has thus inflicted wounds upon
the country from which it cannot hope fully to
recover for many years, even after the party
who now wields our destinies and trifles with
our most sacred rights and interests have been
succeeded by wiser and better rulers.
Mr. Speaker, I propose, under a sense of
public duty, to consider a lew of the great
questions which have at all times for several
years demanded the most patient and profound
attention of Congress. But that demand was
never more impressive than it is to-day. It
comes now from the people staggering under
heavy burdens and invoking aid against im-
pending disaster. It is a universal popular
prayer for reforms ; honest, rational, effective
reforms, based upon intelligent principles of
true public policy and administration, estab-
lished in the interests of all the people, not of
the few, of the rich, of money, of individual
and corporate monopolies, but of all. The
people are rapidly coming to believe that the
Government in its practical administration is
partial, unjust, unequal toward classes and sec-
tions ; that it has favorites, and serves them at
the expense of the people ; that it legislates to
promote certain selfish interests of the owners
of the vast aggregated wealth of the country,
and is controlled by them ; and that it no
longer cherishes any sincere sympathy with
the toiling millions of our country. These
opinions are justified by existing conditions,
laws, and policy, andby the conduct of present
rulers.
Yet the public situation, deplorable as it is,
is not irremediable. If true statesmanship
presided in the councils of the nation and di-
rected public affairs, intelligent, effective, and
certain remedies would be speedily adopted
and inaugurated. Then, as time proceeded
and the wiser and better policy became estab-
lished, the people's burdens would grow lighter,
prosperity revive, production multiply, com-
merce flourish again, wealth increase every-
where, labor rejoice, and the public revenues
be generous and ample, and the public faith
preserved. But when in the midst of popu-
lar suffering and of universal stringency and
depression the Chief Magistrate and his Cab-
inet can perceive no necessity for great, rad-
ical, and immediate reforms, and only recom-
mend stubborn persistence in existing policy
and conditions, and chiefly advise a gradual
contraction of the currency and speedy return
to specie payments, it is vain to expect any
effective relief. It may be promised, but will
not be realized. They seem to have embraced
the delusion that the mere monetary policy of
the Government is an isolated and independ-
ent part of its machinery, not complicated and
interlaced with all the other parts, and that a
remedy may bo secured through it alone, as
if when the whole body is diseased the anti-
dote may be effectually applied to a single
limb.
Mr. Speaker, I make no quarrel with the
Administration because it desires a resump-
tion of specie payments. In the restoration
of a sound currency, the currency which "has
given us the greatest happiness and prosperity
in the past, the currency so long and success-
fully maintained by the Democratic party, the
currency of international commerce, of the
world, and of civilization, I recognize one of
the supreme objects of just public concern.
But to seek even so great a good in ways that
are inefficient and illogical, and only portend
continued failure and disaster, is just cause
for the severest criticism. Resumption should
not be delayed a month beyond the period
when it shall have become practicable without a
dangerous and injurious shock to the prosper-
ity and business of the country. It is a great
end, which should be approached not hastily
and empirically, but with a full appreciation
of the necessary conditions-precedent to its
safe and successful accomplishment. It is not
now practicable. There is no royal road to
resumption. It cannot be accomplished by
any mere act or device of legislation. No
congressional declaration or official sleight-
of-hand can reestablish it. It can only result
from a general condition of the country. That
condition must be the growth of time and the
offspring of many concurrent reforms in our
domestic and foreign policy. These reforms
should be thorough, impartial, and compre-
hensive, and should be honestly inaugurated
at the earliest possible time, and then con-
sistently maintained until their ripened fruits
shall have brought relief and prosperity to the
people.
In any attempt to indicate in what they
should consist it will be impossible to do more
than briefly to state them. I therefore proceed
somewhat in detail to do so as they commend
themselves to my judgment. First and chief
among the needful reforms now demanded to
relieve the people and reestablish the pros-
perity of the country is a reduction of tax-
ation, of the direct and excessive burdens upon
industry, labor, and general capital, which are
contributed annually to support the Govern-
ment; and also of those incidental, delusive,
unseen, and too often unappreciated taxes,
imposts, excises and duties which arise out
of our abitrary and unjust systems of tariffs,
and no part of which ever reaches the Treas-
ury of the United States, and the amount of
which no man can estimate, but which it is
safe to assume exceeds many times the vast
sums actually paid to the Government. The
productive capacities and energies of the peo-
ple must be relieved speedily. The extreme
excess of the exactions to which they are now
subjected is sufficient to discourage and dis-
hearten them. These exactions fatally crip-
ple production, aggravate prices, diminish com-
merce, and interfere with the essential welfare
of mankind.
The average annual sums withdrawn from the
earnings or property of the people for the sup-
port of the Federal Government during the last
three fiscal years, reduced to currency value,
amount to $■174,000,000. Add to this vast
sum the annual taxation for the support of
State, county, city, and town governments, the
amount of which there is unfortunately no
means of exactly ascertaining, but which
throughout the country it is entirely safe to
assume averages two per cant, on the assessed
value of all property, and the burden becomes
so excessive and unparalleled that if continued
it cannot fail, with the aid of a vicious cur-
rency, to reta'-d our progress and impoverish
our people. Even our youthful vigor, bound-
ing energies, and mighty recuperative powers
as a nation cannot save us from the blighting
curse of such exhausting taxation. I doubt if
any civilized people on the earth are annually
stripped of so large a percentage of their gross
