1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
earnings for the support of their Government
as the citizens of this country.
Wealth can only be multiplied by produc-
tion. It can never be honestly legislated into
existence ; but it cannot be successfully multi-
plied while compelled to bear such crushing
burdens. The false policy of immediate or
speedy payment of the public debt should be
abandoned. It can only be prosecuted in the
midst of spasmodic and extravagant efforts,
alike unjust to the present and the future, to
the people and to capital. An immediate and
large reduction of taxation will infinitely better
develop the resources and promote the solvency
of the country than a present rapid reduction
of the public debt. The annual and necessary
expenditures of the Government should be
reduced by many millions by practicable re-
trenchment and economy. Under wiser laws
the revenues might be much more cheaply col-
lected. Extravagant and useless expenditures
and unnecessary offices should be at once dis-
continued. Good faith, that cardinal virtue so
little practiced in the political policy of the
Republican party, demands an honest reduc-
tion of the expenses of the Government—not
empty promises alone.
There should be an early and thorough re-
vision of the internal revenue laws. Many of
their impositions are useless because substan-
tially unproductive of revenue, and offensive
and unpopular because in their character in-
quisitorial ; and highly injurious, because they
aggravate general prices very much in excess
of what they produce in revenue. The realiza-
tion of large revenues by no means requires
high rates of taxation. Moderate and reason-
able rates, prudently adjusted to the capacities
of production, generally yield more liberal rev-
enues. There is conclusive evidence of this
great truth in many of our experiences. The
whisky duty of two dollars per gallon produced
in the fiscal year 1868 only $13,000,000; but
in 1869 the lower duty of fifty cents per gallon
produced $81,000,000. The reduced rates of
postage have generally produced in a short
time increased revenues to the Department.
The same results have attended successive
reductions in the rates for telegraphing. The
history of our tariffs prior to the war supplies
numerous andimpressive examples of the same
truth. The uniformity of these results dis-
closes a great principle—that high rates of tax-
ation defeat their own objects, while moderate
rates, judiciously imposed, encourage industry,
greater production, increased wealth, greater
ability to pay, and thus very soon secure more
generous and ample revenues. Let this rule be
applied in the recasting of our excise law. We
can thus cheapen collection, reduce the tempta-
tions to evasion and fraud, and not reduce the
amount of taxes realized below what the Gov-
ernment needs, with a reasonable surplus to be
applied in reduction of the debt, and yet very
materially mitigate the cost of production, re-
lieve labor and prices, and promote general
prosperity and content. Besides, the taxes
should be so distributed as to bear most lightly
upon labor, the products of agriculture, the
necessaries of life, and the costs of travel,
transportation, and knowledge.
That these important principles are wholly
disregarded in the existing laws requires no
serious argument to establish. The daily ex-
perience and observation of all intelligent, citi-
zens engaged in the ordinary pursuits of the
country attest it. The law is now in many im-
portant respects vexatious, expensive, oppress-
ive, and unequal. Upon some forms of pro-
duction and industry it is absolutely prohibitory,
and annually causes the loss of immense values.
It discriminates very disgracefully and unjustly
in favor of large dealers or manufacturers and
of large wealth and powerful combinations,
and against small dealers, the poor and weak,
the common people. It thus in many of the
industries of the country directly discourages
the latter classes and favors the strong and
powerful, the cunning and unscrupulous. The
bitter experience of thousands of business men,
farmers, mechanics, and manufacturers in the
West, bears constant testimony to this truth.
The boasted equality of republicanism long
ago degenerated into the boldest and basest of
class legislation. Instead of equal laws and
equal burdens to all, they have given protec-
tion, power, and plunder to the rich, the mo-
nopolists, ike favorites, and indifference, heavy
loads, and poverty to the people. In all this
there must be reform before there can be gen-
eral prosperity.
But we need other reforms, and chiefly and
most imperatively in that vicious system of tax-
ation based upon fraud, deception, favoritism,
arid false economy called a tariff. By its
steady increase during the last ten years it has
become a source of incalculable loss to the
people ; and it is now a grinding, stupendous
swindle upon the country, robbing the poor,
the laborers, the consumers, in order to make
princely fortunes for the rich ; discriminating
against agriculture in orslerto build up power-
ful and wealthy monopolies in the various
modes of mechanical production ; compelling
the whole country to pay enormous tribute to
the iron and coal mongers of the East, thus
adding, together with other excesses' of the
tariff and excise taxes, nearly fifty per cent.
to the cost of steamboats, ships, and railroads,
and the general manufactured products of iron
and steel, all of which must ultimately be
borne by the people in increased prices,
freights, and rates of travel; so that nearly all
the just profits of agricultural and many
other pursuits are absorbed in the excessive
cost of transportation, and all our domestic
commerce is over-burdened, its legitimate earn-
ings to the people are cruelly and dishonestly
reduced, audits chief profits are gathered into
the coffers of the powerful corporations.
The great duty of the Government to adjust
tariff taxation with reference chiefly to the
collection of reasonable revenue is wholly
neglected. The people are now compelled to
pay the enormous tax of not less than fifty per
cent, on an average on all dutiable imports.
During the last four fiscal years the average
annual revenue from customs was $174,981,345
in gold, and yet the cost to the people caused
by the tariff system is simply incalculable, but
is certainly many times as great as the amount
actually collected. The duties on hundreds of
imports are absolutely prohibitory and exclude
them entirely from the country, making the
monopoly complete. The duty on salt is over
one hundred and fifty per cent., although that
is an article of universal and indispensable
consumption. The duties on the various arti-
cles which constitute the clothing of the peo-
ple is equal to an average of at least one third
of their cost. Yet the revenues derived from
this enormous taxation bear no just relation
whatever to the amount exacted from the peo-
ple. It is fairly estimated that the duty on
imported lumber alone cost the people last
year $30,000,000, but the Treasury only col-
lected therefrom $660,140.
The duty on pig-iron is nine dollars per ton,
and the product in the country is at a low esti-
mate fifteen hundred thousand tons, and the
duty would therefore be §14,500,000, but the
Treasury received only §1,025,909. The tariff
taxes paid by the people on account of the
duty on bar-iron are not less than $20,000,000,
but the Government collected in revenue only
$1,204,704. So on railroad iron : the people
pay at least $14,000,000 on account of the
tariff, but the Government received last year
only $1,041,878. But I must not further par-
ticularize. Who gets the balance of these
taxes ? The people do not. The laborers do
not. The consumers do not. None of these
profit by them to any material extent. On the
contrary, they are all injured, swindled, out-
raged by them, and are thereby compelled to
pay enormously increased prices for all they
eat, drink, wear, or enjoy; but the rich, the
monopolists; the "ring" masters of the coun-
try, reap unjust profits and immense incomes.
For example, the Onondaga Salt; Company,
consisting of about thirty men, with a capital
of $160,000, in five or six years have distrib-
uted in dividends about four million five hun-
dred thousand dollars, and had a surplus of
near half a million left. Such facts are more
eloquent than any words I can employ. Laws
and policy which bear such results merely
legalize robbery. Ancient Sparta permitted
theft, and only punished the unskillful thief
for being caught at it. The willful protection-
ists of to-day ought to be punished on this
principle, if on no higher.
Those who clamor for protection constitute
hut a small portion of the people of the country.
Their interests should command no more of
the favor or solicitude of the Government than
those of the people generally. It is estimated
that the total aggregate products of all the in-:
dustries of the country last year amounted to
$6,000,000,000. More than one half of all that
was the result of agriculture. Only $250,000,-
000, less than four per cent, of the whole, con-
sisted of the total products of iron, woolens,
and cottons. In the production of the latter
amount a little over three hundred thousand
persons were engaged, while over twelve mil-
lion five hundred thousand were engaged in tho
production of the other values. Yet nearly all
our iniquitous tariff lawsand duties are inspired,
begotten, and imposed in the interest of this
small number and in a spirit of cruel injustice
and enmity against all the others. To guar-
anty undue, unnatural, and excessive profits
to these few, the many, the great body of the
people, are compelled to pay their full propor-
tion of all public burdens, and at tho same
time to pay incalculable millions as tribute for
the benefit of the few. To serve the latter
they have been shorn of their sacred rights of
freedom of exchange and to eDjoy the inesti-
mable advantages of fair competition, of honest
prices, and equal laws.
If tariffs must exist, the people are entitled
by the clearest principles of personal liberty
to demand that they shall be so adjusted as to
cripple production as little as possible, because
it is only by the most successful and abundant
production that the needful resources from
which taxes can be paid may be derived. As
a general principle, therefore, imposts should
be chiefly charged against imported articles of
luxury and such other articles of commerce as
cannot be produced at all in our country. Such
duties never fail to produce the greatest amount
of revenue with the least material effect on gen-
eral prices, the most inconsiderable loss to the
people, and the least injury to domestic produc-
tion. But all these principles are shamefully
violated by the present laws.
Mr. Speaker, this system must be reformed.
The great West must in thunder tones demand
it, or consentto be impoverished anddegraded.
The tariff must be readjusted, greatly reduced,
ana so imposed as to produce the revenue
needed and no more, with such reference to mere
protection as may be reasonably incidental to
the amount of revenue demanded. The rules
and principles to which I referred in speaking
of our internal taxation should be observed in
the adjustment of tariff duties, and will not
fail to firoduce the most beneficial results.
When this great reform is accomplished, then
the more prosperous, happy, and glorious days
of our country will begin to dawn upon us
again ; the just rewards of labor, of agricul-
ture, and of the mechanic arts, will be more
fully enjoyed by the people ; the cost of living,
of production, and of government, will be re-
duced; the great and beneficent law of pom-
petition, both in domestic and international
production, will be revitalized and will confer
boundless blessings upon the people; the
strangled and dying commerce, trade, and
tonnage of our country will speedily revive,
