676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
regain its wonted extent, vigor, and competi-
tive power ■, and then thy equilibrium of inter-
national commerce way be restored, the bal-
ance of trade be transferred to ua, as it was
before the late war and the rale of Radicalism,
the currents of the, precious metals be turned
toward ps, and then our greenbacks will more
speedily appreciate, gold and silver will return
to and accumulate in our country, the rates of
interest will decline, the profits of massed cap-
ital become more reasonable and legitimate^
and resumption of specie payments will be
practicable, natural, and unavoidable.
But there is another reform, the inaugura-
tion of which could not fail to contribute very
directly and effectively to the restoration of
that general condition out of which resumption
can arise. It is the abandonment of that abom-
inable, cruel, and barbarous policy of perse-
cution against the States lately in rebellion.
The congressional system of reconstruction has
proven to be productive chiefly of discontent,
discord, and oppression; of bad rulers in those
States and bad government badly administered,
with heavy burdens, excessive and unnecessary
taxes, and depressed industry. The opposite
policy of kindness, liberal government, and
strict regard for the principles of civil liberty
and the Constitution of the United States
would long since have given birth to new
loyalty, more earnest patriotism, generous con-
fidence, general content, and fraternal feelings;
and from these conditions would have arisen an
infinitely more complete and beneficial recon-
struction of the South, both political and ma-
terial. Its devastated fields and plantations
would have been vastly more fully restored to
fruitfulness; its towns and cities rebuilt and
rendered prosperous; its labor element more
industrious, productive, and happy, and more
wisely adjusted to their new relations ; its great
staples oi cotton, sugar, tobacco, and rice pro-
duced in very much greater abundance; its gain
from the influx of immigration and capital from
other States very greatly multiplied ; its great
mineral wealth more extensively developed,
and its general prosperity and recuperation
more fully established.
Out of the multiplied wealth resulting from
these conditions the Government would have
received rich contributions to the revenues of
the country; the burdens of the North would
have been proportionately reduced, and the
incubus removed from general production.
The capacity of the South to aid in the great
work of restoring the currency and the pros-
perity of the whole country is not sufficiently
appreciated. Prior to the war the staples of
the South supplied the greatest part of the
export commerce of the United States, and
they contributed more than all other exports
to maintain the balance of trade in our favor
and to replenish our demands for the precious
metals, to keep up the due proportion between
the amounts of our specie and credit curren-
cies. Theycan be made to do so in the future.
1 he following table is exceedingly significant
and deserves careful consideration in connec-
tion with my general remarks:
Exports af domestic produce from tile Uiiited States,
Years.
Specie and
oullion.
Merchandise.
Total.
1 St>7 
18B8 
im 
V<
O
$383,746,032 | £440,722,228
370,555,738 ! 454,301,713
371,038,649 ! 413,954,015
_ But the table which I next present is de-
signed to illustrate the vast extent to which
the whole country is interested in the pros-
perity and productive capacities of the south-
ern States. The estimates of exports from the
ports of the South exclude Baltimore, except
as to exports of cotton, rice, tobacco, and naval
stores. The estimates include fifty per cent,
of the tobacco shipped from northern ports,
as at least that proportion of it was produced
in the States lately in rebellion.
Imports of products of Stotes lately -lurel'Mion,
Years.
1867..
1868..
1869..
Spocie and
bullion from
southern
ports.
Merchandise
produced in
southern
States.
3701,326
235,282
60,929
$223.821,9$7
180,652,428
191,012,639
Total.
#224,523,313
180,887,710
191,073,568
Thus it appears that very little specie or bul-
lion is exported or reexported from southern
porta. But chiefly important in this table is
the great fact that, even in their humiliation
and deep adversity, with" greatly exhausted
energies and wasted country, the States of the
South have furnished on an average during the
last three years over fifty-five per cent, of the
entire exports, except specie and bullion, from
the United States. With but little over one
fourth of the population and less than one
twentieth of the financial and material resources
of the whole country, estimated in money value,
the impoverished States of the South, in the
midst and in spite of persecution, agitation,
political empiricism and oppression, have con-
tributed more than all the balance of the coun-
try to prevent the complete destruction of our
foreign commerce, and to prevent the balance
of trade becoming so great against us as to
render more complete the drain of our public
securities and precious Metals to pay for our
excessive imports.
Under a more humane and just policy their
contributions to the commerce of the whole
country would have been much greater, the
reSstablishment of national prosperity, com-
mercial independence of other nations, and a
sound currency, much more speedy and cer-
tain. Their contributions at the same time
to the volume of our domestic commerce, their
purchases and consumption of the products of
the North, and their progress in all the ele-
ments of material, social, and political im-
provement, would have been very greatly has-
tened to the incalculable advantage of the whole
Unionand of the world. Itappearsto me that
the management of Radicalism in these matters
could not well be more suicidal, foolish, and
criminal than it has been hitherto. The coun-
try should demand reform in these respects.
Those States should not longer be considered
hostile provinces, fit only to be enslaved and
plundered by hungry partisans, and used to
promote their schemes for party ascendency.
But other reforms are demanded, which 1
fear Republican leaders will never in good faith
attempt, because their masters, the money-
lenders and financial monopolists of the coun-
try, will forbid them.
There is a stupendous monopoly in this coun-
try which consists in our system of national
banks. It presents a consolidation of mone-
tary power and a close brotherhood in interest
for the accomplishment of selfish results which
is without a parallel in the world. Its exist-
ence with its present powers and franchises is
not, beneficial; in its aggregate results and in-
fluences, in my judgment, it is moat pernicious
and dangerous. It combines the proper, use-
ful, and legitimate business of banking with
the illegitimate and dangerous function of cur-
rency-making. They should be forever sepa-
rated. They have no necessary or proper
connection. Their union is illicit. In combi-
nation they do not tend to promote the highest
interests of true national currency, or of gen-
eral business, trade, or commerce. They
encourage instability and injurious expansions
and contractions in the volume of the currency
from time to time. They have been quite uni-
formly united in this country, and ^our past
experience impressively vindicates the truth of
what I say. They have never given stability to
our currency, or safety, uniformity, or settled
prosperity to the industry, varied enterprises,
or commerce of our country. In my judgment
they never will, and therefore their inconsistent
functions should be forever divorced. When-
ever in our past history the country was over-
taken by financial disaster or ruin the most
efficient causes were traceable to this illicit con-
nection of the proper business of banking with
the making of a credit currency.
True and legitimate banking can be mostuse-
fully, successfully, and profitably conducted
without the power to malee a dollar of currency.
It is now being done by many banks; in this
country. It has been done for many centuries
past with signal success in all other commer-
cial countries. It is don® all over the United
Kingdom of Great Britain, a very small por-
tion of whose five thousand banks issue their
own notes, and yet they generally make large
dividends. The Bank of England has a capital
of £14,000,000, and holds an average amount
of deposits per annum of about twenty million
pounds, and declares annual dividends of six or
seven per cent., and issues its ownbillsin large
amounts. The three other principal banks in
London, the London and Westminster, the
Union, and the London Joint Stock, without
the power to issue a dollar of currency, have
an aggregate paid-up capital of about two mil-
lion four hundred thousand pounds, and de-
posits to the amount of over forty-six million
pounds, and have realized very much larger
net profits, making an average rate of profits
or dividends in many years exceeding thirty
per cent, per annum.
Yet it is true that the average rate of inter-
est there is not half as great as it is in the
United States. It is also true that the vari-
ations in the volume of the currency, in the
rates of interest, in the prices of commodities,
and in the profits of industry, enterprise, cap-
ital, and commerce in England, from 1844 to
1858 inclusive, were less by more than fifty
per cent, than in the United States. The
same facts are true of previous and subsequent
periods. The Bank of Hamburg has existed
since 1619, over two hundred and fifty years,
and never issued a bill, never expanded the
currency, and therefore never had occasion
to contract it, never suspended specie pay-
ments for an hour, and has always done a
legitimate business and been most serviceable
to the public and the people.
I believe that banks and other financial cor-
porations may be made as harmless as they
may be useful by their complete and absolute
separation from the business of currency-mak-
ing and by their freedom from all entangling
and intermeddling connection with the Gov-
ernment and its current policy and politics.
The Supreme Court, in the late case of the
Veazie Bank vs. Fenno, by a strong majority
of the judges have decided that, under the
Constitution, it is competent for Congress to
issue and regulate a credit currency as well as
the coin, currency of the country, and in order
to establish its use to tax out of existence any
credit-currency created under State authority.
This decision does not command the approval
of my judgment, but it may now be accepted
as the law of the land on that subject. If it
load to a total separation of all financial insti-
tutions from all control or influence over the
making of currency and aid the country in a
more ppeedy return to a constitutional and
specie basis, 1 shall -rejoice that it was made.
The general considerations to which 1" have
referred conduct me to another conclusion,
that it is no part of the proper business of gov-
ernment to create a credit currency at the ex-
pense of the people and supply ir, with or with-
out security, to any system of banks or other
financial corporations as a capital upon which
they may transact business, earn profits, and
enjoy great advantages and valuable privileges
over all other classes of citizens. This proposi-
tion involves a principle of such obvious justice
as that it should command general approval.
All the other pursuits of the people are car-
ried on and sustained only by the legitimate and
honest capital of the persons engaged in them.
That is the universal law planted in our being,
