1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
sage of this act, and $10,000,000 within ninety days
after the passage of this act, and the remaining
$14,000,000 within one hundred and twenty days after
"the passage of this act.
Sec. 2. That with the said notes the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby further directed to purchase any of
the gold interest-hearing bonds, at the lowest rate at
which they can beprociired, tothe amount o/S44.000.000,
or so much thereof as he can purchase with the notes
authorized to be issued by this act.
If it become a law its execution at the average
rate paid for bonds by the Secretary prior to
December 80, 1869, will cost the people over
seven million dollars in premiums to the bond-
holders, making the debt they will sooner or
later have to pay over fifty-one million dollars
instead of $44,000,000, and will purchase only
a little over thirty-six million dollars in bonds,
and all this in order to get into circulation in
the city of New York the $44,000,000 in green-
backs. If such a bill, distinctly and honestly
proposed to put such an amount of greenbacks
into circulation by the redemption with them
of an equal amount of the bonds now payable
in the currency of the country, it would receive
my support as a member of this House.
But there is an excess of revenues over ex-
penditures, and it should be used to the best
advantage consistent with public faith to re-
duce the people's burdens. In my judgment,
it should be expended, therefore, m the re-
demption, not in the purchase of the bonds,
and they should be redeemed at par only and
with the common currency of the country,
except the ten-forties, which are expressly
payable in gold and none ox which are yet
due. The bonds as they were issued and sold
by the Government were all registered on the
books of the Treasury and designated by their
respective dates, numbers, and series. It is
easily practicable, therefore, to call them in
for redemption in the precise order in which
they were issued. This should be done as fast
as there is any surplus and at brief intervals ;
and if after reasonable notice from the Treas-
urer for the surrender of any specified amount
of the bonds of certain dates, numbers, and
series for redemption, they are not returned
the interest thereon should cease. This process
is simple and practicable, and would be dis-
tinctly j ust and equitable.
To redeem the outstanding greenbacks with
the surplus revenue would contract the cur-
rency, and thus disturb and injure the material
interests of the country. To redeem them in
gold would be unjust toward the mass of hold-
ers until the country can resume specie pay-
ments and treat all alike ; and it would also
contract the currency and thus produce mis-
chief, because the gold so used now would not
find its way into the general circulation or ma-
terially aid in preparing the way toward specie
payments, but would mainly move in a brief
circle from the Treasury in redemption of the
greenbacks through gold brokers and gam-
blers, back again to the same in payment of cus-
toms, or it would speedily go abroad to meet
the greater demand there in payment of our
very large annual interest indebtedness to for-
eign nations, or of our excess of imports over
exports.
Our present abnormal relations to the com-
merce of the world are such as to force an ex-
cessive proportion of our gold abroad, whether
produced in this country or not. Nothing but
a restoration of more equal and prosperous
commerce by the general means to which I
have referred can prevent such exportation.
No legal enactments can doit. Every attempt
of the kind in the history of the world has been
a signal failure. Spain while importing mil-
lions of the precious metals from her colonies
prohibited their exportation, and yet they
were continually exported, and Spain became
poorerand poorer because it habitually violated
the great laws of political economy, of produc-
tion, and commerce, as the Republican party
have been doing in this country for many
years.
It appears to me, therefore, that in every
view for the present and future welfare of the
country, for justice and equality between the
Government and the people, for the preven-
tion of material disturbance or fluctuation in
the volume of the currency, and for the legiti-
mate saving of interest and reduction of the
debt and taxes, sound policy requires that the
surplus shall be used in the redemption of
bonds as I have already indicated.
REMOVAL 01' THE CAPITAL.
Mr. LOGAN, Mr. Speaker, before com-
mencing to discuss the question on which I
propose to address the House, I send to the
Clerk's desk, and desire to have read, some
paragraphs from the Chronicle of this city, in
reference to a meeting which took place in the
city of Washington a few days ago.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A largo number of our most prominent citizens
assembled last night at Lincoln Hall for the purpose
of discussing- matters appertaining to the proposed
International Industrial Exhibition to be held in
this city in 1871. Among the many present were
noticed Chief Justice Casey, General O.O. Howard,
General Horace Capron, General Balloeh, Hon.
Henry Barnard, Commissioner of Education; Hon.
Charles Mason, ex-Commissioner of Patents; Messrs.
A. M. Clapp, P. IX. Hooe. H. Kilbourn, W. 11. Pet-
tibone, M. T. Parker, J. W. Coljoy, J. A. Kennedy,
J. W. Thompson, J. II. Grossman, J. W. Boteler,
Adolp Cluss, M. Thompson, H. Eashy, A. E. Perry,
It. J. Beoll, T. X. Fowler, Ilenry Willard. Joseph
Willard, A. S. Solomons, Simon Wolf. W. Wise, B.
W. Reed, John (1. Adams. Rev. 0. A. Bartholomew,
A. K. Br6wnc, T, MeGban, Alexander R. Shepherd,
C. I<\ Stansbury, Colonel J. Rerre!, M. de Bodisco,
and others.
" Mr. Kilbouru called the meeting to order, and
moved that Chief Justieo Casey take the chair;
which was carried unanimously.
Mr. LOGAN. The Clerk will now read the
speech of one of the gentlemen composing the
meeting.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Kilbourn then introduced thefollowingreso-
lution. which was passed unanimously:
' Resolved, That a committee of twenty be ap-
pointed by the Chair to wait upon Congress and urge
the passage of the bill granting a charter for the pro-
posed international exhibition to be held at the
national capital.
"Mr. Kilbourn, m offering the resolution, remarked
that he had no doubt but the bill would pass by alarge
majority. The District of Columbia had the right to
demand the charter. Since the passage of therev-
enue laws the District had paid into the Treasury
S3,500,000 ,13 a tax, excluding theincome tax of Gov-
ernment employee, which was six hundred per cent,
more than the State of Nevada—more than the
States of Nebraska, Kansas, andothers. Congress had
never given one acio of land to tho public schools of
the District, while it ha:; given millions of acres to tho
school;-of the West. Still the children of thousands
ot Government employe1-; visited theso schools at the
cxpenso of the taxpayers of this city. Congress not
being sal,isfioil with doing nothing for the city even
checked private enterprise, as it did in preventing
tho paving of Louisiana avenue in front of the Sea-
ton Hcm-e. Then it had stopped the erection of a
suitable market-houso on Louisiana avenue, allow-
ing that beautiful structure to remain which Mark
Twain consider.-, the finest market-house in the
world, known as the Center Market of Washington
citv. Ho hoped the committee appointed to urge
tiie passage of tho exhibition bill would not bog of
Congre-.- but domand it, as tho grievances of this
city arc more eriovous than were those of the Amer-
ican people when they threw the tea overboard at
Boston.
"Mr. Kilbourn received tho loud applause of tho
meeting on retiring, and had to resume his arguments,
after which it was moved to adjourn, but the motion
was lost."
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I had thought
forsome time that 1 probably would not indulge
in any argument with reference to the question
of the stability of the capital of the United
States at Washington city; that I would not
myself make any movement in that direction.
But when I saw the array of names associated
at a public meeting in the city of Washington
to offer the indictment that was preferred by
a gentleman of this city against the Congress
of the United States, in which we are charged
with committing offenses against^the rights of
the citizens of this District and city, graver
than were the offenses of England against our
forefathers before they threw the tea into
Boston harbor, and when 1 read that indict-
ment and saw that it was cheered to the echo
by the meeting. I then sat down to see if I
couid not put together some reasons why we
should relieve the present capital of the United
States of this great imposition that is being
inflicted on it by the Congress of the United
States.
Without being actuated by any spirit of
revenge or any ill-feeling toward the people of
this city, but believing it to be my duty, as a
Representative of aportion of the people of the
United States, to do that which I consider to
be just to all portions of this great country and
to all its citizens, I take occasion now to say
that at the proper time I will introduce into
Congress a resolution to the effect that a com-
mittee shall be organized for the purpose of
discovering, if possible, whether it is practica-
ble, constitutional, and feasible to move the
capital of the United States from the city of
Washington.
Mr. Speaker, as I intend at the proper time
to introduce a resolution embracing three very
important propositions, to wit, the constitution-
ality, practicability, and expediency of chang-
ing the seat of our General Government, I will
therefore consider these points seriatim. But
before entering directly upon the argument it
may be well to give a short sketch of the his-
tory of the location on the Potomac; and this
I desire to do not only because of its historic
value as connected with the early years of our
Republic, but also because it will bring before
us the opinions and feelings of the old fathers
of the nation in regard to the proper position
of the seat of Government.
And while it will reveal to us the influence
local preferences have upon the strongest minds
and noblest hearts, it will also bring before us
the clear enunciation of those grand principles
which must remain true as long as our nation
exists as a Republic. While it will show us
how far short they fell in their calculations as
to expansionin territory, population, andwealth
it will present to us the pleasing evidence that
the great fundamental principles of equal rights
and justice were then well understood and
maintained.
The old Continental Congress having traveled
from point to point, stopping a while at Phila-
delphia, Baltimore, Lancaster, York, Prince-
ton, Annapolis, Trenton, and New York, felt
there was a necessity for fixing upon some
central and convenient point with a view of
permanency. In 1784 the subject was takeu
up, and after considerable debate an ordinance
was passed appointing three commissioners to
lay out a district, not more than three nor less
than two miles square, on the Delaware river,
within eight miles of the falls. Forsome reason
not well understood at this time these commis-
sioners never entered upon their duties.
The adoption of the Constitution in 1787,
with the clause concerning the seat of Govern-
ment, left the subject again open for further
action. On the 27th day of August, 1789,
during the first session of the First Congress
under the new Constitution, Mr. Thomas Scott,
of Pennsylvania, introduced the following res-
olution :
"That a permanent residence ought to bo fixed
for the General Government of tho united States at
some convenient place near the center of wealth,
population, and extent of territory as may be con-
sistent with convenience to the navigation of the
Atlantic ocean and having due regard to the partic-
ular situation of the western country."—Annals of
Congress, vol. 1, p. 816.
This brought on a series of long and heated
discussions, during which, on the 7th day of
Septemberofthesameyear, aresolution passed
the House—
" That the permanent seat of the Government of
the United States ought to be at some convenient
place on tho banks of the Susquehanna in the State
of Pennsylvania."—Annals of Congress, vol. 1, p. 919-
A bill was then introduced to carry this into
effect, which brought up muchopposition from
the southern members, especially those trom
Virginia, who contended that the banks of the
Potomac afforded the most suitable location
and would ultimately be the most central posi-
tion. Mr. Madison threw the whole weight or
his vast influence in favor of this point.
Notwithstanding this opposition the bill
passed the House by a vote of ayes 31. noes
