682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
come up ere long from the mighty West, yea,
and from the North, au echo that will awake
the fossils here from their fancied security.
I wish no injury to this eity or the people of
this District; on the contrary, if the capital is
removed Iwould say let us do all in our power
to counteract the influence such a removal
would have upon the citizens. There are com-
pensatory measures which might be adopted,
and I would say do it notwithstanding their
sneers at our efforts now. But I do desire to
seejustice done to the people of the whole
natisn. The constitutional objection is a
quibble to hide their weakness on the other
points. Let the question be met fairly. Is
it feasible; is it expedient? Does justice to
the people at large demand it? These are the
points which merit our attention. And it is
the interest of the citizens of this District and
of the Government that these questions be
fairly and thoroughly considered now. If a
removal is inevitable why keep this people in
continued suspense? Why continue to spend
money here that may and will be thrown away ?
It would be better to use that money in build-
ing railroads and opening up lines of com-
merce and trade for this city to indemnify it
against loss, than thus to spend it and then
remove and let it be lost.
FEASIBILITY.
The constitutional question having been dis-
posed of, the next one that arises is the feasi-
bility. Can it be done? In this age of progress
and advancement, when science and art are
making such rapid strides, leaping over ob
stacles the preceding generation set down as
impassable, it seems strange that such an objec-
tion should be made. In this age, when steam
is made to do our work and carry our burdens,
the lightning to carry our messages and the
sun to print our pictures, such an objection as
tins seems to me to be moving backward on
the dial-face of science.
Wherein does the difficulty lie? Is it that
the blocks of marble and granite of the public
buildings cannot be transported ? Is this the
great trouble that stands in the way ? I would
nsk, sir, if these blocks were taken from quarries
in this District, or found here ready to be laid
up ? Does the rich and exceedingly fertile soil
immediately around the capital cover quarries
of such varied materials as compose these
structures? If I am correctly informed the
sandstone of the central portion of this build-
ing was brought from Aquia creek, the marble
of the "extensions" from thequarries of Lee.
Massachusetts, and thehuge columns and blocks
of granite in the Treasury buildingfromQuincy,
in the same State. It does not appear, then,
to have been an impossibity to transport these
even in their rough state from their distant beds
to this "city of magnificent distances." Nor
do I find any record of this objection having
been made then, and if it was the result showed
it to bewithoutfoundation. Ihaveeven failed
to find among the files of Washington papers
of that period any cuts ridiculing the idea of
such transportation.
But I am told that there is water communi-
cation by which heavy freight could be trans-
ported between these distant points. This is
true, sir; and if I am not wholly mistaken in
regard to the great valley beyond the Allegha-
nies, there is a stream running through it to the
Gulf of Mexico called the Mississippi which
affords communication with the Atlantic ocean.
11 may not be as celebrated as the Tiber of this
District, which Moore has immortalized, but I
think it is navigable for as large vessels. If
there are any doubts on this point they could
soon be dispelled by giving notice that propo-
sals for this purpose would be received. The
number that would flow in upon us would satisfy
the mostincrcdulous. that the practical men of
our country had no doubt as to the feasibility
of the project. Why. sir, I can find a dozen
firms either of which would take the whole
contract alono, and, what is better, they would
accomplish it, too.
But is it necessary to move these buildings?
Is this is a sine qua non upon which the re-
moval of the seat of Government depends?
By no means. Large and imposing as they
are, yet they are not of dimensions and ar-
rangements suited to the rapidly-increasing
growth and necessities of the various Depart-
ments. Some of them are of mixed construc-
tion, devoid of unity in design, and awkward
in appearance. Even if the seat of Govern-
ment should remain here the day will come
when it will be deemed necessary to remedy
these, defects. We have quarries west of the
mountains as well as east of them. Suitable
building material can be procured there as
well as here; and we could leave these struc-
tures to Maryland for a capital, and thus, in
part at least, compensate for the loss of our
presence.
As before remarked the West in asking for
the removal of the seat of Government has no
wish to injure the citizens of this District, but
her people do most emphatically demur to the
idea that it must not be done for fear the board-
ing-houses here may lose their boarders and
the real-estate owners their tenants ; that the
good of the nation at large must be made sub-
servient to the welfare of a little district less
than ten miles square. It is also insisted by
some that by such a removal the files of papers,
documents, &c., in the various Departments
and offices would be so deranged that they
could never be brought into order again. Sir,
such objections as these are but subterfuges
resorted to by those interested in the Govern-
ment remaining here. And they are used be-
cause they have no stronger arguments to bring
forward, and hope thus to hedge up the way
to the real and only issue.
T would be sorry to have no higher opinion
of the honorable gentlemen at the heads of the
Departments and bureaus than this. It is, in
fact, an indirect slander upon them. It is at-
tributing to them the want of that ability which
may be found in many a clerk of an inferior
court. Sir, the affairs of these Departments
have been brought to that perfect system that,
if required, they could have every paper and
document in San Francisco in six months'
time, and all arranged if proper officers were
ready for their reception. A slight delay in
the transaction of business would in all prob-
ability occur; this perhaps could not be pre-
vented. But with the length of time wfiich
would be given for preparation while the build-
ings were being erected arrangements could
and would be made that would prevent any
check upon the necessary operations of Gov-
ernment. Sir, the cannots and impossibles are
growing fewer now than they used to be. In-
tellect and genius are learning to feel and ap-
preciate more and more the vast powers within
their grasp, and as the necessities arise they
are being brought into requisition and use.
EXPENSE.
Another objection on the score of economy
is presented. We hear it stated that it would
require the outlay of millions of money at a
time when our nation is groaning under an
enormous debt, and therefore we should not
urge the proposition now. If this were true
to th'e extent claimed, which I do not admit,
it would not be a valid objection against the
great and vital principles which demand its
removal.
And such an objection surely comes with
ill grace from a citizen of Washington or the
District of Columbia. Not only have we spent
here the money required in erecting the public
buildings belonging exclusively to the national
Government and used by its officers, but for
this District we have spent the money of the
national Treasury in building gas and water-
works, in bridging the Potomac, in grading
streets, in paying police, in the erection and
maintaining various eleemosynary institutions,
in building prisons, pffices, &c., too numer-
ous to name at this time. And the very per-
sons who have received the benefit of these
expenditures and have grown rich upon them
turn round and coolly inform us that we have
spent too much upon them to leave them;
and fearing that the bill of expenditures has
not assumed sufficient proportions to frighten
us from this move, are now taxing their in-
genuity to persuade us to invest more money
here.
I do not complain of their desire to get what
they can, for this is in accordance with grasp-
ing human nature. But to be told that we
have given too much to get away is certainly
the very climax of impudence. Have our out-
lays impoverished us so that we cannot leave?
I have often heard this is the case with indi-
viduals who come to Washington, but I was
not aware it was the case with the Govern-
ment. If there is danger of this, then the sooner
we take our departure the better. What I Shall
our gifts, the benefits we have bestowed, be
used as chains to bind and imprison us in this
corner of the nation eternally ?
I do not regret that so much has been done
for Washington and vicinity ; it was right that
it should be done. But I do dislike to see this
fact used as a reason why justice should not
be done to the whole people. This certainly
indicates a degree of selfishness unparalleled.
But we are not legislating for the present only
but for the future generations also; and with-
out entering into a detail of the various items
of cost and income, I venture the assertion that
in twenty-five years it will be found the re-
moval has really cost the Government nothing.
The changes, repairs, new buildings, &c., that
will be necessary here to meet future wants
will in the end cost nearly or quite as much as
an entire new suite of necessary buildings in
the West.
The income from the sale of lots and grounds
at the site of the new capital will offset a con-
siderable portion of the expense. A confidence
in regard to permanency will be felt there that
cannot, be entertained here.
EXPEDIENCY.
The chief questions connected with this
subject, and the ones with which we are most
directly concerned, are these : ought the seat
of Government be removed from its present
position? And why? The where and the how
are after considerations. The great objects in
view in establishing our present form of gov-
ernment, as set forth in the preamble of the
Constitution, were these:
"To form a more perfect union, establish justice,
insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common
defense, promote tho general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity."
And for these noble purposes the Constitu
tion was framed and adopted.
Does the location of the seat of Government
haveany bearingupon any of these vital objects?
If not, then it would perhaps be unwise to dis-
turb or change what has been done. But if,
on the contrary, it does, then it behooves us as
faithful Representatives and agents of the peo-
ple to examine the matter carefully, and see
what locality within the bounds of our national
territory will tend most to the promotion of
these great ends. And in this investigation
we have three guides—reason, experience, and
the opinions of past and present statesmen and
men of thought.
Reversing this order, lot me ask what have
been the opinions of the statesmen who have
preceded us on this point? So far as they
have spoken, with few exceptions, they have
held that the seat of Government should be
central as to population and territory. This,
as we have already seen, was contemplated by
the first resolution introduced into Congress on
this subject, and admitted to be the true prin-
ciple which should govern in the selection by
all those who took part in the debate at that
time. Virginia, in the preamble to her act
of cession, uttered the same sentiment in the
strongest terms. And I believe this is to-day
and ever has been the sentiment of the great
majority of the people of this nation. One
