684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
kind regard for the old homestead, bat go forth
to the glory that awaits you."
The highest and brightest anticipations of
but twenty-five years ago have been over-
stepped. _ And even the drawback of the most
gigantic intestine war the world ever beheld
has scarcely caused a halt in our progress.
When Leutz painted his " Westward-the course
of empire takes its way" on the Capitol wall
he little thought the iron horse was so close
behind his emigrant train. The sound of Ben-
ton's words, "There is the East, and there is
India," had scarcely died away from his lips
till the finger of his statue, molded by a
woman's hand, was fixed pointing along the
iron road which spans the continent.
Sir, the West aslcs the removal of the seat
of Government thither because even now the
center of population falls within her limits, and
there it is destined to remain. She asks it
because the centers of agricultural, mineral,
and commercial wealth are found within her
borders. She asks it because the great nuclei
of artificial and natural highways will be found
there. She asks it because there must ulti-
mately be found the center of the great vital
forces of the nation.
These, sir, are not idle boasts, for the facts
and figures will sustain me in all tlies8 asser-
tions. Statistics, I know, are dry food for the
mind and unpalatable in an argument, but they
possess a logic against which all the powers of
oratory dash in vain ; therefore, I appeal to
them.
TERRITORY.
Iii 17S9, when the Constitution was adopted
and our nation began its existence really as the
United States, the area, of our possessions was
'>10,512 square miles. There were but thirteen
States, ocoupying_ a comparatively narrow strip
along the Atlantic slope. But now we count
the squaro miles of our territory by the million,
the entire area being 3,527,654 square miles,
and 2,950,201, exclusive of Alaska; showing
that there is in the one vast body, exclusive of
our boreal possessions, nearly three million
square miles, almost five times our area at the
commencement of the present century—an
average yearly increase of about thirty-seven
thousand square miles, enough to have formed
a new State at each afinual meeting of Congress.
Where, sir, is the nation that can show such a
record as this ? And what has been the direc-
tion of this rapid increase ? With one slight
exception it has been westward.
While tho Atlantic slope has an area of
423,197 sqrtaro miles, divided into some seven-
teen States, and no more territory to form others,
the Mississippi valley has an area of 1,899,811
square miles, with seventeen States also. And
what is more, Mr. Speaker, not one of these
States falls in extent of territory but little
short of that of all the .New England States
combined, and some of them considerably ex-
ceed it. And the Pacific slope has an area of
027,256 square miles, out of which three enor-
mous States have already been carved. There
also remains in these western divisions, out-
side of these twenty States, sufficient territory
to form as many more as now occupy the entire
Atlantic slope.
In 1789 the center of our national area was
in Virginia; now it is said to bo somewhere in
Kansas, a thousand miles further west, even
excluding Alaska from the calculation. I would
ask if this is to have no weight in the decision of
this question? When the territory west of the
Appalachian range is to that east of it as six to
one are we to be told that this will not have a
feather's weight in determining where tho seat
of Government is to bo located ? Are our eyes
so blinded to tho future that we cannot see the
inevitable result of progress? "Westward,"
sir, "the course of empire takes its way," and
despite tho locks and chains we may throw-
around the seat of Government to hold it hero
it will move westward to its destined position.
The forces are gathering frst, there; iw limy
tho proportion stands even now
POPULATION.
In 1789 the whole population was about four
millions, 3,929,827—less than double the pres-
ent population of Illinois. But now we number
more than forty millions, an average yearly
increase of over four hundred and fifty thousand
persons; enough to have added at each yearly
meeting of Congress a State equaling in popu-
lation that of Connecticut in 1860.
Taking the census of 1800 when the total pop-
ulation was, in round numbers, $31,500,000,
wo find the East and West about equally bal-
anced, the Atlantic slope having 15,800,000,
and theWest 15,700,000. According to tho es-
timate of the Commissioner of tho General
Land Office, calculating by the known ratio of
increase, the census of 1870 will show a popu-
lation of over forty-two millions. If we take
the different ratios of increase in tho East and
West we shall find that of this number tho
West will have about twenty-three millions,
against 19,000,000 in the eastern division—a
preponderance of -1;000_,000.
The same authority gives the estimated total
population at the end of the prosent century,
as one hundred and seven millions. If tho
present ratios remain anything like uniform
during that time, then the West will have at
least seventy-four millions, while the East will
have but thirty-tbi'eo.
Where, then, Mr. Speaker, will lie thebalaueo
of power? Where the center of representa-
tion ? Where tho center of population ? When
the act was passed locating the capital here,
this cento was supposed to be not far from
Baltimore, but it has been traveling westward,
and now has eiussed the Alleghanies, and as I
am informed, falls somewhere in the State of
Ohio. And still ii is moving westward with a
mote rapid pace than at any time heretofore.
Is this also to go for nought? Has it no bear-
ing on the question before us ? Sir, every sign-
board along the path of our investigation points
westward. Each fact that speaks to us echoes
in a voice of thunder, westward !
MIKEBAl WEALTH.
And how is it in regard to the mineral
wealth of the country? The old Keystone
State may justly boaat of her celebrated coal
fields, and 1, had 1 the power, would not detract
one tithe of a hair from her glory in this
respect. Bat, sir, we are beginning to learn
thero are also coal-fields in the great Mississippi
basin. From the same report we have before
alluded to I take the following statistics : that
while in the Alleghany or eastern basin there
is _a coal mea of 05,000 square iniies, in the
middle and noi ur.vestern basins thero is a coal
area of 125,000 squaro miles, and in the liocky
mountain basin 20,000 miles ; showing that of
the West to be nearly three times as largo as
that of thu lia.,1, exclusive of the lignites, ter-
tiary, and other Ulterior eoaij of the liocky
mountain regions.
The Illinois coal-fields, alone are estimated
to contaiu four tidies as much coal as those of
Pennsylvania, and nearly one third of all tho
coal of North America.
And in regard to tho piocious metals tho
same thing holds true, only in a still greater
proportion m favor of (.he West.
( "The most important ^old-field.. of the Unite !
States and of the y/orld ai-o found in the States and
Territories extending from the northern to the
southom boundaries of tho Republic, am! from tan
Pacific ocean to the ci'>tnn ypui-a and outliers of tho
Rooky mountain:, eujlirncm;; an area of moro than
a million miles."
Such is the language of tiie Land Commit-
sionor, and it is teue. The total gold product of
the Atlantic slope from 1801 to 1868 is set down
at §10,000,000, being less than the amount
taken out of tire California, mines the first year
after their discovery. To balance against"this
yield of sixty-four years, tho West presents,
as the produce of twenty years, the enormous
sum of $1,200,000,000, an average of $00,-
000,000 per year. So strong is the influence
of this yield of tho precious metals on the
••otnnorce of the far th.'-i c;o]d i<- th"
standard circulating medium, notwithstanding
the legal-tender acts of Congress and their
ready adoption as the standard in the eastern
and middle divisions.
BIVEBS AND BAILBOADS.
If we examine the lines of water and rail1
road transportation and travel we shall find
the comparison still fayorable to the western
sections.
Against some twelve or thirteen hundred
miles of navigable rivers in the Atlantic slope,
the Mississippi valley alone can show some six-
teen or eighteen thousand miles. And while
the former, in I860, had 15,345 miles of rail-
road and the West 15,248, being nearly equal,
now the latter has over 22,000 miles, while the
eastern section has scarcely 19,000, which
shows a gain in favor of the West in ten years
of 3,000 miles, onough to reach adross the
continent. And the strong probability is that
the next decade will show a still greater pre-
ponderance in the same direction.
I would remark here that I do not wish to
be understood as striving to array the Kastand
West against each other. I only use these
terms as a means of comparison. I do not even
use them as implying that the entire Atlantic
slope will oppose a removal, or that all the
West will favor it. While I think most of the
West will favor it, I do not think all the eastern
section will oppose it; for I believe it will bo
to the interest of New York city and eastof that,
and even as far down as Philadelphia, to favor
it. These Atlantic cities have stretched out
their iron arms westward, while San Francisco
has stretched her arm eastward, and iu the
great Mississippi valley near where the hands
are clasped we desire to plant the seat of Gov-
ernment.
The great line of travel through our nation
will be between the three great eastern cities
and San Francisco, crossing the great central
river running north and south. Here then will
be found the chief focal point of travel in the
nation. Therefore I conceive it to bo to the
interest of these cities that the national capital
be placed somewhere on this east and west line.
While I would thus designate the latitude I
have no design of indicating the spot along
this line, the exact where is an after consider-
ation. But it does seem to me that the whole
northeast should favor any place in the West
in preference to the present location.
Here it is hemmed in on one side by water,
and on tho other by mountains, so that there
are but two directions of ingress and egress,
one north and the other south, [t was wisely
chosen if the object was to favor Virginia and
Baltimore. Although oar progress has spread
so far beyond these barriers, yet the conse-
quence of this position is keenly felt even now
both by Washington and tho eastern cities. It
gives to Baltimore, which from the very com-
mencement of the war was rebel to the core and
is yet, the key to the railroad communication
to the capital of the nation. Here we are
loeked in, so far as transportation and travel
are concerned, at the mercy of one company,
and it in the interest of a rebel city. Are we
told this cannot last? What assurance have
we of this? Sir, the general interest of the
Government and people were never more in
danger of monopolies than now. See tho
gigantic gold scheme recently burst by the
timely action of the Secretary of the Treasury.
It is wise, therefore, to place ourselves as far
as possible in that situation least favorable to
such control. It would be better for the gen-
eral interests of tho country, if the seat of
Government cannot go west, that it should be
carried to that place in Pennsylvania origin-
ally selected than to remain here. But the
broad, untrammeled plains of the great Missis-
sippi vaUey present the true position for it.
There the ways of ingress and egressare as
multitudinous as the degrees in the entire cir-
cuit of the compass.
AClRlcei/l'DBAL,
Hid hit «jr turn once moro to the tables and
