1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
at Portland or Gloucester can be built for
$36,000 in New Brunswick or Nova Scotia.
Yfhile the building, machinery, and mate-
rial in your manufactories on the land only
come in competition with others protected like
themselves irom foreign competition, your
ships have to seek their freights in the markets
of the world, where your tariffs cannot reach,
and have to compete with cheap, untaxed ships
that did not cost much more than one half what
ours do, with sailors wearing clothes that do not
cost half what ours wear; and thus by our own
folly, as I said, England and other countries,
wiser than we, have not only taken the carry-
ing trade of the world from us, but have come
into our own ports and taken nearly all ours.
There is not an American steamer now en-
gaged in the foreign trade that is not sustained
by Government subsidies; that is, by taxes
levied on the people. What few ships we
build are for the coastwise trade and for lake
and river navigation, and they can only be
built because by our registry laws vessels built
in foreign ports are not allowed to be registered
as American ships or to be used in our coast-
wise and internal commerce.
We used to inscribe on our banners "free
trade and sailors' rights," and contend, and
contend properly, that there could be no free
commerce without national ships; that our
ships and our sailors were our bulwarks, and
that our flag waved and secured respect for
our people in every port on the globe. Now,
by our tariffs and taxation, we have driven
them from the seas. Foreign flags fill the ports
of New York and all our sea-board cities ; for-
eign immigrants come and our own people go
in foreign bottoms; we have ceased to be a
Power on the ocean in the great struggle for
the'world's traffic; and all this is done that a
few New England manufacturers and a few
Pennsylvaniairon-mastersmaybecomenabobs.
It is by the merchant ship alone that the great
and growing agricultural products of the coun-
try can be forwarded to their ultimate markets.
Oar cotton, tobacco, rice, wheat, corn, beef,
pork, indeed all the products of our soil which
produce us all our legitimate exchange, are
as dependent on our commercial marine as
they are on our rivers, canals, and railroads.
London, Liverpool, Paris, and the great cities
of the world are the ultimate markets for our
surplus products, and there we are obliged by
the very necessity of the case, unprotected by
any tariff, to meet and contend with the cotton
of India, the wheat of Hungary and Russia;
in short, with free goods in a free market.
" Every man knows that the great grain and
cattle markets of America are controlled and
governed by the markets of Europe. A tele-
gram announcing a decline of ten cents a
bushel in wheat or one cent, a pound in cot-
ton, beef, or pork in London instantly causes
a like decline in New York and Chicago. No
prohibitory or protective tariff saves the farmer.
A like decline in Europe in iron, in manufac-
tures, in anything where we have taxes of
sixty-five or one hundred and fifty per cent, to
be paid on the value before our market is
reached or affected has no such corresponding
influences on those here so protected; hence the
injustice, the monstrous inequality and wrong
of our present system. Agriculture and nearly
all its products unprotected; the iron, theloco-
motive, the cars, and all that transports it to the
sea-board groaning under taxation; the ships
thatshould carry it over the sea, and that ought
to be as free as the wind that wafts them taxed
out of existence, till we have to pay foreign
nations to be our carriers; and when at last the
farmer gets his cargo to London or Paris and
sells it by underselling all competitors and pur-
chases his return cargo with the proceeds of
his sales, so that the ships he has chartered may
not return idle and empty, he finds at New
York the commodities for which he exchanged
his products taxed from sixty-five to two hun-
dred and fifty per cent, before he can land
them, lest he should undersell some pet monop-
41st Gong. 2d Sess.—iSTo. 44.
olist in New England whom Congress has
determined to enrich at his expense. If Con-
gress wishes to assure itself of the magnitude
of the agricultural interests of this country
which is thus trodden under foot and sacrificed
for other and far less important industries I
will again refer members to the report of Com-
missioner Wells for 1869, pages 15 to 20. The
following is the conclusion of his detailed state-
ment :
A summary statement of the values created by
the leading industries of the country would there-
fore appear to be substantially as follows :
Agriculture .$3,282,950,000
Cotton manufacture  71,500,000
Woolen manufacture ..  66,000,000
Iron production, pig and bar    119,950,000
Leather manufactures  222,600,000
Railway serrico  360,000,000
fisheries      100,000,000
§4,223,000,000
It thus appears that the values annually
created by agriculture are more than three-
fold greater than that of all the other indus-
tries therein enumerated combined, and nearly
one half of all the accruing annual wealth of
the country. You have only to look at your
price currents in any public newspaper to see
that while the farmer now gets only about half
for his produce of what he received two years
ago he has to pay about asmuch as he did then
for whatever he buys. Why ? Because he sells
in an open unprotected market, and is forced to
buy in one where the seller is protected in his
extortions by an enormous tariff. This Con-
gress is responsible for every dollar that is
thus taken out of the pockets of the mass of
consumers, and every man in it ought to be
hurled from place and power if he sanctions
or permits such outrages to continue.
I have no hope that the dominant party will
take any steps to grant relief to the labor of
the country. They have never failed to respond
to the demands of the monopolists and the
moneyed aristocracy. When in June, 1864,
under the pressure of the war debt and the
necessity for raising immediate revenue, Con-
gress imposed a tax of five per cent, on manu-
factures, it imposed a corresponding increase
of tariff on the consumers of these products,
so that the manufacturers actually made money
out of the tax. In March, 1868, while nearly
every other tax was continued, the five per
cent, tax on manufactures was released, but
the increased tariff remains. Sixty million
dollars was thus not only given up to the manu-
facturers, but the corresponding $60,000,000,
secured to them by the increased tariff of 1864,
is still being paid to them out of the sweat of
the people. Indeed, almost the first move that
loyal, patriotic, sagacious New England made
when the war began was to put money in her
purse. It would seem natural to suppose that
when the war broke out and the country re-
quired extraordinary supplies of clothing and
all the material necessary to carry on such a
struggle; when her sons were rushing to the
tented fields, and workshops and factories were
being deserted in their zeal for the preservation
of the Union, and, as was then said of the Con-
stitution, that inducements would have been
held out to all neutral Powers to supply us with
the materials of war, clothing, equipments,
&c., for soldiers at the lowest possible rate;
instead of that the tariff which in 1881 was
eighteen per cent, on an average was in 1802
raised to nearly twenty-seven, in 1863 to over
thirty-three, in 1864 to thirty-seven and soon
after to forty-three ; now it has reached forty-
eight, requiring gold all the time, although
they had by law repudiated their agreement to
pay their own debts in gold, and untold millions
were thus pocketed by the monopolists, who
not only speculated on the misfortunes of their
country, but denounced all who opposed their
schemes as rebels, copperheads, or aiders and
abettors of treason.
I presume it is a fact well known to all intel-
ligent men outside of these Halls that the only
reason why the States of the South were denied
representation here as soon as the war closed,
and why they have been manipulated, recon-
structed, and re-reconstructed, was because any
Representatives frdm those States having the
slightest regard for the interest of their people
would have voted at once in solid phalanx for
the repeal of all the oppressive tariff laws
which the eastern capitalists and their Repre-
sentatives here have foisted upon the country.
To prevent that they had to be kept but and
men put into Congress, by Congress, who not
only do not represent their constituents, but
who have to obey the orders of the dominant
party in order to retain their places and draw
their salaries. The more cordially they hate
their constituents the more their so-called con-
stituents despise them, the better they suit the
party in power, and the more certain they are
to vote as they are ordered.
For the genuine Representatives of the cot-
ton, rice, and tobacco-producing States to vote
for or sanction such a tariff as we now have
is simply an- absurdity, and the New'England
politicians know it well. Of course some ex-
cuse had to be framed. It would not do to
tell the truth. The country had to be fooled
and deluded, and nothing could do it so well
as the cry of protection to loyal men, punish-
ment for the rebels, to make treason odious,
to rally round the flag. These were more potent
catchwords in the feverish state of the public
mind than the old dodge of protecting American
industry, of preventing competition from the
pauper labor of Europe, of building up home
manufactures, &e., once, in the absence of more
stirring appeals, so freely resorted to to hood-
wink the masses of the people. The only
amazing thing is that men professing to repre-
sent the great producing interests of the West
should join in and aid in carrying out such
schemes. It can only be accounted for on the
ground that those young and growing States
are yet represented by men who by education,
and association are New England men. They
fail to appreciate the fact that the West has in-
terests to be protected as well as NewEngland,
or they lack the courage to assert the equality
of rights to which their people are entitled.
The men of the West as well as the men of the
South will soon learn, if they do not idealize it
already, that the power of this Government is
rapidly marching westward ; that they have
paid tribute too long to New England; and if
their present Representatives do not assert
their rights they will send men who will. The
western men in this Congress had better _ be
wise in time and remove theload now crushing
their people to the dust, or they will go down
under the just indignation of a people whose
trusts they have betrayed, whose rights they
have ignored and sacrificed to monopolists
who have no just claims upon them or their
people.
Before my hour expires I desire to say a few
words, as I may not have another opportunity,
in support of the proposition I stated when I
rose, that Congress ought to reverse its past
action and in its future legislation pay some
regard to the rights of the people, instead of
taxing them to death to build up a moneyed
aristocracy of bankers and bondholders, as it
has been doing by all its past legislation. It
ought to begin by repealing the act of March
18, 1869, entitled "An act to strengthen the
public credit," or at least change its title, as
suggested in the paper read by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Btjtler] on the 24th
of February last, while the bill was under dis-
cussion, to "A bill to increase the burden of
taxation, encourage the export of bonds, and
insure repudiation." As therein stated,' the
real repudiators in this country are those
who are crushing the people to the earth with
unequal taxation and goading them to desper-
cition ''
Nobody believes that the binding effect of
the original law under which the bonds of the
Government known as five-twenty bonds were
bought and sold either was or could be altered
