690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
by any declaration contained in the act of
March last. The pledge therein contained, that
all the bonds should be paid in gold "except
in cases where the law authorizing the issue of
such obligations has expressly provided that
the same may be paid in lawful money or other
currency than gold and silver," was an illegal
and unwarranted attempt to tax the people
with hundreds of millions of dollars more than
they were under any obligations to pay or the
bondholder could demand in any court of jus-
tice, and an attempt to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay off in gold or purchase
with lawful money at any premium he chose
the obligations which Congress well knew the
people had a right to pay and the holders were
compelled to receive in the same money with
which they had been bought and paid for.
Whatever power the British Parliament may
have to pass statutes declaratory of their unwrit-
ten common law no such power exists in Con-
gress ; none is needed, as our Constitution and
laws are all written, and cannot be forgotten.
Chancellor Kent, in his Commentaries, volume
1, page 513, in notes, says:
"It seems to bo settled as the sense of the oourts
of justice in this country that tho Legislature can-
not pass any declaratory law or act declaratory of
what tho law was before its passage so as to give it
any biuding weight with the courts. It is only evi-
dence of the sense of the Legislature as to the preex-
isting law. The powersof Government in this coun-
try arc distributed in departments, and each depart-
ment is confined within its constitutional limits.
Tho power that makes is nottho power to construe a
law. The latter trust belongs to tho judicial depart-
ment exclusively."
The act of March last provides further that
none of the bonds "not already due" shall be
paid before maturity, unless legal-tender notes
shall be convertable into coin at the option of
the holder. Does maturity mean when the
holder of the bond has the right to demand
payment? If so, none of the five-twenties
mature till 1882. Does it moan when the
United Slates has the right to pay them? If
so, 85,147,716 had matured when the act was
passed, and $6,442,154 has now matured. Ifthe
first be the true construction your Secretary of
tho Treasury has been guilty of an impeachable
offense for violation of a plain statute, because
he repo#ts to us that he has since the 1st of
March last purchased $75,477,800 of these
five-twenty bonds and expects to purchase
$75,000,000 more before the 1st of July next.
If it means when the United States had the
right to pay them, and $5,147,710 had matured,
I still contend that the Secretary had no right
to do more then pay or redeem them in the
currency which by law we had declared should
be "a legal tender at its face value for all debts
public and private, except duties on imports
and interest on the public debt."
The Secretary does not condescend to tell
us what he paid for them, as he could have
done in a line by saying, " I have purchased
$75,477,800 of five-twenty bonds, for which I
paid ninety-five or a hundred million dollars,"
according to the truth, "and I expect to buy
the other $75,000,000 at the same rate;" yet
we all know the fact to be that he bought
them at a premium not far from eighteen or
twenty per cent. If President Johnson had
assumed such power, or anything like it, he
would have been hurled from place and power
by the Secretary and his coadjutors in less than
an hour after the facts were proved. If the
Secretary had $100,000,000 in the vaults of the
Treasury, and was sure of another $100,000,000
by the 1st of next July, which had been wrung
by the tax-gatherer from the sweat of the toil-
ing millions—more than could be decently spent
or squandered, why did he not report the
fact to Congress and instead of paying, say,
$40,000,000 of it to the already bloated bond-
holder to get him to surrender $150,000,000 of
bonds paid for and payable in the legal-tender
notes of the country, enable us, if we had any
regard for decency and the rights of the tax-
payers left, to pass a law requiring him, as of
course he did not feel like doing it himself, to
notify the holders of the first $100,000,000 of
five-twenty bonds issued, that we, in accord-
ance with our rights and our contract, were
ready to pay, and that, being so ready, we would
pay.no further interest on that sum after Jan-
uary 1, 1870; and to say further to the holders
of the $100,000,000 next issued that we would
pay, say, $15,000,000 per month up to July 1,
1870, and interest should stop on that amount
of bonds according to their numbers and date
of issue monthly.
The payment of $12,000,000 in gold annually
would thus have been stopped, $40,000,000
more of the debt would have been paid, and
the bondholder would have received money
worth fifty per c%nt. at least more than it was
at the time he paid it for the bond he was
required to surrender. That much, at least,
could have been taken from the load of taxa-
tion. The honest income of the people, their
coal, their salt, their iron, their lumber, their
shoes, or something equally necessary, might
have been cheapened at least to the extent of
the interest paid. While I do not believe that
it is either politic or proper to oppress a peo-
ple whose energies have been prostrated, and
whose property and resources have been de-
stroyed and cutoff as ours have been, by such
a wasting and devastating war as that in which
the country has been engaged, a war, as Com-
missioner Wells asserts and well nigh proves,
which destroyed $9,000,000,000 of the wealth
of the country, to hasten by taxation the
payment of the present enormous debt, yet
every dollar that has been collected should be
honestly applied to the extinguishment of it.
If the interest is paid the relative magnitude
of the debt diminishes every year as wealth
and population increase. Twenty years hence
our means and capacity ought to be double
what it is to-day. I am of those who believe
that you can never bring about specie payments
or increase the value of the legal-tender notes
of the country one cent by legislation. You
may rob the people by coercion or despotic
power, and take their money and give it to the
bondholders, of which, perhaps, many of you
are a part, but you only destroy the capacity
of the people to pay what remains by so doing.
If Congress was only wise enough to cease
its persecution of the southern States and let
the people feel and the world see that we are
once more at peace ; if it would lighten and
equalize taxation, restore commerce, and foster
the development of the immense resources of
the country; if it would receive at least twenty
per cent, of its impost duties in its own legal
tenders from each man who pays, and increase
the per cent, as the demand for gold diminishes
and the difference between gold and paper be-
comes less, all questions about greenbacks and
gold would speedily vanish. The present de-
mands of the Government for money to pay its
immense expenditures, coupled with the amount
required to be kept on hand by the banks, takes
nearly one halfthe circulation. Up to 1860 the
Government demand did not take over one
fourth of the money then in use. There is not
only no reason why our paper currency at its
present volume may not be maintained, but it
might even be increased and its value main-
tained. The distances from which our crops
have to be moved to reach the sea-board are
increasing every year; prices generally arc
higher; of course it takes just twice as much
money to move a crop of wheat which costs
$1 50 a bushel as it does to move one which
costs seventy-five cents a bushel. It is to be
hoped and expected that prices will keep up ;
if not, with the high prices to be paid for every-
thing the farmer buys, he must starve.
But I am in advance of what I intended to
say. I repeat that it is folly for any man to
pretend to believe that the principal of the
five-twenty bonds was not payable in legal-
tender notes. The same law, that of February
25, 1862, which by its first section made these
notes a legal tender and caused each note
issued to be indorsed, "This note is a legal
tender at its face value for all debts, public and
private, except duties on imports and interest
on the public debt," by its second section
directed the issue and sale of the five-twenty
bonds for gold at its market value or for legal-
tender notes at par. Gold was treated as an
article of merchandise; legal-tender notes were
made the money of the country, which all
creditors, public and private, were bound to
receive at its face value, and it was so in-
dorsed that no man might be mistakeu. It
was the measure of the value of the bond when
sold; it was agreed that it should be the stand-
ard of its value when paid. I care not what,
any Secretary, what Mr. Jay Cooke, or any
agent may have said on one side, or Mr.
Stevens or anybody else on the other. The
law governs; its provisions are plain. The tax-
payer is bound only to furnish money accord-
ing to the law; no agent of the Government
could bind him to pay otherwise, and the at-
tempt by this Congress in the act of March
last, and by the Secretary in his purchase of
bonds, is a clear, palpable, violation of law
and an illegal effort to rob the people of at least
$400,000,000 for the benefit of the least merito-
rious class of the public creditors.
I say least meritorious, because they made
fewer sacrifices and paid a smaller equivalent
for the amount received than any other class
of public creditors. It is a well-known fact that
very many of these bondholders, when the law
making the United States notes a legal-tender
was passed, refused to pay back in gold money
which they had then borrowed and owed in
gold, but took the gold which they justly owed
their creditors andboughtgreenbacks, so called,
paying not over forty or fifty cents of the gold
belonging to their creditors per dollar for them,
and with the greenbacks so bought paid their
debts for gold borrowed. The residue, fifty or
sixty per cent, of the greenbacks so purchased,
they invested at par in the five-twenty bonds
of the United States, on which they have re-
ceived six per cent, in gold semi-annually ever
since, with in many instances most iniquitous
and extortionate banking privileges attached,
and they now come, and Congress takes their
part, and attempt to coerce gold for the bonds
so purchased out of the tax-payers of the coun-
try. Is not every pensioner, every soldier, every
sailor, every civil officer, who risks his life or
gives his toil to the Government on its agree-
ment to pay him for his services as much a
public creditor as the bondholder? Is not the
Government's obligation outstanding on the
statute-books to pay for all such services?
Are any of these public creditors paid in gold?
Does Congress propose that they shall be ? Is
the obligation to pay them less sacred than it is
to pay the bondholder ? Are they not as merit-
orious, are they not more meritorious than
he ? Why, then, do you by your law of March
last discriminate against all others in favor of
the least worthy ?
As another and legitimate source of revenue
whereby the burdens of the people can be light-
ened, the income on the bonds of the United
States should be taxed ten per cent., according
to the proposition to that effect submitted at
the second session of the Fortieth Congress ;
and that tax should be retained before the
interest is paid over. We owe, in round num-
bers, $2,100,000,000 in bonds; six per cent,
on that is $126,000,000, on which ten per cent,
would produce $12,600,000, and this is only
six_ tenths of one per cent, of the principal,
while the principal of all other property is
taxed from one to two or two and a half per
cent, in a great majority of States. We know
that about one thousand millions' worth of them
are held abroad or are kept there, and we have
every reason to believe that the patriotic bond-
holder here finds it convenient to transfer or
hand many of those held here over to his for-
eign correspondent or to some friend who does
not go before the tax-gatherer when he gives in
his income for taxation. It is certain we do
not get $1,000,000 now from that source.
