692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
all to a few bankers and pays them, out of the
taxes arising from the labor of its people, for
destroying its own means of paying its debts,
except by farther exactions on the masses,
whose trustee it professes to be.
The first step toward justice, the highest
assurance public creditors could receive of an
honest desire on our part to pay what we have
agreed to, would be the passage of such laws
as would take the credit of the Government out
of the hands of the bankers and so use it as to
give the people, the tax-payers, the benefit of it.
Until that is done the world will be slow to
believe that we honestly intend to pay our
debts. Our promises to pay more than we owe
but adds to the distrust in our good faith; it is
the profession and promise of the spendthrift
and the profligate, not of the prudent, careful,
honest debtor. It has been well said that there
is no reply to a fallacy so triumphant as a fact,
no rejoinder to a sparkling sophism so unan-
swerable as a plain truth. I wrll state a case.
Kentucky many years ago taught the world a
lesson under the most adverso circumstances
of the value of public credit when honestly and
faithfully used for the public welfare. The
United States Bank, which with all its powers
was a pigmy compared to the hydra-headed
monster we now have to contend with, had
after the close of the war of 1812-15 broken
down the State banks in Kentucky and Ohio.
These States attempted to tax the Uniced States
branch banks within their limits.
The State laws were annulled by the Fed-
eral courts. The tax imposed and collected,
amounting to $100,000, was taken from the
State treasury of Ohio and suits innumerable
were commenced by the bank against the peo-
ple of Kentucky, on whose property mortgages
almost sufficient to absorb it were held by the
bank. Meanwhile the United States Bank cur-
rency was withdrawn from the State and the
gold was taken from the branches and hauled
in wagons to the mother bank at Philadelphia.
Ruin stared the people in the face almost to
the same extent that it will again if you put
your scheme of specie payment into operation.
The Kentucky Legislature about 1820, as a last
effort to save the people, chartered a Bank of
the Commonwealth of Kentucky with a capital
of $3,000,000 for a limited term of years, and
interposed replevin liens toprevent immediate
sales under execution. It had not a dollar in
gold to bank upon; it had nothing but the
credit of the State, and that, too, at a time
when the credit of the State was down to its
lowest ebb. The courts were hostile to the
relief laws; the leading men of the State op-
posed the bank. Mr. Clay was attorney for
the Bank of the United States, and everything
seemed against its success. The State could
not emit bills of credit, could not coin money,
make its notes a legal tender, lay impost
duties, nor exercise any of the powers by which
the United States can maintain its credit; yet
in spite of all these obstacles it made its bank
a grand success ; in spite of the opposition of
the United States and its great bank, in defi-
ance of the determined opposition of its own
leading jurists and statesmen.
Hon. P. P. Blair, then a young and compara-
tively unknown man, and a few others since
become eminent for their ability and wisdom,
stood by it and sustained it. Mr. Crittenden,
though opposed to it, when elected its president
by the Legislature, accepts^ the position. Hon-
est and competent men managed its branches.
The people borrowed its notes, caid their taxes
and their debts to each other with them. Men
from other States fearing it was that or nothing
took them for debts and purchased the wheat,
corn, hogs, tobacco, and whisky from the peo-
ple. Commerce revived; property rose in
value; prosperity took the place of ruinous
depression; new energy inspired the masses ;
light came out of darkness. The corpse of the
public credit had been touched as by the wand
of themagician, and it sprang upon its feet. The
people stood by the bank and the credit of tho
State single-handed and alone, without a dollar
of gold, and not only saved them, but made
them great and prosperous. The notes of the
bank, at first at a discount of fifty pei? cent.,
were at par in less than three years, and when it
wound up, after some twelve years, it notouly
redeemed all its paper in gold, but left a large
surplus fund, which was appropriated to and
formed the basis of the school fund of the State.
From that time oil Kentucky grew more and
more prosperous. To-day she owes nothing,
and her credit is second to none of her sister
States. What I mean to show by that illus-
tration is, that if the credit of a single State,
and she not one of the largest, could under
such circumstances accomplish such results,
surely the credit of the United States, with all
the power over commerce, currency, and taxa-
tion, internal and external, possessed by the
Government, ought not to be thrown away and
lavished on a few bankers and bondholders, as
it now is, but ought to be so used as to inure
to the benefit of the whole people. The exact
form in which it should be used I am not fully
prepared to state, and I have no time to do so
if I were; but this is certain: the present bank-
ing swindle should cease; the United States
legal-tender notes should be substituted for the
notes of the national banks; the Secretary of
tho Treasury should by law be directed to pay
off the five-twenty bonds by which they are
secured in the legal-tender notes, according to
the provisions of existing law, as fast as he has
any surplus in the Treasury beyond the wants
of the Government, and interest should cease
on all such as he is ready so to pay from the
day he gives notice that he is ready to make
the payment. The bank notes being redeem-
able in legal-tenders, and so indorsed on their
face, our right to pay them off in that way will
hardly be called in question. ■
With $700,000,000 of paper money, which is
a legal tender for all debts, public and private,
except interest and imposts, with $400,000,000
of it owned by the Government, to make such
disposition of it as it pleases, which includes
the $300,000,000 nove,loancd to the banks and
the $100,000,000 the Secretary of the Treasury
has on hand, with which he proposes to buy
$75,000,000 more bonds before the 1st day of
July, and the receipt annually of $180,000,000
in gold from imposts, this Government ought
to be able, if an honest effort is made, not only
to make her. paper as good as gold, but ought
without anything like the pressure now bearing
upon the poople to pay off the national debt be-
fore the seven-forties are demandable. Indeed,
the struggle of the bondholders to keep up the
price of gold, so that their semi-annual interest
will be that much greater in value as compared
with the money of the people, in which they are
backed by the Secretary of the Treasury, who
seeks to deprecate his own paper by refusing
to sell gold unless he gets a certain price, often
higher than the ordinary market value, is the
great reason why the present difference between
paper and gold exists.
If this Government could now command the
services of such men as took control of the
finances of Kentucky at the period to which I
referred, the money, under Government con-
trol, could be so loaned out by a board of
commissioners as to pay not only the interest
on the debt, but rapidly to sink the principal,
especially if they had control, as they should
have, of all revenue paid into the depositories
of the public money, instead of letting it lie
locked up from the people, as it is now, or what
is perhaps worse, put into the hands of bankers
to be used on private account. A board of
sinking fund commissioners might be consti-
tuted for a limited term, its president to be
appointed by the President, and one member
of its board to be appointed by the Governor
of each State, who should have power to make
these funds available by proper officers and
depositories in each congressional district, or
with more than oue in the great commercial
cities.
Some man like Mr. Stewart, of New York,
to whom reputation is worth more than money,
at the head of such a system, if properly sus-
tained, could, without extortion, make mil-
lions on millions for the Government which
are now lost or squandered. Every bank in
New York, Chicago, New Orleans, indeed in
every commercial city, pays, and can afford to
pay, six per cent, on loans payable whenever
called for, and the money of the Government
need never be idle; even that expected to be
used in a week or a month could be made to
bear interest and be amply secured up to the
very (Jay it was needed, instead of being with-
drawn from use, as it nowis. Thus, without any
increase of the currency the money now in use
might be made to do double thebusiness it is
now doing.
While I have no more faith in the value of
a sinking fund created and its working capital
produced by taxing the people than I have in
a man's getting rich by shifting his money from
one pocket to another, that is not our condi-
tion. The Government owns $400,000,000
now. It cannot and ought not be withdrawn
from circulation. It ought to be used to the best
advantage. It cost nothing except the manufac-
ture. It is the people's credit, and they can and
will maintain it if Congress will only give them
a chance to do so.
But if it is considered that n othing of that sort
can be done—and of course every banker who
is now getting the benefit of the public money
and its credit, and everybody he can hire,
will swear that it is wholly impracticable—this
I know can be done, and there is no reason
why it should not; and it will save us many
millions annually. When our $800,000,000
loan is withdrawn from the banks, and they are
advised that their bonds are payable and may
be paid at any moment, they would be very
willing to accept a renewal bond payable
principal and interest in gold, if you please,
at from fifteen to thirty years, bearing four
per cent, interest; and would be equally glad
to borrow the legal-tender notes ofthe Govern-
ment for banking purposes under suet charters
as they have now, securing the loan by a
deposit of the renewal bonds, and paying three
per cent, per annum in gold for the loan, which
should be retained out of the interest of the
bonds deposited. Five hundred million dollars '
of our currency could be safely used thus, and
a saving of five per cent., or $25,000,000 in
gold, be thus effected annually.
But my time is out. I close by repeating that
it is perfectly certain that the extravagances,
extortions, and corruptions of this Government
have assumed such magnitude that this Con-
gress will be guilty of criminal complicity if it
fails to pass sucli laws as will end them and
bring the offenders to speedy and condign pun-
ishment ; that the robbery perpetrated on the
labor of the people by the present tariff system
under the disguise of protection ought not to
be longer endured by the country, and that the
bankers and bondholders ought to be compelled
to surrender the monopolies they now enjoy and
be taxed as other citizens are. If these things
are done the load under which the country is
now groaning can be diminished more than half.
If we fail to do these things our constituents
ought to fill our places with men who will.
_ Mr. JOHNSON, obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. STEVENSON, who asked and obtained
leave to have printed some remarks in the
Globe. [See Appendix.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Wasii-
buejt.]
removal op the capital.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Illinois
having twice spoken to-day on the subject, I
only wish to say that I utterly dissent from all
propositions for the removal of the national
capital, come from what quarter they may.
I am in favor of its remaining where it was
