1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
established by the Father of his Country, and
where to protect and maintain it the best blood
of the country has been shed on a thousand
battle-fields. Should it ever be determined to
abandon this capital, from that day will disunion
and disintegration begin. To leave here be-
cause of the corruption which exists will be
but to realize the fable of the fox and the flies.
The situation of Washington is pleasant, the
climate mild and healthful, and its public build-
ings the purest in the world ; and, by means that
were unknown when the Government was estab-
lished, through telegraphs and railroads, our
constituents are brought almost to the door of
the Capitol, and any one who desires it can
come here even from the far-off shores of the
Pacific with more ease and almost as soon as
the fathers of the Republic could come here
from New York city when the capital was estab-
lished.
The removal of the capital means the taking
from the people by taxation $100,000,000 to
establish a new capital and erect public build-
ings equal to those we now possess. It means
more than that: it means $500,000,000 of pri-
vate property in this city destroyed. Believ-
ing that my constituents are satisfied that the
capital should remain where it is, and as their
judgment accords with my own, I shall oppose
all schemes for its disturbance or removal.
Mr. JOHNSON. I yield to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Homian] for a motion to
adjourn.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (at
four o'clock and thirty minutes p.. m,,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. AMES: A petition of citizens of
Harrison Square, Dorchester, Massachusetts,
for abolishing the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of East Stough-
ton, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Sharon, Massa-
chusetts, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hingham Cen-
ter, Massachusetts, for the same.
Also, the petition of Farnum Plumtaer, pres-
ident of Equitable Insurance Company and
others, for payment for destruction of the
Madeira, by a Government transport.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of W. H. Harlow and 101 others, citi-
zens of Groton Junction, Massachusetts, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of James F. Fiske and 73
others, citizens of Hollister, Massachusetts,
for the same purpose.
By Mr. CHAVES: The petition of Melchior
Werner, Ambrosio Armijo, and 200 others,
citizens of Albuquerque, Bernalillo county,
Territory of New Mexico, praying the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Vicente Romero and
102 others, citizens of the town of La Cueva,
in the county of Mora, Territory of New Mex-
ico, asking the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: The petition
of James Spensley and 350 others, citizens of
Mineral Point, Wisconsin, against any reduc-
tion of the rate of import duty on foreign lead.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of George
Blakeslee and 45 others, citizens of Birming-
ham, Michigan, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of A. H. Smith
and 100 others, citizens of Shelby, New York,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. D. Decker and others,
citizens of Brockport, New York, for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of O. E. Pratt, postmaster,
and 39 others, citizens of Webster, New York,
for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of 40 citizens of Mondon,
New York, for the same purpose.
Also,ihe petition of S. H. Clark, postmaster,
and 85 others, citizens of Medina, New York,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. J. Bigelow and 150
others, citizens of Shelby, New York, for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of A. G. Stevens, of Buf-
falo, New York, praying that Congress abolish
the duties on coal, or take jurisdiction of rail-
roads transportingthesame from State to State,
so as to prevent the extortion of the present
monopolies.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: A petition of citizens
of Rolling Prairie, Wisconsin, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Afton, Rock
county, Wisconsin, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: The petition of
Herman Kraut, for pay as major of engineers.
_ By Mr. GOLLADAY: A petition of sundry
citizens of Hart county, Kentucky, asking the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HAWLEY: A petition of citizens
of Fowler, Illinois, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bowensburg,
Illinois, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Adams, Illi-
nois, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Coal Valley,
Illinois, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Denver, Illi-
nois, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Chili, Illinois,
for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Woodville,
Illinois, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Mendon, Illi-
nois, praying compulsory prepayment of do-
mestic postages.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of J. Hill
Rouse and others, citizens of Rockdale, Mas-
sachusetts ; of George Forbes and others, cit-
izens of East Brookfield, Massachusetts ; of
Henry A. Aldrich and others, citizens of Men-
don, Massachusetts: and of Bainbridge Hay-
ward and others, citizens of Milford, Massa-
chusetts—all for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. KETCHAM: A petition of 138 citi-
zens of Hillsdale, New York, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. KELSEY: A petition of citizens of
Livonia, New York, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bellona, New
York, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Augusta
W. Norton, ofCape Elizabeth, Maine, widowof
Benjamin Hammett Norton, late consul of the
United States at Pictou, Nova Scotia, asking to
be paid fees due to her late husband by the
United States Government.
Also, the petition of A. L. Loring and others,
citizens of Yarmouth, Maine, asking the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. McNEELEY: The petition of Jep-
tha Wilson and certain others, citizens of Brown
county, Illinois, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. M. Frazer and others,
citizens of Fulton county, Illinois, asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of G. C. Easton and others,
citizens of Mason county, Illinois, asking the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of Joseph
A. Cooper, George W. Ross, S. P. Evans, D.
T. Boynton, E. C. Camp, John C. Chiles, Wil-
liam A. Rodgers, and others, citizens of East
Tennessee, praying Congress to interfere in
restraint of the recent and illegal and revo-
lutionary proceedings in Tennessee.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of G. W.
Lowe, postmaster, and sundry others, citizens
of Cynthiana, Indiana, praying the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of Jonathan H. Burli-
son and 55 others, citizens of Posey county,
Indiana, praying the repeal of the tariff duty
on hides.
By Mr. POMEROY: The petition of A. M.
Gillett, and 40 others, of Winnebago county,
Iowa, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, the petition of J. H. Morehead and
others, of Ida county, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of James Stevens for relief
for losses sustained by the Indians.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of T. M.
Allyn el al, and the petition of the book pub-
lishers of Hartford, Connecticut, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. TOWNSEND : The petitions from
Hon. John Hickman, W. H. Hodgson, Wal-
ter S. Dowell, Nathan T. Lewis, and others,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of S. A. Rand
and 155 others, citizens of Lake county, Ohio,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Henry Williams and 162
others, citizens of Oayahoga county, Ohio, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WELKER : The petition of H. Bi
Case and 27 others, citizens of McKay, Ash-
land county, Ohio, asking the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of L. B. Wilson and 39
others, citizens of River Styx, Medina county,
Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of L. H. Kiplinger and
65 others, citizens of La Fayette, Ashland
county, Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of John Carkey and 189
others, citizens of Holmes county, Ohio, on the
same subject.
Also, the petition of Joseph A. Funk and 49
others, citizens of Lattasburg, Wayne county,
Ohio, on the same subject.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 24, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I present the credentials
of my colleague, Hon. Lot M. Morbill, who
has been elected by the Legislature of the State
of Maine to supply the place he now holds by
appointment. 1 ask that the credentials be
read and that the oaths of office maybe admin-
istered to him.
The credentials were read ; and the oaths
prescribed by law ■having been administered
to Mr. Mokrill, he took his seat in the Senate.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I desire
leave to correct a statement of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Senator from
Nevada has arisen, and will state what his
desire is, when the Chair will entertain the
question of order.
Mr. STEWART. I rise to a question of
privilege. I gave notice on Friday last that I
should correct a statement-which the Senator (
from Massachusetts had made, and I desire to '
do it at this time if the Senate will consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us finish the morning
business
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada desires the consent of the Senate
to make a personal explanation. The Senator
from Massachusetts rises to a question of order,
which he will state.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I have to say that
I am very desirous that the Senator should
have the privilege he asks with this under-
standing, that I shall have the opportunity of
