694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
replying to him. I have now the documents
ou my table, and I am anxious to go into the
whole history of the clause to which he refers,
from the beginning to the end; but it will take
me at least an hour or an hour and a half to
trace its whole history. If the Senator chooses
to-day to open it I am ready to meet him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to inquire, is this
a question of order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question of
order stated by the Senator from Massachu-
setts was in the nature of an objection, that he
would desire the opportunity to speak at length
in reply if consent was granted. The Senator
from Vermont has demanded the regular order
of business. That is an objection. It requires
unanimous consent to interfere with the busi-
ness of the morning hour. The Chair, under
the twenty-fourth rule, before the morning-
hour business commences, will submit to the
Senate certain bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives for reference.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions,
received from the House of Representatives on
Friday last, were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 886) for the relief of Law-
rence L. Merry, collector of internal revenue
for the twentieth district of New York—to the
Committee on Finance.
A bill (H. R. No. 887) for the relief of Har-
riet R. Clinton—to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 888) for the relief of
Joseph Harmon—to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
A joint resolution (II, R. No. 121) for the
relief of John M. Broome and others, the
band of twelfth Kentucky infantry—to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 125) for the
relief of James L. Ridgety, collector of inter-
nal revenue for the second district of Mary-
laud—to the Committee on Finance.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, communicating resolutions of the board
of Indian commissioners, adopted on the 18th
instant, in relation to appropriations for the
Indians; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS AND JIKMOR] AL.« .
_ The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of \V. II. Eastland, of Mississippi, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the s.elect Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Camden, Carroll county, Indiana; a petition
of citizens of La Mine, Cooper county, Mis-
souri ; a petition of citizens ofTremont, Clarke
county, Ohio, and a petition of citizens of Salt
Creek, Missouri, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege: which wore referred to the
Committee oil Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented a
petition of citizens of North Randolph, Ver-
mont ; a petition of citizens of Cambridgeport,
Vermont; a petition of citizens of Dover, Ver-
mont, and a petition of citizens of Chelsea,
Vermont, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege ; which were referred to the Commit-
tee ou Pest Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present
.I'iso the petition of Levi Stevens, in relation to
;;;! improved process in the manufacture of
carbureted hydrogen, or illuminating gas, and
asking that Congress will grant him the privi-
lege of furnishing the building occupied by the
Treasury Department with his superior and
improved illuminating gas, which he will con-
tract to supply at the rate of $2 2o per one
thousand cubic feet, being one dollar per one
thousand cubic feet less than is now paid to the
gas-light company for an inferior light; thus
saving to the Government in the period of one •
year a very large sum of money, besides furnish-
ing a very superior article of illuminating gas;
and that he will construct it at his own expense
and on his own ground. I move the reference
of the petition to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of western New York, in relation to cer-
tain manufacturing interests, embracing the
productions of saw-mills, shingle-factories, and
stave-mills in western New York and along the
northern border, praying Congress to remove
the present duty of twenty per cent, upon the
timber brought m from Canada which enters
into these productions, and that the tax now
resting on this class of articles coming from
there shall not be removed; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Albany, New York, praying an appropriation
for the erection of a building in that city for
the accommodation of the post office, United
States officials, United States courts, &c. ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
He also presented the petition of F. IT. Bury
and forty-two others, citizens of Jefferson
county, New York; a petition of Benjamin
W. Brush and ninety-eight others, citizens of
Queens county, New York ; a petition of citi-
zens of Orleans county, New York, and a
petition of citizens of Plank Road post office,
Onondaga county, New York, praying the abo-
lition of the franking privilege ; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the petition of one
hundred and eighty-seven citizens of Man-
ayunk, Philadelphia^ county, Pennsylvania,
praying that the surviving soldiers of the war
of 1812 and the widows of those who are
deceased may be placed on the pension-rolls.
Accompanying this petition there has been
sent to me an account of the proceedings of
the Pennsylvania Association of Soldiers of
1812, showing that since the 4th of July last
up to the time of this meeting, on the 8th of
January, twenty of their number had died,
the average age of whom was eighty years. It
is but recently, Mr. President, that the country
congratulated itself upon having recognized
the services of a man who in eminent posi-
tion sacrificed his life to his country. This
admonishes us that but a short time remains
for us to recognize the debt we owe to these
men, all of whom are asking for justice, some
of them for bread : and I commend this peti-
tion to the Committee on Pensions, to which
committee 1 move its reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDSpresentedapetition of citi-
zens of Cambridge, Vermont, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Iioafls.
He also presented the memorial of Catharine
Driscoll, widow of Daniel Driscoll, praying to
be allowed a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of the
American Statistical Association, praying the
passage ofthebill(H. R. No. 424)to provide for
taking the ninth census of the United States :
which was referred to the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws of the United States.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Fcnn's Mills post office, Allegan
county, and Flat Rock and vicinity, Michigan,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege ; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
I Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
j zens of Excelsior; of citizens of St. Joseph,
| Stearns county, and of citizens of Taylor's
! Falls, Minnesota, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of the internal
revenue officers of Minnesota, praying such
amendment of the internal revenue laws as
will exempt $1,000 from the succession tax
imposed upon the estate of minors in certain
cases; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Iowa, praying an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States acknowl-
edging the existence of Almighty God ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of settlers on
the Osage Indian lands, in the State of Kansas,
praying for the immediate ratification of the
Osage treaty, as proposed to be modified by
the amendment of April 21, 1869 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Marshall, Henry county, Iowa, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. FERRY presented the memorial of
Messrs. Skidmore & Morse, proprietors of the
Pacific iron-works, of Bridgeport, Connecti-
cut, remonstrating against the extension of
the letters-patent of George H. Corliss for
improvements in the steam-engine; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Plymouth, Connecticut, and a petition of citi-
zens of Fairfield county, Connecticut, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege ;
which were referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
J. Kilby, of Suffolk, Nansemond county, Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Thomaston, Knox county, Maine, and
a petition of citizens of Oxford county, Maine,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege ; which were referred to the Committee on
the fost Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of citizens
of Lake county, Illinois, and a petition of citi-
zens of Mason county, Illinois, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Mary Cas-
sell, widow of Thomas Cassell, late Govern-
ment watchman at Quincy, Illinois, who was
killed by the accidental discharge of a gun in
the hands of a soldier on the 19th of February,
1801, praying for a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Hiram
Dresser, praying for an increase of compensa-
tion to grand and petit jurors for attending
upon the United States circuit and district
courts for the southern district of Illinois :
which was referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a petition from
Francis T. Willis, of Richmond, Virginia, who,
judging from his letter, is one of the loyal
people of Virginia. He asks me to presenthis
petition because he has no representative here,
and I do so without a knowledge of its merits.
It asks that no grant of lands be revived to the
Selma, Rome, and Dalton Railroad Company,
a corporation of the States of Alabama and
Georgia, without a provision that they shall be
subject to all valid liens upon them. I move
its reference to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING also presented the memo-
rial of Paulding, Kemble & Co., lessees of the
West Point foundery, and of Milo Sage, presi-
dent of the Fishkill Landing Machine Com-
pany, remonstrating against the extension of
letters-patent to George H. Corliss for :m-
