1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
provements in the steam-engine; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Oswego county, New York, praying that a pen-
sion may be allowed the surviving soldiers of
the war of 1812, and also to the widows of
such as are deceased; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Ithamar
Spencer and one hundred and twenty-five
others, citizens of Albany, New York, praying
for the erection of a suitable building for the
accommodation of the post office, United
States courts, &c., at that place; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also the pro-
ceedings of the Board of Trade of the city of
Buffalo, in the State of New York, remonstrat-
ing against the continuance or revival of the
income tax. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a petition of
citizens of Belfast, Allegany county, New York,
asking that the cost of Government be dimin-
ished. These petitioners have adopted a pop-
ular misnomer, and call the grievance at which
they aim "the franking privilege." I move
its reference to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a petition
very numerously signed bj' citizens of West-
moreland, Oneida county, in the State of New
York, who seek to diminish the burden now
resting upon the tax-payers of the country.
They also adopt the popular phrase, and call
their grievance "the franking privilege." I
move its reference to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also the peti-
tion of citizens of Oriskany Palis, in the State
of New York, who wish to do away with the
manufacture and distribution by Congress of
books, many of which are never read and all
of which are costly. They, too, make use of
the phrase "the franking privilege." I move
its reference to the Committee on Post Offices
md Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a petition
uumerously signed by citizens of Richfield
Springs, in the county of Otsego, New York,
who refer to the very evil and pernicious prac-
tice which for brevity they style "the franking
privilege." I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a peti-
tion numerously signed by citizens of Vernon,
Oneida county, New York, who wish to remove
from Congress the aspersions which are indus-
triously insinuated into the public ear ; who
wish to disabuse the public of the impression
that franking is a convenience and a pet meas-
ure of the members of Congress. They ask
the abolition of the practice. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a petition
of citizens of Clayton, New York, a large num-
ber of them, who seem to wish to save the time
and also the money of members of Congress ;
who see no reason why they should buy and
pay for documents out of their private purse,
as you and I, sir, have done for so many years,
Bnd then spend our time in franking them.
They speak also of "the franking privilege."
I move its reference to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present petitions of
citizens of Lewis county, New York, who do
not believe in buying at the public expense
and distributing seeds many of which never
come up. They speak too of the franking priv-
ilege. I move its reference to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a like petition
of citizens of Plank Road, Onondaga county,
New York. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I present petitions from cit-
izens of Irondale, Missouri, Ridgely, Missouri,
and Perry county, Missouri. But for the ex-
haustive treatment of the subject by the Senator
from New York, taking away everything that I
could say that would be witty or humorous in
regard to it, I should attempt to say something;
but asit is I am reduced to the necessity of saying
that they are petitions for the abolition of the
franking privilege. I move their reference to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I am
charged with a large number of petitions signed
by citizens of Pennsylvania, who pray to have
the franking privilege abolished. I used to be
in favor of that privilege, as it was called, though
it never was any great privilege to me, but
always cost me a great deal of labor. 1 think
now, though, that I shall vote for its abolition,
since I have made up my mind, under the
commendable zeal of the Postmaster General,
that everybody in my State will ask for it. I
believe he has about fifty thousand people em-
ployed by him, and I think they are all indus-
triously running about the country getting peo-
ple to sign these petitions; and I take it for
granted that everybody who puts his name to
them wishes to have the privilege abolished;
and having always been a good democratic
republican, believing that the people ought to
rule, that their wishes should be obeyed, I think
I shall vote, when the time comes, to abolish
the franking privilege.
I want to give" notice, though, and I do so
now, that I shall vote against allowing mem-
bers of Congress any postage stamps. I shall
do so because if the Government allows us a
certain amount of dollars in stamps we shall
be subject constantly to the charge of appro-
priating them to our own use instead of using
them for the benefit of our constituents. We
shall do wrong to ourselves certainly, and I
think great wrong to the Government, if we
accept any compensation for this duty of cor-
responding with our constituents. I think this
reform, as it is called, will save a great deal
ofmoney to the country in the printing of doc-
uments. If there is no franking privilege and
we get no postage stamps, of course nobody
here will be expected to send documents to his
constituents, and thus the Government will
save not only the money which the franking
costs, but save also all the printing. This, no
doubt, will redound very much to the future
fame of the Postmaster General. I have great
interest in his success. I admire him and
have always admired him. I was rejoiced
when he was appointed to the office he fills,
and I think he is performing his duty with
commendable abilit3'. When he accomplishes
this to him great result, however, I fear that
he may possibly find that, like all great re-
formers, in a very short time his reform will
be forgotten. I move that these petitions be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I have a petition on a very
different subject, signed by a large number of
very good people in my State, many of them
ladies, who pray that the Constitution of the
United States maybe so altered as to acknowl-
edge Almighty God as the source of all author-
ity in civil government and the Lord Jesus
Christ as the Ruler among the nations ; which
I move to refer to the Judiciary Committee..
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON also presented a petition
of importers, manufacturers, consumers, and
dealers in nitrate of potash, nitrate of soda,
and chlorate of potash, praying the repeal of
the import duty on these articles; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented an additional
paper from W. 8.. Moorhouse, adjutant gene-
ral of the State of Kansas, in relation to the
application of Mrs. G. A. James, of Doniphan
county, Kansas, for a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of Dr. Wil-
liam B. Carpenter, praying pay for services
rendered to the soldiers in hospitals, particu-
larly at Fort Scott, in Kansas; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition from A. G.
Spalding and others, citizens of the United
States, asking for the prompt passage by Con-
gress of a sixteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution, to be submitted to the Legislatures of
the several States for ratification, which shall
secure to all citizens the right of suffrage with-
out distinction of sex; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of Mrs. J. H.
Allen, Mrs. F. G. Smith, and others, of New
York city, and a petition from citizens of the
State of Kansas, praying an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States prohibiting
all political distinction on account of sex;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Kansas, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Meriden and East Plainfield, New
Hampshire, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a petition of
citizens of Unity, Sullivan county, New Hamp-
shire, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of the several
boards of trustees and other authorities hav-
ing charge of public schools within the Dis-
trict of Columbia, in convention assembled,
representing the great and urgent need which
now exists for pecuniary aid from the General
Government in maintaining and properly ex-
tending the advantages of popular education
in the District; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented a petition of two hundred
and sixty-six citizens of New York; a petition
of seventeen hundred and forty-three citizens
of the United States; a petition of six hun-
dred citizens of the United States, and a peti-
tion signed by two hundred and eight citi-
zens of the United States praying for the prompt
passage of a sixteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, to be submitted
to the Legislatures of the several States for
ratification, which shall secure to all citizens
the right of suffrage, without distinction of
sex; which were referred to the Committee on
tho Judiciary.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Hopkinton, Rhode Island, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN presented petitions^ of
citizens of Columbiana county, of Circleville,
Pickaway county; of Upper Sandusky; of
Shreve, Wayne county ; of Mount Liberty,
Knox county ; of Kenton, Hardin county ; of
Thornville, Perry county; of Adrian, Seneca
county; of Clark's, Coshocton county; of
Gratiot and vicinity, and of Chesterville, Mor-
row county, Ohio, prating the abolition of the
franking privilege ; which were referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads. ^
Mr. McCRBERY presented petitions of citi-
zens of Concordia; of Flint Island, of Allen
county; of Louisville, and of Owensville, Ken-
