696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
tueky, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SCHURZ presented petitions of citizens
of Platte county and of St. Louis, Missouri,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege ; which were referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Caroline
Tinnins, of Louisville, Kentucky, representing
that she is the mother of Frederick Tinnins,
deceased, who was a private in company D,
twenty-seventh regiment Kentucky infantry,
who died in the service at Corinth, Mississippi,
on the 13th of June, 1SB2, praying for back
pension from the date of her son's death to
the 11th of March, 1868, when a pension was
granted her; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.'
Mr. SPENCER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Jacksonville, Alabama, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented five
petitions of citizens of Maine, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege ; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER. I, too, present a petition
asking for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege, from citizens of Braintree, Massachu-
setts ; and I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER also presented a petition of
citizens of Massachusetts, praying that a pen-
sion may be allowed the surviving soldiers of
the war of 1812, and also to the widows of such
as are deceased ; which was referred to the
Committee oil Pensions.
Mr. BAYARD. I present the petition of
Z. A. Pool, postmaster, and other citizens of
the town of McDonough, Delaware, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege;
and likewise the petition of William Asheraft
and others, of Odessa, Delaware, praying for
the same thing ; and I would here remark that
while these petitioners pray that the franking
privilege maybe abolished, they send me these
papers under the franks of postmasters, and
marked ''official business," which I have no
doubt is strictly true. I move the reference
of these petitions to the Committee on Post
Officcs and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WJLLEY presented a memorial of mem-
bers of the bar of .Franklin county, Virginia,
praying that regular terms of the United States
district court for the district of Virginia may
be held at Christiansburg, in that State ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
He also presented the petition, of J. C.
Lewis, praying for compensation for property
taken from him by the quartermaster's depart-
ment, in 18G2 and 186S ; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Philemon Jones and ten others, citizens of
Prinee George county, Maryland, praying that
a pension may be allowed the surviving soldiers
of the war of 1812, and also to the widows of
such as are deceased ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of Stephen W.
falls and forty others, citizens of Baltimore
county, Maryland, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of George W.
Benjamin and thirty-four others, citizens of
Cecil county, Maryland, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. OSBORN presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Florida, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a mail route from New Troy to
Clear Water Harbor, in that State ; which wa3
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of F. S. Filer,
praying that an American register may be
granted to the schooner Miami, of Key West,
Florida ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
citizens of Lincoln, Logan county, Illinois,
praying for the passage of a law for the com-
pulsory prepayment of all domestic postage,
except upon such matter as may be entitled to
free delivery by special enactment; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented petitions of citizens of
Walnut, Bureau county, and of Fullers Point,
Illinois, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of citi-
zensof Pebble Creek,Dodge county, Nebraska,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege ; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of Burnett Station, Wisconsin, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. HOWE. I also present the petition of
Edward A. Goodrongh, of Oneida, Brown
county, Wisconsin, who says that he is the
only citizen of that county, and that all his
neighbors are Indians, and he supposes that
none but citizens are expected to sign the peti-
tion, and he unanimously petitions for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege. [Laughter.]
1 move its reference to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petition of
John M. Fant, of Virginia, praying the removal
of his political disabilities ; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Jackson county, Iowa ; a
petition of citizens of Garden Grove, Iowa ; a
petition of citizens of Wayne county, West
Virginia; a petition of citizens of New Bed-
ford, Ohio ; a petition of citizens of Saline
county, Illinois; a petition of citizens of
Tompkins county, New York, and a petition
of citizens of the United States, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege ; which
were referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
PAl'EJtS WITHDRAWN AND REFEUKKD.
On motion of Mr. ROSS, it was
Ordered, That ilio petition of John A. Wilcox be
taken from the files of the Senate and referred to tiio
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That Hoy McLanc have leave to with-
draw his petition and other papers from the files of
the Senate.
REPOltTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Oliver Powers, praying that he may be allowed
pay as a private in company K, tenth regiment
Tennessee cavalry, up to the day the company
i was discharged, asked to be discharged from
j its further consideration, and that it be referred
! to the Committee on Military Affairs ; which
| was agreed to.
| He also, from the same committee, to whom
! was referred the petition of Lucy J. Jiles,
praying for arrears of pay, bounty, and pen-
sion, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Claims,
to whom were referred the petition and other
papers of John B. Earle, in relation to his
claim for damages done to his property in West
Virginia by United States troops, have in-
structed me to report the same back to the Sen-
ate. They have considered these papers, butthe
petitioner desires to withdraw them, and I ask
tjiat an order be made allowing him to do so.
It was so ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom were referred
various petitions praying for an appropriation
by Congress to relieve the wants of the poor
of the District of Columbia, reported a bill (S.
No. 4-35) for the temporary relief of the poor
and destitute people in the District of Colum-
bia ; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. DRAKE. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 92) for the relief of certain
contractors for the construction of vessels of
war and steam machinery, have instructed me
to report it back with amendments, and to rec-
ommend its passage ; and I would trespass so
far upon the kindness of the Senate as to ask
for the present consideration of this joint res-
olution, it being, when the amendments are
adopted, exactly the very same joint resolution
that the Senate passed previously, and which
failed to receive concurrence in the other House
for want of time. I am sure it will not take two
minutes to pass it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri asks unanimous consent that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
joint resolution reported bv him.
Mr. CONKLING. Let it" be read in full for
information.
Mr. DRAKE. Jt is quite short. The
amendments are reported on the printed copy
in writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the desire
of the Senator that the joint resolution shall
be reported as it will stand if amended?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
reported by the Secretary.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, with
the amendments, as follows :
"Whereas Congress, by an aet passed on the 2d of
March, 18o7, provided for the investigation by the
Secretary of tho Navy of the claims of all the con-
tractors for building vessels of war and steam ma-
chinery ; and whereas, pursuant to the act aforesaid,
the Secretary of tho Navy appointed a naval board
for the investigation of the claims in question, and
it appearing that the provisions of said act have not
been fully conformed to in the findings of said board,
and as Congress have neither the time nor means for
tho careful legal investigation which the importance
of thesubjeot demands, and for the purpose of re-
lieving it from the further consideration of the sub-
ject, and as a final settlement ot tho claims of the
contractors: Therefore,
IJe it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Conaress
assembled, That the claims for building vessels of war
and steam machinery referred to in the act entitled
"An act for the relief of certain contractors for the
construction of vessels of war and steam machinery,"
approved March 2,1867, be referred to the Court of
Claims, which is hereby vested with jurisdiction
under said aet, and whose duty it shall bo to invest-
igate and determine the claims of the several peti-
tioners upon the principles of tho act aforesaid, and
said finding shall have the same force and effect as
any other judgment of said Court of Claims: Pro-
vided, That no claim shall be thus referred under
this resolution in favor of Sccor & Co., Perine, Secor
& Co., Harrison Loring, the Atlantic Works of Bos-
ton, Aquilla Adams, M. I'\ Merril l, Tomlinson, Ilart
upec & Co., Harland & Hollingsworth, or Poole
Hunt, or any or either of them, upon any vessel upon
Co., Harland & Hollingsworth, or Poole
whichau allowance was made by the board organized
under tho act of March 2,1867.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this joint
resolution ?
Mr. POMEROY. I should certainly object
to that preamble. I do not wish it to be set
forth that Congress has neither the time nor
the means to attend to anything of this kind.
I have no objection to the resolution.
Mr. DRAKE. I am willing that that shall
be stricken out.
, The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to it if the preamble shall be stricken out ?
Mr. BOREMAN. I confess I do not under-
stand the joint resolution sufficiently to voto
upon it now.
X
