698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
tions in addition to the $300,000,000 authorized by
the twenty-second section of the act to provide a
national currency secured by a, pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof, approved June 4,1864; and tho
amount of notes so provided shall be furnished to
banking associations organized or to be organized in
those States and Territories having less than their
Eroportion under the apportionment contemplated
y the provisions of the act to amend an act to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the circula-
tion and redemption thereof, approved March 3,
1865; but a new apportionment shall be made as
soon as practicable, based upon the census of 18/0.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That at the end of
each month after the passage of this act it shall be
the duty of the Comptroller of the Currency to report
to the Secretary of the Treasury the amount of cir-
culating notes issuod to national banking associa-
tions during the previous month; wheroupon the
Secretary ot tho Treasury shall redeem and retire an
amount of the three per cent, temporary loan certif-
icates issued under the acts of March 2,1867, and July
25, lS(i8,not less than theamountofoirculatingnotes
so reported; and may, if necessary, in order to pro-
cure the presentation of such temporary loan certif-
icates for redemption, give notice to the holders
thereof, by publication or otherwise, that certain of
said certificates (which shall be designated by num-
ber, date, and amount) shall cease to bear interest
from and after tho date of such notice, and that tho
certificates so designated shall no longer be availa-
ble as any portion of tho lawful money reserve in the
possession of any national bank; and after such
notice no interest shall be paid on such certificates,
and theyshall notbo counted as a partof the reserve
of any banking association.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That upon the
deposit of any United States bonds bearing interest
payablo in gold with the Treasurer of the United
States, in the manner prescribed in the nineteenth
and twentieth sections of the national curroncy act,
it shall be lawful for the Comptroller of the Currency
to issue to the association making the same circu-
lating notes of different denominations not less than
five dollars, equal in amount to ninety per cent, of
thegold value of the bonds deposited, butnot exceed-
ing eighty per cent, of their par value; which notes
shall oear upon their face the promise of the asso-
ciation to which they are issued to pay them upon
presentation at tho office of the association in gold
or silver coin of tile United States, and shall bo
redeemable upon such presentation in such coin.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That every
national banking association formed under the pro-
visions of section three of this act shall at all times
keep on hand not less than twenty-five per cent,
of its outstanding circulation in gold or silver coin
of tho United States, and shall receive at par in tho
payment of debts tho gold notes of evory other bank-
ing association which at the time of such payment
shall be redeeming its circulating notes in gold or
silver coin of the United States.
Sko. 5. And be it further enacted, That every asso-
ciation organized for tho purpose of issuing gold
notes, as provided in tho preceding section, shall be
subject to all the requirements and provisions of the
national currency act except the first clause of sec-
tion twenty-two, which limits the circulation of
national banking associations to $300,000,000; the first
clause of section thirty-two, which, taken in con-
nection with the preceding section, would require
national banking associations organized in tho city
of San Francisco to redeem their circulating notes
at par in thecity of Now York; and the last clause
of section thirty-two, which requires every national
hanking association to rcceivo in payment of debts
the notes of every other national bauking associa-
tion at par: Provided, That in applying the pro-
\ isioiis and requirements of said act to the banking
associations herein provided for, the terms "lawful
money," and " lawful money of the United States,"
shall be held and construed to mean gold or silver
coin of tho United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I do not
propose in opening the debate on this bill to
make any elaborate financial speech. What
I desire to say will be addressed solely to the
Senate, and bear entirely upon the points pre-
sented by this bill. The bill proposes to deal
with two questions: first the equalization of
the national currency, and second the estab-
lishment of banks to issue coin notes; and
these two propositions are the only subjects on
which I shall say anything. I shall speak as
briefly as possible, and present the questions
involved as clearly as I can, so as to confine
the debate, if possible, to these two questions.
There are a great multitude of financial ques-
tions now agitating the public mind that are
somewhat kindred, connected with these two.
The enlargement of the discussion by introduc-
ing them would, I think, rather obscure the
argument than make it plain.
The first two sections of this bill provide for
a partial equalization of the bank circulation
of the United States. The present circulation
is distributed with such gross inequality as to be
revolting to the sense of justice. Three States
whose people are among the most enterprising
and active of our countrymen, containing a
population of 1,865,833, or one fifteenth of the
population of the United States, have an aggre-
gate circulation amounting to $96,890,497.
These States are Massachusetts, Rhode Island,
and Connecticut. With a population of less than
two millions, they have one third of the -whole'
national circulation, so that onefifteenth ofthe
population absorb and monopolize one third of
the national circulation. The southern States,
with a population ofabout eleven millions,have
scarcely any circulation, perhaps a few mil-
lions. I have here the tables in detail, but I
cannot give the aggregate. It is probably not
one fourth as much as the State of Massachu-
setts alone. The western States, all of them
rapidly growing communities, with cities and
towns and business springing up with amazing
rapidity, some of them formed into States
within a few years, have practically no circu-
lation. The Pacific coast is practically ex-
cluded from our banking system, simply be-
cause there they use coin alone in circulation
and our currency is sold at a discount.
Thus the present system, which ought to be
a national one equally and fairly diffused through
tho United States, is confined in its beneficial
effects to the eastern and mainly to the New
England States. This gross and palpable
injustice has grown out of a violation of law
by the Comptroller of the Currency and the
Secretary of the Treasury. This fact I stated -
at the last session, and I wish now to call the
attention of the Senate distinctly to the law
under which this grossly unequal distribution
occurred. The first national bank act contained
a provision for tho distribution of the banking
circulation. The act of February 25, 1863,
contained this clause:
" That the entire amount of circulating notes to be
issued under this act shall not exceed $300,000,000,
?'150,000,000 of which sum shall be apportioned to
associations in tho States, in tho Distriotof Columbia,
and in tho Territories, according to representative
population; and the remainder shall bo apportioned
by tho Secretary ofthe Treasury among associations
formed iu ! lie several States, in the 1J is trie tot Colum-
bia, and in the Territories, having due regard to the
existing banking capital, resources, and business of
such States, District, and Territories."
Under this act each State would have been
entitled to a little over five dollars for each in-
habitant, according to the census of 1860, out
of the first $150,000,000, and then the other
$150,000,000 would have been distributed ac-
cording to business, capital, and resources.
The eastern States being much wealthier than
the southern and western, as a matter of course
would have received much the larger portion
ofthe last ยง150,000,000; but under the other
provisions of this act each State would have
at least five dollars for each inhabitant. The
revised banking act of June 3, 1864, omitted
this provision for a distribution, and the rea-
son was that the old State banks and new
banks formed under the national banking sys-
tem very slowly. The disposition was to en-
courage tho old banks, as rapidly as they could,
to form under the new banking System. Sec-
tion forty-four of that revised act contained
this provision:
" That any bank incorporated by special law, or
any banking institution organized under a general
law of any State, may, by authority of this act, be-
come a national association under its provisions, by
the name proscribed in its organization certificate."
This gave to each existing bank, without
regard to the rule of distribution, the right to
organize under the national banking system.
It was supposed when this act. took effect that
these banks would rapidly go into the new sys-
tem, but that still the amount of $300,000,000
would be amply sufficient to secure to each
State its proper proportion. So matters pro-
ceeded. In the fall of 1864 the old banks were
rapidly going into the new system. Then it
was found necessary to reenact the old pro-
vision requiring a distribution. After a con-
siderable debate in the Senate, in the session
of 1864-65, Congress by an amendment to the
national banking act restored in the same words
the old provision of the act of 1863. I will read
it again. By the act approved March 3, 1865,
it was provided:
"And that $150,000,000 of the entire amount of
cirulating notes authorized to bo issued shall bo
apportioned to associations in the States, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and in the Territories, according
to representative population, and the remainder
shall be apportioned by the Secretary of the Treasury
among associations formed in the respective States,
in the District of Colombia, and in the Territories,
having due regard to the existing banking capital,
resources, and business of such State, District, and
Territory."
This was the act of March 3,1865. _ Accord-
ing to the last report before that time there
were only $65,000,000 of circulation outstand-
ing, so that this old provision or barrier against
unequal distribution was restored to the law
long before there was any great amount in cir-
culation. The amount outstanding on the 1st
of October, 1864, according to the official state-
ment, which I have in my hand, was $65,864,650.
When the war closed, and as the credit of
the country revived, banks were rapidly organ-
ized under the national banking system. Then
it was that this privilege, which for a long time
had gone a begging, was eagerly sought for by
old and new banking associations ; andasthe
capital of the country was accumulated mainly
in the older States, immediately after the war
was over there was a great rush to organize
national banks there. The Comptroller of the
Currency utterly disregarded the law that I
have read, and authorized banks to be formed
without any reference whatever to that rule of
distribution. He did not even refer to such a
law in his next report. Now he justifies him-
self by a provision of an act passed on the same
day, the 3d of March, 1865, an amendment
made to an internal revenue act, an amend-
ment offered and adopted with scarcely any
consideration, in.the last hours of the session
thrust into a place where it did not belong. It
is a striking evidence of' the effects of legisla-
tion put upon appropriation bills and other bills
during the last hours of a session. Under that
amendment the Comptroller sought to excuse
or justify his disregard of the provision passed
after debate on the same day. I will read that
amendment. It was inserted on motion of the
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,]
I think at midnight, or at a very late hour:
"That any existing bank organized under tho laws
of any State having a paid-up capital of not less
than $75,001), which shall apply before the 1st day of
J uly next, shall have authority to become a national
bank under the act entitled "An act to provideana-
tional currency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and re-
demption thereof," approved June 3,18G4, and shall
comply with all the requirements of said act shall,
if such bank bo found by the Comptroller of tho
Currency to be in good standing and credit, receive
such authority in preference to new associations ap-
plying for the same."
That is, it continued the old privilege in favor
of the old banks up to the 1st of July then fol-
lowing, the 1st of July, 1865. Now, it seems
to me than an executive officer, in construing
these two laws together, both being of the same
date, would give effect to both. He would
naturally say that tho distribution would be
made under the act of March 3, 1865, first read
by me. and then that in availing themselves of
that distribution the existing banks within
the State might under the second act I read
have the priority within the limits assigned to
that State under the distribution. That was
undoubtedly the true construction of the acts;
but even this limited operation of the amend-
ment of Mr. Anthoxy is confined to and ex-
pires on the 1st of July, 18G5. It was a privi-
lege that expired on the 1st of July, 1805 ; and
yet on the Istot July, 18G5, the whole amount
of banking circulation was less than one hun-
dred and fifty million dollars, and the other
SI50,000,000 was issued in plain disregard of
law, without any pretense or justification, and
that has created all this difficulty.
I have in my hand the report of the Comp-
troller of the Currency , showing that on the 1st
of October, 1865, three months after this priv-
ilege had exhausted itself, the whole amount
