1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
of circulation then outstanding was $190,847,-
055,leaving §110,000,000 yet tobe distributed;
and yet this $110,000,000 was issued to banks
in the old States, not only in violation of the
act which I have read, of March 3, 1865, but
in violation of the act under pretense of which
it was done. That act expired by its own lim-
itation on the 1st of July preceding. I call atten-
tion to this matter simply to show that this
whole difficulty grew out of a disregard of the
law; that it was not the defect of the law, but
a violation of the law.
_ Now, Mr. President, this unequal distribu-
tion creates an iron monopoly, which is the
source of sectional complaint in this country,
and which, as sure &s fate, will overthrow this
system of banking snless it is corrected in
some way. You cannot maintain in this coun-
try a system whiEh is bound around by a limit
beyond which you cannot go ; a system which
is now regarded as a profitable privilege, the
great body of which has been absorbed by a
single section of the country. When you add
the fact that this unequal distribution was
brought about by a plain and palpable viola-
tion of law you_ have a case of injustice that
will not be submitted to. It will be overthrown
even if the whole system must be overthrown.
From the very time this inequality was as-
certained, at the very next session of Con-
gress, bills were introduced both in the Senate
and House to provide for a redistribution of
the currency. Complaints were made that the
new States, where credit is needed, where
money is needed, where more than anywhere
else the convenience of banking is necessary,
were utterly excluded; that they were allowed
no banks, no means of borrowing; while the
older States, where credit was less needed,
where capital had accumulated by ages of
labor, bad a superfluity of circulation. Then
it arose that in the West there was a great cry
for more currency. Every western State de-
manded of its Representatives and Senators
more currency, while the eastern States, who
had a superfluity of itunder the law and under
the distribution, rather demanded contraction.
Yet when the western States called on the
eastern States to surrender a portion of this
circulation difficulties occurred. They then
claimed that these banks had vested rights;
that they had received the circulation in good
faith, in accordance with law; that it would
be wrong to take it away from them ; that it
would derange their business, call in debts and
loans, and would be very embarrassing.
So strong was the necessity of equalizing this
distribution felt that during the last Congress
both Houses passed bills on the subject with-
drawing from the New England States their
excess of circulation and distributing it among
the western and southern States ; but the Sen-
ate and House differed as to the extent and
manner of the redistribution. The House de-
manded a general revision and tearing up, you
may say, of the old banking institutions in the
eastern States and the distribution of that cir-
culation in the West. The House bill was so
general in its character that I felt the force of
the argument of the Senators who opposed it,
that it would derange their business and do
more harm to the whole business of the coun-
try than it would do good to the western States.
We in the Senate proposed to limit the distri-
bution to twenty, thirty, or forty million dol-
lars, and to that extent we did provide for it; but
the difference between the two Houses caused
both propositions to fail, and now the circula-
tion continues unequally distributed as before.
The question now is, what remedy ought to
be proposed ? There are but two. The first is
to carry out the plan, proposed at the last Con-
gress, to recall from the banks in the eastern
States their excess of circulation and distribute
it to the West and South, maintaining the limit
of $300,000,000 of national bank circulation.
The objection to that has already been stated
by me, and will no doubt be stated by others
if the debate should go so far, that it would
derange business more in the East than it would
help the West and South; that although the
officers of the 'Government may have done
wrong, yet as these banks had a kind of vested
right in the privilege granted to them for a cer-
tain length of time, it would be hard to take it
away from them. That argument of hardship
was felt here in the Senate, and I presume will
prevent now anything like a general redistri-
bution of the national banking circulation.
The only other way is to increase the limit
of banking circulation. It is now limited to
$390,000,000. The Committee on Finance
proposed to raise the limit to $345,000,000
and allow this increase of $45,000,000 to be
distributed in the West and South. Here
at once objection is made that this is an
inflation of the currency ; this is an expansion
of the currency. For one I must say that I
cannot support any measure, with my views of
what is best for the public interests, pending
the present condition of affairs and the suspen-
sion of specie payments, that will increase the
volume of paper currency in this country, until
we get down to the solid standard of gold and
silver coin. And yet at the same time I see
the vital necessiiy, the imperious necessity of
repairing this unequal distribution of banking
circulation. We must do that or else be prepared
to see the whole system of national banking
overthrown and give way to the old system of
State banks.
The national banking system is infinitely
preferable to any State banking system. I do
not think any intelligent man who examines this
question will hesitate on that point. The old
State banks were governed by a diversity of
laws; they were bound in a diversity of secur-
ities, and in many cases without any. The
bills were as multifarious in form, color, and
dies as the wit of bank-note engravers could
devise. Under the national system wo have
absolute security to the bill-holder. We have
the identity of the notes. There are but a few
forms of notes, so that any plain man carrying
on the ordinary business ot life can tell whether
a note is good or not. They are all printed
with the greatest carc by the Government.
The Government is the guarantor. The Gov-
ernment holds in its hands absolute security
for their redemption. They are a uniform cur-
rency, floating all over the United States, as
good in one place as another; while under the
State banking system the notes were only good
within the limits of the State. I think no one
who has investigated this subject would now
propose to restore the State banking system.
The national banking system is much better,
much more secure, much more certain; but at
the same timo the national banking system
cannot be maintained as a sectional monopoly.
This is the vital weakness of the system, which
if removed would leave us the best paper cur-
rency yet devised.
Now, Mr. President, in order to avoid any
expansion of the currency there were two
courses open to the Committee on Finance,
and on this there was some difference of opin-
ion. One was as the new bank notes were
issued to withdraw the United States notes, or,
as 'they are commonly called in the familiar-
language of the day, the greenbacks. This
proposition, even if it should receive the assent
of the Senate, would not probably receive the
assent of the House. The greenbacks are the
great favorite of the people. They have been
the agency and means by which our country
was carried through the war. They are a con-
venient form of currency. During the suspen-
sion of specie payments they are the best form
of currency. Any contraction of the amount
of greenbacks, except as a means of approach-
ing specic payments, would be met by a strong
popular feeling. Even if our reason should
convince us that it is wiser and better to with-
draw greenbacks, in order to give place to
national bank notes and gold and silver coin,
the popular sense of our constituents would
prevent us from doing it.
This feeling is the great obstacle to "specie
payments. If we should attempt it it will cause
a contraction of the currency more severe and
stringent than any we have yet felt. Hereto-
fore any contraction that has gone on has been
supplied by some other form of circulation.
We have already.retired fifty or" sixty million
dollars of greenbacks, but during that process
we issued over one hundred million dollars of
national bank notes. If now the process of
contraction should go on, if we withdraw green-
backs merely to equalize the distribution of
bank circulation, we would create a stringency
in the money market and prevent the formation
of new banks, leaving the present distribution
a festering sore of sectional irritation. The
payment of the greenbacks or their funding
into bonds should be treated as a distinct
measure of financial policy—as a measure of
resumption, and not at all as a means of dis-
tributing bank circulation. But this is a sub-
ject that is scarcely worth discussing now, be-
cause in view of the general sentiment in all
parts of our country a retirement now of green-
backs to give way to national bank notes would
not receive the approval of our constituents,
and no financial measure ought to pass Con-
gress unless it receives the judgment of the
substantial people of the country.
The only resort, then, was for the withdrawal
of what are called the three per cent, certifi-
cates. These certificates are a demand loan by
the United States, payable in greenbacks on
demand or after ten days' notice. They draw
three per cent, interest. They are held by the
banks as a portion of their reserve in the place
of greenbacks. They are, therefore, the most
dangerous and offensive form of Government
indebtedness, because we are liable to be called
for the amount of them at a time when it is
most inconvenient to pay them. We are liable
to be called upon to pay them in the midst of
a panic. As we approach specie payments
we may be called upon to pay these certifi-
cates in coin. They were issued only under
the pressure of a necessity. Senators around
me will remember very well their history. The
banks held a large amount of maturing com-
pound-interest notes. Those were in the nature
of currency, and were presented for payment
as they became due. The Secretary of the
Treasury had no means to pay them except
either by issuing a new form of certificates or
issuing more bonds. He did not desire to
increase the bonded debt of the United States,
and therefore called upon Congress to author-
ize him to issue these temporary loan certifi-
cates. The only reason why they were taken
at all, bearing as they did so low a rate of
interest as three per cent., was because we
gave the banks who hold them the privilege to
hold them as a part of their reserve. They may
at any time by a contraction of the currency
be forced out of the banks upon the Treasury
for payment. This form of indebtedness ought
to be paid off as rapidly as possible.
But the payment of these three per cent, cer-
tificates operates as a contraction of the cur-
rency. As they are paid off and retired their
place must be supplied by the same amount of
greenbacks in the vaults of the bank. They
are in every essential particular except actual
circulation among the people a currency pre-
cisely to the same extent as the United States
notes. The very moment they are paid off"
they must be supplied by United States notes.
If they are presented for payment they must
be paid in United States notes or coin. They
fill the exact vacuum and place that must be
filled by the greenbacks. The bill therefore
proposes to retire $15,000,000 of three per
cent, certificates, all that are now outstanding,
as these new bank notes are issued.
Under the first and second sections of tlie
bill, therefore, $45,000,000of circulatingnotes
will be apportioned among the several States,
in accordance with existing law, mainly to the
people of the South, and as the banks are
organized from month to month the Secretary
