706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
men have agreed upon to facilitate the exchange of
one commodity for another. It is none of the wheels
of trade; it is the oil which renders the motion of
the wheels more smooch and easy."
Even Mr. Carey, who seems to me the ablest
writer who has yet discussed the subject of
political economy, seems to adopt Mr. Hume's
definition. I cannot accept this definition of
money. It seems to me too narrow and con-
fined. To my apprehension money is not more
the oil which facilitates the movements of com-
merce than the compost which stimulates pro-
duction ; it aids production not less efficiently
than it facilitates distribution. Where money
is there labor resorts, enterprise quickens,
forests are cleared, farms are opened, facto-
ries lift up their ceasoless din, towns spring up
and railways are unrolled before the demands
of eager trade. But where money is not, labor
flies, enterprise is paralyzed, agriculture lan-
guishes, and the pack-mule suffices for the
movements of commerce. Therefore I think
Professor Newman was right when he declared
"that no statesman can possibly guess how
much or howlittleis wanted," and the Comp-
troller of the Currency is equally right when
he declares, with even more emphasis, that—
"Nohuman intelligonco can fix the amount of
currency that is really needed."
And I know not what single fact can be
adduced to prove that our circulation is too
voluminous. Is it that it will not command a
fair rate of interest? But 111 New York, where
money is most abundant, it is loaned readily
at seven per cent, on call. Is it that prices
are too high? The western farmer who sells
wheat for seventy-five cents per bushel in Chi-
cago does not think prices too high. Is it
because money is so abundant as to be forced
into unproductive investments ? Look through
the whole stock lists. I do not know of a sin-
gle stock besides those exceptional ones held
for gambling purposes which does not divide
ten per cent, on its market value.
Railroad bonds on finished roads at the rate
of only §13,500 per mile, with interest and
principal payable in gold, are offered at less
than par.
I do not doubt that the volume of circulation
is greater as compared with the whole amount
of vendible commodities now than it was in
1860. But consider what that circulation has
done and is doing. At last American activity
has spread across the continent; a railway
stretches from ocean to ocean ; and I am con-
fident the census to be taken this year will
show that the decade which has secured the
greatest progress to our development is the one
just closing, during which we have been sub-
jected to the inevitable waste of the greatest
war in history.
In my judgment, therefore, these banks have
110 right to shun the responsibility of redemp-
tion, nor is there any good reason why they
should fear to meet it.
Sagacious men are constantly prognosti-
cating a commercial crisis and a collapse. We
can have one if we wish; but it is as needless
to have one as to have a visitfromthe sirocco.
Legislation must be very stupid and capital
more cowardly even than it is wont to be to
involve us in such a catastrophe, in 1865 we
saw the premium on gold decline from one
hundred and thirty-four and a half per cent.
011 Gth January to forty-seven and a half per
cent, the 25th of March following.
During the past autumn we saw gold decline
from 144\ to 121 J- in seventy days. No con-
vulsion followed upon either event. The coun-
try is prepared for the last step downward.
The apprehension of a collapse has already
produced its worst effects upon food and labor.
Twenty th ousand laborers are falling back upon
Chicago out of work." Breadstuffs are sold
at their minimum. The industrial classes have
nothing more to fear. Give them something
for which to hope.
The other objection to the measure is one
which may be urged on behalf of the tax-payer.
Manifestly the direct effect of funding the legal
tenders will be to swell the interest account of
the Government. When those notes are all
funded, and the coin now in the Treasury dis-
bursed to the creditor, our interest account will
be increased about eighteen million dollars per
annum. That is a burden which should not be
added to the load the people now carry unless
they can be assured of some countervailing
benefits. Would they derive any such benefits
from this measure? I answer, yes; benefits
vastly transcending the loss in interest. I shall
enumerate but three of these advantages:
First, the Government collceted during the
last fiscal year a little more than one hundred
and eighty millions of gold from duties on im-
ports. The receipts from the same source vary
bat little from that sum from year to year.
That gold is paid to the Government by the
importer. Of course whatever that gold costs
him he charges to the cost of his goods, and he
collects that cost from the people of the United
States who consume the goods. The average
premium 011 gold has been not less than thirty-
five per cent, for the last three years. Thus
the §180,000,000 paid to the Government cost
the people not less than $63,000,000 in pre-
mium. Whenwetake into account the several
profits paid the importer, the jobber, and the
retail dealer the cost of that gold to the people
in premium and profits cannot be less than
$90,000,000. If the Governmentwill relinquish
the business of circulating paper to the banks
they will furnish that gold at par. Can the peo-
ple afford to save $18,000,000 of interest at the
costof$90,000,000 in premiums?
The second advantage is this: the moment
you return to n, circulation convertible into
coin that moment you will have emancipated
the business of the country from the thralldom
of Wall street.
I11 the healthiest condition of your finances
great capitalists may combine to raise or lower
the market price of any given commodity, as
of wheat, 01- corn, or cotton, or pork. But the
combination will affect only the price of the
article 011 which they operate, and usually will
not affect the price of that beyond the market
in which they operate. But gold is the stand-
ard by which the value of all commodities is
measured. While that is an article of mer-
chandise, whoever can raise or lower the price
of that will influence the price of every other
commodity more or less sensibly. Every mer-
chant, every mechanic, and every farmer has
come to know that to their sorrow. They know
also that in New York exist powerful combina-
tions whoso daily business, whose constant
struggle, it is to influence the price of gold.
While that is so no merchant call tell when he
buys what he will be able to sell for. No
farmer can tell when he plants what the har-
vest may be worth. So long as that state of
things continues Paul may still plant, Apollos
may still water, and God may still give the in-
crease. But What the increase will be worth in
the market will depend upon the bulls and the
bears in Wall street.
The last and greatest advantage I have to
enumerate is this : the measure will redeem
the nation from the only reproach now resting
upon its character and from the only suspicion
now resting on its good faith. I said in the
beginning of those remarks that one of the
great misfortunes of our position was that the
integrity of the nation was distrusted. No one
doubts our ability to pay our debt. That has
been demonstrated beyond room for doubt
during the short life of this Administration.
But unfortunately, while the Secretary of the
Treasury has made heavy investments of our
surplus income in the bonds of the Govern-
ment not yet due, he has made and he has
been authorized to make no disposition what-
ever of these overdue obligations now floating
about the country, apparently for the very
purpose of banishing coin from our sight. And
not only is no attempt made to redeem these
broken promises, but the world hears a great
political party constantly threatening to em ploy
that very paper in liquidating the interest-))ear-
ing obligations of the Government. Under
such circumstances is it strange that our pur-
poses should "be distrusted? How the world
has jeered at the illusion of Wilkins Micawber,
because when he had induced his baker or his
grocer to accept his I O U he fancied he had
paidhisdebt, andwouldfloridlyexelaim, "Now
I can once more hold up my head among my
fellow-men."
But we are infinitely more absurd than poor
Micawber. W,e have issued our due bills to
the amount of hundreds of millions, we have
made our creditors accept them, and now wo
actually insist upon using them as bank capi-
tal. Each one of us has seen in our time that
thriftless, idle sponge of whom his neighbors
wittily say that he "lives on the interest of
what he owes." Here is a great Government
actually trying that very experiment. Let us
abandon the effort. Let us redeem our due-
bills in the way I have pointed out. And when
the world can no longer taunt us with a single
overdue obligation outstanding, and when we
no longer threaten the bondholder with the
greenback, then we may confidently expect to
command a new loan at the lowest rate of
interest exacted of nations. Then our integ-
rity will no more be questioned than is our
ability now. Then you can proudly tell the
world that while England barely defrays her
yearly expenses from her yearly revenues, and
while Prance, Spain, Portugal, Austria, Prus-
sia, and Russia severally add largely to their
respective public debts every year, in peace
and in war, we not only meet the last farthing
of our annual expenses with our annual rev-
enues, but already, while our interest account
is heaviest and our industry most crippled,we
are paying $100,000,000 annually of our funded
debt. Then you may hope to refund your debt
at a saving of from twenty to thirty million
dollars annually. And then you will also
advance the Republic in commercial credit,
to the point where she now stands in national
resources and physical power, not to the front
rank merely, but to the very front of the
nations of the earth.
I have thus stated what measures are, in my
judgment, demanded by the public necessities.
The pending bill comes far short of them, if it
does not run counter to them. I complain
that the Government compels the public cred-
itor to carry its overdue obligations and makes
him 110 compensation for doing so.
The pending bill does not attempt to right
that wrong. 1 complain that you have limited
by inflexible law the amount of circulation.
The pending bill perpetuates that wrong. I
complain that the franchise of banking is a
monopoly which was arbitrarily and unjustly
distributed among a few to the exclusion of the
multitude. The pending bill offers a new
monopoly to be scrambled for. I complain
that the South and West are denied equal
rights under your law. The pending bill pro-
poses to silence our complaints of you by
flinging us the pittance of $45,000,000 to growl
over among ourselves.
Above all, I complain that legitimate trade
is imperiled and honest effort is paralyzed by
the men who are daily making contracts for the
future delivery of gold. The pending bill pro-
poses to charter great corporations to engage
in that very business. I want a law which de-
clares the gold gambler a criminal and will
consign him to the penitentiary for life. The
funding bill proposes to license him and to set
up his traffic under the Eegis of solemn law.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from New
York does not desire to proceed to-night, as I
presume he does not, I would thank him if ho
would allow me to submit au amendment, and
to occupy the attention of the Senate for a
moment merely in explaining the amendment.
