1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
70^
Mr. FENTON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me say, Mr. President,
that I have no purpose under these circum-
stances of entering into the debate; but I can-
not miss the opportunity of making one com-
ment 011 the bill before I send to the Chair an
amendment which I shall ask to have printed.
The bill is in five sections, and it has two
distinct objects, which, however, in the title
are strangely reversed; that is, the objectwhich
forms the subject-matter of the first two sec-
tions is made the last in the title, while that
which forms the subject-matter of the last three
sections is made the first in the title. The first
two sections are devoted to a project of equal-
izing the distribution of circulating notes, and
they propose to supply $4-5,000,000 additional
for this purpose.
On that proposition I wish merely to remark
now that to my mind it is entirely inadequate ;
it does not meet the exigency. I may be mis-
taken ; the debate may show that I am wrong ;
but to the best of my knowledge at this moment
that proposition does not meet the requirement
of this time.
Then we come to the last three sections,
which, according to the language of the title,
provide a national currency of coin notes, but
which I would describe in another way. Those
last three sections, if adopted, institute a sys-
tem of free banking on a specie basis. To iny
mind that is impossible until we have specie
payments. I believe, therefore, that part of
the bill is illusory ; it will not go into practical
operation, at least to any such extent as to be
of much value.
Then, in the second place, it will create a
new currency. Is it not enough that we already
have two currencies, greenbacks and the bank
notes, but now we are going to have, besides,
gold coin-notes—a third currency ? Is that ex-
pedient? Is it desirable ? I have my doubts;
and I doubt very much the efficacy of this
whole bill. I venture to send to the Chair an
amendment in the nature of a substitute, which
I ask to have printed. At the proper time I
may make it the occasion of some observa-
tions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire to have it read at present?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not. I do not move
the amendment now, but simply send to the
Chair an amendment of which I give notice
and ask to have printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
bo made if there be no objection.
Mr. COLE. I submit an amendment to the
pending bill which I desire to have printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The order to
print will be entered, no objection being made.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now, with the consent of
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Fenton,]
who is entitled to the floor, I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to.
committee service.
Mr. HAMLIN. Before the doors are closed
I wish to submit a motion that some of my
technical friends deem necessary. It is sug-
gested that there was a moment this morning
when I was without a colleague in t'n« ' odv.
The crack was so narrow that I did not in.iik a
casuist could get his finger into_ it; but that
there shall be no trouble about it I ask con-
sent that my colleague be continued upon the
same committees that he was a member of
under his gubernatorial appointment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the order asked by the Senator from
Maine with regard to his colleague will be
made. The Chair hears no objection.
executive session.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. After an hour spent in
executive session the doors were reopened, and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 24, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
t The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
iirst business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order.
minister to china.
Mr. PETERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
889) to increase the salary of the minister to
China; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
additional session 01' congress.
Mr. PETERS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 890) to repeal an act approved January 22,
1867, which provides for an additional session
of Congress; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
penobscot 1uyer.
Mr. PETERS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 892) to provide for the improvement of
the Penobscot river, in the State of Maine;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
charles e. dole.
Mr. PETERS also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 891) for the relief of Charles E. Dole;
which was read a firstand second time, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
union river, maine.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (n. R._No._893)
to provide for the improvement of Union river,
in the State of Maine; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
narraguagus river, maine.
Mr. HALE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 894) to provide for the improvement of
the Narraguagus river, in the State of Maine ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
pitcher and iiayford, and others.
Mr. HALE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 895) for the relief of Pitcher & Hayford
and Otis & Ferguson, of Belfast, Maine; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
salary of postal clerks.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
89G) fixing the salary of postal clerks on the
Pacific railroad; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
washington, etc., steamship company.
Mr. DAWES introduced _a bill (H. R. No.
897) to incorporate the Washington and Boston
Steamship Company; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
post route in massachusetts.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (II. R. No. 898) to establish a post route
from Bedford to Carlisle, in the county of Mid-
dlesex, State of Massachusetts; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
liability of ship-owners, etc.
Mr. DIXON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
899) 'concerning the liability of ship-owners,
maritime liens, salvage, and the jurisdiction
of courts in admiralty ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
missouri and arkansas land orant.
Mr. KELLOGGintroduced a bill (H. R. No.
900) resuming the lands granted to the States
of Arkansas and Missouri to aid in the build-
ing of a railway from a point on the Missis-
sippi river opposite the mouth of the Ohio river,
via Little Rock, to the Texas boundary near
Fulton, in Arkansas, and regranting the same
to other parties engaging to build the road;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
additional bounties.
Mr. FERRISS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
901) in relation to additional bounties; which
was road a first and second time, referred to'
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
examination or collectors' accounts.
Mr. FERRISS also introduced a bill (H. II.
No. 902) limiting the appointment of certain
officers in the Treasury Department; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States, and ordered to be printed.
general james c. strong.
Mr. BENNETT introduced a bill(H. R. No.
903) for the relief of Brevet Brigadier General
James C. Strong; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
william s. mitchell.
Mr. GETZ introduced a bill (H. R. No. 904)
for the relief of William S. Mitchell; which was.
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
clarissa huhn.
Mr. O'NEILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
905) authorizing the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll the name of Clar-
issa Huhn, widow of George Huhn, an Army
contract surgeon ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
pay of letter-carriers.
Mr. MYERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
907) fixing the compensation of letter-carriers
at $1,200 per annum wherever the free-deliv-
ery system is in operation; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
supreme court oe the united states.
Mr. CESSNA introduced a bill (H. R. No.
906) to increase the number of judges of the
Supreme Court of the United States, and defin-
ing the jurisdiction of the courts of the United
States in certain cases; which was read a first,
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
i'ost road in maryland.
Mr. STONE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
908) to establish a post road in Maryland ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. DOCKERY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 909) for the removal of political and Iega
disabilities ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
louisa shblton.
Mr. HEATON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
910) for the relief of Louisa Shelton, of ISorth
Carolina; which was read a first and second
