1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
942) to amend the various acts in relation to
pensions, and to place certain militia forces on
the same footing while in actual service as
other United States troops or militia; which
was read a first and second time, referred t,o the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to be printed.
WILLIAM II. MOSS.
Mr. DYER also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
043) for the relief of William H. Moss, post-
master at Clarksville, Pike county, Missouri;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
APPROPRIATION ACT OF 1867-68.
Mr. ROGERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
944) to repeal section seven of an act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,
1868, approved March 2, 1867; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
george w. keyks.
Mr. BLAIR introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 128) for the relief of George W.
Keyes ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
FORT GRATIOT RESERVATION.
Mr. CONGER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
945) to provide for the survey of the Fort Gra-
tiot Military Reservation, in the State of Mich-
igan ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
JAMES STEVENS.
Mr. POMEROY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 946) for the relief of James Stevens;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTIES.
* Mr. McCRARY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 947) to equalize the bounties of soldiers
who served in the war for the suppression of
the rebellion ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
FINANCIAL POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. McCRARY also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 129) concerning the financial
policy of the United States ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
PUBLICATION OF LAWS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 948) to authorize the publication
of laws relating to the Army, Navy, militia,
and Marine corps in the Western Soldiers'
Friend; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
POSTAL TELEGRAPH LINES.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 949) to establish postal tele-
graph lines in the United States ; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
that the bill be referred to a special committee
of seven members.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for a division
on that motion. The matter is already before
a standing committee of the House.
The question was put on Mr. Washburn's
motion ; and there were—ayes 79, noes 44.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for the reading
of the bill.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. FERRY. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Doesthat
take precedence of my motion ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
The question was put on Mr. Ferry's motion;
and there were—ayes 57, noes 72.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Farns-
worth, and Washburn of Wisconsin, were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 69, noes 76.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Washburn, of Wisconsin, on which the yeas
and nays had been demanded.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
referred to a special committee of seven mem-
bers.
ann annis.
Mr. SAWYER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
950) granting a pension to Ann Annis ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
railroad land grant.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 951) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad from the city of Stockton to the town
of Copperopolis, in the State of California;"
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
samuel v. b. strider.
Mr. McGREW introduced a bill (H. R. No.
952) for the relief of Samuel V. B. Strider;
which was read a first and second time, and,
with the accompanying papers, referred to the
Committee of Claims.
jurisdiction of court of claims.
Mr. McGREW also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 1D0) exempting all the
counties of the State of West Virginia from the
operation of the act of Congress entitled " An
act to declare'the sense of an act to restrict
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and to
provide for the payment of certain demands
for quartermaster's stores and subsistence sup-
plies furnished the Army of the United States
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
sale of fublic lands in nebraska.
Mr. TAFFE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
958) to prohibit the sale of the public lands of
the United States in Nebraska except to actual
settlers; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
new mexico.
Mr. CHAVES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
954) to authorize the people of the Territory
of New Mexico to form a constitution and
State government preparatory to their admis-
sion into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
assay office in new mexico.
Mr. CHAVES also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 955) to locate an assay office in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Coinage, Weights, and Measures, and ordered
to be printed.
boundaries of new mexico.
Mr. CHAVES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 956) defining the northern boundaries of
the Territory of New Mexico ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
public buildings in washington territory.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 957) to provide for the
construction of a custom-house upon Port
Townsendbnv, in Washington Territory ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
olympla, washington territory.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 958) to authorize the
construction of a wharf from the foot of Wash-
ington street, in the town of Olympia, in
Washington Territory ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
school lands in washington territory.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 959) for the protec-
tion of bona fide purchasers of school lands in
Washington Territory ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Territories.
wagon-roads in colorado.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 960) authorizing the construction of
wagon-roads in the Territory of Colorado, and
making an appropriation therefor; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
salaries of officers in colorado.
Mr. BRADFORD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 961) in relation to the salaries of cer-
tain officers in the Territory of Colorado; which
was read a first and seeond time, referred to
the Committee on the Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
agricultural colleges in territories.
Mr. SPINK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
962) donating public lands to the several Ter-
ritories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Territories, and
ordered to.be printed.
bridge and ferry in montana.
Mr. CAVANAUGH introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 963) granting to James Gallaher, his
associates and successors, the right to estab-
lish and maintain a bridge or ferry at the Three
Forks of the Missouri river, in the Territory of
Montana ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Territo-
ries, and ordered to be printed.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been completed, the
next business in order is the call for resolu-
tions to be presented for consideration at the
present time. The call on last Monday rested
at the State of Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have a bill which
I desire to introduce for reference. I was not
in when my State was called.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be
recognized for that purpose after the expira-
tion of the morning hour.
committee of elections.
Mr. BURR submitted the following resolu-
tion, upon which he callcd the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That from tho nature of its duties the
Committee of Elections of tho House of Representa-
tives is a judicial body, and in deciding contested
case's referred to such committee the members thereof
should act according to all the rules of law, without
partiality or prejudice, as fully as though under
special oath in each particular ease so decided.
The question was taken upon seconding the
call for the previous question; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 57, noes 9; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered;-and Mr. Benjamin
and Mr. Burr were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 78, noes 33.
So the previous question was seconded. _
Tho main question was then ordered; which
was upon adopting the resolution.
