712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24, ;
order that discussion is out of order, and the
Chair sustains the point of order. The Chair
would suggest to toe gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] that the usual mode of
procedure has been, when a point of order is
made, to let the matter go over to the succeed-
ing Monday upon the motion to suspend the
rules, so that it may come up after the bill is
printed.
Mr. DAWES. It has already been ordered
by the House that this bill shall be the special
order for Wednesday next. I state to my
friend from Tennessee that I do not think
there is any provision in the bill that he
would object to voting for excepting, perhaps,
the provision that abolishes the Bureau of Edu-
cation. That I do not propose to vote for my-
self ; but every provision of the bill has the
unanimous report of the committee except
that, and is in the interest of a reduction of
expenditures. All I ask of the House is that
the bill shall be brought before the House for
their consideration, and then if a majority of
the House do not agree with the Committee on
Appropriations they can so vote.
I will state one of the legislative provisions
of the bill. There is no law to cover into the
Treasury unexpended balances of former ap-
propriations. The Committee on Appropria-
tions have ascertained that $500,000 in a sin-
gle bureau in one of the Departments has
accumulated from time to time. There are
unexpended balances of former appropriations
to that amount, and yet they come here and
ask 'us for $248,000 more this year to carry on
their Department. There is an old appropria-
tion—ten years old—for the New York post
office, out of which to-day they are building
the new post office in the Parle, and it is sup-
posed by the Committee on Appropriations
that it is best to provide that at the end of two
years all unexpended balances shall be covered
into the Treasury unless it is otherwise ordered
in the act of appropriation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] state the bureau
to which he refers ?
Mr. DAWES. If it is desirable I will; it is
the Land Office.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I insist upon my
point of order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. DAWES. I feel it iny duty to ask the
House to so suspend the rules that these provis-
ions 6hall be in order in the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Cannot common
consent be given to have all these provisions
in order in the Committee of the Whole, ex-
cept the one objected to by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Arnell?]
Mr. RANDALL. _ Oh, no.
Mr. AENELL. I insist upon having the bill
read in full.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is it in order to move to
suspend the rule which gives the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Arnell] the right to call
for the reading of the bill?
The SPEAKER. There is a motion now
pending for suspending the rules.
Mr. DAWES. I wish my friend from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Arfell] would listen to me for a
moment.
Mr. ARNELL. Certainly ; with pleasure.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think the gentleman
who has a ccrtain part of this bill so much at
heart will advance his object by any such ex-
penditure of time as this. He knows very well
that he has my cooperation for the preserva-
tion of the Bureau of Education. But I sub-
mit to him that to call for the expenditure of
two hours' time in reading this bill will at the
end of that time leave the matter just where it
is now. I therefore ask the gentleman to with-
draw his call for the reading of this bill, and
let the House say whether they will permit
these other provisions of the bill to be brought
before them for consideration in Committee of
th6 Whole.
Mr. ARNELL. In reply to what the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has
said I would say 
Mr. FAliNSWORTH. I must again insist
upon my point of order.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. ARNELL. Then I insist upon the read-
ing of the bill."
Mr. DAWES. I modify my motion, and
now move fo so suspend the rules of the House
that it shall not be necessary to have this bill
read at the present time, and that the various
provisions of the bill may be in order for con-
sideration in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. Can two thirds of this
House suspend the rules so as deny to a minor-
ity of one third the right ofknowing what is in
this bill?
The SPEAKER. It is a right which the
minority hold under a rule of this House, which
rule can be suspended like any other rule.
Mr. DAWES. Will this satisfy the gentle-
man : that I move to suspend the rules in
regard to all matters in this bill except that
for the abolition of the Bureaa of Education ?
Mr. COX. Are these provisions in the inter-
est of economy?
Mr. DAWES. I have already stated to the
House that every provision of this bill except
the one 1 have alluded to has the unanimous
approval of the Committee on Appropriations
and is in the interest of economy. And now,
to accommodate my friend from Tennessee,
[Mr. Arnell,] I will so modify my motion
that he may be permitted to raise bis point of
order,'if he desires to do so, upon that provis-
ion of the bill which proposes to repeal the
law establishing the Bureau of Education ; but
as to the other provisions I desire to have the
rules suspended.
Mr. ARNELL. Then I withdraw my call
for the reading of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I move to amend
the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] so as to cover the whole
bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can make
his motion after the other has been disposed
of; it is not in order to move to amend it.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Dawes ; and (two thirds voting in the
affirmative) the rules were suspended, and it
was ordered accordingly.
Mr. RANDALL. Now I move to suspend
the rules in relation to the provision concern-
ing the Department of Education. I want to
have the entire bill discussed.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Randall; and upon a division there
were—ayes 55, noes 70.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
speaker's tabli3.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. For the purpose of
reaching Senate amendments to the bill of the
House for the admission of Virginia, I move
that the House proceed to the consideration
of business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. In the disposition of busi-
ness on the Speaker's table executive com-
munications must first be disposed of. Is there
any objection to laying these aside informally?
Several members objected.
contested election -virginia.
The SPEAKER laid before the House evi-
dence in the contested-election case of McKen-
zie vs. Whittlesey, from the seventh congres-
sional district of Virginia; which was referred
to the Committee of Elections, and ordered
to be printed.
currency.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury,in answer to a resolution of the House
of December 21, 1869, transmitting a report
from the Comptroller of the Currency; which
was referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency, and ordered to be printed.
heirs of pedro armendaris.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in reply to House resolution dated
January 17, 1870, directing him to inform the
House by what authority the heirs of Pedro
Armendaris claim to recover from the Gov-
ernment of the United States compensation for
the use and occupancy of Fort Craig military
reservation, in the Territory of New Mexico ;
also whether any payment has been made or
claimed under any lease or pretended lease of
said military reservation to the United States
by said heirs.
The communication was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
steamboats taken by government.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in relation to steamboats and other
vessels owned in the loyal States taken by the
Government without the consent of the own-
ers during the war; which, on motion of Mr.
Poland, was referred to the Committee on
Revision of the Laws of the' United States,
and ordered to be printed.
indemnity e110m japan.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the "Secretary of State,
in reply to a resolution of the House dated
January 18,1870-, requesting him to inform the
House " whether the sum of $600,000 in gold,
paid the United States as indemnity for ag-
gressions upon our commerce, pursuant to the
stipulations of the treaty with Japan of the 22d
of October, 1864, has been covered into the
Treasury, and if not, to report what disposition
has been made of the same, in charge of what
Department it remains, or if invested in Gov-
ernment securities, to what use or purpose the
interest thereon has been applied."
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that this commu-
nication be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed. The reso-
lution to which it is a reply was offered for the
purpose of eliciting information to guide the
action of that committee upon some bills now
pending before it.
Mr. BANKS. This general subject is already
before the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
it seems to me this communication should bo
referred to that committee.
The motion of Mr. Scofield was agreed to.
claim op s. fernandez.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
in answer to the request of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, in relation to the claim of S.
Fernandez, a Spanish subject, for the rents of
store No. 2, New Levee street, New Orleans,
Louisiana; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
james belger.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting to the House a copy of the opinion
of the Attorney General of the United States
upon the case of James Belger, formerly col-
onel and quartermaster of the United States
Army; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
united states coast survey.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting the annual statement of
the Superintendent of the United States Coast
Survey, as required by the act of March 3,1853 ;
