714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
lawless, and one which, I trust, General Terry
will soon disapprove of and condemn.
General Grant has promised us that he will
enforce the laws of the United States. He has
committed himself to that time and again. He
has also promised ns that we shall have peace.
On this subject I have no complaint to make
of him. The authority given him in many
matters is boundless, and he should exert that
power with modesty and prudence. The as-
sumptions of power by this Congress have been
sufficient for the gratification of the most law-
less ambition, and no power should be exercised
Dot given. Whoever goes beyond that law of
Congress not only oversteps the Constitution,
but renders himself liable to impeachment by
this House for violation of that law.
I trust, therefore, I am not mistaken when
I am informed that both General Grant and
General Sherman are about to send a special
messenger to General Terry to stop these law-
less proceedings. I trust this will be done by
the President of the United States and by the
General of the Army of the United States.
No peace is ever to be established by this vio-
lation of law. No confidence is ever to be won
by thrusting into the legislative .body persons
who have no right to seats there; no affections
of the people are ever thus to be gained ; no
obedience to authority can be enforced by the
imposing of military rule in the organization
of the Legislature; and, though power for the
time being may be able to exercise lawless
authority, it has no moral, no abiding hold
upon the people; for what has been done is a
misrepresentation of our whole system of repre-
sentation and legislative organization.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] desires
to say a few words on this question, and I yield
the floor to him.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, as the waves
of the ocean rush after each other when the
elements are at war so one act of usurpation
has followed another, until by their successive
force our institutions are being battered down.
It is not, sir, remarkable that the General-in-
Chief of the Army, with his brow crowned with
the laurels and his sword dripping with the
blood of a hundred victories, should follow the
example set to him by the Congress of the
United States in usurping powers not granted
to him by law or warranted by the Constitution
of our country.
Sir, the President of the United States in
his first inaugural announced to the Senate
and House of Representatives his purpose to
ignore the Constitution. He told the Federal
Legislature and the American people that he
should be governed by what he regarded as the
wish of the people as expressed by Congress,
without setting up upon his part any opposing
policy, thereby declaring that he was prepared
to see stricken down the Constitution which he
was sworn to support, without exercising the
veto power vested in him as the defender of
the Constitution.
The gentleman from New York [Mr.Brooks]
has just said, and well said, that there is nothing
in the acts of Congress to provide for the recon-
struction of Georgia which justified the Gen-
eral-in-Chief in instructing the officer in com-
mand in that State to exercise his discretion as
to the organization of its Legislature; and I
join my protest to his against these accumu-
lated acts of usurpation, not only upon the
part of the commander of our Army, but upon
the part of Congress itself and of the Execu-
tive of the United States.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I have done
what I desired to do—called the attention of
the House to this subject; and now, in order
to enable the House to proceed to the Virginia
discussion, I move to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I suppose that mo-
tion is not debatable. I desire, at the very first
opportunity, to move to suspend all prior orders
for the purpose of taking up the Virginia bill
for consideration at the present time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
time to reply for a moment to the attack made
upon General Terry and the Administration on
the other side of the House, and I hope the
motion to lay upon the table will be voted
down, so as to give me an opportunity to reply.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. All I desire
is that during or after the hour to which I am
entitled an opportunity shall be given for taking
up the Virginia bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
longer any right to an hour. He has moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table. -
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Brooks, of New York, and the House refused
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The question recurred on the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire,
Mr. Speaker, that this attack upon General
Terry and upon General Grant and the Ad-
ministration made by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] shall not go the country
without a statement of facts.
When the Georgia bill was passed through it
was supposed that no man in Georgia would
come up to the Legislature and take a false
oath ; but it was found that men who had been
elected to the Legislature of Georgia and who
were disqualified would come and do so, and
they forced themselves, by perjury, into seats
to which they had no title. General Terry,
who, allow me to say here, was a good lawyer
before he was a good general, looking to the
reconstruction acts aud looking to his duty,
saw that by the reconstruction acts heretofore
passed the United States military power had
authority in Georgia to see to it that only eligi-
ble members of the Legislature took their seats.
He did exactly what General Meade did in the
first organization of the Legislature of Georgia.
He claimed the power to determine for him-
self, in his own way, when there was a question,
who were the true members of the house.
Mr. MORGAN. Allow me a question ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 cannot
yield now. General Meade submitted the ques-
tion of fact to the Legislature itself; he left
them to report to him who, in their judgment,
were eligible, and he sanctioned their action.
General Terry, finding that it was not safe to
trust to the committee of an organized Legisla-
ture the question of fact, asked a board of his
officers to say who were eligible in fact and who
were not. And when he called the men before
him one of the senators came up and asked to
withdraw his oath, saying that he had sworn
to a falsehood under party pressure and desired
to withdraw that false oath. And if there was
no other evidence of the propriety of General
Terry's action that one letter would bo suf-
ficient.
I am now told that this course of General
Terry is a new one. If it stood upon the last
act which we passed only, I agree there would
be no authority for it, and the gentleman from
New York would be right. But it stands upon
all the reconstruction acts, upon the authority
which we gave to General Grant when he was
the General of the Army. But now allow me
to say that under our laws President Grant, as
President, has no power 
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will the
gentleman allow me ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For what
purpose?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish the
gentleman, who is a good lawyer, to stio w me
any such power under any reconstruction act
of Congress?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will do
so, for I am like the carpenter who was called
on the witness stand. He was asked how far
he was standing from two persons who were
fighting? He answered, "Just four feet five
and a half inches." " How do you know the
distance so accurately?" He answered, "I
thought some fool would ask me the question,
and I measured it." [Great laughter.] -
And I am ready to give all the acts and the
orders for this authority. The act under which
General Terry has jurisdiction of the subject,
are, first, theact of July 19,1867, section eleven,
to be found in MePherson's Handbook of Pol-
itics, 1868, page 314; General Grant's reports
on civil powers of district commanders, in
same book, page 311; General Grant to Gen-
eral Pope, No. 18; General Grant to General
Ord, No. 19; General Grant'to General Pope,
No. 20. All those give the exact power Gen-
eral Terry is exercising.
Now, there came up a report through the
Associated Press South, which never reports
in favor of loyalty, but always in favor of rebel-
lion and copperheadism ; you never can get
anything correctly by telegraph from the South
through that Associated Press, which I hope
to see struck down.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman quote
from the laws to whidh he refers the authority
under which General Terry has acted or the
General-in-Chief has given his directions to
General Terry ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will come
to all that all in good time. As I was saying,
there came up a report from Georgia, through
the Associated Press South, that General Terry
had organized a- military commission to try
members of the Legislature for perjury. Now,
that was not true by any means; he had merely
called a board of his staff officers to find out
who were and who were not eligible as mem-
bers of the Legislature.
Now, I am not misinformed, I speak whereof
I know, when I state that General Terry re-
ported his action by one of his staff officers
to the Department at Washington which had
this matter in charge, and every act of General
Terry has been and will be sustained, and
Georgia will be reconstructed in the interests
of loyalty. Now, is the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Morgan] answe'red?
But I go further; not only will that be done,
but measures will be taken to punish ihese
men who in violation of their consciences, of
their duty to God and to man, have undertaken
to once more seize upon the power which they
disgraced when they last had it m the Legisla-
ture. And I want the loyal people to under-
stand—and I am a little indifferent whether
other people understand it or not—that upon
this question every branch of the Government
is a unit. Why 1 say so is because President
Grant and the Secretary of War have no power
as such on this question. When we had An-
drew Johnson for President we passed a law
putting all this matter of reconstruction into
the hands of the General of the Army, and the
power exists there still, for we have not repealed
that law.
But the General of the Army has sent only
such orders as will sustain General Terry.
Therefore let no man in this House be alarmed
upon this matter. I want the country to un-
derstand that the time has come when effect
is to be given to the declaration of General
Grant, "Let us have peace"—peace which
we have conquered and which we will pre-
serve.
Mr. MORGAN. The honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts has not read, as I requested,
the provision of any law giving authority by
which the Commander-in-Chief of the Ameri-
can armies has directed General Terry to send
officers into the legislative halls of Georgia to
determine who are or who are not eligible as
members of that Legislature. I challenge the
honorable gentleman to do so.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I shall
not accept that challenge. [Laughter on the
Democratic side.]
Mr. ELDRIDGB. You said you would.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Softly,
gentlemen! I shall not accept the challenge
for this reason: that General Terry never has
claimed the power, never has exercised it,
and nobody desires that he should exercise it,
of sending military officers into the legislative
