1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
US
halls to determine who are eligible. The dis-
tinction here is a very wide one.
There are no " legislative halls " of Georgia
until the house is organized or the senate is
organized. Therefore, General Terry cannot
send anybody into the " legislative halls " of
Georgia.
Mr: VAN TRUMP. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot,
yield at this moment. The question is, who
shall make the legislative halls of Georgia into
which anybody shall enter? That is the ques-
tion which General Terry is to determine.
Who shall compose the body? He has not
attempted to take any one out of an existing
body, but he has endeavored to prevent any
one who does not belong there from taking a
seat there. What, then, shall be done?
Mr. MORGAN. I would like to ask the
gentleman one more question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield at this moment.
The question is, what shall be done? Sup-
pose that men should by violence or fraud
force themselves into our seats in this House ;
are we to hear it said that the Constitution
will not allow anybody to come in here and
take out the men who have no right here ?
That is the only question.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to allow me another question? By
what authority of law did General Terry make
a detail of officers to go into the legislative
halls of Georgia to organize the Legislature of
that State?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I can tell
the gentleman where he can find the authority.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman be
kind enough to read the law to which he
refers ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg
pardon. I do not keep school. [Laughter.]
This is the point: we have by law put the
whole power in reference to that unorganized
State into the hands of the military.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman says "we
have by law" conferred such power. I ask
him by what law ?
Mr.BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Under the
acts of March 17 and July 19, 1867—under
both acts.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the honorable gentle-
man be kind enough to send the law to the
Clerk's desk and have it read?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have it
not on my desk. I will state the substance of
the provisions if the gentleman will have a little
patience. Under the reconstruction acts of
March 17 and July 19,1867, we put the whole
power in that unreconstructed State into the
hands of the military. We ordered the military
authorities to call together the Legislature, to
superintend the making of the registration and
the holding of the election, to do everything
necessary for the organization of that govern-
ment. Under the acts which I have cited,
which were construed by the several orders I
have read, General Meade organized the first
Legislature, assuming the power to declare
who should and who should not hold scats
in it.
Now, by the act of the 22d of December last
we gave to the district commander the power
to call together as a Legislature the men who
were eligible under the law as we framed it.
He summoned those men; but certain other
pjen—unauthorized, fraudulent, perjured, in-
terloping men—got into seats ; and the district
commander, under the authority given lo him
by the reconstruction acts, said they must come
out of those seats. Has anybody any objection
to that. ?
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman read
that extract from the reconstruction laws
which authorizes General Terry so to do? I
challenge him to read the act. Let him give
us the law upon which he bases his claim.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Having
alreadv said that I have not the act upon my
desk, it is easy to challenge me to do. that
which it is physically impossible for me to do
standing here; but I have given, and it is all
that is required in any discussion, the date of
the passage of the act and the page of the
book where the gentleman can find it. Now,
why does he not send for it and see what it
says ?
Mr. MORGAN. I am not on the stand. I
did not understand the latter remark which the
gentleman said, and I should like to have him
repeat it.
Mr. VOORHEES. He said that he did not
have the book, and that you could send for it
and see what the law was.
Mr. MORGAN. I have the book here and
am happy to send it to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, and I ask him to read the ex-
tract to which he refers.
Mr. VOORHEES. I understand that the
gentleman from Massachusetts has yielded to
me for the purpose of correcting a misstate-
ment in regard to what General Meade actually
did under the reconstruction laws. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has stated that
General Meade determined who should be the
members of the Georgia Legislature and who
should not. General Meade did nothing of
the kind. He simply suggested to the Legis-
lature when it convened that they should raise
a committee in each office to inquire into the
qualifications of their members, ajid to report.
That was done. The senate raised a commit-
tee and the house raised a committee. These
committees made reports as to the eligibility
of their members. There were two reported
against in the senate and nine reported against
in the house—but eleven whose eligibility was
questioned—and it was all done in a proper
way by committees raised in each house ; and
neither General Meadenor any other military
officer exercised a particle of control over the
question of eligibility of the members of the
Georgia Legislature at the very time to which
the gentleman from Massachusetts alludes.
The record will be found to sustain my state-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now there
will be no difficulty between the gentleman's
statement and my own. The difference be-
tween us is exactly this; I will state it to him
and he will see it in a moment: General Meade
allowed the committees of each House to ascer-
tain who were eligible and to report, and they
reported under his sanction.
Mr. VOORHEES. Allow me for one mo-
ment. General Meade in communicating what
he had done to General Grant, then General
of the armies, stated expressly that he had no
power over this question ; that the laws con-
ferred no such power upon him as the com-
mander of the department; that under his view
of the reconstruction laws the power was with
each house of the Georgia Legislature. _ Gen-
eral Grant telegraphed from Denver, in the
Territory of Colorado, that he concurred in
the views set forth by General Meade. This
is all a matter of history,and in the flood-tide
of debate which we sometimes engage in it is
as well to keep the facts apparent to the public
gaze. The gentleman from Massachusetts, with
all his distinguished ability and ingenuity, can-
not get away from the fact that General Meade
said~that his construction of the reconstruction
Jaws did not allow him to do the thing that
General Terry is now doing, and that General
Grant, then General of the armies, now Pres-
ident of the United States, stated that he con-
curred in General Meade's position when it
was communicated to him.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There I
am at variance with my friend. While I admit
that General Meade did not find himself called
upon to exercise any authority to regulate the
report of the committee, yet he himself organ-
ized the Legislature. You will find—and I am
familiar with this thing—in the bill reported at
the last session of Congress it is provided that
tin1 tnou found eligible by General Meade shall
be by proclamation of the Governor called
together.
I do not wish further to detain the House on
this discussion. I only want to call the atten-
tion of the House and tho country—and they
will find whether I am-right after examination-—
to the faci; that no other and greater powers
have been exercised , by General Terry than
were exercised, though in a different manner,
by Pope and Meade, and sanctioned l>y Gen-
eral Grant in the report to which I have called
attention; and that the only difference is that
General Terry will not take the report of the
committee of an unauthorized Legislature, but
chooses to take the report of his own officers
as to who are eligible. And I want to say
again, so that there may be no mistake—because
there have been telegrams sent down from
Washington to put spirit into those who will
not yield to have peace established—I want it
to be understood that General Terry so far. has
been, and so long as he continues his present
line of action will be sustained by the Depart-
ment here and by the Congress of. the United
States and by all the true and-loyal hearts,of
the country.
I now move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OP VIRGINIA.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now move to sus-
pend all rules for the purpose of considering
the bill (H. R. No. 783) to admit the State of
Virginia to representation in the Congress of
the United States with the amendments made
by the Senate to the said bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnswoiith]
what he proposes to do if the rules are sus-
pended; if he proposes to ,put the bill on its
passage without debate, or .whether he pro-
poses to allow a reasonable time, for debating
the new propositions embodied in the amend-
ments made by the Senate to the House bill.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. The motion I sub-
mitted to suspend the rules is, I believe, uot
debatable.
The question was put on the motion to
suspend the rules, and there were—ayes 110,
noes 28.
Before the result was announced,
Mr., ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken; and there were
twenty-six in the affirmative, .not one fifth of
the last vote.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. EldRidge
and Mr. Farnsworth were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes forty-five, noes
not counted.
So the affirmative being more than one fifth
of the last vote, the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The question was taken; and was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 136, nays 47, not voting
27; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnoll, Asper, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Ben-
iamin, Bennett. Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles,
Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck, Bucklc.v,
Buffinton, Burcliard, Burdett, Roderick 11. Butler,
Cake, Cessna, Clarke, Ainasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Culloni, Davis,
Dawes, Dewcese, Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Duval,
Dyer, Ela, i'arnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,Finkclnlrarg,
Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Gillillan, Goliaday,
Hamilton, Hawkins, Hay, Heaton, Heflin, llill,
Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Jenckes, Jud'i, Julian, Kel-
logg, Kolsey, Keteham, Knapp, I;afl>n. Lash, Law-
rencc, Logan, Loughridge, Lynoh, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McCormick, MeCrary, MeGrew, Jessei 11.
Moore, William Moore, DarnelJ..Morre11. Samuel
P Morrill Mvers Negley, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Pkine, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosscr,
ftnnfc Sanford. Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck,
Sooffcfd Shanks Lionel A. SHeldon, Porter Sheldon,
"iohri a'Smith 'Williaift J. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevexib,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, biron-;,
