1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71?
of five years to the age of twenty-oae years, and
that none of those children shall be excluded
from the benefit of the public schools. Even
poverty shall not bar the gates of knowledge
to the children of the poor. By the terms of
the constitution of Virginia it is expressly pro-
vided that when the parents or the guardian
of the child by reason of poverty is not able
to provide text-books they shall be provided
out of the common treasury of the people for
such children of the poor, and provided in
equal measure as may be provided for the
children of the rich. Such is equality before
the law in its noblest and highest sense.
In passing this constitution Virginia has
added a now luster to her name, and, as I said
before, has given to the people of the United
States an example worthy to be followed.
Viewing the matter in this light, the question
simply arises whether Virginia having adopted
such a constitution by a majority of over two
hundred thousand votes, only nine thousand
votes having been cast against the constitution,
and the entire registered vote having been cast at
that election save about twenty-five thousand—
the question arises whether we will stand here
and say to Virginia, because of these unim-
portant conditions annexed to this bill by the
Senate, she shall remain where she is and shall
not be permitted to exercise her privileges as
an equal State of the Union.
If I thought thit Virginia, being admitted
under this bill, would be subjected by reason
of any condition therein contained to any re-
striction whatever that might not in like man-
ner be imposed upon Ohio, New York, and
Pennsylvania, I would never vote for the bill.
But I do not believe any such thing, for the
simple reason- 
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman 
Mr. BINGHAM. What is it?
Mr. COX. Now, that the gentleman has
deserted us, I want to say a word. The gen-
tleman has spoken of the large majority which
was given for this hill by the House. Sir, that
was the gentleman's own bill, not this one with
all these conditions.
Mr. BINGHAM. I spoke of that myself;
but, sir, the bill in its present form is not so
objectionable as was the bill originally re-
ported to this House by the Committee on
Reconstruction,
Mr. COX. I would like the gentleman to
show us wherein it is less obnoxious.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will doso. This bill
contains no provisions to provide officials for
Virginia by act of Congress after she shall have
been admitted to representation in Congress.
This bill contains no provisions retroactive upon
officers of Virginia chosen and elected by her
people. This bill contains no provision declar-
ing that the election of United States Senators
by Virginia was without authority of law. All
this was in the bill which the House rejected.
But, sir, I made the remark before, and I
reiterate it now—for I viewed the matter then
as I view it now, and I stated it then, as I state
it now—there can be neither vassal States nor
' vassal citizens in this Union. Whatever your
conditions may be, Virginia when admitted
will under the Constitution be the equal of
any other State of this Union. Not admitted
she cannot assert her rights or power as a State
at all. For these reasons I declared when the
bill was first before the House I would vote for
the admission of the State even if the House
refused to reject the conditions which I deemed
so unnecessary or unjust. I favor her admis-
sion, and I hope the House will concur with
•me and end this dispute. When the State
shall have been admitted to representation in
Congress let us see after this work is done
whether Virginia will be any more restrained
than Massachusetts, or Ohio, or NewTork, or
Pennsylvania under the shelter and protection
of the common Constitution of a common
country. My chief purpose is to satisfy gentle-
men of my own side of the House that Vir-
ginia has done all that the reconstruction acts
required.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Which
side is the gentleman's side? [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is very
wise—wise beyond his years; but I will inform
him that he cannot read me out of the party
with which I am associated, nor can he blot
out my record. Vulgarity is not wit; assump-
tion is not power. There was no occasion for
the gentleman's inquiry—
"A wit's a feather and a chiefs a rod;
An honest man's the noblest work of God."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I trust the
gentleman [Mr. Farnsworth] who is the acting
chairman of the Committee on Reconstruction
will yield me a portion of his time.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I yield twenty min-
utes to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I want to begin precisely where the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bihoham] left off;
not with a misquotation, however, but simply
by saying that I have never by any means
threatened to read him out of the Republican
party. Nobodycan everdothatbuthimself; and
whether he has done that in passing a bill
through this House by a snap-judgment, and in
conjunction with his Democratic allies in larger
majority than his political colleagues, the coun-
try will judge. He with others is to have an
ovation in Virginia when he goes there, as I
see by the newspapers he may do, for his course
on the admission of Virginia. I should like to
be present in spirit simply, not in body, that
I might look on and see the Virginians feast-
ing the man whom their journals not long since
denounced as '' the murderer of Mrs. Surratt.''
[Laughter.] It would be a novel sight: the
lion and—not the lamb, but another animal,
lying down together.
Mr. Speaker, no party ever did succeed in
this country, no party over will succeed in
this country, no party ever ought to succeed in
this country, if it allows the chairman of one of
its principal committees on a Monday morning
when the House is thin, members just return-
ing after a recess, to collude_ and colleague
with the members of the opposite party upon a
great subject which is part of the political plat-
form of the party—a subject in which the whole
party is interested—and get in such a House
by an accidental majority a snap-judgment on
his party associates. No party ever did pros-
per in this country and none ever will prosper
if it agrees to restore to leadership him who
deserts it in the hour of its trial and gives tri-
umphs to its enemies.
I call attention to another point. We have
been told here that on reconstruction measures
we have not allowed sufficient time for the
minority to debate them, and they have ap-
pealed to our magnanimity, they have appealed
to your courtesy, Mr. Speaker, to allow them
time for debate; and I cannot help but remem-
ber that when I was absent by accident from
this House as chairman of the Reconstruction
Committee—when many men had not returned
after the holiday recess, not expecting any im-
portant votes would be taken—that during our
absence and from the defection of those from
whose record we expected better the Oppo-
sition got an accidental majority. I cannot
help remembering that they attempted to bring
a sovereign State into the Union, without a word
of debate, under the pressure of the previous
question. They show you, my fellow-Repub-
licans, what they will do when they get the
power; and I only ask you now to show them
that you will do right when you have the power
but not be deluded by appeals to magnanimity.
Mr. Speaker, I have listened to the speech
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
in praise of this constitution. I agree to every
word that he said; that it is the best constitu-
tion to-day on the American continent, the very
best; but who made it ? The old statesmen
of Virginia, who were so belauded by the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] on that
black Monday? No; the carpet-baggers, the
scalawags, the negroes from the field, who* had
the majority in that constitutional convention.
They were the men who made that constitution
which is so glorious as to compel the eulogies
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
I agree that they showed they were what the
old statesmen of Virginia were not—fit to gov-
ern the State of Virginia; and all the Repub-
lican party now asks is that we shall keep the
government in the hands which we all agree
are so able to wield it instead of taking it from
the hands in which it now is "and putting the
government of Virginia back into the hands
of the old slave-masters, who made old Vir-
ginia what it was—a State of deserted tobacco
fields, and into the hands of men who got their
subsistence by selling the products of their loins
and not the products of tneir fields.
Mr. Speaker, I want to say one word further.
I was instructed this morning at a regulaf meet-
ing of the Committee on Reconstruction—but
this bill was informally considered, as it was not
yet laid before the House—as I have said I was
instructed this morning by the Committee on Re-
construction to move that this House concur in
the amendments of the Senate, but not upon
the ground which the gentleman from Ohio
undertook to show, because they are void ; but
because they were amendments which with the
preamble served a notice on the State and on
the world that if Virginia does not maintain in
spirit and in truth those reconstruction acts
and that constitution which has been so much
belauded, after her admission asa State, we hold
and claim, and with the help <jf God and the
loyal people of this country will exercise, the
power to bring her back as we have done in
the ease of the State of Georgia; that if she
lays unhallowed hands on a single provision
of the constitution to deprive a single man of
his rights it shall vest the power immediately
in the Congress of the United States to put
Virginia back in the place from which we took
her. Mr. Speaker, these amendments of the
Senate contain the substance of our reconstruc-
tion acts. They contain the substance of the
thirteenth and fourteenth amendments to the
Constitution of the United States.
The amendments were framed in accordance
with the Constitution of the United States.
These amendments in the Senate are the only
legislation in furtherance of those amendments
to the Constitution. These amendments of the
Senate are, in my judgment, constitutional and
right, and will be enforced because in accord-
ance with the Constitution. I believe that the
power in the Congress of the United States to
reconstruct a State in the interest of loyalty
presupposes and carries with it the power to
preserve that reconstruction; to reconstruct
that State again, and again, so as to keep that
reconstruction still in the interest of loyalty.
Sir, I would have been glad in earlier times
that there should have been still more restric-
tions imposed upon this rebellious State. That
was my personal opinion; but I found that a
majority of my party desired that Virginia
should come in without further restriction. I
found that the Administration was willing that
she should come in without furtherrestrictior.s,
and I bowed to that party and administrative
policy.
Besides, I believed it was sufficient that notice
should be given to Virginia that we still held
j urisdiction over her to keep her to her pledges,
and giving that notice, I was willing to admit
her without those conditions. And if every-
body in this House had minded his own busi-
ness Virginia would have come in some time
ago under much more favorable conditions
than she has by this hour. The peculiarfrieiids
of Virginia, so called, have been the cause, 111
my judgment, of forcing conditions upon her,
for which, if she does not like them, she must
thank those -who have so warmly protessed
themselves her friends.
