•1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendments of the Sen-
ate were concurred in; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOLES asked and obtained leave to
have printed in the Globe some remarks on
the Virginia bill. [See Appendix.]
QUARANTINE LAWS OF NEW YORK.
Mr. McCARTHY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following preamble and
resolution for consideration at this time:
Whereas it is alleged that unnecessary burdens
and restrictions are imposed upon commerce by the
sanitary laws of the State of New York in the dis-
charge of cargoes and the care of tho sick under
quarantine in the port of Mew York; and whereas
it is also alleged that under the authority of said
laws seamen arriving in said port sick with conta-
gious or infectiousdiseases are rerj uired to be provided
for at the expense of the vessel in which they arrive
during their period of quarantine, although "hos-
pital moneys " are collected and received from such
seamen, both under the laws of Congress and of said
State, for the declared purpose of providing for their
care and support while they are sick, thereby prac-
tically imposing a double tax upon commerce for
the same purpose: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be,
and they are hereby, directed to inquire and report
what legislation, if any, is necessary on the part of
Congress in reference to the subjects referred to in
the foregoing preamble, and that if in their judgment
.the interests of commerce require it they prepare
and report a, bill placing the administration of quar-
antine in the port of New York under the control of
officers appointed by authority of Congress, and
making more suitable provision for the care of sea-
men arriving in said port sick with contagious or
infectious diseases.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. McCARTHY. I move that the rales be
suspended and the preamble and resolution
adopted.
The question was taken ; and two thirds not
voting in the affirmative, the rules were not sus-
pended.
M'GARRAIIAN CLAIM.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at this time:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary,
to whom was referred the memorial of William
MeGarrahan relative to his claim to the tract of
land in California known as the " Bancho Panoche
Grande," be authorized to take testimony, to send for
persons and papers, to employ a stenographer, aud
also to have power to appoint a sub-committee, with
authority to administer the necessary oaths, and to
sit during the sessions of the House if deemedncces-
sary.
This resolution is'necessary in-order to ena-
ble the committee to continue its investigation.
It is agreed to by both contending parties, and
I think there can be no objection to it.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 object to the resolu-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I move that the rules
bo suspended for the purpose of adopting the
resolution.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 58, noes 52.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
REPUDIATION.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I move that the
House now adjourn.
Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman with-
draw that motion to enable me to make a par-
liamentary inquiry of the Chair?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Certainly.
Mr. MUNGEN. I would inquire of the Chair
if it would be in order for me to move a sus-
pension of the rules so as to enable me to pre-
sent in the open House a petition very numer-
ously signed by responsible Republicans of the
city of Worcester, in the State of Massachu-
setts, asking for the repudiation of the national
war debt ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be
in order.
Mr. MUNGEN. Then I submit that mo-
tion.
The question was taken ; and( two thirds not
voting in the affirmative) the rules were not
suspended.
41sx Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 46,
L. AND II, C. THOMAS.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, asked and ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the memorial and papers of Lorenzo
Thomas, jr., and Henry C. Thomas, asking
compensation for property used bjr the military
authorities of the United States in the years
1862 and 1863.
HALLS OP SENATE AND HOUSE.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Jknckes, Mr. Sanford, and Mr. Swam
as the members on the part of House of the
joint special Committee upon the Heating,
Lighting, and Ventilation of the Senate Cham-
ber and House of Representatives.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I move that the
House now take a recess till half past seven
o'clock, and that the session of to-night be for
debate only as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. AMBLER. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion of Mr. Ambler was agreed to;
there being—ayes 56, noes 40.
So the House (at four o'clock and fifty min-
utes p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS : A petition of sundry citi-
zens of Laurel county, Kentucky, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of John
E. Wilson, asking for pension.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of James S.
Brasfield and 38 others, citizens of Pleasant
Home aud vicinity, Putnam county, Missouri,
asking the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of O. G. McDonald and
41 others, citizens of Stewartsville, DeKalb
county, Missouri, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Daniel C. Bruce and 42
others, citizens of Lindley and vicinity, Grundy
county, Missouri, for the same purpose.
By Mr. BECK: A petition of a number of
citizens of Shelby City, Boyle county, Ken-
tucky, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petilion of a number of citizens of
Lincoln county, Kentucky, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also_, the petition of Elliott M. Braxton, of
Fredericksburg, Virginia, praying for relief
from political disabilities.
Also, a petition and accompanying exhibits
of the Kentucky Agricultural and Mechanical
Association at Lexington, Kentucky, for pay-
ment for use and occupation of their fair
grounds by the United States as a military
encampment from September 15, 1801, till
January 1, 1800.
By Mr. BENNETT: Petitions from several
towns in Erie county, New York, to abolish
the franking privilege.
Also, a remonstrance of George W. Lent,
Sons & Co., against the granting of the petition
of George II. Corliss for the extension of his
letters-patent of March 10, 1849, for improve-
ments in the steam-engine.
By Mr. BIRD : A petition from the citizens
of Plemington, New Jersey, for the abolition
of the franking privilege. _ _
Also, a petition from the citizens of Stew-
artsville, New Jersey, for the abolition of the
franking privilege. _ .
Also, a petition from the citizens of lowns-
bnrg, New Jersey,forthe abolition of the frank-
ing privilege. .
By Mr. BLAIR: The petition of Thomas J.
Simpson, postmaster at Parma, Michigan, and
other citizens, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, of Edward R. Smith, of Homer, Michi-
gan, and 199 others, for the same purpose.
By Mr. BOYD: A petition of citizens of Lit-
tle York, Green county, Missouri, petitioning
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Sand Springs,
Webster county, Missouri, prayingfor the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
George N. Peakes and 40 othersj citizens of
Holmes's Hole, Massachusetts, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of Lothrop Howes and
19 others, citizens of East Dennis, Massachu-
setts, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the memorial of Samuel L. Linnell and
41 others, citizens of East Orleans, Massachu-
setts, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege. :
Also, the memorial of B. H. A. Collins and
J8 others, citizens of North Eastham, Massa-
chusetts, praying for the abolition pf the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the memorial of Samuel Paine and 34
others, citizens of North Truro, Massachusetts,
praying for the abolition of the franking .privi-
lege.
Also, the memorial of Richard G. Davis and
44 others, citizens of Long_ Plain, Massachu-
setts, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the memorial of F. G. Nye and 31
others, citizens of North Falmouth, Massa-
chusetts^ praying for the repeal of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the memorial of George F, Baxter and
41 others, citizens of North Truro, Massachu-
setts, praying for the repeal of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. BURCHARD: A petition of the
citizens of Davis, Illinois, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition from citizens of Galena, Illi-
nois, for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Polo, Illinois,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Shannon, Illi-
nois, for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BURDETT: A petition pf citizens
of Iona City, Missouri, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Germantown,
Henry county, Missouri, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bates county,
Missouri, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, apetition of citizens of Ramsey, John-
son county, Missouri, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Cornelia, Mis-
souri, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pleasant Gap,
Missouri, tor the-abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of citizens of West Amesbury, Mas-
sachusetts, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Peggy F. Gibbs, wklow
of the late Brevet Major General Alfred Gibbs,
for an increase of pension.
By Mr. CAKE: A petition of citizens of
Carbon county, Pennsylvania, numerously
signed, against the redaction of the duty on
pig and scrap iron, wherein it is set forth that
the decline in the price of gold has operated
sufficiently against the ability of the American
furnaces to maintain the present fair rate of
wages without adding further difficulties by
reducing the duty; that to reduce the duty a
single dollar would let a flood of pig and scrap
iron into the country that would tend to close
the American furnaces and cut off the means
of support of five hundred working men and
their families at Parry ville alone.
Also, a petition against the franking privi-
lege from citizens of Orwigsburg, Schuylkill
county, Pennsylvania. ... „
By Mr. CALKIN": A petition from 3,000
merchants, mechanics., and artisans of Kew
York city, against allowing foreign-built ships
