722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
American registers, and in favor of the reduc-
tion of taxes on ship-building and commerce.
Also, the petition of Mary Stafford, widow
of James Stafford, late private company C,
ninety-ninth New York volunteers, for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. CESSNA: A petition from citizens
of the sixteenth district of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. CLARKE: The petition of G. W.
Scott and others, of Gardner, Kansas, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of citizens of
Cayuga county, New York, to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Port Byron,
New York, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition ofcitizensof Wolworth, New
York, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition ofcitizensof Wayne county,
New York, for the improvement of Pultney-
ville harbor, New York.
Also, a petition of citizens of Auburn, New
York, for a pension for soldiers of the war of
1812.
. Also, a petition of citizens of ITnion Springs,
New York, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Arcadia, New
York, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of 247 citizens of Farmer
village, Seneca county, New York, for the same
purpose.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: The petition
of A. M. Slaughter & Co., Mitchell Station,
Culpeper 'county, Virginia, for supplies fur-
nished the Army.
Also, a petition of citizens of Wisconsin
against any reduction of the rate of duty on
imported lead.
Also, apetitionof citizens of British Hollow,
Grant county, Wisconsin, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. COX: The petition of George W.
Rose and 14 others, citizens of Massachusetts,
to remand that State to a provincial condi-
tion, &c.
By Mr. CREBS: The petition of J. L. Wy-
more and 23 others, citizens of Shimspent,
Illinois, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of Isaac
Bronson and several hundred others, citizens of
Penfield, New York, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Paul Knowles and 17
others, citizens of Riga, NewYork,for the same
purpose.
Also, a petition of 4G citizens of Erie, New
York, praying for the abolition of duties on
coal.
Also, the petition of A. G. Stevens and 470
others, citizens of Buffalo, New York, for the
same purpose.
By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of Mrs.
Lueretia Gregg, mother of Clark S. Gregg,
deceased, late a first lieutenant of company
G, sixty-fifth Ohio volunteers, for arrears of
pension.
By Mr. DONLEY : Apetitionof citizens of
Beaver county, Pennsylvania, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Frankfort
Springs, Beaver county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Georgetown,
Beaver county, Pennsylvania, for the same
purpose.
Also, the petition of D. Miller and others,
citizens of Pennsylvania and West Virginia, for
the same purpose.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: Sundry petitions
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Robert
Howlett, H. Griffin, C. L. Storrs, and TOothers,
citizens of Grand Haven, Michigan, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: Five petitions
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: A petition
of the citizens of Mantua, Portage county,
Ohio, to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of the citizens of Eagleville,
Ashtabula county, Ohio, to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of the citizens of'Poland,
Mahoning county, Ohio, to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of Harvey M. Reynolds,
of Ohio, for pay for stone furnished at pier at
Conneant, Ohio. "
By Mr. GETZ: Petition for the relief of
Hannah Osenwalt, widow of Benneville Osen-
walt, late a private of Battery II, second regi-
ment, Pennsylvania heavy artillery.
Also, a petition of 83 citizens of Womels-
dorf, Berks county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 75 citizens of Rehrers-
burg, Berks county, Pennsylvania, for the same
purpose.
Also, a petition of 21 citizens of Fleetwood,
Berks county, Pennsylvania, for the same pur-
pose.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: Apetitionof the citi-
zens of Cumberland county, Kentucky, pray-
ing the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. GRISWOLD: The petition of J
Mansfield, John A. Davis, and others, of New
Baltimore, Greene county, New York, to abol-
ish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Henry S. Miller and
others, of Medway, Greene county, Now York,
to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of G'eorge Halleck and
others, of Milton, Ulster county, NewYork,
to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Harry Bagley, Charles
N. Griffin, and others, of East Durham, Greene
county, New York, to abolish the franking
privilege.
By Mr. IIAMBLETON: The petition of
William A. Meredith, William E. Ledier, and
58 others, citizens of Caroline county, Mary-
land, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of William J. Webster,
John L. Thomas, and 42 others, citizens of
Deal's Island, Somerset county, Maryland,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of John Griffin,
of Milford, Massachusetts, for special relief.
Also, the petition of S. C. Paine and others,
of Oxford, Massachusetts, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William B. Fuller and
others, of Northbridge, Massachusetts, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HALE: A petition of merchants
and ship-owners of Belfast, Maine, against
allowing foreign-built ships American regis-
ters, and in favor of a reduction of taxation on
ship-building interests.
Also, the petition of Emily W. Ogden, for a
pension from the date of her husband's •decease.
By Mr. HAM1LL: The petition of Edmond
A. Gantel and GO others, citizens of Manches-
ter, Maryland, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Ephraim Cover and 35
others, citizens of Carroll county, Maryland,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
1 lege.
J Also, the petition of William A. McKillop
i and 130 others, citizens of Westminster, Mary-
' land, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petitions of B. F. Delano & Co. and others, and
of William Curtis and otliers, engaged in ship-
building, for reduction of taxes on ship-build-
ing materials.
Also, a petition of citizens of East Cam-
bridge, Massachusetts, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of R. B. Forbes and
others, citizens of Boston, against conferring
high rank on the staff officers of the Navy.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Utah: A petition of
\,2H€> citizens of Utah, praying for admission
into the Union as a State.
Also, eight petitions of citizens of Utah,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege. ' -
By Mr. JOHNSON: A petition of citizens
of Lake county, California, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: A .petition
of citizens of Campbell county, Kentucky, to
abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. JUDD: The petition of George
Voguill, asking relief.
Also, the petition of Messrs. Foster & Smith,
asking relief.
By Mr. J ULIAN: A petition of the heirs
of Henry H. Cuppy, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Francis T. Willis, relat-
ing to the Selma, Rome, and Dalton Railroad
Company.
Also, the petition of N. S. Williams and
43 others, citizens of Wayne county, Indiana,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of Lewis S. Ricketts and
45 others, citizens of Shelby county, Indiana,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of W. W. Thrasher and
47 others, citizens of Fayette county, Indiana,
praying Congress'to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of P. 0. Arnold and 43
others, citizens of Shelby county, Indiana, pray-
ing Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. KELLEY: A petition of 280 citizens
of Philadelphia, praying for a law placing on
the pension-roll veterans of the war of 1812.
By Mr. KELSEY: A petition of citizens
of Bristol, New York; Seneca, New York;
Naples, New York; Livonia Station, New
York, and Honeoye, New York, for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of J. W.
Haymaker, postmaster, C. C. Breeden, F. M.
Carr, and 30 others, citizens of Clark county,
Indiana, praying for the repeal of the franking
privilege.
Also, the memorial of John Sloan, William
H. Bright, Edmund W. Jack, and 85 others,
citizens of Washington county, Indiana, asking
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The memorial of Rev.
H. Bronson, of Rhinebeck, New York, a sol-
dier in the war of 1812, praying for a pension
for himself and comrades.
Also, three petitions from 88 citizens of South
Dover, 85 citizens of Rhinebeck, and 32 citi-
zens of Verbank, NewYork, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. KNAPP: A petition of citizens of
Barbourville, Delaware county, NewYork, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Rock Rift, Del-
aware county, New York, for the same.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of A. J.
Clark, paymaster United States Navy, for
relief.
By Mr. LOGAN: A petition for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of petit jurors in United
States circuit and district courts, for increase
of pay.
Also, the petition of J. W. Hays, for pension.
Also, the petition of Thomas P. Orurie, for
pension.
Also, the petition of Joseph Fielder, for
pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs. H. S. Meader, for
increase of pension.
. By Mr. LOUGHRIDGE: Apetitionof 1,000
citizens of Iowa, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of John _A.
Wheeler and others, citizens of Maine, asking
the abolition of the franking privilege. _
Also, the petition of Edwin B. Smith and
others, for the same purpose.
