1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
Also, the petition of Thomas Hancock and
others, for the same purpose.
By Mr. MAYHAM: The petition of J. W.
Chesebro and GO others, citizens of Albany,
New York, asking for the erection of a Gov-
ernment building in that city.
By Mr. McCRARY: A petition of numer-
ous citizens of Keokuk, Iowa, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Vernon, Iowa,
praying for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Washington.
Iowa, praying for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Montrose,
Iowa, praying for the same purpose.
By Mr. McG-REW: Pour several petitions
of citizens of West Virginia, for the abolition
of the franking privilge.
By Mr. McN EELY : The petitions of Fred-
erick H. Merrell and others, citizens of Fulton
county; and of S. E. McCoul and others, cit-
izens of Pike county; and of John Baglin and
others, citizens of McDonough county; and of
L. W. Colvin and others, citizens of Mason
county, Illinois, asking the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of C. G. Hnngate and
others, citizens of McDonough county, Illinois,
asking for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of C. WT. Conner and
others, citizens of Pike county, Illinois, asking
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Daniel M. White and
others, citizens of Brown county, Illinois, ask-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: The peti-
tion of G. D. Neal, of Pittsylvania county, Vir-
ginia, for the removal of disabilities.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The petition of
James A. Meek and 43 citizens of Meigs county,
Ohio, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. MOORE, of Illinois: A petition from
sundry citizens of Brushy Fork, Douglas county,
Illinois, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. MORGAN: A petition of numerous
citizens of Utica, Licking county, Ohio, asking
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Canterbury,
Knox county, Ohio, with the same prayer.
Also, a petition of citizens of West Carlisle,
Cass county, Ohio, with the same prayer.
Also, the petition of G. A. Wingefield, Bed-
ford county, Virginia, for removal of political
disabilities.
Also, the petition of R. R. Collier, of Peters-
burg, Virginia, for the removal of political
disabilities.
Also, of John A. Campbell, of Abingdon,
Virginia, for the removal of political disabili-
ties. .
Also, of Henry W. Thomas, of Fairfax, V ir-
ginia, for the removal of political disabilities.
Also, a bill to discontinue post routes Nos.
9120, 0121, and part of post route 0117, in
Ohio.
By Mr. MORRILL, of Maine : The petition
of William K. Kimball and others, of Paris,
Maine, for the repeal of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition ofW. H. Smith andothers,
of Richmond, Maine, for the repeal of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Elis Keene andothers,
of North Turner, Maine, for the repeal of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Charles Clapp, Jr., and
179 others, of Bath, Maine, for the repeal of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. D. Moore and others,
of Somerset Mills, Maine, for the repeal of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Charles E. Packard amd
Others, of Wilton, Maine, for the repeal of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Jason Woodman and
others, of North Leeds, Maine, for the repeal
of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of G. A. Wilson and others,
of South Paris, Maine, for the repeal of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of A. Boyden and others,
of West's Mills, Maine, for the repeal of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Charles W. Millet and
others, of West Minot, Maine, for the repeal
of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of R. M. Slayton and
others, of South Woodstock, Maine, for the
repeal of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. H. Decorter and
others, of Buckfield, Maine, for the repeal of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of George Moore and
others, of Mechanic's Falls, Maine, for the
repeal of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of James Murphy, of
Lewiston, for remuneration for services and
faN: imprisonment in the late war.
Also, the petitions of Charles W. Jordan,
David Woodsom, Sarah Edgcomb, Zebedee
Pratt, and others, for pensions for services in
the war of 1812.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, asking that soldiers and sail-
ors of the war of 1812 and their widows be put
upon the pension-roll.
Also, the petition of John Kelly, of Phila-
delphia, asking that new bonds may be issued
to him in place of those destroyed by lire.
Also, a petition of business men of Phila-
delphia, asking that proper rank be given to
" staff officers " of the Navy, so as to fill the
depleted corps.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Clarissa Huhn,
for a pension.
Also, a petition of glass manufacturers, of
the city of Philadelphia, asking that perfumery
may be relieved of tax in the way of stamps. ,
By Mr. ORTH : The memorial of General
A. P. Hovey.
Jiy Mr. PAINE : The remonstrance of N.
Engelman and 32 others, citizens of Milwau-
kee, Wisconsin, against free trade in vessels.
Also, the remonstrance of N. A. Nelson and
49 others, citizens of Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
against free trade in vessels.
Also, the remonstrance of C. W. Johnson
and 50 others, citizens of Milwaukee, Wiscon-
sin, against free trade in vessels.
Also, the remonstrance of II. Bosworth &
Sons and 48 others, citizens of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, against free trade in vessels.
By Mr. F OMEROY: The petition of O. IC.
Eastman and others, of Wright county, Iowa,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. B. Crippsand others,
of Albion, Marshall county, for the same pur-
pose.
Also, the petition of R. Jones and others,
of Ontario, Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of William Jackman and
others, of Palo Alto county, Iowa, for the same
purpose.
Ako, Jhe petition of Ilenry C. Stevens and
others, for the same purpose.
By Mr. PROSSER : The petition of Jona-
than Taylor, company B, fourth Tennessee
infantry volunters.
By Mr. RANDALL: A petition of sundry
citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, asking
that pensions be granted to the soldiers of the
war of 1812, or to their widows.
By Mr. REEVES: The petition of E. P.
Jarvis, M. D., John P. Terry, A. B. Raynor,
and 42 others, citizens of East Moriches, Suf-
folk county, New York, asking for theabolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William B. Foster, of
Sag Harbor, Suffolk county, New York, asking
for an invalid pension.
By Mr. ROOTS : A resolution of the city
council of Fort Smith, Arkansas, requesting
an equitable adjustment of the claims of per-
sons who may be found residing on a Govern-
ment reservation through misapprehension of
the exact location of lines bounding the same.
By Mr. SAWYER; The memorial of E. B.
Thompson and 45 others, citizens of Waupaca,
Wisconsin, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of Simon Kuth and 18
others, citizens of Nero, Manitowoc county,
Wisconsin, _ asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of James W. Vander-
hoof and 74 others, citizens of Paekwaukee,
Wisconsin, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of J. Miller and 42 others,
citizens of Ryan, Kewaunee county, Wiscon-
sin, asking for-the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. SCOFIELD: Petitions from citizens
of North Springfield, Albion, Wattsburg, and
Fairview townships, Erie county ; Freehold
township, and Germany, Warren county, and
Wilsox, Elk county, Pennsylvania, asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition from citizens of Philadel-
phia, asking that pensions be granted to the
surviving soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812.
Also, a petition from physicians in the State
of Virginia, asking that substantial rank be
conferred upon surgeons in the United States
Navy.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa; The petition of
William II. Morrow, William H. Tuthill, Wil-
liam P. Wolf, and 3G others, citizens of Tipton,
Cedar county, Iowa, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of B. F. Jacobs, post-
master at Round Grove, Scott county, Iowa,
and 39 others, citizens of that place, for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of A. Fellows, J. H. Allen,
Frank Amos, and 15G others, citizens of Ma-
quoketa, Jackson county, Iowa, for the same
purpose.
Also, the petition of Frederick L. Keetli, J.
A. Secrcst, and 02 others, citizens of Fairview,
Jones county, Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. H. Robinson, post-
master at Pcdee, Cedar county, Iowa ; J. II.
Robinson, John Gefferd, O. C.Jack, JohnW,
Lewis, and 73 others, citizens of the saraa
place, for the same purpose.
By Mr. STEVENS: A petition of Francis
Eastman and 85 others, citizens of Weaie,
New Hampshire, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. STILES : The petition of John Colt-
man, son of Robert Coltman, deceased, who
was a soldier in the revolutionary war, asking
for back pay, and other relief.
By Mr. STOUGHTON: The petition of J.
M. Richards, president of the Chicago Board of
Trade, and many others, citizens of Chicago,
asking for an anpropriation of $75,000 for the*
harbor of New Buffalo,in the StateofMichigan.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of W, S„
Merrill and others, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. TANNER: Several petitions of
many citizens of Rensselaer and Washington
counties, New York, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. TILLMAN: A memorial from citi-
zens of Bedford county, fourth district, Toa-
nessee, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the memorial and papers of W. A.
Thomas, trustee in behalf of the society of Bap-
tists in the town of Tullahoma, Coffee county,
Tennessee, asking pay for the destruction of
their house of worship by Federal troops in
December, 1803„
Also, a memorial from citizens of Ruther-
ford county, fourth district of Tennessee, ask-
ing the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of
Daniel Rugbies, of Virginia, for the removal
of political disabilities.
By Mr. TYNER: Petitions from 72 citizens
of Galveston, and from 43 citizens of Chester-
field, in the State of Indiapa, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
