724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of J.
S. Smith and 47 others, of Fairfield county,
Ohio, praying for the abolition of the franking
privielge.
Also, tho petition of T. A. Schaeffer and 20
others, of Fairfield county, Ohio, on the same
subject.
Also, the petition of D. E.Rose and 43 others,
of Ross county, Ohio, on the same subject.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The petition of Lewis Sabin and 100 others,
legal voters of Templeton, Worcester county,
Massachusetts, praying the total abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of R. M. Shurtleff, of
Hartford, Connecticut, late a lieutenant in the
naval brigade of Colonel W. A. Bartlett, pray-
ing the payment of his claim for services as an
oflicer previous to his regular muster in to the
military service, and while he performed duty
received wounds and was subjected to capture
and imprisonment by the enemy.
Also, the petition of Asa F. Cochran, of New
Orleans, Louisiana, praying for relief.
By Mr. WELKER : The petition of Daniel
Methven and 38 others, citizens of Millbrook,
Wayne county, Ohio, asking the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of F. R. Loomis and 142
others, citizens of Lodi, Medina county, Ohio,
on the same subject.
Also, the petition of C. L. Gehres and 78
others, citizens ofMarshallville,Waynecounty,
Ohio, asking the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
_ By Mr. WHEELER: A petition of sundry
citizens of Madrid, St. Lawrence county, New
York, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition of sundry citizens of Gouv-
erneur, St. Lawrence county, New York, and
of NorthBangor, Franklin county, New York,
to tho same effect.
Also, a petition of citizens of Rossife, St.
Lawrence county, New York, to same effect.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hammond,
St. Lawrence county, New York, to the same
effect
_ By Mr. WILLIAMS: A petition of 225
citizens of Markle, Oswego, and Salem, In-
diana, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. WILLARD: The petitions of Free-
man Packer and others, of Moretown, Ver-
mont, and of R. J. Gleason and others, of
Wailsfield, Vermont, and of E. S. Deary and
others, of East Poultney, Vermont, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WILLIAMS : A petition of 50 citi-
zens of Angola, Indiana, for the abolition of
tho franking privilege.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
C. B. Hall and 93 others, citizens of Lawrence
county,_ Ohio, praying for the passage of a law
abolishing the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of G. M. Hubbard and 43
others, citizens of Scioto county, Ohio, on the
same subject.
By Mr. WINANS: The petition of W. S.
Funston, postmaster, and 59 others, citizens
of Vienna Cross-Roads, Clarke county, Ohio,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: A petition from
the citizens of Louisville, Kentucky, praying
that said city may be declared a port of entry.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 25, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. John McCmxtock, I). D.,
president of the Drew Theological Seminary
of New Jersey.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presentedapetition
of citizens of Thebes, Illinois, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Dan-
iel Ballard, praying the passage of an act to
pay the bounties due volunteers which now
remain unpaid, with semi-annual interest from
the_ time of the discharge of the volunteers
entitled thereto; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of James A.
Derrick, of the county of Upshur, Texas, pray-
ing for the removal of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Sarah E.
Wall, praying the enactment of a law prohib-
iting the sale of intoxicating liquors as a bev-
erage in the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of Massachusetts; praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petitions of
citizens of Otisville, and of citizens of Elling-
ton, Michigan, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which were referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr, HAMLIN presented the petition of Rose
A nn Somers, widow of Philip Somers, praying
for a pension ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
_ Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to present a peti-
tion numerously signed by the postmaster and
other citizens of Iberia parish, in the State of
Louisiana, in favor of the abolition of the
franking privilege. It prefers the usual indict-
ment against the privilege, I believe, and is of
itself, I think, an evidence of the abuse of the
privilege in that it went hence free and returns
free, and I believe is not official business. It
is not so numerously signed as many that have
been presented_ to the Senate, but is just the
same as far as it goes, because it contains the
same allegations. I say what I do now because
I propose to present many more on this sub-
ject, aslhavenodoubtthisistheatwrf courier,
so to speak, of many more to come.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present the
petition of property-holders in squares No.
087 and 688 of this city, signed by Francis
Hanna, James Adams, T. Scrivener, A. L. Cas-
paris, John Frederick May, and a large number
of other citizens, and as this is a brief petition
and relating to a matter of some importance,
I ask to have it read.
r The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont desires the petition to be reported,
The Secretary will read it if there be no objec-
tion.
The Secretary read the petition, as follows:
We, tho undersigned, property-holders in squares
A o. U87 and 6S3, Washington, District of Columbia,
respectfully offer to the consideration of the honor-
able Renate and House of Representatives of tlie
United States tbe following statement of facts and
petition:
We respectfully leprescnt. in the first place, that
saul njuares aro situated within the area of the
extension of tlie Capitol grounds, as proposed by
" Senate bill No. 54," which having passed the hon-
orable Senate during the last Congress, was subse-
quently referred by the honorable House of Repre-
sentatives to tho "Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds."
That as long ago as twelve years a hill appropriat-
ing said property to Government use was reported
to and parsed by I lie honorable Senate, and that bills
to that eiieet have from time to time passed either
the one or the other of the honorable Houses of
Congress.
In the second place, we respectfully repro^entthat
the action which those honorable bodies have already
taken in the matter of said extension of the Capitol
grounds has led to the general opinion that a law
condemning the said squares will pass sooner or
later; that our interests as property-holders have
been seriously damaged by reason ofthe loug-existins;
suspense which still prevents us from either im-
proving our property, or using it, or disposing of it
to advantage.
Therefore, and for the further reason that many of
us are advanced in years and desire on that account
to have our possessions well defined, we respectfully
■and earnestly ask that the honorable Senate and
House of Representatives do give this our petition
their early attention, so that in the event of a decis-
ion by their honorable bodies not to appropriate
said squares 687 and 688 to Government uses wo may
with security improve our property and advanta-
geously enjoy it.
Respectfully submitted.
Washington, D. C„ December, 1869.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A single word.
I have taken some pains to have a gentleman
ascertain what these property-holders would
be willing to accept as pay for their present
property in these squares, and I believe they
have all responded, and so far as I know'the
terms may not be unreasonable; bujt I trust
that at this session Congress will be willing to
determine this question once for all whether
we are to enlarge these grounds or not, and
will take some proper measures for inclosing
the Capitol grounds so that they may not appear
like a general cattle-yard of the country. I
move the reference of the petition to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent several petitions, numerously signed by
men and women of the United States, who
represent that there is an inequality in the right
of suffrage among American citizens, and they
ask that that inequality may be done away with,
either by an act of Congress relating to the
District of Columbia and the Territories, or by
an amendment to the Constitution. I hope and
pray that this inequality may be done away
with. I move the reference of the petitions to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YATES presented petitions from citi-
zens of Christian and Jersey counties, Illinois,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege ; which were referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SAULSBURYpresented a petition from
citizens of Sussex county, Delaware, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. OSBORNpresented a petition of citizens
of Yellow Bluff, Duval county, Florida, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
_ Mr. VICKERS presented three petitions of
citizens of Maryland, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. SPENCER presented apetition of citi-
zens of Allen's Factory, Marion county, Ala-
bama, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
_ Mr. PATTERSON presented a petition of
citizens of Manchester, New Hampshire, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WARNER presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Washington city, District of Columbia,
remonstrating against the passage ofthe bill for
the sewerage^ and the paving of M street, be-
tween New York avenueand Vermont avenue,
in that city ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. '1 HURMAN. I present tlie transcript
of the proceedings of a meeting of citizens of
Cleveland, Ohio, held on the 14th instant, in
relation to the repeal of the income tax law, at
which the following resolutions were adopted:
" That it is the - oir-cof this meeting that
tliQ,uniteu State? income tax is essentially invidious
ana oppressive in its operation upon the interests of
' omineive, and manufactures, and ought to be
repealed.
" lleioivcd, 'Xhat oiu Representatives ill Congress
be inat ructed and our Senators requested to use all
their influence to effect said repeal.
" Ileiohed, That these resolutions be signed by the
presiding oflicer and secretary, and forwarded to our
Senators and Representatives, aforesaid,
