1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
Mr. HAMLIN. I think we can get the vote
in five minutes. I understand the Senator
from California does not want much time.
, The PRESIDING OFFICES. Does the
Senator from New York insist On calling up
the special order?
. "Mr. POMEROY. I think we can vote on
this matter in a few minutes.
Mr. FENTON. , For how long a time does
the Seuator from California wish to occupy the
-attention of the Senate?
Mr. COLE; A very short time.
Mr. FENTON. That is very indefinite. I
think under the circumstances I had better
proceed with my remarks.
The PRESSING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York insisting upon the regu-
lar ord'jr, the unfinished business of yesterday
is now before the Senate.
Illli OORRENCr.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
378) to provide a national currency of coin
notes and to equalize the distribution of cireu-
" latiug notes.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, the measure
now under consideration naturally brings be-
foreus the great financial problem which the
country has to solve. We may adopt partial
measures like the present, directed to a partic-
ular branch of the subject, but they should all be
framed upon a broad and comprehensive policy
having in view a clear and distinct end. The
subject is one of wide scope. ■ It embraces the
questions of debt and taxation, of banking and
currency, all distinct in their character, yet all
interlaced in their influences and bound up
together. To some considerations on these
mutual relations, but mainly bearing upon the
bill before us, I venture to ask the attention
of the Senate.
The currency is closely connected with all
the varied and multiplied interests of our daily
affairs. In all the exchanges of trade, in all
the work of production, in the compensations
of labor, in every business transaction, it enters
as a principal agent. We are sustaining a vast
depreciated and inconvertible paper currency.
It has had two effects. It has raised prices,
and so given an extraordinary impetus to traffic
and exchanges, stimulating speculation to a
morbid degree and creating a semblance of
unusual prosperity. On the other hand, it
makes this appearance of prosperity as hollow
as it is glittering. It leaves it resting upon no
stable foundation. A touch would produce a
collapse. By changing nominal values and
unsettling natural adjustments this depreciated
currency has wrought the mostgross and unjust
inequalities. Its deep-seated and far-reaching
evils cannot be overstated. It takes from men
their property, by putting it upon a capricious
and changing basis and measuring it by a false
standard of value. It withholds from labor
its just reward, by paying it in fictitious money,
or compols it to resort to higher demands as
the only protection from the reduced pur-
chasing power of its compensation. It intro-
duces uncertainty and anxiety into all business
operations, wantonly changing contracts, sud-
denly affecting prices, injuriously taxing all
interests, producing violent fluctuations, and
buildingup airy and delusive structures of hope,
only to topple them over in disastrous ruin.
But I need not dwell upon the calamity of
such a curieney. All sound men recognize it
and are looking with feverish, anxiety for an
avenue of escape. The return of the country
to a specie basis is generally conceded to be
an object of paramount importance. Differ as
widely as men may regarding the means, they
agree in admitting the necessity of the end.
We cannot remain for any protracted period
in the present exceptional condition. The na-
tion must s ither set its face inflexibly in the
right direction, or it must go still further in a
seductive, path uutil arrested by a, tremendous
eosmlriiou. in or!'1 vur o>" Ufi i'
reach the universal standard of value. The
gold basis through resumption, or the gold
basis through more violent derangement, if
not repudiation, are the alternatives before us.
History is full of instances where nations have
issued government paper in excessive quanti-
ties until it has become depreciated like ours;
but history records few cases where such a gov-
ernment currency has been redeemed at par.
A fatal tendency almost invariably manifests
itself.
To retrace the path toward the safe position
from which the nation has departed is difficult
and laborious; to go forward in the enticiug
way is easy and alluring. The hope of securing
relief from present wants and pressing evils
through a further extension of the currency
fastens upon the mind, and the facile sugges-
tion is followed until the result is either the
depreciation of th.e whole expanded volume to
worthlessness, or its final redemption at a ruin--
dous discount. The records of France, Russia,an
Austria convey impressive warnings upon this
point. They have in the past followed this
inviting course to this disastrous end. The same
sinister influence is perceptible in our own
recent history. Eight years ago the issue of
inconvertible paper money, based on credit,
was universally regarded as a deplorable evil
only to be justified by the necessities of war.
Five years ago the gradual withdrawal of this
paper and the restoration to a sound basis were
equally regarded as measures to which the
Government must steadily direct itself. To-
day, under the corrupting influence of its con-
tinued presence, a portion of the people have
come to regard it as essential and desirable,
and from some quarters we have even a demand
for its further expansion.
But if I cannot exaggerate the importance
of resumption, neither do I underrate its diffi-
culties, Those who are indifferent to its ur-
gent necessity and those who treat if as easily
attainable are alike at fault. Its difficulties
are of two kinds: first, a heavy addition to the
burdens of the debtor class, and second, a gen-
eral decline of prices, accompanied by a pros-
tration or greater embarrassment of trade. An
addition of a fourth or a fifth to the private
indebtedness of the country, such as would
ensue if debts contracted in depreciated cur-
rency were lequired to be paid in gold, is too
grave a matter to be lightly considered. This
individual indebtedness cannot now be less
than seven or eight thousand millions, and
an increase of a fourth or a fifth would itself
nearly equal the whole amount of the national
debt. To impose this vast additional burden
at once, or within a very short period, upon
the debtor class would produce great hard-
ship and distress. Yet delay only enhances
the difficulty. Credits are constantly expand-
ing and individual indebtedness is steadily
increasing. If it amounts to eight thousand
millions this year it will amount to more than
eight thousand millions next. Great as is the
embarrassment now, it will only become
greater with the lapse of time. If the country
shrinks from The effort at present, it will recoil
with still greater repugnance another year.
The second difficulty is to be found in the
decline of prices, which must inevitably accom-
pany resumption. I do not believe the de-
cline will be as great as many suppose, but
because they are thus associated, resumption,
while working some hardship, is yet desirable.
Until prices are reduced to their natural and
normal standard, uutil trade returns to its
proper channel, until the morbid rage of spec-
ulation is subdued, until the constantly ebbmg
tide of foreign obligation is arrested, until in-
dustry and production receive their sober stim-
ulus, there will be no stability in the national
finances and no stability in domestic business.
Undoubtedly the return to this condition will
be accompanied by hardships. There are also
compensations; at least the reductions in some
measure balance each other. If prices decline,,
m is psU tloes co&t of Uvi £ If th* jsei
chant loses in what he sells, he gains in what
he buys. .
. But beyond all this, if we are right in our
estimate of the vast evils of a depreciated and
inconvertible currency, it follows that the em-
barrassments which will mark a return to the
sound basis are insignificant compared with
those which will surely mark a continuance of
affairs as they now confront us. There should
be no sweeping and violent change; the pro-
cess should be gradual and guarded, that busi-
ness men may calculate upon the future and
engagements may be entered into without the
danger of overwhelming those who make them.
True, a moderate shrinkage will tend to para-
lyze ; but better such a compression upon the
system than a suddfin convulsion which will
rend it in pieces and prostrate it in ruin. Eng-
land was six years after the Napoleonic wars,
and with a currency far less depreciated than
ours, in returning to specie payments. Indeed,
when in 1819 the actual measure of resump-
tion embodied iu Peel's celebrated currency
bill was passed, although the currency- was
down only four and a half per cent., yet three
years were allowed for the accomplishment, of
resumption,.and two years were actually con-
sumed iu the process. Iu the face of such
experience we cannot hope to leap a chasm of
twenty per cent, in a few months.
In considering the method of resumption it
is _ important at the outset to establish right
principles in order to fix upon specific meas-
ures. Unless the latter are based upon the
foimer they are worse than useless. The de-
termination of the amount of currency required
by the business of the country is not the real
question to be decided. The real question is,
what are the conditions upon which specie
payments can be restored and maintained?
Into the discussion as to whether the country
needs more or less currency I do not propose
to enter, because if would bring us no nearer
the end. If any one tells mo we have none
too much currency for the requirements of
business, I fully concur that we have none too
much at present prices. If any one tells me
we ought to have twice as much currency, I
fully concur that twice as much would not be
too large a sum for the conditions which would
then exist. If any one tells me we ought to
have less currency, I fully concur that less cur-
rency would suffice, with the fall of prices
which would accompany the reduction of
volume.
Iu one sense there never can be a redundancy
of currency, for prices adjust themselves to the
amount, and the more there is issued the more
there is needed to make exchanges. The value
of the circulation is regulated by the volume.
Under the natural laws of distribution, which
apply all over the world, a certain quantity
falls to our lot, and the amount we have,
whether nominally greater or less, will be equiv-
alent in actual value to that quantity. Iu I860
the currency of the United States, including
the specie reserve, was less than $o00,000,000,
aud no one claimed that there was not enough.
To-day the currency amounts to $700,000,000,
aud it is fairly claimed that on the present basis
there is none too much. There is no arbitrary
law of amount. The sum required is determ-
ined by the relation of the currency to the
exchanges it facilitates, and this relation is agaiu
determined by its value. If we have none too
much currency at its present value, will any
one claim that we should still have none too
much if its value could be appreciated eighteen
or twenty per cent.? In other words, will it be
claimed that wc need a fifth more than we now
possess, or, that if the currency could be im-
proved iu value, thus producing a decline in
prices, we should still need the present volume ?
The proposition may be stated in another
form. Our currency is now worth, say, eighty-
three cents on the dollar. If we need $i00,-
000.000 worth eighty-three cents on the dollar
is it passible to beliera that we should need
'r7Qft.0QQ.WK> wcttb a Jumared cents-ou tUe
