1870.
THE C0NGRESSI0ST1L GLOBE.
required to overcome the small depreciation
of four and a half per cent., and it was this
severe contraction that chiefly caused the dis-
tress of 1822. But in that very year, when the
difficulty was partly realized, the country banks
were authorized to renew the issue of notes
under five pounds, and at once the currency
began to expand. By 1825 it had increased
fully fifty per cent. I need not speak of the
consequences, as we have the same unvarying
story,—a reckless rage of bubble speculation, a
large surplus even in manufacturing England
of imported goods; a rapid flow of gold abroad,
all culminating in the memorable disasters of
1825, not by the return to specie payments,
but by a violent departure from the principles
upon which resumption had been effected.
The record which I have thus hastily pre-
sented to your attention suggests two or three
points of vital importance. In the first place it
illustrates the law of relation between the vol-
ume and the value of currency, and equally the
point more immediately involved in the dis-
cussion, of the impossibility of retaining gold
upon a redundant currency. I have referred
also to the fact that an adverse balance of trade
always attends such a condition. The latter
point is deserving special consideration as hav-
ing an important bearing in our own case upon
the question of resumption. The Secretary of
the Treasury justly urges that a favorable bal-
ance of trade, a state in which our exports,
exclusive of public securities, shall be equal to
our imports, is essential to a return to specie
payments.
The good effect of increasing the cotton
crops, to say nothing of others, is obvious in
this connection. But in view of the facts
already stated, the question recurs whether,
after all, resumption instead of being the effect
of a favorable balance, is not itself the neces-
sary prerequisite to that condition. Should it
not be said that it is the derangement of our
currency that deranges our trade ? Is it not the
depreciation of our currency, with its conse-
quent inflation of prices, that makes our country
a poor market to buy in but a good market to
sell in 1 And if this is true must not the ad-
justment of the currency necessarily precede
the adjustment of trade? It seems to me if
we wait for the former until we secure the
latter we shall wait an indefinite period. Our
excessive importations need not surprise us,
for they naturally follow increase of currency.
Permit me, Mr. President, to allude to the
coincident increase in the two_ most notable
periods of expansion in our history. I say
nothing of the bearings of the tariff, because it
does not touch this point; and in the amount
of currency as giveu I embrace both the circu-
lation and deposits, as is obviously just:
Amount Amount
Year of ciimricn. of imports.
1835  $186,000,000 5140,895,712
1«36   255.000,000 139.980,0,55
1837'   276,000,000 110,989,217
18:18. ...    200,000,000 113,717,401
1835 " "  377,00!'.000 261.408,520
185 6 i    408,000,000 314,639,912
185 7    445,000,000 360,890,141
  311,000,000 282,613,150
The affinity observable in this table is broken,
as will be seen, only in a single instance, and
that is capable of a special explanation. If we
were to examine the statistics of expoit for the
same periods, we should perceive a correspond-
ing tendency to decline, though not as uniform
as the increase of imports nor as marked when
the whole volume of the currency, including gold
and paper, is depreciated, as when the paper
alone is depreciated, marked by premium on
gold, as is now the case. The operation of
this law has been apparent during the past few
years. Having an inadequate supply of gold
to meet the adverse balance, we have been sup-
plementing it with our national bonds, until
now pearly or quite a thousand^ millions are
owned abroad,- requiring a large installment of
gold to pay the annual interest. And still the
demand continues and still it must continue in
greater or less degree so long as our present
disorders remain.
But, Mr. President, we are told that there
are sections largely interested in maintaining
the present order of things; that there are sec-
tions even which require ail addition to the
currency volume, and insist that it will not
retard a healthy movement toward the desired
end. I cannot admit it. Wherever the idea
prevails it is a fatal delusion. The true in-
terests of all classes demand that we shall
escape from the evils of the hour, and the still
greater dangers which menace expansion, and
no portion more than the agricultural element
of our population. It enjoys less of the ben-
efits and experiences more of the injury inci-
dent to such a situation than any other.
Through all the fluctuations of our currency
before the war, when general prices rose, those
of wheat and cotton invariably exhibited a
smaller ratio of increase than any others. In
other words, the producers paid proportion-
ately more for what they bought, and received'
proportionately less for what they sold. The
reason may be stated in a word. These were
the great articles of export. They came in
competition with foreign products in foreign
markets. Their price, therefore, was regulated
by the common standard of value in the com-
mercial world, which was lower than the
special standard of value created in our own
country by an expanded currency. Hence
they were relatively lower than other domestic
articles. The same general effect is seen in the
case now before us. It is true gold and paper
are not now kept side by side, paper being de-
preciated as compared with gold. But gold
itself, notwithstanding its premium, is really
cheaper than other commodities, and wheat,
therefore, which follows gold more closely than
any other prominent article,is relatively chcaper
than any other. But the proof is not limited
to these later years; the disparity exists when-
ever and wherever there are currency disor-
ders, and henee the argument of the producers
in favor of the earliest practicable escape from
a situation prejudicial to them now, and which
would become more intolerable by fostering the
cause which created it.
Now, Mr. President, I come to another argu-
ment which requires a moment's consideration
in this connection. In some quarters, whore
the present currency difficulties are recognized,
it is suggested that they will disappear with the
development of trade and production ; in other
words, that the wants of the country will soon
grow up even to the plethora of the present
supply. This idea has plausibility and some-
thing of fact; but, after all, it is based upon a
fundamental misconception of the character
and purposes of money. The circulating
medium of' a country bears no such relation to
its wealth and business that it needs to expand
in the same proportion. The circulation of
the Bank of England was less in J865 than
in 1845. The aggregate circulation of Scotland
has diminished since 1826, though for a long
time it was absolutely unlimited by law and
intelligently regulated only by self-interest.
' The total bank circulation of Great Britain, as
shown by the letters of Mr. George Walker,
in 1868 was actually less by two millions in
that year than in 1844, though in the mean
time the wealth of the United Kingdom had
doubled. Money is not needed or wanted for
its own sake. Apart from being the standard
of value, its great purpose is_ to serve as the
medium of exchange, as the instrument with
which transfers are made and indebtedness dis-
charged. It is true, civilization brings numer-
ous other agencies into play as substitutes for
money in this capacity. Deposits, checks,
drafts, and other bankinginstrumentalities are
thus employed, while the vast modern increase
in the rapidity and extent of internal communi-
cation enables the same volume of circulation
to effect a far larger number of transactions.
The second part of the bill under considera-
tion—that which provides for new banks with,
specie notes and specie redemption—is much
more serious if designed to take effect as a pre*"
ent practical measure. The principle is sound,
but if it is worth much for immediate applica-
tion it should be applied to the whole bank sys-
tem, and the impracticability of this is appar-
ent. The proposed notes would of coarse be
convertible into gold and equivalent to gold-
It would therefore be impossible to keep them
in circulation, except it may be on the Pacific
side, where gold is now used as the circulating
medium. Gold, still at a premium as compared
with the general currency of the country, would
still be a commodity and still subject to spec-
ulation. The specie notes would simply be
used to draw out the gold gathered in those
banks redeeming in specie. We might as well
attempt to drive into general circulation the
gold now occasionally sold from the Treasury.
We cannot keep a note worth eighty cents and
another worth a hundred cents, both denom-
inated a dollar, promiscuously circulating. It
cannot be answered that the difference in
value will be recognized by the community,
and that business will adjust itself to the parti-
cular medium in which it is conducted, for the
same difference of value exists now between
paper and gold, and it does not bring the latter
info circulation.
History does not furnish an instance where
two unequal currencies have been maintained
side by side. On the contrary, from the time
of the clipped coins of Amsterdam down toth's
present, whenever bylaw or by other operations
two currencies of different values have been
established, the one of greater value has inva-
riably retired from the field. Two pertinent
illustrations in our own experience come to
my mind. The law establishingthe Mint, rated
one ounce of gold aa worth fifteen ounces of
silver and regulated the coinage on this basis,
But an ounce of gold was worth more -than
fifteen ounces of silver; and, notwithstand-
ing over five millions of gold were coined,
scarcely any of it could be kept in our domestic
circulation. It was used to pay balances
abroad where it was worth more, or melted
into bullion, which possessed greater value
than the coin. When the law was changed to
remedy the difficulty this singular result was
seen: an ounce of gold was now rated at
sixteen ounces of silver, and it turned out as
the former valuation was two low, the latter
was as much too high, and the difficulty was
not removed, but only reversed. Instead of
gold it was now silver which could not be kept
in domestic circulation and which steadily
flowed abroad. It was only when another
modification of the law fixed the true relation
between the two metallic coinages that the
proper equilibrium was restored and preserved.
I need not dwell upon this matter. The fact
that two unequal currencies cannot be kept in
the same business intercourse, is supported by
the experience of mankind and the plainest
principles of political economy. Gold coil-
tracts, there may and ought to be, based upon
specie values. This would now seem tobe safe
under the decision of the courts, though the
small extent to which it is used shows the won-
derful tendency to follow the common measure.
I do not, however, see any grave objection to
this feature of the bill becoming a law. If I
am correct in my views it would simply be
unused if the privilege was accorded. I see
no possibility of a currency equivalent to gold
except by lifting our present currency to par
with gold. When this is done, as it may be
and I hope will be, the authority conferred by
the measure can well be put to more general
use, and indeed may be properly made the
foundation in practice, as well as the theory ot
our whole banking system.
One more suggestion and I have done. 1 iig
West and the South ask for a larger proportion
of the circulation. For one I am most will-
ing, provided it be accompanied by no expat}-
