732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
sion. I do not speak of a reduction of the vol-
ume, for, however desirable and however im-
portant in the work of resumption, it is not to
be found in this bill, if indeed it shall be in
any which receives the assent of Congress.
How much larger proportion they, the South
and "West, would absorb if it were directly
given to these districts is a matter of uncer-
tainty. . The uniform currency of a country
tends to distribute itself throughout the differ-
ent sections according to the same natural laws
■which I have already noticed, each taking a share
proportioned to its trade and demands. Upon
this principle, though it may not rigorously
apply to our large domain and diversified in-
terests, any increase, from whatever locality, is
not necessarily held in a particular district, but
diffuses itself in accordance with the require-
ments of trade and the demands of business.
I appreciate, however, the argument that the
more sparsely-settled and less wealthy districts
of country ought to have at least a proportion-
ate share of actual currency, because they have
less of the substitutes which come with ad-
vanced society.
If, then, it is still insisted that this will only
take place by the establishment of banks in
these localities it should be done in such a
way, as 1 before remarked, as will not operate
to increase the present volume. I should pre-
fer, nevertheless, desiring to curtail instead of
to extend, with a view to early resumption,
that this claim should not be urged. If a sys-
tem of_ banking based upon the proposed new
securities or qpnsols, entirely free, with only
such restrictions as are essential to absolute
security and to make every note redeemable
in gold, is adopted, then every section, as we
reach the specie basis, can have the amount
of currency it needs and can providc'for. In
the mean time it is my desire that we should
hold as nearly as possible to those just and
salutary maxims the observance of which is
more than ever important iu a period of de-
rangement like the present.
I see little in this bill to aggravate the evils
of the hour. In view of the Secretary's plan for
funding the debt and furnishing the now bond
for banking purposes in place ofthe old, it may
be the best we can hope to get. At all events
I come forward with no pet measure of my
own. The difference is not so much regarding
specific measures as upon the general princi-
ples involved ; and for this reason I have been
led as I proceeded with the discussion, to dwell
rather upon the latter than upon the former.
In these principles, the interests of all classes
and sections are practically identical, and as
under the guidance of loftiest patriotism we
emerged from the dark shadows of war, so
under the direction of highest duty we shall
emerge from the great evils of our present
financial disorder.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
in Committee of the Whole and open to amend-
ment. If no amendment be ottered it will be
reported to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. There is" an amendment
which I sent to the Chair yesterday which I
desire to introduce as a substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause and to insert in lieu thereof the
following:
That the present limit of $300,000,000 as the aggre-
gate amount of issues of circulating notes by national
hunks be, and the same is hereby, extended, so that
Hie aggregate amount issued and to be issued may
amount to but shall not exceed 4500,000,000; and the
additional issue hereby authorized shall be so dis-
tributed, if demanded, as to give to eaeh State and
Territory its just proportion of the whole amount of
circulating notes according to population, subjectto
all the provisions of law authorizing national banks
in so far as such provisions are not modified bv this
aet: Provided, That for eaeh dollar of additional
currency insure under I he prov Uions of this act th ere
shall be withdraws! an J euru-rii •! one- rlollsrof |:>sa! •
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of tlio Treasury shall require the national banks to
whom may be awarded any part of the additional
circulating notes authorized by the first section of
this aet. to deposit before the delivery thereto of any
sueh notes with the Treasurer of the United States, as
security for sueh circulation, registered bonds of the
description authorized by the third section of this
act, in the proportion of not less than $100 of bonds for
each and every eighty dollars of notes to be delivered ,•
ana the Secretary of the Treasury shall require from
existing national banks, in substitution of the bonds
already deposited with the Treasurer of the United
States as security for their circulating notes, a deposit
of registered bonds authorized by the third seotion
of this act to an amount not less than $100 of bonds
for every eighty dollars of notes that has Been, or
may hereafter be.delivored to such banks, exclusive
of such amounts as have been canceled. And if any
national bank shall not furnish to the Treasurer of
the United States the new bonds, as required by this
aet, within three months after having boon notified
by the Secretary of the Treasury of his readiness to
deliver such bonds.it shall bo theduty of the Treas-
urer, so long: as such delinquency exists, to retain
from the intorest as may become duo and payable on
the bonds, belonging to such delinquont banks on
deposit with him as soeurity for circulating notes, so
much of sueh interest as shall be in exoess of four per
cent, por annum on the amount of sueh bonds, which
excess shall bo placed to the oreditof thesinking fund
of tlio United States; and all claims thereto on the
part of such delinquent banks shall oease and determ-
ine from that date; and the percentage of currency
delivered or to be dolivercd to any bank shall in no
case exceed eighty per cent, of the face value of tho
bonds deposited with tho Treasurer as seourity there-
for. Nor shall more than four per cent, interest be
hereafter allowed on any bonds doposited or to bo
deposited as security for such currency.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That tho Secre-
tary of the Treasury be, and ho is hereby, author-
ized to issue, on tho credit of the United Stales,
from time to time, coupon or registered bonds of
sueh denomination not less than fifty dollars, as ho
may think proper, to tho "amount of 8500,000,000,
redeemable in coin at tho pleasure of the Govern-
ment at any time after twenty years, and payable in
coin at sixty years from dato, and bearing intorest
at the rate of four per cent, per annum, payable
semi-annually in coin; aud such bonds may be dis-
posed of at the discretion ofthe Soerelary, either in
the United States or elsewhere, at not less than their
par valuo, for coin, or for United States notes, na-
tional bank notes, or fractional currency; or maybe
exchanged for any of tho obligations of the United
States of whatever character that may be outstand-
ing at the date of the issue of sueh bonds. And if in
tho opinion of the Secretary of tho Troasury it is
thought advisable to issue a larger amount of four
por cent, bonds for any of the purposes heroin re-
cited than would bo otherwise authorized by this
sootion of this aet, sueh further issues are hereby
authorized: Provided, That there shall be no in-
crease in the aggregate debt of the United States in
consequence of any issues authorized by this act.
S"ec. 4. And bp it further enacted, That the bonds
authorized by this act shall be exempt from all taxa-
tion by or under national, State, ormunicipal author-
ity. Nor shall there bo any tax upon, or abatement
from, tho interest or income thereof.
Sec. 5. Arul be it further enacted, That all the pro-
visions of existing Jaws in relation to forms, inscrip-
tions, devices, dies, and paper, and tho printing,
attestation, sealing, signing a,ml counterfeiting, as
may be applicable, shall apply to the bonds issued
undcrthis aet; and a sum not exceeding onoporcont.
of the amount of bonds issued under this act. is hereby
appropriated to pay the oxpense of preparing and
issuing the samo and disposing thereof.
Sko. G. And be it further ennetcd. That all acts or
parts of aels inconsistent with this act bo. and tho
same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. RAMSEY. I presume it is not the in-
tention of the Senators who have tins bill in
charge to bring it to a vote to-day. They seem
not to have that disposition 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall Lave a
vote on tho passage of the bill to-day.
Mr. RAMSEY. I heard the desire expressed
by other Senators who took an interest in it
that it should go over until to-morrow, and
with that view 1 had proposed to move to post-
pone its farther consideration for tho present
and proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. :351.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state frankly to the
Senate that the bill which is now pending—not
the amendment that is offered, because that is
a funding bill, which subject is now under the
consideration of the Committee on Finance—•
is confined to two subjects. An increase of the
banking currency to the extent of $45,000,000,
with authority to issue coin notes to certain
States, for it can only be in certain States, is
a preliminary measure, and the Committee on
Finance are very anxious to have the action
of the Senate on that measure before they pre
vef-rl ,'o the t'oii'idorftflon of piker bl'i-:
pending. I hope the bill will not excite much
debate. It plainly, to a certain extent at least,
so far as it goes, goes to relieve a great in-
equality in the distribution of banking circula-
tion. It does not go as far as some Senators
desire, but certainly it goes in the right direc-
tion. It does not contract the currency, not
does it expand the currency, but leaves matters
stand just as they are.
The amendment now offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts introduces a great variety
of topics. The very proposition that he offers
as an amendment is before the Committee on
Finance, and is being daily considered in con-
nection with other measures of a similar char-
acter. It has no pertinence and no relation
to the subject-matter of the bill under consid-
eration. The first section of his amendment,
it is true, does relate to the subject-matter, and
it is in the same line. He proposes to increase
the limit of banking circulation to $500,000,000
upon a retirement of greenbacks. The com-
mittee have reported this bill for a temporary
increase, to increase the volume $46,000,000
upon the retirement of the three per cent, cer-
tificates. If the Senator from Massachusetts is
not content to take the action of the commit-
tee and wait till the report of the committee
on his bill, which is now being fairly and fully
considered, and desires to precipitate a general
discussion upon the funding system, upon a
substitution of bank notes for greenbacks, and
upon the forms ofthe bonds to be the basis of
our banking system—if that is his desire, as a
matter of coursc this discussion will be very
much prolonged. But I appeal to him, and I
appeal to all the Senators around me, whether
it is not better to pass this bill in the form
reported by the Committee on Finance, leaving
all the other questions which must necessarily
come up in a bill to be hereafter reported, and
soon to be reported, I trust, after it has been
fully and maturely considered, and then every
Senator will have an opportunity to present his
financial views in extenso.
The present bill does nothing in the world
except to extend the limit of the present bank
circulation $45,000,000, for the benefit of the
southern States mostly and for the benefit of
the western States, without changing any exist-
ing provision of law, and in order to avoid the
question of the expansion of the currency to
retire $45,000,000 of three per cent, certifi-
cates. It ought not to open any general dis-
cussion, and therefore I am very much sur-
prised to hear a motion made to postpone this
bill and take up any other. I trust we may have
the action of the Senate on the pending prop,
osition without its being complicated with the
great variety of matters which will necessarily be
involved in a financial discussion. If the Sen-
ate are disinclined to pass this bill let us have
the benefit of that determination, and get it out
of the way entirely forever, so that we may go
on with the consideration of other questions.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator will under-
stand that 1 am not hostile to his bill, but I
supposed the Senate were not prepared to come
to a final vote upon it to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, I desire
to inform the Senator that I hope to get a vote
to-day; and if the discussion on the bill were
confined to the points really involved in it £
do not really think there would be any sub-
stantial difference of opinion on the subject.
I have heard the discussion on both sides of
the Chamber, from both parties, for three or
four years, and I believe there is not a Senator
here of any party or of any section who does
not concede that some provision must be made
for the redistribution of bank circulation at
this session. For the present we propose a
partial one; and the plan suggested of retiring
the three per cent, certificates now meets the
sanction, I may say, of almost every branch of
the Government. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury recommends it inhisreport j the President
of the United States recommends it in bis
asiiuf.) I do sot Sraw that any
