734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
same number of people scattered over an im-
mense country like ours. We can all under-
stand that; so that all comparisons made by
Mr. Wells or by others between the volume of
currency used in this country and the volume
of currency used in other countries are unsound,
because the population being comparatively
sparse, money does not pass from hand to hand
so readily, and actual currency must supply the
place of bank credits, bank checks, and saving
institutions.
Then, Mr. President, another comparison is
made constantly which is unsound. Persons
compare the volume of currency now with what
was the volume of currency in this country
before the war. That is wholly illusory. Before
the war we had $450,000,000. We had over
two hundred million dollars of paper. The
banks had about ninety millions of gold and
silver in their vaults in the form of a reserve.
At that time gold and silver were part of the
currency, and there was not less than from
one hundred to one hundred and fifty mil-
lion dollars of gold and silver in circulation
and held by the people. So that it is safe to
say that there were at least $450,000,000 of
paper and of coin in circulation before the war.
Now we have about seven hundred million
dollars; but how does the case stand? We
have now nine millions more of people. The
area over which our currency is now scattered
has been increased at least one fifth since 1860.
But there is another very great difference
which has not been taken into consideration,
and that is thi^: that the currency of the States
before the war was not good outside of the
States issuing it, and consequently transactions
in different parts of the country were conducted
by bills of exchange; but now bills of exchange
are not used in that way once where they were
used a hundred times before. Our currency
is equally good in every part of the country.
The express companies carry it for a very small
sum indeed, and there are millions and almost
hundred of millions in actual transit all the
time from one part of this nation to another in
the payment of debts ; and thus our currency
has a use and a demand for it that did not exist
before the war while State currency was con-
fined to the limits of the particular State.
Then, sir, there is another great difference.
We have now to collect more than double the
amount of revenue that we did before the war.
That requires a largely increased volume of
currency to afford the facilities for doing it.
The Government is now required to hold a
large amount of currency on hand, which is
withdrawn from circulation for the time being-
much larger than before the war. There are
many other circumstances that I might refer
to, all going to show that a comparison between
the volume of currency before the war and that
which exists now is deceptive, and that no fair
reasoning can bo based upon it. We require
a much larger volume of currency, and the
depreciation of the currency does not, as I
believe, depend upon the volume of it, but
depends upon other causes; it depends upon
the fact that it is irredeemable, that no time
has been fixed when it shall be redeemed, that
there is no reasonable prospect before the
country now that it will be redeemed in two,
three, er four years. I shall not go over the
argument I made before in regard to the plan
of returning to specie payments. 1 believe that
time_ and the experience of this country will
vindicate the reasoning of the speech that I
made on that subject last year.
Now, sir, the currency of the country has
been estimated to-day as being worth eighty-
three cents on the dollar. There has been a
decline in the premium on gold of about ten
cents within four months. A good many seem
to think that the price of gold will continue to
decline until we return to specie payments. I
do not think so. It is entirely within the range
of possibility that gold will be at a premium
of forty per cent, before twelve months from
this time; that it may be at a premium of
thirty per cent, before three months. The
currency has no more actual value to-day than
it had six months ago. The price of gold has
been brought down. There are several reasons
for it. In the first place, many of those who
were engaged in dealing in"gold in New York
were broken up recently. The gold gamblers
have been deeply wounded; many of them
have had to retire from the field. It will be
some time before others take their places ; but
they will come in and take their places, and
there arc very intelligent financiers now who
are looking forward to a rise in the price of
gold at no very distant day.
Then, Mr. President, there is another reason
why the price of gold has declined at the pres-
ent time. We had very large crops last year.
We sent an unusually large portion of our
agricultural productions abroad. We had more
wheat in the country on the 1st day of October
than ever before—twice as much as we have
ever had before in this country. Our agri-
cultural productions have gone abroad, and to
some extent supplied the place of exchange,
and the demand for gold was thus diminished.
But if we should have a failure in the wheat
crop next year, a general prostration in busi-
ness, or a partial failure in the cotton crop,
we have no security that the price of gold will
not go up again. It may go as high as it has
been at any lime within the last eighteen
months. Therefore, in providing for a system
of banking it is not safe to calculate that gold
will never again go above 120, or that we are
done with fluctuations or speculations in the
gold market. Sir, we have no security what-
ever against them.
Mr. President, there is a feature in this bill
providing for establishing banks on a coin basis,
requiring those banks to redeem their notes in
gold, and only requiring them to have twenty-
five per cent, of gold in their vaults. You
may establish banks successfully on the Pacific
States, where our paper has never circulated
on that principle; but 1 am confident it cannot
be done on this side of the Rocky mountains.
It cannot be done in the city of New York, and
I think it is dangerous for the Government to
attempt to establish banks upon that basis;
and I will give you the reason why.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] yes-
terday, in his very clear statements, made one
that I think is somewhat calculated to give
a wrong impression. He said these banks
would be established in the principal cities of
the Bast, especially in New York, and in the
southern States, because already there were
transactions there to a large amount carried
on in gold. I think the Senator is mistaken
about that. I do not understand that to be
the character of those transactions.
The Senator informs me that there are
$00,000,000 of gold notes now used. He means
by that the certificates issued by the Secretary
of the Treasury for gold deposited. I shall come
to that in a few minutes. The actual transac-
tions in gold in New York scarcely amount to
anything except transactions between the im-
porters and the persons with whom they deal
in other countries. Those transactions must
be carried on in gold, and they make a continual
drain of gold from this country, which will
continue until the balance of trade has turned.
But the importers sell their goods to the job-
bers, and many of the jobbers to the western
merchants, upon a gold basis; but that does not
mean that they are to be paid for in gold, and
they are not paid for in gold one time in a
thousand. There is no gold in the transaction,
but they are sold for gold with this understand-
ing: that when the debt becomes due they are
to be paid for in currency at the value of gold at
that date. If a western merchant buys $10,000
worth of goods in New York, to be paid for in
gold, what does it amount to ? It amounts
simply to this: that when the debt becomes
due he pays it in currency according to the
price of gold on the day when the debt becomes
due; but there is no gold in the transaction.
I undertake to say that there is no gold in one
transaction out of a thousand that are made
between citizens of this country.
Mr. HOWE. I want to ask the Senator a
question if he will allow me, and that is if it
is not his opinion that the gold notes issued
under the bill would be redeemed in precisely
the same way, if redeemed at all—redeemed in
currency at the price of gold when they were
presented at the counter ?
Mr. MORTON. I think that would be the
fact; and I w«s coming to the effect of these
gold notes. I think the Senator from Wis-
consin is right; but now I speak of the gold
certificates. What are those certificates? A
man having $1,000,000 in gold deposits it for
safe-keeping, and that principally and for con-
venience, because it is easier to carry a certif-
icate in his pocket than to carry $1,000,000
in gold about him. He deposits the gold for
security and convenience in the Treasury of
the United States, and he gets a certificate that
he has deposited that much there, which can
be drawn at any time by the presentation of
the certificate. Do these certificates circulate
as currency? No, sir; never. They are evi-
dence simply of so much gold deposited in
the sub-Treasury at New York. It is a nice,
safe place to keep the gold. If the depositor
goes on to the gold exchange to sell that gold
he does not carry his gold with him, but the
certificate is sold and that draws the gold.
The Government is bound to keep on hand
every dollar of the gold that is represented by
these certificates. I undertake to say that if
the Government should allow the stock of gold
in the Treasury to run down $10,000,000 below
the amount of certificates that are out, and that
fact was found out, there would be a run upon
the Treasury immediately. The Government
dare not put out one dollar of gold that is rep-
resented by these certificates, but it must keep
dollar for dollar. There is a constant demand
for gold there to sell to importers and to other
persons who have to use gold in the arts. The
latter demand is not a very large amount it is
true ; but this demand has to be supplied, and
if the Government should use the gold in the
Treasury so as not to have a sufficient amount
to redeem the certificates, and that fact was to
be found out, there would be an immediate
run. Therefore the Government cannot issue a
gold certificate in safety except upon the con-
dition that the gold shall be kept in the Treas-
ury to be returned to the person holding the
certificate any day, and there is no possible
advantage to the Government in having the
gold there. It has never been shown to me
that the Government has derived or can derive
one cent of profit from having these deposits
of gold made in the Treasury. It is entirely
for the convenience of the people, and it is
perhaps well enough ; but it is a matter of no
profit at all. _ It is almost in the nature of a
special deposit. It is true the Government is
not required to pay out the same identical bag
of gold that the depositor placed there, but it
must always have that amount of gold on hand
to present to the man who brings the certificate.
Now, sir, suppose you establish banks whose
notes are to be redeemed in coin in the city of
New Yorfc I should like to ask a question
of the distinguished chairman, who has paid
great attention to this subject. These gold
notes are issued by a bank, and they must repre-
sent gold absolutely, and there must be a dol-
lar in the vault of that bank for every dollar
that is put out, or the bank will bo broken in
one day. I ask him if these gold notes can go
into general circulation? Sjhe Senator from
New York has just made a very clear state-
ment that two circulations of unequal value can
never float together at the same time. They
never have done it and they never will. The
poorer circulation, the depreciated one, always
drives the other out; and these gold notes will
no more go into general circulation than will
the gold that they represent. They cannot.
Your greenback dollar is at twenty per cent.
