1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
737
on which I should like to speak, but I have
not the strength to do so now.
Mr. STEWART. I do not rise to discuss
this bill, but simply to say that I should like
to see the provision to permit banking on the
.gold basis adopted. I think it would be effect-
ual on the Pacific coast. I believe men would
undertake to establish banks on the gold basis
there. I believe thati&the opinion ofthosemost
conversant with the question on that coast. I
believe a great many persons there are anxious
for an opportunity to make this experiment.
Of coarse, banking on a specie basis and issu-
ing paper, there must be much more of paper
than there is of gold, or the paper circulation
amounts to nothing. That depends upon the
confidence the community has in the circulat-
ing medium as a matter of course. The gold
basis, as I understand, will a good deal affect
it any way. It can be sustained in any coun-
try only so long as confidence can be kept up
in the ability of the banking establishments to
redeem.
I have no doubt if the business men of
California, Nevada, and Oregon undertake to
-proceed to establish banks on a gold basis
they will be able to float a large amount of
these gold notes among the people as a circu-
lating medium. They will not be in the hands
of brokers in New York. They are very dis-
creet, and will not go beyond their capacity.
They can float some, and I think they will
relieve a portion of the gold that might float
East. They can certainly float some. I have
great confidence that they will not attempt to
float more than they can conveniently, so as
not to embarrass us. I think they ought to
have an opportunity to try that experiment. I
aja very confident they will not go into it
rashly, because they are very much attached
to a sound currency. I do not think they will
be very rash and float more than can be floated
with safety. I think some can be floated, and
if it can be done elsewhere the experiment
there will do no harm. I do not think there
is any danger of its being abused, or doing
harm. I am very anxious that they should
have an opportunity to try the experiment and
see if they can float some of these notes. _ It
will be for the convenience of the community.
I believe there will be great confidence there
in a gold note secured in the mode that
national bank notes are secured, with only
eighty per cent, of notes issued and one hun-
dred per cent, of bonds behind them. T
think there would be great confidence in such
notes, and there would be a disposition on the
part of the community to float them; It might
work a great deal of good. _ There is no gen-
eral disposition on the Pacific coast to adopt
the currency at present, and there has not
been; but there appears to be a feeling in
favor of trying this experiment; and as I can
see no harm that will be produced by it, I
should like the people to have that oppor-
tunity.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, there is a single
matter of very general and very great interest
in this bill, and that is the readjustment of the
circulation notes among the States who have
received them. As the Senator from Indiana
stated, there is about one fourth of the popula-
tion that have two thirds of the circulation
notes. That is great inequality and great in-
justice to the other three fourths of the popu-
lation.
Now, sir, the friends of equality in the dis-
tribution of the circulation notes in this body
certainly have the power to control this sub-
ject. They represent three fourths of the
people, and consequently their strength in the
Senate is in something like the same proportion.
This is a single practical subject, and if the
representatives of the States which have not
received their share of the circulation notes are
sincere and earnest in their desire to have a
redistribution of them they have it within their
power to command it. How is that to be done ?
By having this bill confined to that single sub-
41st CONG. 2D SE&S.'—No. 47.
jeet, and not permitting it to be complicated
with other subjects that might retard the pas-
sage of a simple bill for the redistribution of the
circulation notes in the Senate and defeat it.
Every man can see at once the justice of the
proposition that the distribution of thecireula-
tion notes as it has been made by the Treasury
Department ought to be reformed, and that the
great mass of the States which have received
nothing like their share should receive the ben-
efit of a redistribution to something like the
extent of equality. If the matter is presented
in a single bill confined to that particular and
individual subject, and the friends of the meas-
ure will vote down the complicating of the bill
for that purpose with other subjects, the ten-
dency of which is to defeat it, they can control
and command the measure. Ought they to
do so?
If the subject of the currency and banking
and of money matters generally is permitted
by the friends of the redistribution of the circu-
lation notes to be brought into the same bill
they can never have their measure carried into
practical effect at all. The representatives
from the States that have this heavy advantage
in the circulation notes, to wit, the representa-
tives of the fourth of the States that have two
thirds of the amount of the circulation notes,
will never consent to the passage of a single,
direct, and just measure in relation to this
subject. They therefore seek to introduce ex-
traneous subjects, to give rise to a, difference
of opinion and judgment and action on the
part of Senators. The object is in that way to
complicate and retard the simple measure of
a redistribution of the circulation notes. I
appeal to every Senator who is in favor of a
redistribution upon something like just and
equitable principles of the circulation notes
to inflexibly exclude every other subject and
matter from the bill, and pass a bill for that
simple and single object.
The Senate passed a bill on this subject at
the last session of Congress. That bill pro-
posed to reclaim from the States that have this
excess of circulation notes $30,000,000, and to
distribute that amount of circulation notes
among the States which had less than their
share upon the basis by which they were to be
distributed according to the original act. From
some cause or other that measure did not pass
the other House, and failed to become a law.
It will fail again unless the friends of this sim-
ple measure of justice and equality in the dis-
tribution of the circulation notes remain per-
fectly firm and restrict the bill to that simple
subject and inflexibly exclude every other
from it.
To effect that object I intend at the proper
time to offer as an amendment in the way of
substitution for this entire bill two sections of
the bill we passed at the last session that will
effect this object; but instead of asking simply
for the withdrawal of $30,000,000 from the
States that have received such an excess of
circulation notes, my proposition as I propose
to offer it will ask that these States refund
$60,000,000 of the $100,000,000 of excess that
they have received and been in the use of for
the last three or four years, and that this
$60,000,000 shall be redistributed to the other
States who have received less than their pro-
portion ; the greater amount of which would
go to the southern States, and a large amount
of it to the western States.^
This is no measure of injustice to the States
which have had such a monopoly of the circu-
lation notes for several years. Why ? Because
they asked for and received those notes in
excess of the principle and measure by which
they were entitled to them under the original
act. It was their grasping disposition and
their desire to have more than they could justly
claim under the law that impelled them to ask
such an excess of the circulation notes. The
subject has been before the Senate" and bet ore
Congress for two or three years. The judg-
ment of the Senate, at least, has been dis-
tinctly pronounced for the last two years,- that
the distribution of the circulation notes Was
unjust and unequal, and should be reformed;
and the Senate-manifested a purpose on their
part to make the reformation on something
like a principle of equality.
Those States that have had this great redun-
dance of the circulation notes were thus noti-
fied two years ago that they would be required
to surrender the excess of advantage that they
had in the distribution of these notes, and they
ought to have prepared themselves for this
measure of justice to the States that have not
received it. They have had ample time to put
themselves in that condition. If they have not
prepared themselves to do so it is their own
fault. It was their fault, it was their wrong
that they got, an excess in the commencement.
Why? Because the act established a system
upon which the notes should be distributed
among the States.
That act by the principles established ap-
prized every State of the approximate amount
of circulation notes it would be entitled to; but
some of the States, instead of limiting and re-
stricting themselves to their just proportion,
asked six or ten times that amount and received
it. After they have had this great advantage
for so many years shall they be still allowed
to continue the monopoly and to have the ben-
efit of it to the excess that they have heretofore
had ? They ought not to have asked for the
circulation notes to the amount that they did ;
but having asked it, and being notified by the
States and their representatives who have had
less thau their amount for two or three years
that they would be called upon to redeliver to
the Treasury Department the excess of their
circulation notes that they might be distributed
among the States that have had so much less
than their share, they ought now to be in a
condition to make that equitable redelivery for
the purpose of an equal distribution, and if
they are not in that condition they have no just
reason to complain.
Sir, I am in favor myself of a return to specie
payments whenever it can be done without seri-
ous injury to the country. The time will never
come about when everybody will be ready for
the resumption of specie payments. When-
ever that day comes it will find a groat many
persons unprepared for it; and those persons of
course must receive injury, and many of them
probably will bo ruined by the operation. If
that time is to be postponed to prevent those con-
sequences it will never come about at all. And
yet the present condition of things, a spurious
circulating paper at a great discount constitut-
ing the only medium of circulation in the coun-
try, is one of the greatest possible national and
individual evils that can be conceived.^ It is
the duty of the Government to correct it, and
to correct it as speedily as practicable. The
correction never can and never will be made
until it is commenced. It ought to have been
commenced long ago. Now is the latest pos-
sible time at which it can be commenced with-
out farther and great injury to the country.
I believe I am disinclined to vote for an ex-
tension of the paper circulation of the country.
I am disinclined and have been for two or three
years to'vote for any measure that would in-
crease that circulation ; but at the same time I
would be against any material restriction of it,
probably against any sudden restriction of it
whatever, in order to enable the country to
accommodate its business and condition to that
measure. I am not willing even in oraer to
do justice to the South in the distribution of
the circulation notes to make_ any great and
material increase of the paper circulation ot the
country, because I believe that instead of being
a remedy it would be an aggravation ot the
evil and introduce much more of mischief nan
of good. .
The simplest, greatest, and most just mode
of doing justice to the southern and western
States would be simply a measure according
to the terms of the bill as it was passed at tfce last
