1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
cer of the Government can sell one foot of
land or one pound of material belonging to it
unless at public sale.
Look at the immense amount of public prop-
erty we havehad sold since the close of the war.
Look at the vessels sold, the materials of war,
and property in all the other Departments.
He cannot pointto a single officer of this Gov-
ernment who has sold one dollar's worth at
private sale. Hence, in my opinion, there was
no necessity of the amendment offered by my
colleague, [Mr. Ratoai/l;] but it does not
damage the bill, and I am satisfied with it. It
may be right enough, but there was no actual
need of it. With that amendment the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
save on the point of economy, is gone, and he
ought to withdraw all opposition to the bill. I
can scarcely believe that the gentleman is not
a friend to this League Island project, for he
asserts here that he is not its enemy and says
he considers it a fixed fact that thi3 great pub-
lic work must go on. But 1 do not want him
to sit still and allow his apparent opposition
to go to the country after the bill has been
guarded with all the guards that the most care-
ful member of Congress could desire to have
thrown around it.
Now, as to the question of economy. It is
a most excellent thing to be economical, both
in private life and in public life. I thiuk the
people of the country would have a contempt
for the administration of this Government if
it attempted to be extravagant and to spend
money unnecessarily, just as I believe that in
private life we are properly criticised when we
do not measure our expenses by our means;
but if economy means that important and
necessary public works shall not be proceeded
with the people of the country who pay the
taxes that go to make up the revenues will
not be satisfied with it. They do not ask that
we shall stand still and make no improvements
for their benefit and security.
Now, these estimates of $331,097,000 in
round numbers are not appropriations. We
all know that it is rarely ever the case that
a committee of this House reports the full
amount of the appropriations asked for in the
estimates. My friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] knows that very well. He is a
shrewd member of-the Committee on Appro-
priations. He understands his business. He
has a local interest, of course, in_ having_ an
appropriation made for the Des Moines rapids,
but he is wise enough to say to his colleagues
on the committee, "I do not want the $1,000,-
000 asked for in the estimates for the nest fiscal
year; just let me have $200,000; that will
satisfy me"—and he gets it.
Now, my friend from Massachusetts [.Ar.
Dawes] took occasion many times during his
speech to speak about the estimate lor doing
this work at League Island. Well, I am
enough to say here—I think my colleague [Mj*
Myers] has expressed the same view—that the
Secretary of the Navy may think fit to ask for
$800,000 or some smaller amount_ with which
to commence this work and carry it on during
the next fiscal year. We do not pretend to say
that this great improvement, which we look
forward to as becoming the greatest naval sta-
tion in this country or abroad, will not cost
several times $800,000. Yet we will have to
be prudent; we will have to take the course
of our wise friend from Wisconsin. [Mr.
Washburn.] If I had been upon the com-
mittee I would probably have followed his lead-
ership in this respect. If we cannot get a large
appropriation we must take a smaller one
when the appropriation bill comes before the
House. When that bill does come in, if the
committee does not recommend an appropria-
tion, then when some member of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs or some one not on
it asks for an appropriation for the commence-
ment of this work I take it for granted that
the House will vote in such an amonntas may
be thought necessary.
But this bill does not ask for an appropria-
tion ; it does not mention an appropriation;
it merely proposes to authorize the transfer of
the old navy-yard to League Island and the
sale of the old location. -Yet we are met with
theterrible forebodings of the economical chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Dawes] that there is to come hereafter a request
for $800,000, he losing sight always of the fact
that although an appropriation for that amount
were asked to-day, before many months the
progress of the work upon this island would
be so far advanced that the sales of the old
avy-yard might commence and go on, whereby
the money would come into the Treasury more
rapidly than it could possibly be taken out under
the provisions we arenow discussing, and under
appropriations hereafter to be made.
Mr. DAWES. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to admit that the passage of this bill
would necessitate an appropriation ?
Mr. O'NEILL. I will answer the gentleman
with a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. DAWES. That is, at this time.
Mr. O'NEILL. I say this; at this time this
bill does not demand an appropriation.
Mr. DAWES. That is not what I ask. I
do not ask whether the bill demands an appro-
priation, but whether the passage of this bill
does not necessitate an appropriation now if
anything is to be done?
Mr. O'NEILL. With equal frankness I will
answer. Of course this bill must be followed
up by an appropriation at the time when the
Navy Department may thiuk it proper to sub-
mit an estimate. This bill must be followed
up by an appropriation at some time.
Mr.'DAWES. So I understand.
Mr. O'NEILL. The Government cannot
do its work without money any more than can
a private individual; but I assert that when
the first direct appropriation is made for what-
ever amount may bo asked by the Secretary
of the Navy, when that is done, there will
be afterward no further effort to take money
actually out of the Treasury, for the sales of
the old property will bring it in as rapidly as
we would take it out. The amendment of my
colleague [Mr. Randall] proposes to "cover
in " to the Treasury every dollar resulting from
such sales. Thus several million dollars will
be provided for with which to proceed with
this naval station.
Mr. DAWES. Then between the gentle-
man and myself, is not the only difference
this : whether we are now in as good a financial
condition, with all the burdens we have upon
us, to do this thing, as we shall probably be
five years from to-day ? Is not that the differ-
ence between us ?
Mr.O'NEILL. Ithinkwearejustaswellpre-
pared this day to build up a navy-yard in which
we can construct iron ships, and in which we
can make all the armature necessary for them,
and thus be ready to compete with foreign
Governments on the seas, as we shall be five
years hence; and I think the people of this
country are willing to pay taxes and auu. to
the revenue to such an amount as to put us in
a position that we may, through the iNavy,
defy the world. .
Mr. Speaker, let gentlemen examine tke
report—the very able report—of the Secretary
of the Navy ; and I will say here that no abler
report has ever been made, although I am rejdy
to do credit to his predecessor in the last Ad-
ministration, Mr. Secretary Welles, for the
patriotism which prompted him to aid in the
selection of this place for a navy-yard on its
merits—and they will find that there is a neces-
sity for us to go on immediately v/itli building
iron and iron-plated vessels with which we may
be able to cope with those already built by
other countries. The Secretary says that at
least ten iron-clad vessels are now wanted, not
vessels fit only to be kept in port, not vessels
suitable only for the shallow waters along our
coast, but such as can be sent out to strengthen
our fleets on the various stations.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] whispers to me and requests me to
say to the House what I think those ten ves-
sels will cost. Mr. Speaker, if we had to-day
such a naval station for iron-clads as we expect
League Island to become, those vessels could
be built comparatively cheap. I cannot tell
the cost of each; they may each cost $1,000,-
000. But if they could be built in a navy-
yard especially constructed for iron-clads, and
under the supervision of naval officers and
naval constructors and others engaged in our
navy-yards in doing work for the Government,
they would be fit to go to sea, fit to do their
duty when at sea in any location and under any
circumstances.
I am aware of the gentleman's idea as to
private ship-yards, and I do not wish to de-
tract from, the ability of private ship-builders
or to depreciate their great mechanical skill,
but I remember his broad assertion here rela-
tive to.the English Government building ships
in private yards. I believe he quoted some
one as saying that ninety per cent, of the ves-
sels of that Government have been built in
such yards. I am certain he must have been
mistaken in that statement, doubtless in con-
sequence of misinformation on the part of his
informant. It is utterly impossible that the
British Government could have built anything
like ninety per cent, of its naval vessels in
private establishments. It is more likely, per-
haps, that ten percent, of them may have been
so built, but certainly it cannot be that so many
were, as he states.
When has there been such an emergency in
the history of that nation as to require it to '
build that proportion of its vessels in private
yards? Certainly not since the Crimean war.
I suppose during that war the British Govern-
ment was obliged to hire transports and to pick
up vessels wherever it could to transport troops
and material of war to that distant country.
But there must be a great mistake in the as-
sertion that the British Government, of all
Governments in the world, has been obliged to
resort to private yards for the construction of
so many naval vessels. I cannot believe it.
We all know that during our late war our Gov-
ernment was obliged to buy ships wherever it
could. We built immense numbers of iron as
well as of wooden ships, and yet, as the gen
tleman from Massachusetts says, quoting, I
believe, Admiral Porter, we had at the end of
the war nothing to show for it; we had no
Navy. And why? The wear and tear of con-
stant service destroyed countless vessels, they
being unsuited for naval purposes, which we
hired or which we built in such hot haste.
The experience of the late war should show
us the necessity of establishing a navy-yard
where vessels can be properly constructed. We
were then fighting a Power not prepared for a
naval war. The service generally of our Navy
was blockade duty. Our vessels were not re-
quired to go out upon the ocean to meet foreign
fleets. The naval duty to be performed was on
our own shores, along our own coast. Should
we become involved in a foreign war where
should we be? We shall never be properly
prepared for such an emergency until we have
a yard in which we can build an iron ship from
stem to stern, in which we can construct the
necessary armature, and in which such a vessel
can be fully equipped.
There is one other consideration relative to
a navy-yard of this kind. In reading a com-
munication addressed to Mr. Lynch, the chair-
man of the special committee to iook after
the declining interests of our commercial ma-
rine, I faund in the concluding paragraph a
statement that the mechanical force in the
great city of New York has decreased from
twenty thousand men to two thousand men.
The business of ship-building has fallen, in a
few years, so that there is now employment for
two thousand men only._ For one I am amazed
at it. Therefore, in the interest of these skilled
mechanics, in the interest of the men who do
