1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
privilege. I call up the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections in the case of Wallace vs.
Simpson, from the fourth congressional dis-
trict of South Carolina. I call for the reading
of the resolution reported by the committee.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That upon the papers referred to the
Committee ol Elections in the contested ease of A.
S. V/allace us. W. D. Simpson, from the fourth con-
gressional district of South Carolina, A. S. "Wallace
i^ prima facie entitled to a. seat in the House as the
Representative of said district, subject to the future
action of the House or to the merits of the ca--o.
Mr. KENDALL. I now ask that the reso-
lution reported by the minority of the com-
mittee may be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Kesohcd, That W". I). Simpson not entitled,
under resolution of March, 1869, to a seat from the
fourth district of South Carolina, by reason of ineli-
gibility; and that A. S. Wallace is not entitled to ;
such seat because howosnot "by thegreatesfcnumber ]
of votes duly elected " by the people of that district, ;
Mr. BURDETT. Mr. Speaker, in opening '
this case I do not propose to occupy the atten- j
tion of the House more than a few minutes. I
I will merely state the case as it is understood j
by the majority of the Committee of Elections, j
and then I will yield to the gentleman from !
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] on the part of j
the minority of the committee. !
It will be recollected by the House that this j
case was pe.nding at the adjournment of the I
last session of Congress, and upon which a vote 1
was not reached lor lack of time. j
The facts of thecase are these : at the gen- !
eral election held in the year 1868 in the State j
of South Carolina Mr. Simpson was a candi- I
date on the one hand and Mr. Wallace was a
candidate on the other hand for Representative
in this House from the fourth congressional
district of the State of South Carolina. A
peculiarity of the facts connected with that
election, and which now brings this case to the
notice of the House for its decision to-day, is
that the board of canvassers of the State of
South Carolina, upon making their certifica-
tion, as it is called by the law of that State, as
10 the result of that election, have sent to the
House a certificate that William J. Simpson is
elected to this House; and they have also sent
a certificate in the same form that A. S. Wal-
lace is elected to this House from the fourth
district of South Carolina; and we have before
the House, as there was before the committee,
this somewhat anomalous state of facts.
By the law of South Carolina the board of
canvassers in that State consists of the secre-
tary of State, the comptroller general, the
attorney general, and Ihe treasurer of that
State, a majority of whom are_ authorized to
act and to certify. It is provided that this
board of canvassers shall meet at the State
capital in the month of December, I believe,
and shall there proceed to count up the returns
duly made, and from this count shall certify
who is elected
On the 2d day of December, 18G8, this board
did meet and perform that duty. And it seems
from the papers now before the House, as I
have before stated, that they did form a con-
clusion both as to Simpson and as to Wallace,
and that they certified accordingly. It is per-
haps proper and necessary for, me to state to
the House a fact which has come to the knowl-
edge of the committee and of the House since
the report of the committee was laid before
the House at the last session of Congress, in
order that it may be properly explained, as in
my judgment it does not in any wise change
the facts and circumstances upon which the
finding of the committee wa3 based.
It is provided that the board of State can-
vassers" upon making a determination of the
state of the polls shall certify to the elected
man the result of that count, and shall also
tile in the office of the secretary of State a cer-
tification of that result. When the case was
before the committee it appeared that this part
of their duty had been performed; the board
had granted a certificate to Simpson ; they had
granted a certificate to Wallace, and they had |
also filed a proper certification in the office of I
the secretary of State. ;
It is further provided, however, that a cer- ;
tified copy of this general certification, as it is
termed in the laws of that State, shall be then j
sent to the Speaker of the House. And this '
document is by the law of South Carolina made
the primal evidence of a right to a seat in this
House.
When the committee considered this case this !
general certificate had not been filed before the
committee, and in fact it had not been received
by the Clerk of the House. But inasmuch as
this general certification was simply a tran-
script of the specific certificate given to each
one of the candidates declared to be elected it
was not necessary, therefore, that the commit-
tee or the House should determine whether any
election had been or had not been had. How-
ever, since the adjournment of the last session
of Congress that general certificate has been
forwarded, and, as in the case of the individual
certificates, there is also a certificate to Simp-
son and a certificate to Wallace ; so that the
facts and the law of the case stand precisely
now as they did when the committee made
their report to the House.
Now, the question which appeals to the intel-
ligence of the House is: upon this state of facts
who is entitled to the seat upon this floor? The
House is relieved from any affirmative consid-
eration of the case of William D. Simpson,
since by the operation of the resolution of the
House of the 22d of March last relative to dis-
qualification under the act of July 2, 1862, it
has been reported to the House, and so stands,
that Mr. Simpson is not eligible to a seat in
this House. Therefore the question is whether
or not Mr. Wallace upon the papers before
the House is entitled to a seat here.
I do not wish to be understood as saying that
in my view or in the view of the committee the
fact that Mr. Simpson has been found to be
ineligible gives any further right to Mr. Wal-
lace than if Mr. Simpson were in fact eligible.
I will state what I understand from the docu-
ments before the House and the committee to
be the reason which led to the issuing of a cer-
tificate of election to Mr. Wallace after such
a certificate had already been issued to Mr.
Simpson.
The board of canvassers, from the facts laid
before them and the investigations made by
them, came to the conclusion that the apparent
majority for Mr. Simpson had been obtained
by fraud, by violence, and by duress, and that
therefore it ought not to be counted. Hence
it was disregarded. This, I believe, is a plain
and fair statement of the matter—a statement
as favorable to gentlemen on the other side as
I can make it.
But, Mr. Speaker, an examination of the
papeis in the case will disclose this state of
facts: only three of the board of canvassers of
the State of South Carolina joined in the cer-
tificate of Mr. Simpson. Under the laws of
that State the certificate of a majority of the
board is necessary to valid action. It appears
(and so far as the papers are concerned those
papers are under the seal of the State) that on
the same day one of those canvassers, the
comptroller general of the State, withdrew his
action in reference to_ signing the certificate of
Mr. Simnson, declaring that so far as he was
concerned it was as though it never had been,
and joined in the certificate of Mr. Wallace
so that so far as the papers and reports go, if
we give credit to the action of those officers
of the State who are by law the judges of the
matter, the certificate of Mr. Simpson stands
with but two names appended to it, while four
of the State canvasscrs joined in the certificate
of Mr. Wallace.
Mr. MARSHALL. I beg permission of the
gentleman from Missouri to make a single sug-
gestion. The report of the majority of the
committee in this case is, as I understand, that
Mr. Wallace is entitled to a seat prima facie.
not that he was duly elected, but that on the
papers presented in the case he is prima facie
entitled to a seat on this floor. The gentleman
from Missouri has stated that a certain paper
in favor of Mr. Simpson having been in the
first instance signed by three of the State can-
vassers, one of those officers subsequently with-
drew his action and signed the certificate of Mr.
Wallace. I would like to know where those
certificates are. I have been looking over the
report of the majority and I do not find them
set forth in it. There is nothing brought before
the House by which members can judge as to
the validity of those certificates of election,
upon which the claims of these contestants as
to the prima facie right are to be decided.
If Mr. Yf allace is entitled to admission to a
seat at this time it is not because the commit-
tee report that he has been duly elected, for
that question has not been considered by the
committee; the reason must be that upon an
examination of the papers issued by the duly
authorized board of canvassers he is shown to
be upon the face of those papers, upon first
blush, prima facie entitled to tne seat. Now,
these papers are not, so far as I can see,
brought before the House. I have hurriedly
looked through the report and the evidence,
and I do not find the certificates u pon which
this question must turn. I hope, therefore,
the gentleman from Missouri if he has those
papers in his possession, will have them read
at the Clerk's deskthat members of the House
may understand upon what the committee base
their claim that Mr. Wallace is entitled, prima
facie, upon the papers to a seat on this floor.
Mr. BURDETT. I hold in my hand the
documents referred to by the gentleman from
Illinois, and I have no objection to having them
read at the Clerk's desk. I will not now pursue
further the discussion of this question, but I
will yield for one hour to my colleague on the
committee, the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Randall,] reserving, however, the right
to take the floor at the conclusion of the hour
for the purpose of calling the previous question.
I will say that so far as I am concerned I do
not desire, nor do I understand that the com-
mittee desires, to curtail in the least the debate
upon this question if the House should wish it
to be continued longer than two hours. Upon
the call of the previous question the House will
indicate whether it desires the debate to con-
tinue beyond that limit.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Bumktt] will understand that he
hag no right, to yield the floor for one hour.
If he surrenders the floor, the Chair will recog-
nize for one hour the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] in his own right. The
gentleman from Missouri can, at the conclusion
of the hour, resume the floor for the purpose
of calling the previous question. If that should
be seconded and the main question ordered he
would then be entitled to one hour.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to have the
gentleman send those certificates up to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
Mr. BURDETT. I will yield all of my hour
but the last five minutes to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to come to
an understanding on this matter. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] has asked
for the reading of those certificates. The gen-
tleman from Missouri has given his consent to
have them read, and I should like to have them
read without coming out of my time before I
begin my remarks.
The Clerk read the certificates, as follows:
[L. >:/! THE STATE OP SOUTH CAROLINA.
fCoat of arms.J
Jly the Board of State Canvassers :
To Y\r. D. Simi'Son: „ , ... - .
Whereas m pursuance of an act entitled All dit
providing for the next general election and tne man-
ner of conducting the same," passed on the 20tU day
