1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
US
be done to Mr. Simpson by that omission, as
it is supplied. This certificate which comes
here subsequently is not impeached in any
particular, either as to its legality or as to its
authenticity. But my friend goes further and
says:
" Why this certificate, so clearly provided for, has
been withheld does not appear. Its presence might
and probably would have saved any question or
cavil on the Question of the prima facie right to the
neat now under discussion as well as in another case
of a similar character arising in thai State; but
since that general certificate is in fact but. a tran-
script o f the " certified determination' of the board of
canvassers provided forinsection forty-two, andsince
that paper duly executed and authenticated is pro-
duced, the committeo are of opinion that the absence
of the general certificate should not prejudice the
claims of the district to representation."
That certificate is here produced, and all I
ask of the House is that the House will look
at that certificate and give it the weight which
my friend from Missouri told you when it was
absent it ought to receive if present.
In what particular do these certificates differ?
And that brings me to a direct examination of
the two certificates. Mr. Simpson's certificate,
like every other paper upon which the minority
rely, is in strict accordance with law. Mr.
Wallace's certificate, upon the other hand, docs
not pretend to follow the direction of the law.
It is a certificate of the board after they had
illegally gone into an examination of the merits
of the case. It will be shown that in the very
notice Mr. Wallace served upon Mr. Simpson
at that time he never dreamed that any other
certificate established his prima facie right.
In the notice which he served upon Mr. Simp-
son lie acknowledged him to be elected, and
that notice was dated a long time-—I think
thirty days—after the adjournment of this
board, who issued a duplicate certificate to
Mr. Wallace.
But more than that, the very statement of the
board upon which so much reliance is placed
runs to the merits of the case, for they set
forth and recognize Mr. Simpson as having a
prima fade right:
" The board of commissioners in the discharge of
the duties imposed upon them by law have felt com-
pelled to declare, upon the returns of tho comuiis-
hioners of election, that William D. Simpson has
been prima facie elected to the Forty-First Congress
of the United States as Representative from the
fourth congressional district of the State of South
Carolina."
They say that they have been compelled to
acknowledge that Mr. Simpson has a prima
facie, right to the seat. They never intended
that that statement should be used upon the
prima facie determination of this case. On
the contrary, everything therein contained goes
to show that they intended that that statement
should come to the attention of the House only
when the merits of the question were to be
determined.
In this connection, as the gentleman from
Missouri has ventured in some degree upon
an examination of the merits of the case, I feel
called upon to state what I am authorized to
state, and the authority given to me is open
at any time to any member of this House, and
upon an examination if the case shall be re-
committed to the committee, as I hope it may
be, it will be established by proof.
I am advised to say, if opportunity is given,
that it can be established upon the testimony
of said Cardozo, secretary of State, that the cer-
tificates presented by Hoge and Wallace, and
relied upon by the majority as showing a prima
facie title in favor of Hoge and Wallace, were
not gotten up in his (the secretary of State's)
office or signed by him as an official act, as he
will say under oath; that Hoge and Wallace
called and got from him the blank certificates,
carried them out of his office, and had them
filled up as they appear; that they then re-
turned, sought his signature and obtained it,
without his reading or noticing its contents or
the dates.
And this leads me to state—and I do not
think I violate any of the proprieties of the
committee-room in doing so—that the com-
mittee have already taken steps in that direc
tion to bring these gentlemen here to explain
to the committee and to the House how they
could legally and in accordance with their
duties as prescribed by law sign two sets of
papers. It is very desirable to have that
explained.
I state that he will further say under oath,
if allowed to come here and testify, that he
regarded such signature as unofficial, because
it was beyond the time allowed by law to do
any official act in the premises,.
Now, in the face of all this is the House
prepared to thrust a man in here who never
was elected by the people he claims to repre-
sent here? And not only was he not elected,
but he was beaten by over four thousand votes.
This is a case in which not even the largest
latitude of political disposition will warrant
the party on the other side of the House in
taking the position advocated by the report of
the majority. This officer will swear—and
recollect that it is Mr. Cardozo of whom I am
speaking, the colored secretary of State of
South Carolina—and he ought to be good
authority in this House 
Mr. HOGE. Has the gentlemen the affi-
davit of the secretary of State of South Caro-
lina?
Mr. RANDALL. I stated distinctly that if
the opportunity was given Mr. Cardozo would
prove what I have stated.
Mr. HOGE. Stated by what authority?
Mr. RANDALL. By the authority of offi-
cial letters in my possession, which the gentle-
man can have access to at any time. I hope
that is satisfactory to the, gentleman.
Mr. HOGE. 1 deny that the secretary of
State of South Carolina has ever made any
such statemeut.
Mr. RANDALL. Give us the opportunity
to prove it; it is a question that can be settled
if allowed ; and I will say further that he will
swear that they were gotten up as late as Feb-
ruary, 1809, although bearing date. December
2,1868. (See election law of September, 1868,
sections thirty-four and forty.) He will also
prove that the papers purporting to be a state-
ment of the board of State canvassers on page
20, of document eighteen, in Hoge's case, and
page 14, document seventeen, in Simpson's
case, are without date. That is a remarkable
fact, that the Committee of Elections should
base the admission of Mr. Wallace to a seat in
this House upon a statement of facts that is
without date, which should have been made
within five days in the prima facie case.
Now, sir, if there is anybody to be injured
by that it surely should not be Mr. Simpson.
Mr. Cardozo will testify that these papers were
gotten up in February, 1869, and that he in-
tended to sign them as an individual opinion
and not as an officer of the State.
Mr. Cardozo will also prove that the protest,
called by Mr. Cessna withdrawal, signed by
Neagle, comptroller general, (page 15 of doc-
ument in Simpson's case,) has never been
handed to him or recorded in his office, and that
he never heard of it until he saw it in print.
In accordance with law it should have been
delivered to him and recorded in his office;
without such action it is of no effect, even if it
had been gotten up in time, according to sec-
tion forty-one of the election laws.
Nov/, that is a remarkable statement I would
like to have an opportunity of proving, or have
my distinguished friend from South Carolina
[Mr. Hoge] prove to be untrue if he can. This
statement should have been delivered to and
recorded in the office of the secretary of State
of South Carolina; and without such action it
is of no effect.
And he will further prove that no paper in
regard to the election has ever been recorded
in his office except the certified statement and
determination referred to in section forty-three
of the election laws, and that is the one which
gives Mr. Simpson the prima facie right to a
seat here.
I am further advised that Attorney General
Chamberlain, if brought here, will prove that
the statement and papers in favor of Hose and
Wallace were gotten up long after Reed and
Simpson had been declared elected in accord-
ance with the statute of South Carolina.
There is but one point to wliich I wish to
direct the attention of the House in this con-
nection. It will be remembered that in these
cases of Hoge and Wallace the minority of
the committee presented papers asking for the
removal of the disabilities of Mr. Reed and
Mr. Simpson. A good case in behalf of such
removal was presented, particularly in the case
of Mr. Reed. It was shown that as a resident
of South Carolina he had before the war op-
posed secession, and only accepted the situation
when the action of the State had rendered all
individual opposition hopeless; that he subse-
quently claimed the protection extended by the
amnesty proclamation of President Johnson ;
that in all his speeches he has recommended
to the people of the State cheerful submission
to the laws of Congress; that he has counseled
the most friendly feeling between the whites and
the blacks; yet what consideration have these
facts received at the hands of the Reconstruc-
tion Committee? None! We had a right
to expeet that some action would be taken
on those cases. It is a rather remarkable fact
that one of the gentlemen who sat in judgment
upon this very case is a gentleman who, when
he came here, needed to have his disabilities
removed, and they were removed by congres-
sional act. I approved aud advocated the
removal. I favored the removal of the dis-
abilities of all these people. But, unfortu-
nately for my friends on this side, Mr. Reed's
case lingered in the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, while the case of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Butler] received prompt and
favorable action, to which I certainly did not
object.
Mr. Speaker, I only want the House to keep
in view the main facts in this case ; for if these
facts be properly weighed I am confident this
body cannot do violence to its intelligence by
adopting the resolution reported by the major-
ity of the committee.
Mr. BURR. I do not know whether my
colleague on the committee, [Mr. Bfrbett,]
who reported the resolutions of the majority,
intends to call the previous question at the end
of the hour; but I trust I shall have a liberal
opportunity to present my views on this case.
In what I may have to say, in the first instance,
I will not rehearse the point that has been made
upon the law of South Carolina-by my friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] but will
remark that in obedience to those several laws
of South Carolina with reference to elections
several acts are to be done by the State officers,
each successive one in the series being based
upon the authenticity of the act preceding. The
first requirement is for a canvass of the votes
of the several districts by counties. That is to
be certified to a board of examiners indicated
under the statute of South Carolina, whose
duties, as pointed out by the statute, are to
assemble on some day prior to the 15th of
December, compare the results, certify to them,
and declare them in two formal modes: first,
by publication in a newspaper, showing the
result arrived at in their comparison of votes
returned; and second, by a general declaration
based upon that published result. Upon the
1st day of December they officially published
in the paper to which my friend alluded their
determination that the result of the canvass
was, as given in that paper, avote of 9,807 for
Mr. Wallace and avote of 14,098 for Mr. Simp-
son. That, the first official act of that board
on this question, bears date December 1,1868.
The succeeding step by the same board is to be
based upon this first step already published by
them.
Let me remark, by way of parenthesis, that
the official existence of that board is by the
very law creating it limited to a period of fivo
