1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
tied and decided under the operation of the
previous question, without discussion, before
our adjournment in March last, the same prin-
ciple was involved, but as the case was not
discussed before the House, nor the points
involved therein presented, I assume that the
House did not intend by its action therein to
reverse the rule which has been heretofore uni-
versally applied, that the disqualification of
one man shall not inure to the benefit of the
contesting party. Itis admitted in the minority
report, and is the unanimous finding of the
committee, that Mr. Simpson is ineligible un-
der the third section of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States.
Therefore, under the direction of this House,
his claims are not now to be immediately con-
sidered.
But that is not to afford any reason why Mr.
Wallace should occupy the seat to which Mr.
Simpson was elected, unless the House adopts
the conclusion which i3 furnished to their
hands ready made by this statement of the
board of State canvassers, who assumed to
withdraw their official sanction to the papers
presented.
Now, what do the board of State canvassers
say, in the discharge of the duties imposed
upon them by law, in reference to the prima
facie case? That is the point upon which the
House is to declare. You are not now called
upon to decide whether the one or the other
of these claimants shall be admitted as having
the ultimate right to a seat here upon final
decision of merits, but only as to the prima
facie case. Now these canvassers say, while
they have been compelled to declare upon the
prima facie evidence that William D. Simp-
son was elected, yet they say in addition that
the election was irregular; and then they come
to the conclusion which is sought to be fas-
tened upon this House. They say: "'The
board of State canvassers, while not deeming
themselves legally competent to give final
judgment unon the question therein involved
that is, as to the effect of the disqualification
of Mr. Simpson, "we do submit that if such
disqualification in fact exists, then the election
of Mr. Simpson is wholly illegal and void."
It is illegal and void in their estimation upon
the assumption of a certain state of fact3.
Now, what is that? That Mr. Simpson is
personally disqualified from holding the office.
What is the conclusion ? That in consequence
thereof; that is, in consequence of Mr. Simp-
son's ineligibility, Mr. Wallace—who received
a majority of the votes cast? No. Who was
duly elected? No. Who received any given
number of votes? No. But that Mr. A. S.
Wallace, " who received the next highest num-
ber of votes, is legally entitled to occupy the
seat." That is what they said, and said in
behalf of Mr. Wallace.
These men are all Republicans, their own
party friends, placed there because they wore
party friends, certifying here because they were
party friends ; and assuming to undo a legally
authorized and public act of the people, they
say Mr. Wallace received the next highest
number of votes to Mr. William D. Simpson.
They conclude that in that state of fact the
ineligibility of the one inures to the eligibility
of the other, and makes him admissible to a
seat here.
If this House shall seat A. S. Wallace to-day
as the Representive-elect from that district it
will do so upon the same assumption that the
disqualification of Simpson shall secure the
election of Wallace, who received the next
highest number of votes. Ana when gentie-
men take that position and declare that doctrine
and settle that as a rule of proceeding to be
hereafter observed in this House, how easy
it will be to defeat the will of the people, how
dangerous a precedent. You will ^ have no
limit to its application. A man may ne jeaten
at the polls four thousand votes, but if he has
the next highest number to the successful but
disqualified candidate ho will be received.
There may be twenty or forty thousand votes
cast for the one, and only five, or even but one,
for the other, yet he wili be elected if, as in
this case, the one receiving the greater number
of votes shall happen to be disqualified from
taking the seat. Now I would say to gentle-
men who are laboring here to establish this
precedent to understand that they are thereby
declaring this to be the doctrine to be hereafter
observed in this House.
Now, I will for a moment call attention to the
question whether these parties can legally re-
voke what they have done in investigating this
case and declaring publicly the result of their
investigation. As I remarked at the outset,
there are several successive steps to be taken,
and each step is to be based upon the one pre-
ceding.
The first step was on the 1st of December.
That was the examination and the publication
in the newspaper. Although the paper is dated
on the 5th day of December, which was within
their term of office, yet this public statement
of the result of their examination is dated on
the 1st day of December, and gives the result
by precincts in the several districts, the result
in the fourth district being, as I have stated,
14,098 votes for Mr. Simpson and 9,807 votes
for Mr. Wallace.
Now, the next official step must be in con-
sonance with that. It was in consonance with
it. Those officers certified that Simpsonwas
elected ; they returned to the secretary of State
that he was elected. In each case they returned
the vote. Thus far, each step followed its
predecessor regularly, and was based upon it.
When the Governor issues his final certificate
it is based upon a summing up of all the pre-
ceding acts of these officers, three of the four
officers joining in all these official acts.
Then, sir, as I have shown, after the expira-
tion of their term of office, one of them, Mr.
Neagle, assumes to withdraw his sanction from
that proceeding, saying that he did not con-
sider it correct. What is the date of his with
drawal? for this is a material question. Sir,
like the statement of these parties united, it
has no date ; and this fact gives rise to the
supposition that its date would have been fatal
to the case he is trying to make out if any cor-
rect date were given. But what does he say ?
He says that he withdraws his name because
he believes, and he adds.lie knows, that the
election was based upon fraud ; that it was a
monstrosity ; that the legal voice of the people
was suppressed at the polls. Suppose that be
true, it is a matter which must be investigated
on a hearing of the case upon its merits, not
upon the primafacie case; for these cauyassers
have themselves declared that upon an invest-
igation of the prima facie case they have felt
compelled to declare the result in favor of
William D. Simpson and against A. S.Wallace.
Upon that point. Mr. Nea?le has no right to
withdraw his action.
But, sir, upon another point based on -the
law he has no right to withdraw. What is the law
as to the fact o'f these successive steps being
based one upon the other ? I will read section
thirty-eight:
"38. Upon such statements they shall then pro-
ceed to determine and declare what persons have
boon by the greatest number of votes duly elected
to such offices, or either of them." ^
Upon such statements ; that is, those consti-
tuting the two immediately preceding steps.
And right here I would point out a very mate-
rial difference between the two sets of certifi-
cates. One of the certificates declares, follow-
ing the very language of the statute, that Wil-
liam D. Simpson was "duly elected." The
other certifies that it appears upon investiga-
tion that A. S. Wallace has received the
greatest number of legal votes, saying nothing
about the number of votes given in either ease.
! Bntfurtherthissamelawprovidesasfollows:
I "4L The Secretary of State shall record in his
i office, in a book to be kept by him for that purpose,
I each certified statement and determination which
1 shall be delivered to lnm by the board of btate ciui-
1 vasssers"—-
What else ?
"and every dissent or protest that shall have been
delivered to him by a canvasser."
Now, sir, here arises a material question.
If this action of Mr. Neagle be regarded as a
dissent or protest it should go upon that record,
and be forwarded by the secretary of State to
this House for its consideration. A protest or
dissent to be spread upon the official records
emanates invariably from a minority who
refuse to join the majority in their proposed
action : it never comes from a majority who
have themselves performed the action. In this
House, after an affirmative vote by a majority,
who ever heard of the very men who took that
affirmative action coming in and asking to put
on the record a dissent or a protest against
their own action? Dissent or protest is the
right of the minority. These men have not
filed any such protest. They could not do, it;
the law did not permit them to do it. But if
Mr. Neagle had not joined in the first certifi-
cate he might have come in as a minority and
put his protest upon the record, and it/would
have received due consideration.
But, again, I hold that the several and suc-
cessive acts of these men who were organized
as a board of State canvassers are ministerial;
that it is for them to determine facts by au
examination of the returns, upon determining
the facts to make publication; upon making
publication to certify to the State officers, who
are to declare by general statement the result
of the facts so canvassed and determined by
the board. That is their duty, and that only.
That duty is ministerial. It has been per-
formed, and by lapse of time the power vested
in them has exhausted itself, and anything done
afterward by the same men in the same direc-
tion would be entitled to no official sanction.
And again, sir, the manner of their at-
tempted withdrawal is against them. If it be
true, sir, that these men were endeavoring to
meet a point fairly made in a fair and impar-
tial manner they should have marched up to
the record and put themselves before the House
and the country in asserting certain facts bear-
ing upon this prima facie case.
But why waste time on a prima facie case ?
They admit that this man Simpson is by the
prima facie evidenc® entitled to this seat, and
as I have heretofore said, if Mr. Wallace be
permitted on the prima facie right to occupy
the seat, it will be only because the House
will decide that on account of Simpson's in-
eligibility the party having the next number
of votes should have the seat, and in doing so
the House will reverse all of its previous
action in like cases and set a precedent for the
future which will be fatal to the people's right
of representation, destructive of our system of
government, because tending to disintegration
and anarchy, and a disgrace to the records of
this House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUKDETT. I will now yield to the
gentleman from Wisconsin for the purpose of
offering a resolution.
NEW YORK CONTESTED-ELECTION CASH.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I venture to
trespass upon the time of the House to offer a
resolution which it is absolutely necessary, if
available at all, that we should pass to-day. I
am directed by the Committee of Elections to
recommend to the House the adoption of the
resolution which I now send to the Clerk's
desk. I will state that if it gives rise to debate,
which I hope it will not, I shall feel bound to
withdraw the resolution for the present.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas in the contested-election ease of an
Wyck vs. Greene, from the eleventh district otWcw
York, the Committee of Hlections have decided that
the returns of the election othcers
cincts of Hauiptonburg, the firstdistrict of Nowburg,
and tho first district of Groshen do not furm.li reli-
able evidence of the vote of said precincts and ought
to be reiected; and whereas the specifications ol tho
contestant did not give to the sitting member or.to
the voters of said preoincts such .clear and preeiso
notice of a demand for the rejection of said returns
