748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
January 25,
as would conclude their right to prove the lawful
votes actually cast therein for the respective candi-
dates : Therefore,
JResolved, That for the purpose of making proof of
the actual vote lawfully cast in said precincts the
parties to said contest are hereby authorized to take
testimony during the month of February. 1^70—the
contestant from the 1st to the 7th, and from the 15th
to the 21st days inclusive ef said month; and the sit-
ting member from the 8th to the 14th, and from the
22d to the28thdaysinclusiveof eaidm,onth—and that
each party shall give the other at least throe days'
notice of the time and place of taking testimony;
and that each j>arty shall within ten days after the
adoption of this resolution servo upon the other a
list of the names of persons admitted by him to have
lawfully voted for the respective candidates in said
several precincts.
Mr. LAFLIN. I object
election contest wallace vs. simpson.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will yield to me to enter a motion to
recommit.
Mr. BUBDETT. Not at this time. I will
now yield for ten minutes to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania who is a member of the
committee.
Mr. CESSNA. I am not at all sure in the
space of ten minutes I can throw any additional
light upon the report of the committee. In my
judgment there are but two points in this case,
and if either one b,e sustained it is sufficient for
my vote. While I frankly admit under the
ruling of the past the ground of the first prop-
osition would not be sufficient cause, on that
I differ with the majority of the committee.
The following are the first seven grounds of
contest on the part of Mr. "Wallace :
"1. I charge-that you, "William I). Simpson, were
a member of the General Assembly of the State of
South Carolina during the years A. 1). 185S and 1859,
and that before taking your seat asamember of said
General Assembly you took an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States of America.
" 2. That in the year A. D.lStiOyouweroamembei-
oftheGeneral Assembly ofthe State of South Carolina
that called the convention to frame the ordinance of
secession lor the State of South Carolina, and that
yon voted for the calling of said convention.
"3. That in the year A. D. 1861 you voluntarily en-
tered the army of the so-called confederate States
of America as a commissioned officer, (major find
afterward lieutenant colonel.) and served in said
capacity until the year A. I). 1863, and as such officer
you took an oath to support the constitution of the
so-called confederate States of America.
" 4. That on the 28th day of January, A. D. 1864, you
were commissioned as a member of the congress of
the so-called confederate States of America from the
fourth congressional district of South Carolina, to fill
an unexpired term; that on the 15th day of February,
A. 1). 1864, you were again commissioned as a mem-
ber of said congress from said district, and served in
^aid capacity until the close of the late civil war;
that as a member of said congress you took an oath
to support the constitution of the so-called confed-
erate States of America.
"5. Thatassaid oliicerin the army of the so-called
confederate States of America you engaged in open
insurrection and rebellion against the Government
of the United States of America, and that as said
member of congress of the so-called confederate
States of America you gave aid and comfort to the
enemies thereof.
** 6. That during the period from the year A. D. 1860
to the year 1865, at different times and in different
places, you made speeches in favor of the rebellion,
and urged the men of South Carolina to enter the
army ot the so-called confederate States, and in a
number of other and different ways gave aid and
comfort to the enemies of the United States; and that
you are still opposed to the Government of the Uni-
ted States and to the reconstruction acts of Congress.
" 7. That you were disqualified from holding any
office of trust or profit, either State or Federal, at the
time you were voted tor as a candidate for Congress
from the fourth congressional district, State of South
Carolina, on the 3d day of November, A.D. 1868, and
that you are still so disqualified for the causes and
reasons herein stated, and that it was known to the
electors in said fourth congressional district at the
time they voted for you as a candidate for Congress
from said-district that you were ineligible to said
office."
Iu answer to these charges, seven in number,
his opponent fully and frankly admits them all,
as will be seen on the next page of the testi-
mony in the case, over his own signature.
Now, I say that a large majority of the
authorities in England are in favor of this
position, that when there are two or more can-
didates before the people, and electors cast
votes forone of the candidates with the knowl-
edge that he is disqualified for holding the
office to which he aspires, then the election
shall go for the candidate who has the next
highest number of votes, and the votes given
for the party disqualified shall be considered
as blanks. I freely concede that majorities in
this House on former occasions have decided
otherwise.
The next point in the ease, which to my
mind is conclusive on this question, is this:
the House will observe that the committee has
not reported on the merits of this case, on the
ground that the final right to this seat does
not depend on the prima facie question as to
which received the greatest number of legal
votes. All we have to do is to decide who
shall take the seat prima facie; and the large
majority of the committee, as regards that
point, have agreed to the report which now lies
on your table. The only legal question, then, in
the case remaining to be decided upon is this:
have the board of canvassers at an election in
South Carolina, or in any State in this Union,
a right to reconsider and revoke their action,
when once had, as regards giving certificates
of election ? That is the whole case in a nut-
shell. The law of every State establishes a
board of canvassers; in some States consisting
of a single individual, in some of two individ-
uals, in some of three, and in South Carolina
of four. The law provides when and where
and how this board of canvassers shall meet;
and the whole question of the validity of this
election is submitted by the law of South Car-
olina to this board of canvassers, and in this
case the majority of them acted.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. CESSNA. I cannot yield a moment
when I have but ten minutes altogether. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] has
twice occupied the floor already. I should
have pleasure in yielding to him, howevei', if
I could; but my time is almost out, and if I
allow the gentleman to take the floor there will
be no time left to me to complete what I wish
to place before the House.
Now, I wish to state a fact, and if I do not
state it correctly the gentleman who will have
the floor after me can correct me. I admit
that three of these men granted a certificate to
Mr. Simpson ; but the law officer of the State,
the attorney general, never signed that certifi-
cate. And I say that upon the very same day
the whole board, including the law officer of
the State of South Carolina, revoked that cer-
tificate and declared it null and void, and
issued another to Mr. Wallace.
I say that on a former occasion the return
judges of Pennsylvania made out and issued a
certificate to Mr. Butler. The Governor re-
versed their action, and issued another to Mr.
Lehman. This House sustained the action of
the Governor, audadiuitted the gentleman who
had the second certificate. In the case of Mor-
ton vs. Daily the first certificate was issued
to one of the candidates. The Governor after-
ward revoked that certificate and granted
another to the other candidate. The House,
then Democratic, sustained the second certifi-
cate, and acknowledged the right of revocation
in such a case. This board of canvassers re-
voked the first certificate and issued another
for reasons which were satisfactory to them-
selves, and which I should like to read to the
House if I had time.
The reasons were for them, and whether
those reasons were good or bad has nothing
to do with the prima facie settlement of this
case. The tribunal established by the law of
South Carolina to pass upon this question, and
the only tribunal which had a right to examine
and decide it, have examined and decided it,
and so far as respects the prima facie right to
the seat we are bound by that decision. When
we come to examine the case upon its merits and
to determine whether the vote of certain coun-
ties was properly or improperly excluded from
the count by the board of State canvassers of
South Carolina, then will be the time to de-
termine whether they were rightly or improp-
erly rejected ; and it is this that influences my
mind in coming to the conclusion at which I
have arrived, taken in connection with the
other question: because I say that it is the best-
established rule of law that votes cast for a
man who is disqualified, and who, is known to
the people of his district to be disqualified,
count for nothing, and that the man'who re-
ceived- the next highest number of votes is
■elected. If. ever there wasa time in the his-
tory of this country or of any country when that
ought to be laid down as the rule, now is the
day. and now is the time. We Have never had
in any former time in this country a similar
state of things existing.
[Here the hammer fell, J
Mr. BURDETT resumed the floor.
Mr. KERR. WiH the gentleman from Mis-
souri yield to me for a few minutes 1
Mr. BURDETT. I would do so with pleasure
but I have promised all the time I have left to
other gentlemen. I now yield to the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Bowen] for five
minutes.
Mr. BO WEN. Mr. Speaker, I am surprised
to hear gentleman upon the other side talk in
this discussion about the "outrage" which
would be committed in giving Mr. Wallace the
prima facie right to the seat here. I am sur-
prised to hear gentlemen make this statement
when it is charged, and not only charged but
proved, here by witnesses, that 7,300 Repub-
lican voters were by force of arms excluded
from the polls in this fourth congressional dis-
trict of South Carolina. Talk not of outrages
being committed when you have evidence of
the organization which existed to defeat the
Republican party of South Carolina. The
Democrats came home from the New York
convention with the avowed determination to
carry the State for Seymour and Blair, who had
been nominated there. It was statements like
these which made the difficulty in the fourth
congressional district of South Carolina: the
gentleman who claimed the seat which Mr.
Hoge now occupies, from the third congres-
sional district of South Carolina, in a speech
delivered by him in Columbia, South Carolina,
in accepting the nomination as the Democratic
candidate for Congress from the third congres-
sional district, said:
*'If the Republican party should carry the elec-
tions of the States of Pennsylvania,Ohio, Indiana, and
Bomeofthe other larger States, held in October next,
the colored people might have the audacity andim-
Sudenceto attempt to vote as they please; but iu my
i3trict [referring to the third congressional district]
the negroes shall voto the Democratic ticket or they
shall not vote at all."
That is the reason why A. S. Wallace comes
here and asks for the seat; it is because the
constituency of this fourth congressional dis-
trict were not allowed to exercise the rights
which are guarantied to them by the Constitu-
tion of the united States and by the constitution
of South Carolina. That is the difficulty.
Let us reverse the case for a moment, and
suppose that Mr. Simpson was not under dis-
abilities, and that he came here and declared
that the colored people of South Carolina had
prevented the Democracy from going to the
polls and casting 7,000 votes ; what would my
friends upon the other side say?
These are facts, and facts, let it be remem-
bered, that have not been controverted and
that cannot be controverted. But there is one
thing more that I wish to say in explanation.
This was almost the first election at which the
colored people had voted in the State of South
Carolina. Everything was resorted to on the
part of the Democratic party that could be
resorted to to get up a disturbance, so as to
create sympathy in the northern States and to
carry Ohio and Pennsylvania against the Re-
publican party. We held the colored people
in check and made them submit to outrages
such as were never submitted to before by a
free people, in order that it might not be said
that the colored people who had been lately
enfranchised in South Carolina were disposed to
take any improper advantage of their new rights.
