187Q.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
T6S
Free immigration for the Chinaman is not
all that is advocated by some of our most dis-
tinguished statesmen. They claim for him the
right to come, to peacefully domicile, and ac-
quire property in our midst. They have also
offered many inducements to stimulate his
coming. Among these is their promise of a
free education ; yes, by solemn treaty, the
Federal Government promises that if all China
comes to our shores the people of California
shall be taxed to educate them.
The Federal Government and the Chinese
empire make a trade by which China is to be
entitled to control our school system for the
State. They say to our people if you have any
schools for the education of your own children
you shall have the same for the education of
the Chinese hordes to come. Your public
schools shall be free to all Chinamen as to
yourselves, and your children shall sit on the
same benches with them, and you and they
shall be equal in all things, except you shall
educate them from your own pockets.
But let me show the positions of some of our
most distinguished Senators with regard to
Chinese immigration and citizenship:
Senator Williams having up his anti-coolie,
anti-Chinese harlot bill, the following proceed-
ings, as reported in the Globe of December
23, 1809, took place:
"Mr. "Williams. Mr. President, representa-
tions have been made that this bill was intended to
prohibit altogether the immigration of Chinese into
the United States. I wish to corrcct that impression
by referring to section six of the bill, which provides."
Now, the Senator's bill is good as far as it
goes, and his intentions are good so far as he
goes in the right direction. But he stops with
the coolies and harlots, and advocates Chinese
immigration. What can be worse for him and
for the country ?
Senator Howard says:
"It is not unlawful for an American to make a
contract with an Indian, even in Canada or else-
where out of the limits of the United States, for the
service of peibons employed in the United States.
There is no law and never has been a law, so far as 1"
know, prohibiting such contracts. If they are fairly
and honorably entered into they are as binding as
any other contracts, and I should like to know how
it has happened that the Chinese, with whom wo
have just entered into a treaty of friendship and
commerce, are to be excluded from the right which
is enjoyed by the people ot all other nations of the
earth, and even by our own aborigines. The right of
individual immigration into the United States, I
notice, is preserved by the bill. That is all well
enough. I have no fault to find with that; but I do
object to a discrimination against the whole popula-
tion of China, such as is embraced in this bill. I
think it incompatible with the spirit of our treaty
with China, and unkind and unfair."
It will be seen this honorable Senator is not
only in favor of free immigration, but also of
the coolie trade.
Mr. Pomkiioy said:
"Mr. President, I am for the suppression of the
slave trade, and I am for thesuppression of this trade
if it is aslave trade; but I am not for discriminating
against persons who propose to become American
citizens, whether they are white or black, whether
they arc from China or from Africa."
The distinguished Senator is in favor of the
coolie trade unless it should happen to be the
slave trade, which he seems to doubt, and fur-
ther he is in favor of all China and all Africa
becoming citizens of the United States if they
desire to do so.
Senator Stewart said:
"I should like further to suggest to the Committee
on Commerce that while they have this matter under
consideration they ought to examine the police reg-
ulations that California has made. She imposes a tax
of five dollars a head on allimmigrants from China,
which 1 think is an untair and aiscnminating tax
against them. I think it a subject that Congress
ought to consider, and Congress should make such
police regulations as will be in harmony with our
treaty stipulations with China and prevent Califor-
nia from imposing any undue or unreasonable bur-
dens upon these people, and afc the same time she
Should be properly protected from importation of
Chinese; not from immigration of Chinese.^for I do
not apprehend there is any danger in that direction.
" I simply meant to refer to the general subject,
and to say that we ought to hare polico regulations
by the United States, and that it should be inquired
into whether California by her laws is interlering
with our treaty stipulations."
I take it that in tliis the honorable Senator's
bugle-horn has blasted in a call for a grand
charge in the reconstruction of California.
What matricide for the honorable Senator to
blow his blasted horn against the mother whose
special pet he was ; who cherished him "as a
darling flower," and wept golden tears in her
anxious care for his creature comforts long,
long years ago, and until now. She weeps !
It will be seen the honorable Senator is in
favor of Chinese immigration, but he goes
further than that. On the 4th of July last
he made a speech at Oakland, California, in
which he decreed Chinese suffrage ; so I am
informed.
Inquire into the police regulations of Cali-
fornia, indeed 1 See whether that State lias
not passed some law contravening some sup-
posed treaty. Can the Congress of the United
States control the police regulations of a State 1
Is the Congress going to assume judicial
powers and examine and declare null and void
State legislation? Have we come to that so
soon that a Senator of the United States can
propose to take all legislative power away from
the States and all judicial power from the
courts ? This comes from a Senator of great
power and influence, great intellect and culti-
vation; one who rules in three States and more
Territories, and sways public opinion by the
utterance of words. Should we not feel alarm
when he takes a false position ?
It is well known here that a large majority
of both Houses of Congress are favorable (o
universal manhood suffrage ; but it is hard to
convince the sober, thoughtful citizen that a
majority of Congress could ever be induced to
poison our country with Chinese suffrage.
But let us see if we really are in danger;
and for this purpose I must use authority here-
tofore made veiy familiar in California.
When the fifteenth amendment was before
the Senate Senator Coubett offered the follow-
ing amendment to the resolution :
"But Chinamen not born in theUnitedStates, and
Indians not taxed, shall not bo deemed or mado
citizens."
In the discussion of the pending question
Senator Yates said:
"I wish to inform the Senator that it seems to me
on this very day, by a vote of twenty-four to nine-
teen, we have declared that thereshall bono restric-
tion upon suffrage on account of race, color, intelli-
gence, education, or property. So the Senator from
Wisconsin is right in saying that the party is com-
mitted to universal suffrage, pure and simple."—-
Globe, vol. 72, p. 1031-32.
Senator Morton said:
"As the naturalization laws now stand Chinamon
cannot bo naturalized ; but I believe the word whito
will be stricken from the naturalization laws. I
believe that it will be consistent and will bo harmo-
nious with tho condition of things in this country
after the adoption of this amendment for impartial
suffrage that the word whito shall be stricken from
our naturalization laws." (See (/lobe, 72, p. 1031.)
Senator Sumner said:
" I content myself for tho present with saying that
the word whito should bo struck from tho statute-
book. That is necessary to bring our laws andinsti-
tutionsinharmony with tho Declaration oflndopend-
ence.
"And now, as to the practical value of a bill strik-
ing out the word white. The discussion thus far has
had in mind only tho Chinese; but allow me to re-
mind Senators who havo pressed the Chinese so
constantly upon our consideration that thoro is
another race, the African race, which cannot be na-
turalized in the United States. No African coming
from Cuba, from San Domingo, from Ilayti, under
the existing naturalization laws can become a cit-
izen. Is that right? Is it not a grievance?" (Seo
Globe, vol. 72, p. 1034.
Senator Cameron said:
" I am in favor of the position of the Senator from
Massachusetts, because it invites into our country
everybody; the negro, tho Irishman, tho German,
the Frenchman, the Scotchman, the Englishman,
and the Chinaman. I will welcome every man. Wo
might just ns well say that the Irishman who comes
to Pennsylvania, and New York, and Indiana, and
Illinois, and Iowa, and makes the canals and rail- !
roads which have enriched these States, should be
prevented from becoming citizcns." (Globe, 72, page
1036.)
Senator Trumbull said:
"I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
When we aic striving to amend the Constitution of
the United States upon the great principle of secur-
ing equal rights to all, it seems to me to be very in-
consistent with that action to insert a clause that
the people of the most populous portion of the globe
are to be excluded from the provision. When we
are declaring that the Hottentots • and cannibals
from Africa shall have the right to vote and to hold
office, it seems to mo paradoxical to insert a clause
that citizens of the oldest empire of the earth, citi-
zens from that country which, in many respects,
excels any other country on the face of the glooe in
the arts and sciences, among whose population are
to be found the most learned and eminent scholars
in the world, shall be excluded." (See Globe, 72,
page 1036.)
The Hottentots and cannibals from Africa
and the Chinamen must all vote and bold office.
A Chinese President, Hottentot Senate, canni-
bal House of Representatives, and a judiciary
presided over by the pet lambs from San Do-
mingo would insure tranquillity, prosperity,
and happiness at home and shed luster upon
our name abroad, even far away at the court
of Madrid.
These gentlemen are oracles in the land, and
their positions establish the fact that among the
most influential Senators are found the friends
of Chinese suffrage- The danger is absolutely
threatening and should be met and warded off
while it may.
But more ; on the 22d of March last the fol-
lowing proceedings were had in the House:
"Mr. Johnson. I ask unanimous consent of the
House to offer the following resolution.
" The Clork read as follows:
" llesolved. That in passing the resolution for the
fifteenth amendment to tho Constitution of the Uni-
ted States this House never intended that Chinese
or Mongolians should bccome voters.
"Mr. Johnson. 1 demand tho previous question
on tho adoption of that resolution.
"Mr. Kklsey. The resolution is not before tho
Houso. I objcct to its introduction.
"Mr. Johnson. I move to suspond tho rules for
the introduction of the resolution.
" Mr. Binoiiam. I move to lay tho resolution on
the table.
"The Speaker. That motion is not in order, as
the resolution is not yet before the House.
"Mr. Johnson. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend tho rules.
"Mr. Maynard. I ask the gentleman from Cali-
fornia whether he contemplates this shjill take tho
form of an amendment to the Constitution?
" Mr. Johnson. No, sir.
"Mr. Maynard. Thon I suggest that tho passage
of this resolution by tho Iiouso will have no effect.
Tho amendment to the Constitution does includo
them or docs not includo them.
"Mr. Johnson. As tho gentleman from Tennes-
see has been permitted to ask a jiuestion, I hope I
shall be indulged while I answer it.
" Mr. Eldkidoe. I objcct to discussion."
On this resolution, declaring plainly and
unmistakably that, Chinamen shall not become
voters, one hundred and six honorable mem-
bers took the side of the Chinaman against
their own countrymen, who had but forty-two
honorable members to stand by and defend
them. So the resolution was not received, and
to-day, not only by this vote but in many other
ways, two thirds of this House stands commit-
ted to Chinese suffrage. It will be seen that
gentlemen ofgreat influence led off herein favor
of the Chinaman as a voter, and that they were
thrown into an agonizing flurry because of their
fear that some unfriendly remark might be mado
abont their dear friend, the noble John. Jt is
not true, as these gentleman seem to think—I
feel justified in saying I am certain it is not
true—that the Chinaman is their equal. No,
no; the Chinaman is not fit to associate with
them. If the action of the distinguished gen-
tlemen signify anything whatever, it is that their
deliberate intention is fixed to establish Chinese
suffrage if the fifteenth amendmentshould ever
be declared adopted.
Then, how can any lover of his country ask
for free Chinese immigration, which is Chinese
citizenship and Chinese suffrage? Dtf gentle-
men know what Chinese suffrage means in Cal-
ifornia? It means a condition of things hor-
rible to contemplate.
But, finally, the white man might be over-
powered ; the Federal G-everriraent and the
Chinese Empire might be too strong for the
people. I pray God never to see the experi-
ment of Chinese suffrage tried in this country.
Still it appears possible and even probable that
it may be. The bare possibility of such a thing
