1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
757
tribution of Representatives to come in at the
convening of the Forty-second Congress.
With great respect for gentlemen who arrive
at the conclusion that an apportionment of Rep-
resentatives cannot be secured within the time
indicated without meeting with stupendous and
extraordinary obstacles, I differ with them en-
tirely. When their objections are examined I
think they will be found, to a great extent, un-
sound and visionary. In cases where it would
seem injudicious and unwise for the present
to attempt any new formation of congressional
districts the election of additional members of
Congress could be provided for by general
ticket. And is it not also certain thatthe Legis-
latures of various States thatare now in session,
and that will continue in session for several
weeks, might obviate many difficulties and save
much expense by passing such laws as would
authorize the Governors of such States, in the
proper contingencies, to proclaim that one or
more additional Representatives would be
elected on general ticket at the next regular
election for members of the national House of
Representatives. In States where it appeared
clear there would be no change in the number
of Representatives, there would be no neces-
sity of any new action whatever.
And now, while at this point of undiminished
representation, I would ask whether it is not
the fact that a majority of those who start out
with such determined opposition to a redis-
tribution preparatory to the election of the
next Congress first conceived their hostility in
the fear that their States would suffer a loss in
the number of Representatives? To intimate
even the idea that any of them are controlled
by dim visions of "departed greatness," or
that "the places that know them now will
know them no more forever," would be unkind
and ungenerous. I will not, therefore, make
any such allegation against them. I would,
upon the other hand, try to moderate their
objections by meeting them upon a basis which
they at least cannot oppose with any degree of
consistency, and that is, while in justice there
must be a material increase in the representa-
tion of several of the States there should be
no decrease in the representation of any State.
It is true there could be no reasonable ground
of complaint on the part of a number of the
States even though they did lose upon a new
apportionment. The fact that their population
had decreased while that of other States had
largely increased could but be set down as a
political misfortune to them while resulting in
the good fortune and ad vancem ent of the latter.
Various States have heretofore been under the
necessity of having their representation dimin-
ished, and were this thing repeated it would
only afford another proof that l-epresentation
was intended to be distributed according to
"x'espective numbers."
I am well aware this position against a de-
crease, if possible, in the representation of any
State involves a decided increase in the number
of members at present constituting the national
House of Representatives, but I am very san-
guine that anything like a full examination of
the subject will produce the conviction that
"the end fully justifies the means."
In the first place, m a republican Govern-
ment like our own, the right of representation
is the chief corner-stone of the entire system.
No fact was more fully recognized than this
when the fabric of our political system was
being framed by the convention of 1787. This
right, is just as sacred and inviolable at this
hour as when our ancestors proclaimed it at
Philadelphia to be "a right inestimable to
them and formidable to tyrants only." A
marked difference between the Constitution as
it existed before the late rebellion and as it
exists now is that antecedent to that event a
very large number were excluded in the gen-
eral count for the basis of representation that
are now intended by the true meaning and pur-
pose ofthfs Constitution, as it has been amended,
to be included. On this rock of the Constitu-
tion, then, the friends of popular and rightful
representation plant themselves. The people
of the United States in their sovereign capacity
have solemnly decreed by writing it in their
organic law that—
" Representatives shall be apportioned among tho
several States according to their respective numbers,
counting the whole number of persons in each State
excluding Indians not taxed."
When any State, however, shall assume the
grave responsibility of refusing to any of her
inhabitants twenty-one years of age, and who
are citizens of the United States, the right to
vote except for certain offenses named in the
fourteenth amendment, then, and then alone,
must this " inestimable right of representation "
be abridged. This severe penalty is meant
to be inflicted upon all States that deprive any
portion of their inhabitants, as specified, of
one of the most cherished privileges of an Amer-
ican citizen.
This new amendment to the Constitution, it
should be kept in mind, was formally pro-
claimed as duly ratified as long ago as the 20th
of J uly, 18G8, and from that day to the present
has stood just as much a part of the original
instrument as any one, and all of the articles
that went into practical operation on the 30th
of April, 1789. Congress and the country have
had notice of this amendment for near a year
and a half, and, in view of the taking of a new
census, it becomes an imperative and positive
duty to apply it and carry it out in good faith.
It was not intended to be rendered practically
obsolete by lying dormant or held in abeyance
until after the selection of the Forty-Second
Congress. And then, too, there seems to be
new significance to this matter when that por-
tion of the Constitution so often quotsd is re-
examined, declaring that "tho United States
shall guaranty to every State in the Union a
republican form of government." How can a
truly republican government, under the new
and correct interpretation of the instrument, be
guarantied to a State until that State is given
her full and just representation in the national
Legislature? If ever the term guarantee
could be regarded as pertinent and applicable
in any particular case above another, it appears
to me it is to be found in this overshadowing
duty of securing governments to Statesfounded
on a republican basis.
And now, with regard to the justice and sound
policy of a very material increase in the num-
ber of Representatives there cannot certainly
exist a doubt. The benefits and blessings of
the General Government were not intended by
any invidious or unfair distinctions to be lav-
ished more upon any particular section than
upon another. Every State and every locality
should have equal opportunities and advan-
tage according to the extent of their numbers
ill the common benefits arising from the para-
mount authority. Tho want of political influ-
ence and power is felt more and more in every
locality as our country advances in physical
development and increases in population.
The great increase in numbers since the
taking of the last census and the making of the
last apportionment has given new strength to
the policy of enlarging representation in the
popular branch of Congress. The conviction
now appears to be very general with men of
experience and observation that the next census
will demonstrate our entire population to be at
least forty millions.
According to the census of 18(50, calculating
all free persons and "three fifths of allothers,"
the population of the United States amounted
to 29,553,107. The House of Representatives
is at present composed of two hundred and
forty-one members, which would make the
Representative ratio 122,027. This ratio is far
greater than any other ever established in the
history of the Government, while it is evident
the duties devolving upon a Representative
have largely increased in every respect. Many
gentlemen upon this floor ean testify to the con-
stant but very natural demand made upon them
for attention to various matters not directly
connected with legislation.
It is a problem of no small import to be
solved by statesmanship whether the present
ratio can be enlarged without proving in many
respects detrimental to the general interests of
the country. In other words, is not 122,627
inhabitants about as many as one Representa-
tive can faithfully represent under the present
system of representation and the condition
of public affairs now existing and likely to
exist for several years to come? But it must
be admitted that this ratio, upon the hypothesis
our population will reach forty millions at the
taking of the coming census, would bring into
the House a larger increase of representation
than public sentiment would at once be pre-
pared for. While a large increase of Bepre-
sentatives is therefore plainly and most urgently
required, the placing of the number at three
hundred during the continuance of the ninth
decade would satisfy, with some show of jus-
tice, the growing demands of various sections
of the country.
It is true the ratio would be increased over the
present large number, as the allowance of three
hundred Representatives on a population of
40,000,000 would make the ratio 133,333. This
is a larger ratio than should exist for spme years
at least; but the material increase in repre-
sentation from two hundred and forty-one to
three hundred would, to a large extent, miti-
gate the evils and embarrassments connected
therewith. In view of the steady increase of
Senators incident to the admission of new
States, and the rapid manner in which popu-
lation is being spread over the whole country,
it seems strange that the policy of an increase
in representation to the extent proposed should
meet with anydeterminedorserious opposition.
In a true Republic, where tho sovereign
power of the people is wielded by their rep-
resentatives, it is supposed the representa-
tion will be extensive. In empires and mon-
archies it is generally inferred the representa-
tion will be limited as to numbers. When we
come to contrast and examine, however, we
find tho strange fact that several of the lead-
ing empires and monarchies of Europe have
a far larger representation in tho two branches
of the legislative department of their Govern-
ments than we have in ours, and that the ratio
of representation is, in almost every instance,
comparatively less than ours. In some cases
the disparity as to ratio is strikingly against
us ; especially is this the fact with regard to
England. The following table will exhibit the
strength of the two legislative branches of
eleven European Governments, of four of the
South American Governments, and of the Gov-
ernment of the United States :
Table showing the number of members in each branch
of the legislative departments of various Governments
and the ratio of representation.
Nations. Souse. Hovel
Austria  122 203
Belgium   8 J16
Brazil    6-.U00
Denmark  59 101 11,000
France  309 376 1 00,000
England  402 C58 4o,000
Netherlands  39 72
Germanic Confederation... 43 280
Portugal  ly In!
Prussia   4>2
Spain  3 .>,000
SWeden  22,000
Argentine licpublic  28 51 22.000
Chili   -'ft 98 20,000
Peru!."......'..  08 86 33.000
United States  71 241 122,627
It will be observed that the lower branch of
the legislative department of France^ is com-
posed of three hundred and seventy-six mem-
bers, while the representative ratio only stands
at 100,000. The same branch in England is
composed of the large number of six hundred
and fifty-eight, while the representative ratio
stands at the limited number of 45,000. In
Prussia the same branch is composed ot tour
hundred and thirty-two members, while the
ratio of representation numbers only 52,000.
