760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
have been so long and so entirely neglected by
the Government of the United States. Else-
where, outside of our own country, no subject
lias of late received a larger share of public at-
tention or been the object of more specific legis-
lation. Every civilized nation on the face of the
globehas in operation to-day a system of public
instruction more or less efficient, except the
United States. Yet the prime value, the abso-
lute necessity of popular education to our-
selves more than any other people on the face
of the earth, I presume all will acknowledge.
" MAN BECOMES WHAT HE IS BY HIS EDUCATION."
Nearly every wise man who has lived during
the last two thousand years and whose opinions
have been preserved to us by the use of letters
has reaffirmed, in terms which only gather
weight and force with each succeeding century,
the sentiment Plato had already expressed,
"Man becomes what he is principally by his
education." So, coming down to our own day,
and under a free Government where each in-
dividual stands upon his merits, the sentiment
so well expressed by the English philosopher,
Locke, is even more forcibly illustrated, that—
" Of all the men we moot, nine out of ten are what
they are, good or evil, useful or not, by their educa-
tion."
RELIGION DEPENDS ON EDUCATION.
The morality of the people, nay, religion itself,
depends for its existence upon the education
of the people. Justice, charity, and all the
virtues must be taught, and the pupil must be
measurably educated to receive these primary
ethics, the foundation upon which all religion
is built. This idea doubtless led Goldsmith to
declare, " I will be bold enough to say that
schoolmasters in a State are more necessary
than clergymen, as children stand in need of
more instruction than their parents." The
sentiments of religion and morality, even the
existence of a God, must be taught. "And
thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy chil-
dren," said Moses among his parting injunc-
tions to the children of Israel when they were
about to enter the promised land, referring to
all the sacred commandments and wise rules
for their guidance which he had from time to
time committed to them. The attainment of
the summit of their desires as a nation, the
reward of their forty years in the wilderness,
was not sufficient. The children must be taught
diligently in order to secure the permanence
of their prosperity as a nation. And who can
doubt that their vitality as a people to this day
is largely owing to the thorough education they
have given their children ?
EDUCATION MAKES THE NATION.
So all there is of a nation that is good, that
is mighty, that exercises influence, that is
admirable in any respect, is the product of the
education of its citizens ; for it is not the num-
bers of human beings comprised under one form
of government, nor the extent or fertility of the
territory they occupy, nor their wealth which
makes a nation. Its people may be as numer-
ous as the Chinese ; they may occupy a conti-
nent fertile as a garden and containing mount-
ains of precious and useful metals ; they may
have much native force, yet if they lack the
potent agent of education, which renders o.ll
material things available, they fall short of the
power and influence they should possess.
Whatever maybe the distinctions in any coun-
try upon which rank is founded the rank that
a nation occupies among the Powers of the
earth will be found to rest upon the practical
education of the people.
ITS IMPORTANCE RECOGNIZED BUT NOT REALIZED.
While the general importance of educating
the people is acknowledged by every reasona-
ble person, nearly all fail to realize that the
intelligence of the masses is of vital import-
ance to a Republic, the only foundation upon
which it can stand. As Montesquieu has well
expressed it:
"Education makes the man; that alone is tho
carent of every virtue! i t id the most sacred, themost
useful, and at the same time the most neglected
thing in every country/'
CONDITION OP THE COUNTRY.
Such being the primary importance of educa-
tion, what is the condition of our people in
respect to it; and is our country keeping up
with contemporary nations, and the spirit of the
age ? The answer to this question discloses facts
which should, and will, no doubt, astonish and
arouse every liberty-loving legislator-to action;
for they are melancholy in their nature, they
are startling in their character.
Sir, familiar with the fact that a large amount
of ignorance and apathy existed on the subject,
I was startled when I came to examine the
statistics bearing upon the question, knowing
that there can be no security to tho liberties of
the people so long as this dangerous element
of ignorance exists in the community, to an
extent, as nearly as can be estimated, of about
one fourth or one fifth of the whole number.
"jThe greatest despotism on earth," says Do
Tocqueville, "isan excited untaughtpublicsen-
timent," a truth already too well illustrated to-
day "among the ignorant masses in New York.
With a form of government which can only
exist, as the Jewish proverb hath it, " By the
breath of its school children a government,
indeed, so dependent upon the intelligence of
the people that any ignorant man who ap-
proaches the polls carrying a ballot he cannot
read is a risk to it and a menace against it;
yet we are, as I remarked before, almost, if
not quite, the only civilized nation on the face
of the earth that possesses no national system
of public schools.
LOOK AT EUROPE,
the first in rank among the great divisions of
the world and containing forty-five different
States. Every one of them has a national
system of education, and by far the greater
number make it, compulsory upnn parents to
send their children to school. I abstract the
following from the most reliable sources :
EDUCATION IN GREAT BRITAIN.
Great Britain has a national system the main
features of which are parliamentary grants to
popular education and a regular course of in-
spection of schools. The grants from 1839 to
1866 for England, Wales, and Scotland alone
amounted to £6,710,862 sterling, or $32,470,-
572. These grants wero made entirely for the
benefit of that class of people supported by man-
ual labor, and such national expenditures in bo-
half of education are in rebuking contrast to the
feeble effort we have made in establishing an ed-
ucational Department without investing it with
dignity or endowing it with means necessary to
the practical and efficient discharge of duties
which such a Department should necessarily in
elude. The Government ofGreat Britainhas also
published over one hundred large octavo vol-
umes of reports and information respecting
education. Indeed, the official schools inquiry
commission sent to this and other countries in
1865 cost that Government more than all of our
appropriations thus far for the Department of
Education. Seventeen large volumes of tho
report of that commission have already been
published for tho information and benefit of
the English people.
THE ALPINE REPUBLIC.
With peculiar pleasure we find that in Swit-
zerland, the only republican Government of
Europe, laws are provided and enforced to com-
pel all children between the ages of six and
fourteen to attend school. The school-teach-
ers are furnished with lists of all the children
in their districts ; these names are called over
every morning and the absentees noted. This
system is fast making that little nation a gem
among the Alps, where want, filth, beggary,
and crime are almost unknown, forthe children
are as regularly engaged in school as their
parents are in their daily avocations.
It is estimated that there is hardly a child in
that country, sufficiently sound in mind and
body to learn to read( but has at least made
some progress in this primary element of edu-
cation. Thirty years ago the majority of the
Swiss were in a state of ignorance difficult to
conceive of in view of her present educational
status. This radical and important change all
acknowledge to be entirely due to the compul-
sory system of education adopted by this dem-
ocratic people.
A FRENCH VIEW OF SWITZERLAND.
A recent circular issued by M. Durny, the
minister of education in France, concludes in
these words:"
"It is time we should make speed. In the peace-
ful but redoubtable struggle in which the various
industrial nations are engaged victory will not be
to that one which can command the greatest number
of hands or the greatest amount of capital, but to
the nation whose working classes are the most or-
derly, the most intelligent, and the best educated.
Should any one doubt tho importance of the revolu-
tion which is taking place let him look at Switzer-
land; that country of lakes and mountains which
nature has made so beautiful while at thesame time
denying it every condition required to make it tho
abode of industry; a country loved by artists and
by poots, but without ports, withoutnavigablerivers,
without canals, and without mines. Yet, from among
these sterile rocks there is exported every year au
amount of products sufficient to pay for all the im-
portations made, and more especially for the two
hundred million francs' worth of goods which Franco
alone sells to that people, which in former times
cultivated mercenary warfare as its solo branch of
industry. That country also produces so many skill-
ful men that in every commercial city of the world
a Swiss colony is found holding the first rank, and
in almost every great commercial house may be found
inteiligentclerkswho havoeomefrom Basle,Zurioh,
or Neufchatel."
ITALY.
A revival on the subject of education is in
progress in Italy. In the cities a passion for
instruction has broken out, and in north and
central Italy the communes are meeting the
demand most nobly, the single want being an'
adequate supply of tcachers. In some towns
tho adults are thronging to night schools, as in
Venice, where even the gondoliers are learning
to read ; and Florence, where unskilled labor-
ers, cabmen, masons' assistants, and the like
give two hours of their rest to learn to read and
write, and record the calculations which even
in the unlettered days they could always make.
It needs but time and quiet to make education
as universal in Italy as in Prussia,, to make it
a shaine to be ignorant—a shame under which
the children already wince. Her national
school system is peculiarly calculated to reach
every class and condition of children.
PORTUGAL,
which had no national school system ten years
ago, has now caught the spirit of the educa-
tional progress of the age, and adopted the
compulsory system.
RUSSIA,
it is well known, no sooner emanicipated her
serfs than she began to provide for their educa-
tion.
PRUSSIA.
When Prussia commenced her present sys-
tem of common schools her territory was but
a fraction of its present size—was the battle-
field of Europe, and echoed with the tramp of
invading armies. Notwithstanding her im-
poverished condition she undertook the work
of educating her people, and in 1848 she had
two and a, half million children in attend-
ance upon her schools. Twenty years later,
while environed by threatening empires, she
arose in the power of superior education, re-
constructed the map of Europe, and placed
herself in the front rank of the nations of that
part of the world, who were astonished at the
brilliancy of her statesmen and the skill of her
armies.
AN AUSTRIAN REPORT
published last year thus expresses the senti-
ment of that nation on the question we are
considering:
" N ever did tho cry for a better system of national
education in general and for an improved system
of professional education in particular resound more
loudly than after the terrible events which fell so
heavily on our country. Tho dictum that *not tho
needle-gun but higher national education conquered
us,' struck home so forcibly that it was repeated
