1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
on al! sides and became almost a proverb among us.
Radical changes were clamored for, and in their zeal
for improvement people seemed to forget that there
was any good at all in the established system."
Austria is literally whipped into education.
During the present year her Parliament has
completely remodeled the educational fabric.
Herr Von Beust has established for Austria,
Hungary, Bohemia, and the Duchies that which
is now regarded as the model school code of
Europe.
the ottoman empire.
Turkey has astonished the world by its recent
order, promulgated by the Sultan, establishing
a system of compulsory education throughout
the Ottoman empire, of which the following
extract will show the scope and spirit:
"public schools.
(a)11 Elementary Instruction,
" § 6. The course of instruction in tho primary
schools shall cover four years, and will comprise the
following subjects:
" The alphabet according to the new method, the
Koran, the Tedjivid and book of morals, catechism,
writing, elements of arithmetic, Turkish history,
elements of geography, epitome of practical educa-
tion.
"§9. Public instruction obligatory throughout tho
whole empire for girls from the age of six to ten, and
for boys from six to eleven.
"$10. The justices of the peace of the wards ana
villages shall keep a register on which are inscribed
the names of all the boys and girls who have reached
the required age, as well as the names of the parents
and guardians. A copy will be handed to the
teacher."
Sections eleven and twelve provide that in
case parents fail to comply with the law they
shall be expostulated with for the three first
occasions, when, continuing to disregard the
law, they are fined from five to one hundred
piasters, according to their property, or the
children may be taken from their guardianship
and placed at school.
our immigrants not all illiterate.
Thus the Governments and people of Europe
have come to an appreciation of the importance
of popular education as a means of power, and
most of them are making rapid advances in the
work of intellectual improvement. A large por-
tion of the immigration from those countries
now arriving among us is able to read and write.
One fact is a curious illustration of the supe-
riority of the educational systems of Europe,
and of the character of many of the immigrants
coming to us from that continent. Out of the
large number of regiments raised by the Gen-
eral Government for the suppression of the
rebellion I am told by those familiar with the
rolls that there were but four regiments whose
officers and soldiers could without exception
write their individual names upon the pay-rolls
of the Government for which they fought, and
those were regiments made up entirely of Ger-
mans. AVho can tell how much was lost to the
Government and to its soldiers and employes
because of their inability to subscribe their
names to the pay-rolls on which they were
mustered ?
Even the great apprehension m regard to
the Chinese immigration must lose much ot
its force when the fact, which recently appears
in a prominent magazine, is considered, that
" the first Chinaman who is unable to read in
his own language has yet to arrive in Cali-
fornia."
the ratio of illiterate citizens increasing.
Our own States and Territories present the
startling fact that there is an annually increas-
ing ratio of ignorance, and that we have_ now
. within our borders more than four million
illiterate adults, to whom the twenty-six let-
ters of the alphabet are as meaningless as so
many Chinese hieroglyphics.
Our census reports first took cognizance ot
the number of illiterate persons over twenty
years of age in 1840, when it was found that
one in thirteen of the free adult population of
the country could not read or write. In 1850
the number had increased to one in nine of
the free adult persons in the country, len
years ago, of our 13,634,033 free adult popu-
lation 1,218,011 were reported illiterate, to
which if we add the 1,745,140 adults who
were then slaves we have the aggregate of
2,963,451 wholly unable to read and write. In
1860 half of our population were either side of
twenty years of age; therefore we should take
the adolescent illiterate into account in order
to arrive at the true condition of our people.
a statistician's opinion.
It is the opinion of Dr. Lee, who has care-
fully prepared statistical tables and maps under
the direction of the Department of Education,
that—
"There must be, and is, a still larger number, more
than three million young persons, who are growing
up in ignorance to fill the ranks of the illiterate as
older ones pass off the stage. So that moro than six
millions"—
In 1800, or seven millions now—
•"of tho American people constitute a bookless class,
shut out from direct access to this main source of
knowledge, not counting the million and a half
children under ten years of age who cannot yet bo
said to beillitcrate, though they are on the highroad
to it unless something moro effieiont is promptly
done to savo them."
With this vast army of illiterates we go into
a new decade, to which are annually added
about one hundred and sixty thousand who
yearly roach the age of twenty-one, half of
whom are exercising the privilege of suffrage
and have a direct voice in the destiny of the
Republic.
fearful condition of education in the district
of columbia.
Congress has been grossly negligent of the
educational necessities of those people placed
under its care, even of those at the very doors
and directly under the a3gis of the Capitol.
The schools in the District of Columbia, which
should be models for the nation, should invite
and fasten the attention of every Kepresent-
ative sent to this body, so that he might return
to his district with some new and valuable sug-
gestions for the instruction of the children of
his constituents; nay, should be the admira-
tion of the representatives of other nations
resident among us, and thus reflect honor upon
our Republic—look at their condition 1 With
schools that are comparatively worthless and
wholly inadequate, there being thousands of
children unable to gain admission to any
school-room, and who would be scarcely the
better for it if they could, because of the want
of a proper supply of teachers,who are, more-
over, paid their small salaries at uncertain and
irregular intervals; they are yet quite as ready
to dismiss a child for a trifling fault as to admit
one to pupilage. It often requires more time
and labor to get a child admitted than a labor-
ing man can spare ; and I can conceive of no
greater outrage on the rights of a child, soon
to be a citizen, than to close the school-room
against him for any cause whatever. There is
no greater outrage upon the rights of a com-
munity than to send an uneducated child forth
into tho world. As Paley has so aptly ex-
pressed it, " It is little better than to turn out
a mad dog or a wild animal into the streets."
I have said that the schools of this District
should be of the highest order; instead thereof
they are the disgrace of the nation ; and even
the representative of the Ottoman empire can
proudly and justly say, " The school laws of
Turkey are superior to yours."
If this language seems too strong I refer
to the last report of the superintendent of the
District, that of 1807, for such is the neglect
or want of system at present that three years
have almost passed without any report. _ From
this we find that the District contained m 18G7
the following scholastic population :
school statistics of the district of columbia.
White males  H ,193
White females — ''
22,871
Colored males  4,638
Colored females  5,658
  10,216
Total  iui
That the number in attendance was:
Public Schools,
White males 
White females 
2,895
2,453
5,349
3,on
Total  8,420
Colored males 
Colored females..
1,532
1.339
Private Schools.
White males....
White females..
Colored males.....
Colored females..
2,T,>5
2,777
5,532
168
Total..
Total attending public and private schools,
13,978, leaving 19,137 children in the District
of Columbia without any facilities whatever for
obtaining an education. Yet there were no
accommodations in that year for more than
6,000 white and 3,360 colored out of this large
scholastic population, and no colored school
whatever were organized in the District until
it was done by the Preedmen's Bureau, which
were afterward transferred to the trustees of
Washington city. I am informed by the super-
intendent of the District that since the year
1867 the accommodations are considerably
increased, but I am told by the same official
that some seventeen or eighteen of the public
schools under his charge are about to be con-
demned as nuisances by the Board of Health.
Think, if you please, Mr. Chairman, of sixty
scholars and a teacher being confined in a room
twenty-four by thirty feet square and ten feet
high, and ask yourself if such a prison should
not be condemned as a public nuisance which
ought to be abated. Yet I am told such prisons
are to be found in Washington city, and they
are dignified with the name of public schools.
Now, sir, I state on the authority of tho
superintendent himself that more,than one
half of the entire scholastic population of Wash-
ington and Georgetown are children of tho
employes, clerks, or persons connected with the
Government, who own no property in these
cities and pay no taxes; yet Congress, to the
shame and disgrace of the country and the age,
has never appropriated one dollar for the sup-
port of schools in either.
want of school libraries.
Then there are no public school libraries in
the District, furnishing interesting and instruct-
ive books suited to the comprehension of the
various grades of scholars, when none should
be without this important aid to education. As
Franklin, John Quiney Adams, and many other
eminent men have attested, the kindling enthu-
siasm of books has been the first stimulus of all
great men.
NEGLECT OP THE TERRITORIES.
But I have yet to complain of congressional
sins of omission greater even, and more sad in
their results, than this woeful neglect of educa-
tion in the national capital. Our Territories,
the wards of the nation, of which this body is
the only guardian—in what manner has Con-
gress discharged its sacred trust toward these
prospective States?
The most degrading ignorance, the most
vicious institutions, and entire neglect of edu-
cation characterize different parts of our na-
tional domain, instead of a uniform, thorough,
and efficient system of popular instruction.
utah.
Of the bills that have been offered in this
House and the coordinate branch to recon-
struct the chronic troubles in Utah what one
has proposed to have the children, whose num-
bers are supposed to be unusual in that coun-
try, educated? Yet ihe condition of Utah m
respect to schools is one of the lamentable
features of that embryo State. They report
that they have schools provided for only seven
months of the year, and that oat of thirty thou-
