1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
read nor write, while the North, with two thirds
of the population of the country, had but 622,-
792; yet this vast army of illiterates has a direct
voice in the affairs of the Government and in
the control of the country.
why do we skrixk fbom the truth?
But, Mr. Speaker, it is not pleasant to make
these statements. It is not pleasant to know
that such facts are in existence. It is not
pleasant to know that while other nations are
making rapid advances in the work of popular
education we, who are so supremely interested
in the same work, are doing nothing whatever
to bring about the same result. The Argentine
Confederation, from the other side of the globe,
sends commissioners here and elsewhere offer-
ing extraordinary inducements to teachers to
go there and engage in the work of building up
normal and model schools, while we do not
protect our own. And those who undertake the
honorable and laudable task of training the
young in many parts of our country do so at
the risk of their lives, and with no protection
to person or property. Yet there are men who
tell us that for such wrongs there is no remedy.
Why is it that even the facts in regard to edu-
cational matters cannot be learned from official
sources? Who is responsible for the refusal to
comply with the resolution passed by this House
in March, 1867, inquiring into the condition of
the schools of the District of Columbia, which
inquiry has never yet been answered? Who is
responsible for the neglect of the Commis-
sioner of Education to comply with the several
provisions of the law creating that Department
requiring^ information upon matters pertaining
to education ? Are gentlemen afraid to publish
the truth in reference to these matters, or to let
the country know that there are twenty thousand
children in the District of Columbia, fifty thou-
sand in the Territories, or two millions in the
southern States for whom no educational facili-
ties whatever are provided, and yet they will
shortly be the rulers of America ? The truth
cannot always be concealed. Sooner or later
the people will understand the facts, and will
hold to a rigid accountability those Represent-
atives who have neglected their highest and
best interests, and placed in jeopardythe future
of the country.
the preedmen's bureau an oasis.
But, to turn from subjects which so reproach
us to a scintilla of brightness in the acts of the
Government, the school department of the
Freedmen's Bureau, now about to close, is a
pertinent illustration of what may be accom-
plished by such a hill as I propose. During
the period of about four years the small amount
of some two and a half millions has been ex-
pended in the building, renting, and repairing
of school-houses, the purchase of books and
apparatus, the pay of inspectors, superintend-
ents, and teachers; yet the results are that
they leave in the field 2,118 schools, containing
114,522 pupils, or about one tenth of the
children of the freedmen, who, let us hope, will
by these means acquire a modicum of the ele-
mentary instruction the Government owes them.
Add to this the number of adults who have
received instruction, and the number of pupils
who have received benefit from this small
amount of money is swelled to a quarter of a
million.
Thus an energetic bureau—for having seen I
can testify to its value and efficiency—adopting
a wise system of rules, by constant inspection
requiring schools assisted by them to keep up
to the standard, may render effectual to the
accomplishment of much good a mere trifle ;
not more than the War and Navy Departments
almost annually waste in futile experiments.
tee immense domain grafted.
Yet Congress has been lavish in appropri-
ating public domain for educational purposes.
The land granted for this object at various times
in the different States and Territories already
amounts to 78,570,802 acres. This vast area
is 122,776 square milea. It is nearly equal in
extent to the kingdom of Prussia, greater than
Great Britain and Ireland, more than half the
extent of the French empire, equal to an area
twice the size of the State of Illinois with ten
States the size of Delaware thrown in, or
twenty-six times the size of Connecticut. This
noble tribute to so important an object lies scat-
tered in mile-square plots over the most fertile
and beautiful portionsof God'sgreen earth, and
had it been properly conserved would have pro-
duced, it is estimated, a grand national school
fund of $500,000,000. The interest of this
would have been a_ magnificent endowment for
the entire scholastic population of the United
States.
the nation's generosity frittered away.
Some of the States have mismanaged and
miserably frittered away their share of this
valuable estate, while others have shamefully
perverted its use, thus proving recreant to the
most important trust ever committed to a peo-
ple. The Thirty-Ninth Congress honored itself
by awaking to the importance of this subject
and establishing the Department of Education.
The first duty of the Commissioner, according
to the following words of the act creating that
Department, was:
"Sec. 3." * _* * * "In thefirstreport
made by tho Commissioner of Education under this
act shall be presented a statement of the several
grants ot land made by Congress t.o promote educa-
tion and the manner in which these soveral trusts
have been managed, tho amount of funds arising
therefrom, and tho annual proceeds of tho same, as
far as the same can bo determined."
"a delicate question to INQUIRE into."
The most important part of this information,
and that which is in some degree difficult of
access, namely, " the manner in which these
several_ trusts have been managed," has not
been laid before Congress, as I think the law
requires. But as it is generally understood
that some of the States have misappropriated,
and many of them grossly mismanaged this
fund, the question is, perhaps, as the Commis-
sioner of Education lias expressed it, ''a deli-
cate one to inquire into." Thus it is quite
probable that this i mportan t information, which
should be thoroughly sifted and laid before Con-
gress and the people, may not be forthcoming.
objections to tiie department OF education con-
sidered.
Unfortunately, also, the efficiency of this
important Department has been impaired by
the reduction of the appropriations made for
it. This change was made upon the advice
of the Secretary of the Interior in his report
to Congress for 1868. As the main objections
to the Department of Education, and to the
obvious right of Congress to insist that each
State shall provide free and universal educa-
tion for the children of the Republic, are
embodied in the ex-Secretary's report, I give
their substance: first, that the acts of Con-
gress and the reports of the Secretary of the
Interior furnish some of the information sought
to be obtained by tho Department of Educa-
tion ; second, that the approaching census will
exhibit full and authentic educational statis-
tics ; third, " no reason is perceived" by the
ex-Secretary for the pursuance of this work by
the Educational Department; fourth, inform-
ation thus obtained, in his judgment, is not
required to enable Congress to discharge its
legitimate duties; fifth, "education in the
States falls within their exclusive province."
The substance of all this being that thecause
of education is unimportant, and not national;
"but falls within the exclusive province of the
States."
objections and objectors considered.
Mr. Speaker, it is hard to speak with pa-
tience of such puerile and trifling objections to
measures of such importance as those relating
to education ; yet there is a large crop of poli-
ticians throughout our country, and represented
on the floor of this House, the special out-
growth of a Republic containing a large class
of uneducated people. They are men devoted
to the advancement of a party whose success at
the ballot-box is too often secured through,
ignorance and fraud, whoso political organiza-
tion would_ disappear before an enlightened
public sentiment as fogs disappear in the light
of the sun. These men now clutch with a dying
grip at the States-rights theory; a doctrine
which, if successful, would reduce this, nation
to a mob of ignorant States.
the preamble to the constitution declares that
" The people of the United States in order to form
a more perfect Union establish justice, insuro do-
mestio tranquillity, provide for the common defense,
m-omoto the general welfare, and secure the blessings
of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain
and establish this Constitution for tho United States
of Am erica."
Here are six objects stated by the framers of
the Constitution and adopted by the different
States as their aim in organizing and building
up a national Government for the United States
of America.
To illustrate the primary importance of uni-
versal education, to show that it is the very
foundation of our institutions, the polity as it
were of the Constitution itself, the breath of its
existence, let us consider such of these motives
for ordaining our fundamental law, and it will
be at once perceived that only by continued
education-could they be attained. The simple
existence of the Government will then imply
the right and the duty to secure the education
of the citizen,
"in order to poem a more perfect union.'^
One of the main elements which go to form
any union at all approaching perfection must
be equality of intellectual and moral condition.
How can this equality be secured without a
system of education in some degree uniform ?
And how can such a system be organized un-
less the General Government shall take cogni-
zance of this important subject in all the States
and take care that it is neglected in none ? It
is well known that in the thirteen original
States only an approximation to that equality
existed at the time of the adoption of the Con-
stitution ; but our fathers trusted, and witli
reason, that the ratio of progressive develop-
ment would tend to equalize them'. Unfortu-
nately, events have proved otherwise. The
educational sentiment in the southern States
is little better now than it was two hundred
years ago.
In 1070 the English Commissioners for For-
eign Plantations addressed to the Governors of
the several colonies a series of questions con-
cerning the condition of the settlements under
their charge. One of these questions related
to the means of popular education. The Gov-
ernor of Connecticut replied to the royal com-
missioners as follows:
" One fourth of the annual revenue of tho colony
is laul out in maintaining free schools for tho educa-
tion of onr children."
The Governor of Virginia replied:
" I thank God there are no free schools nor print-
ing, and I hope we shall not havo these hundred
years."
So far as free schools are concerned his hope
was more than realized, and I have been re-
cently informed by one of the framers of the
new constitution of Virginia, an old and very
intelligent citizen of that State, whose opinion
is founded upon an intimate knowledge of its
people, that the provisions incorporated therein
for the maintenance of common schools, which
are precisely the same as those in the Slate of
New York, are even more obnoxious to the
element which has hitherto ruled and ruined
that State than the " iron-clad oath" or uni-
versal suffrage.
ignorance the cause op Virginia's misfortunes.
The history of Virginia as a State in the
Union exhibits a continual increase in the per-
centage of illiterates to her whole population,
as far as we can learn, until, as shown by the
census of 1840, she had 58,787 free persons
over the age of twenty who could not read and
write. Unheeding this fearful i-ccord, she kept
her downward course, and ten years later she
had 88,520 illiterate free persons over the age
