1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
occupations which too often lead them to
neglect their duty at the polls.
Horace Mann expresses the danger to our
Government of universal suffrage without uni-
versal education as follows:
"The human imagination can picture no sem-
blance of the destructive potency of the ballot-
box in the hands of an ignorant and corrupt people.
The Roman cohorts were terrible; the Turkish
janizaries wero incarnate fiends; but each was pow-
erless as a child for harm compared with universal
suffrage without mental illumination and moral
principle. The power of casting a vote is far more
formidable than that of casting spear or javelin.
" On one of those oft-recurring days, when the fate
of the State or the Union is tobedeoided atthepolls,
when over all the land the votes are falling thick as
hail and weseem to hear them rattle 1 ike the clangor
of arms, is it not enough to make the lover of his
country turn pale to reflect upon the motives under
which they may be given and the consequences to
which they may lead ? By the votes of a few wicked
men, or even of one wicked man, honorable men may
be hurled from office and miscreants elevated to their
places; useful offices abolished and sinecures cre-
ated ; the public wealth, which had supported indus-
try, squandered upon mercenaries; enterprise crip-
pled, the hammer falling from every hand, the wheel
stopping in every mill, the sail dropping to the mast
on every sea; and thus capital which had been hon-
estly and laboriously accumulated turned into dross.
In fine, the whole policy of the Government may be
reversed and the social condition of millions changed
to gratify one man's grudge or prejudice or rovenge.
In a word, if the votes which fall so copiously into
the ballot-box on our days of election emanate from
wise counsels and a loyalty to truth they will descend
like benedictions from Heaven to bless the land and
fill itwith song and gladness such as have never been
known upon earth since the days of paradise; but if,
on the other hand, these votes come from ignorance
and crime the fire and brimstone that were rained
on Sodom and Gomorrah would bo more tolerablo."
TO-DAY THE NATION'S WARD, TO-MORROW ITS RULER.
Our forty millions of people may be separated
as regards age and circumstance into four equal
grand divisions ; one developing into and suc-
ceeding the other, in endless progression, as
they move along the stream of time. One
fourth of our population is always in the first
stage of life, and just below the age of attend-
ing schools—the infancy of the nation. The
school population, those preparing by educa-
tion for the important duties of citizenship,
comprise another fourth; to-day they are the
nation's wards, to-morrow they will be the
nation's rulers. Another fourth is the active
young adult population, who in our country
exercise a controlling influence in the institu-
tions of the nation. It has been ascertained
thata majority of all the voters are under thirty-
six years of age. The population comprised
in the remaining one fourth are persons in
that less active period of life above the age of
thirty-six.
Tell me, legislators, to which of these ten
millions is it most important for us to give
our attention if we would secure the blessin-gs
of liberty to ourselves and our posterity? I
for one will say with Aretimus:
"We have enough of laws for men; let us train
some men for the laws."
Plutarch says that—
"Lycurgus resolved the whole business of legisla-
tion into the bringing up of the youth, which he
looked upon as the loftiest and most glorious work
of a law-giver, and ho began with it at the very
source."
So if you would secure the union, justice,
tranquillity, defense, welfare, and liberty of the
nation, you must see that this most important
part of the nation'spopulation, the ten millions
of school children, are educated. There is no
evading this issue. In a few years these seats,
if the nation does not fall with the weight of
its accumulating ignorance, will be filled by
those who are now in that ten millions of school
population.
Who are to succeed us in these Halls ? "By
learning," says the Chinese maxim, "thesons
of the common people become public minis-
ters ; without learning the sons of public min-
isters become mingled with the mass of the
people." The liberties and destiny of this
Government only twenty-five years hence de-
pend upon the intelligence of those who are
now among its ten millions of school popula-
tion. No act of ours can secure liberty to our
posterity if that posterity shall be permitted to
grow up in ignorance.
THE SPECIAL HINDERANCES
to a voluntary system of education in some
sections are : the absence of educational senti-
ment ; in the South the repugnance of the
wealthy classes to be taxed for the support of
a system of schools which includes their former
slaves; the sparse population in most of the
agricultural regions; while in the New Eng-
land and northern States public sentiment is
such that the parent who withholds education
from his child becomes a conspicuous object
of contempt, and it is thus as much a matter
of course that the children should go to school,
at least a part of the year, as it is in the South
that they should stay at home. A prominent
and well-nigh successful candidate for the Uni-
ted States Senate in one of the southern States
expressed the sentiment of many of the politi-
cians in the South when he declared that " the
masses ought not to be educated, because no
sooner does a man learn his letters than he
wants an office."
And in consequence of this lack of interest
in the question of education such schools and
school systems as have been established, while
poorly attended, are on an average little better
than no schools. The following from a recent
number of the Knoxville (Tennessee) Whig
scarcely exaggerates the worthlessness of the
school systems of that State:
"For many years the indifference of Tennessee to
the work of education has been proverbial. She has
manifested no concern or comparatively none upon
the subject. She has never had, as a necessary
sequence, any system or any definite plan of action.
Before the war there was a plan dignified with the
appellation of'free schools.' Itwasa mero sham;
it had neither system nor efficiency; it provided lim-
ited means to compensate a few miserable peda-
gogues without education and without brains. They
met in log cabins and snoozed their precious time
away, while the children amused themselves by
tickling them with straws. For three or four months
in the year these schools served to contribute to the
mirthful ploasure of theyouth, and especially to their
moral and intellectual ruin."
By way of contrast, look at the condition of
education in the kingdom of Saxony, as shown
by a report of the French commission :
"Tho number of children from six to fourteen
years of age who ought to attend the primary schools
is 370,802; the sohools are really attended by 371,980;
difference in excess 1,178."
This excess the imperial commission ac-
counts for by some children going a little
earlier and staying a little later than the pre-
scribed age.
While the first impulse of property has
always been to evade school taxes, even in the
most enlightened communities, in the South,
where it in completely in the hands of the few,
and those few exercise a controlling influence
over the electors, it is well nigh impossible to
raise means to inaugurate a system of free
schools, to commence the herculean task of
educating the immense mass of poor white
and colored children.
It required a great effort, resulting almost
in revolution, to induce the adoption of this
system in the State of Pennsylvania, but once it
was adopted property holders soon acquiesced,
perceiving the benefit of free education as an
investment to the community as a whole, and
to themselves as a part.
The dispersed condition of settlement in the
rural districts is a serious hinderance to the
poor, isolated, and helpless laboring parent
in securing to his children the education indis-
pensable to American citizens.
Such are a few of the reasons why Congress
should, in behalf of the " general welfare " of
the Union, come forward with aid and encour-
agement forthe organization and maintenance,
for some years, of schools. They should be
maintained for the space of at least two
scholastic generations. An educational sen-
timent would then be created similar to that
which now exists in other parts of the Union.
Children who had received the benefits of
education could be trusted to see that their
children should not be deprived of them ; for
a man who has himself enjoyed the blessing
of a good education expects to provide schools
for his children as much as he expects to pro-
vide for them food and clothing.
OUR ILLITERACY REVIEWED AND RESTATED.
The literal figures of the census on this sub-
ject are sufficiently alarming, but the interest
of truth compels us to take into account other
well-established facts. The tendency of the
people is always to overstate the attendence at
schools and to understate the number notable
to read and write, to an extent, as Horace
Mann has shown, of thirty per cent., or more.
This, when taken into account, increases the
census report of 18G0 to 1,583,704 white illit-
erate adults, or about one in eight.
Again, there is also a very large class who
are recorded in the census as able to read and
write who do so very imperfectly. They read
with much difficulty ana hesitation, and can,
perhaps, sign their names, but make no com-
mon use of these defective attainments ; they
are entirely excluded from the means of in-
struction comprised in newspapers and books,
keep no accounts, do not correspond nor add
any perceptible weight to the mails. This class,
between the totally ignorant and the compe-
tently educated, is i very large, as every one
knows, especially in the South, and may be
safely estimated as comprising at least one
sixth of the whole number of those reported
educated.
It must also be remembered that of the two
million white school children in the South in
1860 at least one half must have been deprived
of education in consequence of the five years'
war, which would add half a million more to
the adult white illiterates of to-day. Now, for
the purpose of arriving at a truer estimate of
the sad condition of our country in respect to
education, I have prepared the following:
Table showing the illiterate haul of the United States.
1. The free native adult illiterate, June 1,
1860  914,808
2. The adult foreign illiterate, June i, I860.. 302,073
3. Thothirtypercent.thatshouldbe added.. 383,333
4. Those so imperfectly taught as to bo in
fact illiterate  2,000,000
5. White illiteracy caused by the war  5J0.000
6. Adult illiterate freedmen  1.734,551
Total illiterate adults  5,895.063
Add Dr. Loe's estimate of the adoloscent
illiterate:
The illiterate between ten and twenty  3,000,000
The illiterate under ten who have no pros-
pect of education  1,500,000
Total wholly, partial, and prospective
illiterate of the United States 10,395,663
THE IMPENDING DANGER.
When I consider this solemn array of figures,
denoting uneducated millions of American citi-
zens, and that of the near six million adult
illiterate one half, or about three millions, are
voters, I am reminded of Damocles at the
magnificent banquet of the tyrant Dionysius,
who, when surfeited by the feast and surrounded
by every conceivable luxury, saw directly above
his head a sword suspended by a single hair.
Suehis the position of this nation to-day. Igno-
rance is our impending sword; the ignorance
of these three million of electors, sovereign
American citizens, with all the responsibilities
of voters, but not one of them knowing how to
read or write. In the midst of our material and
unexampled prosperity as a nation the familiar
face of ignorance menaces us on every hand,
and year by year we are wrapped closer and
closer in his dark mantle.
THE YROMPT ACTION OF CONGRESS DEMANDED.
How can the nation avert the threatened
danger? Not by restricting the rig;hts of its
citizens, as proposed by a conservative class,
whose sentiments are expressed in the recent
message of theGovernorofNew Jersey, that—
"The universality of suffrage is but an extension
of an existing evii, tho true remedyof which lies in
confining it to those who now haTe it or may obtain
it under the existing law within a fixed period, and
thereafter redtrioting suffrage to those who shall
possess some simple, reasonable, but intelligent
qualification for its exercise."
