766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
No, sir, we say; and all other civilized
nations are gravitating with an irresistible force
toward universal suffrage. Our free institu-
tions and the polity of our Constitution guar-
anties the ballot to every citizen. The general
welfare will not permit a State to neglect edu-
cation and then " restrict suffrage.'' The only
escape is through the prompt action of Congress
in behalf ofthe " general welfare," and in some
such way as I propose to encourage the educa-
tion of the people in the localities improvided
with schools.
Says Daniel Webster:
" Tlie power over education, is one of the powers of
public police belonging essentially to government.
It is one of those powers the exorcise of which is
indispensable to the preservation of society, to its
integrity and its healthy action." * -■
"It is evident, therefore, that popular cultivation,
as diffusive and general as the numbers composing
the Republic, is indispensable to the preservation of
our republican forms, and hence arises the great con-
stitutional duty of the Government. It is the duty
of solf-preservation according to its actual mode of
existenco, for the sake of the common good."
Mr. Speaker, I do not insist that this bill
is the best that can be offered upon this subject,
but I do earnestly invoke the attention of states-
men to this question and implore them to give
it immediate and practical attention, fori con-
sider it first in importance to the nation of any
question pending the action of this House or
of Congress. If any plan can be devised more
efficient to accomplish the object of this bill,
that of securing the stability of the Government
and the liberty of the people through their
intelligence, I am for it.
NATIONAL PRESERVATION AS IMPOETANT AS NATIONAL
PROTECTION.
I had hoped that perhaps the Committee
on Education and Labor would have submit-
ted some proposition to the House in the in-
terest I have been discussing, but as yet I have
heard of nothing of the kind. I had hoped
that perhaps a commission might be ordered
to investigate the subject. We annually ap-
propriate from twenty to thirty million dollars
for naval purposes, that we may have a few
ships freighted with admirals and commo-
dores and heavy ordnance to protect the honor
and glory of the American nag in every part
of the globe, and shall we appropriate nothing
to freight impoverished and ignorant commu-
nities at home with the means of learning
how they may best discharge their high and
responsible duties as American citizens ? We
appropriate from thirty to fifty millions per
annum without hesitation for the War De-
partment, and for fortifications, rivers, har-
bors, &c., and shall we make no provision
whatever against the force of moral and intel-
lectual darkness and ignorance, which are in-
finitely more dangerous to human progress
than any obstructions of nature? We paid
$7,500,000 in gold for the snows of Alaska,
and expend from one to two millions per an-
num to take care of them. Would it not have
been vastly better for all the future interests
of the country to have expended that amount
in educating the ignorant children of the coun-
try who are holding up_ their helpless hands
and appealing to us to aid them in making war
upon their most dangerous enemies, and pre-
serve them from lives of idleness, poverty,
vice, misery, and crime ?
If so mucb good has been accomplished by
the efforts of the Freedmen's Bureau, and by
private charitable contributions in the way of
aiding in "the establishment of schools, how
much more might be accomplished by a sys-
tematic and well-directed effort on the part of
the Government with an expenditure of a mere
fraction of the money we spend in experiments
in ordnance, in iron-clad ships, and other means
of offensive and defensive warfare no more
important to the general defense than the means
of general education?
CHARACTER OF CONGRESSIONAL LEGISLATION.
Mr. Speaker, the ordinary subjects of con-
gressional legislation arc local in their nature
and ephemeral in their character. The measure
I propose in this bill is of importance to the
whole nation and will benefit our interests in
all time to come. The monuments we build
or call itito existence of wood,-and marble, and
granite, and bronze, and iron, and brass, will
sooner or later crumble into ashes and resolve
themselves back into their original dust; but
the results of moral and intellectual improve-
ment are as perpetual as the existence of the
human soul itself, and extend beyond the
confines of immortality. It cannot be that a
Congress which holds in the hollow of its hand
so much of the future destiny of humanity will
refuse to a,ccord to the subject of education the
attention its importance demands. The evil
results of ignorance, like the dragon's teeth
springing up into armed men, will continue in
the future, as in the past, to invade the peace
and threaten the very existence of the country
unless effective means are taken to counteract
them._ No measures of reconstruction short
of universal education will accomplish the
objects we desire to see brought about in the
South. Test-oaths and the imposition of tem-
porary disabilities will not reconstruct the
States recently in rebellion. The evil lies too
deep to be corrected by such superficial schemes
of national legislation.
The rowdies who now control the city of
New York are but the skirmishers of the army
of ignorance, vice, and brutality that threatens
to overrun the country. I appeal to the states-
men of America to go to the fountain of the
evils that now threaten to overrun us and that
fill the future with apprehension and correct
them before they inflict upon us still greater
injury.
Mr. Speaker, the importance of the subject
must be my apology for so long occupying the
attention of the House.
NAVIGATION OF MISSISSIPPI KIVBit.
Mr. HAWLEY. Mr. Speaker, representing
as I do a constituency deeply interested in the
improvement of navigation in the Mississippi
river and its tributaries, I should deem myself
recreant to my duty should I fail at the present
session of this Congress to urge immediate
action looking to the adoption of such measures
as will secure that end. While my own con-
stituents have so great an interest in the im-
provement of that river they are not more inter-
ested than are all the people of the Northwest,
and I may truly say that to a great extent such
interest is common to all the people of the
Union. Thisgreat river, thefinestin the world,
has been too much neglected by the Gov-
ernment. While many million dollars have
been expended by Government in improving
the bays and harbors of the Atlantic coast and
of the great lakes, and many thousands more
have been expended upon insignificant rivers,
which in comparison with the Mississippi are
mere rivulets percolating through the sands
which form their beds, comparatively little has
been done to improve this river and the great
streams which flow into it. While the Atlantic
and gulf sea-board does not exceed in extent
four thousand miles the Mississippi and its
navigable tributaries present more than sixteen
thousand miles of inland coast. It drains a
region of country in extent greater than all the
rest of the Union, and containing a popula-
tion of more than twenty million people.
But a few short years ago this vast region
of country was uninhabited save by roving
bands of Indians. The hardy pioneer has sub-
dued the savage, felled its forests, plowed its
prairies, bridged its rivers, opened farms, built
school-houses and churches, and belted it with
railroads and telegraphs.
When the gentle Marquette, bearing the
banner of the cross, emblem of peace and of
that civilization of which lie was so noble a
type, burning with a desire to make known to
the savage the name of him whose flag he bore,
plunged into the then wilderness of the West,
he passed from the lakes across the portage
to the Wisconsin, and launching his canoo
upon its waters-floated to the Mississippi and
down the latter river to the mouth of the Des
Moines, and in all that long journey he saw
neitherface norfootprintof livingman. Nearly
all the vast region of the upper Mississippi was
then uninhabited, even by the Indian. Its vir-
gin soil had never been broken since the depart-
ure from it of-that mysterious race which left 110
trace behind it to mark its civilization save
what is contained in the mounds it reared aud
which still remain to excite our curiosity and
challenge our inquiry.
It is said of Marquette that when lie reached
the mouth of the Des Moines he fell in with a
band of Indians, of whom he inquired their
name and where they lived. Pointing to the
east across the Mississippi, they replied, "We
are Illinois," which they interpreted to mean,
"We arc men."
Mr. Speaker, these were but- the savages of
the West. Before the advancing tide of civili-
zation they have passed away to give place to
the true " Illinois," the noblest type of human-
ity, the anglo-American of to-day. Marquette
was the first white man who looked upon the
upper Mississippi or who was borne upon its
waters. • Prom the time of his visit more than
a century and a half passed away before white
men in any considerable numbers emigrated
to that region. But, sir, how rapidly within
the last half century has the West grown in
population and wealth. How rapidly has the
scepter of power swept across the continent
toward the setting sun ! It has advanced until
it has reached the spot where it will ever
remain, in the valley of the Mississippi.
In this great valley at no distant day will be
centered the commerce, wealth, and power of
this nation. Its richness of soil, variety of
productions and of climate, make it the most
desirable abode for man upon the whole earth.
Even in this wonderful age of progress its growth
in population, wealth, and civilization is unsur-
passed, nor has it been excelled in any age or
in any country. Into this vast region during
the present century has been poured the mighty
tide of population from the Old World and from
the eastern States of the Union. And still this
tide is unchecked in its onward flow. The
States of the Northwest were the hope and
succor of the nation in the day of its great and
sore trial. When the hardy sons of the eastern
States immigrated to their new homes they car-
ried with them the civilization and Christianity
of their childhood. They carried with them,
too, that love of country which in their breasts
ever lived second only in intensity to the love
they bore their God.
Sir, while I love the whole Union, and will
yield to no man in my devotion to it, I trust I
may be pardoned if upon this occasion I speak
freely of the people of my own section of this
vast country. I speak of them particularly
because I desire to see justice done them. I
remind you of their fidelity to all their obliga-
tions as citizens, and of their justice to the
East and to other sections of the Union, with
the hope that I may secure justice for them.
Sir, the gallant sons of the Northwest stood
fast by the Union in the day when traitorous
hands were raised to destroy it. Prom the
prairies and the forests they came, and, like an
avalanche, they swept down the Mississippi,
up the Tennessee and the Cumberland, and
with Sherman they marched to the sea. Others
did well; all deserve the gratitude of their
country ; but history will record that these
inscribed their names among the highest on the
scroll of their country's fame. But many who
went out to the fight never returned. Around
a hundred thousand hearthstones there arc
vacant chairs. More than a hundred thousand
he sleeping on distant battle-fields. Their
blood has crimsoned the waters of the Missis-
sippi, the Cumberland, and the Tennessee.
They sleep upon the battle-fields made immor-
tal by their undying valor. The long roll, the
rattle of the musketry, the roar of the artillery,
the shout of vietrrv nnver shall " awake them
