1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
to glory again.These the people of the North-
west gave to their country that the Union might
live and that liberty and free government might
be perpetuated.
When you of the East wanted your rivers and
harbors improved for your commerce, your
profit, and your defense, they generously aided
you and united with you in voting millions of the
public moneys for that purpose. l?or years
they have raised the great bulk of the agricul-
tural products of the country, and have paid
the greater part of their whole crop each year
to transport it to market. This they have been
lorced to do while the great Father of Waters
flowed constantly by their very doors, and
would, but for the obstructions in its channel,
and which could have been removed at a com-
paratively trifling cost, have borne their rich
crops to the sea-board at such rates as would
have greatly added to their wealth and pros-
perity.
The adoption of these measures which I urge
upon your attention will tend still further to
bind together in kindly union the North and
South, as it will facilitate intercourse and com-
merce between the two sections. It will assist
in enriching and strengthening the valley of
the Mississippi, until she shall stretch out her
mighty arms to either sea, and grasping in her
embrace the East and West, shall bind them
together in a bond of unity and love which
they will never have the will or power to break.
If we would perpetuate this Union wo must
adopt such measures as will facilitate commerce
and intercourse between the different sections.
Otherwise sectional interest will in the future
be the rock upon which the Republic will be
driven, and God grant that upon that rock she
may not be wrecked 1
It is by intercourse and an interchange of
products that people come to know one another
intimately. It is by such means that a unity
of'interest is secured between sections of coun-
try widely separated and which would other-
wise have nothing in common. Sir, a wise
statesmanship will constantly have in view, as
one of the most important objects to be accom-
plished in this country, the furnishing of the
cheapest and best possible facilities for com-
merce between its various parts. How else
shall we bind together in one, as with bands of
iron, this mighty empire, destined as it is to
spread and widen until it shall encompass the
land washed by the four oceans of North
America?
Let us. however, come a little closer to the
subject, that we may form some just estimate
of the great loss the States of the Northwest
have already sustained owing to obstructions
to navigation in the Mississippi river, and
which might be removed, as shown by the re-
ports of the Government engineers, at a cost
really trifling compared with the great advan-
tages to be gained. From the report of that
able and accomplished engineer officer of the
Government, General J. 11. Wilson, having in
charge the survey and improvement of the Rock
Island and Des Moines rapids in the Mississippi
river, and which report was made in the year
18G6, it appears that he estimates that the five
States of Illinois, Wisconsin, Missouri, Iowa,
and Minnesota, all bordering upon the river,
"annually furnish from one third to one half
of all the produce grown in the United States."
Among the leading productions which he men-
tions are wheat, corn, beef, and pork.
The Commissioner of Agriculture, in his
report for the year 1868, estimates the whole
corn crop of the United States for that year at
nine hundred and six million bushels. Of this
amount he estimates that the States of Illinois,
Missouri, Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin,
-Minnesota, and Iowa produced over four hun-
dred and sixty-five million bushels, being more
than half the entire corn crop of the whole
country. He also estimates the wheat crop of
the country for the same year to amount to two
hundred and twenty-four million bushels, and
that of this amount the eight States I have
named produced over one hundred and forty-
one million bushels, or more than one half of
the whole crop. The secretary of the Iowa
Agricultural Society, in his report, states that
the amount of wheat shipped from that State
by railroad during the year 1808 amounted to
a fraction less than nine million bushels.
In speakingof the products of the five tipper
Mississippi river States, which I have already
mentioned, and of their magnitude in the year
1861 and the two following years, General
Wilson says: " They not only contributed one
third in value to our entire exports, but gave
employment upon the ocean to more than one
half of our entire American tonnage, which was
equivalent to one fourth of all the tonnage of
all our transoceanic commerce." I have
referred thus briefly to the amount of some of
the products raised and exported by the States
of the Northwest for the purpose of impressing
upon this House the great importance of pro-
viding large facilities for the transportation of
such a vast tonnage.
It will be observed that the products of the
States of the Northwest are such as are needed
by the rest of the country and such as it must
have, and that the sections of country at all
dependent upon these States for breadstuffs are
and must be greatly benefited by their cheap
production and transportation. The same able
officer states that if the obstructions to the nav-
igation of the Mississippi river were removed
a bushel of wheat could be transported by that
route from the upper Mississippi to New York
fifteen cents cheaper than by rail, and that the
losses by detention and accidents on the lower
or Des Moines rapids alone amount to the sum
of $500,000 per annum, and that to cover extra
hazards by reason of these obstructions an
additional insurance of thirty-five per cent, of
the usual rates is demanded. It will be ob-
served that the estimated loss of $500,000 per
annum applies to only one obstruction and to
the freight actually passing upon the river,
taking no account of the vast amount diverted
from this natural outlet because of such ob-
structions. If in 18G8 Iowa exported by rail
more than eight million bushels of wheat it
was because of the hazard and delays in ship-
ment by the Mississippi river occasioned by the
obstructions in its channel. The fact that vast
quantities of freight are shipped by the river,
notwithstanding all the obstacles to be over-
come in its navigation, is sufficient proof that
if once freed from these it would do a great
part of the carrying trade and at an immense
saving to the producer. Not only would the
saving be upon the crops exported, but the
people would be benefited by the cheapening
of freights upon what they buy abroad.
Having spoken of the amount of wheat ex-
ported by rail from Iowa in the year 18C8, I
deem it proper to state that her whole crop for
that year amounted to twenty million bushels.
The same year Minnesota produced fourteen
millions, Wisconsin twenty-two millions, and
Illinois twenty-eight millions. During the
same year Illinois produced corn to the amount
of one hundred and thirty-four million bushels,
Iowa sixty-five millions, Wisconsin twelve mil-
lions, and Minnesota eight millions. _ When
we consider the amount exported by river and
by rail it is safe to say that these four States
exported more than forty million bushels of
wheat in a single year and untold millions of
bushels of corn. The annual commerce of the
Mississippi valley is estimated to reach the
enormous sum of two billions of dollars ; ^and
General Wilson estimates that the productions
of the five States bordering upon the upper
Mississippi amounted in value in the year 180G
to more than eight hundred and eighty mil-
lion dollars.
The annual loss sustained by the States of
the upper Mississippi alone, in consequence of
the obstruction of the river at the rapids, is
estimated to reach the sum of $10,000,000.
Mr. Speaker, while I would not disparage
the railroads or seek to take from them any
merit or praise that may be justly due to them,
or to the enterprise-and energy of the men
who have built and are now operating them, I
simply state a well-known fact when I say that
in this country they have become vast monop-
olies. While in many parts of the country
there is a large supply of roads within con-
venient distance, and such as might, with a
healthy competition, afford cheap freights to
the shippers and at the same time a good
profit to the railroads, -the latter; by com-
binations and consolidations, have so banded
together to oppress and-rob the people by
extortionate charges that in many places they
have scarcely left a sufficient profit for the pro-
ducer to justify him in shipping his products
to market. With the improvement of the great
rivers this state of things must in a large
degree pass away. With the life currents flow-
ing freely through these natural arteries, with
the obstacles to their navigation removed, and
with competition, as it ever must be, open and
free thereon to all, then, and not till then, will
the Mississippi valley have free and untram-
meled intercourse with the outer world. The
Mississippi river is by treaty, by law, and in
fact a great national public highway, forever
free alike to the citizens and to the commerce
of all the States. It can never be subjected to
tolls or charges, and consequently all sums of
money expended for its improvement must be
in a good degree to the common advantage of
all the citizens of the Union.
With the obstructions to its navigation re-
moved freights could be transported upon it at
a very low rate, and would always by competi-
tion remain only at a fair living profit to the
carrier. This would necessarily be so, for the
reason that competition being open and free
would of itself secure such a result. Not so,
however, with railroads. These are severally
owned and operated by a single corporation,
and the owners are left free to charge such rates
as they may see fit, regulating such charges only
by one standard—the ability of the shipper to
pay.
Sir, the great body of the people of the North-
west are a thousand miles from the sea ; they
have for the purpose of improving "their con-
dition and to secure cheap and rapid transit to
the sea-board given liberally of their means to
aid in the construction of railroads. Thousands
of them have given so liberally as almost to
reduce them to bankruptcy. They have done
this with the fond hope that when the roads
should be built the disadvantages of their in-
terior location would be.overcome; they have
given with the expectation that when the rail-
roads should be completed and in full and
successful operation the great productiveness
and wealth of their soil would enable them to
compete successfully with their brethren on
poorer lauds though nearer to market.
I regret to say these fond expectations have
not been realized. Scarcely had they warmed
these corporations into life and made them
strong and vigorous before the managers,com-
bined together for their impoverishment. - By
their extortionate charges they have wrung the
very life-blood from the farmers of the North-
west, while they have grown rich and insolent.
I say now and here that the oppressive and
extortionate charges of the railroads of the
country are a disgrace to a free and enlightened
people. The oppression and wrong is greater
and more deeply felt by the people of the
Northwest than in other sections, because they
are further from market. They have further
to transport their crops than have other sec-
tions of the Union, and further, to pay freight
upon what they buy upon the sea-board. For
these reasons there exists the greater necessity
that they should at the earliest possible day
have a channel of communication with the
sea, ample in capacity and open to all, by
which they may at all times secure cheap
transportation to and from the markets of the
world.
The improvement of the Mississippi river
