770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
is necessary in order that our manufactures
may be maintained; that these institutions can-
not compete with foreign prodae tions, &c. In
most cases, as before shown, this is a mere
pretext by which Congress is from year to
year worried into granting additional profits.
I do not believe that manufacturing would
decrease in the aggregate by even the most
sweeping reduction in the tariff, for it crip-
ples more industries than it aids ; but if it is
true that a specific manufacturer cannot carry
on his business without a prohibitory tariff
giving him an exclusive monopoly, if it is
really a losing business to that extent, the
question arises whether he ought to follow it
and ask other people to make up his losses
and pay him a profit besides? Ia any man
entitled to carry on a losing business by draw-
ing upon the fruits of other people's industry,
and if he does, is the country benefited by it?
A colony of twenty-five men settle upon an
island in the Pacific ocean. Twenty-four of
them select occupations which are adapted to
the climate and circumstances of the island,
and are therefore self-sustaining and profitable.
The twenty-fifth man insists upon carrying on
an occupation which does not pay; but he says
we must have a diversified industry, and de-
mands that all the others shall contribute to
him of their earnings enough to make up his
losses and a profit besides. Here you have
protection in a nutshell; and what is the effect?
in the first place the twenty-four men lose in-
dividually so much of the fruits of their industry
as they are obliged to contribute to the twenty-
fifth man. The total production or wealth of
the colony is decreased, for one of its mem-
bers is engaged in a losing business when he
might be employed in a profitable one. The
twenty-fifth man alone is benefited more or less
to the extent of the profits which he is able to
draw out of the pockets ofhis fellow-colonists.
Sir, a tariff can never increase the total pro-
duction or wealth of a country; it can only
change its distribution. The increased price
paid the manufacturer is taken out of the
pockets of others; it redistributes, and, worse
than that, its tendency is to concentrate wealth;
but the aggregate remains the same, for what is
added to one class of production is taken from
another, and no general gain arises.
WAGES.
The protectionist also tells you that a high
tariff brings high wages to the workingman.
There may be a nominal increase, but no real
benefit; for of what, I ask, does the value of
wages consist—of the number of dollars or of
what they will buy? High wages and high
prices are no better than low wages and low
prices. On the contrary, they may be worse,
as our present tariff shows ; for during seven
years of protection prices of necessaries of life
have advanced ninety per cent, and wages but
sixty. To talk to the workingman of high wages
in view of these facts is promising him a loaf
and giving him a stone.
It is not true that the average wages of labor
in a country can be increased by a protective
tariff. Certain enterprises may be stimulated
and make much show, but it is done at the
expense of others. Capital and labor may be
concentrated upon certain enterprises, but
only by withdrawing them from others. The
general wages fund: is not increased, because
the aggregate production of the country is not
increased; but labor is withdrawn from profit-
able self-sustaining employment, where it
already commanded high wages, to unprofit-
able employment where the same rate of wages
can only be maintained by contributions from
others. The continual strikes and disturb-
ances, also, which take place in the manufac-
turing districts indicate very clearly that while
proprietors may be realizing handsome profits
out of the tariff the employes are receiving
but little benefit from it.
THE VALUE or COMMERCE AND EXCHANGES.
Nor does it follow that by buying articles
from abroad we are supporting foreign labor
to the injury of our own. It is simply exchang-
ing the products of our own labor for that of
the foreigner; each one producing that which
from the circumstances under which ho lives he
can produce best and cheapest. For instance,
it seems that we can outdo Europe in the man-
ufacture of fire-anns, while Europe can outdo
us in cutlery. Why should we not exchange
the one for the other, to the mutual advantage
of both? Again, if Europe can make a yard
of cloth for one dollar while we cannot make
it for less than two, why should we not buy
European cloth for American flour, which we
can produce cheaper than Europe? If, on the
contrary, we insist upon making cloth ourselves
we simply pay two dollars to obtain by direct
production what we might obtain for one dol-
lar by indirect production; or, in other words,
it will take two days' labor to produce directly
what we might produce by exchange for one
day's labor.
Such is the value of a well-adapted system
of exchanges, and in a flourishing commerce
is to be found ihe true prosperity of our coun-
try. But the gentleman from Pennsylvania
says:
" However freo their institutions mny be, a peoplo
who cannot supply their own demand for iron and
steel, but purchaso it from foreigners beyond seas,
are not independent; noristheirdopendenoe rneroly
commercial; they are politically dependent."
If this sentiment is true, oh how much more
dependent must England be upon us; for it
looks to us for that which is more necessary
even than iron; it cannot supply its own bread-
stuff's, and obtains them in great part from
America. Sir, there is no nation independent
in the sense that the gentleman would have
us be. Nature in its organic laws has divided
its bounties among the various countries, bear-
ing different gifts to each, and thus laying the
foundation for that commerce which the wants
of civilization have constantly increased and
which is beneficial to all.
This whole theory of protection to certain
occupations is a transparent tissue of fallacies,
which cannot be hidden by appeals to prejudice
in the shape of one hundred .and two allusions
to England, British subjects, and provinces
which I find in the remarkable speech of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, not to speak of
the settlement of the Alabama claims, which
the ingenious gentleman has in some way made
to depend upon the tariff on iron.
The cry for revenue reform cannot be stifled
by such tactics, norbytheunscrupulousattacks
upon the personal character of the Commis-
sioner of the Revenue, in which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania so fondly indulges. Such
exhibitions generally betray a weak cause and
a desire to avoid a fair and impartial inquiry
into the real merits of a controversy.
The designs of Government should be equal
justice and protection to all; then it is a bless-
ing; but when Government begins to discrim-
inate between its citizens, when it establishes
privileged occupations supported by Govern-
ment patronage, and takes the fruits of indus-
try out of one man's pocket and puts it into
the pockets of another, then it becomes an
instrument of injustice and oppression.
THE CONSTITUTIONAL QUESTION.
I know it is customary now to ignore the
constitutional question involved ; but I reit-
erate without hesitation the opinionsheretofore
expressed by leading statesmen, that a tariff
laid for protection is wholly unconstitutional,
wholly foreign to the powers delegated to the
Federal Government. The Constitution author-
izes the levying of duties for revenue purposes
only; and while this power may authorize rev-
enue with incidental protection, it does not
authorize protection with incidental revenue.
Moreover, I deny the right of any legislative
body whatever to appropriate the earnings of
one citizen for the benefit of another; to my
mind this is legislative spoliation of private
property.
PROTECTION DEFEATS ITSELF.
But while upon the one hand I would not
foster any manufacturing industries by artifi-
cial process like a hot-house plant, upon the
other hand I would do nothingto destroy their
eminent usefulness where they arise as the
natural growth of the country. And as a friend
to these legitimate manufacturing industries I
denounce the present tariff, for in its enormity
it defeats itself and injures the general indus-
trial interests of the land which it professes to
benefit. First, we protect raw material, and
so the manufacturer of the first-class who
works up the raw material is exposed to loss
unless lie is in turn protected. But the articles
which he manufactures are in turn used in the
production of other articles, so that the man-
ufacturer of the second class must be protected
from the protection of the manufacturer of the
first class ^and so on from one to another, for
most articles of manufacture pass through a,
number of stages before they reach the con-
sumer. ■ ■
The wool-grower is protected on his wool,
and therefore exposes to loss the manufac-
turer of cloth, and every other article of which
wool is a component part, unless he is pro-
tected. The same is true of jute, hides, lum-
ber, salt, coal, iron, and a score of other raw
materials.
The producer of pig-iron being protected to
the amount of nine dollars per ton, every roll-
ing-mill and steel furnace, every manufacturer
of tools, machinery, and the thousands of
articles of which iron and steel are component
parts must be protected in a corresponding
degree; but tools and machinery again are used
in the manufacture of every other article, so
that prices of these must go up; and so we go
on from cause to effect, protecting Jones from
the protection of Smith, increasing the cost of
production all around, inflating prices until
foreign^countries will buy nothingfromus. Wu
cease to export and the balance of trade is
turned against us instead of for us, and tun's
protection defeats itself.
Sir, I stand here to protest against the con-
tinuance of this ruinous policy. During the
war just closed Congress has been compelled
to act'upon sudden emergencies rather thmi
upon any well-defined system of raising revenue.
It has yielded, too, to the persistent demands
of private interests until we have gradually
drifted from the low and easy duties of the law
of 1857 to a tariff which in its extent and rates
is unparalleled in the history of this or any
other country. I sincerely believe that there
is nothing which the interests, of my constitu-
ents and the country at large demand so much
as a speedy and thorough revision of this tarifl'
upon sound principles of taxation. Let us have
a well-adjusted tariff with an eye chiefly to
revenue, with duties so arranged as to fall
heaviest on the opulent and easiest on the labor-
ing classes. The demands of our revenue are
large and must inevitably continue to remain
so for a long period of time. It is evident,
therefore, thatsuch a. tariff will necessarily bring
with it incidental protection to a considerable
degree. Further than that we cannot go with-
out infringing upon the welfare of the people
at large, whose interests have been intrusted
to our care.
Mr. WILLIAMS obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. AMBLER, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at ten o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: The petition of H.
Thayer and 889 others, citizens of Iowa, pray-
ing Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Seth Brown and 131
others, residents of Delaware county, Iowa,
praying Congress to repeal the tariff on hides.
