1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
781
tains the most striking act of repudiation that
I have ever yet seen offered in Congress ex-
cept by my colleague, and he had only a single
vote; and that is, a proposition that in case
the banks will not take the new bonds we shall
hold in the Treasury the excess of interest and
deny the obligation of payment of interest pro-
vided for by the bonds now filed with the
Government of the United States.
Mr. THURMAN. What proposition by his
colleague does my colleague refer to ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not by my colleague in
the Senate, but one of my colleagues in the
House, who offered a proposition boldly to
repudiate the national debt. A proposition
contained in the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts offered yesterday expressly
declares that if a bank does not do so and so,
the Treasurer of the United States shall retain
in his hands one third of the interest on its
bonds without any provision to give the bank
an opportunity to withdraw them. "You must
take this new bond, or I will withhold one third
of the interest on your bond." That is the
provision. I will read it:
'' And if any national bank shall not furnish to the
Treasurer of the United States the new bonds, as re-
quired by this act, within three months after having
been notified by the Secretary of the Treasury of his
readiness to deliver suoh bonds, it shall be the duty
of the Treasurer, so long as such delinquency exists,
to retain froin the interest as may become due and
payable on tho bonds belonging to such delinquent
banks on deposit with him as security for circulating
notes, so much of such interest as shall be in excess
of four per cent, per annum on the amount of such
bonds, which exccss shall be placed to the credit of
the sinking fund of the United States."
In other words, it confiscates one third of
the interest on the bonds. The amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts
raises every question that is raised by a fund-
ing bill. There is the exemption of the bonds
from taxation, national, State, and municipal;
there is the exemption of the bonds from even
the income tax; there is every question pre-
sented in this amendment that can be pre-
sented in any funding bill. Now, the Senator
from Massachusetts need not be informed that
no person on this floor certainly has shown
himself more anxious than myself to reduce
the public debt, to devise some way to fund
the public ddbt at a lower rate of interest; but
it never occurred to me that we bad the power
to take these bankers and bondholders by the
throat and say to them, "You shall surrender
your bonds or we will take off and reserve in
the Treasury of the United States one third of
your interest." That never occurred to me;
and yet that is the effect of the proposition
submitted yesterday. It is true that the Sen-
ator now modifies it. The remarks T made
yesterday were upon the then pending propo-
sition ; but it is now modified; and yet it is a
funding bill.
The Senator now proposes to withdraw
$200,000,000 of greenbacks, the favorite circu-
lation of the people of the United States, and
circulate in their place bank notes. He knows
very well that if the Senate should be prevailed
upon in an evil hour to adopt this amendment,
it would be the end of all measures for the
redistribution of the banking circulation. _ Such
a proposition as that cannot be adopted in the
House of Representatives. But I ask the
Senator how will he retire and redeem the
$200,000,000 of greenbacks that he proposes
to retire by the operation of his amendment
as now offered? He withdraws $200,000,000
of greenbacks before the bank notes are issued
or as they are issued. Where does he propose
to get the money with which to pay $200,000,000
of greenbacks? Out of surplus revenue? Not
at all. He must do it by issuing new bonds,
by increasing the bonded debt. What kind of
bonds? What shall be their nature, what their
rate of interest, when shall they be payable,
and how taxable ? The very amendment now
offered by him raises inferentially every ques-
tion that is presented by a funding bill.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator is aware
that in my amendment, as originally sent to
the Chair, the very question that he puts is
provided for. I provide a bond expressly for
that occasion, and the Senator will remember
that I remarked in sending the first section to
the Chair, that I should ask a vote on what I
regard as the fundamental proposition. If that
should be adopted it would be then for the
Senate to proceed with the rest.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator admits what
I argued, and that is that his proposition is a
proposition to ingraft on this bill, for immedi-
ate relief, a funding bill, raising a multitude of
questions which will probably be debated here
two or three days. This is part of the very bill
introduced by the Senator that is now being
considered by the Committee on Finance, every
section of which has been carefully gone over
word for word, together with a multitude of
other projects sent not only from the Execu-
tive Departments, but from other members of
the Senate. We are now considering those
questions in the Finance Committee, and the
Senator seeks to complicate this bill by intro-
ducing all this wide field of discussion on this
simple bill to provide a partial remedy for a
great injustice.
Mr. President, we may as well talk plainly
in regard to this proposition. That some
measure for the distribution of the banking
circulation will pass this Congress I have no
doubt. The strength of the votes is here. The
Senator from Massachusetts himself admits
the necessity of it, the absolute justice of it,
and there are but two modes of doing it. One
is the plan proposed by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, to make the distribution according to
existing laws. If the Senator from Massachu-
setts wants a thorough measure, one that is
just and right and thorough, going to the bot-
tom as he says, let him take that. He objects
to ours as timid. If he wants a thorough
measure, one that is just and defensible and
right from beginning to end, let us do what is
right, and let the representatives from the
States which have an excess come forward and
say, " We will admit that the law shall be car*
ried out and that the advantage which we hold
in violation of law, in disregard of law, shall
not any longer be held by us." If he wants
what is called root and branch-work without
any regard to the interest of his constituents
or tho business relations of the country, if he
wants what is called a radical measure, I am
willing to support it and provide according to
existing law for a redistribution of the bank
circulation. That will draw from the three
States of Massachusetts, Connecticut, and
Rhode Island $56,000,000 of bank circulation,
more than enough to supply all the present
wants of the West and South.
Why should not this be done ? Why should
we not vote for the proposition of the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky? Here perhaps I
am touching upon what the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts calls our timidity. He says we
timidly approach this question. Why are we
timid ? Simply because we do not wish to do
injustice to his constituents. We do not wish
to disturb the business relations that have grown
up out of a practical violation of law. We do
not wish to compel the banks of New Eng-
land to sue their debtors and call in all their
credits. We timidly approach a question where
even the rights and interests of his constituents
are concerned. If the question were to be
decided according to the rights and interests
and wishes of my constituents I should vote for
the proposition of the Senator from Kentucky
to make root and branch work of this, and not
be arraigned here by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts for proposing a timid measure when
the only timidity of our proposition is that we
have declined to do justice, even against his
own constituents.
Now, Mr. President, let us go alittle further.
It is said that this measure is not sufficient.
That objection is well taken. Forty-five million
dollarsis not probably enough; but it is enough
for the present purpose; it is enough for two
years. The Comptroller of the Currency says
in his official report that $45,000,000 will prob-
ably be all that can be absorbed by the South
and West. My own impression is that' the
whole amount of $45,000,000 will not be ab-
sorbed ; that there will be ample verge enough
in the $45,000,000 to supply the waftts of all
the cotton States and of all the western States,
because banks cannot now be organized so
readily and so easily as they could a few years
ago. The bonds, which' are the basis of the
bank circulation, are very high in the market.
Men will think a gl-eat many times before they
will pay from ten to twenty per cent, premium
for bonds in order to make them the basis of
circulation. The operation of barfking will go
on with much more difficulty. During the war
theprofits of bankingwere very high. Now they
are not so high. I have no doubt, therefore,
that the measure proposed by the committee,
wbiie it may not be sufficient for all time; is
yet sufficient for two or'three years, during
which we are approaching specie payments.
It is ample for our present purpose, and there-
fore the amount ought not to be increased.
Then if $45,000,000 is not enough permanently
it is enough for one year at least, and we shall
be in session again next December, and can
then provide, if necessary, for a further distri-
bution.
But tho Senator asks why withdraw the three
per cent, certificates. I will tell him why. Be-
cause that is a currency Upon which we are now
paying to his constituents three per cent, inter-
est. The banks of his section hold it in their
vaults as part of their reserve. Nearly all those
three per cent, certificates are held in the Slate
of New York and in New England ; very few
of them are held anywhere else. Those banks
hold them as part of their reserve, and they are
now actually drawing three per cent, interest
on United States currency.
But the Senator, while stating correctly in
the main, has not stated with exact accurate-
ness the history of the three per cent, certifi-
cates. No one desired to issue the three
per cent, certificates. If he will look back to
the debate on the subject ho will find that I,
for one, took tho ground that it was the most
oppressive form of indebtedness; but we then
had a choice only between the three per cent,
certificates and more five-twenty bonds.
When the compound-interest notes became
due the Government paid off as many as it
could ; but there were some sixty or seventy
million dollars that it had not means to jiay.
The only question then was whether we shtfuld
authorize an increase of the bonded debt or
whether we should authorize the issuing of
these three per cent, certificates. It was sup-
posed that the three per cent, certificates would
be a temporary loan, kept out for a short time,
and rather than increase the bonded debt bear-
ing an interest of six per cent, in gold we
authorized the issue temporarily of three_ per
cent, certificates, and now they are held entirely
by the banks. Probably no individual in the
United States holds a three per cent, certificate
unless as the agent of a bank. They are held
in the vaults of the banks, locked up in the
safes of the banks. While they are there they
perform all the functions of a currency except
actual circulation among the people. They do
not pass from hand to hand, but they are held
by the banks in the place of greenbacks, and
the very moment they are paid off, unlocked,
discharged, greenbacks must float in and take
their place. _ ...
Now, what advantage is derived from calling
them in and issuing new bank circulation ? The
Government saves the payment of ™ree per
cent, interest on the certificates, and the banks
are compelled to hold greenbacks drawing
no interest, so that we save by the substitution
of greenbacks in the bank vaults for these three
per cent, certificates the interest we now pay
upon tho certificates. But that is not all.
these certificates are made the basis ot new
banks we tax the new banks equal to about
