782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
three per cent., so that iu this way we gain by
increased taxation on new banks three per cent.,
and we gain also by saving three per cent, in-
terest on the certificates, thus making a gain
in the way of investment to the United States
of at least six per cent, interest.
It is therefore the object of the Government
to retire these three per cent, certificates; and
if upon that retirement we can base a reason-
able increase of bank circulation in the south-
ern and western States so as to satisfy, at least
for a time, a just and well-founded complaint,
it seems to me instead of acting timidly and
foolishly and cautiously we are acting wisely
for the best interest of the Government and
the best interest of the people. But if the
States we have been endeavoring to protect,
whose people came to us last winter and begged
of us not to disturb their business relations,
think it is better to go back to the foundation
of this matter, to go back to the old law and
enforce that, let it be so, and let us adopt the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky. I
do not think so. I think we may without dis-
turbingany existing bank, without disturbing the
business of any community, without deranging
affairs anywhere, supply all the wants of the
South and West, at least for two years, by au
increase of banking circulation by the substi-
tution of bank notes for the three per cent,
certificates.
Now, in regard to the other branch of this
bill, the sections providing for free banking
upon a coin basis, I have no doubt that those
three sections will be the basis of all the banks
of the United States within a very short time.
Indeed, by the adoption of a funding bill, by
the adoption of measures that look to the re-
duction of the interest on the public debt, by
an increase of our revenue, by our improved
credit, by our enlarged production, by our
growing commerce, by measures that may be
adopted from time to time, we shall gradually
approach specie payments, and in that way all
banks will be banks upon a coin basis.
My honorable friend from Indiana, whose
opinions I always respect, seemed to think
that banks organized upon a gold coin basis
under this bill could not be maintained. Why,
sir, they have always been maintained. They
were maintained before the suspension of
specic payments and can be maintained now.
No bank ever held enough coin in its vaults
to pay off its notes ; and wo have provided
now in this bill larger securities for the pay-
ment of these coin notes than were provided
for any bank notes that were ever issued by
any bank organization that I ever read of.
We have provided for an actual reserve of
twenty-five per cent, in coin. We have pro-
vided for the deposit of bonds, payable princi-
pal and interest in gold, for twenty per cent,
more than the amount of the new notes.
There is absolute safety unless the Govern-
ment of the United States itself perishes and
its credit perishes.
But the Senator says these banks will not be
organized. Then what harm is done? We
shall at least have given to the Pacific coast
(where long experience has shown that they
cannot introduce the legal-tender currency of
the United States and where gold now circu-
lates and is the basis of all transactions) the
opportunity of forming banks upon the national
banking system. Why deny them that priv-
ilege? The Senator from Indiana is afraid of
contraction ; and yet he read from the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury that if we do
not adopt this system greenbacks will flow into
the Pacific States and thus create a contrac-
tion on the Atlantic sea-board. Why, sir, if
you let the people of California, Oregon, and
Nevada follow out the bent of their own inclin-
ations they will not have paper money at all
except it be paper money based upon coin. I
know, and their representatives are here to
speak for them, that they are anxious to inaug-
urate a system of banks based upon coin. Why
not give them the opportunity? If they are
organized and supplied with these coin notes,
as a matter of course it leaves more greenbacks
to circulate among us, and prevents the very
evil my honorable friend seems to contemplate
with terror.
But he made another great mistake. He
said that coin notes were not in circulation.
Why, sir, there are more coin notes in circula-
tion among the people of New York city to-
day than there are greenbacks.
Mr. MORTON. Will the honorableSenator
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator to state
now what he means by a coin note. Does he
mean anything more than a promissory note
which is to be paid in gold nominally, but
which is really paid in greenbacks according
to the value of gold on the day it falls due?
Mr. SHERMAN. What I mean by a coin
note is a note payable in eagles and half eagles
and dollars of gold, and not in paper currency.
I tell my honorable friend now that there are
in circulation in the city of New York between
forty and fifty million dollars that are essen-
tially bank notes, coin notes.
Mr. MORTON. I do not deny that such
notes are given; but the material fact is that
those notes are not redeemed in coin one time
in a thousand, but they are redeemed in cur-
rency at the value of coin the day they become
due. There is the important fact. The gold
is not there.
Mr. SHERMAN. Those notes arc redeemed
when presented with gold coin, and never in
any other way, at the Treasury of the United
States; and there is a little bit of redemption
occasionally here and there. People want to
change their coin notes into coin, and they
come to the Treasury and get it.
Mr. MORTON. Yon are speaking now of
gold certificates.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly: they are coin
notes. They are called gold certificates, but
they are in the form and similitude of bank
notes, circulating from hand to hand; and they
now actually transact a larger amount of the
business of the city of New York than is trans-
acted in greenbacks. My honorable friend
cannot be ignorant that the great commercial
transactions of this country are based upon
gold and settled in gold, and that these coin
notes, from the necessity of the case, are used
as a substitute for gold. The very fact that
private persons are willing to deposit their
gold in the Treasury of the United States and
receive therefor a certificate or a note without
interest, and to hold that note from month to
month and from year to year, shows that there
is a commercial demand for this kind of paper,
and that these coin notes are something that
is equivalent to coin and that has not the un-
certain fluctuating value of paper currency.
They are demanded now at the great commer-
cial centers of our country. They are de-
manded in Oregon and California, as is suffi-
ciently shown in this debate, and I know the
fact from correspondence with a great many
persons there. They would also be a conven-
ient agency in the city of New York.
But my honorable friend says that if a bank
on this basis were started in the city of New
York it would break. How could it break ?
Only in the same way that any other bank
could break ; but it could not break to the
injury of the note-holder unless after exhaust-
ing the twenty-five per cent, of gold on hand
the bonds in the Treasury were not sufficient
to redeem it, and thatis not a supposable case.
If there was any doubt about that, the amount
of notes to be issued ought to be restricted still
further. . Banking operations are carried on
upon the basis of confidence. The very mo-
ment you give to a bank that confidence which
alone will maintain it, its notes, whether payable
in currency or gold, will circulate in the com-
munity until a suspicion is cast upon its credit.
Then they will flow back to the vaults of the
bank, and if a portion of them are promptly
met confidence is restored, and the operation
goes on.
Sir, there is more safety and security in this
system of coin notes than there is in the paper
dollar. Why? Because paper fluctuates up
and down. Last year the fluctuation in paper
money amounted to forty-five per cent. Gold,
however, remained as stable as the eternal
hills, because it was not only the product of
labor, but it was labor and value itself. Your
paper money fluctuates among the bulls and
Dears of New York. The operations of three
or four men there almost produced a catas-
trophe, and nothing settled the matter except
the weight of gold in the money market. The
throwing of a little gold upon the market ended
that great panic.
I believe that this system of coin notes, if
banks are organized under the provisions of
this bill, without any sudden change in our
banking law, will gradually- take the place of
greenbacks and also of the ordinary bank
notes, and that as we approach specie pay-
ments the banks will base their operations
entirely on gold and silver coin. But if the
Senator is correct, if this expectation of mine
is delusive, what harm can it do? None what-
ever. It will at least give to the Pacific coast
an opportunity of having a stable and fair cur-
rency. It can do no harm anywhere. It will
give to the great' commercial centers, where
they propose to carry'on their operations in
gold, an opportunity to establish gold banks
with ample security.
Sir, there is nopossible objection to this bill
except the one stated by the Senator from
Massachusetts, and that is that the bill does
not go to the root of the difficulty. I confess
that that is an objection ; but if we have tim-
idly approached this question it has been in
favor of his constituents. If he is not satis-
fied, and those for whom he speaks are not,
satisfied, then let us go to the root of the mat-
ter. For myself I do not desire to see any
injury inflicted on any portion of our people.
I believe that the measure proposed by the
committee, giving to the South and West a
small increase of their banking currency, which
will enable them to get on for two years with-
out any cause of complaint, will be a sufficient
measure for the present. It will not furnish
the equalization that is desirable; but the West
and South will have no reasonable cause to
complain so long as banking facilities are open
for them, even if New England has more than
itsshare. The South cannot complain when she
may go to the Treasury of the United States
and receive banking circulation upon the same
terms and conditions that New England has
hers.
If the system is free to the extent provided
there can be no ground for objection, although
one portion of the country has more than
another. It is only when it is bound round
by an iron monopoly that there is objection to
it. If ยง45,000,000 is not enough for the de-
mand, even that would create a monopoly ; but
from the best information that the committee
had, from the statement of the Secretary of the
Treasury, from the statement of the Comp-
troller of the Currency, from whom we have an
official document that $40,000,000 or perhaps
ยง35,000,000 will cover all the applications
made from the southern and western States, we
thoughtthis measure would be auseful one, and
concluded not to propose anything more radi-
cal. Besides, this timid measure that my hon-
orable friend comments upon is the one sug-
gested by the President of the United States,
who is not a very timid man ; and this very
bill meets the hearty approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury, from his own State.
It seems to me that for the Senator to char-
acterize everything which does not come up to
his standard of what is right as wrong is rather
going too far. The truth is that my. honorable
friend has introduced a bill that has a great
many good things in it. I have read that bill
probably as often as he has, and probably know
