1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
785
revenue service in 1868, and which bears the
test of examination, as shown by the increase
of population from time to time in the United
States. That shows a population in the six
New England States in 1868 of 3,644,568,
less than one tenth of the population of the
Union. What amount of the national bank
currency did those six States have? What have
they now according to the last report of the
Comptroller of the Currency ? One hundred
and four million five hundred and nine thou-
sand nine hundred and nineteen dollars, being
$28 G7 per capita to every man, woman, and
child in the New England States.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague is inaccu-
rate in the figures. It is a great deal more
than that.
Mr. THURMAN. I am willing to take it
at that. It is bad enough even at that.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is nearly fifty dollars
an inhabitant. The population of New Eng-
land by the last census was about three mil-
lions, if I remember aright.
Mr. THURMAN. Three millions six hun-
dred and forty-four thousand five hundred and
sixty-eight.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps you are right.
Mr. THURMAN. I think I shall be found
to be right, for taking New England at four
millions, which I estimated her at when I had
occasion to examine this question a year ago,
and which would be her population by adding
from 1860 up to this time the annual increase
of throe and a fraction per cent., the amount
of her circulation was, as well as I recollect,
about thirty-one dollars per capita.
Mr. SHERMAN. The error was this: sev-
eral of the New England States have no more
than their proportion. For instance, I think
the State of Maine, perhaps, and two or three
others, have not much more than their propor-
tion ; but taking the three leading States, Mas-
sachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut, the
average is about fifty dollars an inhabitant.
Mr. THURMAN. _ That may be; I do not
say how that matter is; but I take the whole
of those States and it makes $28 67 per head.
Now, take the middle States and the Dis-
trict of Columbia. New York, New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, and the
District of Columbia have a population of
10,227,000, and a circulation of $127,916,972,
being $12 87 per capita.
Now, take the great Northwest. I use that
word "great" with respect to her territory, not
for the purpose of bragging. I take the States
of Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, Wiscon-
sin, Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, Kansas, Ken-
tucky, Nebraska, and Nevada. I include Ne-
vada because it was in the calculation which
I had seen and saved me some figuring. Their
population is 14,120,772, and their circulation
$57,644,066. The per capita is only $4 08.
That is the condition of the Northwest^
Now take the southern States. "Virginia,
West Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louis-
iana, Texas, Arkansas, and Tennessee,_ have
a population of 9,423,883, and a circulation of
$9,143,935—per capita ninety-seven cents. The
single city of Providence, Rhode Island, has
almost as much circulation as the whole of
these southern States. She has $3,872,0«5,
while they have only $9,143,935.
I confess I am amazed to hear anybody say
that this system of injustice, this state of in-
equality and wrong, ought to be perpetuated,
and that if not perpetuated injustice is done to
the States whose banks have such an excess ot
circulation. Sir, do these New England banks
and the banks of New York need that circula-
tion for their own people ? Is it for tneir own
people that they must have such a circulation !
When in the world, before your national bank-
ing system was adopted, did the six r*iew
England States ever have a circulation ot
$104,000,000 ? And it must be remembered
that they have their share of greenbacks too.
41 st Conu. 2d Bess.—No. 50.
When did they ever find it necessary to have
any such circulation as that? Never in the
world. No, it is not for their own purposes,
it is not for their own business; but it is to
have certain things which you by your law
have made to circulate as money, to wit, the
national bank notes, to lend at usurious rates
of interest to other sections of the country
that they cling with such tenacity to the advan-
tage which they have.
Everybody knows how it works. We see it
in Ohio well enough. Every fall when our wool
crop and our wheat crop are ready to bemoved,
what do we find? We find money borrowed
from New York, money borrowed from Bos-
ton, money borrowed from the New England
States by the people of Ohio to move their
crops, and what is the money they get ? They
get these national bank notes, and upon them
the people of Ohio pay an annual tribute in the
way of interest to these monopolists of this cur-
rency. It is a regular drain upon Ohio. But,
sir, it is felt iu Ohio very much less than in
other States, because Ohio has nearer her pro-
portion of the national bank currency to which
she is entitled; perhaps very nearly the full
amount to which she is entitled. But how is
it with the South ? How is their crop to be
moved but by burrowing money at usurious
rates of interest from these people who have a
monopoly of the currency?
It is giving therefore to the people in one
section a monopoly of the privilege of issuing
notes to circulate as money, and making all
other parts of the Union tributary to them,
drawing money from all other parts for the
loan of their credit; for it is nothing but bor-
rowing credit. Congress has authorized these
banks to issue notes and loan them. It is
nothing but a loan of credit; and while the
people of the South and the people of the West
could, if you would allow them to do it, carry
on their business and move their crops on their
own credit, you by this system and this inequal-
ity compel them to borrow the credit of the
people of New England and the people of New
York and pay interest for it; and just to that
exteutdo you drain the people of the West and
drain the people of the South. It is nothing
but tribute. It is as much tribute as if you
required the tax-gatherers of the United States
to levy so much taxes upon the people of the
West and upon the people of the South and
pay those taxes, not into the national coffers,
but into the coffers of the national banks of
the East.
My colleaguo was perfectly right in saying,
and I rejoiced to hear him say it, that this is
an injustice which will not be submitted to.
When I heard him make that declaration,
when I felt strengthened by that declaration,
I was sorry to see that his performance, in the
shape of this bill, came so much short of his
sense of justice and of right.
Mr. President, I see no way to_ get at this
injustice but to take the course indicated by
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] and
redistribute this currency. 1 do not ask you
to redistribute it all at once. I do not wish to
disturb the business relations of any section
of this Union. I have no prejudices against
any section of the Union. I do not wish to
destroy trade ; but I wish something like jus-
tice done ; and if we cannot have a complete
redistribution now, let us begin that redistri-
bution in the right way, and ultimately carry
it to its proper end.
Mr. CONKLING rose.
Mr. THURMAN. I shall be through in a
moment; and the rising of my friend from
New York reminds me to say a few words
about his State. Why, sir, in the olden time
the banks of New York city had the least cir-
culation of any banks in the country. I believe
the Manhattan Company never issued a note
before it became a national bank. I recollect
when the great Bank of Commerce had a cir-
culation of only two or three hundred thou-
sand dollars. You do not want a large circu-
lation of bank notes in a great city. You do
your business upon checks; you have your
clearing-houses. You do not need anything
like the amount of-currency per capita that
the people in an agricultural district do, where
there are no bank check% where nobody takes
bank checks, where nobody keeps a bank
account, where there is no clearing-house,
where everything is done with money. There
the amount of money per capita needed is
much greater than it is in a great commercial
center, like New York or London,where almost
everything is done by checks or by mere credits
in the clearing-house.
But, now, how is it under the present sys-
tem ? Why, sir, under this national bank-
ing system the banks of the city of New Y"ork
have monopolized the lion's share of the cur-
rency. They have done it with greatinjustice
to the country banks of New York. If the
statement of a bank president from western
New York that I had on my table yesterday is
correct, and I see no reason to doubt it, the
city banks under this national banking system
have monopolized the currency that ought
properly to belong to the rural districts of that
State. But, sir, it is of no use to go into de-
tails ; it is of no use to chop up a State in such
a manner as this in order to show the inequality
1 complain of.
Mr. CONKLING. _ Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator is going
to supervise the internal affairs of New York
in this respect I will not indulge my curiosity;
but I should like to know whether he intends
the Senato to understand that New York js to
be associated, as he seems to have associated
New York, with New England, as blamable
in respect of excess of circulation 1
Mr. THURMAN. I have not used the
word "blamable." I have not blamed any-
body.
Mr. CONKLING. That is my word; but I
understood the honorable Senator to classify
New York with New England in this regard ;
and my question is, whether he means to say
to the Senate that the State of New York is in
excess with respect to the circulation which
has been distributed to her?
Mr. THURMAN. I do. I will answer the
Senator now.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator be kind
enough to state what he deems the excess New
Yorkenjoys in circulation?
Mr. THURMAN. By the report of the
Comptroller of the Currency the State of New
York has $68,553,175 of circulation. You have
four million population, one tenth of the pop-
ulation of the United States, and you have
$08,000,000 of circulation. Having one tenth
of the population, if the national bank cur-
rency were distributed according to popula-
tion it would give you $30,000,000. You have
$8,000,000 more than twice $30,000,000; and
therefore I do say the State of New York is
very greatly in excess. I hope my friend is
satisfied on that subject.
Mr. CONKLING. In answer to that re-
mark I beg to say that I think the Senator is
quite mistaken, and at a more appropriate time
1 will endeavor to tell him why.
Mr. THURMAN. I shall be happy to be
corrected now.
Mr. CONKLING. No, I will not disturb
you. . ,
Mr. THURMAN. If I am mistaken it is
because the Comptroller of the Currency is
mistaken. He says that you have $68,000,000
of circulation in New York. I say that if the
currency were distributed according to popu-
lation you would have only $30,000,000, and
therefore you are in the same category with
the New England States. _
Mr. President, I believe I have said all that 1
care about saying on this subject. If we wish
