1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
789
bring into play all the peaceful and beneficent
influences of business through the liberal en-
couragement by equal and friendly legislation
of all the industrial and commercial interests
of the South. The South now needs your
aid. Dig out her harbors; give her the share
of bank circulation which belongs to her ; aid
to build her railroads, and in every way by
your practical legislation aid to upbuild her
material interests, and to give encouragement
to her national enterprises, and you will not
simply have benefited your common country,
but you will have done a wise work in the
matter of the reconstruction of these States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Indi-
ana, to strike out " forty-five " and insert
" fifty-two."
Mr. MORTON. Before the vote is taken on
that amendment, I desire to say 
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator if he proposes to go on with
his remarks at this hour to-night?
Mr. MORTON. Not if the Senate desires
to adjourn.
Mr. RAMSEY. I understand there is a
desire on the part of the Senate to adjourn at
this hour, but I do not like to make the motion
if the Senator from Ohio resists it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would like to adjourn
myself, but I think we can get a vote to-night.
I think we ought to do so.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will make a motion to
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Indiana yield to the Senator from Minne-
sota for that purpose?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota moves that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; there being on a
division—ayes 30, noes 10; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 20, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Rev. Dr. Nkwmaj?, Chaplain of the
Senate. ,
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
AVONDALS MINE ACCIDENT.
Mr. HAY, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mines and Mill-
ing be requested to investigate into the causes which
occasioned the late horrible accident .in the Avon-
dale mine, in the State of Pennsylvania, and report
to this House, if there be power under the Constitu-
tion, a bill embodying such provisions as will, so far
as practicable, prevent the oeeurronec, hereattor ot
accidents of a similar character in the coal mines
throughout the United States.
MRS. LAURA BAKER.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on Invalid^Pen-
sions be directedto consider tho <expediency of graiit-
tag a pension to Mrs. Laura Baker, widow of^Low
Baker, late private company k. twelfth regiment
Connecticut volunteers, whoso paper  aie now on
file in the office of the Commissioner of Pensions, and
whose case is not covered by existing law^.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS IK THE SOUTH.
Mr. COX by unanimous consent, submitted
the following preamble and resolution ; which
were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it is asserted that officers of the United
States Army upon duty in tho treasuries
in receipt of salaries both from the State treasuries
qnrl thf  Treasury of the United States, contraiy to
thoiawsoftho UnitedStatesandoftheStatoswherein
they are stationed: Thereioro,
Be it resolved, That the fceeretary 13f \V ar oftletfni
hp nnd he is hereby, directed to inquire
report to this House whether there is any truth m
such allegations; and if so what orders ho has made
in the premises.
PACIFIC ItAILROAD.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution for con-
sideration at the present time:
Resolved, That the honorable the Secretary of the
Treasury be directed to furnish to this House at his
earliest convenience a full and detailed statement
of the amount of accruing interest which the Gov-
ernment of the United States has been compelled to
pay in discharge of its guarantee on the.bonds issued
by the Government to the Union Pacifio Railroad
Company, the Central Pacific Railroad Company,
and their respective branches and auxiliary roads;
also, the amount of interest, if any, paid by said
roads on said bonds; also, the amount of Gov-
ernment freight in tons, and the gross amount of
charges thereon, transported by the So vemment over
sai.l roads and their respective branches as aforesaid
since said roads have been opened for transport-
ation, and the rate of charge per ton per mile which
said roads have charged the Government for trans-
porting such freight as aforesaid; also, the rate per
mile of farejier- capita which said roads havecharged
the Government for the transportation of troops over
said roads and their branches; also, to give tho rea-
sons, if any, why the amount of Government bonds
so issued to said companies as aforesaid have been
withdrawn from the official periodical statements of
the public debt oftho country; also, if the means ot
such information aro within the Department, to fur-
nish a full and complete list of all the stockholders
in said Union and Central Pacifio Railroad Compa-
nies; the amount of stock held in trust by third per;
sons, the names of such trustoes, and the names of
the persons for whose benefitsuch stock issohelam
trust; the amount of stock held by each stockholder,
whether in trust or otherwise; the amount each
stockholder has paid upon his stock, and the balance
yet due and unpaid thereon.
Mr. KELSEY. I believe nearly all that
information is now in possession of the nouse,
and I think the resolution misstates several
particulars.
The resolution was adopted.
PUBLIC WORKS AT OSWEdO.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to;
Reiolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
roport to tho Houso what extension of tho public
works at Oswego, Now York, is necessary for the
proper accommodation and protection of the com-
merce of that port.
FRANKING PMVILKUK PiSTITiOXb.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution; •
Resolved, That tho Postmaster General be directed
to inform this House by what authority of law ho
has transmitted to tho several deputy postmasters
of the United States blank forms of petitions to Con-
gress with instructions to procure signatures to the
same in ordor to influence legislation.: and also
by what authority and under what appropriations
said petitions were printed, by whoso direction, and
the total number and cost of the same.
Mr. PETERS. I object.
Mr. WOOD. Well, I shall offer the resolu-
tion in order on Monday next.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill.
Mr. WOOD. I object, and call for the reg-
ular order of business.
league island navy-yard.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
commences, and the House resumes the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 480) for the
transfer of the Philadelphia navy-yard to
League Island, reported from the Committee
on Naval Affairs. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Washburn] is entitled to the floor
for fifteen minutes, yielded to him by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. RaxdallJ
who has fifty-five minutes of his hour remaining.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire,
Mr. Speaker, to occupy a few moments of the
attention of the House in showing that though
League Island was a fit place for a navy-yard,
we should still oppose its establishment, either
now or hereafter, and I utterly dissent from my
colleague on the committee [Mr. Dawes] who
concedcd that at some time a navy-yard was to
be established at League Island. England has
become satisfied that theplace to build her naval
ships is private yards, and I could demonstrate
had I time that itcosts us at least two dollars tor
every dollar's worth of work done in a.navy-
yard, and that our true policy is to build up
private yards. The bad temper and worse man-
ners exhibited by the friends of this measure
does them no credit, but I care not to advert
to that. The desperate fortunes of a bad cause
excuse, perhaps, some ill-temper, and I will
not complain. Nor will I advert to the at-
tempt to place the Committee on Appropria-
tions in a false position. It is not the first time
that a vicious measure has sought success by
endeavoring to ally the Administration with it.
I have the success of the present Adminis-
tration too much at heart to be willing to allow
any such measure as this to pass unchallenged,
and time will show who are the Administration's
best friends; those who would use it in aid of
such schemes as this, or those who would pro-
tect it from such alliances. But what I wish
more particularly to say to-day is in regard to
restoring the commerce of the country, and to
show its bearing upon the navy.
In the year 1861 the commerce of the world
was carried on by a total tonnage of 17,434,149
tons. Of that amount about one third was
American and was nearly equal to the com-
bined tonnage of the rest of the world, exclus-
ive of Great Britain, and within a very small
fraction equaled that of the United Kingdom.
Of this vast amount of tonnage one half was
engaged in the foreign carrying trade. In that
year four hundred and seventy-two American
ships entered the port of London alone.. Of
that number two hundred and sixtyfour were
engaged in the carrying trade of the world
between foreign ports. In the year 1866 but
twenty-two American ships thus engaged en-
tered that port, and our tonnage employed in for-
eign commerce had diminished over one million
tons, while during the same period the tonnage
of Great Britain had increased over one million
five hundred thousand tons. The cause of the
decline of our commerce and increase of that
of Great Britain is well known. Piratical rebel
cruisers built and fitted out m the ports of
Great Britain with the knowledge and consent
of the Government authorities, manned by Eng-
lish sailors, armed with English" guns, with
English powder and English shot and shells,
were let loose upon the ocean to prey upon our
commerce in a manner so wanton and shame-
less that Richard Cobden was constrained to
say in the English Houso of Commons, "You
have been carrying on war from these shores
against the United States, and have been in-
flicting an amount of damage on that country
greater than would have been produced by
many ordinary wars." It was thus that our com-
merce was destroyed and virtually driven from
the ocean, and as the natural and certain result
Great Britain became the master of the com-
merce of the world. For nine long years has
she reaped the reward of her perfidy m having
a monopoly of thatcommerce. We quietly and
meekly submit. The damages sustained by us
cannot be measured or discharged with money.
The hundreds of thousands of lives sacrificed
through a war prolonged for years by British
sympathy and aid cannot be paid for or our
destroyed commerce be restored by British
gold. There can be no settlement of our griev-
ances unless we are willing to be put off with
aUButfs°iffi think that I do not misunderstand
the feeling that penetrates to the very heart of
this nation when I say that the Government
which in our hour of trial and deepest afflic-
tion thus aided in the slaughter of our men
and destruction of our ships never will be tor-
given so long as she is " possessed of those
effects for which she did the murder.' As the
crime cannot be condoned, and no equivalent
can be given for losses sustained, why prolong
the controversy 1 There is but one thing to do,
and that is to bide our time. In the mean time
shall wo surrender quietly to our attempted
destroyer the supremacy of the seas and allow
her to continue to control the commerce of the
world ? If we but do that she will no doubt
continue to express her deep regret that any
unkind feelings should have sprung up between
the two countries. Let English statesmen and
Englishmen protest as they may, I believe
that the universal Sentiment of this country is
