790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
that the ruling classes of Great Britain were
nearly unanimous in desiring our dismember-
ment and overthrow. There were a few hon-
orable exceptions, and they will never cease
to be gratefully remembered, and I believe
that England's queen may be numbered among
these. To place ourselves in position to right
our wrongs when opportunity shall come, as
come it will, our first step is to restore our com-
merce. If we are ever to have a war with any
of the great Powers of earth it will be a war
upon the ocean.
Admiral Porter has said before a committee
of this House that if we had had when our late
civil war began thirty good merchant steam-
ships like the ships of the Cunard or Inman
lines we could in a month have improvised
a navy worth more than our entire Navy after-
ward built up at such enormous cost. Though
we spent during the war $480,000,000 on the
Navy, Admiral Porter says that we had but a
single ship, and that a merchant ship—the
Vanderbilt—that could overtake a blockade-
runner in any fair race. He further says, and
I have no doubt of its accuracy, that if we had
had thirty such ships to speedily have converted
into war ships the rebels never could have got
out a pound of cotton or in any supplies, and
the rebellion would have been strangled almost
at its birth. Who can calculate the value of
such ships at such a time? Shall we continue
to be without them?
By a judicious system of subsidies Great
Britain has built up lines of iron steamships
to all parts of the globe. Leaving her ports
for foreign shores she has one hundred and
sixty-four different steamship lines, many of
them having from ten to twenty first-class iron
ships. Arrivingand departing from our shores
are the Cunarders, of twenty-four ships; the In-
man, sixteen: the National, and Williams, and
Guion lines, as many more; the London line,
four ; Anchor line, twenty-four, and the Allen
line, running in winter from Portland and sum-
mer from Quebec, a dozen more ; making about
one hundred first-class swift iron ships that
reach our shores belonging to England alone.
She has. thus encouraged ship-building and the
establishment of ship-yards to such an extent
that by calling her private yards into requisi-
tion she can double the capacity of her navy
within a very few months; and converting her
swift merchant steamers into cruisers in one
month's time, she would annihilate what little
commerce we have left. To match her what
has the great Republic? Nothiug, absolutely
nothing. Not a single steamship bearing the
Americp.n flag now crosses the ocean, though
our exchanges are greater than ever before
known. In any war with Great Britain her
vulnerable point is her commerce, and we
should be ready to strike it with swift ships.
We can have no such ships unless we en-
courage their construction. We spend twenty-
five to thirty millions a year on our Navy, main-
taining many foreign squadrons upon seas
where our commerce is almost annihilated,
and a flag-ship of the first class to support
the dignity of some old admiral who has per-
haps long since outlived his usefulness, if use-
fulness he ever had, when the cost of maintain-
ing one such admiral's ship alone is greater
than the amount that would be required in aid
of a weekly line of the swiftest merchant
steamships. In saying this I do not wish to
be understood as reflecting on Admiral Far-
ragut and his pleasure trip to the countries of
Europe. If he desired it he deserves a pleas-
ure ship for the rest of his life and a monu-
ment of gold when dead.
Two million dollars a year, or seven per
cent, of what is asked to support the Navy,
will put afloat four weekly lines of swift iron
ships between the United States and Europe,
and give you a fleet of thirty most effective
ships in time of war; would enable you to
wrest a large amount of the carrying trade
from Great Britain, and when war comes to
strike her most effective blows in her most
vulnerable part. Having in view the restor-
ation of our commerce and strengthening the
Navy when the hour shall come to strike, I
propose to take from the usual naval appro-
priations a sum sufficient to establish and build
up three transatlantic and one South American
line. I call upon the party that w-ould pro-
tect American industry upon the land to also
aid in protecting it upon the sea. Protection
in the one case is obtained through the medium
of our tariff laws. Protection in the other can
be obtained by admitting whatever goes into a
ship duty free. As we build no transatlantic
steamships now the revenue cannot suffer.
Being in favor of protecting American labor
and American enterprise, both on sea and land,
I have prepared a bill, to which I shall ask the
attention of Congress. It provides for the
establishment of four lines of swift iron ships;
it incorporates four companies, naming as cor-
porators some of the best and most responsi-
ble men of the country, and gives all who
desire it an opportunity to take stock in the
lines, though I have but little hope that the
stock of over one line will be taken up at pres-
ent. It requires them to carry the United
States mails as rapidly as by any ships afloat,
and in consideration it guaranties a subsidy
equal only to seven per cent, of what is asked
for our Navy. That amount I propose to save
from where it effects little or no good and apply
it whero it will add to the honor and wealth of
the nation and give us in the hour of danger a
fleet of ships to prey upon the commerce of our
enemy more formidable and efficient than all
wo now possess. It is time for Elijah Pogram
to cease his boasting and turn his attention, to
our real condition and endeavor to devise some
remedy.
All these Pennsylvania gentleman who have
spoken have adverted to the fact that I brought
in and carried through the House an appropri-
ation of §200,000 for the Des Moines rapids. I
plead guilty to that charge, and I am willing to
defend my action in that instance everywhere.
The reasons why I reported the bill were stated
at the time, and two of the gentlemen who now
arraign me wei'e satisfied and voted for it.
They seem to think that because they voted
for a very proper bill, in which all the people
of the country who want cheap bread are inter-
ested, that therefore I am bound to reciprocate
the favor and vote for what I regard as an
improper bill; and I am told that some of
these gentlemen have threatened that if mem-
bers oppose this bill Pennsylvania will remem-
ber them when bills in which they are interested
shall come up. If gentlemen wish it under-
stood that such is to be their line of policy so
be it. I can tell these gentlemen that I shall
ask them to support no measure that is not
commended to their judgment, and I shall
reserve to myself the same right that I concede
to them. 1 am sure that Pennsylvania, League
Island being out of the question, will ask quite
as much legislation as Wisconsin and quite as
much forbearance of legislation.
Mr. RANDALL. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Hill] for ten
minutes.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the pur-
pose of correcting an impression made by the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] in a remark made a few days ago
while speaking on the League Island bill. In
speaking of the honorable Secretary of the
Navy, he said:
"I know he speaks of economy and the saving of
money, but, sir, the great point upon which I find
that he has expended his energies is upon the prom-
ise he holds out to the House that he will save
82,000,000 upon the article of coal alone, the wholo
estimate for which for the last two years was less
than $150,000 a year
And with asneerheridiculedthe Secretary's
views of economy and attempted to create the
impression that it had cost less than $150,000
the last year of Secretary Welles's administra
tion to supply the Navy with coal because that
administration had asked for an appropriation
of less than that sum. Now, sir, what called
out this extraordinary and uncalled-for attack
on the Secretary of the Navy ? The Secretary
in his report says ;
"To securo thegreatest amount of efficiency, with
greater economy at the same time, all the steamers
susceptible ofit, which have been repaired or fitted
out, have been given full sail-power and rerigged.
so that without interfering with their speed or effect-
iveness under steam, they are now entirely inde-
pendent of it, and are able to cruise wnerever re-
quired, or, if need be, to go round tho world without
deterioration of boilers or machinery, and without
consuming their coal, which is thus reserved for
times of nocessity or danger. The shin-rig consid-
ered tho most efficient for cruisers has been already
givon to forty vessels of this class, which have been
or are now being altered.
" The success of those which have been completed,
including among their number, as marked instances,
tho Severn, Juniata, Mohican, Nantasket, Resaca,
Lancaster, and Swatara, has illustrated the wisdom
of tho plan. The capacity of these vessels for every
service is proved by trial to have been greatly im-
proved, without loss of speed or efficiency when under
steam; and theDepartmentis convinced that, by this
system, combined with a judicious and practical
selection of simpler and more effective engines, boil-
ers, and propellers, the efficiency of our force will be
doubled, and at tho same time much money saved.
Many of our foroign coal stations have already been
discontinued, and orders have been issued to the
commandants of the squadrons, directing them not
to permit tho consumption of eoal for any purpose
which could be as well performed under sail, and re-
quiring a report to the Department ofany deviation
from the general rule, with tho reasons for it in each
instance. .
"The result has already been a large saving. Sev-
eral of our most effective cruisers have consumed no
eoal since tho receipt of the order, it can be shown
by figures that this system of giving and requiring
the general use of full sail-power, besides its effect
to make sailors of both officers and men, will, on tho
vessels intended to bekeptin commission, (calculat-
ing that they cruise but two thirds of the time)
mako, in the itom of coal alone, as consumed under
tho old system, a saving of more than two million
dollars per annum."
For these plain words on economy the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts, while
advocating it himself, attempted to bring in
contempt and ridicule the Secretary of the
Navy, characterizing him as a mathematician
who at the same rate of figuring would pay off
the public debt in five years.
The statement made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts was that the estimate for coal
for the Navy the last year of Johnson's admin-
istration amounted to less than one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars. Nov/, at that time,
with nearly fifty steamers in the service, and
running at least three quarters of the time, let
us seo if this amount would be sufficient to
meet tho expense of coal consumed and the
necessary outlay attending its use for that year,
and we shall find out who is the true mathema-
tician, the Secretary or the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
The books of the Bureau of Equipment in
the Navy Department show that in 1868 (Mr.
Welles's administration) 28,500 tons were pur-
chased by the bureau at thirteen dollars per
ton, which, with coal freight and expenses,
amounted to $370,000. Of this amount of coal
18,500 tons were shipped to coaling stations
and 10,000 tons were shipped to navy-yards.
Approximate estimate of purchases on for-
eign stations in addition to shipment by bureau :
South Atlantic station, 3,000 tons at $15  $15,000
European station, 6,000 tons at $8  4S.OOO
South Pacific station, 5,000 tons at $18  00,000
North Pacific station, 2,000 tons at $25  50.000
Asiatic station, 5,000 tons at $20  100,000
333,000
Amount as above  370,000
Total  @703,000
Besides this, from January 1, 1868, to June
30, 1868, the amount drawn from appropria-
tion for fuel was $470,000.
After July 1,1868, the appropriation for fuel
and equipment was merged under the head
of equipment, and no correct estimate can be
made of the amount taken from that appro-
priation for coal except by an examination of
paymasters' vouchers.
These figures do not exactly agree with those
given by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The estimates given do not include the
