792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
that every dollar that maybe realized from the
sale of the property which is proposed to be
vacated shall be covered into the Treasury; so
that if the bill be passed with that amendment
not a single dollar can be expended for the
object in view without a special appropriation
by Congress.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
the fact that the opposition made to this bill
on the ground that it makes an appropriation
of money is not true in. point of fact. The
bill does not appropriate one dollar. Gentle-
men can with safety vote for the proposition,
and if at any future time an appropriation
should be asked, which I hojje may not be
necessary, they can make their objection at
that time. It will then have force; but as
against the proposition now before the House
the objection lacks force.
Now, sir, as to the character of this island,
it is a subject which has been fully discussed,
and, as 1 think, made clear beyond further
controversy; but as additional evidence on
this question I will ask the Clerk to read the
report of a naval board appointed by Mr.
Borie, the late Secretary of the Navy, on the
11th of March last. That board, consisting of
Admirals Stribling and Lardner and Commo-
dore Lee, was appointed to ascertain and re-
port on the condition and wants of our navy-
yards on the Atlantic coast.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Tho removal of the navy-yard from the city to
League Island makes it unnecessary to propose any-
thing in regard to tho old navy-yard.
"In respeet to League Island it is important that
the quay wall to be built around it should bo so
extended as to inelndo several hundred aores outside
of the present temporary walls. Tho excavation for
the wet basin in tho back channel and for tho neces-
sary improvements on tho island will supply much
of the material required to fill up this extension.
The rest can bo conveniently got, and in part by
dredging where it will improve tho navigation.
"The location of this island, its extent, lovel sur-
face. soil easily worked and sufficiently firm, isola-
tion, (an excellentl'eaturein anavy-yard, preventing
depredation, hazard of lire, and promoting safe and
easy polieo.) its convenient access to the resources
of Philadelphia and to tho coal and iron of Pennsyl-
vania, afford the site for making this one of the
greatest navy-yards in our great country.
" The defense of Philadelphia requires that the
works of improvement bo begun as soon after tho
survey ofitismade as a full and perfect plan of a
first-class navy-yard can bo prepared for it."
Mr. RANDALL. Now, Mr. Speaker, it will
be observed that here is a report made by three
distinguished naval officers within the last year
stating the fact that League Island is suitable
in every respect for a navy-yard. Resting upon
this report from this naval board I deem it
unnecessary to discuss further the character of
League Island or its fitnessforthepurposespro-
posed.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
a point to which reference has been made by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cal-
kins ;] I allude to the importance of removing
the navy-yard from its present location, and
give increased facilities in the way of river
front and wharfage to the commerce and coast-
wise trade of Philadelphia. That navy-yard
stands as an eye-sore; it stands as a detri-
ment to our best interests on that particular;
and this House should relieve the commerce
and the coastwise trade of Philadelphia in that
respect when it can do so without injury to any-
body or to any section of the country.
The amendment I have proposed throws
around this measure the proper safeguards and
will prevent any possible abuse if this bill
should pass.
And now one word to those gentlemen upon
t.hisfloor with whom I am politicallyassociated.
I am aware of their record in favor of econ-
omy. I am aware that retrenchment has
become second-nature with them ; that it is a
fixed rule with the Representatives of the Dem-
ocratic party to vote against everything that
looks like wasteful expenditure of the public
funds; and, sir, I would be the last one to
induce them to vary the soundness and cor-
rectness of that record. I say to them that
they can safely vote for this bill, because it
does not expend a dollar and is not likely to
expend a dollar in its final results ; for I am
instructed, and I believe the truth of what I
say, when I declare from those who are well
acquainted witfr'tbe property to be disposed
of, that it will bring a sum in excess of the
cost of the transfer from one place to another.
I now yield to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts for five minutes, with the understand-
ing that h© will give me the floor again so I
can yield it to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Scofield,] the chairman of the Naval
Committee, to call for the previous question.
Mr, WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
yield to me ?
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, how much
time have I?
The SPEAKER. Twelve minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. I am under pledge to
yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I desire to add
but a few words to what I have said already
in regard to this bill in reply to the whole
tenor of the debate on the side of its friends.
It is now admitted by those gentlemen that
the bill, with all these amendments, is use-
less and of no sort of force in the world unless
followed by an appropriation, and they admit
that the appropriation is what it has been
stated to be at the Navy Department, $800,000.
So that it is, as I said in my argument in this
case in the first instance, a matter for the con-
sideration of the House whether they are pre-
pared to make a new appropriation in addi-
tion to whatever has been estimated as the
current expenses of this Government to tho
amount of $800,000 to prepare the way ,for
tho removal of this navy-yard at this time,
when they have failed to show in any particu-
lar any present necessity for the outlay of this
money.
There are involved other expenses in this
outlay, and if you now pass this bill their con-
sideration will be prevented. Sir, the more I
think of these expenditures in the large amount
estimated for the more I am satisfied that the
burdens under which the people of this Govern-
ment are groaning to-day will not permit them
to expend the large amount contemplated upon
all the navy-yards. In my opinion the three in
New England must be consolidated into one,
and at New London probably. The growth of
the cities of Boston and Charlestown, like that
of the city of Philadelphia, will swallow up the
navy-yard there, and that at Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, and perhaps the one at Brooklyn,
will go to New London in the time that is to
come. There should be that one and this one
at Philadelphia and one on the other side, and
that is all that in time of peace under any cir-
cumstances we are justified in expending money
to establish, with this great burden of the pub-
lic debt, with the currency deranged, and with
industry paralyzed in every department. Let
us before we rush into this appropriation for
new unnecessary work look to see whether
some change in our policy may not result in
the reduction of these large expenditures here
contemplated. This is my opposition to this
measure at this time.
One word more, sir. There is no need for
this preparatory bill. Four words in an ap-
propriation bill, when the time shall come for
the removal of the navy-yard to League Island,
that so much is appropriated, are all that will
be necessary. And let me give you niy belief
it will come down from the Senate in exactly
that shape if we do not pass this bill. Then
we shall have the removal and the appropria-
tion all in one. I submit, under the circum-
stances, with the eye of the country upon us
holding us to our pledges, that we would ex-
pend unnecessarily no money in the adminis-
tration of this Government; I appeal to the
House in the first case presented to this House
to say that whatever may be the necessity, that
whatever may be the result of three or four
years' change in public affairs; whatever may
be the change of the relations of this Govern-
ment to others in the world; whatever may be
the result of increasing or decreasing navy-
yard facilities and capacities, whether it shall
ultimately be that by private yards, private
enterprise, and private thrift, we can accom-
plish more cheaply than we can at the public
expense the work of maintaining our Navy
or not, let us settle that first, inasmuch as the
navy-yard at Philadelphia is not as efficient
now as it has been for twenty years. And let
us not, I beg of the House, launch out upon
this expenditure by preparing the way by this
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I submit
that it is hardly fair for the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to allude to an
extravagant estimate by the Secretary of the
Navy as against the present bill.
Mr. DAWES. I did not mean to do that.
Mr. RANDALL. When the appropriate
time comes we can deal with that appropria-
tion. It is probable I may agree with the gen-
tleman in voting against the grant of a single
dollar which can be saved. I do not think he
will find more faithful allies on his own side
of the House in this respect than he will find
among the Democrats of this House. It is no
new thing for them to advocate or to vote in
favor of economy. They have stood here for
longyears resisting corruptions and frauds upon
the Treasury, and they will be quite at home
when they continue to act in that direction—a
course of action which should give them the
full confidence of the country in that respect.
The gentleman in his closing remarks ex-
hibits to the House where the shoe pinches in
this bill. He has alluded to New London and
told you if this transfer is made it is the end
of the New London navy-yard. Why, sir, the
controversy on that subject has been com-
pletely exhausted, for Congress has decided
League Island was a preferable place to New
London for a navy-yard. But, sir, in the magna-
nimity of Congress, with a view of meeting the
wishes of the inhabitants of New London, they
granted to New London *special naval facili-
ties ; and I venture the opinion that the Rep-
resentative from New London himself is en-
tirely satisfied in this respect.
Mr. Speaker, I think that this discussion has
been sufficiently extended. I now yield to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chair-
man of the Naval Committee, for the purpose
of calling the previous question.
Mr. SCOETELD. I demand the previous
question on the bill and pending amendments.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I desire to say
to the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs that I wish to offer some observations
on the subject of this bill.
Mr. RANDALL. How much time had I
remaining ?
The SPEAKER. Pour minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from Connecticut all the time I have
except one minute, so that I may reply to the
gentleman if he makes any statement requiring
a reply.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do not propose
in the observations I have to offer to be limited
to three miuutes.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
is seconded there will be one hour remaining
for the discussion of the bill, which will be at
the disposal of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. How much of the morn-
ing hour remains?
The SPEAKER. Eight minutes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If 1 understand the posi-
tion of the matter, the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Starkweather] seeks the floor,
and if he obtains it will occupy the balance of
the morning hour, so that the discussion will
go over till to-morrow. I have no objection
whatever to that arrangement.
_ The SPEAKER. If the gentleman is recog-
nized he will be recognized for one hour.
