1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
798
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the House will
second the previous question, and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] will
then have one hour, and out of that hour he
can give as much time to the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] as the gen-
tleman .desires.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I insist on calling the
previous question.
The question was put; and upon a division
there were—ayes CO, noes 41 ; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; aud appointed Mr. Starkweather and
Mr. Randall.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 80, noes 61.
So the previous question was seconded.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
seconded and the main question ordered; and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] rises to close debate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Stark-
weather] how much time he requires?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do not desire
to speak under limitation. I do not wish to
place myself in antagonism with the interests
represented in this matter. But this bill was
passed through the Committee on Naval Affairs
in my absence and in the absence of a majority
of the committee, and it never had one mo-
ment's consideration in the committee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not yield for a lec-
ture. If the gentleman will tell me how much
time he wants I will see whether I can yield
it to him.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do not desire
to speak under limitation. I wished to say
something in regard to this question and to have
the privilege of offering amendments, but it
seems I am deprived of that privilege and
nobody is to be lisard except for a particular
interest. The principal object I had in view,
as I stated to the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs privately, was to ask that this
bill should be recommitted to the committee.
There are important amendments that ought
to be made. I do not desire to antagonize the
bill or to vote against League Island. I am
willing to vote a reasonable appropriation for
the navy-yard at League Island. 1 intend to
do so when an appropriation comes before us
in the proper form. That is just what I have
said privately, and I am willing to say it publicly.
But this bill is in a form in which it ought not
to receive the approval of the House; it is
not guarded as it should be guarded, and for
that reason I desired to speak before the pre-
vious question was called on the bill. I believe
that it is for the interest of the gentlemen who
represent League Island here that the bill
should be recommitted so that it may have
proper consideration in the committee, and
then let it be brought forward here, perfected,
and asking for a reasonable appropriation, and
I will support it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield five minutes to
my colleague from the Luzerne district, [Mr.
Woodward.]
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] having promised
to move at the proper time to lay this bill upon
the table I intend to vote for that motion, and
my only object in asking five minutes' time js
to state the reasons for that vote.
What my colleague [Mr. Randall] has said
in regard to the disposition to economize our
resources on the part of members on this side
of the House is true, but it needs practical
illustration; and T was sorry to find my friend
disposed to support this draft upon the Treas-
ury for no better reason than that it is to inure
to the benefit of the city of Philadelphia.
Mr. RANDALL. My colleague will allow
me to correct him. I made no such argument;
but I stated the fact, which the gentleman can-
not controvert if he will read the bill, that there
is not a dollar of appropriation in it.
Mr. WOODWARD. When we are told, as
we are upon authority, that there is in the Navy
Department an estimate of $800,000 to follow
upon the passage of this bill, it looks not quite
candid in the gentleman to tell us that there is
no appropriation in this bill. I knoiV there is
no appropriation in this particular bill, but I
know and the gentleman knows that it is to be
followed, as certainly as time passes, with a
proposition to appropriate $800,000 at least. I
cannot help looking at this question in the light
of a proposition to appropriate money enough
to establish a navy-yard at League Island. The
scheme must have a beginning, and this bill is
the beginning. The question in my mind, there-
fore, is just the question suggested by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] the
other day: is the Treasury of the country in a
condition at this time to undertake the work ?
I say nothing about the fitness of League Island
as a naval station. That question has been
passed upon and decided. I say nothing about
the cramped and incompetent position of the
present navy-yard at Philadelphia. But I agree
with_ the gentleman from Massachusetts that
this is not the time to commence so large an
expenditure as I believe will follow necessarily
upon the passage of this bill.
It is said that the city of Philadelphia has
overgrown the present navy-yard. That is
true, but it does not interfere with the business
of the yard. I have never understood that
the fact that the city of Philadelphia has
extended somewhat below the navy-yard ob-
structs the prosecution of the proper work of
the yard. This circumstance has enabled
workmen and employes to find homes adjacent
to the yard.
It is said that the present site of the navy-
yard is necessary for the commerce of Phila-
delphia. Well, I read in the papers that the
customs duties on the commerce of Philadel-
phia had dwindled to $50,000 for one month.
Its commerce is on the decline, and I think
there is coast surface enough along the Dela-
ware to accommodate the present commerce
of Philadelphia and ail the commerce that
Philadelphia is likely to acquire in the future.
I do not feel that there is any force in that
suggestion. Then, sir, ought this appropria-
tion to be made—for the right way to look at
the question is as an appropriation, although
there is none in the bill—for the sake of Phil-
adelphia. We Pennsylvanians are summoned
to the rescue and are expected to vote for the
bill on that ground.
Mr. Speaker, I have heard it stated on this
floor ever since I have been a member of the
House that many gentlemen were very econom-
ical except when a proposition was before the
House to appropriate money for their constit-
uents, and then they were always in favor of
the greatest leaks in the Treasury. That was
imputed. I know not how justly, to a distin-
guished member of the last Congress, then
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
but at present our minister to Franco. It is not
a good thing to say of any one ; no man ought
to justify such an assertion, at least I am not
going to do so. Let us show our faith by out-
works.
At the last session, when a proposition was
before the House to appropriate I do not know
how much money for the improvement of the
harbor of Erie, I voted against it; and-I shall
vote against this appropriation for League
Island. Opposing extravagant appropriations,
whether at the one or the other extremity of
Pennsylvania, I am thus in a condition to vote
against all the extravagant appropiiations pro-
posed, whether for the East or the West, the
North or the South of this country.
Mr. MYERS. Will my colleague state how
much the old yard will sell for ?
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not know what
it would sell for. But let it sell for what it
may it will never sell for enough to fully estab-
lish and improve the yard at League Island.
With our great public debt oppressing all the
industries of the country, with an amount of
taxation such as no other people are subjected
to, with an Administration asking forapprdpri-
ations many millions in excess-of any previous
year of peace, this is no time to enter upon a
new work so little needed as a navy-yard stt"
League Island—so expensive, and which, not-
withstanding all promises to the cohtrary, will
not fail to be a great additional burden laid upon
the backs of the people.
The time may come when it will be proper
to encounter this, gteat work, but then I trust
we shall lie better able to prosecute it. The idea
that the price of the old n'avy-yard will build
the new one on League Island is preposterous,
as is shown by the estimate of $-800,000 by the
the Navy Department. If $3,000,000 be real-
ized from the old yard, and be faithfully ex-
pended on League Island, it will only be the
avant courier of many other millions which,
it will be argued, must be granted because we
have already given so much;
No, sir; no* is the titae to protect the Treas-
ury. Once embark in appropriations to League
Island and you cannot stop, but tanst go on
year by year, until you have laid a solid found-
ation and have raised the surface above high
tides and erected the necessary buildings and
machinery.
I shall vote for laying the bill on the table
because no public interest demands at this time
the imposition of an additional, enormous, and
indefinite burden upoti a people sufficiently
oppressed already.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. When I last had the floor
I complained somewhat of what I considered
an unfair discussion of this bill on thepart of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes ;]
and if I thought that that gentleman was dis-
cussing what was not iii the bill, I think I have
good reason to be astonished that piy colleague
[Mr. Woodward] does not seem to kno-w any-
thing at all about the bill which hte opposes.
Now, what is this bill 1 Is it a bill to locate
a navy-yard at League Island? Not at all.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] who spoke against this bill was frank
enough to say that that had been done long
ago, after a long discussion both in this House
and in the Senate. The Government of the
United States now has six hundred acres of land
at League Island set apart and staked off, upon
which to locate at some future time a navy-yard
for the construction of iron vessels and iron-
clad vessels. Now, is anybody asking^ that you
shall proceed at Once to improve this_ yard?
Is anybody asking' that an" appropriation of
$800,000 or of even one dollar shall be made to
commence work toward developing that navy-
yard at League Island ? No, sir; there is ho
appropriation asked for by this bill. And the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
whom I thought unfair in some of his argu-
ments, was still fair enough to say that there
was no appropriation in this bill. And there
must be a muddle in the head of my colleague
[Mr. Woodward] about the bill, or he would
not so misrepresent it. The gentleman from
Massachusetts says that the passage of this bill
will facilitate an appropriation in the future ;
but my colleague from the Luzerne district
[Mr. Woodward] seems to think it is already
in the bill. Because he did not listen to the
frank statements of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, my colleague does not seem to know
what he was talking about, for he still seems
to think that there is an appropriation of
$800,000 in this bill.
What is the purpose of this bill 1 We have
a yard in Philadelphia for the construction of
wooden vessels It has been there a very long
time; the machinery needs some' repairs; the
buildings have gone somewhat to decay. The
city has grown up around it, and the yard is
now an offense there. We wish to provide
that, whenever the Government doesundertafce
to build a navy-yard for ironclad and iron ves-
sels at League Island they shall remove the
