1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the regular order.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the "Whole on
the state of the Union on the special order,
being the annual appropriation bill for legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses ; and
pending that motion that all general debate on
the same be restricted to four hours.
I will say that I have been appealed to to
extend the restriction to five hours instead of
four hours. I would leave that entirely to the
House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
that he had better let the question of determ-
ining the time to be occupied in debate lie
over until the bill has been somewhat con-
sidered.
Mr. DAWES. My experience is that it is
easier to fix the time before we begin than
afterward. I desire to fix thetime now accord-
ing to what may be the opinion of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How can the House judge
what time will be necessary for the discus-
sion of the bill without having heard it read
or knowing anything about it? I would further
suggest to the gentleman from Massachusetts
that I understand there are in the bill some
propositions for new legislation.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose the general de-
bate will hardly turn on the merits of any par-
ticular part of the bill. I presume it will be
devoted to the general subject. I am willing
that the time should be four or five hours, as
the House may determine. But I think it bet-
ter to fix it now. I modify my motion so as
to- limit all general debate on the bill to five
hours.
Mr. COBURN. I wish to say a word on
this point.
The SPEAKER. It can only be by unan-
imous consent. The motion is not debatable.
There was no objection.
Mr. COBURN. I wish to say that this is
an important bill. It has only been printed
this morning. We have had no opportunity
to read it; and I think the time tor debate
should not now be limited.
• Mr. DAWES. I think five hours should be
found quite sufficient. .
The question was put on the motion to limit
all general debate on the bill to five hours;
and on a division there were—ayes 57, noes
35 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Dawes and Mr.
COBURN.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 71, noes 44.
So the motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Dawes, that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the legislative, &c.,
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itselt mto
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Cessna in the chair,) and
nroceeded to the consideration of the special
order, being the bill (H. R. No. 974) reported
from the Committee on Appropriations, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 187 -
Mr. DAWES, I ask unanimous consent to
dispense with the first reading of the bill.
There being no objection, the first reading
of the bill was dispensed with.
Mr DAWES. I do not propose to address
the House at this time, as I might perhaps be
spected to do, but to yield the floor to others
desire to occupy it, reserving the
who may
remarks which I intended to address to the
House upon the bill till some future time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A short
time since, the chairman of the Committee on"
Appropriations, in opposing the passage of the
bill concerning the navy-yard at League Island,
near Philadelphia, wandered from the exact
merits of that measure and took occasion to
make an attack upon the executive administra-
tion of the country for its professions of econ-
omy not carried out in practice. He shew
to the unthinking and unreflecting that the
first year of General Grant's administration
called for the appropriation of $49,682,537 more
than did the expenditure of the last year of the
administration of Johnson, because of the cor-
ruptions and extravagantexpenditures of which
the people drove it from power to give place to
the administration of President -Grant. True,
the honorable chairman did not use these words,
but what he did say, which I give, was artistic-
ally contrived to convey that meaning.
" Now, sir, what did Andrew Johnson, in the last
year of Ms administration, estimate that ho would
carry on this Government for? He estimated thathe
would carry it on for $303,000,000, and we cut down
theappropriations$20,OOO,OO0below his estimate. But
his own estimate of the oost of carrying on tho Gov-
ernment, which the people at the polls declared to be
profligate and unreasonable, was $303,000,000.
"Jfow.sir.whatdoes our own Administration esti-
mate that it will carry on the Government for fcrthe
next year? The sum estimated for is $331,097,174 62:
an increase over the last estimate of the administra-
tion of Andrew Johnson for 1869-70 of $28,097,174 62.
But we cut down his estimttes $20,000,000, so that tho
exact difference between this book of estimate for
tho present Administration and the appropriations
mado the last year of Andrew Johnson's administra-
tion is $49,682,537 01."
Now, did not the country understand, as this
House understood, that while Andrew John-
son estimated that he could carry on the
Government for $308,000,000, General Grant
estimates that he cannot for less than $331,-
000,000? And whereas Congress cut down
Andrew Johnson's estimate $20,000,000 in
round numbers, and Andrew Johnson could
carry on the Government with that, yet Gene-
ral Grant requires $49,000,000 more for his
administration than Johnson did for his under
the economy which Congress forced upon him.
I say this is what has gone to the country, be-
cause the carefully concealed fact that this
$49,000,000 in a large degree only appears in
the typographical errors and blunders of a
clerk in a book of estimates, never has gone
to the country, and through the efforts of the
Democratic members of this House, who have
subscribed for a hundred and fifty thousand
copies of the gentleman's speech as a cam-
paign document for their side, never will go
to the country or be known to the people.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman Irom Massa-
chusetts permit me to say that the Democratic
members of this House have not subscribed for
two thousand copies of that speech.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, lo that
I answer that, if they did not subscribe for the
number of copies I have named, somebody did
it for them.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not think that has
been done either.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. On that
I have different information.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. As regards the sending
out of speeches, we generally do that for our-
selves
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When I
attempted to get the floor the other day I stated
that the gentleman's speech proceeded upon a
fundamental error in fact, because it says m
words "that Andrew Johnson estimated that he
could carry on this Government tor $303,000,-
000, which was cut down by the House $20,000, -
000; while the book of estimates for the first
year of this Administration is for $49,000,000
more,
But the estimates of $303,000,000were made
by Andrew Johnson and his Secretaries not a,s
what he would carry on the Government for
for the fiscal year commencing July, 1869, and
ending June, 1870, but what General Grant
should carry it on for during that period of
time.
The outgoing Administration always esti-
mates the expenditures and the outgoing Con-
gress always makes the appropriations for the
first year and three months of the incoming
Administration, although they may be as dia-
metrically opposite in principle and practice as
are the administrations of Grant and Johnson.
Tho Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Welles; the
Postmaster General, Mr. Randall; the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, Mr. McCulloch, of An-
drew Johnson's Cabinet, in December, 1868,
made such estimates as they chose for General
Grant's administration to carry on the Govern-
ment in the first year of its power. Of course i
the temptation of those Secretaries was to make
a show of economy by abandoning all public
works and by underestimating every possible
expenditure, so as to embarrass the incoming
Administration and cause it to bring in a large
deficiency bill upon which the Democrats might
found a charge of extravagance against the
Republican party; but in their wildest imagina-
tion they could not have dreamed that a Repub-
lican chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations would be the willing instrument of
their designs.
But a still more fatal misconception of the
truth by the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, and a still greater deception
on the country, whether intentional or not; was
in the fact that the estimates of Andrew John-
son and the appropriations made by Congress
were based upon the fact that every Depart-
ment had large unexpended balances at the
close of the year, from which their estimates
were made; and it was in view of those bal-
ances that I, as a member of the Committee
on Appropriations, agreed to cut down even
the otherwise low estimates of Andrew John-
son. The Secretary of the Navy had unex-
pended, beyond the appropriations asked
for by him in the year enuing June 30, 1868,
$38,645,754 09 ; and there was available in the
War Department at the same time $6,000,000
surplus in the quartermaster's department
alone.
Both in the War and Navy Departments
there were immense depots of provisions, cloth-
ing, material, coal, and iron, sufficient to last
each Department many years. There was sur-
plus material to bo sold to swell those great
balances, and that sale would be going on in
the last year of Andrew Johnson and the first
year of General Grant to a greater or less
extent, and it was in view of that fact that the
appropriations were cut down } so that while
the appropriations asked for by Andrew John-
son appear on the book of estimates at $303,-
000,000 it was very much nearer in fact $350,-,
000,000 because of these available balances.1
Why did not the learned chairman give these
facts to the country when he made his onslaught
on the Administration?
These balances are now expended, and sub-
stantially every dollar that is available for the
future must be appropriated from the rev-
enues of the Government. It is hard to believe
that he did not know this great and determ-
ining fact, which answers his attack upon the
Republican party; it is still harder to believe
that knowing he concealed it. Has be been
seduced by the fact that his predecessor by
cutting down appropriations upon the strength
of unexpended balances got a reputation tor
economy and was patted on the back as the
bull-dogof the Treasury? Itisnotpossiblethat
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations will sacrifice the interest aud success
of his party to his own self-aggrandizemept.
I speak here not without knowledge, having
been on the committee that reported these
appropriations in view of this surplus.
Therefore, the injustice with which my col-
league arraigns the Administration before the
country for extravagance in estimating tor
more money than Johnson did, when he knew,
or ought to have known, from his position and
