800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
bo that if the Secretary of State under Presi-
dent Grant has estimated for $32,000 more, he
has spent $94,000 less than the Secretary of
Andrew Johnson did. Did nay colleague call
on the Secretary of State for any explanation
of this apparent balance?
attorney (jeneral/s office.
My colleague finds no dry spot on which to
rest his foot after his weary flight save in the
the Attorney General's office, estimates for
which he declares are less by $3,660 than the
appropriation of the previous year. And there
he pauses to give a fling at our associates at
the other end of the Capitol by the inquiry
whether such economy is not a cause of the
unpopularity of the Attorney General there. I
wish that I could join him in his plaudits;
but alas, 1 find the judicial department, like
all the rest, still in excess by its estimates
$62,000, ^ although the Attorney General's
office in its salaries and contingent is $3,000
under. Anxious to ascertain how this could
be, aud desirous of agreeing in one thing, at
least, with my colleague, finding the one bright
spot in this profligate Administration of ours,
I made an examination which brought me to
the conclusion that that excess of estimates
for the next year over Andrew Johnson's At-
torney General was to be accpunted for by the
fact that among the first acts of the present
Attorney General, as we all know, was send-
ing us a communication here desiring a law
empowering him to employ assistants to him-
self and the various district attorneys in the
country, whose salaries, I should imagine,
would amount to quite the sum of $62,000, to
which I find the judicial department in ex-
cess over the appropriation of last year. Alas,
that I am obliged to confess that there is no
redeeming feature in the profligacy of the Ad-
ministration ! Even the Attorney General,
the one bright solace of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, has fallen from
his high estate, and he was found, as soon as
he was in office, asking for additional assist-
ants to carry on his Department of the Gov-
ernment, and we passed a law on the last days
of our first session of this Congress in compli-
ance with his request for that purpose. The
only consolation I can give the learned Attor-
ney General is that I, too, was equally to blame,
for I voted for the additional official and legal
assistance the Attorney General desired.
interior department.
It becomes our duty now to examine the
estimates of the Interior Department, and
we shall find there that we can account for
$12,000,000 of this excess of estimate which
is charged by my colleague.
Table showing appropriations for 1870 in excess of
estimates for 1871 in the Department of the Interior,
Total esti- Appropri-
matesfor ationsfor
1870-71. 1869-70.
Secretary s office contingent ex-
penses  $46,800 $48,700
Pension Office  327,740 329,000
Land Office  177,380 178,200
Indian Office  61,000 62,000
Total $612,920 $617,900
It will be seen,therefore, that in every bureau
of the Department of the Interior the estimated
expense of what may be called running the
Department has decreased from last year's ap-
propriations $4,980, and in all bureaus except
the Patent and Pension Offices, and the matter
ofcontingenciesinthe Secretary's office, where
$2;000 more only for distributing congressional
documents, as directed by law, is asked.
patent office.
Until last year the Patent Office expended
as much of its fees and emoluments received
as it pleased without accountability, and it
was not until this year that those fees and
emoluments were ordered to be paid into the
Treasury, and the office supported by appro-
priation from the Treasury, the work to be
done inside the office instead of being let out
to parties in the city, which led to jobs. Of
course in reorganizing the Patent Office it was
impossible to fix at first by appropriation what
was the exact sum with which it could be car-
ried on, and that was rendered still more diffi-
cult by the continual increase in its business
from the growth of the inventive genius of our
people. Hence this year th.e Commissioner has
made an entire and thorough reorganization
of that office, and he finds that $7,168 will
be necessary for clerical and other labor in
addition to what was appropriated for the first
time in the last year. But by the very action
of Congress, approved by every Republican,
and by none more than General Grant, the
Patent Office was made largely profitable to
the Government by paying in large amounts,
exceeding a half million dollars, where noth-
ing substantially was paid before. And yet the
very effort to, reorganize that office so as to
render it effective and save these amounts has
been charged as a matter of extravagance
against the Commissioner.
pension office.
_ In the Pension Office large frauds have been
discovered within the past year, and with a
determination to a vigorous detection and
punishment of those frauds $10,000 additional
for detective purposes have been asked for by
that bureau for the next year. Surely no one
will begrudge $10,000 expended to save pen-
sioners from the extortions of claim agents
and the Government from the claims of fraud-
ulent pensions.
land office.
An excess of estimate in the Land Office
of $32,200 afso deserves attention. This is
for the survey of public lands. The open-
ing of the Pacific railroad, the great tide of
emigration, have increased the receipts of
the Land Office the last year almost three mil-
lion dollars, and rendered it desirable that the
surveys of the public lands shall be pushed
more rapidly than before, for the purpose of
developing the resources of the country so that
they may contribute to the payment of the public
debt. Therefore it is asked that more surveys
may be made than before; but as that estimate
is for an exact price per mile of survey it is a
question for Congress to determine how many
miles they will have run. That is certainly
not an extravagance of the Administration. It
is like the extravagance of a man whose farm
has become valuable for building purposes
estimating an increased amount for the survey
of his land into lots.
indian affairs.
We come now to the Indian Bureau, where
there appears upon the book of estimates a
difference between the amount estimated this
year and appropriated last of $2,145,554,
whereas in fact the estimate for the Indian
department is $1,027,565 less than was appro-
priated last year, and my colleague is led into
the mistake in this way. The last Congress
refused to carry out certain Indian treaties in
the future, and the present Congress, under
the lead of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, and in which I think he did
the country valuable service, passed a bill ap-
propriating $2,000,000 to Indian affairs, which,
together with other incidental appropriations
not appearing in the regular appropriation
bills, makes the amount appropriated for In-
dian affairs $6,075,899, from which, subtract-
ing the estimate for the present year, $5,028,334,
makes a decrease of $1,027,565 in favor of the
Administration; and yet in his general arraign-
ment of the Administration my colleague puts
in this $2,000,000, which, added to the inci-
dental appropriations, amounts to more than
three million dollars, and which he himself
put into the hands of the President, as part of I
the extravagances of the Administration, as
compared with that of Andrew Johnson.
altsiy and navy pensions.
But the great and determining difference
between the calls of the Interior Department
this year and that of the last is in the matter
of pensions, in its estimate for $30,000,000,.not
including the nq,val pensioners, who-were to
be paid out of a separate fund, against $19,-
000,000 appropriated l?,st year for a like pur-
pose, making a difference of $11,000,000 in
that single item. Now, I suppose I shall not
be called upon to go into any defense of the
propriety of this estimate of the Secretary of
the Interior, because it has been almost exaetly
indorsed by the whole of the Committee on
Appropriations reporting a bill for $30,000,000
for pensions, and passed by this House. And
the explanation of why $30,000,000 should be
appropriated this year, apinst $19,000,000 last
is that there was more than ten million dollars
surplus standing to the account of that appro-
priation for last year's estimates ; and besides
there has been an increase of pensioners to the
number of eighteen thousand three hundred
and twenty in the year ending June last, caus-
ing an increase of pensions of nearly four mil-
lion and a half dollars.
So that, making the proper deductions which
must be made for the Pension Office and Indian
Bureau, we shall have mare than $11,000,000
in the Pension Office and $i,*027,565 iij the
Indian Bureau, which swallows up more than
$12,000,000 of the $13,000,000 of increase of
apparent extra estimates called for by the
Interior Department for the present year, as
they appear on the book of estimates.
But in the denunciations of my colleague of
the extravagance of the other end of the avenue
he forget to mention the extravagant estimates
for this end of the avenue, or did not pull the
beam out of his own eye, because on $4,000,000
of appropriation for the expenditure of last
year there is an excess of estimates for the
legislative part of the Government, i. e., the
two Houses of Congress, of $1,627,917 43,
which amount the gentleman also charges, in
his comparison between the appropriations and
the estimates, in the $49,000,000 which he
places to the extravagance of General Grant's
administration ; but that this, even as a legis-
lative expense, is and will not be an extrava-
gance is shown from the fact that the gentleman
himself on Monday reported a bill cutting down
all that extravagance of estimates for the
expenses of Congress.
I believe now, Mr. Chairman, that I have gone
oyer with considerable care and I am certain
with entire accurary so far as the data appear
upon the reports furnished to Congress will
enable me to do, unless I have made some
arithmetical mistake, the estimated expendi-
ture of the_ second year of General Grant's
administration compared with the appropria-
tion for the first year. I have endeavored to
reply, showing item by item, to the general
charges made by my colleague, chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations. His charge is
that the difference ot what the Departments
desire to carry on tiie Government over what
they had last year to carry iton is $49,000,000,or
with his correction, which will never be remem-
bered by the Democratic party, $42,000,000.
Let us now in tabulated form put down what
has been actually^ asked for by the several
Departments, taking into account first the
balances on hand, which were clearly taken
into account in the estimates of the year be-
fore last, and subtracting those matters which
have not been called for by the Departments,
or m other words, those matters of estimate
upon public works that they were by law re-
quired to ma,ke for the information of Con-
gress and which they have not rendered, and
we shall find the apaount to stand substan-
tially thus I give it in round numbers be-
cause it is impossible to carry in the mind
large figures down to minute details; and Iwill
