804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
And now, Mr, Chairman, I move that the
committee rise.
The motion wag agreed to.
The committee accordingly roBe; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cessna
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order of
the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 974, making ap-
propriations for the legislative, exeeutive, and
judicial .expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1871, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution of
the following title j when the Speaker signed
the same:
Ajoint resolution (S. R. No. 74) to extend
the port of entry of the collection district of
New Orleans.
Mr. BENJAMIN and Mr. HOLMAN moved
that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: A petition of sundry citi-
zens of Owsley county, Kentucky, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. ARCHER: Petitions of 27 citizens
of Baltimore .city; also, of 106 citizens of
Baltimore county; also, of 124 citizens of
Havre de Grace, Maryland, praying the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of John Robb,
postmaster, and 35 others, citizens of Rural
I)ale, Grundy county, Missouri, praying that
the franking privilege be abolished.
By Mr. BIGGS: The memorial of James P.
Hoffecker and 250 others, citizens of Kent
county, Delaware, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The several petitions
of George A. Haverfield_, postmaster at Cadiz,
Ohio, with 200 others, citizens of Cadiz ; and
the postmasters at Berne, Belmont, Washing-
tonville, Bridgeport, NewCumberland, Shanes-
ville, Winfield, Sharon, andLoydsville, in the
sixteenth congressional district of Ohio, with
100 citizens, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. BOYD : The petition of J. W. Good-
ing, of Barry county, Missouri, a soldier of the
irregular army of the State of Missouri for the
suppression of the rebellion, praying for a
pension.
Also, the petition of Jordan Hulbert, of Jas-
per county, Missouri, asking for a pension.
Also, the petition of J. W. Cormack, of Dade
county, Missouri, asking for back pay.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Stephen Ellis and 71 others, citizens of Ware-
ham, Massachusetts, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. CALKIN: A petition of ship-own-
ers of New York city, in reference to the pilot
laws.
By Mr. CESSNA: Nine petitions of citi-
zens of the sixteenth district of Pennsylvania,
graying Congress to pass a law abolishing the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Margaret Marshall,
■widow of Henry L. Marshall, praying for a
pension.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petitions of K.
P. Salmon and 2G0 others, citizens of Pulton,
Oswego county, New York, and of J. D. Wash-
burn and 148 others, citizens of Brookfield,
Madison county, New York, for the abolition
.of the franking privilege.
By Mr. CLARKE: The petition of Samuel
Kline and others, of Atchison, Kansas, for the
abolition of the franking privilege., *
Also, the petition of Samuel H. Early and
others, of Otter Creek, Kansas, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of R. G. Ward, for speeial
relief for services rendered in the late war for
the Union.
Also, the petition of T. Wheaton and others,
of Pleasanton, Kansas, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. OltEBS : The petition of G. M.
Dougherty and 160 others, citizens of Jones-
borough, Union county, Illinois, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege. '
By Mr. CULLOM : A large number of peti-
tions_ of citizens of the different counties in
the eighth district of Illinois, praying the re-
peal of the franking law, and that all matter
carried in the mail shall be postage-paid by
the parties mailing it.
By Mr. DAVIS: Three petitions for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege, from citizens of
Churchville, Eagle Harbor, and Kuckville,
New York,
By Mr. DOS: The petition of J. H. Mc-
Adams, deputy postmaster at Hayes's store,
Madison county, Alabama, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. DUVAL: A petition of the citizens
of Brooke county, West Virginia, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of the citizens of Wetzell
county, West Virginia, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Edward Penix, asking
for a pension.
Also, eighteen petitions from citizens of the
city of Wheeling, West Virginia, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. GETZ: A petition of thirty citizens
of Shartlesville, Berks county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. GREENE : The petition of W. H.
Parleman and others, of Liberty Palls, Sulli-
van county,'New York, to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. GRISWOLD: The petition of Oscar
Everson, George P. Deane, and many others,
ship-builders and ship-carpenters, for a reduc-
tion of taxes on ship-building materials.
Also, the petition of H. C. Lawrence, Henry
Miller, and others, of Halutt, Greene county,
New York, to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. HAMILL: The petition of S. L.
Roderick and 40 others, citizens of Maryland,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HOAR: The petitions of Lewis El-
well and others, of West Warren, Massachu-
setts ; and of A. E. Day and others, Webster,
Massachusetts, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of John A. McPhail and 13 others,
citizens of the United States, praying Con-
gress to reduce the tariff' duties on ship-build-
ing materials.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Utah: Three petitions
from citizens of Utah, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition for the establishment of a
post route.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the
Territory of Utah, asking for an appropriation
to pay the Legislature.
By Mr. JuDD: The petition of B. W.
Raymond and others, asking abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of P. H. Winston, pres-
ident of the Southwestern Railroad Company,
asking redaction of the duty on railroad iron.
By Mr. KELLOG G : The petition of George
W. Cooke and others, ofWaterbury, Connec-
ticut, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, the petition of Charles Parker and
others, of Meriden, Connecticut, for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. KERR: Tho memorial of H. P.
Miller, Louis Riedeman, and 30 others, citi-
zens of Jackson county, Indiana, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of Peter Platter, Benja-
min P. Price, and 100 others, citizens of Sey-
mour, Jackson county, Indiana, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr, KNAPP: A petition of citizens of
Exeter, Otsego county, New York, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a p'etition of citizens of Middlefield,
Otsego county, New York, for the same pur-
pose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Sidney Plains,
Delaware county, New York, for the same
purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Kortright,
Delaware county, New York,-for the same
purpose.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of A. H.
Lee and others, of Turin, Lewis county, New
York, in favor of the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Amos V. Smiley and
others, of Lewis county, New York, praying
that a pension may be granted to the surviving
soldiers of the war of 1812.
Also, a petition of citizens of St. Lawrence
county for the same purpose.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of S. S. Hall,
R. Preston, and 68 others, for the recognition
of the independence of the republic of Cuba.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Daniel
Stowell and others, citizens of Maine, asking
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Joseph Curtis and others,
citizens of Maine, for the same.
Also, the petition of Frederick Thimey and
Others, citizens of Maine, for the same.
Also, the petition of William Paine, post-
master of Standish, Maine, and other citizens,
for the same.
By Mr. MAYHAM: The petition of B. F.
Offden and 60 others, citizens of Albany, for a
new Government building in that city. '
By Mr. McCRARY: The petition of N.
Jary, postmaster, and others, of Germanville,
Iowa, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of C. W. Stephenson,
postmaster, and others, of Troy, Iowa, praying
the same.
By Mr. McGREW: A petition of 34 citizens
of Little Georgetown, West Virginia, asking
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MERCUR: A petition of 63 citizens
of Camptown, Bradford county, Pennsylvania,
asking for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
_ Also, a ijetition of 86 citizens, of LeRays-
ville, Bradiord county, Pennsylvania, asking
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 57 citizens of Nicholson,
Wyoming^ county, Pennsylvania, asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 46 citizens of Sheshequin,
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 78 citizens of Mainville,
Columbia county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 110 citizens of Mehoop-
any, Wyoming county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the abolition of the frankiug privilege.
Also, the petition of Charles Martin, of
Hampden Spring College, Virginia, piiayingto
be relieved from the civil and political disabil-
ities, under the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
Also, a petition of 88 citizens of Sylvania,
Bradford county. Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 80 citizens of Herrick-
ville, Bradiord county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the abolition of the frauking privilege.
Also, a petition of 120 citizens of Athens,
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
