1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio : The petition of
P. A. McVayand'23 others, citizens of Marsh-
field, Athens county, Ohio, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of E. Paden and 39 others,
citizens of Plants, Meigs county, Ohio, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MORGAN: A petition of numerous
citizens of Harrison township, Muskingum
county, Ohio, asking for the abolition of the
privilege of franking.
Also, the petition of Edward B. Chambers,
of Mecklenburg, Virginia, asking for removal
of political disabilities.
■ By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: A
petition of 42 citizens of East Freedom, Blair
county, Pennsylvania, asking for the abroga-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. NIBLACK : A memorial of sundry
citizens of Indiana, praying the establishment
of a mail route from Princeton via Francisco
and Oakland City to Winslow, in that State.
Also, six memorials from citizens of Evans-
ville, Indiana, signed by John W. Foster, J.
A. Lemke, A. L. Robinson, James H. Cutler,
Oliver Babcock, and a large number of others,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. POLAND : The petition of J. P.
Moore and others, citizens of Canaan, Ver-
mont, for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. POTTER: Petitions from citizens
of Valhalla, Westchester county, New York,
and also from citizens of Ormond, New York,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. READING: A petition of 20 cit-
izens of Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, asking that the surviving soldiers and
sailors of the war of 1812 be placed upon the
pension-roll of the United States.
Also, a petition of 43 citizens of Bucks
county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. REEVES: The petition of Henry
W. Mulford, Charles M. Smith, Sumner W.
Dana, and 17 others, ship-builders or ship car-
penters, citizens of Greenport, in Suffolk
county, New York, against the repeal of the
present registry law and for a reduction of the
taxes on shipbuilding materials.
Also, the petition of Nehemiah Hand &
Son, Henry wells, Benjamin Brewster, and
93 others, ship-builders, ship-wrights, or ship-
owners, citizens of Stony Brook, Suffolk
county, New York, against the repeal of the
present registry law and for a reduction of
the taxes on shipbuilding material.
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
of Cloverdale, California, for the abolition oi
the franking privilege.
By Mr. SCHENCIt: The petition of C. K.
Garrison, Rufus Ingalls, and Alfred Iieed, of
New York, with accompanying bill, asking
Congress to authorize the leasing by the Gov-
ernment of five steamers to the United States
Mail Steamship Company, and also asking a
contract to carry the United States mails.
Also, the petition of It. C. Hill and 104
others, citizens of Ohio, praying Congress to
abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of George Kates and 454
others, citizens of Ohio, praying Congress to
abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: The petition of
James L. Enos and 44 others, citizens of Cedar
Rapids, Linn county, Iowa, asking the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Oliver Maynardand 26
others, citizens of Buena Vista, Clinton county,
Iowa, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of William Laycock, J.
Gamble, and 108 others, citizens of Le Claire,
Scotfc county, Iowa, asking the abolition of the
franking privilege. . -
By Mr. STARKWEATHER : Petitions of
citizens of No auk. and also of Wilsonville,
Connecticut, for t'iw fApiition of t]ifi franking
prinipg?,-
By Mr. STEVENS: The petitiou of Charles
W. Hardy and 44 others, of Concord, New
Hampshire, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Nathaniel Breed and
40 others, of Mount Vernon, New Hampshire,
for the same object.
By Mr. STILES : A petition of citizens of
Souder's Station, Montgomery county, pray-
ing that the franking privilege be entirely abol-
ished.
By Mr. STRADER: The petition of D&niel
Lawrence and 79 citizens of Reading, Hamil-
ton county, Ohio, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. STRICKLAND: The petition of J.
C. McDonald and 20 others, asking for a change
of the port of entry in the Superior district from
Marquette to the Sault Ste. Marie.
By Mr. STRONG: The memorial of the
Hartford and New Haven Railroad Company,
praying for a reduction of the duty oil imported
iron and steel rails.
Also, the petitions of William J. Wood and
others, of Canton, Connecticut; of Seth Vin-
ton and others, of South Windsor, Connecti-
cut, and F. M. Gowdy and others, of East
Windsor, Connecticut, all praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. TAFFB: A petition of citizens of
Fort Kearny, Nebraska, praying Congress to
abolish the franking priviloge.
Also, a petition of citizens of Sarpy county,
Nebraska, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citiaens of South Bend,
Nebraska, for the same purpose.
By Mr. TOWNSEND: The petitions of W.
S. Martin, of Chester county, Pennsylvania,
and W. H. Ramsey, of Delaware county, Penn-
sylvania, for the abolition of the franking privi-
ty Mr. TYNEIi: A petition of 102 citizens
of Miami, Indiana, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Valentine
Schiedler, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of D. Northrup and 100
others, citizens of Mentor, Lake county, Ohio,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. VAN AUKEN : A petition of citi-
zens of Martin's Creek, Northampton countjr,
Pennsylvania, for abolishing the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Monroe county,
Pennsylvania, for abolishing the franking privi-
Also, a petition of citizens of Northampton
county, Pennsylvania, for abolishing the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Monroe county,
Pennsylvania, for abolishingthefrankingprivi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Northampton
county, Pennsylvania, for abolishing the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of New Mahoning,
Pennsylvania, for abolishing the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Delaware
Water Gap, Monroe county, Pennsylvania,
for abolishing the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of William F. Trozier,
praying to be indemnified for losses sustained
in consequence of the seizure of property by
the United States.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
Samuel Hite and 105 others, of Fairfield coun-
ty, Ohio, praying forth© abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of Henry J. Loefler and 33
others, of Fairfield county, Ohio, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The memorial of D. L. Harris, president of the
Connecticut River Railroad Company, praying
that no increase of duties be laid on steel rail
or railroad iron, to the end that low rates of
transportation may be afforded the publio.
AJ.if,. tin; of P,B'j 20
others, citizens of Sheffield, Massachusetts,
praying for the total abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. WILLARD: The petitions of P. P.
Pitkin and 238 others, of Montpelier, Vermont,
and of Dwight Taylor and others, of London-
derry, Vermont, praying for the abolitionof
the franking privilege.
By Mr. WJXLIAMS: Petitions of400 citizens
of the tenth congressional district of Indiana,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
Billi3 Rees and 63 others, citizens of Adams
county, Ohio, praying for the passage of a law
abolishing the franking privilege.
By Mr. WINANS: The petition of James
William Burns, postmaster, and 87 others,
citizens of Midway, Clark county, Ohio, a
the abolition of the franking privilege.
withdrawal qf papers.
The following notice was given for leave to
withdraw papers from the files of tho House;
By Mr. GOLLADAY: The memorial and
claim of Major J. W. Todd, on file in the For-
tieth Congress, for referrence to the Committer
on Military Affairs.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 27, 1870.
Prayer by tho Chaplain, Rav. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
Tho Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits a letter from the Secretary of War, which
being brief, the Secretary will read.
The Secretary read as follows:
War Department, January 28,1870.
, The Secretary of War has the honor to1 report to
the Senate of the United States, in answer to its
resolution of this date, that tbe reportof tho survey
of tho harbor of San Diego, California, thoroin called
for, was transmitted to the Senate on the 17th instant.
W. W. BELKNAP.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is printed and
found in Executive Document No. 25, being
transmitted by the Secretary of Warin advance
of the resolution calling for it.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented the petition of
William Spencer, jr., of Murfraesboro', Ten-
nessee, praying remuneration for property
taken ana used by the Union forces in the years
1862 and 1863 which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition from the
national convention of colored people of the
United States assembled in the city of Boston,
Massachusetts, on the 2d day of October, 1868,
praying that Congress will appropriate a por-
tion of the proceeds of southern property con-
fiscated during the war for the benefit of the
freedmen; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. RAMSEY presented three petitions of
citizens of the State of Minnesota, praying the
abolition of the franking privilege ; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. DRAKE presented a petition of citizens
of Independence, Missouri, praying the abor
lition of the franking privilege; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads. • -
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of the
Egery Irou Company and others, of Bangor,
Maine, remonstrating against the granting of
the petition of George, H. Corliss for the exten-
sion of his letters-patent of March 10,1849, for
improvements in the steam-engine j which was
referred to the Committee on Patents. _
Mr. WILLIAMS. I present the petitioij
of a large number of citizens of the fetate ot
Oregon, praying that the Umatilla Indian rest
em-ti&n in fel eoat&lsisg «fe«ra! 688
