1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
was read, and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee," to whom
was referred the petition of George P. Brott
praying to ba remunerated for the value of'
" model barge Brott & Davis," impressed into
the military service during the late war, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Washington G.
Irwin, praying for compensation for services
rendered as commander of company E, forty-
third regiment Ohio volunteers, submitted an
adverse report, and asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which, was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary E. Hill,
praying for compensation for services as nurse
in the Army and for the reimbursement of
moneys expended to aid suffering soldiers, sub-
mitted an adverse report j which was ordered
to be printed.
IIo also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 170) for the re-
lief of William Henry Otis, reported it with
an amendment, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. It. No. 89) provfdmg for the sales of
certain lands in the State of Kansas ceded to
the United States in trust by the Cherokee
nation of Indians, reported it with amend-
ments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. VICKERS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 450) to arch Tiber creek north of Penn-
sylvania avenue, District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 451) relative to pilotage; which was road
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
452) for the relief of the heirs of the late
Thomas Lossing, deceased ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 453) granting a pension to J. R. Calla-
han, of Chariton, Iowa: which was read twice
by its title, referred to tha Committee on Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 454) for the relief of William S. Mitchell;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 455) to incorporate the Washington Butch-
ers' Benevolent Association of the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and byilnanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 456) to provide for the compensation of
the grand and petit jurors in the Federal courts
for the eastern and western districts of Ark-
ansas ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 457)
for the relief of W. S. McCullough; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed. '
HOUSE BILL REFERttED.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now ask the Senate to
procccd to the consideration of Senate ioint
resolution No. 82.
Mr.CASSERLY. IftheSenatorfromMaine
will consent, I should like to have a House bill
now on the table referred to the Committee on
I ubKc Lands. I think it will require some
amendment in order to save the rights of the
State of California to land grants made to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine yield for that purpose ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
The bill (II. R. No. 975) to dedicate the pub-
lic agricultural lands in California to home-
stead agricultural purposes was read twice bv
its title.
Mr. CASSERLY. 'I move the reference of
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
The principle is a good one, but I think the bill
requires to be guarded in some respects.
The motion was agreed to.
SKIZUllE OF SP11UTS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move to take up
Senate joint resolution No. 82.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (S. R. No.
82) relating to the seizure of distilled spirits in
California, the pending question being on the
motion of Mr. Hamlin to postpone the joint
resolution indefinitely.
Mr. COLE. I shall not delay the vote upon
this resolution any length of time. I shall
regard an indefinite postponement of it as an
invitation on the part of the Senate to the offi-
cers having this subject in charge to dispose of
the case otherwise than by subtuissiou to tho
courts of the United States. Such interpreta-
tion, it seems to mo, will necessarily bo the
just one to be inferred from such a vote on
the part of the Senate. It will also be an indi-
cation of the strength of tho whisky power in
this Government. It will be a virtual conces-
sion to them of a controlling power in this Gov-
ernment. It will be, in my judgment, adeclar-
ation that alcohol is king; that it can control
the officers of this Government to a very con-
siderable extent and the action of Congress.
There is nobody here except the officers of tho
Government to interfere with the motion of the
Senator from Maine. The whisky power is
represented here constantly. It is in the lobby.
It is anxious upon this question; and if such
disposition is made of this resolution as is pro-
posed by the motion of the Senator from Maine
it will be regarded necessarily as a triumph of
that interest. It bas in many other instances
prevailed, and if it prevails in this instaneo,
when the question is brought to a fair and
square test, it will be a declaration equivalent
to this : that the course that has been provided
by the internal revenue law for the purpose of
testing frauds arising out of whisky shall bs a
nullity. The law which declares a forfeiture
of liquor that has evaded the payment of the
tax, the law which requires a fine upon per-
sons who have been instrumental in evading
the tax upon whisky will, in my judgment, by
such a vote be declared null and void.
I hope, for this reason, that the resolution
may be referred to a committee. It is not ask-
ing too much on behalf of the resolution. I do
not understand that there is any request on the
part of the Secretary of the Treasury or any
other officer that such a disposition of this res-
olution shall be made as is now proposed. On
the contrary, I have no doubt^ it would be a
relief to him to have an investigation of this
case and other cases—this case is a test-case—
for the purpose of arriving at sQme more defi-
nite and distinct rule in reference to the dispo-
sition of seizures in this country.
I am glad to say that the proceedings in this
particular case have resulted in many seizures
elsewhere. Considerable exertion, it seems to
me, has been made since this movement in
favor of arresting these whisky frauds through-
out the country. I see by the papers that seiz-
ures are made in New York, in Williamsburg,
in roughkeepsie, in Cincinnati, and in various
places throughout the country. If this case is
dismissed now it will be an invitation, a direct
instruction, as I regard it, to the officers to dis-
miss all cases where the parties can by ex parte
affidavits and statements present what seems
to them to be a plausible reason on their side
of the case. It must have this interpretation;
it can receive no other; and I hope, for this
reason, that the resolution will be referred to a
committee for examination.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
oil the motion of the Senator from Maine that
the joint resolution be postponed indefinitely.
The question being put, thero were, on a
division—ayes HI, noes 5; no quorum voting.
Mr. POMEROY. _ If the resolution were
referred to a committee we should have a
report that would enable us to vote understand-
ing^.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what the objection is to referring it ?
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be referred to
some committee and have a report made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to inquire, for
information, if it has ever been referred ?
Mr. COLE. It has not been. I want the
resolution referred.
Mr. POMEROY. I want it referred and
some report made upon it, and then I shall
know howto vote. I do notknowcow whether
it ought to be indefinitely postponed or not.
Mr. HAMLIN. The question is one pending
now before tha Secretary of the Treasury. He
is the officcr by law to investigate it. I do not
understand the merits of tho case, but it has
been determined by the Commissioner and has .
by him been submitted to the Secretary of the
Treasury. It is therefore a rebuke to those
officers to undertake to wrench the decision
from their hands.
Mr. POMEROY. A committee of this body
will take those facts into consideration.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will not take up any more
of the time of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it go to some commit-
tee of this body.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us vote. I ask for
another division.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again count the Senate, and Senators are
requested to vote in the affirmative or negative,
bo as to make a quorum. The pending motion
is that the joint resolution fee postponed indefi-
nitely.
Mr. COLE. My motien was thatit be referred
to the Committee on Retrenchment to investi-
gate the subject. The motion of the Senator
from Maine intervenes, and is to the effect that
it be indefinitely postponed. If it is not indefi-
nitely postponed of course it will be referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be the
next question in order if the previous motion
should fail. The question now is on the motion
of the Senator from Maine to postpone the joint
resolution indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to ; there being oa
a division—ayes 20, noes 15.
PORT Of DELIVERY AT OMAHA.
Mr. THAYBll. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
297. It will take but a few moments.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 297) to create a port of entry and delivery
at Omaha, Nebraska, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Commerce reported an
amendment, to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill and to insert the following:
lb at Omaha, in the State of Nebraska, shall be,
and is hereby, constituted a port of delivery withm
the collection district of New- Orleans; and thfrn
shrill be appointed a surveyor of customs, to reside
at said port, who shall, in addition to bis own duties,
perform the duties and receive tho salary and ernq!-
