1870..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
to pay those duties must go to the terminus of
the road one way or the other.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Maine
■will indulge me for a moment. Take, for
example, the railroad which crosses the river
next above, and which makes its junction with
the main trunk at Fremont; what will the Sen-
ator say in regard to that ? Must there be there,
although there is now one at St. Louis, and
although there is to be one at Omaha, another
port of delivery to ,the end that merchants may
pay duties at that very point in place of remit-
ting fifty or sixty or one hundred miles, as the
case may be ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I should say that at every
point where the importations were to such an
amount as to justify, it for the convenience of
the mercantile community and the importers
there should be a port of delivery. I have no
more doubt about it than I have that it would
be unjust to require the Senator to travel from
his own home to Albany to do his business.
You establish your rules for the purpose of
accommodating your importers, and there
should be ports of delivery where there are
actual importations, and oyer the Pacific rail-
road there will be importations.
Mr. THAYER. I will state a fact which has
occurred frequently, that merchants importing
goods at Omaha have had to go to San Fran-
cisco or to St. Louis or to New York to pay
their duties. We want to obviate that.
Mr. CONKLING. I have only to say in
reply to the honorable Senator from Maine
and the honorable Senator from Nebraska
that if She people in Maine and in Nebraska
are in the habit of going themselves in person
to make payments of duties it is a hardship
which, if the law imposes it, certainly ought
to be removed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to correct the Sen-
ator. There is no rule by which goods can be
transported from New York to Omaha, or from
San Francisco to Omaha, unless there be a
Government officer there to certify that they
are transported according to the regulations;
otherwise the importer roust go down and re-
ceive his goods in New York and there pay
his duties or pay an agent to do it for him. ^
Mr. CONKLING. The point is very plain
if it exists, and I want but a single moment
which still remains to state it. If a man
imports goods at Omaha, and they come to
St. Louis, he is to pay his duties there; if they
come to New Orleans he is to pay his duties
there; and, just as he does to make any other
payment, he remits his owner's oath and he
remits the money to pay his duties; and if he
were on the spot in the city of New York, or
in the city of New Orleans, in point of fact, it
is very doubtful whether he would do the busi-
ness in person.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, m order
'°The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired. The currency bill is before
the Senate, the pending question being on the
amendment of the Senator from Indiaua. _
Mr. THAYER. I hope the Senator will give
way to allow this bill to be disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ifthereis to beno further
discussion I will not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana give way?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir. .
Mr. SHERMAN, I offer the following
amendment:
And be it further enacted,'^ any port of doliveij
may at the discretion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ui^'be discoutmued when for more than one year it
shall be found to be unnecessary for the public
service.
The amendment to the amendmeut ^ as
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the substitute as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Tb« bill was reported to +1+9 Senate as
Mr. CONKLING. May we hear the amend-
ment which the Senator from Ohio offered
read onee again ?
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
that that is a very diluted form in which to put
it. The Senate will observe he makes as a con-
dition that if this is to occur it may occur only
when for an entire year it has been found un-
necessary, and even when that condition has
occurred he does not make it mandatory at all,
but merely permissive. That is a very mild
form in which to put it.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ If the Senator will offer
some amendment to it I have no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
to say that the Secretary shall discontinue any
port of delivery when the condition has oc-
curred, to-wit, when for an entire year it lias
proved to be useless. I do not think after
that there ought to be any doubt about it. If
he preserves the expression "may," then I
would propose to strike out the condition. If
he leaves it entirely at the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury, so be it, that lie
may whenever in his discretion he deems it
well to do so discontinue any port of delivery;
but if the Senator confines it to a case where
the uselessness has been demonstrated, and
that for a year, then I say it ought to be manda-
tory, and I move to insert the word " shall"
in place of the word " may."
Mr. TRUMBULL. This also is prospective,
I will suggest to the Senator from Ohio, and
would pecessarily continue all these offices for
a year. He does not mean that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana, I understand, has found
some authority on the subject.
Mr. KELLOGG. I have before ma a sec-
tion which I desire to read touching this
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the language
ought to be changed so as not to be prospect-
ive.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will look at it again.
It was drawn hurriedly at my desk.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to read a sec-
tion from the statute ot June 14, 1858 :
" That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and is
hereby, authorized in his discretion to discontinue
all ports of delivery the revenue receipts ot which do
not amount to the sum of J10,000.
This law recognizes the principal reason
upon which the committee reported this bill.
It covers, I think, the whole gonnd sought to
be covered by the Senator Irom Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear
that section again.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is as follows:
" That the Senretary of the Treasury bo, aud ho ie
hereby, authorized in his discrotion to discontinue
all ports of delivery tho revenue receipts of whioh do
not amount to thesum of 810,000."
This is tho law that I had reference to.
Where the revenue exceeds the amount of
$10,000 it was thought to be a sufficient reason
for establishing a port of delivery. _ There is
no port of delivery on the Missouri river above
St. Louis, and as there is a large commercial
community at Omaha we thought it should be
made a port of delivery.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that is the law 
Mr. KELLOGG. That is the law I had
reference to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from New
York read another law which seemed to apply.
Mr. KELLOGG. This law was passed be-
cause there was a question as to the amount
of revenue, and to obviate all difficulty on that
ground.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have accomplished my
object. I will withdraw the amendment and
allow the bill to pass. I call the attention of
the Committee on Commerce to the subject,
as they will have it before thorn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection tho amendment of the Senator from
. Ohio will be regarded as withdrawn, and the
! gixagtififf is nft ro.v.ptjvfmg jp rl:§ W'l'i
the substitute agreed to in Committee of Hie
Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
.The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr. THAYER, the title of
the bill was amended so as to read : " A bill
to constitute Omaha, in the State of Nebraska,
a port of delivery."
SENATOR FK0M VIRGINIA.
Mr. STEWART. Is there any communi-
cation on the table from the House of Repre-
sentatives ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives has submitted the usual memoranda
announcing that the President of the United
States has communicated to the House his
signature to an act (H. R. No. 783) to admit
the State of Virginia to representation in the
Congress of the United States.
Mr. BOREMAN. I understand that one
of the Senators-elect from Virginia, Mr. John
F. Lewis, is present and ready to take the
oath of office. I move that he be qualified.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the credentials of the Senators
from Virginia.
The Secretary read tho credentials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia announces the presence of
John F. Lewis, Senator-elect from the State
of Virginia for the term ending March 3,1873,
and asks that the oath of office be administered
to him. If not objected to he will present him-
self at the desk of the Vice President and take
the oath of office.
Mr. Lewis then advanced to the desk,
escorted by Mr. Boreman, and the oaths pre-
scribed by law having been administered to
him, ho took his seat in the Senate.
WITHDRAWAL Of PAPERS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I submit a motion that the
Committee on Claims be discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of Mrs.
Mary Lincoln, and that the memorial and
accompanying papers be delivered to the me-
morialist, who desires to withdraw them and
go home.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be made.
printing of a resolution.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move that the resolu-
tion which I offered tho other day, and which
wa3 referred to the Committee^ on Public
Lands, in regard to the classification of pub-
lic lands in the State of California, be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
bo made.
DESKS IN THE SENATE CHAMBER.
Mr. WILSON. I submit the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration :
liesolved, That tho Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to have the deeka in tho Senate Chamber placed
closer together, and additional desks furnished for
tho accpmmodation of Senators who may hereafter
bo appointed to fill existing vacancies in tho Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Is that necessary ? _ Can
we not have an outer row of seats ? it will be
very inconvenient to have our desks so close
together that we cannot pass out without going
behind a whole row of Senators.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object to the consideration of the resolu-
U°Mr. SUMNER. It had better be considered
by a committee. , , ,
Mr. ANTHONY. _ I think it had better go
to a committee. I think we can have an outer
row of seats, which would be much more con-
venient. „. , . . .i
Mr, WILSON, I have no objection to the
|i goto* to ft eowmHtw and having «
