810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
examination of the matter. The Sergeant-at-
Arms did not like to act either way until he
had some instruction from the Senate. I
therefore move th'e reference bf the resolution
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIU HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 985) to amend an act
entitled "An act to admit the State of Virginia
to representation in the Congress of the United
gta£es (1
A bill (H. R. No. 086) to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
tub currency.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 378) to provide a national currency
of coin notes and to equalize the distribution
of circulating notes, the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Morton, to strike
out "$45,000,000," in line three of the first
section, and insert "$52,000,000;" so as to
read: " that $52,000,000 in notes for circula-
tion may be issued to national banking asso-
ciations," &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Indiana [Mr. Morton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORTON. I yield the floor in favor
of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.]
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am quite con-
scious that I have spent as much time since
this question has been before the Senate as a
man ought to spend who knows nothing about
the subject of finance; but I cannot afford so
blessed an opportunity as this to get instruc-
tion to pass by without further improvement. I
have listened to this debate more closely than
I ever listened to one, 1 believe, in my life;
and I am obliged to confess that I am-a little
bewildered by it. It has exhibited to me some
jieculiarities that I have never discovered be-
fore. I never knew a case in my life where the
doctors all seemed so unanimously agreed as
to the disease as they do in reference to this
matter. I never saw a case or knew of one
where the doctors seemed so unanimously
agreed not to effect a cure as they do in this
matter. I never knew a case where they were
so unanimously agreed that the disease ought
to be alleviated as they are in this; and I never
knew a case whore they seemed so hopelessly,
utterly divided as to the sort of palliatives that
ought to be administered.
TheSenatorfrom Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, lead-
ing off'iu.this debate, told us, as I understood
him, explicitly that the great difficulty in our
way was that banking was a monopoly, and
of course, as all monopolies are, is unequally
distributed and partially enjoyed. All monop-
olies must be so. If they were not they would
not be any monopolies. The Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] echoes that senti-
ment, says it is so. The Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] agrees to that. The Senator
from New York, [Mr. Fknton,] every Senator
who has spoken upon it, I believe, agrees to
that as an accurate statement of the disease.
But they are just as completely agreed that
it will not do to break up the monopoly, it will
not do to abolish it; and yet they are all agreed
that wo must try to palliate it, or alleviate
against it. Now comes in the point of dis-
agreement. The Senator from Ohio proposes
to distribute $45,000,000 of new banking cir-
culation, and so far as that goes to equalize
the circulation between the different sections
of the country. The Senator from Indiana
proposes to increase that new banking circula-
tion, if I understand him. to the amount of
§65,000,000; $52,000,000 to be issued upon
retiring the three per cents., and $13,000,000 to
be withdrawn from existing banking institu-
tions. TheSenatorfrom Massachusetts proposes
to "go them better," and to issue $200,000)000
of new banking circulation.
Mr. HAMLIN and Mr. CONKLING. What
do you mean by "going them better?"
Mr. HOWE. I am asked what I mean by
the expression "going them betterI mean
to be understood. I know where I am speak-
ing and to whom I am speaking. [Laughter.]
Mr. WARNER. We did not hear the Sen-
ator's explanation on this side of the Chamber.
Mr. HOWE. My friend from Alabama can
read it in the Globe, and I have no doubt it
will interest him. [Laughter.]
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
does not seem to be, if I understand his amend-
ment, particular as to which of these sums is
agreed upon as the amount of the new banking
circulation, but he seems to be more particular
as to the source from which wo shall get it.
He does, I think, propose that the increased
banking circulation shall be $60,000,000 ; not
$45,000,000, nor $65,000,000, nor $200,000,-
000, but $60,000,000; but he is especially anx-
ious. if I understand him, that that shall be
withdrawn from existing banking institutions,
everybody conceding that the East and the
North have an undue proportion of the present
banking facilities. Now, I complained of that
very thing the other day myself; bat I never
thought to complain of New England or of
New York, of the East or the North. I do not
hold them to be guilty for this state of things,
and I do not wish to punish them for this state
of things. All I ask as a western man is that
the West shall have the privilege of sucn bank-
ing faeilities as they shall be able to command;
that your law shall not restrict them. Give
them enough, and I do not care how much you
have in the East. It does not hurt my feelings
at all to know that my neighbor's table is well
loaded so long as I have enough to eat myself.
I do not want to tear down anything that is.
I want you to help to build up other portions
of the country ; that ia all.
The question arose yesterday as to how great
this inequality was. The Senator from New
York [Mr. Conklinu] seemed to feel rather
hurt at the suggestion that New York had a
larger proportion of this existing banking cir-
culation than she was entitled to. I think the
fact is so, undeniably; and I do not think that
the Senator from New York or any citizen of
New York needs to be hurt in his feelings by
stating the fact.
Mr. CONKLING. Not if the fact were so;
but it is not so.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator repeats that the
fact is not so. Now, he plants himself upon
the law, and, admitting that her share of the
circulation is larger than her population would
entitle her to, he insists that when one half of
the $300,000,000 is to be apportioned upon busi -
ness, that will equalize it. Sir, we do not
know what the ratio is between the business
of New York and the business of Massachu-
setts and the business of Michigan; and we
know just as much about it as the Comptroller
of the Currency does, or the Secretary of the
Treasury. That cannot be settled. You do
not know about that, i'ou open the door to
an endless dispute when you raise that ques-
tion. But the law did provide, to be sure, that
one half of the $800,000,000 should be based
upon population and the other half upon busi-
ness. The lav/, in my judgment, is as unjust
and as inequitable as was the administration
of the law in the opinion of the Senator from
Ohio and in the opinion of all of us; and I
prove it by reference to the stale of facts before
that law was passed. Before your present bank-
ing lav/ was put upon the statute-book every
State could have just as much banking circu-
lation as their Legislature saw fit to authorize
and their capital could supply. New York
had as much; New England had as much;
©very other State had as much.
What was the banking circulation of New
York prior to that time? From 1854 to 1861
the largest bank circulation in the State of
New York, when they could have just as much
as they pleased, was a little more than thirty-
four million dollars, and the lowest circulation
was but a little more than twenty-two mil-
lion dollars in that time. But when your law
said that the whole circulation of the bank-
ing institutions of the country should be but
$300,000,000, and when thequestion'wasineach
State to grab all they could and hold all they
got, then New York, knowing that what she
got other States oould not get, that just in pro-
portion as she got hold of this_circulation she
would have the monopoly of it, went in like
every other State, with better success than other
States, and she got $68,000,000 of this circu-
lation. Wisconsin, which had before the war,
when she could have as much as ehe pleased,
a circulation of over four million dollars, now,
to-day, with her business nearly doubled and
her population increased by a quarter, has but
little over two million dollars of this circula-
tion. It is unjust; it is inequitable, grossly
so. The Senator from Ohio is right, and can-
not be contradicted on this point.
But now, since we all agree upon that, why
not make it just and equitable? New York
has no more than she wants. Nobody com-
pelled her to take a dollar of this circulation.
New England has no more than she wants.
Why not give to the other States of the Union
what they want ? The Senator from Ohio says
$45,000,000 will do it. That is all the capital
that would be invested in banking he thinks.
He says the best authorities say that. But the
Senator from Indiana, sitting right before him,
says $65,000,000 will be taken. Has he got
any better authority than the Senator from
Indiana ? But the Senatorfrom Massachusetts
says that $200,000,000 of new capital will be
taken up. Is there any better authority on this
subject than the Senator from Massachusetts ?
I argued the other day that your whole green-
back circulation and circulation of fractional
currency, if you would retire it, would be vol-
untarily replaced by a bank circulation based
on actual capital. Have you got any better
authority than I am? [Laughter.] Yes, sir;
in my judgment you have got better authority
than 1 am, and, I say it with all deference,
better authority than the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, or the Senator from Indiana, or the
authority which the Senator from Ohio quotes.
The bank Comptroller tells ns—is he not good
authority?—that no statesman can guess how
much currency you want. No human intelli-
gence, says Professor Newman, can determine
how mueh currency is needed for a commu-
nity. But I will tell you how you can make
the thing absolutely certain: just make it free,
taking care that you do not inflate ; give to all
men this privilege of issuing bank notes upon
the* same conditions on which you allow any
man to issue them, taking care that national
notes be retired as bank notes come before the
community. If the Senator from Ohio is right
in supposing that $45,000,000 is all that the
West and the South need only $45,000,000 of
bank notes will be put in circulation. If- the
Senatorfrom Indiana is right in supposing that
$65,000,000 is all that the West and the South
need only $65,000,000 will be put afloat. If
the Senator from Massachusetts, on the con-
trary, is right in supposing that $200,000,000 is
wanted, then the West and the South together
with the East and the North will have the priv-
ilege of putting $200,000,000 afloat upon the
community. The Senator from Indiana ques-
tions the Senator from Ohio, and I think per-
tinently and forcibly, "Why d® you stop at
$45,000,000? more is needed." The Senator
Iroui Massachusetts just as pertinently, in my
judgment, and just as forcibly, questions the
Senator from Indiana, " Why do vou stop at
$65,000,000? more is needed." And I think,
Mr. President, I say it with all deference, that
I may just as pertinently and forcibly question
the Senator from Massachusetts, " Why do you
stop at $500,000,000 ? How do you know that
