1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
i
more is not needed 1 Take offyour restriction,
give every portion of the country a fair chance
at this privilege; they will not invest any more
than they want, and your currency cannot be
injured if you take care that one kind of paper
be retired as fast as another comes into use."
What is the objection to this? Is there any in
the world except the supposition that the peo-
ile prefer United States notes to bank notes?
s not that the only objection to this proposi-
tion ; but is that supposition well grounded ?
Are you dead sure the people prefer United
States notes to bank notes ? If you are, and
you mean to gratify the people, if you know
that, and you mean to administer this Govern-
ment according to their will, why do you not
do the other thing and wipe your banks right
out of existence ? If they prefer national notes
give them national notes.
Bat, Mr. President, I do not believe that the
people prefer any such thing. I believe the
people of the United States are pretty sensible.
I have always found them, I thought, quite up
to the level of the Government itself. I believe
the people of the United States prefer the best
circulation; and what is the best circulation?
That which is convertible into coin; and if you
cannot have that, have that which comes near-
est to it. You cannot have that to-day. My
judgment is that you ought to start on the road
which leads toward it.
Now, Mr. President, these being my views,
knowing, as I think I do, that the West and
the South are greatly wronged by the existing
order of things, I am bound to vote for the
measure which I think will afford the most
relief. If I can get nothing better, of ooursa
I shall vote for the proposition of the Finance
Committee, which gives us only $45,000,000
additional. I do not suppose that will give a
dollar to the State of Wisconsin, but it will
give money to States that are wronged worse
even than Wisconsin. If I can get the propo-
sition of the Senator from Indiana I like it
better, and yet there is a feature in that prop-
osition of his that I do not like. I like his
sum, of course, better than that proposed by
the Finance Committee, but I do not like to
take even that $13,000,000 away from existing
banks. I know the banks can afford to part
with it, and I know that that section in which
those banks are now located can afford to part
with it; it would not hurt them very much.
But do you not see, Mr. President, that
when you take $13,000,000 from their circula-
tion the banks themselves have got to take it
right out of the pockets of the people? That
$13,000,000 is loaned, and to tell you the hon-
est truth about it, I do not know but that some
of it is loaned to my constituents. We have
got eastern money out there in the basin of
the lakes ; they have got eastern money down
in the southern States; and when the eastern
banks begin to collect I do not know who will
yell first; I may hear a racket in my own neigh-
borhood ; and that teaches me to be a little
cautious about drawing on the circulation of
existing banks. If we can avoid that I would
rather do it.
I like the proposition of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts better thaa either of these, because
he gives us the largest limit. He still has alimit;
you all have a limit, but his views are more lib-
eral ; his limit is not so confined. But there is
one difficulty in his proposition that he did not
explain the other day, and I hope he will ex-
plain it. He does not propose to inflate the
currency, and I do not think we ought to i nffate
the currency until you can apply that test by
which you can certainly know whether the vol-
ume of your currency is too large or not—the
convertibility test. Until that time I do not
think you ought to inflate your currency.
To avoid inflation the Senator from Massa-
chusetts says that as fast as this new bank
circulation comes before the community legal-
tender notes shall be retired. Of course they
ought to be retired, but he does not tell us how
they shall be retired. How shall they ? 1 be
Treasury has but one way of retiring them that
I know of, and that is by applying the revenues
derived from taxation to the cancellation of
the notes. That does not agree with the theory
of the Senator from Massachusetts to reduce
taxation. He wants to lessen the taxation. If
the Senator would point out, as he must have
reflected on that point, how he means to have
these $200)000,000 retired, and it does not in-
volve the people in new burdens, I shall agree
to his proposition very readily. There is one
way in which that can be done, and that is by
funding these notes.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has
two or three times protested against mixing up
this funding business with the banking question.
I confess that to my mind these two subjects
have always seemed indissolubly blended. I
do not know but that the Finance Committee
can separate them, treat them separately and
distinctly. The Senator admits that the sub-
ject of funding is under consideration in the
Finance Committee, from which I am led to
infer that they mean by aud by to propose to
us a measure for funding the whole outstand-
ing debt of the United States in some new se-
curity. If they do propose to fund the non-
interest-bearing debt they must propose to
fund it in one of two ways: either by the sub-
stitution of new bank circulation in place of
the Treasury notes, or without that substitution.
If they mean to propose the substitution, then
you must have new banks. If they do not
msan to propose the substitution, then you
must have contraction inevitably. I do not
believe the Finance Committee aye ever going
to propose, certainly not this year or nsxt,
the funding of your Treasury notes in six per
cent., orfive percent., or four per cent, bonds,
and to leave their place in the circulation un-
supplied; so that it seems to me the two
measures are indissolubly connected with each
other.
Now I have said all I wish to say with refer-
ence to the first portion of the pending bill.
I have indicated how it seems to mo with my
views I ought to vote upon each of the propo-
sitions before the Senate.
Mr. President, with reference to the last por-
tion of this bill I shall say but very little, for I
feel very timid about saying anything upon it.
It seems to me that so very frail a bird as that
is should bo discussed _ very gingerly oven by
the most practiced ornithologist, aud I do not
claim to be an ornithologist at all. It seems
to me, however, that the bill must operate very
differently in different sections of the country;
but it must have one practical effect, on this
side of the mountains or on the Atlantic coast,
and a radically different effect upon the Pacific
coast. On the Pacific coast, it seems to mo, it
will have the effect to increase their circulation
practically. Having done business up to this
, point upon a specie circulation exclusively, the
! issue of these coin notes will to some extent
add to that circulation. "But I always supposed
that it was the desire and the aim of the Treas-
ury, and of the Financc Committee, and of the
Government in all its departments, so far as it
had any interest in this matter, to have our
paper circulation, the Treasury note, circulate
freely all over the country. It has been ex-
cluded from the Pacific coast heretofore ; they
have been enabled to keep it out altogether.
The difficulty is getting greater and greater
there every year.
The opening of the Pacific railroad, and the
consequent increase of our trade and of our
travel with that coast, makes it more difficult
for them to keep out the national notes from
circulation there. What is the great argument
which in addition to this is urging upon them
the use of these notes ? It is that they are short
of circulation; they want more circulation.
Now, is it an object for the Finance Commit-
tee, is it an object for the country to supply
, them with that additional circulation in order
| to keep out the Treasury note? If it is I do
i1 not so understand it. But I do not propose to
spend any time upon this point. If it is desir
able to help them fight back the tide of green-
backs which now tends toward the Pacific
coast why engage in it? I have not any stom-
ach for it myself. I do not care about seeing
a clearing-house opened atOgden at which the
traveler to the Pacific coast must unload his
greenbacks and load up with coin in order to
get along comfortably and conveniently when
he arrives in California or arrives in Oregon.
But if it is thought desirable I have no objec-
tion to it. I have tried it once, and Lknow the
thing is possible. I have no objection to try-
ing it again. On this side what will be its
effect? It seems to me it will not only have
the effect which I ascribed to it the other day,
that of licensing and legalizing what I cannot
help but considsrthe worst traffic in this coun-
try, that is, the traffic in gold; but it will have
the effect to increase and to aggravate that
difficulty. It seems to me it is organizing
great corporations to engage in it.
Was the Senator from Ohio right in saving
that we had to-day or have had at any time
such coin notes in circulation in the city of
New York as this bill contemplates ? It seems
to me he was not. Nay, sir, what have you had
which he calls coin notes ? Simple receipts
executed by the Government of the United
States, saying what? Not that they would
promise to pay a certain amount in coin at a cer-
tain day, but saying that they havegot so much
coin in the Treasury belonging to such an in-
dividual. Not a dollar of that can go out of
the Treasury. There itisa warehouse receipt,
nothing more nor less. The Treasury is bound
to keep that coin there ; it earns nothing. How
in the world the Government ever concluded
to become the bailee without reward of any
sort or profit of any kind for this coin, and
assume the risk of keeping it, assume the ex-
pense of counting it over and over again, I never
could understand. Here but a very short time
ago, when your sub-Treasury changed hands in
New York, you sent I do not know how many
regiments of accountants over there to count
out this gold. How many times it has been
counted since it was deposited there 1 do not
know, nor what the expense is. It earns the
Government nothing. We are keeping it for the
rightowners. That receipt passes undoubtedly
in the community. But what doesthis propose I
Notes issued by private corporations prom-
ising to pay com not certifying that they have
got coin. They have not got it. The bill only
provides that they shall have twenty-five per
cent, of the amount of their capital in coin,
and their credit is employed to the extent of
the balance ; and what is the security that
these notes will be paid 1 The deposit of that
twenty-five per cent, coin and your bonds
deposited here in the Treasury, at the rate of
$100 in bonds to eighty dollars of these notes.
What will be the effect upon such a bank when
the bulls contrive, as they did a short time
ago, to send gold up forty cents in a day, and
what will be the effect upon your bonds in the
Treasury? The credit of the Government, do
you not see, is pledged to the fulfillment of
these gold sales in New York to the delivery
of the gold. I should like myself to keep the
credit of the Government out of that shop if
it were possible to do ho, and I think it is if
you let it alone and have nothing to do with it.
If they will sell gold on time, let them sell
gold on time; let individuals do it; let their
personal responsibility be the only guarantee
for the performance of the contract. I think
the Government had better keep its credit out
of all operations of that kind.
And therefore, unless gentlemen will show
me that I am mistaken in the operation of
the last sections of this bill, I do not see flow
I can be persuaded into voting for them. But
with regard, as I said before, to the first and
second sections of th© bill, I am the easiest
man to compromise with on the floor ot the
Senate. I shall vote for the passage of some-
thing, the best I can get; the worst that there
