812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
is there if I cannot get anything better; hut
having got all that the best of you propose,
all that the Senator from Massachusetts pro-
poses, I shall be bound to say what I said the
other day, that you have not broken up the
monopoly, you have not decreed equal rights
in reference to this franchise—the franchise
of banking.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I simply
■wish to answer the question of the Senator from
Wisconsin with regard to the gold notes
by the Treasury of the United States. Those
gold notes circulate precisely as bank bills, not
in the name of the individuals depositing the
fold, but as bills of issue. They are like $500
ank bills, payable not to any particular indi-
vidual, but to the bearer. They are issued, it
is true, for the gold deposited, or they are paid
out in payment of interest of the Government,
just the same as bank bills are for any other
purpose, So far as the issue of gold notes upon
the deposit of bonds of the Government of the
United States, as provided in this bill, is con-
cerned, 1 say tnat that is a better security than
the Government of the United States can give
in issuing such notes, because they have out-
standing now some forty or fifty millions of
gold certificates, and they may to-day sell the
gold or pay out gold, so that they may not have
more than $80,000,000 of gold in the Treas-
ury. Suppose we have only $80,000,000 of gold
and $40,000,000 of certificates are presented;
you may break the Treasury. A bank has to
look to its resources as well as the Treasury.
You may say that the Treasury will not do
that; but I say there is no provision of law
whereby they may not do it. They may pay
out all the gold in the Treasury and have these
certificates yet outstanding. So I say a bank
established on this basis and issuing gold notes
is actually better secured and its currency is
safer than the gold certificates now issued by
the Government. If banks are established on
this basis and issue only eighty per cent, of
notes for one hundred per cent, of bonds
deposited with the Government of the United
States, and then they are compelled by law to
retain twenty-five per cent, of gold on hand,
you have not only the bonds but the reserve
of twenty-five per cent, in the banks, and they
are subject to be called upon according to law
at any time for a statement as to how they
stood on any past day, like any other national
banks. Consequently the same guard is thrown
around these banks of issue of gold notes that
is thrown around the national banks, only the
security is greater.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I have list-
ened to this debate with a great deal of atten-
tion and with great satisfaction. I do not think
the bill before the Senate is all that could be
desired, but I think with some of the amend-
ments which have been proposed it will go far
toward relieving the wants of the portions of
the country which are without their fair pro-
portion of the circulation of the national banks.
At the last session the bill which passed the
Senate proposed to take $30,000,000 of circu-
lation from those States which had an excess
of national bank circulation and distribute it
to those that had less than their proportion.
I voted for that bill then, although it fcas said
that by voting for it we were doing a great
injustice to certain States. I did not then
perceive that we were doing injustice to any-
body, and I confess that I must ask pardon if
my eyes are no clearer to-day.
I cannot forget that about 1860 the circula-
tion of all the banks in the United States was
only about two hundred and two million dol-
lars, and that at that time the three States
which are most largely in excess in this matter
of national bank circulation, namely, Massa-
chusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut, had
but one sixth of that circulation. Their uni-
ted bank circulation at that time was one sixth
of the circulation of all, It is now about
twenty-nine and a half per cent, or there'
cent.—of the whole circulation. There has
been a time since the formation of the national
banks when it was l'orty-one per cent, of the
whole circulation.
Let us contrast with the condition of those
three States the condition of some other States.
Take the States of Virginia, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama. In
I860, when the percentage of the whole bank
circulation of the United States held by the
three States of New England which I have
named was one sixth, the circulation of these
southern States was twenty-two per cent, of
the whole circulation of the United States.
That was the relation which those two sets of
States held with regard to each other and with
regard to the whole amount of circulation when
banking was entirely froe and every State could
have just as much circulation as its Legislature
chose to authorize or as its capital demanded.
Those three New England States had one sixth
of the entire circulation, and the States which
I have named in the South had twenty-two hun-
dredths, or over one third more than the three
New England States. Now those three States
have twenty-nine per cent, and the States I
have named in the South have two per cent, of
the national circulation. At this time the States
of Virginia, the two Carolinas, Georgia, and
Alabama have only two per cent, of the entire
amount of national bank circulation.
Capital in those States would gladly establish
banks of issue under State law, but in those
States, as in the rest of the country, banks of
issue are taxed out of existence under the
national banking law. We are therefore bound
to fall back upon the national banking act for
banking facilities, and as the Government has
taken possession and control of the business
of national banking, were we about to adjust
the system anew, 1 suppose no one would deny
that the facilities offered by the system should
be distributed somewhat as they were pre-
scribed to be distributed in the original bank
act; that is, partially on population and par-
tially on the business necessities, resources, and
business transactions of the various parts of
the country.
Now I see nothing specially in the business
of the New England States or any of the north-
ern States which at the present time would
indicate that they require a larger percentage
of the whole circulation than they did in 1860
except this one fact: the business of national
banking having proved one of the most profit-
able kinds of business in the country, they,
with that enterprise which characterizes their
people, have gone into it, and they wish to main-
tain control of it. That reason exists for keep-
ing that excess of circulation in those States.
They have managed to put the rest of the
country in a condi lion where every single trans-
action which occurs must pay tribute to the
monetary power centered there. Tho money
which has been put into national banks in those
States which have an excess has come to be a
power which stretches its arms over every State
in the Union; and every planter, every pro-
ducer of those great staples which enable us to
pay our debts to foreign nations, has to pay a
tribute to the bankers in the States which have
this excess of circulation. That is a reason
why this state of things should continue, and
it seems to me to be the only reason. It cer-
tainly cannot bo asserted on this floor, and I
believe it has not been, that the legitimate,
ordinary, commercial and industrial transac-
tions and operations of the States having this
excess demand anything like this excess of cur-
rency. The reason is that they wish to supply,
and do supply, the South and the West with the
money to produce and to move the great staples
which are so important in our national econ-
omy. That is the single reason why this excess
of currency should be left there.
And yet, I do not forget that if we encroach
upon the circulation of those States, if we take
from their batiks a part of that circulation, it
roiif prodgr*, <"4 fill
which will affect not merely the people who
own the stocks of those banks and who are
deriving incomes from that stock, but also the
people whom the Senators from the West and
the Senators from the South^ represent here.
As the Senator from Wisconsin has said, I.do
not know' but that some of my constituents
may be ruined by the withdrawal of circula-
tion from New England banks. I do not know
that a contraction in the currency of those
parts of the country might not extend to the
South and West and produce more_ injury to
us in that direction than any expansion of our
own banking facilities would produce good by-
taking currency from them and giving it to our
people.
But it eaems to me that the small amount
proposed by the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana may be safely withdrawn from
the banks in those States which have the excess
of circulation, after the $52,000,000 which is
proposed in another amendment of that Sena-
tor has been made use of, without any serious
disturbance. The retiring of the three per
cent, certificates, and the substitution of na-
tional bank circulation in their place, would
probably supply the pressing and immediate
wants of the West and South. But it has been
remarked that this would be altogether inade-
quate. We want more. There will be more
than forty-five million dollars, more than fifty-
two million dollars wanted within no very great
length of time 5 and therefore I think it would
bo wise for us to adopt the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana withdrawing $13,000,000
from the banks in the States which have an
excess of this circulation. That would cer-
tainly produce no great disturbance, especially
ifthat withdrawal should not take place till some
future time after the issue of the $45,000,000,
which is provided for by the retirement of the
three per cent, certificates. Those banks would
radually prepare themselves for this with-
rawal. The business community would pre-
pare themselves for this withdrawal. I hope,
therefore, that the amendment will be adopted.
There is probably reason for a difference of
opinion about that portion of this bill which
proposes to establish banks upon a gold basis,
but I confess I have heard no special reason
urged here to make me believe that it is danger-
ous. I doubt very much whether we shall see
banks established on the Atlantic coast under
the last three sections of this bill j but if they
are established, I see no reason why they should
not be just the same as any other banks. Cer-
tainly their notes are just as well secured as
the notes of the other national banks. The
same security exists for the holder of the note.
If there is no profit in establishing such banks
it will simply be a proposition which will have
no effect. Our friends on the Pacific coast, on
the other hand, claim that it is necessary to
help them ; and it seems to me that if they
want this plan or anything like this, there can
be no valid objection urged against trying it-
It certainly can do no harm, and it may do
I did not rise to make any extended remarks
on this question, because it has been discussed
so long and so much has been said about it that
everybody I believe, as the Senator from Wis-
consin says, is agreed about the disease, and
I regret that wo are not all agreed on the rem-
edy. I do not believe that the bill of the com-
mittee is the best bill that could be drawn;
but it has the sanction of the committee and
has been carefully considered. I do believe
it will help the South and West out of most of
their difficulties, certainly for the next two or
three years ; and I believe it is the best meas-
ure we can get. I have no anticipation that
such an amendment as that proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts would prevail in
the other House if we were to pass it here. I
think that the bill with the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana would be more likely to
pass in tho other Hongs than it will be without*
tliftl amendment? l.wsw thws vm i i'liROsi*-
