1810.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
tion manifested there to take a larger sum
from the States which have art excess of circu-
lation rather than the smaller one that was put
into the bill which passed the Senate at the
last session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not propose to make any extended
remarks upon this bill, but only to notice a few
points in the debate. I suppose there is not
a single Senator here who has not entire con-
fidence that he is a good financier either in
his official or in his private capacity. So great
is that confidence on the part of Senators that
when a question of this kind comes up about
one half of the Senate vacate their seats and
pay no sort of attention to the matter under
discussion, only when they return they are sure
to adhere to their own opinions. It is very
difficult to induce one half of the Senate to sur-
render their pet theories to the other half; but,
sir, if we are to adopt anything practical at this
or any other time Senators will be compelled
to give up something of their private theories
and pet bills. They must compromise on the
best plan offered or fail in doing anything.
Sir, if we should succeed in getting our na-
tional debt funded at a very much lower rate
of interest, as is proposed on all sides, there
is not going to be much of a rush on the part
of anybody, East or West or South, to go into
the banking business. With currency at or
near the par of gold, with bonds bearing only
four or five per cent, interest, and taxation on
banking privileges of over two per cent., the
business will no longer be profitable in States
where no more than six per cent, interest is
allowed; and that is perhaps all that should be
allowed, as we ought to make our system of
banking one that will be able and willing to
lend money to solvent borrowers at a cheap
rate. There will be no fierce competition, in
my opinion, in the North or East for more bank-
ing privileges on the terms likely to be imposed
by the present Congress.
Notwithstanding the expressed desire on
the part of many Senators here not to impute
any blame to New England or the North,
there is a disposition to press it home that the
East have derived an undue advantage under
the distribution of the present banking capital
of the country. The Senators who press this
view fail to remember under what circum-
stances this system v:as adopted. It was
adopted as a war measure, pressed upon us
not only by Secretary Chase, but by the Pres-
ident himself and by the Secretary of State,
They declared that it was the only mode by
which tbe credit of the United States could be
sustained through the struggle then impending,
over us; and the law went so far as to abso-
lutely confiscate the circulation of the New
England and New York banks unless they
should come into the new system. Their cir-
culation was to be subjected to a tax that in
the end would amount to absolute confiscation.
When these national banks were instituted
and United States notes were issued the great
West owed the East not less than $200,000,000,
which was paid off in a depreciated currency,
greatly to the benefit and convenience of the
debtors. The West is no longer indebted to
the East, and I rejoice that this is the fact.
They had the advantage of this system, and
they are now much more independent than
before the war. The South was not in a con-
dition, of course, being in rebellion, to avail
itself of the banking privileges which were
granted. Bat is it any reproach that, the States
that were loyal to the Union accepted these
provisions of law by which a new banking sys-
tem was to be inaugurated? Was it any re-
proach to the West, that tbey had not tue means
at that time of accepting the privileges that
were granted or that they failed to come up
and ask for banks under the new system? The
system was accepted slowly and at the time
With profound reluctance everywhere. Capital
was fully employed elsewhere.
Why, sir, the Government bonds were urged
upon the West by advertisements in every news-
paper, by agents throughout that region, and
it was only after the utmost exertions that the
Secretary of the Treasury could induce the
State of Ohio, the State of Illinois, and the
State of Indiana to take bonds enough to
enable them to accept even a small portion of
banking privileges. A subscription to bonds
was the condition-precedent to the establish-
ment of banks. I do not find fault with any
State for not doing this, for I suppose they did
all they could; but surely those who did more
ought not now to suffer reproach for so doing.
Under that state of facts, while I am desirous
of remedying all the defects of the law, all the
inequalities in its execution, cannot Senators
wait a reasonable time until a proper and fair
proposition is presented? I think the propo-
sition presented by the Committee on Finance
is a fair one. When it was proposed to take
right out of the side of the New York and the
New England banks $80,000,000 of capital and
distribute it among other States I thought that
a harsh and even an extremely unjust and un-
fair proposition; but when it is proposed to
take the three per cent, certificates away from
the national banks which were issued to take
up six per cent, compound-interest notes which
had been used without law, without the inten-
tion of Congress, for the purpose of a bank
reserve, and to allow an equal amount of new
banking capital to the States having less than
their ratio, I think that is a fair proposition.
But nevertheless almost every dollar of this
$45,000,000 is to come out of the banks of the
North and East the same as though the prop-
osition had been made in the original and more
objectionable terms ; for it is these banks that
possess the three per cent, certificates to-day,
and when they part with them they must collect
an equal amount from their customers to re-
place them. So that, in effect, this amount of
$45,000,000, so far as it is now held by the
banks, is mainly to come out of the New York
and the New England banks.
The Senator from Indiana is mistaken in his
suggestion in relation to the $45,000,000 not
being enough to cover the withdrawal of that
amount of three per cent, certificates, and that
there ought to be $7,000,000 more. He is
mistaken in that, for not all of the three per
cent, certificates are now in these banks. There-
fore, whatever portion is out of the banks that
may be substituted by new national bank notes
need not be accounted for, as he assumes, by
an addition to our bank circulation.
Mr. MORTON. I beg leave to remind the
Senator that the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, who reported the bill, stated that
the three per cents, were all held by the banks
at this time.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is true.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That was not
my understanding. I supposed that several
millions of them were held by private parties.
They have been so held heretofore. It may
be the fact that they are now all held by the
banks.
Mr. MORTON. That was when the quantity
was in excess up to about seventy million
dollars.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A consider-
able portion of them were then so held, and I
suppose some are now. Then it makes the
point plainer still that the main part of this
sum is to come out of the New England and
Now York banks. They will have to cut short
their accommodations to the public tor what-
ever amount they do hold at any rate.
The Senator from Wisconsin says that he
knows the banks of the East can afford to part
with this amount of capital—$13,000,000 in
addition to the So2,000,000—as proposed by
the Senator from Indiana. In effect, his amend-
ment is to enlarge the amount proposed by the
Committee on Finance by §20.000,000. The
Senator from Wisconsin is mistaken if he sup-
poses that the Now England banks or the banks
of the East can afford to part with this amount
so far as the rural districts are concerned.
Money is as scarce in the East as the West.
The State of Vermont has no more banking
circulation, or verylittle more, than it had in
1860; I think there is no greater ability to
accommodate the public. The amount of ex-
cess that haa arisen in consequence of the new
banking law is mainly confined to the large
cities. Formerly the banks in the large cities
were not accustomed to have any circulation;
they did not rely upon their circulation, but
upon deposits, and the banks of the largest
capital on the Atlantic coast now are availing
themselves of all the privileges of circulation
that were formerly enjoyed mainly by country
banks, and are issuing a very large amount of
circulation ; and there is where the great excess
exists at the present moment.
But the Senator from Wisconsin pUtB the
query: Why stop at $45,000,000 or $65,000,-
0001 I will tell the Senator. I am as anxious
as he is for free banking; but I am not for
free banking until we have it placed on a specie
basis. Then there will be no danger about it.
But if we were to allow free banking to go into
operation before it is based upon specie, I
should regard it as postponing the day of specie
resumption indefinitely.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that the
proposition of the Committee on Finance is a
fair and reasonable one. I know it will be a
very great hardship to that section of the
country from which I come; but I think it is
fair, and therefore I shall vote for it. But I
hope that the Senator from Indiana will not
press either of his amendments, or if he does,
I hope they will be voted down. The bill will
certainly answer all the requirements of the
country for a year or two at least, and by that
timo, if we should reach, as wo all hope we
may, speeie payments, there will then be no
objection to tree banking on the part of any-
body that I have heard speak on the subject;
and when free banking comes there will be no
longer any wrangling as to what part of the
country shall have a greater or less amount of
banking facilities.
Now, sir, a word or two in relation to the
latter sections of the bill, which authorize bank-
ing upon a specie basis. _ The Senator from
Indiana says the system will not work; he does
not believe in it at all. So says the Senator from
Massachusetts; and yet the Senator from Ohio
expects that it will work so rapidly as to be
dangerous; that everybody will go into it. I
leave those Senators to fight out the difference
between themselves. It seems to me that one
argument offsets the other.
if these banks go into operation it is to be
expected that bankers will have control of
them, and there will be no more danger of a
bank that pays specie for its notes aiding and
assisting gold operators, of which my friend
from Wisconsin has so much apprehension,
than there is of the banks that issue notes aid-
ing them, for the same facilities can be granted
by one as the other and at no more coat for
that kind of speculations. It is to be observed
that these banks will be conducted upon a
specie basis from the outset. They will take
no securities and no deposits but such as rep-
resent coin; and the Government itself will
probably be relieved from doing a coin bank-
ing business of forty or fifty million dollars,
which they are at present doing without pay
or profit, for the parties who deposit gold now
with the United States would be sure todeposit
with banks where tbey might do business with
greater facility and with greater advantages.
It is known, as was stated by the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, that a very large
amount of business is done in relation to im-
ported goods, especially goods from East India,
on a gold basis. They are nearly always sold
for gold. Coffee is always sold for gold : cham-
pa"ne and various other articles are always
sold in the market for gold, f-see, even by-
papers published in Boston, that many of the
banks there if this bill should pass are propos-
