1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
•western cites that I have named, with a united
Eopulation of one million and twenty thousand,
ave the enormous sum of $ 18,822,000 national
bank circulation altogether, while these four
eastern cities, with a united population of one
million two hundred and twenty-five thousand,
hare $130,940,0001 These great cities in the
West want more than double what they have
now. They can take more than twice the
amount they now have. They can take it with
more ease than they took what they did take
four or five years ago. Why give it to them
grudgingly, I again ask ?
Why ia it that this bill is to be limited to
$45,000,000, and those great centers of com-
merce are to be denied a single dollar? What
is the object of it ? If this purpose is adhered
to the country must settle down upon the cpn-
viction that it is to give to the States and cities,
where they now have it, a continued monopoly
at the expense of others. I do not indulge
that feeling ; I do not want to be forced to do
so ; but I do exhort our friends in the eastern
States to be liberal upon this subject, because
if they do not help their friends in the West
and South to get what they want, I tell you
they will help themselves after awhil#. That
is all there is of it.
Now, Mr. President, a word or two in
answer to the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Turk-
man] and the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis.] I do not feel, as several Senators do,
that I want a redistribution simply for the pur-
pose of making things equal. I do not want
to take anything from New England simply
for that purpose. If we can get as much cur-
rency in the West as we want without taking
a dollar from New England I prefer to do it.
I do not want to disturb them. But the Sen-
ator from Kontucky seems unwilling to take
$45,000,000 by way of taking up the three
per cents, and wants $00,000,000 to be taken
entirely from the Bast. Then what is he going
to do with the $45,000,000 of three per cents. ?
He admits, and so does the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thtomait,] that the §45,000,000
ought to be taken up; that we are paying
interest on currency when we ought not to
do so; but they seem to be unwilling to get
$45,000,000 for the West by taking up the
$45,000,000 of three per cents., and insist
upon redistribution to the actual amount of
$00,000,000. I do not sympathize with that
feeling at all. We ought to have $135,000,000,
and I am perfectly willing to take forty-five or
fifty-two millions of that amount, not by way
of taking it from New England, but by way
of taking up the three per cent, certificates;
and then if we need ^13,000,000 more we
shall ask our friends in the East to give us
from their abundance, and I think they ought
to come forward unite'dly and support this
proposition. •
Mr. President, I want to say a word or two
in regard to this coin-note business. I believe
that that provision is a dangerous one. 1
believe it will be dangerous to allow banks to
be established upon that basis, especially east
of the Rooky mountains, and I believe it upon
tho ground that they will be used for gold-
gambling purposes, and that they cannot be
used in any other way. The Senator trom
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] talks about coin notes
circulating in New York, and he made a state-
ment yesterday that surprised me. Of course
the Senator understands it m that way, out J.
call his attention to it. The statement to which
I refer is that there were more com notes cir-
culating in New York to-day than greenbacks,
and more business done by the use or suon
notes than by greenbacks.
Mr SHERMAN. I repeat the same now.
Mr! MORTON. My friend says he repeats it.
Mr SHERMAN. There is no doubt of it.
Mr. MORTON. Ofcourse the Senator under-
stands it in that way, but I do not. What he
calls coin, notes have no circulation in JNew
Mr.' SHERMAN. Coin certificates.
Mr. MORTON. They have no circulation
there; that is to say, if they have any circula-
tion at all it i„s just that kind of circulation that
gold has. We know that gold has no circula-
tion as a currency; we know it is simply an
article of merchandise. These certificates of
deposit which are issued by the Government
and used in the city of New York are used
simply as the title to so much merchandise,
so much property, and are bought and sold
simply as the representatives of so much gold
on deposit.
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. Cobbett]
said they wore put in the form of bank notes.
That makes no difference. They are made
payable to bearer for convenience ; but they
simply certify that so much gold has been
deposited in the Treasury of the United States,
and the Treasury has got to hold that gold
there, every dollar of it, for the use of the
depositor or whoever presents that certificate.
These certificates are sold upon the gold ex-
change ; they are sold by the brokers just like
the gold itself and in no other character. It is a
misnomer to call it circulation ; it has not one
element of circulation as a currency, but it sim-
ply circulates, so to Speak, more conveniently
than the gold or the gold merchandise would,
and it simply represents it. The Senator from
Minnesota [Mr. Norton] suggests that you
might as well call bills of sale of personal prop-
erty circulation or currency, because theypas3
in just the same way. No, sir; it is a miscon-
ception to call these certificates currency. A
deposits his gold to-day ; he has $1,000,000 in
gold ; he does not know what to do with it; he
goes and hands it over to the Treasury of the
United States and gets a certificate of deposit.
The Treasury can make no use of it, and it
makes none. Tho gold is there simply to be
given back to the depositor. A sells his cer-
tificate to-morrow to an importer, who has to
have the gold with which to pay duties, and he
takes the certificate to the Treasury and draws
out the gold and pays it into the custom-house.
By this time B has got gold, and he goes and
deposits it, and so it goes on from day to day:
one man deposits and draws out, another man
deposits and draws out, and the amount is kept
about the same—about thirty-six million dol-
lars I believe it is now, and has been for sev-
eral months. The Government makes nothing
by it. .
The Senator from Oregon said the Govern-
ment might sell its gold down below the amount
it had certificates out, but then there would be
a run on the Government for- gold. It has
never done so, and it would bo bad faith on
the part of the Government to do so, and the
Government would have a run upon it if it
attempted it, for, as I said the other day, if it
were understood that the gold in the Treasury
had run down $10,000,000 below the certifi-
cates of deposit there would be a run upon the
Government at once, just precisely as there
used to be a run upon the banks under the
Bame circumstances.
Mr. President, the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] yesterday made another statement
to which I desire to call your attention, lo
show that these gold notes cannot go into cir-
culation and would be kept out, having only a
basisof twenty-five per cent, in gold m the vaults
of the bank, he referred to the old system of
banking before the war, when specie-paying
banks could keep their paper afloatif they only
had twenty-five per cent, of specie in their
vaults. Now, is it possible that the Senator
from Ohio will compare a bank established upon
a specie basis in New York now, when there
are $700,000,000 of overshadowing currency
that is depreciated, when gold is at a premium
of twenty per cent., and when the actual gold
must be had to pay duties at the custom-houses
of the United States—will he compare a bank
established under such circumstances to an
old specie-paying bank before the war, when
there was no overshadowing currency of a
depreciated character, when there was no pre-
mium on gold, and when gold was not wanted
except for particular purposes, and was in com-
mon circulation, and people were not bound
to go to the banks to get it? Now the circum-
stances are entirely different; and yet the Sen-
ator's argument, •and that is the strength of it,
is that because banks before the war could float
their paper with twenty-five per cent, of gold
in their vaults banks now can do the same
thing when gold commands a premium of
twenty per cent, and with an overshadowing
currency of depreciated paper amounting to
$700,000,000. It seems to me that we only
have to state this proposition in order that
everybody may understand it.
The suggestion was made to me yesterday,
and made from, a very distinguished source,
that if banks were established on this gold
coin basis in the city of New York they would
be used for but one purpose, and that was in
the nature of clearing-houses for gold-gambling
operations. They could be of no service to
anybody but those engaged in dealing in gold;
and I undertake to say that if this privilege
was availed of in that city it would have the
effect of furthering operations in gold.
As far as the Pacific States are concerned,
it is possible these banks could be sustained
there, but they could not live an hour in New
York, unless it was understood that they bad
a dollar of gold in their vaults for every dollar
of paper tlicy had out. If they were other-
wise situated there would be a ruu upon the
banks, there would be an actual demand for
the gold. The Senator from Ohio said yester-
day that the people would have confidence in
the strength of these banks and would not draw
the gold out. What will confidence do in the
presence of a premium on gold of twenty per
cent.? Confidence is a very good thing; it
will accomplish much; but confidence will
not stand in the face of a premium of twenty
per cent, on gold. If a man has these gold
notes, and there is a demand for gold, and he
can sell it at a premium of twenty or twenty-
five per cent., he will at once take the notes to
the bank and draw the gold. It is not worth
while to talk about confidence in the banks
when there is an actual demand for gold, and
that demand must be supplied, and people
will get the gold wherever they can get it on
the easiest and best terms.
It is admitted that the certificates of deposit
of the Government cannot bo kept out unless
the Government keeps dollar for dollar in its
vaults. So these gold coin notes cannot be kept
afloat a day except on the condition that the
banks have the gold to redeem every one of
them. And if a panic takes place and gold
goes up to one hundred and twenty-five or one
hundred and thirty per cent., then there is a
run on the bank and the bank officers must go
out and buy the gold at a heavy premium for
the purpose of redeeming its own notes.
In regard to the Pacific States, their course
financially has not been friendly to the credit of
the United States. That is well understood.
They have uniformly rejected our currency.
They have adhered to a gold and silver currency
on the Pacific coast. There is just as much
trouble in getting money to do business on the
Pacific coast as there is in getting money to do
business in Europe. You have got to sell the
one and buy the other. I have heard very
intelligent gentlemen from that coast say that
the greatest blunder they ever made was in
refusing to acceptourourrency; that emigrants
and travelers have been deterred constantly
from going there by the apprehension that their
money was not good there, and they did not
know how much of a sacrifice they would have
to make. This has been a source of constant
inconvenience, trouble, and loss; aim the fact
that our money has not been current iti a part
of our own country has acted as a weight upon
the credit and value of that money.
Now, sir, if by authorizing them to establish
banks on this basis we are to encourage them
to continue to refuse to receive the ordinary
