1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
817
Mr. MORTON. Certainly not. Nobody
ever expected that. That is not the point at
all. In this part of the Union the currency has
been accepted as the basis of business. In the
other part it has not been, and has therefore
been excluded, and there is very little of our
currency there. Of course that keeps it out.
Here gold is at a premium; there gold is at
par and the paper is discounted. Here tlie
paper is at a par and gold at a premium ; and
that makes the difference.
I am advisedby the Secretary of the Treasury
in his report that our currency will go to the
Pacific States unless we legislate to prevent it.
He gives his opinion that it will go there and
that it will take §30,000,000 to supply the
wants of the Pacific States. I believe he is
right. I do not believe it will be in the power
of the banks of California, now that communi-
cation is so rapid and so frequent, to keep out
the currency from this side. I think it will
make a drain on this side ; but it is possible,
if we furnish them with a system of banks to
aid them in the policy that has been already
adopted, they may succeed after this in keep-
ing out our currency, although the Secretary of
the Treasury is of a different opinion.
Mr. President, I want to refer very briefly to
the amendment suggested by the Senator from
Massachusetts, and to call his attention to some
objections that I think exist against his amend-
ment, to which I should like to have his answer.
He proposes to retire $200,000,000 of green-
backs and issue $200,000,000 of national bank
notes in their stead. What is to be the effect
of that ? It produces an increase of the interest-
bearing debt to the amount of $200,000,000.
Greenbacks, now drawing no interest, are to
be converted into four per cent, bonds accord-
ing to the terms of his bill, which would add
$8,000,000 per annum to the interest burden
now borne by the Government. That is one
objection, that it will add $8,000,000 annually
to the interest to be paid by the Government.
But it will do more than that.
The Senator says he is in favor of retiring
the three per cents. So are we all; but if he
does not retire them by putting in their stead
national bank paper he is to fund them. He
said yesterday that he was in favor of funding
the three per cents. That will increase the
interest of $45,000,000 from three per cent, to
four per cent, or five per cent., according to
the character of his new bonds.
Then the Senator would increase the national
bank circulation from $300,000,000 to $500,-
000,000, and he would reduce the legal-tender
circulation from $350,000,000 to $156,000,000.
What is the effect of that ? Why, sir, that you
have $500,000,000 of national bank currency to
be redeemed, mark you, by $150,000,000 of
greenbacks. This is obviously impossible.
You cannot put two quarts into a pint; nor can
you redeem, as required by law, $500,000,000
of national bank currency with $156,000,000 of
legal tenders. That is a fatal objection to the
system. He must reorganize these national
banks before that is adopted. If it were under-
stood bythe country that there werebut $156,-
000,000 of legal-tender notes to redeem $500,-
.000,000 of national bank currency it would
become as profitable to corner the legal-tender
notes as it is profitable now to corner the banks,
as it was ever profitable to corner gold at any
time when the banks paid specie and it was
deemed desirable to make a run on them and
make them pay a premium on gold.
No, sir; while the national bank notes are
to be redeemed of legal-tender notes the rela-
tive amounts ought to be kept about the same.
Whenever you bring the currency which is to
be. the medium of redemption down to about
one fourth of the currency to be redeemed,
then you will have the same trouble that you
would have if you had $500,000,000 of cur"
rency to be redeemed in gold and the whole
people know that there was but $150,000,000
of gold in the country.
But, sir, that would not be the worst ot it.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 52.
If you have $500,000,000 of national bank cur-
rency out it will take $75,000,000 of legal
tenders to make the fifteen per cent, reserve
that has to be kept in the vaults of the banks,
and that would leave just $81,000,000 of legal
tender notes for the circulation in which the
debts of the country are to be paid. Why,
sir, the gamblers in New York could corner
$81,000,000 of legal tender notes just as easily
as they corner gold, and they could make the
same profits out of doing it. They could com-
pel the national banks to buy their legal ten-
ders at an enormous premium, or break them.
It seems to me that this would be a fatal
objection to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts. Then the Sen- .
ator made another remark. He said that his
policy of withdrawing legal tenders was for the
purpose of approaching specie payments, and
that specie payments were to be brought about
by tlie retirement of the legal-tender notes. I
have heard that said a great many times, but
I confess I never saw the philosophy of it.
Sir, if you could speak the legal-tender notes
out of existence to-morrow, or if you could
fund them all within a few days or months, I
ask if that would give one cent of additional
value to the national bank currency, supposing
you had an equal amount of that currency now
to the combined amount of legal tenders and
national bank notes at present? No, sir, by
retiring the legal tenders you do not bring up
your other currency to par; you give no addi-
tional value to the national bank notes. If
you could retire them all to-morrow how could
you make your national bank notes worth one
cent more than they are now ? The national
bank notes now would be far below the value
of the legal-tender notes if it was not for one
thing, and that is that they are to be redeemed
in legal-tender notes. Therefore itis that they
are kept up to the same value; but you strike
out of the national banking act the redemption
clause and you will find that your national
bank notes will go down at once below legal-
tender notes, and the latter will be at a pre-
mium. What has kept the two currencies
together was the fact that the one was redeem-
able in the other.
Now, what will be the effect if you retire all
your legal tenders? Will you thereby bring
your national bank notes nearer to par? No,
sir, they will be further from it; but I will
tell you one change that will take place. When
your legal tender notes are all retired then
gold becomes par. Gold is now at a premium
and your legal-tender notes are the par, but
when they are all gone then gold becomes the
par and your national bank notes are at a dis-
count. You say now that your national bank
notes are at par. So they are ; and you say
that gold is at a premium of twenty per cent,
as compared with them; but strike out the
legal tenders and gold becomes the par and
your national bank notes are worth seventy
or seventy-five or eighty cents on the dollar,
just as the case may be, and that is all you
have accomplished by it. So far from the
retiring of greenbacks being the means of
bringing about specie payments, I have always
looked upon it the other way: that the green-
backs were to be the instrument by which
specie payments were to be brought about.
That was my opinion a year ago; and it is
my opinion now that when the Governmont
brings its greenbacks up to par by any process,
by fixing a future time to redeem them, or in
some other way that may be devised, the whole
body of the currency will be at par along with
the greenbacks, because the rest of the cur-
rency is redeemable in greenbacks ; and when
you have brought the whole body of the cur-
rency to par, then if the Government pays out
$100,000,000 in the redemption of greenbacks
that $100,000,000 does not go into the gold
market in New York; it does not sink back
into merchandise, but it goes into circulation
and takes the place of the $100,000,000 of notes
that have been redeemed and canceled. We
ought never to pay out gold in redemption of
our notes until the whole body of them has been
brought to par. Then the gold that we' pay
out, instead of going back into the gold' market
to be bought and sold like merchandise, takes
its place in the circulation just as it was before
the war and supplies the place of the paper
that lias been redeemed and retired. But I
would like to ask the Senator from Massachu-
setts if the faith of this Government is not to
some extent pledged upon the subject of redeem-
ing the greenbacks 1' Last spring we passed an
act called "An act to strengthen the 'public
credit." I thought then and'I think now it
was a misnomer, but a majority of the Senate
differed from me on that question, and I wish
now to read the concluding provision of that
act:
" And the United States also solemnly pledges its
faith to rnako provision at the oarliest practicable
period for tho redemption of the United States notes
in coin."
Did that mean anything or did it not? Some
Senator, I do not know who, answers "no."
Perhaps it does not.
Mr. SUMNER. I answer yes.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts answers yes. If it does mean any-
thing it pledges him to make provision at the
earliest practical period to do what? To re-
tire the greenbacks by funding them and issu-
ing national bank notes in their place ? No,
sir; but "for the redemption of the United
States notes in coin." That is a part of the
act that pledged the faith of this Government
to pay the bonds in gold, and if the first pledge
is worth anything the second pledge ought to
be worth just as much. I know how that pro-
vision came to be placed there. I believe that
the act could not have been passed without its
being placed there, and that it was intended
to pledge the faith of this Government to' do
just what it says—not to substitute some other
paper currency for the greenbacks, but "for the
adoption of practicable measures by which the
Government should at some time be able to
redeem these notes in coin.
Now, sir, if you drive out the greenbacks
what have you got? You may drive out
$350,000,000 of greenbacks, as the Senator
from Wisconsin desires to do ; you may put
out $356,000,000 of bank paper, and what has
been accomplished? Is your bank paper at
par? No, sir. The medium in which it was
redeemable is gone, and it is not worth any
more than it was worth before; it is not worth
as much; it will be much further below the
value of gold than it is to-day. Therefore, so
far from approaching specie payments by driv-
ing out the legal-tender notes, I regard^ them
as being the happiest instrument for bringing
about a resumption of specie payments-; and
here is the faith of the Government pledged
by this act that it will not dodge this question ;
that it will not seek to fund these notes; that,
it will not seek to retire them in behalf of
some other paper currency worth less than
they arc, but that at the earliest practicable
moment it will provide for the redemption of
them in coin.
Then, Mr. President, it seems to me that by
the adoption of the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts—and I know he has be-
stowed very much attention on it—the object
he has in view and the final object of return-
ing to specie payments would be postponed
rather than hastened by making this exchange.
Mr. President, I believe now that a national
bank or a greenback dollar is estimated'tp be
worth about eighty-three cents in coift. We
have about seven hundred millions' of those
notes in round numbers. That would make
the entire volume of our currency now worth
$581,000,000 in gold. ;Now, sir, if you can
take any steps by which you can add the
value of $119,000,000 in addition to this large
volume of currency you have got the whole
volume of currency at par; and will that pro-
duce a depreciation in prices^ as was argued by
: the Senator from Ohio a year ago ? He said
