818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
that by returning to specie payments we dragged
down prices and brought ruin and desolation
on the country. No, sir; but it would have
this effect: that the nominal price would
become the real price ; the whole volume of
your currency would then be equal to gold, and
_ the nominal price commanded in depreciated
paper would become the real price of an article.
There has been very much misconception on
this point, and the people have been alarmed
in regard to a return to specie payments by
the argument that if you do it you will so drag
down the price of everything as to bring ruin
upon the country. I never believed in it.
There may be a fair theoretical argument for
it, but in practice it does not hold out and it
never did hold out. No one can read the
history of the financial crisis in England from
1811 to 1823 accurately without becoming satis-
fied that this notion is unfounded. The depres-
sion in prices cannot be and never was traced
successfully to the return to specie payments
or to making the currency good. No, sir;
making the currency good in the pockets of
the people) when you do not diminish the
amount of it, never hurt anybody ; but when
specie payments are brought about by a i educ-
tion in the volume of the currency, as they
were in England at one time, accompanied by
large contraction, a contraction of nearly one
half the entire volume of the paper money, the
contraction brought about a decline in prices
and brought about commercial panic and dis-
aster. But it was not making the currency
good that did that.
I can refer you to two or three facts which
are fresh in our recollection. On the 1st day
of February, 18C5, the price of gold in the city
of New York was about 230. By the 1st of
May it had declined to 129. There was a
decline in the price of gold of 101 cents in three
or four months. There was a decline in the
prices of some things that were furnished to
the Army, the war having ended ; but the gen-
eral decline in prices and the ruin and disaster
to be brought about by a great fall iu the pre-
mium on gold was entirely wanting. This
obstinate fact confronted the theory that has
been so successfully urged upon the country.
And now, since the 1st day of October last,
there has been a decline in gold from 132 to
J 20; a decline of twelve 'per cent, more than
one third of the whole way. Has there been
a corresponding decline in prices ? Have there
been failures, and ruins, and bankruptcy, as
predicted ? No, sir; there has been a decline
in wheat, flour, and some kinds of breadstufi's,
growing out of the great crop we have had, the
abundance we have had; but the great decline
which was to be brought about by the reduc-
tion in the price of gold has not been experi-
enced, although it went down in four months
more than one third of the whole way.
And, sir, I undertake to say that by a proper
course we can bring down gold to par in two
years and there will be no depression, there
will be no suffering on the part of the people
in consequence of it, though there may be from
other causes. There are plenty of other causes
that bring about these things when gold com-
mands no premium; but all history, and I
claim especially that English financial history
after the close of the French revolution and
its financial history during the time of Charles,
when the coin of England was called in and
restamped, proves that so far as the restora-
tion of the value of the currency is concerned
there is but little trouble experienced from it,
but what has been ascribed to that has been
uniformly the result of contraction ; and this
can be shown. This, perhaps, is foreign to the
subject under discussion, but I refer to it be-
cause the Senator from Massachusetts in his
argumentyesterday brought forward his amend-
ment asoneof themeansof returningto specie
payments.
Now, Mr. President, the matter stands just
thus: this bill proposes to give $45,000,000
of national banking currency for $45,000,000
of three per cent, certificates. The three per
cent, certificates now stand in the place of cur-
rency absolutely, but they are not required to
be supported by any reserve. The national
bank notes to be issued in their stead will
require a reserve of fifteen per cent., and will
thus require nearly seven million dollars of
legal tenders to be taken from circulation
and locked up in the vaults of the banks.
Therefore this measure as it stands now is a
measure of contraction absolutely to the amount
of $0,750,000. We are surely not in favor of
contraction—certainly I am not—though we
may not be in favor of expansion. The groat
body of the people would rather go for expan-
sion than contraction. Throughout the entire
Northwest there is a strong feeling in favor of
expanding the currency. For myself, I do
not think it would be wise to do so; I am not
in favor of it; but I am equally hostile to con-
traction ; and yet this bill as it stands now pro-
vides absolutely for the contraction of the
volume of the currency by the amount of
§6,750,000. To obviate that, I propose to
strike out $45,000,000 and insert $52,000,000
in the first section. That will practically give
$45,000,000 of national bank notes in circula-
tion, and meet the withdrawal of §45,000,000 in
t,heformof legal-tender notes. But $52,000,000
are not enough for the demands of the West
and the South.
The Senator from Massachusetts concedes
that $52,000,000 are not enough for the West
and South. The chairman of the committee
says that $45,000,000 will do for a year or two,
and then we can get another bill through. I
do not propose to take the risk of that. 1 think
$05,000,000 will answer our purpose. There-
fore in addition to the $52,000,000 to be pro-
vided for by the first sectiou as amended as I
propose, 1 suggest that we take $13,000,000
from the States having the largest excess and
give it to the West and South, not however to
be taken until after the $52,000,000 have been
called for. If the $52,000,000 are not called
for we shall not take the $13,000,000 from the
East; but if the $52,000,000 are called for, and
more is wanted, then it is right, morally, fairly,
and generously, that the East should give us
$13,000,000, and I hope that there will be lib-
eral and prompt action on the part of the
eastern Senators in that direction. It will
create a better feeling and remove to a great
extent the conviction entertained by many that
there is much selfishness in maintaining the
present orderof things. I entertain no feeing
of that kind toward the people of Ni
land. As 1 have had occasion to say before,
I have been all my life an admirer of the peo-
ple of New England. 1 recognize how much
they have done for this country in every respect,
especially in shaping the free character of our
institutions.
But, sir, this is a matter of business. All we
want is fair play. We do not ask all wo are
entitled to because, bear in mind, that when we
get the $05,000,000 proposed by my amend-
ment and add that to the $58,000,000 we
have got now, we shall still have $65,000,000
less than we are entitled to out of the first
$150,000,000 provided for in the original act;
we shall still not have what we were entitled
to out of the first $150,000,000, which is now
the law of the land. We are not asking all
we are entitled to. We are only asking just
so much as we think we shall need; not desir-
ing to disturb anybody. We will not take the
$13,000,000 from the East if we can help it;
but if our necessities demand it they ought
to yield it generously and frankly because as
between us and them they have got more than
tlisip share.
Mr. PATTERSON". Mr. President, I do
not propose to enter into this discussion, but I
wish to say that I have never been so impressed
with the importance of New England as I have
been during the present session of Congress.
There has not been an unwholesome piece of
legislation brought up or anything unpleasant
in the past that New England has not been
made the scapegoat to bear all the sins of this
legislation. The closing compliment of the
Senator from Indiana to New England re-
minded me of the praise which the pugilist
bestows on his victim after lie has pommeled
the life out of him. He has profound admira-
tion for New England; but New England is
made accountable for the stringency of the
money market at the West and at the South.
Well, now, what are the facts?
I came into Congress in 1863. In the first
banking act it was provided that $150,000,000
of the banking capital was to ba distributed
according to population, and $150,000,000 ac-
cording to the business, capital, and resources
of the various States. In the next law, that
provision was left out, but in the act of 18G5 it
was renewed, and why? It was renewed be-
cause the Government found itself in want of
money. Congress did not think it best to issue
more greenbacks or legal tenders, for by so
doing they were depreciating the national cur-
rency and interrupting all the business of the
country, and it was necessary that that busi-
ness should continue in order to enable us to
carry on the war. What then ? The Govern-
mentmust have money; the money was in New
England, and some provision must be made by
which the money of New England could be
secured to the Government in order to carry
on the war ; and so the State banks were taxed
ten per ccnt. on their circulation. Why ? In
order'to make the capital in the State banks
unproductive and force the bankers to transfer
that capital to the national banks.
Mr. MORTON. Will my friend allow me
one word ?
Mr. PATTERSON. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The same argument was
made yesterday. I want to say that there was
another reason for that, and a much better one;
and that was that while the circulation of the
State banks remained in the several States
there was not room for the acceptance of the
circulation of the national banks and that
offered by the Government. One being inferior
to the other would drive the other out; and the
State bank circulation would have the effect
of driving out the notes of the national banks
just as the legal tenders had driven out gold ;
and therefore it was necessary to drive out the
circulation of the State banks to give room for
the circulation of the national banks and of
the Government of the United States.
Mr. PATTERSON. That is true ; and it is
only an argument in favor of the very position
which I was taking. The State banks being
superior to the national banks, and paying a
better profit than our capitalists could hope to
secure from the national banks, it was neces-
sary to lay a tax of ten per cent, on all State
banks in order to crowd them out of existence
and force the capitalists of New England to
take national bank stock in order to provide
the Government with the money with which
to carry on the war. We simply did our duty,
and that under compulsion ; and if the West
has not its quota and tho South has not its
quota" of this national bank stock it is not our
fault. Why did they not take it when they had
the option ?
^Gentlemen seem to think that $45,000,000
of bank stock now issued and taken up iu the
South and West will relieve the money market
and give us a free, easy money market instead
of a stringent one. I apprehend that that idea
rests upon a false basis. Why , sir, all the green-
backs and the bank circulation of the country
put together are only the smallest fraction of
the real circulation of this country. More than
eight tenths of the exchanges of the country
are carried on by checks and bills of exchange,
and your money of every description is only
used for the balances of trade. Though New
England has got the lion's share New Eng-
land feels the stringency of the money market
as much as Chicago and Cincinnati and Charles-
ton ; and why is it ? It is very obvious why it
