822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
prepared on the contested-election case of
Simpson vs. Wallace, from the fourth district
of South Carolina. [See Appendix.]
MRS. MARY LINTON.
Mr. TWICHELL asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the Committee of Claims
papers relating to the case of Mrs. Mary Linton,
copies to be left.
INDEMNITY i'UNDS FROM OIIINA AND JAPAN.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. It. No. 979) authorizing
certain indemnity funds received from the Gov-
ernments of China and Japan to be covered
into the Treasury of tlio United States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
TII03IAS M. JONES.
Mr. TILLMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. it. No. 980) for the removal
of the legal and political disabilities of Thomas
M. Jones, a citizen of Giles county, Tennessee;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred, witb the accompanying papers, to the
Committee on Reconstruction.
STEAMSHIP LINKS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
981) to establish steamship lines; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
select Committee on the Causes of the Reduc-
tion of American Tonnage, and ordered to be
printed.
CHESAPEAKE, ETC., CANAL COMPANY.
Mr. McGREW, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 982) to amend an
act entitled "An act to authorize the Chesa-
peake Bay and Potomac River Tide-Water
Canal Company to enter the District of Colum-
bia," passed July 1, 18GG; which was read a
lirst and second lime, referred to the Commit-
tee on Railways and Canals, and ordered to be
printed.
IIAUBOU-MASTEUS' FEES, ETC., AT NEW YORK.
Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this House, as soon as practicable,
why lie allows the harbor-master fees, health-officer
fees, and Stato hospital fees to be collected in the
custom-house at tho port of New York when a decis-
ion has been made by the Supreme Court of tlio Uni-
ted States that said fees are illegal.
NAVIGATION OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be directed
to send to the House the report of General G. K.
Warren relative to the preservation and improve-
ment of the Mississippi at and near the Falls of St.
Anthony.
POSTAL COMMUNICATION WITH SWEDEN.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, also, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads :
Resolved, That the Postmaster General bo re-
quested to ascertain whether an arrangement can be
made, in accordance with thepublie interests, with
the kingdom of Sweden for the reduction of rates
of postage between the United States and that
nation, and to report the result of such investigation
to this House.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN JEFFERSON CITY.
Mr. BURDETT, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
llesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
requested to take into consideration the ercction of
a suitable building in J eflerson City, Missouri, for
the accommodation of the United States courts,
post office, internal revenue, and other Government
offices located in that city, and to report to this House
his views in regard thereto, together with an esti-
mate of tho cost of the building.
MECHANICS*' LIENS TN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. STONE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. 11. No. 983) to amend an act
entitled "An act to enforce mechanics' liens
on buildings in the District of Columbia
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
back House bill No. 58, to prevent the further
sale of the public lands of the United States,
except as provided in the preemption and
homestead laws and tlie laws for disposing of
town sites and mineral lands, and asked that
its consideration be postponed for two weeks
from to-day.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to its being
made a special order.
Mr. JULIAN. I do not ask that it be made
a special order, but merely that its consider-
ation be postponed for two weeks.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
LIQUIDATION OS' NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. GILFILLAN, by usanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. li. No. 984) requiring
national banks going into liquidation to de-
posit lawful money in place of their circulat-
ing notes and to take up their bonds ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
RAILROAD FROM WASHINGTON TO THE LAKES.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Railways and Canals,
reported back House bill No. 163, to authorize
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the city of Washington, District of
Columbia, to the city of Cleveland, in tho State
of Ohio, and the town of Erie, Pennsylvania,
by the nearest direct route; which was ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
ABSTRACTION OP STAMPS.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous cousent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed
to communicato to this House any information that
ho may have in relation to tho abstraction of stamps
from the post office at Havre do Graoe, Maryland,
on or about the 21st day of June, 1869.
ADMISSION OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. DAVIS. I now ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill (H. It. No. 985) to
amend an act entitled " An act to admit the
Stato of Virginia to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States," so that it may be
considered and passed at this time.
There was no objection, and the bill was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that wherever the word '• oath" is used
in the act entitled "An act to admit the State
of Virginia to representation in the Congress
of the United States" it shall bo construed to
include an affirmation, and that every person
required by said act to take either of the oaths
therein prescribed who has Religious or consci-
entious scruples against taking an oath may
make and file an affirmation to the same pur-
port and effect, provided that all pains and
penalties of perjury prescribed by said act
shall apply also to any false affirmation taken
thereunder.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly road the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to rcconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MEXICAN PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported back
House bill No. 740, relative to private laud
claims under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
with a written report; which were ordered to
be printed and recommitted.
POSTAL TELEGRAPH.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Wis-
consin, the bill introduced by him several days
ago in reference to a postal telegraph was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to reconsider the
votes heretofore taken ; and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MEMBERS-ELECT JFUOM "VIRGINIA.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I submit a report of tho Committee of
Elections on the cases of the claimants from
Virginia to seats in this House. The House
referred the credentials of those gentleman to
that committee.
There were eight certificates of electiOQ? show-
iiig that eight Representatives had been elected
in single districts of that State. There is a
ninth certificate in favor of a Representative
alleged to have been chosen by the State-at-
large.
In obedience to the order of the committee,
I move that the following-named gentlemen,
claiming to represent single districts, be now
sworn in, namely: Richard S. Ayer, from tho
first congressional district in that State; James
H. Piatt, jr., from the second congressional dis-
trict; Charles H. Porter, from the third con-
gressional district; Robert Ridgway, from the
fifth congressional district; William Milnes,
jr., from the sixth congressional district; and
James K. Gibson, from the eighth congres-
sional district.
I am further instructed to report that we
have examined the credentials of George W.
Booker, claiming to represent the fourth con-
gressional district, and Lewis MeKenzie, claim-
ing to represent the seventh congressional dis-
trict of Virginia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the gentlemen to whom there is no objec-
tion had better be sworn in first. Will the
chairman of the Committee of Elections send
to the Chair the certificates of the gentlemen
whose rights to seats are unquestioned ?
Mr. WOOD. I beg to inquire of the Chair
whether, if the motion of the chairman of the
Committee of Elections be adopted, it will
exclude the right to object to the swearing in
of any of the gentlemen reported ?
The SPEAKER. If an objection is roado
to any one gentleman he will not be sworn
until his right to a seat is determined. But the
objection to one will not exclude the right to
be sworn of those to whom no objection is
made.
Mr. WOOD. I will object to Mr. Porter
being sworn at this time.
Tho SPEAKER. It is the right of the gen-
tleman from New York to make that objection.
Mr. PAINE. I understood the practice to
be that when credentials were presented, and
before they had been referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections, an objection on the part of
one member might prevent a member being
sworn in, but not after the credentials, as in
this case, had been referred, examined, and
reported upon.
The SPEAKER. After the committee have
reported on a case the question whether the
gentleman shall take the seat is one to be
determined by the majority of the House; but
of course the report of the committee will have
its due weight. The Clerk will report the
names of the gentlemen whom the committee
recommend to be sworn in.
The Clerk reported the following names :
Richard S. Ayer, James H. Piatt, jr., Robert
Ridgway, William Milnes, jr., James K. Gib-
son, Charles H. Porter.
Mr. WOOD. I object to Mr. Porter.
Messrs. Plait, Ridoway, and Milkes ap-
peared and qualified by taking the oath pre-
scribed in the act of July 2, 1862.
Mr. .PAINE. Before making a motion in
