1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
the ease of Mr. Porter I wish to conclude the
report I liave to make. In connection with
the leport ap to the fourth and seventh con-
gressional districts, I aj?k leave to read the
following resolution, adopted by the House oti
the 22d of March, 1889:
" Jlcsolved, That in all contested-election eases re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections in which it shall
be alleged by a party to the case or a member of the
House that either claimant is unable to take the
oath proscribed in the ant approved July 2, 1862,
entitled "An act to prescribe an oath of offiee, and
for other purposes," it shall be the duly of the com-
mittee to ascertain whether such disability exists;
and if such disability shall be found to exist the
committee shall so report to the House, and shall
not further consider the claim of the person so dis-
qualified without the further order of the House;
and no compensation will be allowed by the House
to any claimant who shall have been ineligible to
the officc of Representative to Congress at the time
of the election and whose disability shall not have
been removed by act of Congress."
Now, in the two cases from the fourth and
seventh districts of Virginia there are contests,
and in each case the contestant alleges in his
notice of contest that his opponent who has
the certificate, having performed certain acts
before the rebellion and during the rebellion,
is ineligible to the office of Representative iu
Congress and cannot take the test-oath of July
2, 1862. We therefore report to the House
that until we have completed the examination
we shall be unable to inform the House whether
in our opinion these gentlemen can or cannot
take that oath. Testimony has already been
taken, but it is not yet in print, and the com-
mittee have not been able to decide the eases.
In regard to the ninth certificate, I have this
to say: it purports to show that Joseph Segar
was duly elected by the State-at-large as a
Representative in the Congress of the United
States. It will be remembered by the House
lhatonthe 14th of July, 1862, anactwas passed
■which required all Representatives in Con-
gress to be elected from, single districts with
two exceptions. Those were the cases of the
State of California, and of the additional Rep-
resentative of the State of Illinois, to which an
additional Representative had by previous act
beengiven. Virginiaisnotnamedasoneofthe
States entitled to elect a Representative on a
general ticket. But under the apportionment
made on the basis of the census of 18G0, by
Caleb B. Smith, Secretary of the Interior, in
pursuance of the law of 1850, which was a gen-
eral law relating to the subjcct, to the State of
Virginia were apportioned eleven Representa-
tives.
Mr. BURR. Will the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections permit a suggestion from
me ?
Mr. PAINE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BURR. I desire to suggest to the chair-
man of the committee, inasmuch as I under-
stand that the point upon which this claim to a
seat as Representative-at-large rests has not
been passed upon or decided by the committee,
but is still pending, that ho withhold his views
of the law upon that point until the committee
shall have passed upon it.
Mr. PAINE. I was about to read the law
to the House and state the precise question
which is before the committee, and to remark
that the question was not yet decided; but of
course I am not disposed to do it it there is
any objection on the part either of my col-
league on the committee or any other member
of the House. I will therefore say, in com-
pliance with his suggestion, that the case of the
gentleman claiming to represent the State at
large is withheld by the committee for iurther
consideration. , .
I now move that Mr. Porter, claiming to
represent the third district of the State of Vir-
ginia, be sworn in. .
Mr. WOOD. On that motion I desire to
say one or two words, and to offer for the con-
sideration of the House my reasons for making
the objection in the first instance.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] yield to the gentlemau
from New York 1
Mr. PAINB. I am willing to yield to him
for a very short time.
Mr. WOOD. 1 only desire to stale to the
House the^ reasons why I have objected to Mr.
Porter being sworn in. [ suppose that the
gentleman from Wisconsin will of course not
object to that.
Mr. PA1NE. I have no objection, of course;
but I hope the gentleman will not unnecessarily
consume the time of the House.
Mr. WOOD. I shall occupy a very short
while. Of course, Mr. Speaker, it is exceed-
ingly unpleasant for a member of this House
to object to the swearing in of any person pre-
senting himself with prima facia evidence of
election, especially when he comes from a State
that lias been ro long denied representation
uponthisfloor. But I have felt compelled from
a sense of duty to make an objection to Mr.
Porter, and I desire now to present to the
House very briefly the grounds upon which I
predicate that objection. They arc all stated
in a memorial which I hold in my band, signed,
as I believe, by respectable persons in Virginia,
who state certain reasons which if true show,
in my judgment, that this gentleman is entirely
unfit to occupy a seat upon this floor. If we
were right heretofore in objecting to the admis-
sion of gentlemen to seats here in consequence
of an implied hostility to the Union, then there
are very grave reasons for objection to this
gentleman growing out of his hostility to the
Union. It appears that Mr. Porter was court-
martialed under certain specifications now
on file in the War Department, in which it is
alleged that ho said—I now read from a copy
of the official document on file in the War
Department;
" 'This Governmcntis alia G—dd—d humbug from
beginning to end, and if you could have seen what
I did m Washington you would say bo. Abraham
Lincoln is doing anything hocan for his election. If
Abraham Lincoln allows the military authorities to
go on as it is here I would rather livo under Jeff.
Diu'ii':! government than this.'
" This in the city of Norfolk on or about tho 22d
day of July, 1S61, in tho public drinking saloon of
John Miihvard, on Main stroct, in Norfolk."
1 read fuitherfrom the charges and specific-
ations ;
"Specification eccond. In this, that the said Charles
If. Porter, being a counselor at law and pretending
to hold tho ofliee of Commonwealth's attorney for
the tStato of Virginia, in tho city of Norfolk, having
heretofore been an enlisted man in tho service of tho
United States, and having been discharged from that
service for t be purpose ot taking said otlico of Com-
monwealths attorney, and being bound by his duty
as a loyal citizen of tho United States, as in gratitudo
to the Governinentof tho United Statesior discharg-
ing him from service for tho purpose of taking said
office and receiving its emoluments, did give aid and
comfort to the enemies of the United States byutter-
ing"in aloud voice, in thoh caring of divers good citi-
zens and some rebel sympathizers in the eity of Nor-
iolk. seditious, treasonable, and scandalous words,
as follows:
'"This Government is all a 0—d d—d humbug
from beginning to end, and if you could have seen
what 1 did in Washington you would say so. I mean
what! say. I have been there and scon it all. Abra-
ham Lincoln is doing any thing he can for his election.
If Abraham Lincoln allows tho military authorities
to go on as it is here 1 would rather live under JoSf.
Davis's government than this/ And upon being rep-
rimanded and cautioned by some one present, and
upon being asked then by ono of the party present:
' j)o you mean to say that you would rather livo
under Jotf. Davis's government than under the one
you are now living under?'he answered; 'Yes, by
G—d,Istandherein thecityot Norfolkandproclaim
boldly and above board that the United States Gov-
ernmcntis a bogus, rotten, and corrupt Government
from beginning to end.' This on or about the  th
day ot July, at tho saloon of ono Johnson, on Main
street, Norfolk, Virginia, said saloon boms kuown
and styled 'The Office.'"
In addition the record shows that Mr. Porter
'' used contemptuousanddisrespectfullanguagc
toward the President of the United States and
against the Congress of the United States."
Now, Mr. Speaker, upon those charges and
specifications Mr. Porter was tried and found
guilty and sentenced to be confined for a term
of six months in a public jail, which finding
and sentence were approved by Major General
Benjamin F. Butleb. I will not detam tho
House by reading other charges which, in my
judgment, are equally offensive to the Govern-
ment and to Congress. It is sufficient to say
that I predicate my objection solely upon the
fact that he did use this language, that he was
court-martialed for it, tried, convicted, and
sentenced, and that that sentence was con-
firmed by Major General Benjamin P. Butler,
now a distinguished member of this House.
Upon these grounds and for these reasons I
object to Mr. Porter being sworn inand becom-
ing a member of this House until these things
shall have been ventilated and examined by
tho Committee of Elections, and I will move
that the credentials of Mr. Porter be recom-
mitted to the Committee of Elections with in-
structions to investigate the charges here made.
Mr. PAINE. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. I send to the Clerk's desk to be read a
short extract from a newspaper, and I shall
then demand the previous question. But before
the Clerk reads the extract I wish to say to the
House that even if all this were true as charged,
however discreditable it may be, it really can
be no valid reason why the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Woo ] should vote against
the admission of Mr. Porter. I now ask the
Clerk to read the extract.
Mr. ROOTS. It seems to me that gentle-
men on the other side of tho House are fre-
quently raising such objections as this in regard
to others. I think if the precedent should be
established it would rule some of them out.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the Clerk to read the
paper 1 send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Tho telegram of General Butler is addressed to
Colonol II. S. Merrill, who was formerly quarter-
master on General Bdtlkb'S staff:
Richmond, Virginia, May 12,18C8.
Slit: In reply to the publication of "charges and
specifications" in yourpaperof this morning against
Mr. Portor, 1 ask that you will publish the following
tolegram roccived by mo from General Butlee in
relation to tue cuarges wmcn nave irequont
roferrod to by tho Conservative press of Virs
H. 8. MBBI
To the Editor of the Enquirer and Examiner,
Washington, D. C., May 5,1868.
To II. S. Merrill, Spotswood Hotel:
Charles H. Porter in a heated discussion used
words which, being reported to me, X was obliged to
notice. I however remitted all tho onerous por-
tion of tho judgment of the commission, because tho
easo and his previous acts showed that Porter had
not in fact been disloyal. So much is justly duo to
Mr. Porter.
BENJAMIN F. BUTLEIt.
Mr. PAINE. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will my colleague [Mr.
Paine] yield for an inquiry? _
Mr. PAINE. For an inquiry, yes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would ask my colleague
if this gentleman, Mr. Porter, has ever taken
back the statements which it is alleged in the
charges referred to by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] he made?
Mr. PAINE. I do not know. I have never
conversed with Mr. Porter or with General
Butler on this subject.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] allow me to make an
inquiry?
Mr. PAINE. Yes.
Mr. SARGENT. I would ask the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] if he is pre-
pared to state at this time that any person
should be excluded from a seat in this House
who lias used any such language as he has just
read?
Mr. WOOD. I have nodifficulty inanswer-
ing the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sar-
gent.] I do not believe any man is fit to
occupy a seat in this House who considers the
Government of the United States a humbug,
who denounces the President of the United
States in these scurrilous terms, and who say3
lie would rather live under the government of
Jeff. Davis than under this Government. I
do not think any such man should be allowed
to hold a seat here.
Mr. SARGENT. I only wanted to get a
confession of faith from the gentlemau.
