826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Every Democrat on this floor voted against the
proposition; that record cannot be changed.
And another thing: during the long, sad,
weary months that preceded the war the first
and bravest words that went forth from this
House for the Union and against secession
were speeches delivered from benches on this
side of the House. The record of this House
will support me in that statement, and to that
record I appeal. I assert, sir, that during the
session of Congress preceding the war more
and more emphatic speeches for the Union and
in denunciation of the armed traitors who were
striking at the old flag were uttered on this side
than from the other side of this House.
And now, after these years of war have passed
by, when I look around me and see here on
this side of the House, so indiscreetly assailed,
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mungen,] the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Slocum,]
another gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,]
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Crebs,] and
others who stood foremost among those who
bore aloft amid the smoke of battle the old flag
of the Republic; when I see some of them
enfeebled for life by the hardships and perils
of the field ; when I see these scats so honor-
ably filled by men who never faltered in their
devotion to the Union, and who now resist
the remorseless partisanism that would wipe
out every vestige of the old Republic ; when I
remember, sir, that the names of these men add
luster to the history of my country, that the
record of their noble achievements for the
Union is beyond the reach of partisan detrac-
tion, secure 011 the page of impartial history;
when I remember all this, I know that the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
would not deliberately impute any sentiment
of disloyalty to the men who occupy seats here
on this side of the House.
Mr. Speaker, I think he could not do so for
another reason. He knows as well as I know
that in the long columns of armed men who
marched from every State of the North to
uphold the Govern meat Democrats and Repub-
licans stood shoulder to shoulder, side by side.
They fell together upon every battle-field of
the Republic, and upon every battle-field their
blood mingled together, and together how many
of them sleep in the same common grave. The
waters of the Potomac and of every river that
flows from the North to the South have been
reddened by the blood of Republican and of
Democratic soldiers, who have side by side
fought and died for the Union. And I know
that no man as worthy to represent a constit-
uency as is the gentleman from California would
by any serious remarks question the patriotism
of that great party, so illustrious in its record,
whose representatives in the war for the Union
are so worthy of our admiration, who stood
and still stand so bravely for the integrity of
the Republic. Democrats and Republicans
alike filled the ranks of your Army, alike toiled
and suffered and died for the Union, and no
man, except in the spirit of the partisau, would
rob them of their just fame. It was doubtless
the fact that the officers were generally on one
side politically; but the soldiers who fought the
battles of the Union, the men in the ranks, were
of both parties and about equal in numbers, the
members of the Democratic party as devoted
to the Union, sacrificing as much, enduring as
much, and falling as bravely as those enter-
taining a different political faith. Let no man
attempt to deprive either of their just meed of
praise.
I yield for a few moments to my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward.]
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. SARG-ENT. I desire to call attention
to the fact that the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holmajj-,] after inviting me to explain
my previous remarks, interrupted me in the
course of my explanation and has given me
no opportunity to resume.
Mr. HOLMAN. If my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] will give way for a
moment, I must insist that if my friend from
California [Mr. Sargent] desires to make a
personal explanation 
Mr. WOODWARD. I will not yield the
floor to the gentleman from California.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana yield indefinitely to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward ?]
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I do not
rise to discuss this question. I intend to vote
for the admission of this man from Virginia.
I rise only for the purpose of replying to the
slanderous charge brought against the Dem-
ocratic members of the House by the faember
from California. I denounced it as slander-
ous at the moment it fell from his lips; I so
denounce it now; and I say that he only aggra-
vates the offense when, in his attempt to ex-
plain it, he says that the Democratic party of
the North was opposed to the war and in favor
of secession. On the contrary, I affirm that
if the Democratic party of the North had not
recruited your armies the southern confederacy
had this day been an established and accom-
plished fact. You are indebted to the Dem-
ocratic party for the suppression of the rebel-
lion. The gentleman from California ought
to know this if he does not; and if he does
know it he ought not to bring such a charge
against a large and respectable body of his
fellow-citizens.
Sir, three members of my own family marched
to that war besides many other relatives. I
have always observed that those persons who
bring such charges against Democrats are gen-
erally the people who did the least themselves
for the suppression of the rebellion. I have
met this charge and insinuation on this floor
repeatedly. 1 have heard the war called the
" Democratic war," the intention being in so
calling it to revile the Democratic party; yet
this insinuation, intended to be a reproach,
is in a great measure a true assertion ; for tak-
ing the rank and file of the Army when they
went out it would be found that the majority
were Democrats—not when they came home,
not after they had been doctored by your chap-
lains and your sutlers, your "carpet-baggers"
and camp followers ; but they were Democratic
when they went out. Yes, sir, I believe the
assertion can be sustained by proof, that the
majority of the rank and file of the Army that
subdued the rebellion was drawn from the
Democratic masses of the country.
One word now in regard to the main ques-
tion. This man Porter does not come here to
represent himself, but to represent a district
of the State of Virginia ; and J am not dis-
posed to repeat the outrage that has been com-
mitted by the majority of this House again and
again in denying to people of this country the
Representative of their choice on account of
expressions which may have escaped him iu
regard to Mr. Lincoln or his administration.
Sir, the Democratic party of this country have
always been in favor of free speech. They are
not accustomed to condemn any man for its
exercise. They have cxercised it themselves.
They did criticise Mr. Lincoln's administra-
tion ; they had a right to do so. But, sir, they
fought the battles of the country; they sub-
dued the rebellion; and when the truth is
ascertained it will be found, as I have before
said, that the majority of those who went into
the Army were drawn from the Democratic
masses of the country. It will be found also
that men who have been reviled here and else-
where as "secessionists" never uttered a
secession sentiment in their lives, never did
an act in aid of the rebellion, but on the con-
trary contributed, in point of fact, more largely
to its suppression than their accusers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
wili yield to me.
How much time does the
of Massachusetts. Five
I yield to the gentleman
I ask the gentleman for
Mr. HOLMAN.
gentleman want?
Mr. BUTLER,
minutes.
Mr. H9LMAN.
for that time.
Mr. SARGENT.
five minutes. . .,
Mr. HOLMAN. I have agreed to yield to
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts; Mr.
Speaker, as my action has been called in ques-
tion, I desire to state to the House exactly what
occurred in regard to the case of Mr. Porter,
of Virginia. He was a young lawyer, the .Com-
monwealth's attorney under what was known
as "the Peirpoint government" in Norfolk.
That was a loyal government, and he was evi-
dently supposed to be a loyal man at that time
by his associates. I presume this was bis rnis-
fortune, that he was under a government within
the operations of the troops in the field, and
which was consequently interfered with by the
force of military orders, and on the occasion
referred to he became excited in a public place
in Norfolk, and in disobedience of military
orders uttered the words charged. He was
tried, not by a court-martial as has been stated,
but by a military commission, and. it having
been found that he acted thus in disobedience
of military orders he was convicted. Like a
good patriot he submitted to the punishment
inflicted upon him. He did not undertake to
get out a writ of habeas corpus, as some of my
Democratic friends in Indiana did to get out
from under punishment. Afterward I met Mr.
Porter, received his explanation, and became
satisfied that it was the result of ill-nature and
excited political discussion, and relieved him.
The next I saw of him was as a member of the
constitutional convention of Virginia, doing
the best he could toward the reconstruction of
that State. Let me here recall to the attention
of our friends on the other side of the House
the great joy the Scripture tells us there is in
Heaven over the one sinner that repenteth.
[Laughter.] I have no other belief in the
world to-day but that Mr. Porter is a loyal man.
I have now a word to say to my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,] who asserted
that a majority of the Army was composed of
members of the Democratic party. I believe
a groat many who went out early in the war
were Democrats; but it was not long before
they left that party. I remember that I had a
body-guard in 1864 composed of men from the
gentleman's own State, one hundred and one
of the finest soldiers I ever saw, all of whom
voted for Lincoln, except one, the trumpeter,
who was put under arrest for being behind time,
and he voted for McClellan. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. WOOD. When I presented to the House
the objection to Mr. Porter, of Virginia, I did
not anticipate any such discussion as this. In-
deed, I did not anticipate any discussion at all.
I carefully avoided making any argument or giv-
ing any opinion on the abstract constitutional
question as to the right of representation in
Congress. I confined myself simply to present
to the House a memorial placed in my hands
by some respectable citizens of Virginia re-
monstrating against his right to a seat here.
My motives for presenting that paper were
these : it is familiar to every member of the
House that during the Thirty-Ninth, Fortieth,
and Forty-First Congresses the majority in
both Houses assumed the responsibility t.o go
behind the records, to go behind the certificate
of election, the official certificate, by which the
people of each congressional district demanded
the right of representation. They went behind
that certificate under the pretext that they had
the right to judge of qualifications of members
of the House, and to go into their past sayings
and doings, and generally into their past record.
Under that precedent, established originally in
