1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
how much that publication costs; I will leave
that question to the chairman of the Committee
on Printing, but it costs an immense amount.
One member of the committee tells me that it
costs five dollars per volume. Now, only twenty-
four newspapers or libraries or individuals in
a congressional district can receive these vol-
umes. Why should we tax the people of that
district who never see these volumes to pay
for the twenty-four copies that are distributed
among this very limited number ?
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman from
Illinois answer a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENTON. Does not the gentleman
believe that this agricultural report is very
beneficial to the people among whom it is dis-
tributed ; and if, for instance, there is one
report circulated to every fifty voters, does not
the whole population in the main become in-
formed as to the important contents of that
work ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I apprehend not.
Mr. BENTON. I ask the gentleman whether
he does not believe that the agricultural reports
are of great benefit to the agricultural districts ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not talking
against the agricultural reports. I have already
said that it is the mostpopular book we publish.
My argument is against the idea of taxing one
portion of the people who get no books to pay
for books which the other portion does get.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. With pleasure.
Mr. BECK. Now, I desire to ask the gen-
tleman this question : the Postmaster General
has announced that he will save $5,000,000 if
the franking privilege bo abolished. For one
I am anxious to save that $5,000,000. If the
Committee on Appropriations out out that
$5,000,000, as I hope and believe they will,
will the Postmaster General make his word
good by performing the postal service without
that $5,000,000, and will the Committee on
the Post Offices and Post Roads refuse to
recommend any deficiency if we now act in
accordance with the recommendation of the
Postmaster General?
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. I cannot answer those
inquiries. As I have already said, I believe
that the Postmaster General exaggerates when
he says we can save §5,000,000 by the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege. If we abolish
the franking privilege it will be possible for the
Committee on Appropriations to leave out a
large sum, but 1 do not know how much it
will be. They will be able to save a large sum
in reference to the public printing. That is
where the great bung-hole is ; there is where
the great leak is.
Mr. CULLOM. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is, and the gentleman
from Illinois is entitled to the floor for an hour.
Mr. WARD. I wish to make a suggestion
to my friend from Illinois.
3£r. FARNSWORTH. Let it be brief.
Mr. WARD. If I understood the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] his remarks con-
tained a reflection upon the Postmaster Gen-
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 do not yield for
that purpose. My remarks contain no reflec-
tion upon the Postmaster General.
Mr. WARD. I acknowledge that; but what
I want to say is that the Postmaster General is
a high-minded and conscientious man, and iu
what he has done for the good of the public
service he has been actuated by a sense of duty.
I believe he is right and the country will sus-
tain him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have not reflected
upon the Postmaster General at all.
Mr. WARD. I had no reference to the gen-
tleman, but merely referred to his colleague.
Mr. LOGAN. If I said anything reflecting
upon the Postmaster General I am glad tobe
called to account by the one who is expecting
to be the Postmaster General at some future
day. I am a better friend—no, I will not say
a better friend, but equally as good as the gen-
tleman from New York, and perhaps have had
as muck to do as the gentleman from New
York in putting him there as the Postmaster
General, but perhaps no more.
I propose to ask my colleague that if we
abolish the franking privilege, which I consider
one of the perquisites belonging to the people,
in what particular will that abolition reduce
the expenditures of the Government ? I expect
to vote for it because my people seem to wish
it. I have expected to vote for it all the time,
not because it saved money, but because it
seems to be the desire of everybody. How
that desire has been brought about it is not
necessary for me to go into.
But the point is this, that the mail matter
we frank to our constituents has to be earned
by the contractors, who have contracts with the
Department for four years, and we will have to
pay them whether this mail matter is carried
or not. Therefore, to abolish the franking
privilege at this time is nothing more or less
than to put money into the pockets of these
contractors for carrying mails to different parts
of the country, and it will not save one dollar
to the Government.
You may save by preventing the printing of
these documents. Of course we can do that
without the abolishing of the franking privilege.
It is not necessary to abolish the franking priv-
ilege to save that. If money is to be saved by
the abolition of the franking privilege it can
only be by effecting a saving on the amounts
of the mail contracts. And the suggestion I
make to my colleague [Mr. Farnsworth] is
whether it would not be well to empower in
this bill all postmasters to reduce the amounts
of the mail contracts in proportion to the reduc-
tion of mail matter, which will be the result
of abolishing the franking privilege. That is
my suggestion ; and as regards the bill I think
it reasonable, and shall vote for it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. #I will say to my col-
league, as regards the point to which he has
adverted, that a large proportion of the con-
tracts for carrying the mails in the United
States will expire very soon. Invitations for
new bids are now out—I know they are out in
our own State—and the effect of this bill will
be to enable those who desire contracts to make
their bids and the Postmaster General to accept
them with reference to it.
Mr. LOGAN. One fourth of the mail con-
tracts expires every year. It is that fourth
which is about to expire now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My colleague is too
good a lawyer to imagine that we can pass an
ex post facto law that would interfere with the
contracts already out. It is true, however,
that at the time each contract is made the Post-
master General is armed with all the authority
necessary to bring such a measure as this into
operation.
Mr. LOGAN. We can do this. I know we
cannot pass a law that will be ex post facto so
as to impair the obligation of a contract. Our
Constitution prohibits that. But we can em-
power the Postmaster General to abrogate the
existing contracts and make new ones in ac-
cordance with the requirements of the law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Postmaster Gen-
eral can do that now. He is authorized to
do it.
I now wish to make a remark with reference
to a suggestion 
Mr. CONGER and Mr. LAFLIN severally
requested the gentleman to yield to them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield to
any one at present. Some gentleman made a
suggestion as to distributing public documents,
the agricultural reports particularly. _ It seems
to me there is no difficulty in providing by law
for the distribution among the people of sueh
reports as they want. Depositories might be
established in different parts of the country,
where these documents can be kept for sale.
Let them be sent there; not through the mails,
but as freight. The public documents eould
then be kept in these depositories for sale at
their cost to people who desired to have them.
Then every man who wanted one of these books
would pay for it whatit cost, and the man who
did not care to have it, would not be taxed to
pay for the printing of it and the sending it to
other people.
I believe they have some such system as that
in England. Perhaps some gentleman who is
better informed on the subject than I am can
state precisely what the English system is.
But I believe it to be that public documents
printed by order of Parliament are kept in
certain depositories for sale. Our &ystem has
been very different. We print a great many
reports of Departments in divers volumes—
three or four of them—and send them round
among the people. And what becomes of
them ? To a very large extent they are stowed
away in garrets with other lumber. I have
myself I do not know how many of those docu-
ments which nobody wants. I would scarcely
insult a man by sending them to him. And so
they lie and mold. Every member of this
House who has been here for a number of
years must have had a similar experience. On
the shelves of some of our warmest political
friends we will probably find numerous copies
of these old documents with the wrappers still
round them_, the persons to whom they were
sent not having taken the trouble to tear them
off; and yet the Government has paid for those
books from two to ten dollars a volume. I
believe that the mechanical report, which is of
no use to anybody unless he is a mechanic
and a mechanic of considerable science, costs
some fifteen dollars a volume. Am I right?
Mr. LAFLIN. Twelve dollars and a half.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, when a man
writes to us for a book we send him, perhaps,
the mechanical report. It may do him some
good, perhaps, if he is sufficiently scientific to
understand the plates and cuts and the science
that is in the report; but lie probably is not,
and he and his family look over the pictures
in the report and then throw it aside, and that
is the last of it. Each volume of that book
costs $12 50.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am informed that I mis-
understood the gentleman from Illinois. I
understand him to inquire the cost of the me-
chanical report per set.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No ; per volume.
Mr. LAFLIN. It costs $12 50 per set.
Mr. LAWRENCE. And there are four vol-
umes in a set.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield five
minutes to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Laflin.]
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Illinois has, in my judgment, made the
very strongest argument that could be made
in favor of the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege in the effect it will have in lessening the
cost of the public printing. While I agree fully
with him in that statement I am not prepared
to sanction by my vote a statement that shall
go forth to the country that we are to save mil-
lions of dollars, or anywhere near such a sum
of money even, in the public printing by the
abolition of the franking privilege. I will not
occupy the time of the House by any debate,
but I wish to make a statement here, and I
desire the Associated Press, if I can get the
attention of its reporter, to give to the country
in behalf of a much-abused Congress, and in
behalf of the integrity and devotion to the pub-
lic interests which have in this direction char-
acterized the Congresses with which I have
been associated, the benefit of the statement
that I am about to make. Year in and year
out, every now and then, in papers respectable
in their character, highly influential, regarded
as the very first authority, 1 see statements
circulated that the cost^of the congressional
printing amounts to million of dollars. If 1
had at my hand, as I have at my room, a copy of
perhaps the most influential journal in the Um-
