1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
tion were 3,138 pounds of agricultural reports
to each member per annum ; 1,274 pounds of
Globes, and 971 pounds of Patent Office reports.
This, of course, does not include speeches or
private correspondence which passed through
the mails free of postage.
Mr. LAI LIN. I wish to ask the gentleman
another qeustion, whether the weight of public
documents distributed to each member does
or does not exceed the weight of documents
given to each Senator?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not fully in-
formed on that subject; but I think the weight
of documents distributed to each Senator is
quite equal to that distributed to each member.
A Member. It is more.
Mr. F ARNS W 0RT-H. If anything the
weight of public documents distributed to each
Senator exceeds the weight of those distributed
to each member of the House.
. I will now yield five minutes to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Ferriss.]
Mr. FERRISS. Mr. Speaker, when this
report of the Postmaster General appeared it
contained a statement that the franking privi-
lege cost that Department $5,000,000, equal
to twenty-five or thirty per cent, of the entire
cost of the postal service; and when he so
reported to this House, and that fact was em-
bodied in the message of the President, the
people of the country were astonished, and so
also were the members of this House. The
Postmaster General after having been but six
or eight months in office, without setting forth
the data, the facts or the figures on which he
based his opinion, set it forth in his report as
his deliberate opinion that §5,000,000 was
rather under than above the sum that would be
saved by the abolition of the franking privilege.
Now, sir, the investigation I have given the
subject satisfies me that that is an estimate
very wide of the truth. I have here a statement
of the weight obtained by the actual -weighing
of the entire documents furnished to the For-
tieth Congress. When I submit the facts gen-
tlemen can judge for themselves whether I am
making a liberal estimate or not. The weight
of public documents for the Fortieth Congress
distributed to each member was 8,031 pounds,
the amount for one year being one half of that
quantity, or 4,016 pounds. The postage on this
at sixteen cents per pound would be §642 56.
Then I estimate an average of fifteen letters
mailed per day, making §164 25 per annum,
and an average of ten letters per day received,
making a total of §109 50 per annum. Then
I estimate the postage on seeds and cuttings
at ten dollars; on 2,0o0 speeches, forty dollars;
and on newspapers, ten dollars. These sums
make an aggregage of §976 81, which is the
postage that would have to be paid by each Rep-
resentative and Senator provided he had not
the franking privilege. Multiply this sum by
315, the number of Senators and Representa-
tives, and you will have the sum of §307,5S7 05
as the entire aggregate of all the postage that
would be saved to the Government in a year
by the abolition of the franking privilege.
But the Postmaster General makes some
allegations on this subject of which it is proper
that notice should be taken. One half of the
matter, he says, sent under the franking priv-
ilege sent under forgeries and other abuses
of that privilege. After enumerating the
officers who are entitled to the frankiug privilege
absolutely, he enumerates those who are entitled
to a limited franking privilege, among whom
are the 27,368 postmasters, and then makes a
sweeping denunciation against this body of
men, who, to say the least, are as respectable
as the majority of the electors of the country.
He says :
"In this statement alone is an array of 31,933 who,
gonorally speaking, load the mails at will with
whatever matter they please. Some of them, to be
sure, are granted only a limited privilege, yet prac-
tically the restrictions are no longer operative."
Now, at the very time that the Postmaster
General is charging the postmasters all over
the country with loading down the mails with
whatever matter they please, what has he been
doing himself? Why, he has been sending out
blank petitions and printed letters with refer-
ence to the abolition of the franking privilege
by the tens of thousands to the several post-
masters throughout the United States. I have
examined the franking laws, and have reluc-
tantly come to the conclusion that the sending
out of these papers, if sent under the frank of
the Third Assistant Postmaster General, as I
am informed they are, is without authority of
law and a violation thereof. The franking
privilege of this officeris limited ; limited to the
legitimate business of the Post Office Depart-
ment. If I am correct in this it comes with an
iil grace from the Postmaster G enoral to charge
31,933 officers of the Government, which in-
cludes not only all the members of both Houses
of Congress, the President of the United States,
and the heads of Departments, but 4,115 offi-
cers of the internal revenue department and
the postmasters all over the country with will-
fully loading down the mails by a fraudulent
use of, in most instances, a limited franking
privilege.
My only regret in supporting this bill is that
it svveeps away the privilege now accorded to
newspaper publishers of sending their papers
by mail to any place within the county of pub-
lication free ot postage. This privilege should
be continued; but as we have 110 choice but to
oppose the bill or vote for it in its present
shape I shall give U my support, not with the
expectation that it will save to the Government
§5,000,000 annually, as the Postmaster Gen-
eral confidently predicts, but that it may afford
that officer an opportunity of testing the relia-
bility of his estimates and predictions and afford
the Committee on Appropriations an oppor-
tunity of cutting off the sum of $5,000,000 from
the amount asked to defray the expenses of the
Post Office Department for the next fiscal year.
If the intention of that officer was in good
faith to ascertain the sentiments of the people
in regard to the franking privilege he should
have accompanied the blank petitions with an
equal number of remonstrances prepared with
reasons and arguments for the retention of the
laws as fully as were the petitions with reasons
and arguments for their repeal.
Sir, if this bill becomes a law the principal
beneficiary will not be the people of the Uni-
ted States, but the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road, over v,mich road at least two thirds of
all the mail matter leaving this city passes.
The stockholders of that road are to reap the
benefits, for no person can be verdant enough
to suppose for a moment that the amount now
paid to that corporation for carrying the mails
will be reduced a single dollar after the bill
under consideration becomes a law. The mails
nowhere will be transported for a sum less
than that now paid. And with the franking
privilege abolished no contractor will bid at
any future lettings a dollar less than he would
if that privilege was retained.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yieldthree minutes
to the gentleman from Arkansas.
Mr. ROOTS. Mr. Speaker, it has been said
by various persons that they think the abolition
of the franking privilege is wrong, but that
they will vote for it because they believe it the
sentiment of the people. 1, sir, believe it is
wrong and that nine tenths of the people think
it is wrong, and I shall therefore vote against
it. In behalf of my belief concerning public
sentiment being opposed to that for which so
many persons have petitioned—I wish I had
time to read the letters accompanying the few
petitions received by me—every one received
from an important post office brings a letter
stating that the sentiment of the petition finds
no echo in the wishes of the intelligent portions
of the community. Some of the letters say that
the indignation againtthe Postmaster General
is intense ; that not one in twenty appiove or
sanction the movement, but on the contrary
they denounce the scheme as a fraud upon the
tax-payers to continue the same pay to mail
contractors for a less amount of work. The
various postmasters writing the letters say that
receiving the petitions from the Postmaster
G-eneral they feared incurring his displeasure
if they failed to secure signatures, and they
therefore undertook the unwilling task. Why,
here, Mr. Speaker, is the letter received from
the_ most important office in my district from
which any petition has come. For obvious
reasons I suppress the name of the post office
and postmaster:
Post Office 
Arkansas, January 15,1870.
Dear Sie : In obedience to instructions from tho
Post Office Department I enclose herewith a petition,
signed by a few citizens of this place, praying for tho
abolition of the franking privilege. Not oneof our
best citizens npprove of tho petition. And if you
think it will aid in maintaining a moroliboral and
enlightened policy a thousand of our citizens wilt
promptly unite in a petition protesting against the
abolition of the franking privilege.
I am, very respectfully,
Hon. Logan H. Boots, M. C.
Some say they vote for this on account of
economy in the Post Office Department. While
the mail contractors' and postmasters' pay re-
main the same I admit it is hard for my dull com-
prehension to perceive the great reduction of
expense to the Government which is to be
realized; but I do see where great frauds, ex-
pense, and robbery may occur by having post-
age-stamps lying loose around ail our various
Departments; and as I do not believe in cut-
ting off a dog's tail by inches, for fear it would
hurt too much to cut it ail otF at once, I trust
and ask that the following amendment be put
on the bill:
Be it further enacted, That there shall bo no allow-
ance or appropriation to any officer or Department
of the (xovernment for postage-stamps or of money
for the purchase of stamps.
With the amendment, hoped for reduction
of expense might induce me to vote "ay.''
Without the amendment I shall certainly vole
"no."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Potter] for five
minutes.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. Peti-
tions are being presented to this House and
filed among our archives which are sent by
order of the Post Office Department and trans-
mitted through the mails free of postage. I
hold this to be a breach of the privileges of the
House of Representatives and an infringement
on the fair right of petition. And I make the
point of order that all such petitions should be
rejected by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a point of order. My
point of order is this: that under the twenty-
ninth rule of this House no member shall
vote on any question in the event of which
he is immediately and particularly interested.
[Laughter.] I ask the Chair to rule on that
point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, lam heartily
in favor of this bill. I do not certainly know
whether it is going to save any money to the
Government under the existing contracts or
not; I do not know whether the Postmaster
General has abused the franking privilege, as
alleged, or not, and for the purpose of determ-
ining my action on this bill I need not care;
for I believe the franking privilege to be sub-
ject to great abuses and to great frauds, and I
shall therefore vote for this bill or for any bill
that may be introduced to abolish or to limit
the privilege. I believe that if it should bo
onee abolished it never would be restored.
Indeed. I am not only in favor of its abolition
on public considerations, butlam also in favor
of it myself for the personal reason suggested
by the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Bextox.] This necessity of franking docu-
ments seems to me to be one of the most oner-
ous and annoying duties that falls upon men
