884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Ohio; East Liverpool, Columbiana county,
Ohio; New Lisbon, Columbiana county, Ohio;
Lake township, Stark county, Ohio ; Green- j
town, Stark county, Ohio; Lamartine, Carroll
county, Ohio ; Smithiield, Jefferson county,
Ohio; Steubenville, Jefferson county, Ohio;
Warrenton, Jefferson county, Ohio, and Home-
ivorth, Columbiana county, Ohio, all praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. AMES: A petition of citizens of
Weymouth, Massachusetts, for abolishing the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Marshfield,
Massachusetts, for the same parpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of East Bridge-
water, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Mansfield, for
the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of West Hanover,
Massachusetts, for the same purposo.
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of William
H. Richardson and 90 others, citizens of Mai-
den, Massachusetts, to abolish the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Luther Fanvell and 92
others, citizens of Medford, Massachusetts, for
the same purpose.
Also, the petition of 0. W. Gardiner and 47
others, citizens of Winchester, Massachusetts,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of R. L. Hodgdon and 43
others, citizens of Arlington, Massachusetts,
for the same purpose.
By Mr. BECK: A petition of a large num-
ber of the eitizensof Keene, Jessamine county,
Kentucky, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of a number of citizens of
Georgetown, Scott county, Kentucky, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of G. W. C. Washburn and 83 others,
citizena of Needham, Massachusetts, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of George A. Cotting and
133 others, citizens of Hudson, Massachusetts,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BUFF1NTON: The memorial of
Andrew Whitney and 197 others, citizens of
Nantucket, Massachusetts, praying for the
abolition of the franking jirivilcge.
Also, the memorial ot Warren A. Crosby
and 19 others, citizens of North Chatham,
Massachusetts, praying for the same.
Also, the memorial of S. N. Howland and
37 others, citizens of West Barnstable, Massa-
chusetts, praying for the same.
By Mr. BUIICHARD : A petition of citizens
of Malngin's Grove, Lee county, Illinois, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Holdam,
Ogle county, Illinois, to abolish the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of York, Carroll
county, Illinois, to abolish the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Nelson, Lee
county, Illinois, to abolish the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Kent, Illinois,
to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Oreston, Illi-
nois, to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. BURDETT: A petition of citizens
of Sedalia, Missouri, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Gains'sFarm,
Henry county, Missouri, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Mentroako,
Vernon county, Missouri, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Shawnee
Mound, Missouri, for the abolition ofthe frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Tipton, Mis-
souri, for the abolition ofthe franking privilege.
By Mr. BURR: Petitions from various post-
masters and citizens in Illinois, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. CAKE : A petition against, the frank-
ing privilege, signed by citizens of Tremont,
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania.
Also, the petition of William Bleistein, to
refund $300 paid for a substitute.
Also, a petition for the relief of John Paine,
of Lebanon, Pennsylvania.
Also, a petition against the franking privi-
lege, sigued by citizens of Delano, Schuylkill
county, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. CESSNA: A petition of members
of the one hundred and eighty-sixth regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers, praying for bounty.
Also, petitions of citizens of the sixteenth
district of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
pass a law abolishing the franking privilege.
By Mr. CHURCHILL : Thepetition of John
Crawford and loo others, citizens of Oneida,
Madison county, New York; and also of Wil-
liam R. Atkins and 102 others, citizens of
Earlville, Madison county, New York, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: A petition of
citizens of Marble Ridge, Sauk county, Wis-
consin, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. COOK: A petition of citizens of
Prairie Center, Illinois, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Illinois, for a
reduction of import duty on steel rails.
By Mr. CREBS : The petition of D. W.
Lusk and 39 others, citizens of Shawneetown,
Illinois, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of
James Hopkins and others, citizens of Fair-
field, Huron county, Ohio, praying for the
abolition ofthe franking privilege.
By Mr. FERJllSS : A petition of citizens of
Crown Point, New York, for the abolition ofthe
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Ellenburg,
New York, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Wilmington,
New York, for the same purpose.
By Mr. GETZ: A petition of 90 citizens
of Stouclisburg, Berks county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of -17 citizens of Douglass-
ville, Berks county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: A petition of eiti-
zensof lilkton, Todd county, Kentucky, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. G1LFILLAN: A petition of 670
citizens of the counties of Clarion, Crawford,
Mercer, and Venango, Pennsylvania, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Venango
county, Pennsylvania, asking the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Clarion county,
for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Venango
county, for the same purpose.
By Mr. HAY: Petitions of the citizens of
Ashley, Red Bud, Belleville, Marine, Leny-
burg, Aviston, Mascoutah, Burkesvilles and
Kaw, Illinois, to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The memorial of A.
Moffitt, for compensation for property taken by
the Government.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition of
John A. Warren and 214 others, citizens ot
Henry and vicinity, Marshall county, Illinois,
asking the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Edgar A. Ladner and
33others, citizensofYorktown, Bureau county,
Illinois, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Patrick llaulon and 40
others, citizens of Kiekapoo, Peoria county,
Illinois, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. JOHNSON: The petition and
papers in the ease of D. D. Harrill, late post-
master at Shasta, California, asking that the
Postmaster General be allowed to audit his
claim, &c. , . ... ,
By Mr. JULIAN: A petition for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege, signed by l1 inley
Egbert and 41 others, citizens of Union county,
Indiana. . .
Also, the petition of Lewis Mullin and on
others, citizens of Franklin county, Indiana,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege. . .
By Mr. KELSEY: The petitions of citizens
of Hunt's Hollow, New York; Italy Hill, New
York ; Portage, New York, and Harrington,
New York, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Findley
Lee, C. D. Gobbert, and 100 others, citizens
of Campbellsburg, Washington county, Indi-
ana, prayiug.for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. KETCIIAM :_ Petitions praying for
the abolition ofthe franking privilege, namely :
of Isaac Piatt and 42 others, of Poughkeepsie;
of J. Carpenter and 40 ofheijSj of Valatie ; of
David S. Tallman and 27 others, of Little
Rest; of German Finger and "8 others, of
Livingston ; and of H. D. Gay and 93 others, of.
New Lebanon Springs, New York.
By Mr. KNAPP: A petition of 270 citizens
of Franklin, Delaware county, New York, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hancock, Dela-
ware county, New York, for the same purp'ose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Worcester,
Otsego county,New York, for the samepurpose.
By Mr. McCARTHY: The petition and
remonstrance of J. B. Burnet and 439 others,
citizens of Onondaga county, New York, to
Congress, against the adoption of the pretended
statistics and report of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue as aguideto legislation, and
expressing the belief that the same is erron-
eous and a libel upon the American manufac-
turers and working men, and asking that a
special examination be made of the same, and
errors refuted.
Also, the petition of C. W. Allis and 195
others, citizens of Skaneateles, New York,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of George W. Bliss and
73 others, citizens of Truxton, New York, pray-
ing Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of John J. Blaney and 42
others, citizens of Fabinus, New York, praying
Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. E. Cushing and 29
others, citizens of Little York, New York,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of Joseph Baker and 82
others, citizens of Manlius and Pompey, New
York, praying Congress to abolish the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Edwin Steele and 61
others, citizens of Manlius, New York, praying
Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. McGREW: A petition of 101 citi-
zens of Bruceton Mills and vicinity, West Vir-
ginia, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of 95 citizens of Benton's
Ferry, West Virginia, for the same purpose.
By Mr. McNBELY: The petition of M.
Langston and others, citizens of Mason county,
Illinois, asking for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
_ By Mr. MORGA.N: A petition of numerous
citizens of St. Louisville, Ohio, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MUNGEN: A petition for a post
route from Van Wert to Gilbert's Mills, in
Paulding county, Ohio.
By Mr. MYERS: A memorial of eitizensof
Philadelphia, asking that pensions be granted
to the veterans of the war of 1812.
B,y Mr, NIBLACK: The memorial of Jacob
