1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
C. Youngman, late second lieutenant in eom-
fany G, one hundred and forty-third regiment
ndiana volunteers, praying for compensation
for expenses in recruiting.
Also, the memorials of B. F. Adams and
others, of Stewartsville ; of Solomon Vanada
and others, of Somersville; of J. Asbell and
others, of Edwardsport; of Charles H. Bee
and others, of Winslow, in the State of Indi-
ana, in favor of the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the memorial of C. E. Crow and others,
of Vigo township, in Knox county, Indiana, on
the same subject.
By Mr. POLAND : The petition of Charles
A. Craige and others, of Fairlee, Vermont,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the memorial of George A. Merrill,
superintendent of Rutland, Vermont Valley,
Plattsburg, and Montreal railroads, praying
Congress to reduce the duty on iron rails to
one half cent per pound and the duty on steel
rails to three fourths cent.
By Mr. READING: A petition of 70 citi-
zens of Attleboro, Bucks county, Pennsylvania,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. REEVES : Petitions for abolition of
the franking privilege from Alvin Squires, G.
L. Wortt, F. II. Overton, and 39 others, citi-
zens of Peconic, Suffolk county, New York ;
from J. W. Phillips, Selah Tooker, F. E.
Hammond, and 35 others, citizens of Mount
Sinai, Suffolk county, New York ; from Wil-
liam H. Smith, J. E. Walker, J. J. Harned,
and 85 others, citi2ens of Smithtown, Suffolk
county. New York; from Moses B. Depuy,
E. G. Tuckerman, J. H. Tomlinson, and 24
others, citizens of Deer Park, Suffolk county,
New York ; from W. Remsen Taylor, M. D.,
John McAloney, George A. Everett, and 33
others, citizens of Astoria, Queen's county,
New York; from James M. Ludlam, David
M. Coney, M. D., John W. Smith, and 91
others, citizens of Oyster Bay, Queens county,
New York ; from Z. Winant, Herman Mayer,
Matthew Murphy, and 23 others, citizens of
South Side, Richmond county, New York.
By Mr. RICE: The petition of Lewis PI.
Long and others, of Dover, Mason county,
Kentucky,praying the abolishment of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of M. J. Ferguson and
others, citizens of Louisa, Kentucky, praying
the abolishment of the franking privilege.
By Mr. ROOTS: Three petitions from Ark-
ansas for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
of Omega, California, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. SAWYER: The memorial of C. W .
Hopkins, and 37 others, citizens of Bingham-
ton, Wisconsin, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of John M.
Millikin and 211 others, citizens of Ohio, pray-
ing Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. SHANKS: The petition of Nelson
Kellogg, postmaster at Blufiton, Indiana, and
129 others, citizens of that vicinity, asking the
repeal of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of G. H. Lewis and 34
others, citizens ofBurdlek, Indiana, asking the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of M. Strass and 38 others,
citizens of Indiana, asking the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. C. Goodwin and
41 others, citizens of Mechanicsburg, Henry
county, Indiana, asking the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of John B. Morgan and
71 others, citizens of Fort Wayne, Indiana,
asking the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. R. Jackson, post-
master, and 60 others, citizens of Union City,
Indiana, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of II. P. Hannah, post-
master, and 43 others, citizens of Green, Jay
county, Indiana, asking the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of A. H. Johnson and 78
others, citizens of Spiceland, Henry county,
Indiana, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Reuben Patrick, post-
master of Wheeling, Delaware county, Indiana,
and 38 Other citizens, asking the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Jackson Wishart and
31 others, citizens of Middlctown, Indiana,
asking the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Benjamin Albertson
and 48 others, citizens of Dunreitli, Henry
county, Indiana, asking the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: The petition of
L. Wilkins and 105 others, citizens of Stan-
wood, Cedar county, Iowa, asking for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of S. Kester and GG others,
citizens of Moscow, Muscatine county, Iowa,
asking the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Almou Dresser, post'
master at Spring Grove, Linn county, Iowa,
and 30 others, citizens of that vicinity, asking
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of E. D. Rummel, post-
master at Walnut Fork, Jones county, Iowa,
and 35 others, citizens of that vicinity, asking
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER:_ The petition
of Marcus F. Town and others, citizens of Gros-
verner Dale, Connecticut, asking for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By. Mr. STILES: A petition of citizens of
Ironton, Lehigh county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that the franking privilege be entirely abol-
ished.
By Mr. STRADER: The petition of Richard
Bromly and 30 others, citizens of South Pen-
dleton, Hamilton county, Ohio, to abolish the
franking privilege.
By Mr. TOWNSEND: The petitions of
Thomas Booth, Samuel Henderson, and Isaac
L. Smith, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. VAN AUKEN : A petition of citi-
zens of Aldenville, Wayne county, Pennsyl-
vania, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Portland Post
Office, Northampton county. Pennsylvania, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Johnsonville,
Northampton county, Pennsylvania, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of B.
F. Dilger and 64 others, of Fairfield county,
Ohio, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The memorial of George Hastings, postmaster,
and 100 others, citizens of Massachusetts,
praying the total abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. WELKEE: The petition of S. R.
Richards and 43 others, citizens of Westfield,
Medina county,_ Ohio, asking the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of George Philpott and
100 others, citizens of Sullivan, Ashland county,
Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of J. R. Henry and 1j2
others, citizens of West Salem, Wayne county,
Ohio, on the same subject.
By Mr. WHITTEMORE : The petition of
C. C. Mercer, of Georgetown, South Carolina,
to be paid for property destroyed by United
States troops after the surrender of the rebel
armies. , . TT
By Mr. WILLARD : The petition of H. G.
Wood and others, of Fairhaven, Vermont,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege. . ,
By Mr. WINCHESTER: Two petitions
from the citizens of Owen county, Kentucky,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WINANS : The petition of S. S. Tay-
lor and 42 others, citizens of Enon, Clark
county, Ohio, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. WOODWARD : A petition of cit-
izens of Susquehanna Depot, Pennsylvania, in
favor of abolishing the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Carbondale,
Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 28, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
senator from virginia.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, Mr._ John-
ston, Senator-elect from the State of Virginia,
whose credentials I believe were read yester-
day, is on the floor and desires to qualify. It
is proper for me to state that Judge Johnston's
political disabilities, if he ever was subject to
any, were removed by the act of 20th of July,
18G8.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I would
ask my friend from West Virginia whether
there is any mistake or other imperfection in
the act which is supposed to remove the dis-
abilities of this gentleman ? I have seen a let-
ter from Virginia, sentherealongtimeago, not
connected with the admission of the State, I
will add, which said that the disabilities of this
gentleman had not been removed. On looking
at the statute I find that the disabilities of a
Mr. Johnson, of Washington county, Virginia,
who probably was intended to be this same
gentleman, have been removed. The question,
therefore, is whether there is such a close sim-
ilarity in these two names as to justify us in
admitting this gentleman as the proper object
of that statute. I simply make the suggestion
in order that my friend from West Virginia
may have it before him.
Mr. WILLEY. If the Senator will turn to
the actof July 20,1808, Statutes-at-Large, vol-
ume fifteen, page 389, he will find the name
of John W! Johnson, of Washington county,
among others. That is the identical gentleman
whose credentials were read here yesterday—
John Warfield Johnston. There is no mistake
about it whatever.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the oaths of office will bo adminis-
tered. If there is objection, the question will
be submitted to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I simply wish to understand
the fact. What is the fact ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senatorfrom West
Virginia has stated it. The fact is that the dis-
abilities of John W. Johnson, of Washington
county, Virginia, who the Senator from West
Virginia has just stated is the identical person
now here, were removed by the act approved
July 20, 1868. I have the statutes before me.
Mr. SUMNER. If that is so, I am at a loss
to see any question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The only question is that
it is a different name, but intended for the same
man.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection. The Senator-elect for the term
ending March 3, 1871, will present himself
at the chair of the Vice President and take the,
oaths of office.
Mr. Johnston advanced to the Vice Presi-
dent's desk, escorted by Mr. Willey, and the
oaths prescribed by law having been adminis-
tered to him, he took his scat in the Senate.
state ok virginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, in
accordance with the twenty-fourth rule, will
submit to the Senate two Hous.§ bills which
are oa the table.
