836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
The bill (II. R. No. 985) to amend an act
entitled " An act to admit the State of Virginia
to representation in the Congress of the United
States" was read twice by its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that that bill be
read at length. It is merely to correct a sup-
posed error in the original bill.
The bill was read. It provides that where
ever the word "oath" is used in the act to
admit the State of Virginia to representation
in the Congress of the United States it shall
be construed to include an affirmation; and
every person required by that act to take either
of the oaths therein prescribed who has reli-
gious or conscientious scruples against taking
an oath may make and file an affirmation to
the same purport and effect. All the pains and
penalties of perjury prescribed by the act are
to apply also to any false affirmation taken
thereunder.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I presume there is no
objection to the bill being put upon its passage
now.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
The bill (H. R. No. 98G) to abolish the
franking privilege was read twice by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. I imagine that the Senate
desire to proceed with the immediate consider-
ation of that bill, and I ask that it be put 011
its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DRAKE and Mr. VICKERS objected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill cannot now be considered. It
will be referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
TERRITORIAL LAWB.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the laws
and resolutions passed by the fifth Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Idaho, commenc-
ing on the 7th day of December, 1868, and
ending on the 14th day of January, 1869, at
Bois6 City ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the Chamber of Commerce of the
State of New York, in favor of a modification
of existing laws so that foreign-built steamers
may be imported free of duty and privileged
to carry the American flag, provided that they
are bona fide. American-owned and not to be
employed in our coastwise trade; that iron
plates and other materials for construction of
steamers be admitted free of duty ; that on all
ship stores procurable in bond drawback be
returned ; that ample subsidies be granted to
lines of steamers built in American yards, to
the end that a competition with foreign organ-
izations may be successfully inaugurated and
sustained; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of West Virginia, remonstrating against
any reduction of the duty on foreign coal;
which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. IIAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Potomac City, in the county of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, praying for the
erection of a new bridge over the Anacostia, at
or close to the site of the present navy-yard
bridge; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. CRAGIN. I present a petition signed
by Admiral Farragut, Vice Admiral Porter,
and a large number of naval officers, asking
that Congress will pass a law dividing the
retired or reserved list into two classes: one
consisting of honorably retired or reserved
officers, to comprise those officers who have
been retired on account of years or long ser-
vice, or on account of wounds or disabilities
occasioned by wounds received in battle ; and
the other consisting of simply furloughed or
retired officers. I move the reference of this
petition to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I present also two petitions
for the abolition of the franking privilege, and,
as it seems to be the fashion of many .Senators
to accompany the presentation of these peti-
tions with some remarks, I beg leave to say
that one of these petitions is from my own
town, signed by men who know what they are
about and who are in no wise influenced by the
Postmaster General. Fault has been found in
this Chamber with the Postmaster General for
the course he has seen lit to adopt in relation
to this subject, but for one I am unable to see
that he has done anything wrong. The Repub-
lican State convention in my State,which assem-
bled on the 7th day of this month, passed the
following resolution:
"Resolved, That wo arc in favor of tbo abolition
of the franking privilege, and also of abolishing the
enormous expense consequent upon tbo publication
and distribution of vast quantities of worthless docu-
ments and reports."
I will say that I concur fully in that resolu-
tion, and shall vote most cheerfully for the
abolition of this privilege; and if we ai'e to do
it, Mr. President, I think myself we had better
do it with a good grace and not with quite so
much faultfinding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petitions
will be referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. NYE. I should like to make an inquiry
of the honorable Senator from Now Hamp-
shire, who proposes so cheerfully to obey the
instructions of his constituents. Why does he
not offer an amendment to abolish the printing
of all documents at the same time? As I un-
derstand, this proposed abolition of the frank-
ing privilege does not touch the documents.
Mr. CRAGIN. That will follow in due time.
Mr. NYE. I want to see that done away
with at the same time.
Mr. DRAKE presented three petitions of
citizens of Missouri, praying the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which were referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS. I also ask leave to present a
petition from Hillsborough, Fleming county,
Kentucky. Itis one of the petitions that origin-
ated with the Postmaster General. Iam not
as much disposed to eulogize him for the man-
ner in which he has brought down the country
upon Congress as the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. I am opposed myself to the abuses
and the excessive abuses of this franking priv-
ilege. This petition says of the franking priv-
ilege, "It is a special privilege the benefits
of which accrue to the favored few at the ex-
pense of the many." I believe among the
"favored few" are about fifteen thousand
postmasters. They come in for the benefit of
this privilege. While I am disposed to reform
it, I state frankly that I will not vote for its
total abolition. I am in favor of a reforma-
tion of the abuses, but not for the eradication
of the whole privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. VICKERS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Maryland, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SCHURZ. I present the petition of
William Hamlett Morgan, of Howard county,
Missouri, praying that a congressional com-
mittee be appointed whose duty it shall be to
examine the Comstock system of phonetics,
and to report as to whether or not that system
ought to be taught at the Military Academy
at West Point and at the Naval School at
Annapolis. I move the reference of this peti-
tion to the Committee on Education.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ also presented the petition
of Norman Kaufman, praying to be allowed
ciiTGfirs of pension j winch ws.s referred to the
Committee on Pensions. _ .
He also presented four petitions ot citizens
of Missouri, praying the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads. _
Mr. POOL presented a petition of citizens
of North Carolina, praying the extension of
the bankrupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of the judge
and members of the bar in attendance upon
the circuit court of the United States for the
district of North Carolina,_ praying an appro-
priation for the erection of a building in the
city of Raleigh for the accommodation of the
United States courts; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
He also presented a. petition of citizens of
North Carolina, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Amanda M. Ritchey, of Illinois, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of the State of Alabama, praying the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. PATTERSON presented petitions of
citizens of Newport and Hanover, New Hamp-
shire, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. OSBORN presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of Fernando J. Moreno;
which were referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. W1LLEY presented the petition of A.
Staples, of Patrick county, Virginia, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; wbich
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of mem-
bers of the Lycoming County Medical Society,
Pennsylvania, praying the enactment of a law
conferring upon the medical officers of the
Navy such relative rank and privileges in the
service as will protect them against the arbi-
trary conduct of superior officers; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
W. A. Robertson, of Nottaway county, Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented the memorial of B. S.
Prittyman, president of the Chicago, Pekin,and
Southwestern Railroad Company, of Illinois,
praying a reduction of the duty on iron and steel
rails ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege : which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HOWELL presented two petitions of
citizens of North Carolina, praying the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented peti-
tions of citizens of Plainfield,Peacham, Weath-
erfield, Windsor,and Barnard, Vermont,praying
the abolition of the franking privilege; which
were referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads. *
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Vermont, praying such an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States as will fully
recognize the obligations of the Christian re-
ligion ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a petition of
