1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
members of the bar of the State of Wisconsin,
prayingan increase of the salaries of the judges
of all the courts of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Wisconsin,praying the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CONKLING. I present an elaborate
and instructive memorial from the Chamber
of Commerce of the State of New York. A
committee of members of the chamber, ap-
pointed for the purpose, bring this memorial
here, and I bespeak for it the attention it
deserves by reason of its contents and of its
source as well. The memorialists consider
two subjects: first, the importance and urgency
of semi- monthly mai 1 service between San Fran-
cisco and China and Japan; ar<d second, the de-
cline of American commerce and means for its
restoration. Mail service and merchant service
once a fortnight to China and Japan in vessels
of our own is asked, that we may be independ-
ent of French and English steamers plying by
way of the Mediterranean sea. It is argued
that nothing short of such service consists justly
and wisely with the action of the Government
in issuing bonds amounting to ยง60,000,000 and
granting lands amounting to twenty million
acres to secure and construct a railway to the
Pacific ; and it is said that such an ocean line
but crowns and realizes the greatest railway
undertaking yet executed in the western hem-
isphere.
The causes of the decline of American com-
merce are traced, and the methods approved
by the memorialists for its restoration are
clearly set forth. This branch of the argu-
ment cannot be stated within the rule of brev-
ity suitable in the presentation of a memorial
here. I will not state it, therefore; but I ven-
ture to commend this memorial to the atten-
tion of Senators. I would move that it be
printed ; but the Chamber of Commerce itself
will print it and furnish it to Senators. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Tost
Offices and Post Eoads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a petition,
numerously signed by citizens of Bridgehamp-
ton, Suffolk county, New York, who heartily
approve the bill passed yesterday by the House
of Representatives, the purpose of which is to
cut up root and branch a practice deemed by
these petitioners a great evil. They call the
practice to which they refer "the franking
privilege." I move that the petition be re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present another peti-
tion, signed by citizens of Christiansburg, New
York. These petitioners heartily approve the
same bill and hope that it will be speedily
reported by the committee of this body to
which it appertains and adopted by the Senate.
It relates to the franking privilege. I move
that this petition be referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented several
petitions of citizens of Maine, praying the abo-
lition of the franking privilege ; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. BOREMAN presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of West Vir-
ginia, praying a reduction in the duty on foreign
coal ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. PRATT. I present a petition of Gov-
ernor Cumback, of Greensburg, Indiana, and
other citizens of that place, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege. I move its
reference to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I likewise present a petition
to the same effect from citizens of Castle, In-
diana, as it is called in the petition, although I
know of no such town. There is a Newcastle,
but I know of no Castle in Indiana. I move
its reference to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT also presented the petition of
Moses MeNamee Baker, relative to a method
discovered by him for the destruction of the
cotton-worm ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Stockdale, Indiana, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Washington county, Nebraska, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDKAWN AND MPEKKED.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, it was
Ordered, That tho petition and papers of the Mer-
cantile Mutual Insurance Company, of New York,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to tho Commit-
tee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. ROSS, it was
Ordered, That tho petition of William E. Mason,
prayinK compensation for properly taken and de-
stroyed by United States troops in 1861, bo taken from
tho files of the Senate and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION".
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the S-eeretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in response to a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 14th instant, a report
of the Special Commissioner of tho Revenue
relative to the cost of American pig-iron ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS OS COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 334) to provide for
a building suited to the use of a post office, the
revenue officers, and the judicial officers of
the United States in the city of Little Rock,
Arkansas ; and to whom were also referred
various other bills and petitions for the con-
struction of public buildings in various parts
of the country, to report the same back and
ask to be discharged from their further con-
sideration, and that they be referred to some
other committee. The Committee on Appro-
priations do not deem this subject within their
province. It is to provide for additional ser-
vice. We do not understand that it is part of
the business of the Appropriation Committee
to provide for such service. It involves the
erection of new public buildings, not appro-
priations for buildings already in process of
construction and already ordered by law, and
therefore involves the question of the expedi-
ency of erecting these public buildings. It is
therefore a mixed question of the needs of the
service and of finance. The main point seems
to bo the providing of buildings of proper char-
acter for officers of the internal revenue, and
on this account the Committee on Appropri-
ations ask to be discharged from the further
consideration of these bills and petitions, and
that they be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine, on behalf of the Committee on Appro-
priations, asksthat the committee be discharged
from the consideration of various bills and
petitions in regard to tho erection of new pub-
lic buildings, and that the same be referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 doubt very much v.-helher
that is tho proper committee for those bills to
go to. If there is no standing committee that
has ehargo of that particular subject I think
it would be better to constitute a select com-
mittee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say to
the Senator that the usage has been, if a prop-
osition was for the building of a post office
merely, to refer it to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads. So if it were a build-
ing for tho accommodation of the courts sim-
ply, it might properly go to the Committee on
tho Judiciary. But these bills combine both,
and include also, with special stress I think, the
accommodation of the officers of tho internal
revenue; which question, it will be seen, con-
nects itself at once with the duties of the Com-
mittee on Finance, and that consideration to
some extent suggested that committee. As it
involves principally the accommodation of
that class of officers, I submit whether that
is not the proper committee. But still I have
no personal wish as to that matter.
Mr. DRAKE. It is suggested that these
matters should go to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds. I suppose that com-
mittee was originally constituted with reference
to the public buildings and grounds connected
with the Capitol, but if it is proper to have
these matters go to some other committee than
the one of which the honorable Senator from
Maine is chairman, the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds might be enlarged from
three to five, and all these matters sent there.
Several Senators. It consists of five now.
Mr. DRAKE. Then there is no need for
enlarging it. I suggest to the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine to modify his proposition so
as to send these papers to that committee. _
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
it was ever intended that that committee should
havejurisdictionofpublicbuildingsandground6
outside of the District of Columbia; but of
course it is proper for the Senate to charge
them with this duty. If that is the disposition
of the Senate, I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri moves to amend the motion of
the Senator from Maine, and to refer these
petitions and bills to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds. Does the Senator
from Maine accept that amendment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question then
is on the motion to discharge the Committee on
Appropriations from their further consider-
ation, and to refer them to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of MainiJ, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
tho joint resolution (S. R. No. 94) for the
relief of J. R. Clark, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Finance; which
was agreed to,
He also from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 433) for the relief
of Mrs. Rawlins, widow of John A, Rawlins,
deceased, late Secretary of War, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs ; which was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Marianna C. Johnston, praying to be recog-
nized as the legal heir of her son, who died in
the service, find that it is a case relating to
back pay and allowances, and not to pensions.
They therefore direct mc to report it back and
recommend that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. That change oi
reference will bo made.
Mr. McDONALD. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 338) to encourage the estab-
liskmcnt of a line of stearasnips under tno
flag of tho Union for the conveyance of tho
mails of the United Slates to European pons
and ports of India and China, by way of the
i Sue?, canal, and for promoting emigration
1 from Europe to the southern States of tho
Union, and reducing the rules of ocean post-
