1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the honorable Senate and
House of Representative* :
The petition of Rollin White respectfully repre-
sents that his patent for improvements in pistols
expired April 3,1869; that about two weeks before
the day of hearing of your petitioner's application
for extensions of said patent the exhibits which
related to it, and which were necessary for a full
understanding of the ease, were stolen from the com-
missioner's office in New York where the testimony
was taken; that your petitioner's counsel was sick,
and your petitioner himself disabled by shattered
health; he was unable to replace the exhibits in due
season and satisfactorily prepare his case for hear-
ing. He therefore prays that the Commissioner of
Patents be authorized to rehear and deoido upon your
petitioner's application for extensions as though the
same had been dono before the expiration of said
patent.
And your petitioner will ever pray.
ROLLIN WHITE.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, the petition
which has just been read was presented to the
Senate two or three days before the adjourn-
ment of the last session. It was referred to
the Committee on. Patents, and by that com-
mittee referred to a sub-committee of one of
its members, who received the statement of
Mr. White, and supposing that statement to be
correct, recommended the granting of the prayer
of the petition. A bill was reported accord-
ingly from the committee, which was never
printed, and in the hurry of the last hours of
the session passed without debate or considera-
tion. It went from the Senate to the House of
Representatives, where it also passed without
being printed and without debate or considera-
tion, although some gentleman had desired to
debate it. The proceedings of the House upon
it did not appear in the official report in the
Globe.
The patent having expired and the extension
having been refused by the Commissioner of
Patents, no knowledge existing in the country
at large with regard to the proceedings which
had been taken and were pending in Congress,
and the bill not having received the signature
of the Vice President or the approval of the
President at the last session, the business of
manufacturing arms in which this mode is
employed was largely increased and anew
entered into in different States, and large
amounts cf money invested during the recess
of Congress, and to the astonishment of those
who had made these investments, upon the
opening of the present session of Congress this
bill was found in transitu from one House to
the other, and its passage apprehended to be
exceedingly dangerous to their interests.
Upon the return ofthe bill with the objections
of the President I sent for a copy of the ori-
ginal petition of Mr. White, having during my
experience as a member of the Committee on
Patents learned how dangerous it is to take the
statements of applicants for renewals or exten-
sions as truth upon which to base legislation.
The petition which has just been read gives
two reasons for a new trial before the Com-
missioner of Patents. The petitioner had had
a trial before the proper tribunal, and his appli-
cation had been rejected. He appeals to Con-
gress, a proceeding exceedingly dangerous as
a precedent, of which I know no precedent;
and if the precedent were to be made in the
present case I know of no instance in which a
strongly contested case should be decided be-
fore the Commissioner of Patents where we
might not expect a motion for a new trial
before Congress. .
But, setting aside the consideration ot the
danger of the precedent, when we examine the
petition of Mr. White we find two reasons given
for a new trial; one that his counsel were sick
and were not present at the healing befoie the
Commissioner, and the other that a portion ot
his exhibits or models had been stolen and were
lost: that he therefore had no fair trial, having
no counsel and his evidence having not been
properly exhibited. ,
In order to learn what was tne truth about t.ie
statements made in the petition of Mr. N lute
I addressed a letter to the Commissioner who
heard the case and made the decision upon
which a new trial is asked, and received from
Judge Foote the Commissioner, who decided
the case, a letter, a portion of which I will now
read 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut will suspend his remarks.
The morning hour having expired, the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, being the currency
bill, is before the Senate.
Mr. FERRY. I hope this bill may be con-
cluded. It will take but a very short time, I
think.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
We had an order for
Mr. POMEROY.
private bills to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. The unfinished business
overrides that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide that point when it shall be raised.
Mr. FERRY. I move to postpone all prior
orders for half an hour for the purpose of
finishing this bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall not interpose any
objection to the consumption of half an hour,
but when that half hour shall have expired I
shall insist that the Senate proeeed to the con-
sideration of District of Columbia business;
and I will in the same connection make a mo-
tion to postpone the unfinished business of
yesterday and make it the unfinished business
for Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Connecticut that by
the strict language ofthe eleventh rule, to which
the attention of the Chair was called the other
dav in a debate among Senators, a motion to
postpone for half an hour is not in order. It
is not laid down as one of the specific motions
named in the eleventh rule which may be made,
and the Chair, therefore, construing the rule
strictly, must hold that the motion is not in
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to state in re-
sponse to the suggestion of the Senator Ironi
Maine that the unfinished business of yesterday
be regarded by general consent as the unfin-
ished busiuess for Monday, as he has some
business for the District ot Columbia that he
tells me is pressing, I shall make no objection
to that course being taken if it is agreeable to
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is suggested
that the unfinished business of yesterday, being
the currency bill, shall be regarded as the un-
finished business to be taken up on Monday at
one o'clock. Is there objection to that order !
Mr. EDMUNDS. In order to have the
ruling of the Chairuponwhatthe effectof these
special orders about special days is, thougn I
have not the least objection to that bill being
fixed for Monday, and shall not object after-
ward, I object now, that we may know where
WeMr."SHERM AN. I too should like to have
the ruling of the Chair on that point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The ruling of the
Chair is very plain under the rules, ihe fif-
teenth rule provides that "the unfinished busi-
ness in which the Senate was engaged at the
last preceding adjournment shall have the
preference in the special orders of the day.
It is a historical fact that this rule m its pres-
ent language was adopted in the Senate after
a great deal of debate, running through several
years, as to the priority of unfinished business
antagonizing with special orders. Special or-
ders are of the highest dignity of any ordcis
that can be made by the Senate except, pei • |
baps, a question of privilege, as the ru*orequites 
that they shall be made by a two-thirds vote,
whereas the Senate can proceed to the con- I
siderationof any business by a majority, but ,
this rule slates that the unfinished business of j
the last preceding adjournment shall have the 1
preference in the special orders of the day, ana ,
it therefore places it in priority aud precedence ,
of even special orders made by a two-ihnds
vote. Hence the order which was made that
Friday should be set apart for the considera-
tion of business reported by various commit-
tees is subject to the fifteenth rule. If on
Thursday night at the adjournment there is no
unfinished business pending then the order in
regard to Friday will hold, or if on Friday at
one o'clock the prior orders should be post-
poned then the order made in Senate in regard
to Friday would take effect; but by the fifteenth
rule the unfinished business of the preceding
adjournment has priority even of a special
order, and certainly of an order made by a
majority vote of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That being decided,
still I understand the Senator from Ohio will
not object to having the currency bill go over
until Monday if it shall be understood that it
is to be the special order then ; and I think it
is due to the District Committee that they
should have an opportunity to bring their
business before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection to the order suggested by the Sen-
ator from Ohio it will be made. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. CONliLING. _ Why not let the cur-
rency bill go overuutil to-morrow?
Mr. POMEROY. The decision ofthe Chair
is according to the precedents, but this setting
apart a particular day for business from a par-
ticular committee is not a special order like an
order that some particular bill shall be con-
sidered. Still I know it has been ruled so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Kansas that if his
opinion were correct, a resolution adopted
during the morning hour by a majority vote
setting apart a day for the consideration of a
particular committee's business, would have
priority of special orders and unfinished busi-
ness, notwithstanding the fifteenth rule. -Ihe
Chair thinks that certainly would not hold._
Mr. P0MER01. I know that the ruling
of the Chair is according to the precedents we
have established. I do not object to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I rise to express the hope
that no order will be made in reference to Mon-
day until we determine whether we are to sit
to-morrow or not. If the Senate shall be in
session to-morrow we may dispose of thelwr-
rency bill then.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was about to make the
suggestion that that bill shall be regarded as
the unfinished business for to-morrow, if we
meet to-morrow ; and, if not, for Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine suggests that the currency bill be
made the unfinished business for the next legis-
lative day. Is there objection to that order I
Mr. MORTON. From the little experience
I have had here I am satisfied that what is
proposed will result in a serious loss of
1 have never known a question to be aebated
for several days until the Senate was about
ready to take the vote, and then put oil for
several days, to come up again, but what it was
debated nearly as long the second time as it was
the first. And if this currency bill shall now
go over till Monday the question will be again
tolerably fresh and will be debated at conxid-
erable length, and thus we shall lose time.
Economy of time is to finish one thing at a
time, and then take up another and finish that;
but to work at a thing awhile and put it off
and then work at it again takes nearly double
the time. I believe I shall interpose an ob-
^TheVICEPRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Indiana objects to the order suggested. 1 he
question now is on informally passing over the
unfinished business of yesterday for tne pur-
pose stated by the Seriator from Connecticut.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope now we shall go
on with the unfinished business of yesteiday.
I should like to accommodate the Senatoi liom
Maine if the order he suggested could be made;
but objection being made to it, I think we ha
better go on with the unfinished business.
