840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio insists on the regular order.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I move to postpone
the pending order until to-morrow, for the pur-
pose of proceeding with the consideration of
certain bills connected with the District of
Columbia, and upon this motion I want to say
a word.
I concur pretty generally in what the Sena-
tor from Indiana has said ; but there are one
or two bills connected with this District which
appeal to our humanity. I think the one making
temporary provision for the poor, if it is to meet
the approval of the Senate, should be passed
now. The Senators here have no earthly con-
ception of the misery and suffering of the indi-
gent in this District, of those who have no
physical ability to labor.
There is another bill, a practical one in rela-
tion to paving M street, where the parties who
own the lands along the street have come and
asked for permission to pave the street at their
own expense; and if they can have that privi-
lege and relieve the Government and the city
entirely, they want to know it now, that Aey
may be making their preparations. There are a
variety of other bills, but these are two which I
hope the Senate will allow me to take up and
have passed to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Maine is to postpone the
present and all prior orders until to-morrow at
one o'clock, which will be the next legislative
day. If that shall be agreed to, the order in
regard to Friday will have effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was perfectly willing to
yield to the suggestion of the Senator from
Maine, but this will undoubtedly lead to a
struggle for the floor on the next legislative
day. This is a postponement of the currency
bill, a measure of general interest 
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. No ; we will
take it up the first thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my friend, the
Senator from Indiana, seeing the difficulty in
which this bill will be placed by a formal post-
ponement, will agree that it shall be regarded
as the unfinished business this evening for the
next legislative day. If the Senator from In-
diana will withdraw his objection I will not
interpose any further.
Mr. STEWART. In making a disposition
of the time of the Senate it seems to me highly
important that we should pay some regard to
the desire of the Senator from New York to
take up the census bill. I should like to inquire
when it is to come up.
Mr. CONKLING. I am very glad the Sen-
ator alludes to that subject, because if I can
have the attention of Senators for a moment
I shall be glad to make a suggestion in that
regard.
It is supposed in the Senate to soma extent,
and outside of the Senate, that there is im-
portance in the view of the committee in taking
up the census bill and having some legislation
in regard to it. In the view of the committee
there is very little importance to be attached
to taking it up at all. Indeed, if the Senate
would vote not to take it up the whole pur-
pose in substance, in the view of the commit-
tee, would be accomplished, and for this
reason: the report of the committee is that
the census this year ought to be taken under
the act of 1850, which is a continuing act, in
force now, and applicable in all things save
one. The schedule of enumeration literally
and formally ought to be made to comply with
the changed Constitution, which has been
purified of all provisions relating to represent-
ation requiring the enumeration of slaves.
That, I think, the Secretary of the Interior
cannot hesitate to do, even in the absence
of any legislative direction, the Constitution
having been changed.
Therefore, if on to-day or on any day the
Senate would vote not to proceed with the
consideration of the census bill at all the effect
would be when we reached the 1st of February,
to which time the law has been suspended by
a resolution the other day, to put into force
again the act of 1850, which according to the
view of the committee is a sufficient and ap-
propriate act, and the best act at this time
under which to proceed with the conduct of
the census. And although there is a little sub-
stitute reported, a brief section providing that
the Secretary of the Interior shall conform the
enumeration schedule to the changed Constitu-
tion, we have now the Constitution, which is
the superior law, supplemental, if I may so say,
to the act of 1850; and the Secretary would so
regard it I have no doubt. Therefore, in the
absence of all legislation whatever, the whole
object practically would be attained according
to the view of the committee; and yet the com-
mittee feel bound to ask at an early day the
consideration of the Senate to the subject, to
the end that in the way suggested, or in some
way, the judgment of tho Senate may be
expressed with regard to it.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, as one of
the committee to whom the census bill was
referred, I shall be pardoned for expressing
my dissent from the remarks made by our
chairman, [Mr. Conkung.] I do not mean
to discuss the question ; but I wish merely to
make one or two remarks directly responsive
to what our chairman has said.
I do not see the way for the Senate to treat
the House bill ill the very perfunctory manner
now proposed. I think it ought to be consid-
ered, carefully considered. I think that a bill
which is the result of so much labor and study
at the other end of the Capitol should not be
rejected, at least without careful consideration
in this Chamber. That is the first remark I
have to make.
Tho other is as to the practicability of our
proceeding under the old statute of 1850. I
have to submit to my friend, the chairman,
that he is perhaps too swift in that statement.
Has he examined that statute ? Does he see
what the allowances in the way of compensa-
tion are for services ? Must those not be pro-
vided for by our present legislation? One
dollar and eighty-seven cents or two dollars,
which was the daily compensation of an assist-
ant marshal in 1850,would not secure any com-
petent service now. Therefore, to my mind,
the law of 1850 is not at this moment a work-
ing machine; it will not do the business. If
you proceed substantially on its basis you must
make amendments applicable to the present
time. Then, sir, the whole subject will be
open ; and under those circumstances I submit
that it will be expedient for the Senate to apply
itself carefully to that whole subject, especially
in the form presented by the House bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is now manifest 
Mr. CONKLING-. I ask the Senator to
yield to me for one moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts rose saying he was going to respond
to a suggestion made by me. The Senate will
see, I think, that his remarks are not in response
in any way to mine. I did not assume to dis-
cuss at all the question of adhering to the old
bill or of adopting the new one. I simply
stated, and I think the Senator will hardly
venture upon a contradiction of that state-
ment, that if the view of the committee is to
prevail, if the old act is to continue, we need
of necessity no consideration here. That was
my suggestion; and I abstained expressly from
going into the question which the Senator seems
to be ambitious now to consider. I beg, how-
ever, to say to the Senator that I have exam-
ined the act of 1850 very carefully, as I have
also read with care every other act to be found
on the statute-book touching the census of the
United States, and I do believe, as does the
entire committee excepting the Senator, that
not only as to compensation but in every other
regard the act of 1850 is competent and suffi-
cient. Not only does the committee believe
that, but so believe those who are much more
competent to judge, I think, than any member
of tho committee would bo willing to claim
to be. . . ,
I leave the subject now with the single
remark that if there be conspicuous among the
recommendations of the act of 1850^ one to
which ready reference may be made it is the
provision.touching compensation, which proved
m two instances to be admirable, and which I
believe to be all sufficient.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is plainly manifest, I
think, from this brief discussion that we had
better proceed with the regular order. The
appeal made by the Senator from Maine touches
me, because 1 happen to know that there is
great distress in this city; and if the Senator
desires to call up the bill for the immediate
relief of the poor, I think by unanimous con-
sent the Senate should pass it, and grant what-
ever relief the Senate chooses to do. In regard
to the other bill for the paving of M street, all
the rest of the streets of Washington are in
such a wretched condition that I should be very
sorry indeed to vote that the people of M street
should have one decent street to ride and walk
over until some of their neighbors have a
chance also. I think that can wait, as every-
thing must wait in Washington. I think in
two hours, by going on with tho regular order,
we can getVid of it. Otherwise, it will come
up again with renewed speaking, and then, for
one, I should be willing to stay here until the
Senator from Maine can secure the passage of
his bill for the relief of the poor of Washing-
ton, or I will come back here to-morrow, or I
will vote with him at any time to give that bill
for the relief of the poor in this city preference
over any other.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be taken up now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing
that it shall be taken up now if we can go on
with the regular order after it is disposed of.
5U5LIEB OB DISTRICT POOR.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move, then, that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill for
the temporary relief of the poor in the District
of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN. Without displacing the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine asks unanimous consent that the
unfinished business be informally passed over
for the purpose of taking up the bill in regard
to the poor in the District of Columbia.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No,
435) for the temporary relief of the poor
and destitute people in the District of Colum-
bia was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill appropriates the sum of $30,000 for
the temporary relief of the poor and destitute
population in the District of Columbia, to be
distributed by the mayors of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, the president of the
levy court, and Oliver O. Howard, through the
agencies of the Washington Association for
the Improvement of the Condition of the Poor,
the National Freedmen's Relief Association,
and the Industrial Home School of District
of Columbia, and in such other maimer and
in such proportions as they shall deem most
desirable and best calculated to promote the
objects of the appropriation. It also author-
izes tho Secretary of War to furnish the mayors
of Washington and Georgetown, the president
of the levy court, and Oliver O. Howard con-
demned clothing and other articles not suited
for Army purposes, for distribution by them
among the poor and destitute in the District
of Columbia, not to exceed $10,000.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit an amendment,
to come in at the close of the bill. I do not
know that the amendment will be as control-
ling as I should like to have it, but it is sug-
gestive at any rate. I should like to have it
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Secretary
will report the amendment.
