1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert at the end of the bill the following:
And the persons charged with the expenditure of
the aforesaid appropriation shall, so far as may be
practicable, provide labor and materials for labor,
so as to promote and improve the condition of the
poor.
Mr. POMEROY. I have seen the difficulty
of administering mere charity. Not only is it
difficult to administer, but it is very temporary
in its effects. It is also in a great many
instances demoralizing to administer charity,
especially to able-bodied men and women.
There are some helpless persons who musthave
charity ; but the greater portion of this appro-
priation I want administered here in a way that
will provide labor, that will promote indus-
try, that will make the benevolent results per-
manent. You may feed the hungry for a few
days while the dollars last, but they are still
hungry. There is no end of charity if it is to
be administered as a gratuity without providing
some labor, some means of self-support. It is
to that end that I wish this amendment attached
to this bill; and yet I say it is not controlling.
My only fear is that those who are charged
Tvith the execution of this trust will not be
strenuous in providing labor and materials for
labor, but will give gratuitously to persons who
could labor if they had the means provided.
The great want in this city is. avenues to
labor. Persons would not be objeets of charity
if they had the means of labor provided for
them. If the great water-power on the Poto-
mac could be made available for the turning
of the wheels of machinery, if factories could
be established here, if this city could be made
like other cities iu providing self-supporting
means of labor for the population, there would
be no occasion for contributions of this sort.
I am pained every day at the necessity that I see
around me for some efforts of this kind ; but
there can be no permanent relief short of pro-
viding labor for all who are able to work. That
great command that man shall gain his bread
by the sweat of his brow cannot be executed
by proxy; it can be performed only by the
individual himself laboring and earning his
daily bread. The object of Government should
be to enable people to execute that command.
I am not insensible to the condition of the
unfortunate, the condition of the aged, the
condition of the infirm and those who cannot
perform labor; but they are not the persons
in a great majority of cases to whom our charity
is extended. It is extended generally to those
who are the most clamorous, to those who are
able to make the greatest noise, to those who
Ere the most persistent in pressing their claims;
and hence it is that in administering upon a
trust of this kind there should be the greatest
caution and prudence exercised in dispensing
the charity. I should prefer it if the bill made
it imperative on those who are charged with
this trust to appropriate at least half the money
in the employment of these persons as laborers ;
but as that might be considered a hardship and
not accomplish the object of the bill I have
left it in my amendment discretionary, and the
amendment is simply suggestive. _ I suppose
they will employ this money providing labor
for the men who are able to work. ^
I should like to have an appropriation large
enough to pave the streets and avenues of this
city, and in that way employ these persons
who are objects of charity, and relieve the city
from what the Senator from Ohio suggested
when he suggested that he did not want the
people of M street relieved in advance o? the
people of every other street. 1 believe if we
could now make an appropriation to pavetho
avenues, or some portion ot them, in Washing-
ton, and employ the poor in that way, we should
be promoting their interest better than by giving
them money and provisions as mere objects of
charity. 1 believe in labor and in providing
the means of labor in order to make men self-
sustaining. It is demoralizing and ruinous to
give money or provisions to persons who are
able to earn a living, and in such aland as this
we ought to provide the means of their earning
a living.
Mr. DAVIS. I am struck with an idea ex-
pressed by the honorable Senatorfrom Kansas,
that the most effectual way for any people to
obtain relief is to go to work or to be put to
work. One of the great evils, in this city espe-
cially, is that so many people who are able to
labor, and who have not the means of living
without labor, are allured to come here, and
after getting here, without the means of sup-
port unless by labor, they either have not the
opportunity to labor or are unwilling to do it.
I suggest to the honorable Senator that this is
not the best place for persons who are able to
labor to obtain employment.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think it is.
Mr. DAVIS. Places vastly superior to this,
where more ready employment and better wages
can be obtained, are scattered all over the
country. If the honorable Senator would apply
bis mind to devising a system that would send
away from this city the persons who are willing
to labor, but who are unable to obtain employ-
ment here and who cannot live comfortably
without labor, I think he would render a great
service both to the District and to the persons
upon whom such assistance would operate.
There are hundreds and thousands of persons
congregated in this city who are able to labor
and who do not labor. If they did, and received
a proper reward for their labor, they would not
have any occasion for the charity of Congress.
The cxcuse of many of them is that they can-
not find labor; they cannot get employment.
One of the wisest and most benevolent meas-
ures for the gentlemen who have the interest
of this District so much at heart, in my judg-
ment, would be to devise a system that would
send that population from this sink of poverty,
wretchedness, and vice, and colonize themali
over the country, and enable them to get suit-
able labor, labor that would engage them and
for which they would be rewarded. I simply
make this suggestion to the honorable Senator
for his consideration.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, so long
as Congress is the Legislature for this District
and it has no other legislature I am willing
to do what a legislative assembly ought to do
to relieve the necessities of the poor in this
District, so far as it is right and. proper that
we should furnish relief. But, sir, I desire to
be very careful how I do it, and with great
respect for the committee who reported this
bill, it is not one that I can vote for in its pres-
ent shape. Let us see what it is. It proposes,
first:
That the sum of 830,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated out of money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated for the. temporary relief of the
poor and destitute population in the District ot.Oo-
lumbia, to be distributed by the mayors of the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, the presidentof the
levy court, and Oliver 0. Howard, through the agen-
cies of the Washington Association for the Improve-
ment of the Condition of the Poor, the National
I'reedmon's Relief Association, and the Industrial
Home School of District of Columbia, and m such
other manner and in such proportions as they—
That is, these two mayors, the president of
the levy court, and General Howard—
shall deem most desirable and best calculated to
promote the objeets of this appropriation.
It is seen at once that the whole distribution
of this fund is in effect put in the hands of the
two mayors, the president of the levy court,
and General Howard. They may apportion it
just as they please. They may give to these
subordinate agencies just as much or as little
as they please, and they may reserve the lion's
share of the appropriation to bo distributed
precisely in such manner and by such other
agencies as they may see fit to employ, wholly
distinct from the subordinate agencies that are
mentioned in this bill.
Now, Mr. President, there is something
rather singular about the eleemosynary grants
that are asked for every year for the poor of this
District. They generally secui to come about
the time that somebody is seeking a renomina-
tion for office in this District, when there is
some person who wants to be reflected or
renominated mayor of Washington or mayor
of Georgetown, and who has a realizing sense
that a huge soup-bowl with which he can feed
a voter from day to day will be a very excel-
lent mode of getting that man's vote for his
renomination.
We have now in this District a movement,
looking to a much better government, in my
judgment, than this District has ever had;
something in the nature of a territorial govern-
ment; a government that would be less expen-
sive, I venture to say, by one half than the
present government of the District; a govern-
ment that would protect the tax-payers of this
District to a degre^ that they never have been
protected, and that would give this District
what it ought to have, a Delegate in the other
House of Congress. What has been the fate
of that proposition, suggested I believe by far
the most substantial citizens of Washington
and Georgetown ? I understand it has met
the bitter opposition of all the present officials
and all the agencies they can bring against it;
and I do not caro particularly about^ placing
in their hands an electioneering fund of $30,000
and $10,000 worth of clothing with which to
electioneer for the maintenance of the present
state of things and to promote their own reelec-
tion.
I have not seen anything in the present
administration of Washington city to make me
particularly in favor of its perpetuation. I did
not see anything to make me favor it in its
administration at the last election in this city,
when men were beaten almost to death and the
police of the city almost overcome by brute
violence because certain men saw fit to vote
according to their own judgment; when a col-
ored man in this city because he wished to
voto the Democratic ticket, or did vote it, was
nearly bereft of life by an infuriated mob, and
when the police were borne down by the same
mob, and when there was a marvelous tardi-
ness in some of the highest officials of this city
in putting down that mob and securing to every
man the right to vote as he pleased.
I see nothing in the history of the present
officials of Washington city which induces me
to make them the dispensers of the bounty of
Congress here, especially when their own re-
nominations are about to take place and when
the question in the District is whether their
power and the system of government which
gives them their power is to be perpetuated
or not. If the Committee on the District of
Columbia will give the dispensation of this
charity to a committee of disinterested persons
of both political parties, or to a committee who
do not trouble themselves about politics at all,
and not give it to office-seekers, not give it to
men seeking a renomination for office, and not
limit its distribution to particular societies, as
if there were no other benevolent societies,
forsooth, in this District; as if all the benevo-
lence in this District must flow through the
societies that are named in tins bill—if you
will give the dispensation of this charity to a
board of disinterested citizens, whether they
are of my party or of your party, so that they
are fair ana upright and disinterested men who
have no particular personal benefit to bo de-
rived from the dispensation of the charity. I
will go for your bill with all my heart. But
as it is, with this machinery, 1 cannot vote
for it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I desire
before replying to the Senator from Ohio, and i
have a very few words to say in reply, to invite
as well as I may the attention of the Senate to
the true condition of tho poor of this District.
I am in possession of figures whicn show me
that there are somewhere between a thousand
and twelve or thirteen hundred worn out, in-
digent persons, who were formerly slaves, who
have no physical ability whatever to labor.
They range I think in ages from sixty up to one
hundred and fifteen. Now. sir, take that nam-
