846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
cities that are considered the best organized
cities of the country. When I speak of cities
I mean cities of one hundred thousand inhabit-
ants or more. As to the city government, I
do not suppose it is perfect, but I think it is
a far better city government than existed here
a few years ago.
A great deal has been said of the poor colored
people. We have some white people here also
that need aid. We have been told to-day that
when we emancipated the slaves and when we
abolished slavery in the country we were
warned that we should have these poor people
thrown upon the public for support, and that
they would flock to tin's District. It is true we
have a few hundred of them ; I supposed we
should, and I think it is our duty to keep them
from suffering. They belong to a race that has
added five or six thousand millions to the exist-
ing wealth of this country; have made their
fair contribution to the accumulated wealth of
this nation, and they have toiled for nothing.
These poor, old, worn-out people who gave
their lives to private service and to accumu-
lating wealth for the country should not be
permitted to starve or to suffer in this city.
The humanity and the justice of this nation
will not permit it.
It is said that poor people come into the
cities of the District; it is so in New York; it
is so in Boston ; it is so in Philadelphia ; it is
so all over the country. The tendency of poor
people and of laboring people is to rush to the
cities. It is so in Europe. I have seen some
very elaborate and learned works by persons
who take a deep interest in the social condi-
tion of the people of Europe, showing the
causes why in the Old World population
tends to the cities. It. is a fact that exists in
Europe and in this country, no more so here
than there. It is a great evil unquestionably,
but such is the fact, and I know no remedy to
correct it.
But, sir, here is a measure, right in itself, a
small measure of humanity to contribute a few
thousand dollars to aid the suffering people
of this District. I should be willing to vote
$30,000 or $40,000 or $50,000 annually, and
put it in an annual appropriation bill, to aid
the people of this District in taking care of
their poor, and I would be willing to contrib-
ute something either of public land or out of
the Treasury of the country to aid in building
up a school system in this District and educat-
ing the people, for where we educate the peo-
ple best there we are the least liable to bo
called upon for contributions of this kind.
Perhaps if wo had done what we should have
done, established a good school system in the
District of Columbia when we commenced this
Government here, and had our people all
educated, all trained and fitted for the various
duties of life, we should have had not only
less ignorance, but less poverty, less depend-
ence on the General Government, and less call
upon our charity or our justice. I shall vote,
sir, for the bill, and for the amendment which
I have offered.
Mr. STEWART. I do not desire to occupy
the time of the Senate on this bill. I shall
vote for it with great pleasure, because I
believe from what I have seen that there is
immediate necessity for it. I see, however, in
the suggestions that have been made, particu-
larly by the two Senators from Ohio, a pressing
necessity for a permanent organization to take
care of the poor of this District, and it seems
to me there should be a reorganization of the
government of the District in some form, so
that the people here can have power to make
the necessary regulations in the premises.
That seems to me to be very important.
I am not particularly opposed to the city of
Washington, as seems to have been inferred
from something I said here on one occasion.
I should like to see it made a place ; but the
present mode of procedure will always make it
the poorest place in the world. Now it is a
city shut off, without a right of way to it, with-
out any employment for its people, and under
such circumstances it can never be a very large
city.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the fault of Con-
gress.
Mr. STEWART. It may be ; but it seems
to me that if Congress is to do its duty to this
District it should give it a government that will
enable it to take care of itself, and it should
give its people a right of ingress and egress, so
that this city may be built up, so that there
may be some means of living here, some em-
ployment for men and women.
But the idea thrown out in this debate that
the Government of the United States is under
any special obligation for the land obtained
from the original proprietors of Washington
seems to me very strange. The land on which
Washington stands but for the expenditures of
the Government, I suppose, would be worth a
dollar and a half or two dollars an acre. I
think it very doubtful whether any portion
would ever sell for five dollars an acre if the
capital were not located here and Government
expenditures made on this spot. I think, then,
the interest on the donation made by these
people, leaving out of question the expend-
itures made by the Government here, would
not be a very large burden for the Government
to bear. All there is of Washington has been
made by the expenditures of the Government.
It has a forced existence. If this is to be made
a city, and if people are ever to live here
and have employment, it must be made a rail-
road center—I have voted for every bill tending
to that end—and there must be manufactures ;
there must be some mode of employing the
people. But to have it the great alms-house
of the nation and for us from time to time to
be dealing out alms to the people of Washing-
ton is not creditable to the country. If we are
to do anything with it let us take hold of such
a system of improvements as will give employ-
ment to the people and give them railroad
facilities. I would much rather make appro-
priations to start a system of sewerage and
drainage and of paving the streets and thus
give these poor people employment, or provide
for building railroads to the city and beautify
it, and give them employment in that way
rather than dole out charity in this miserable
manner.
It seems to me that here is work for the
Committee on the District of Columbia. If
you mean that this shall be the capital, if you
mean that it shall be a respectable place to
live in, provide in the first place for a right of
way to it, and that will give employment to
men; provide for a system of sewerage and
contribute something on your part to it, and
that will give employment to many. Follow-
ing on that you will have manufactures, and
then you will have a respectable city. Then
let there be a regular system of taking care
of the poor, as there is in other cities, and let
the city councils have something to do with it;
and if the Government is to appropriate toward
it let it be an annual appropriation, and let the
Government pay such proportion of what is
necessary to take care of the poor as the prop-
erty held by the Government in the District
bears to the whole amount of property here.
It seems to me that the speeches which have
been made here this morning suggest a great
work, and one worthy of the Committee on the
District of Columbia. I think good will come
of this debate. I shall vote for this bill with
great pleasure, because there is immediate
necessity for it and it will alleviate distressed
humanity. It is an appeal which we cannot
resist; but it is an appeal which suggests to us
that we should provide hereafter a remedy for
future evils of this kind : that they should not
come here every year as they have come every
year since I have been here. Nobody can
resist an appeal like this when people are
starving^ but let us^give them employment;
let us build up the city.
A Senator near me suggests that the propo-
sition of the bill now is to give employment.
What employment can those men who dole out
this charity give to the poor people ? What
great work will they do ? What system of im-
provements can they suggest? What system
of improvements can they make according to
law ? I have not examined the laws in regard
to the District, but I have heard it stated here
that the people are not allowed to move a
stone anywhere in the District without author-
ity of Congress; they are bound down. These
men cannot set the people at work to do any-
thing to improve the city. I hope the bill will
pass and that something in the way of a system
will soon be proposed.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, as at pres-
ent advised, instructed by the debate thus far,
I shall vote in favor of this measure of relief;
but I only do so for two reasons: first, because
of that picture of terrible distress, of ex-
treme desperate poverty which is alleged upon
highly respectable, indubitable authority on
this floor to exist in this community ; and next
and mainly, because the anomalous legal con-
dition of the people of the District of Colum-
bia, perhaps, may prevent them from applying
the ordinary, regular, proper, and efficient
remedies to alleviate in some degree this great
distress. I am not, however, prepared to say
that the people of the District of Columbia are
without that legal machinery which enables
the people of other communities to take charge
of the poor in their midst. If they are without
it it certainly is a scandalous fact that should
be instantly remedied ; but I do not apprehend
as a question of fact that that is so. Under
the laws of Maryland, which are in force in
this District—now in some degree save where
they have been repealed by the action of Con-
gress—under the laws of Maryland, which was
always m her earliest day as in her latest a
Christain community, where the law of human-
ity prevailed as the law of the land, there was
a mode of organizing through means of their
levy courts a system of assessment and taxa-
tion for relief of that class whom I suppose we
shall always have with us ; I mean the poor.
But, sir, whether that machinery of law exists
or not seems to be in some degree a question
of doubt, and I will not in the face of the
statement made on this floor withhold my vote
from a measure which seems to be one of
practical humanity demanding instant action.
But while I propose to give my vote for the
measure I think it has been justly and properly
criticised by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Thcr-
man ;] and I think the fact that we are called
upon in this urgent, imperative manner to
render relief without perhaps the proper ex-
amination and preparation of law, shows the
necessity for the preparation of some system of
law that shall prevent the recurrence of this
most vicious plan of occasional, hasty legisla-
tion upon the spur of the moment for that which
should be done with thought, with care, and
with due deliberation.
Sir, I am one of those who think that a care-
less charity, a charity of mere lavishness, falls
very far short of being a virtue. There are
men who will give simply because it is painful
not to give, and really sometimes the more
virtuous a man is the more he restrains his
emotions until wisdom and thought shall have
taught him better how to act.
There was an old formula, probably familiar
to all my hearers, of Sidney Smith's which
strikes me as one acted upon just now by
the Congress of the United States in the
case of the people of this District. He said
that A never saw B in trouble but that lie wanted
C to relieve him, and that strikes me as about
the manner of our dealing with public moneys
—moneys belonging to the people of all the
United States, but to be especially appropriated
for the use of a very small portion of them in
this District. I may say for their use in defi-
ance of the ordinary system, which is that the
support^ of the poor in all cases is a matter to
be provided for by local institutions and local
