1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
systems of beneficence. I know that where I
live—ami I believe it to be the rule in every
State of this Union—it is the land where the
people live, it is the local habitation, which
bears the burden of sustaining those whom
misfortune or vicc, which with misfortune is
the common mother of poverty, has brought to
indigence.
But while, sir, I have announced my inten-
tion to vote for this measure, and for these
plain reasons, I cannot forbear to call the
attention of the Senate and the country to the
fact that the city of Washington, the District
of Columbia, which has been under the benefi-
cent care of that party which is par excellence
the friend of the black man, offers to-day the
spectacle of being the very worst and most
unhappy home that he has on the face of the
earth. We have had here the evidence of
philanthropic ladies who have traveled over
Europe and have traveled through all parts
of the United States, and who tell you that
nowhere within the range of civilization, to
their knowledge, is there so much of human
wretchedness as exists to-day among the col-
ored people of this District. I should be
disposed to add my own testimony much to
the same effect; less in degree but similar in
kind. At my own dwelling in this District the
appeals for charity are constant; tenfold more
numerous than I ever knew in that community
which was my home, and which I in part rep-
resent upon this floor. Passing through the
streets, through the thoroughfares of this town
there are larger bodies of wretched colored
people than I ever saw in my whole life before.
I was brought up in a community where those
people abound, where they formed one fourth
of the entire population ; and I do say that
I never saw in all my previous life as much
unhappiness. as much degradation and vice
apparent in that class of people as I have in
tie few short months which I have passed in
the city of Washington.
This, then, is part of the fruits of the system.
Just now the labor of superannuated colored
people was talked of; just now the fact was
referred to that they were here helpless, ad-
vanced in age. and must be supported. I join
heartily in that last fact, for while I have never
spelled my humanities with capital H's or my
freedoms with capital F's, I do trust that when
the sense of humanity was appealed to within
me, whether by white or by black, I never
stopped to ask the color and I never stopped,
I may say, to give that relief within my power.
I never have, nor do I propose to do it here-
after. I do not propose to visit upon this race
of people any suffering because they have been
made the unhappy victims, in my opinion, of
a most mistaken policy. They not only shall
have from me justice but they shall have kind-
ness and liberality, whether in my votes here
or in my personal relations with them. But
when they ask me for bread I will not refer
them to the ballot, and I take it that they will
find very soon that a man may vote very early
and very often and be as hungry after the elec-
tion as he "was before.
Fault has been ascribed in debate to those
who formerly held these people in servitude,
who had for long vears the fruits of their labor.
'Well, sir, whose "fault is it that those same
•masters and mistresses to-day are not giving
the comfortable homes, the kind support and
aid that was the rule and the history of the
'southern States and of its people toward this
class of inhabitants? They have been made
free, and in many cases free to starve, free to
sleep without homes, and free to come to Con-
gress for an occasional careless sop to be
thrown to them out of the Treasury.
If this is to be the result of the system , and
if the spectacle presented by the District of
Columbia now and the facts avowed here by
gentlemen of the lladical party to-day is to be
the consequence, then I say the colored peo-
ple of this country will mourn the day when
Radical ideas obtained the control of the
nation; because it has been said here that
although this bill, as stated by the honorable
and distinguished gentleman who introduced
it, the chairman of the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, applies to all classes—and I
trust it may—yet it is meant expressly and
almost exclusively for the benefit of a single
class ; and we know that fact to be so. It is
so. As I said before, my hand shall not be
stayed to relieve human suffering whether it
exists under a skin of one color or another;
but I do say that the facts exhibited and stated
here on this floor are such as well tend to make
any man question whether the ballot, which
these people have in such abundance has been
a blessing to them or not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Pres-
ident, I am a little surprised that the Senator
who has just taken his seat should have made
this, a mere charity bill for the District of Co-
lumbia, the occasion for a studied attack upon
the freedom of the blacks in this District. Is
it a crime that the black men of this city are
poor? Is it a crime that they are old and
hungry? Whose fault is it that they are here?
Is it not manifestly the fault of their late own-
ers in the slave States in the various sections
of the country that as soon as their freedom
was granted to them they were thrown upon the
world, all before them whereto choose, whether
to live or to die. Is it the fault of this District
that it is the paradise comparatively of the
black man? We know from our own observ-
ation that the black men from all the States
surrounding this District are happy to flock
here. And now, when the question comes up
whether they shall be taken care of, is it any-
thing more than right, when this vast burden
from various outside States is thrown upon this
District, that Congress should step in and give
some measure of relief?
I did not rise to discuss this measure. I think
we have already spent sufficient time upon it;
and I had hoped it would pass without any
debate. I have said all I desired to say.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I will say a
word on this subject. I think with the honor-
able Senator who has just taken his seat that
the debate has gone far enough; but I will
remark the worst government and the worst
governedpeople that I have ever had any knowl-
edge of are the people of the Districtof Colum-
bia, and I believe that that is owing mainly to
the fact that they have no self-government;
because they have no self-government. There
never has been a measure of justice or liberality
proposed in the course of sixteen years in Con-
gress toward this District and its people that I
have not voted for; and such will be the spirit
in which I shall continue to cast my vote for
every measure connected with this District in
the future.
But, Mr. President, I believe that nine tenths
of the pauperism in this district has been
brought to it by the legislation of Congress,
and 1 do not believe that as a matter of jus-
tice the duty of supporting that pauperism
ought to be put upon the people or the prop-
erty of the District.
I am willing myself that the Government
of the nation, the agency by which this great
social evil has been brought to its present
enormous dimensions, it being the cause of
the enormity of the evil, should meet in a
large share the cost of it. But I think that,
in connection with this question, you ought to
take into consideration another aspect ot the
case. I have no doubt that there are a thou-
sand men, women, boys, and girls in the
city of Washington that are doing no labor
whatever ; that there is that amount of average
population who from day to day are doing no
labor whatever and who are_ entirely compe-
tent to labor, and whose services if they were
in the proper locality would be sought for by
liberal wages.
Now, Mr. President, my position is that
Congress having brought this evil to the extent
to which it exists upon the poor and oppressed
people of the District of Columbia, it is the
duty of Congress to mitigate the evil in every
just way practicable, and one of the most
obvious modes in which it "might be mitigated
would be for the legislation and policy of Con-
gross to send these negroes who are in the
District able to labor and who refuse to labor
into positions where they would be compelled
to labor and where they would get wages for
their labor. We all know that in the slave
States the tendency of the negro population
was to go to the towns. In the beginning of the
war my town had about fifteen hundred inhab-
itants and about half of them were negroes; it
has now about six thousand inhabitants and
about three thousand of them are negroes. I
have no doubt there are in that town, on an
average, five or six hundred negroes capable
of labor who from day to day are doing noth-
ing, simply because of their disposition and
their will to rendezvous in the towns and re-
fuse to go to the farms and rural districts
where they could get employment at good
wages.
Sir, the policy of Congress, and it has been
its policy generally, is to make this District a
place of experimental legislation. The party
in power have acted upon this principle. They
have brought the negroes to the District with a
view to experiment in relation to the business
of suffrage, and they want them to have here
the power of self-government, the right to vote,
and the right to hold office, and these purposes
of the party in power have induced them to
adopt a course of policy that causes the negro
population to congregate here in vast numbers.
I believe that this policy ought to be reformed
and reversed. I believe thatthe policy of legis-
lation of Congress ought to take a counter-
march, and that it ought to be of a character
to send the negroes who are able to labor,
who will not labor here, and who, probably,
have not an opportunity to labor here, out of
the city and out of the District upon our farms
and plantations where they may get labor.
Sir, the party in power have had the abso-
lute government of this city for ten years ; they
are responsible for its malgovernment, if the
fact of malgovernment exists, so far at least as
they could correct it. It is admitted on all
hands, by all gentlemen, that the poor laws
here are defective; that they do not constitute
such a system as is wise and efficient, and even
benevolent toward the paupers. Whose fault
is that?
Mr. HAMLIN. Ours.
Mr. DAVIS. I say so; yours.
Mr. HAMLIN. Ours.
Mr. DAVIS. Yours, because so far as I can
review the material of the committees I do not
recollect of a solitary member who has been
upon the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia since I have been a member of the Senate
who was a true friend to the District—not one.
I do not remember and cannot call to my mind
a single member of any committee on the
District of Columbia since I have been here
who has not always preferred the negro to the
white man, and where there was a difference
of interests between the white and black popu-
lation of the District of Columbia was not
ready and willing and desirous to sacrifice the
interest and welfare of the whits population to
the negro population.
Sir, these committees have not been fairly
organized for the people of this District; they
have not been justly and wisely organized with
a view to the rights of the people of this Dis-
trict. They have been organized upon the prin -
ciple of elevating the negro, and where there
was a conflict, of subordinating the rights and
interests and feelings of the white man to those
of the negro. There may be exceptions, but
if there be I cannot call them to miud, I know
this: that the ruling power and policy and men
that have controlled the government of the
District of Columbia, that have managed the
interests of these people, have been in the
interest of the black population of the District
