850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
motion is not, under the rules of the Senate,
allowable when any other business is before
the Senate, except by postponing that business
for that purpose. Is there objection to the
proposition of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] that the Senate proceed to-morrow
at three o'clock to vote on the currency bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. I object to any such
arrangement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania and the Senator from Vermont
object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to explain why I
object. It is not that I do not wish to come to
a vote, but the nature of this bill is such that
amendments may be offered at any moment
which will require from the committee or from
others some discussion, i do not think it,
therefore, the kind of proposition on which we
could have such an understanding with safety.
That is my only reason. I am anxious to have
a vote upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire to get the
bill off my hands, so that I can attend to some-
thing else. The debate ha3 now gone on for a
week and it seems to mo a proposition so
simple as that contained in this bill ought not
to take so long.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from Ohio
will allow me, I will amend his motion by say-
ing that we take the final question on Monday.
I think we ought not to meet to-morrow.
Every Senator here has a great deal of business
of a private nature and a great deal of a public
nature for his constituents to transact at the
Departments, and we ought to have Saturday
to devote to that sort of business.
Mr. SHERM AN. I am perfectly willing to
accept the suggestion of the Senator Irom
Pennsylvania if the time is fixed when this
question shall be disposed of.
Mr. CAMERON. Threeo'clockonMonday.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I am willing
to say Monday at three o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition that the vote shall be
taken on this bill at three o'clock on Monday
next ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object for the same
reason that I did before.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there will
be any trouble about that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think there will
be; but I do not wish to bind myself in ad-
vance.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator from Ohio, in lieu of sucfi. an un-
derstanding as this, that when the considera-
tion of the currency bill shall be proceeded
with not io give way again until it is concluded.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would be the rule
anyway. A majority of the Senate could do
that.
Mr. CONKLING. That would be the rule
anyway if it were enforced, but the Senator
by his own consent lost the benefit of the rule
on this day. lsuggesttohim not to lose it again,
but to hold on to the currency bill until we com-
plete that measure. In that view, it seems to
me it is not so very important to fix a partic-
ular hour when we shall vote. This is not a
bill likely to be debated for political reasons or
for unnecessary reasons; and if anything is to
be debated thoroughly, perhaps it is just as well
that this bill should be among those bills thor-
oughly considered.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, as the Senator from
Ohio has the floor, and by his indulgence, !
move that when the Senate adjourns to-day it
be to meet again on Monday next at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the Chair entertaining the motion that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet,
on Monday next? The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the question is on the motion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 39, noes 13.
executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Drake,] that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in the consideration of executive
business the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 28, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
session of saturday.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move that when the House adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have been requested by
several members to ask that there be a session
of the House to-morrow for debate only.
Mr. WOOD. I will accept that suggestion,
and move that the session of to-morrow be for
debate only, as in Committee of the Whole,
with the understanding that no business shall
be transacted.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
No objection was made; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WOOD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the order was made for the session of
to-morrow; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
member sworn in.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of privilege. Mr. James K. Gibson,
a member-elect from the eighth congressional
district of the State of Virginia, is now present
and ready to qualify and take his seat. His
disabilities having been removed by act of
Congress, I ask that he be now sworn in, and
that the qualified oath prescribed by the act
of July 11, 18G8, be administered to him.
Mr. Jasies K. Gibson then appeared and
qualified by taking the modified oath pre-
scribed by the act of July 11, 18G8.
public schools in the district.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 992) for the benefitof
public schools in the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be printed, and, with the accompany-
ing memorial, referred to the Committee on
Education and Labor.
naval jjedical bureau.
Mr. KETCHAlf," by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 993) for the better
organization of the medical department of the
Navy of the United States ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
united states steamer columbine.
Mr. KETCIIAM also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 994) for the
relief of the officers and crew of the United
States steamer Columbine ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
navigation of tiie mississippi.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 995) to
preserve the navigation of the Mississippi river
at and near the Falls of St. Anthony ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
arizona surveying district.
Mr. FITCH. I ask unanimous consent, to
report back from the Committee on the Public
Lands, for consideration at this time, House
bill No. 686, to make the Territory of Arizona
a separate surveying district, and to establish
the office of surveyor general therein. The
passage of this bill is recommended by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve my right to object
to this bill until after it shall have been read.
The bill was read. It proposes to create the
Territory of Arizona a separate surveying dis-
trict, and the President is authorized, by and
with the consent of the Senate, to appoint a
surveyorgeneral for the Territory, whose annual
salary shall be $3,000, and whose power, au-
thority, and duties shall be the same as those
provided by law for the surveyor general of
Oregon. He is to have proper allowances for
clerk hire, office rent, and fuel, and is to locate
his office from time t,o time at such places as
maybe directed by the President of the United
States.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ne-
vada [Mr. Fitch] asks unanimous consent to
report this bill from the Committee on the
Public Lands, for consideration at the present
time. Is there objection ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill is not before
the House.
kansas tribe of indians.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back, with amendments, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, a bill (H. R. No. 773)
to provide for the removal of the Kansas tribe
of Indians to the Indian territory, and to dis-
pose of their lands in Kansas to actual settlers
only; which was ordered to be printed, and
recommitted.
debts or southern railroads.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 996) to provide for
the collection of debts due from southern rail-
roads, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
bankruptcy.
Mr. DOCKERY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 997) amendatory
of an act entitled "An act to establish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy throughout tho
United States;" which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Revision of the Laws of the United States.
removal of osage indians.
Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Indian Affairs
a bill (H. R. No. 998) to provide for the
removal of the Osage Indians to the Indian
territory, and to dispose of their lands in
Kansas to actual settlers only ; which was read
a first and second time, recommitted, and
ordered to be printed.
railroad land grant.
Mr. STRICKLAND, by unanimous consent,
| introduced a bill (H. R. No. 999) granting the
i right of way to the Deer Creek and Marble
| Quarry Railroad Company, and granting lands
I to said company to aid in the construction of
S said road ; which was read a first and second
| time, referred to the Committee on the Public
! Lands, and ordered to be printed.
] abolition of tariff duties.
; Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask unanimouscon-
i sent to submit for consideration at the present
: time the following resolution :
I Jiesolved, Thattho Committee ofWaysand Means
; be, and they are hereby, instructed to report a bill
j abolishing all tariff duties on pig and scrap iron, salt,
i coal, undressed lumber, leather, aud sugar-cane
\ seed for planting: purposes,
; Mr. CESSNA. I object.
: Mr. WOOD. I call for the regular order.
