1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC PRINTING.
- Mr. CAKE. I rise to present a privileged
report. I am directed by the Committee on
Printing to report, for consideration at the
present time, a bill (H. R. No. 1000) providing
for the election of a Superintendent of Public
Printing.
The bill was read a first and second time.
It provides in the first section that the Senate
ana House of Representatives shall elect by
concurrent resolution, or, in failure thereof, by
joint ballot, somecompetentperson, who shall
be a practical printer, to take charge of and
manage the Government Printing Office.
The second section provides that the person
so elected shall be designated Superintendent
of Public Printing. He is to superintend the
printing and binding of the Journals and such
other documents as shall be ordered by each
House of Congress, and is to superintend the
execution of all the printing and binding for the !
respective Departments of the Government |
now required by law to be executed at the j
Government Printing Office ; and he is in all ,
respects to be governed by the laws in force in j
relation to the Superintendent of Public Print- j
ing and Congressional Printer, andtheexecu- j
tion of the printing and binding. >
The third section provides that from and !
after the passage of this act, and the election i
of the Superintendent of Public Printing in
pursuance thereof, the office of Congressional
Printer shall be abolished; and the salary of
said officer shall be at the rate of $4,000 a
year.
The fourth and last section provides that
this act shall take effect from and after its pas-
sage ; and that all laws inconsistent with its
provisions are hereby repealed.
Mr. CAKE rose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Imust
object if this bill gives rise to debate.
✓ Mr. CAKE. It will give rise to no extended
debate.
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged report.
Mr. CAKE. The election and appointment
of the Public Printer are now in the hands of
the Senate alone. Formerly it was an execu-
tive appointment. It is now proposed to give
this House a voice on the subject. My friend,
the chairman of the Committee on Printing,
desires to say a word, and after yielding to him
for a few moments 1 shall call for the previous
question.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, the committee
have authorized the presentation of this report
in obedience to what they believe to be the
rights and privileges of the House, and in no
spirit of hostility to the person now acting as
the Public Printer. It will be remembered that
in 1867, at the time when the Congressional
Superintendent of Public Printing, an office of
the same character with that of the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, was in existence the
appointment to fill that office was made by the
President of tlie United States and the Senate:
but Congress saw lit at that time to change the
law and place the control of this office in the
Senate. And now it has been thought wise and
just to the House itself that an officer bearing
such relation as this officer does to the two
Houses should be chosen by the voice of both
Houses, and it is simply to correct what might
be a mistake in 1807 that this bill has been
introduced.
I desire what I now say to go to the country
in the Associated Press report, and that is this :
we feel it is due to say this much, because of
certain reports that have been floating through
the papers touching the present incumbent
of this office, the present Superintendent of
Public Printing, that no charges have been
offered to and no proof has been presented
before our committee in any way affecting tnc
capacity, the integrity, or the private character
of the present Superintendent^ Public Print-
ing. Having said this much in behalf of our
committee, I assume as one of the Representa-
tives from the Statejvhere the present Congres-
sional Printer formerly resided; to take upon
myself to announce in his behalf that whenever
anysuch charges are made upon authority that
may be deemed responsible, and whenever
such proofs are presented, he will welcome the
most thorough investigation into those charges,
confident the more his record is examined the j|
brighter and better it will appear. jl
Mr. CAKE. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS moved that the bill be laid on l
the table. ;
The motion was disagreed to ; there being, j
on a division—ayes SO, noes 85. ■
The bill was then passed. |
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the vote by |
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
d. AND H. SAYLES.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in the morning hour (this being private-bill
day) was Senate bill No. 47, for the relief of
S. & H. Sayles, which was under consideration
last Friday at the expiration of the morning
hour. The bill directs the Secretary of War
to pay the sum of $88,68815 to S. & H. Sayles,
of Connecticut, in full satisfaction and discharge
of all claims and demands whatever of said par- j
ties upon the Government of the United States i
arising out of the contract made by them in i
the month of March, 1865, to furnish clothing j
for the Army of the United States. !
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask for the reading of j
the report. !
The report was read. It states that the I
claim is submitted to the consideration of Con-
gress by the honorable Secretary of War, who
transmits the report made to him by the board
of officers he had organized to investigate
claims growing out of contracts made with the
War Department. BrevetMajorGeneralJames
A. Hardie was the president of this board, and
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel George Gibson the
recorder. The report further states that this
board seems to have investigated the facts and
circumstances of this case with great care, in-
[ dustry, and patience, and that their report is j
very lull and elaborate. The result arrived at
is that the claim is meritorious and ought to
be paid. The Secretary approves the finding
of the board and recommends the payment of
the claim. The report proceeds to state the
facts of the case ; the claim having arisen out
of a contract awarded to S. & H. Sayles for
furnishing the quartermaster's department, at
Cincinnati, Ohio, two hundred and fifty thou-
sand yards of sky-blue kerseys, Army standard,
at $1 60 per yard.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. 1 now
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and bein£
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. 1
demand the previous question on the passage
of the bill. .
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Comvftittee of Claims a question
or two in connection with this bill. If 1 under-
stand the report correctly it sets out that these j
parties entered into a contract with the Gov- 1
eminent to deliver Army cloths that should !
bear a certain test, and that the cloth delivered i
did not bear these tests and was rejected. Am
I correct?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Sub-
stantially so.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to know what
became of th® eloth when the Government
refused to receive it, under the contract, on
the offer of the parties to deliver ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
gentleman from Missouri would have noticed,
if he had listened attentively to the report,
that the Secretary of War instructed the parties
to dispose of the cloth to the best advantage—
the sale working no prejudice to the claim—
and afterward decided to recommend that the
difference between the amount realized at the
sale and the value of the cloth according to
the contract price should be allowed to the
claimants.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That was whatlinferred
from the report: that the Government refused
to receive this cloth; that it was sold by the
parties, and that this bill recommends that
they should receive the difference between the
proceeds of the sale and the price the Govern-
ment had agreed to pay, provided the cloth
had borne the tests specified in the contract.
This bill is to make up the deficiency to these
parties.
Now then, Mr. Speaker, those being the
facts, I desire to have an explanation or a rea-
son given by the gentleman who reports this
bill why we should pay for an article which
does not come up to the standard specified in
the contract which the parties had entered into
in writing, by which we were bound to take the
goods and pay for them ? We all know very
well the quality of the cloth imposed upon the
Government during the war. I suppose this
cloth to have been of that character. The Gov-
ernment required a certain quality of cloth
from these parties that should come up to the
specified standard. The cloth was manufac-
tured and delivered and inspected, and was
found not to come up to that standard. If I
correctly understand the facts, I can conceive
no moral or legal obligation on the part of the
Government to pay the difference between the
prices they agreed to pay for a certain descrip-
tion of cloth and the prices which the cloth
actually sold for.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I do
not wonder that the gentleman should be some-
what surprised that a report should come from
the Committee of Claims to pay any consider-
able sum of money upon a claim of this nature,
for I confess it is an anomaly, and it is due to
this House that I should_ explain the peculiar
circumstances of this claim.
In the first place, this is a claim which til e com •
mission ordered by the Secretary of War exam-
ined ; and the commission, after having exam-
ined all the facts, reported to the Secretary of
War that it was a claim which ought to be paid.
The Secretary of War, Mr. Stanton, was going
to settle the claim, when this House passed a
resolution taking away the right to settle vari-
ous claims. Mr. Stanton thought that the
House intended to reflect on his course, and
therefore, while he indorsed the finding of this
commission, he considered it best to go to Con-
gress for an appropriation. Subsequently to
that General Schotield became Secretary of
War, and approved the finding of this report,
with the recommendation to Congress that an
appropriation should be made to pay it.
The claim then went to the Senate and had
a full hearing before the committee of the
Senate. This bill was unanimously reported
by that committee, passed the Senate, and was
sent to this House. The Committee of Claims
of this House went to work to see if there was
any ground upon which the claim could be
fairly and honestly rejected. While techni-
cally one of the written specifications of the
contract was not complied with, yet really and
fairly every part of the contract, so far as it
was understood by the Government and by the
parties, was carried out with one technical
exception, which I will explain. When pro-
I posals for bids were sent out all over the coun-
1 try they were accompanied by samples of the
; Army standard, and the request was that all
' the proposals should be to manufacture goods
1 according to the Army standard. Nothing was
