852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
said as to this specific point in the contract
providing for a test, and these gentlemen, with
others all over the country, put in their bids
and sent samples. They agreed to manufac-
ture two hundred thousand yards of cloth
according to the Army standard which they
furnished. They were notified at once by
telegraph that their bid was accented.
There is no question but what they fulfilled
the contract by manufacturing every yard of
cloth they furnished according to the Army
standard and according to the sample. But
afterward, when they had already manufac-
tured a portion of the cloth and it was ready
to be delivered, and they had already got ten
thousand yards on the way, the written con-
tract arrived with this mistake that has been
certified to in it, namely, that the cloth must
endure the strain of a certain weight—ninety
pounds lengthwise, seventy-five pounds diag-
onally, and fifty-five pounds crosswise. When
the manufacturers saw that, they tested their
cloth and said that there was a mistake in the
contract, and that it was an utter impossibility
that the cloth should bear such a strain. They
accordingly declined to sign the contract, but
their agent advised them to sign the contract
and send it to Cincinnati, with the statement
to Colonel Moulton that if he would waive that
point the goods would be delivered, but other-
wise they would not. Colonel Moulton said
that all that was expected was that the cloth
should be manufactured according to the Army
standard. That these parties were willing to
do. It was subsequently found that the test
which had been put into the contract was a
mistake, and, as the report shows, that the
machine by which the test was applied was out
of order, it is admitted that the cloth fur-
nished was equal to the sample of the Army
standard, that it was equal to the best cloth.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin]
is in error in stating that there was any mis-
take about the cloth. If he had attended to
the report he would have seen that the quar-
termaster says that it was equal to if not better
than any Army standard cloth that was ever
delivered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If such was the fact why
did the officers of the Government refuse to
receive it under the contract?
Mr. WASHBUKN, of Massachusetts. Simply
because when the war ended and the Govern-
mentfelt they wanted nothing more done under
contracts they issued a general order, know-
ing nothing about this contract in particular,
to all quartermasters, thatevery contractsliould
bo executed according to its literal terms and
in every particular. Let me say here that if
these goods had been inspected ten days before
the order was issued they would have been re-
ceived and paid for. I wish to say also that
neither the board nor the committee of either
House of Congress has recommended any allow-
ance for any damages. This bill covers only a
little less than one half of the contract. As
,;oon as the contractors were notified by the
Government that they did not want these goods
they slopped, and they simply asked that the
goods actually delivered, and which the Gov-
ernment admitted to be equal to the Army
standard and such as they were to manufacture
under their contract, should be accepted and
paid for. The Secretary of War said that the
Government did not want the goods then, that
the war was at an end, and that the contractors
might go forward and sell the goods to the best
advantage they could. But the House will
understand that these goods were all sky-blue
kersies, and accordingly there was little de-
mand for them in the market, and ihey sold at
a great reduction. Then they came before the
Secretary of War, and an examination was
made by several boards, as I have already
stated.
Then, after this matter had passed through all
the ditferent boards of examiners without a dis-
senting voice, the Committee of Claims inclosed
a copy of their report to General Moulton, and
asked him to inform them whether the state-
ments in it were according t,o his understand-
ing of the matter, and if in his judgment these
parties were entitled to this relief. We also
applied to the quartermaster's department for
information whether there was any good reason
why this claim should be rejected.
General Moulton replied that all the state-
ments in the report were substantially in ac-
cordance with the facts, and that he saw no
reason why the Government should refuse to
pay these parties for this claim ; that even then
the parties would lose nearly as much as the
claim amounted to, because in order to fulfill
the contract they had bought a large amount
of wool and had it colored, and that had been
thrown aside, while this claim was merely for
the difference on the amount that had been
delivered under the contract.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I understand from
the gentleman, what I understood from the
report, that the Government refused to receive
these cloths because they were not manufac-
tured according to the contract between the
Government and these parties; because the
cloths did not come up to the requirements of
the contract. As I understand, that was the
reason the Government refused to receive these
cloths. Now, the gentleman well knows, after
all that has been stated 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] does
not state the case fairly, while I put it just as
it was. I said that a technical clause was put
in the contract, which the Government after-
ward said was a mistake. I stated that the
Government required these goods to be made
according to the Army standard, and every
department, of the Government examining
them has acknowledged that the goods were
so made. This requirement of the contract
which the Government acknowledged was a
mistake was not required wheu the advertise-
ment was sent out, and there never were any
goods inspected by the Government under that
technical clause. The gentleman says that
these parties did not act "according to the
contract." Now, it is admitted on all hands
that they have really fulfilled the spirit of the
contract.
Now, I pretend to say that there is not a
business house in the land which having made
a mistake in a contract, which mistake it
acknowledges to be such, having by mistake
inserted in a contract a requirement which it
was utterly impossible to fulfill, would require
that contract to be carried out according to its
technical provisions.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot say that the
explanation of the gentleman alters my under-
standing of the facts in this case. The fact
remains undisputed that this contract was not
executed on the part of these contractors.
The gentleman says there was a mistake in
the contract. Suppose there was a mistake in
a contract made by the officers of the Govern-
ment, and notwithstanding that mistake these
parties had agreed to the contract with that
mistake in it; then the question comes up,
why did not the Government accept these
cloths and pay for them according to the con-
tract? The gentleman says that certain speci-
fications were required in the advertisement,
and that samples were sent to parties desiring
to submit bids under it. He certainly knows
that all technical objections and mistakes that
preceded the contract were done away with
when the contract was onc&.signed.
Perhaps there was a mistake m the contract;
I do not know whether there was or not; I do
know, however, that these parties assented to
this contract, signed it, and delivered cloths
under it. Having done so, I cannot see any
equity or justice in their coming to Congress
and asking to be relieved from executing the
contract according to its terms.
Mr. WASHBUKN, of Massachusetts. One
word which I should have stated before. Ac-
cording to the terms of this contract these goods
were to be inspected as delivered. These par-
ties went on in good faith and manufactured
these goods as they agreed, according to the
Army standard of cloths. They had no knowl-
edge that their goods were not. satisfactory
until notified that no more goods were wanted.
They had understood that this technical point
had been waived, and supposed that if they
made these cloths according to the Army stand-
ard that would be all that was required of
them. But he supposed when this technical
clause was introduced that it corresponded
with the Army standard. It was afterward
found, however, that such was not the fact, and
in subsequent contracts this technical clause
was omitted. The evidence shows that this
cloth was made in accordance with the Army
standard and would endure all the strain that
was required by that standard.
I think the House understands this ques-
tion, and it is not necessary to occupy time
with further discussion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. _ I would like to ask the
gentleman one question more ; whether the
Government ever received one yard of this
cloth or one dollar of the amount it was sold
for?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. So
far as that is concerned, all the cloth was de-
livered and was taken and put in the store-
house. In oiie respect the Government re-
ceived every yard of it; and these parties have
not asked any compensation for any cloth that
was not thus received. But if the gentleman
means to ask whether the cloth was inspected,
I will say the cloth was not inspected till after-
ward, but it was all received and stored.
Mr. BENJAMIN. None of it was ever used
by the Government?
Mr. WASHBUKN, of Massachusetts. .None
of it was ever used.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to ask a single
question. I have understood, from the read-
ing of the report, that these parties when they
signed the contract, including the specifica-
tions, had some kind of illegal understanding
with the quartermaster that notwithstanding
the specifications he would manage in some
way to have these cloths accepted, even though
they did not come up to the specifications made
in writing, compliance with which he was re-
quired to exact of these parties, and which
they did in fact sign. If I correctly understand
the matter, there seems to have been a kind
of fraud practiced between the Government
officer and these parties at the very moment
they were executing the contract.
Mr. WASHBUIiN, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I regret exceedingly if the House has
drawn any unfavorable impression with regard
to the quartermaster,General Moulton, for there
probably does not exist a higher-minded or a
better man. I will endeavor to explain again
what I meant to say. These parties put m their
bids to make the cloth according to the Army
standard; they were willing to be thus bound;
but when after a large portion of the goods
had been manufactured they saw the contract
containing this technical clause, they tested
their cloth and said that the requirement in
that clause was a practical impossibility. They
therefore, declined to sign the contract if they
were to be held to what was an impossibility.
"But," said they, " if we can be permitted to
make the cloth accordingto the Armystandard,
as we agreed to do when we put in our bid, we
are willing to carry out that agreement." They
proposed not to sign the contract; but they
were advised by their agents in New York to
sign it, and to forward their goods to Cincin-
nati with the understanding that they should
conform 111 all respects to the bids and to the
sample upon which those bids had been made.
The agents at Cincinnati went to General Moul-
ton, who said, "All we expect is that this
cloth shall be manufactured according to the
Army standard." But General Moulton sup-
posed at the time that these specifications and
the Army standards were .equivalent. It was
