854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Mr. POTTER. Was there only one election
held?
Mr. BURR. Only one election.
Mr. POTTER. Was but one ballot voted ?
Mr. BURR. Only one ballot, and it was
"for members to the Congress of the United
States." They presented certificates signed by
General Meade, then in command in Georgia,
and were admitted to the last Congress. But
Governor Bullock has since issued certificates,
based on the same ballots cast at the same
time, without designating two terms, to these
gentlemen as Representatives in the Forty-
First Congress. These facts were all before
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman will allow me
to correct him on one point. It is true that
Governor Bullock has furnished these gentle-
men with certificates, but in his certificates he
does not even venture to say they have been
elected to the Forty-First Congress ; but he
declares them to be entitled " to take session,"
as he calls it, in Congress, without designating
any particular Congress.
Mr. BURR. My colleague is correct in that.
Neither of the certificates designated the Con-
gress. We hold that at the close of the Fortieth
Congress they -were functus officio.
Mr. CHURCHILL resumed the floor.
Mr. KERR. I would inquire of the gentte-
man if it is not also true that there was nothing
either in the reconstruction laws or in the laws
of Georgia that authorized at the time the elec-
tion was held the election of members of Con-
gress to any other than the Fortieth Congress?
Mr. CHURCHILL. There was nothing so
far as my examination has gone. I now move
the previous question on the adoption of the
resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee of Elections was agreed to.
Mr. CHURCHILL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the morion to reconsider be laid
011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I move that the report
of the committee be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
cleric to a committee.
Mr. ARNELL. I rise to make a privileged
report. The Committee on Accounts have
instructed me to report the following resolu-
tion :
Sesolvecl, That House resolution of December 21,
18(39, bo so amended as to insert the Committee on
Invalid Pensions entitled to a, clerk, at $180 per day.
I move the previous question on the resolu-
tion. ;
The previous question was seconded and the !
main question ordered; and under the opera- j
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to. !
Mr. ARNELL moved to reconsider the vote j
by which the resolution was adopted; and also j
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid |
on the table. 1
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union I will yield for a few minutes to gen-
tlemen who desire to introduce bills, &c.
hot springs reservation', arkansas. !
Mr. ROGERS. I ask the unanimous con- j
sent of the House that the bill of the Senate |
(S. No. 05) in relation to the Hot Springs
reservation in Arkansas be taken from the
Speaker's table and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ORTH. I object, unless it may be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands
or to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. ROGERS. The bill involves a purely
judicial question. It does not propose to dis-
pose of the lands.
Mr. ORTH. I object.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Mc-
Carthy for six days.
message from this senate.
A message from the Senate, bv Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed without amendment House
bill No. 985, to amend an act entitled '' An act
to admit the State of Virginia to representation
in the Congress of the United States."
The message further announced that the
Senate has passed a joint resolution (S. R. No.
108) to authorize the President to permit Wil-
liam L. Hanscom, late a naval constructor of
the Navy of the United States, to withdraw his
resignation of that office; in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
election' contest simpson vs. wallace.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I send to the Clerk's desk a report from
the Committee of Elections, and ask that it be
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
The Committee of Elections, to whom was referred
the case of A. S. Wallace vs. \V". D. Simpson, from
the fourth congressional district of the State ofSouth
Carolina, by virtue of the following resolution of the
House of "Representatives, to wit:
" Jiesolved, That the claims of A. S. "Wallace and
William 1). Simpson to a seat in this Congress he
again referred to tho Committee of Elections, to bo
examined and reported ou upon the merits of the
case as presented,"
Report that they have considered said case, and
reaffirm their report made on the 1st day of April,
1869, (Report No. 5, firstsession Forty-First Congress,)
saying that the said Simpson is unable to take the
oath of office prescribed by the act of July 2,18S2;
and ask to be discharged from tho furtlior consider-
ation of the claim of said Simpson, except so far as
his allegations and proof may negative tho claims of
said Wallaco to a seat in this House.
Mr. PAINE. I move that the report just
read be printed, and that the recommendation
of the report be concurred in by the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] understand the
resolution of the House with reference to
members-elect who cannot take the test-oath,
to prevent the Committee of Elections from
reporting a bill in any case waiving the neces-
sity of taking the test-oath?
Mr. PAINE. The resolution to which the
gentleman refers provides that in all contested-
election cases referred to the Committee of
Elections in which it shall be alleged by a
party to the case, or a member of the House,
that either claimant is unable to take the oath
prescribed in the act approved July 2, 1862,
entitled "'An act to prescribe an oath oi oflice,
and for other purposes," it shall be the duty of
the committee to ascertain whether such dis-
ability exists; and if such disability shall be
found to exist, the committee shall so report
to the House, and shall not further consider
the claim of the person so disqualified with-
out the further order of the House; and no :
compensation will be allowed by the House to
any claimant who shall have been ineligible to
the oflice of Representative to Congress at the
time of Ihe election, and whose disability shall
not have been removed by act of Congress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What I desire to get
at is this: does the resolution of the House
absolutely bind the Committee of Elections to
make a report like this and stop any further
inquiry in the case? If so, then I think that
resolution should be repealed.
1 do not know anything about this particular
case. But suppose a case should be presented
where a mau is elected by an undoubted major-
ity of his constituents to a seat in this House,
and for some technical reason he cannot take
his seat here, although in all other respects he
is a worthy man, a good Union man, and well
disposed toward the Governmentnow although
he may have been in some way connected with
the rebellion; in such a case ^s that cannot |
the Committee of Elections report a bill or
resolution waiving the test-oath and relieving
hira from his technical disability "
Mr. PAINE. I now understand the gentle-
man. I will only remind , him of what he
knows already,, that there is a sub-committee
of the Committee on Reconstruction, whose
special duty it is to examine and report upon
all cases of the applications of persons for
relief from political .disabilities.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is, disabilities
under the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution- of the United States.
Mr. PAINE. And until Congress shall have
relieved persons who cannot take the iron-clad
oath of their political disabilities under the
resolution of the House, as it now stands, it will
not be competent for the Committee ot Elec-
tions to talse any further action upon their
claims to seats iu this House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The sub-committee
of the Committee on Reconstruction has refer-
ence more particularly to disabilities under
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution,
which is very different from this test-oath.
Mr. PAINE. It includes all disabilities.
The gentleman will remember that all or nearly
allot' our bills upon that subject cover all dis-
abilities of the persons for whose relief the
bills are passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I recollect that
when the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] was chairman of the Committee of
Elections he reported resolutions to relieve
certain members-elect from the necessity of
taking the test-oath.
Mr. DAWES. There is a law that all whose
disabilities have been removed shall take a
particular oath prescribed by that law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 am aware of that;
but did not the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] while chairman ofthe Committee
of Elections, report resolutions or bills reliev-
ing members-elect from taking the test-oath in
one or two instances?
Mr. DAWES. That was done previous to
the passage ofthe general law. The latter was
the result of those proceedings, if my recollec-
tion is correct
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The general lav/, as
I understand, was for the benefit of those dis-
abled under the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, there should
undoubtedly he some committee charged with
the duty of considering cases of this kind. It
might have been the Committee of Elections,
but it happens to be the Committee on Recon-
struction, And the Committee of Elections
not only has no authority to report a bill for
the relief of disabilities, but by the express
terms of the re&olution to which 1 have referred
is prevented from making any such report.
I find that I have been misunderstood on one
point. I did not mean to ask that the Com-
mittee of Elections should be entirely relieved
from the consideration of this case. 1 meant
to ask that they should be discharged from the
consideration of the claim of Mr. Simpson, ex-
cept so far as his allegations and proofs may
affect the claim of his opponent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood
the matter.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman from
Wisconsin allow me to ask hiin a question?
Mr. PAINE. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL. If the Committee on Re-
construction should at some future time report
a bill, which should be passed by Congress,
removing the disabilities of Mr. Simpson and
Mr. Reitl, what would then be their status in
this House or before the Committee of Elec-
tions ?
Mr. PAINE. They would then, of course,
be relieved from all disabilities, and if they
should be found to have a majority of the legal
votes would be entitled to seats m this House.
And it is competent for this House under that
resolution to instruct us-at any time to inquire
into the merits ofthe claims of these gentle-
men ; and it would also be competent for the
House at any time to relax the provision of
that resolution in favor of these or any other
claimants.
