1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
almost like the innumerable stars fading away
at dawn in the sky, the spirit of Mammon, the
least erect of all that fell from Heaven, crouched
in the rear and pursued his calling and drove his
fell contracts. He brooded over, his treasures
until the calamities of life, of homes, and of
families swelled them into twofold proportions.
In the midst of the mighty throngs such as the
eye of man hath not seeu in all the ages that
are gone in the shadowy past, pressing forward
to save the emblems and the unity of the Re-
public, he was doling out to them as they passed
into the tempest one dollar and extorting their
obligations for more than two.
If the sons of toil and moderate means could
afford their lives and the widowhood and
orphanage of their homes for the supremacy
of.the Union, how much more could the mas-
ters of wealth afford to divide their substance
and give of their abundance in the same great
cause! The duty of the citizen is in propor-
tion to the protection which he receives. The
capitalist has the benefit of Government more
than the humble laborer, who has little to be
guarded by the law. To the bondholder much
had been given. The Government in its pros-
perity had fostered liim with its blessings; he
had become by its nurture as one of the princes
of the earth in affluence and splendor, and
over all his gains and accumulations the Gov-
ernment held a sleepless guardianship and as-
sured him theenjoymentofliis wealth in safety.
' But when the deadly peril of dissolution came
upon us no sentiment of gratitude to that Gov-
ernment, no generous or just recognition of
its protecting hand animated the hard and
bitter selfishness of hoarded capital. It relied
upon the people to uphold a cause of more
absolute value to it than to any other interest.
They who now hold our bonds not only de-
pended upon the patriotism of others to main-
tain the shaken foundations of the Republic
under whose care they had waxed so fat and
strong, but they turned the great and sacred
occasion to traffic and multiplied their posses-
sions. Neither the money nor the money-
changers came forth to the conflict. Hearts
bounding with warm affections and brains
filled with visions of peaceful aud happy years
sprang up from every little spot, from away
up in the dark pines of Maine, to the far-off
mouth of the Columbia river, and gave all that
God enabled them to give. They were taken
and the brokers of the nation's credit were
left. The throbbing pulse is still and the
bright eye is dark; but above and around the
graves of heroes who died for glory and not
for gain speculation is busy, reaping its double
harvest from the hallowed blood which they
ghe(^
But, Mr. Chairman, there is another feature
in the creation of the national debt which ^de-
mands consideration in this connection. The
system of flagrant, injustice which I have thus
far exposed has its final and fitting climax. I
have shown the enormous speculation made
in the purchase of the bonds, a clear profit of
over fifteen hundred millions. I have demon-
strated that this vast sum is absolutely so
much out of the pockets of the people foi
nothing ever paid out of the pockets of the
bondholder. But was greed and cunning and
malignant avarice content with this stupendous
plunder ? Did shame, or remorse, or honor, or
forbearance seize the obdurate heart of capital
and arrest it in its career of merciless exactions ?
Did the nature of Shylock relent or the edge
of his knife grow dull when the consideration
of his bond was tendered twofold in the Vene-
tian court? Not so. There was one more
blow to be struck at the victim, there was one
more stab to be inflicted upon the helpless
cause of labor. The usurer with all his gains,
liis bonus, and his usuries, still withheld his
money from the aid of his Government until
its bonds were placed in his hands as so mr?°"
property exempt by law from taxation. _ I he
advantage which he took of the necessities of
the Government not only doubled his estate,
but released it also from all future burdens in
its support. This wrong upon the people is
sueh an aggravation of their other injuries in
this connection that it is difficult to speak of
it in terms of moderation. Itisa crying, burn-
ing infamy. Taxation stalks up and down all
the land with hungry, ravishing strides, like
some famished beast of prey, and commits its
ravages on every substance save that .which is
richest. It pursues every footstep and haunts
all the humble and obscure ways and wants of
the people. It knows no sleep nor rest from
weariness or surfeit. Its hard, tithing hand
is laid on every moment of life's journey, from
the cradle of the children bora to toil and of
toiling parents to their graves in the closing
twilight of old age. There is no sign on the
door-posts of the poor to guard away the angel
of extortion from their homes. The tax-
gatherer is as ever present as the breath of the
pestilence when cities and nations "wail its
stroke.'' He goes with the husbandman to the
counter of the merchant, and there gathers
in for the bondholder on every purchase made
for the necessities of a family. The shirtings,
the flannels, the calicoes, the muslins, the
delaines, the bonnets, the hose, the cassi-
meres, the cassinettes, the boots, the shoes, the
buttons, the thread, the needles, the pins, the
hooks and eyes, and the eyelets, have all been
taxed from forty to two hundred per cent.; and
the amount paid upon them lias been put in
their price for the consumer finally to pay.
The collector of revenue walks by the side
of the farmer in his daily labor and reaps a
golden income for the holders of a spurious
debt from the plowshare, the hoe, the sickle,
the scythe, the reaping-machine, and the
mower j the wrought-iron finish of the wagon,
the chains, the clasps, the buckles, and the
bridle-bits of the harness ; the iron teeth of the
harrow, the many-tined forks, the grain-shov-
els, and the shoes on the horse's feet. He
goes into the shop of the mechanic and puts a
twofold tariff price on the saws, the augers, the
knives, the planes, the anvils, the hammers,
the tongs, and all the utensils of those who
work in wood and brass and iron. He sits
down at meal time with the laborer at his table
and points out to him that his knife and fork
and his unpretending plate3 have cost him
double because of the bondholder's demands
upon them before they came into use. The
coffee, and sugar, and tea at this frugal board
have paid their twenty-five to fifty per cent, to
the Government, aud the very salt that savors
the bread and meat of the people, aud the coal
which warms their humble abodes are en-
hanced in their prices by the present system
of tariff taxation from one hundred to one
hundred and twenty-five per cent, over their
real intrinsic value. Water itself, the flowing
fountains of life without which human nature
sinks and dies, is not free. The pump with its
machinery, the windlass with its chains that con-
trol the wells, and the buckets which come and
go from the springs, and the cups from which
thirst is at last quenched, all stand their levy of
an exorbitant per cent. Nor is this insatiable
system any respecter of persons after it leaves
and passes by the proud, the rich, and the ex-
alted. The soldier who has left an arm on the
field of battle has no exemption in behalf of the
labor of the hand which remains. It toils as
best it can to be ready for the demands of the
tax-gatherer, while the other lies perishing in
the ground far away where swept the stormy
and headlong charge under the bright folds of
the blessed flag. The pallid and stricken widow
in her lowly tenement of sorrow and bereave-
ment knows not the abatement of one farthing
on the part of the revenue official or the laws
of Congress becauseof her irreparable sacrifice;
the sacrifice of him who made life warm and
beautiful to her, but who now sleeps in some
distant spot with his cherished face turned
upward towards the flowers that bloom oyer
him. The child bereft of a father's guiding
and sustaining care by the fierce havoc of war
finds.no privilege for its earnings and posses-
sions against the grasp of taxation. The vet-
eran of the entire- conflict, who has returned
to finish the journey of life upon one leg, pays
tribute to the Government and to the owner
of exempted bonds on the very crutches which
bear him in pain along our streets.
And when the citizen of this ill-governed
land, whether he has been a soldier in the field
or a laborer at home, passes away from this
scene of treadmill slavery he invokes in vain
the shelter of the tomb. Between the chamber
that was darkened for the closing momenta
and the quiet cemetery on the hill his unburied
remains are made to pay tribute, for the brief
passage. The snowy shroud that co.vers him
up for his long sleep, and tho coffin and the
screws, and thescrew-driver which fastens down
the lid over the still, cold face, have all paid
taxes which n ow fall on the earnings of the dead
within. And when all is over, and friends
turn away and leave him alone forever in his
dark and narrow bed, the officer of the revenue
still plies his trade in the midst of: the broken
household. The letters of administration, the
bond, the inventory, the bill of sale, the sale,
the report, all pay toll to privileged wealth as
the estate proceeds to final settlement. The
tombstone, if one is raised, concludes this
dismal drama by paying a heavy tax for the
privilege of keeping watch as a loving memo-
rial over the dust that reposes below.
In this terrible, minute, and universal man-
ner of visitation there was extracted from the
labor of this country during the year ending the
80th of June, 1869. according to the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, the sum of
$366,928,402 for the support of the Federal
Government aud the further enrichment of a
frightful monopoly. The heavy load of State,
county, and municipal taxation rests upon the
same industrial classes. To uphold the thirty-
seven local governments into which this Union
is divided, and the still smaller corporations
of cities and counties and townships under
them, is costing the American people an addi-.
tional amount of $250,000,000 per annum.*
Thus for each seed-time and harvest of the^
revolving year the toiling men and women of
this Republic pour into the coffers of taxation
the vast aggregate of $610,928,402.
Annual Federal taxation $366,923,402
Annual State and local taxation   ./ou.uu-i.uuu
Total per annum .$016,923,402
There is no language within the scope of the
human tongue that can exaggerate the over-
whelming significance of these reliable figures.
The great fact stands out with the awful dis-
tinctness of a mountain upon a plain that no
people beneath the circle of the sun, between
the two poles of this fertile globe, are taxed so
deeply upon the earnings of their hands as this
people whose Representatives we are. Tlie
official statistics of the five great Powers of
Europe and of all the withered and ancient
realms of Asia and Kgypt bear constant wit-
ness to this dreadful truth. The submissive
subjects of the oldest and wealthiest kingdoms
and empires of the earth are not so heavily
laden as the citizens of this young, free nation,
and they walk more erect in the presence of
their task-masters.
Sir, in the face of all this, standing in the
presence of these mighty facts, from which there
is no escapc, how shall I characterize that policy
which makes free from all tax or tribute more
than one tenth of the property of the United
States, property that cost less by one hall than
any other to obtain it, yields double the interest
elsewhere derived, and is owned by those who
dwell in the palaces, of the land ? Vv ith what
patience shall I speak of those who stand idly
by and behold the long processions of industry
! filing out to their daily task; who look on witu
i folded arms of indolence while school-houses
I are erected and highways built; who out of
; their easily and ill-gotten millions contribute
not a farthing to their State or their local bur-
