mo.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
corner-stone of the new Administration. The
President spoke under the inspiration and in
the powerful interest of unscrupulous wealth
and against the equality and the rights of labor
He ranged himself on the side of heartless
monopoly and against the lowly and the poor.
He reared the banner of extortion overall the
realms of industry. He declared himself the
advocate of those who gather in from the peo-
pie what they never paid out to the Govern-
ment. He knew, or should have known, that
the Government had received less than four-
teen hundred millions for the sale of its bonds,
as I have shown. In the interest of fraud and
usury he announced a plan by which, if ad-
hered to, the toiling tax-payers will be com-
pelled to pay for that less than fourteen hun-
dred millions the almost incalculable sum of
$4,470,918,930—an amount equal to one fifth
of the entire property of the United States;
an amount more than three times as large by
actual computation as the advancement made
■by the purchasers of bonds when the nation
was bowed down in despair for the want of
money. This illimitable scheme of plunder
proclaimed by the Executive is destitute of the
slightest support either in equity or in law. Is
it equitable to compel a patriotic, self-sacri-
fieing people to pay the national debt nearly four
times-over to a privileged class who never sacri-
ficed one drop of blood, one dollar of money,
Sronemoment'seaseto hold fast the unbroken
boundaries of the Republic ? That it is not
legal I will presently demonstrate.
The second plan in the order of my con-
sideration is of more recent origin. At the
opening of the present session of Congress the
Secretary of the Treasury laid his report on
our tables. It announces a small deviation
from the present system. There is an attempt
to lead the laborer into the belief that some-
thing at last is to be done for his benefit. The
principle of funding is introduced and strongly
urged. It is gilded over with the proposition
to place the rate of interest at four and one
half per cent. He says:
" The five-twenty bonds, amounting in the aggre-
gate to $1,602,671,100, are eitherpayable or will soon
become payable."
This constitutes over three fourths of our
bonded debt, even at its fictitious face. The
importance, therefore, of its payment is at
once apparent. The plan of the Secretary
reaches only $1,200,000,000 of this amount,
and for the remainder he advances no theory.
Let us examine, however, how the tax-payer
wjll be _affected by what he does suggest.
The provision which he asks is that new bonds
be issued payable in coin ; $400,000,000 due
in twenty years, §400,000,000 due in twenty-
five years, and $400,000,000 due in thirty
years; that these bonds shall be exchanged
for those now outstanding, and that they bear
interest at four and a half per cent, in gold.
This is what is known as funding the debt at
a lower rate of interest. I call upon each one
who hears me to make a calculation. By this
plan at the end of thirty years, when the last
installment falls due, the people will have paid
in gold interest the sum of $1,350,000,000,
being $150,000,000 more than the principal
which is thus funded, without reducing the
principal a single farthing or having a single
cent of their hard earnings applied to its pay-
ment. This policy signifies the repeated satis-
faction of the debt without ever effecting a
release from its unending demands. After a
bondage of thirty years the labor of the country
will be no nearer a land of liberty and rest than
it is now. After thirty years of ceaseless exer-
tion the people will still be in a wilderness of
taxation as thick and dense as that in which
they wander and mourn to-day. The mortgage
of the bondholder on all their homes and farms
and flocks and herds will yet remain exactly as
heavy as itis at this hour. Their children and
their children's children will grow up around
them subject to the same undiminished bur-
dens ; their estates will descend to their pos-
terity loaded by the same incumbrances that
now rest upon them. The debt will become a
permanency as a lasting investment for idle
capital pensioned on the industry of the nation.
Its final liquidation is not contemplated nor
desired by those who own our bonds and con-
trol the policy of the present Administration.
Interest, interest, with its ceaseless, silent,
frightful accumulations, will compel the tax-
payer to pay it over and over again, and yet it
will never be canceled. The principle of fund-
ing establishes an inexhaustible mine of gold
for the bondholder and an eternity of hopeless
toil for the people. It is the doom of slavery as
absolute and perfect as ever wrung unpaid,
reluctaut labor from any race of any color or
kindred. It is whip, the scourge with which
cruel and unrelenting task-masters from year
to year and from age to age will drive the
American laborer to his daily servitude. It
has long been known in England, and there
enslaves the multitude and supports the nobility
in indolenceand luxury. It isasfixed and per-
manent, too, as the British monarchy itself, and
will come to no speedier end. Its introduction
into our laws will create a rank of American
nobility founded upon wealth and fix the badge
ot serfdom upon the industrious citizen. It will
totally subvert the entire spirit, meaning, and
purposes of our institutions. They were made
by the people and for the people in the broad-
est sense ajid not to enrich and elevate the
favored few. The funding system, therefore,
I hold to be the worst known in financial his-
tory. It will never receive my support.
1 come next, however, to present a third way
in which many minds now concur in thinking
that the national debt might with entire justice
be met. I approach now the ideas of plain and
honest people who believe that the capitalist
who made no sacrifices for his country should
receive no more than his own ; that he should
have no vast and swelling speculation upon what
he advanced to his Government, when every
other class advanced so much more than he
did ; that he is not a proper subject for public
charity ; that the mighty bounties which 1 have
pointed out should not be bestowed upon him ;
that he has no claims to be fed as a pensioner,
and that if he was paid back exactly what his
bonds cost him, with lawful interest on that
amount, he should bo fully and amply content.
This would be thorough and absolute equity,
and might lawfully be done under the contract.
On the chancery side of the court there is
always relief to be found against an extortion-
ate transaction. This is a weli-known princi-
ple between private individuals. It will hold
good also in behalf of a whole people. They
have been imposed upon and defrauded in the
creation of the debt, and they may justly and
without breach of the contract appeal to the
great equities of the case. By the adoption of
this principle the debt diminishes and shrivels
away at once to comparatively narrow propor-
tions. My calculations already made demon-
strate how much of it is fiction, existing on
paper alone and destitute of consideration.
The day may now draw near when the usurer
will gladly accept this proposition—take what
alone is his due in the sight of God and man,
and ask leave to withdraw from the great high
court of public opinion, where I lodge this
arraignment, and where I plead for iustice to
all.
But I now take my stand on the fourth and
last plan, which I shall discuss. It embraces
the payment of the debt, the relief of the peo-
ple, the fulfillment of the contract, and the
preservation of our national honor. It is con-
tained in the following upright and noble res-
olution adopted by the Democracy of Indiana
assembled in State convention on the 8th day
of this month:
" That we arc willing to pay our national debt in
strict compliance with our contracts whether it wan
made payable in gold or greenbacks, but we are
unwilling to do more than that; and we declare that
the live-twenty bonds are payable in greenbacks or
their equivalent; and we condemn the policy of the
Administration, which is squandering millions of
money by baying such bonds at a hiA .rate of pre-
mium when the Government had the clear right to
redeem them at par."
On this doctrine I pla.nt myself with an ab-
solute faith in its legality and justice. Thelaw
which authorizes the issue .of the" national cur-
rency here mentioned says in very plain and
simple words that it is "legal tender fo'r all
debts, public and private, except duties on im-
ports and interest on'the public debt." If the
people, therefore, owe anything else besides
duties on imports and interest on the public
debt the currency named in this resolution is
a legal tender for its payment. This is inevit-
able and conclusive logic and calls for no elab-
oration. It is unanswerable. It rises at once
by a bare statement to the full force of a
demonstration. The bonds themselves contain
no stipulation on their face for gold. They
appear as any other contract to be satisfied by
the payment of lawful money.
This view of the law was not confined until
recently to the party whose standard I follow.
It was very common among the leaders and in
the ranks of the majority ou this floor until the
incoming of the present Administration pro-
claimed a new departure in the interest of un-
taxed capital. The Senator from Indianahim-
self [Mr. Morion] was its advocate, and the
party of which he is so distinguished a member
laid it down as their creed in their State con-
vention two years ago at Indianapolis. The
same position was assumed by the same party
in Ohio under the sanction of one of its Sen-
ators, [Mr. Sherman,] so long the chairman of
finance in the Senate. But who will ever forget
the support which this construction of the law
received here in this body? Do you not still
hear thehotand bitter eloquence of your great-
est leader? Do you not freshly remember when
the trenchant tongue of the celebrated member
from Pennsylvania, Mr. Stevens, pronounced
here in this presence that any other construc-
tion was a swindle and a robbery? The dis-
tinguished gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] is here and can answer if his views have
changed into harmony with the Administration.
Sir, am I not supported by ample testimony
and by many competent witnesses? Though
they now fall off and abandon the cause of the
people and follow the banner of extortion at
the command of the Executive, yet the record
still survives to show what was their free, un-
biased construction of the contract. Though
this House in March last enacted the wretched
farce of attempting to inject a new meaning
into a law then seven years old by declaring,
under the guidance of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, [Mr. Schenck,]
that the whole debt as it appears on paper was
payable dollar for dollar in gold, yet there
stands the law, and there stands its interpret-
ation as given by him, who, as the then chair-
man of the Committee on Ways and Means,
drafted and defended it, Mr. Stevens.
Mr. WOODWARD. If my friend from
Indiana will excuse the interruption, I would
suggest that he does not do exact justice to the
gold bill. It excepts from its operation all
debts where the law of their creation provided
for payment in currency. It did not change
the question as to the five-twenties an iota.
Mr. VOORHBES. Its attempt then failed.
The law stands as it did before. The distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania, whose
opinion as a jurist is so valuable, I am glad to
know intends to add the great weight of his
opinion to the position which I maintain. I
thank him for doing so.
The law, then, being plain and beyond doubt,
what are the results which would flow from its
enforcement ? The five-twenty bonds, amount-
ing to over sixteen hundred million dollars,
are falling due now and will continue to do so
during the next fifteen years. An issue of
currency for their payment, according to the
demands oftrade and business fromyear toyear,
would brighten the face of the whole country
