1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
pare even the book of estimates with book of
estimates of each year, because the book of
estimates has in it this $18,000,000 of esti-
mated Post Office revenues.
"Agreeably to a, joint resolution of Congress, of
January 7, 1846, X have tho honor to transmit esti-
mates for civil service, including tho expenses of
foreign intercourse, internal revenue, courts, loans,
public domain, deficiency in the revenues of the
Post Office Department, [not the whole estimate,]
and all other expenditures, except for pensions,
Indian, and the War and Navy Departments, &c."
* * ~ < "3303,000,000."
Not including the expenditure of nearly eight-
een million dollars for the Post Office Depart-
ment which would come in from postages, the
whole amounts to $303,000,000. The gross
total, therefore, should have been $320,000,000
at least; but the gentleman compares the
$303,000,000 with the $331,000,000, leaving
the $17,000,000on the one side, bat not taking
in the corresponding amount iu the official
report on the other side.
Now, Mr. Chairman, when the gentleman
had before him the reports of the two Secre-
taries, why did he not say, "The Secretary
of the Treasury estimates the entire expendi-
ture of this Government for the next year at
$291,000,000, while the Secretary of the
Treasury under Mr. Johnson's administra-
tion estimated the expenditure for the last at
$303,000,000.'' That is the true statement on
the face of the reports; and therefore our Sec-
retary of the Treasury—and I take pleasure in
calling him by that title of party companion-
ship—makes an estimate $12,000,000 less for
the next year than what was estimated by Mr.
Johnsou's Secretary of the Treasury for last
year. Then, if the gentleman pursued his
investigations, he would find that Mr. John-
son's Secretary of the Treasury left outin that
estimate of$303,000,000the entire $18,000,000
of the Post Office revenues, which are put this
year in the estimates.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
understand that my time has expired.
The CHAIRMAN. I understood the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Con"geh] to yield
twenty minutes of his time to the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He yielded
me the balance of his time.
Mr. CONGER. I yielded the balance of
my time, forty minutes, to gentlemen on that
side of the House, understanding that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
would occupy twenty minutes of that period.
1 yield the remaining twenty minutes to the
gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. I propose when I am entitled
to the floor to move that the committee rise.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When I
have finished the few additional remarks I
have to offer I will yield the balance of my
time to my colleague from the Worcester dis-
trict, [Mr. Hoar,] as I had agreed to do.
Mr. HOAR. I propose, when 1 am entitled
to the floor, to move that the committee rise.
Mr. DAWES. When my colleague who is
now addressing the Chair [Mr. Butler] has
closed his remarks, I claim the privilege ot say-
ing a very few words, and X hope my colleague
on my right [Mr. IIoau] will not intervene to
prevent me.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts from the Worcester district [Mr.
Hoar] was recognized by the Chair as entitled
to the floor; and he now moves that the com-
nnttee rise.
Mr. HOAR. I vield all the time I have left
to my colleague [Mr. Butler] except one
minute. .
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. yhau-
man, I desire lo say that while 1 occupied an
hour and twenty-five minutes, my colleague
[Mr. Dawes J took over two hours yesterday,
besides the time that was given him before. I
desire now only a little further time to bring
this matter before the country) and I as
it was nay friend who commenced the debate
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 55.
that I should be allowed to go on. The Chair
and the committee will remember that I asked
leavo to make these explanations yesterday
while my colleague had the floor, and although
these statements of figures only which I then
desired to make would not have come out of
his time, because he had unlimited time at his
disposal, then he steadfastly and steadily re-
fused to have one word said or one explana-
tion made.
Mr. Chairman, with your leave, I will pro-
ceed. My colleague undertook to charge me
with inconsistency in this: that I first declared
that the estimates of Andrew Johnson's Secre-
taries were intended to embarrass the adminis-
tration of General Grant, by being lower than
they knew tlicy could carry on the Government
for, and that then, in the Committee on Appro-
priations, I proposed to cut that estimate still
further down $20,000,000. And he seemed
to think he had made a point at the expense
of his party and at my expense upon that
ground. But, sir, I had said that they made
their estimates without taking into account the
unexpended balances of appropriations at the
end of the then fiscal year; and t.herfeupon he
says to me.'' Who ever heard of this unexpended
balance of appropriations before? When were
they ever brought to the attention of the House?
Who ever thought that the Committee on Ap-
propriations acted upon them ?" 1 assume the
gentleman did not know anything about these
balances. If he had he never could have spoken
of them ia the way ho has. But those unex-
pended balances, which in Mr. McCulloch's
letter are put at $51,000,000, are in this book
of estimates of last year $156,000,000 j and we
did take those unexpended balances into con-
sideration when we made our appropriations
last year.
I will, upon this point, appeal to a gentle-
man whom I see before me, [Mr. Kelsey,]
who was my associate upon the Committee on
Appropriations last year, and will ask him to
correct me if I am wrong. I ask him if we did
not cut down the appropriations for the Navy
Department $10,000,000, on the strength of the
$10,000,000 unexpended balance in the Navy
Department, and the appropriations for pen-
sions $11,000,000, on the strength of the $11,-
000,000 in the Pension Office then unexpended ?
Did not we send to Mr. Welles, anddidnothe
revise his estimates in view of our action upon
those balances, and bring in new estimates,
which are now paraded before the country by my
colleague ? It I am wrong in this let me be cor-
rected. My late colleague assents. I am right.
Iknow well whereof I affirm. We did take into
account the unexpended balance of $27,000,000
in those two Departments alone, and those
$27,000,000 which Andrew Johnson's admin-
istration had on hand are now used by my col_
league as part of the evidence^ in support of
the charge of extravagance against the admin-
istration of General Grant as compared with
that of Mr. Johnson, because these $27,000,000
which he had on hand do not appear in his
estimate which my colleague takes for com-
My colleague proceeded to say further yester-
day that there had been expended on all the
navy-yards only $491,000 last year. 1 hat my
colleague knows nothing about. When he says
only so much was expended, he means appro-
priated, and thus misleads. Novf, I holdm my
hand an official paper, showing the fact, that on
the 1st of July, I860, there was m the Navy
Department to the'eredit of the appropriations
for navy-yards the sum of $4,942,000, at least
five times as much as my colleague stated was
expended last year. And sir, when yesterday
1 offered him this official and authoritative
statement while he was making his speeca,
instead of receiving it, he said 'I do not want
any aid in making my speech. That was his
answer. If it had been made to mo only when
correction was offered him, I should have sup-
posed that it was because of personal feeling
As it was made to others when he had unlimited
time, I suppose it was because he did not desire
to make a true statement of facts, but only to
make a plea as an advocate, in the endeavor to
sustain his charges.
But, again, he complained with much empha-
sis that those unexpended balances were the
unexpended balances of July 1, 1868, and
that was two years ago. I agree that they were;
but when did we make those appropriations ?
In December, 1869, for the next fiscal year
beginning in June, 1869, and ending in July,
1870, and they were balances standing at the
end of the last preceding fiscal year to guide
us in making appropriations, so I could take
no others.
Now, Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the
committee, I have done my duty upon this
question, and 1 have no fear of what the result
will be during the six or eight months which
the country will have to examine these facts and
figures before we enter upon the canvass for
our return here as members of the Forty-Sec-
ond Congress. I am sorry to have disturbed the
equanimity of any gentleman who thinks that I
have taken too long a time in debate. I do
not think I have done so, considering all the
time that has been given to my colleague. But
I do desire in closing to ask, him, if he ever
speaks again upon this subject, to answer these
questions: first, did you know at the time you
read these estimates in your speech, to show-
to the country that $331,000,000 were the esti-
mated expenditures of the Government, that
the Secretary of the Treasury, the official organ
of the Administration, had reported to this
House that $291,000,000 only were needed, or
$40,000,000 less were needed than you stated?
Did you know that fact, and if so, why did you
not state it, in justice to the Administration,
before you attacked the propriety of official
conduct of every man at the other end of the
avenue from the President down ? Second, did
you not know that yon were comparing the
estimates of this year with the Post Office rev-
enue, estimated at nearly $20,000,000, in-
cluded against the estimates of last year with
the Post Office revenue estimated at nearly
$18,000,000 excluded? If you did know these
facts, why did you not make the proper and
just corrections, and if you did not know them
why speak at all? I now yield the remainder
of the hour to my colleague, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. I desire to move that the com-
mittee rise, bat my colleague, [Mr. Dawes,]
the chairman of tho Committee on Appropria-
tions, desires to make a statement, which he
says will take one minute. I yield to him for
that purpose. ,
Mr. I)AWES. Mr. Chairman, I sought the
floor merely to state that I did not, think it was
in the power of my colleague, [Mr. Butler.]
by anything that he could further utter upon
the floor of the House upon this subject, to
involve me in further debate upon it.
What I have said upon this subject has gone
to the country. What my colleague has said
upon the rsubject has gone to the country. I
do not desire to add one word to or qualify
anything I have said, and I am content with
the judgment of the country ; I am prepared
and ready to move on to the work.
Mr. HOAR. 1 move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. LOGAN. J would like to ask one ques-
tion of the chairman of the committee, and it
is this: whether the floor has been farmed out
especially for all the hours allowed for debate,
so that.' no man except those who have been
agreed upon can be permitted to speak on this
question? ,
The CHAIRMAN. That is a question the
Chair caimotanswer; the Chair has noknowt-
edge on that subject.
Mr. ELDIIIDGE. I move that the com-
mittee now rise. . , ,
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is already
pending, having been made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
The motion was agreed to.
