1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
By Mr. COOK: A petition of citizens of
Utica, Illinois, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. FARNSWORTH: The memorial
and papers of George S. Gustin, for additional
bounty.
By Mr. FERRISS: The petition of William
G. Barnard, for relief.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: A petition of
the St. Louis Medical Society, praying for
."ncreascd rank to naval medical officers.
By Mr. G1LFILLAN: A petition of the
officers of the Crawford County Medical So-
ciety of Pennsylvania, praying that the proper
rank may be accorded to medical officers of
the Navy, &c.
Also, a petition of citizens of New Bethle-
hem, Clarion county, Pennsylvania, praying
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Al o, one of like import from citizens of
Spartansburg, Crawford county, Pennsylvania.
Ako, from citizens of Cooperstown, Venan-
go c&unty, Pennsylvania, of like import.
Also, from citizens of Crawffird county,
Pennsylvania, of like import.
Aluo, from citizens of Sharpsville, Mercer
county, Pennsylvania, of like import.
Also, a petition of citizens of New Lebanon,
Mercer county, Pennsylvania, of like import.
By Mr. GOLLADAY : A petition of sundry
eitizens of Grider, Cumberland county, Ken-
tucky, in favor of abolishing the franking
privilege.
By Mr. HALDBMAN: The petition of
Griffith Jones, Langhorn Wistar, and others,
citizens of Duncannon, Perry county, Penn-
sylvania, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Dillsburg,
York county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HALE: A petition of citizens of
Calais, Maine, asking for legislation for the
relief of American shipping.
By Mr. HAY: Petitions from Clement and
Lebanon, Illinois, praying that the franking
privilege be abolished.
By Mr. HILL, [Omitted from yesterday's
report:] Petitions for the abolition of the
franking privilege from 5,G38 citizens of the
following-named towns in the fourth congres-
sional district, and from Newark, New Jersey:
Wykerton, Livingstone, Hohokus, Morris-
town, Middleville, Ogdensburg, Waterloo,
Fairview, Schraalenburg, Bellville, Crossville,
Windham, Bloomingdale, Drakesville, Ram-
sey's, Closter, Boonton, Deckertown, Water-
ville, Fort Lee, Stony Brook, Madison, Still-
water, Rockaway, Flanders, Walpack Center,
Chester, Branchville, Layton, Rutherford
Park, Saddle River, Papakating, Stanhope,
Pompton Plains, Orange, Hackensack, Green-
village, Sparta, West Melford, South Orange,
Wawayanda, Milburn, Coldwell, Newton,
Budd's Lake, Chatham, Lafayette, Newark,
Bast Orange, Cardstadt, New Vernon, Smith's
Mills, Walnut Grove, Millington, Hamburg,
Newfoundland, Irvington,_ New Bridge,
Drakestown, Hibernia, Lodi, Hanover, Little
Falls, Passaic, Pompton, Whippany, Mont-
chair, Paterson, Dover, Englewood, Stock-
holm. _ TT
By Mr. HOAR: The petition ofW. B. Har-
ris and others, of West Boylston, Massachu-
setts, for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of C. W. Hodges and
others, of Foxborough, Massachusetts, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J ames Allen and others,
of Daleham, Massachusetts, for the abolition
of the franking privilege. . ,
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of Hon.
Smith Vawter and 151 others, citizens of
Vernon, Jennings county, Indiana, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Wallis Wilson and 54
others, citizens of Elizabethtown, Bartholomew
county, Indiana, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of Colonel J. F. Vaughn
and 200 others, citizens of Laurenceburgh,
Indiana, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, the petition of Charles Jolley and 80
others, citizens of Logan, Dearborn county,
Indiana, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, the petition of William Swift and 37
others, citizens of Dover, Dearborn county,
Indiana, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, the petition of Captain Samuel M.
Jones and 46 others, citizen of Versailles,
Ripley county, Indiana, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Robert Haddock and
51 others, citizens of Bright, Dearborn county,
Indiana, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, the petition of William Jennings and
42 others, citizens of Spadea, Ripley county,
Indiana, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of George W. Elrod and
54 others, citizens of Blrod, Ripley county,
Indiana, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of. Garrett Bosee and 30
others, citizens of Farmers' Retreat, Dearborn
county, Indiana, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: A petition
of citizens of Grant county, Kentucky, to
abolish the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bellevue,
Boone county, Kentucky, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of the
iron and steel works of Birmingham, Connec-
ticut, for reduction of duty on steel, and
against increase of same.
By Mr. KERR : The memorial of Asa F. L.
Jones, John T. Yeager, and 150 others, citi-
zens of Harrison county, Indiana, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also,the memorial of Tobias Moser,Matthew
Churchman, and 12 others, citizens of Byrn-
ville, Harrison county, Indiana, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of Ad-
mirals Farragut and Porter and 74 others,
officers connected with the United States Navy,
praying Congress to enact a law to divide the
retired and reserved lists into two classes, &c.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of Major
Beniamin F. Reynolds, for relief.
By Mr. McCARTHY: The petition of N.
S. Griggs and 59 others, citizens of Harford
Mills, Cortland county, New York, praying
Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of W. P. Vanvetchen and
39 others, citizens of Elbridge, New York,
praying Congress to abolish the franking privi-
lege.
Also, the petition of Elisha ID. Sabin and 53
others, citizens of Howlett Hill, New York,
praying Congress to abolish the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri: A peti-
tion of furniture manufacturersand dealers in
upholstery materials in the city of Boston,
asking Congress not to raise the duty upon
imported hair-seating or hair-cloth.
Also, a similar petition from furniture manu-
facturers and dealers in upholstery materials m
the city of New York. _
By Mr. McCRARY: The petition of Charles
Hirt, late musician in sixth regiment Iowa
infantry volunteers, and late private m thirty-
seventh regiment Illinois infantry volunteers,
praying to be placed on the pension-rolls.
Also, the petition of Michael Costello, late
private company B, thirty-seventh regiment
Iowa infantry volunteers, praying to be placed
on the pension-rolls. .
By Mr. McGREVV: A joint resolution of
the Legislature of West Virginia, opposing a
reduction of the duty on foreign coals.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Captain
James M. Adkisson, ofTennessee, praying to he
reimbursed pay and expenses of recruiting.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bull Run, Ten-
nessee, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: The peti-
tion of C. P. Abbott, postmaster, and 157
citizens of Woodbury, New Jersey, to abolish
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of N. N. Stratton and
others, of Mullica Hill, New Jersey, to abolish
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. E. V. Piatt and
others, of Bridgeport, New Jersey, for the
repeal of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MERCtJR : A petition of 58 citizens
of Macedonia, Bradford county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition of 66 citizens, of Dushore,
Sullivan county, Pennsylvania, praying for tht;
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of C. G. Jackson, C. It.
Woodin, and others, citizens cf Berwick, Co-
lumbia county, Pennsylvania, praying that n
careful and searching examination be made
of the allegations and data upon which Ilou.
D. A. Wells, Special Commissioner of the Rev-
enue, bases his erroneous conclusions in regard
to the operation of the tariff laws.
Also, a petition of 73 citizens of Wilmot,
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 92 citizens of Orcutt Creek,
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 70 citizens of Taeeyville,
Wyoming county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 179 citizens ot Canton,
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 42 citizens of Overton,
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 43 citizeDsof North Lome,
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 41 citizens of Corney
Flat, Wyoming county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 43 citizens of Franklin-
dale, Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of Messrs. Stitt & Underfill!, woolen
manufacturers, of Little tails, New York, and
507 of their employes, praying that a special
and searching examination be made of the alle-
gations in the report of Commissioner Wells.
Also, the petition of the Saxony Woolen
Company, manufacturers of woolen flannel,
and 72 employes, expressing the belief that the
pretended statistics of the Special Commis-
sioner of the Revenue will be found to be erio-
neous upon examination, and praying for such
examination.
Also, the petition of John M. Zook and Joi
others, protesting against any change in tlio
tariff laws suggested by a free trade league
representing alien interests, and praying for a
reduction of duty on tea, coffee, and other
necessaries not produced in this country.
By Mr. MUNGEN: The petition of James
K. Agnew and 114 others, citizens of Wyan-
dot county, Ohio, for the abolition of the frank-
'"^yllr.^IBLACK: The memorial of John
Hendricks and 99 others, eitizens of 1 eters-
burg, Indiana, praying for the abolition ot the
franking privilege. .. .
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of William
Flowers and others, of Bangor, Maine, for the
abolition of all OS-P?? n j n ,
Also, the petition of W. and others,
of Brewer, Maine ; and of Theodore laylor
and others, of Burlington, Maine, for prepay-
ment of all domestic postages.
