868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Also, the petition of Amanda L. Strong, of
Maine, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Francis Milton, of
Oldtown, Maine, for a pension for services in
the war of 1812.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of Ziba A.
Marsh and others, of Bridgewater, Vermont,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Rev. Josiak Divoil
and others, of Vermont, praying for an amend-
ment to the Constitution so that the supremacy
of God and the authority of His word be ac-
knowledged therein.
Also, the petition of John Pelch and others,
of Passumsic, Vermont, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. POMEROY: Thepetitionof George
Hammond and others, of Le Grand, Marshall
county, Iowa, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of E. 0. Thompson and
others, of Rock, Cerro Gordo county, Iowa, for
the same purpose.
By Mr. REEVES : The petition of Eugene
W. Davis, George C. Corwin, D. M. Corwin,
and 38 others, citizens of Suffolk county, New
York, for an appropriation to improve the
channel of Peeonic river, in said county.
Also, the petition of Marcus B. Hands, Clark
L. King, Daniel B. Soper, and 48 others, citi-
zens of Amagansette, Suffolk county, New
York, for the abolition of the franking privi-
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
of Lincoln, California, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Contra Costa
county, California, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Florin, Cali-
fornia, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of San Leandro,
California, for the same purpose.
By Mr. SMITH, of Ohio : A petition of cit-
izens of Miamiville, Hamilton county, Ohio,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Farmers' Sta-
tion, Clinton county, Ohio, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of George W. King and
others, citizens of Georgetown, Brown county,
Ohio, fortheabolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Fincastle,
Brown county, Ohio, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Loveland, Cler-
mont county, Ohio, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pancoastberg,
Fayette county, Ohio, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Leesburg,
Highland county, Ohio, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Newmarket,
Highland county, Ohio, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: The petition of
John Wilson, of La Motte, Jackson county,
Iowa, and 41 others, citizens of that place and
vicinity, asking for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. SPINK: The petition of Enos
Stutsman and 21 others, citizens of Pembina,
Dakota Territory, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. STILES: A petition of citizens of
Ilatboro', Montgomery county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Spring House,
Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, to the same
effect.
By Mr. STRADER : The petition of Dr. A.
E. Heighway and 10 physicians of Cincinnati,
Ohio, praying for a law to regulate the rank
and privileges of the medical officers in the
Navy.
By Mr. STRICKLAND : The petition of
A. R. Bradbury, of Menominee, Michigan, and
39 others, for aid for the Deer Creek and Mar-
ble Quarry Railroad Company.
Also, the petition of H. P. Bird, of Oconto
county. Wisconsin, asking the right of way for
Deer Creek and Marble Quarry Railroad Com-
pany ; and asking a grant of land to aid in the
construction of said road.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of Amos
Sage and others, of Forrestville, Connecticut,
and of George J. W ood and others, of Ellington,
Connecticut, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, remonstrances of Pratt, Whitney & Co.,
It. F. Blodgett & Co., and Francis & Co.,
of Hartford, Connecticut, against any further
duties on imported steel.
By Mr. SWEENEY: A petition of citizens
of McLean county, Kentucky, for the abolition
of the franking privilege. , .
By Mr. WARD: A petition of 1,046 citizens
of the twenty-seventh congressional district
of the State of New York, in favor of abolish-
ing the franking privilege.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The petitions of David Peck, and 50 others, of
Sunderland, Massachusetts, and C. W. Warren
and 100 others, of Gardner, Massachusetts,
praying for the total abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of John
A. Clarkand 34others, citizensof Wadsworih,
Medina county, Ohio, asking the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of A. Obcrlioltzer and 82
others, citizens of Poe, Medina county, Ohio,
on the same subject.
Also, the petition of W. H. Backus and 47
others, citizens of Oberlin, Ohio, on the same
subject.
Also, the petition of H. M. Redington and
400 others, citizens of Elyria, Ohio, on the
same subject.
Also, the petition of Orlando Wilcox and 150
others, citizens of Hinckley, Medina county,
Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of J. F. Smith and 45
others, citizens of Holtnesville, Holmes county,
Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of William Jones and 29
others, citizens of Black River, Lorain county,
Ohio, asking the reduction of taxes on ship-
building materials.
By Mr. WINANS: The petition of C. C.
Norton, postmaster, and 29 others, citizens of
Selma, Clarke county, Ohio, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
^By Mr. WITCHER: The petition of John
W. Appleton and 50 others, citizens ofWald-
ingfield, Kanawha county, West Virginia, pray-
ing the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of W. Noys and 80 others,
citizens of Roane county, West Virginia, and
J. E. Slottings and 75 others, citizens of Boone
county, West Virginia, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 29, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m., Mr.
CauBCHiLLin the chair asSpeakerpro tempore.
Prayer by the Chaplain, R,ev. J. G. Butler.
The reading of the Journal of yesterday was
began, when
Mr. CESSNA moved that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE IT ROM THE SENATE .
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlis,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (S. No. 435) for the tempo-
rary relief of the poor and destitute people in
the District of Columbia, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
ORDER OF liUblNESS.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A greeably to
the order of the House, the only business in
order to-dav is debate as in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union upon the
President's annual message. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Williams] is entitled to the
floor.
GOVERNMENTAL CONTROL OF RAILROADS
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, the subject
which I design at this time to discuss before
the House is one.involving no party or political
feeling. It is a subject reaching far beyond
any copsidetation of that kind. Ispeak to-day
for the laboring agriculturists of the great
West, who are unrepresented upon this floor.
I speak upon a subject which is now exciting
the interest of the whole population of this
country from ocean to ocean. I speak in
anticipation of that great battle which «re long
is to be fought in this country between labor
and combined monopolies—a battle which in
the importance of its results is excelled only
by the great battle which was fought in the
mind of Milton between the archangels and the
adversary of man. The question now to come
before this country is whether its toiling mil-
lions, as the tax-gatherer pays his periodical
visits, shall be borne down with oppression by
these moneyed monopolies and their earnings
taken to fill the coffers of the aristocracy.
On the 20th of December last I had the
honor to introduce a resolution touching the
constitutional power of Congress to regulate
for the protection of the agricultural interests
of the great Northwest the charges for freights
and passengers upon railroads passing through
two or more States. That resolution, which I
make the foundation of my remarks to-day, is
with its preamble as follows:
Whereas it is the duty of the Congress of the United
States to allord protection to all the industrial, manu-
facturing, and mechanical interests of the eountiy
equally: and whereas by the construction and con-
solidation of extensive lines of railway, extending
from the sea-board to the agricultural States of tho
West, and extending through two or more States;
and whereas such railway companies by their con-
solidation have become such gigantic monopolies as
to control tho entire lines of transportation from the
producing States of the West to the eastern markets;
and whereas by their regulation of freight tariffs on
their several lines of railways they have adopted
such exorbitant, oppressive, and unequal rates lor
tho transportation of the agricultural and other pro-
ductions of tho West as to consume in charges in
transit moro than one third of their entire value,
while the manufacturing interests of the East are
protected by a tariff on imports of foreign goods
coming in competition with the manufactures of the
Unites States, thereby discriminating against the
agricultural and other productions of tho West, com-
pelled to seek amarketat tho sea-board; and whereas
by the eighth section of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States it is provided, among the enumerated
powers of legislation vested in Congress, that the
Congress shall have the power to regulate commerce
with foreign nations and among the several States ;
and whereas doubts may exist whether under the
Constitution Congress has the power to regulate and
limit the rates of freight on lines of railways passing
and extending through two or more States: There-
fore,
Unsolved, That tho Judiciary Committee be in-
structed to inquire into the constitutional power of
Congress to legislate, or to enact such laws as shall
protect the great agricultural and other producing
interests of the West, by limiting tho rates of tarilf
on such productions from tho West to the sea-board
where said railways extend through two or more
States, and to report the result of such inquiry to
this House for further action.
Anticipating an affirmative report when the
same shall be made from the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and from an examination of the highest
judicial decisions bearing upon that question
since its introduction, which I find embodied
in the very able report made to this House on
the 9th of June, 1868, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals by its chairman, Mr. Cook,
I am clearly of the opinion that Congress does
possess the power to protect the commerce
among the States, by limiting the rates of
charges on freight and passengers in all cases
where railroads extend through two or more
States, and where they become the avenues over
which is transported tho commerce of the
country.
Commerce among the States may be defined
to be the interchange of merchandise or com-
mercial commodities between .two or more
States. The section of the Constitution to
