1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
which I refer says that Congress shall have
power to regulate commerce among the sev-
eral States. The purpose and true construc-
tion of this provision of the Constitution I in-
sist gives to Congress full power to do and per-
form all things necessary in the way of legis-
lation to insure to commerce its unrestricted
transit from one commercial point to another
where the same is transported through two or
more States by any means of transportation,
whether by water or by land. The power to
regulate commerce, under this section of the
Constitution, I assert gives to Congress the
right to charter and incorporate (he channel
through which the commerce of the several
States shall pass as full and complete as the
commercial wants shall require additional
channels of transportation, and includes the
right unquestionably to regulate and limit the
rates of charges for freights and passengers.
Any other construction of this provision of the
Constitution would give to the States the power
to fetter commerce and bind her to a local pol-
icy, by which each State by her legislation might
embarrass or totally destroy the commerce of
the several States by unfriendly legislation.
Indeed, one of the motives which prompted
the framing of the Constitution was to pro-
hibit the States from the embarrassing legis-
lation which might result from local jealousies
with their sister States and local interests
coming in conflict with the other States, pre-
venting free commercial intercourse upon a
uniform basis of equity and justice to the inter-
state commerce of the country.
Congress has always exercised the power to
prevent the obstruction of our navigable water-
courses which were used for the transportation
of commerce between two or more States, and
the constitutional power to do so has been
settled by numerous judicial decisions. (Works
vs. Junction Railroad, 5 McLain, 52G; Jolley
vs. Terry Haute Railroad Company, 6 McLain,
237: Tlevoevs. Penrose Ferry Bridge Company,
o American Law Jurist, 79.) Mr. Cook says
very truly:
" The power given to Congress in the Constitution
to regulate commerce among the States is an unqual-
ified power, not limited to any particular branch nor
restricted to any specified instruments of commerce.
Tbo power conferred is not a power to regulate navi-
gation, but the power to regulate commerce, and it
commerce be not limited to the interchange of com-
modities and the intercourse of persons by bouts an>l
vessels, or by navigable waters, then the power of
Congress is not limited to the legulation of naviga-
tion only. The necessity is the same for the exercise
by Congress of the power to regulate commerco car-
ried on by railway as that carried on by steamboat.
The reason for the power is the same. Tho grant
of power in the Constitution applies, by its terms,
equally to both. Commerce among theseveral States
is not at this day exclusively or even mainly carried
on by water; other instruments of commerce arenovv
used unknown to the framers of tho Constitution, but
which seem as plainly within the letter of tho Con-
stitution as the instruments of commerce winch were
known to the framers of that instrument. In tho case
of Gray v*. The Clinton Bridge Company, reported in
the American Law Register for January, 18(13, Mr.
Justice Miller, of the Supreme Court oi the United
States, says: . ... . .
" ' iSr avigation. however, is only one of the elements
of commerce. It is an elementof commcrce because
it affords the means of transporting passengers and
merchandise, the interchange of which is commerco
itself. Any other mode of effecting this would he as
much an elementof commerce as navigation. When
this transportation or interchange of commodities is
carried on by land it is commcrce as well as when
carried on by water, and the power of Congress to
regulate it is as ample in the one case as in the other.
The "commerce among theStates" spoken of m tne
Constitution must, at the time that instrument was
adopted, have been mainly of this character, for tho
steamboat, which hascreated our great internal com-
merce on the rivers, was then unknown. ^ ,
"'Another means of transportation equal m iin-
portamee to tho steamboat has also come into exist-
ence since the Constitution was auoptcd, a means by
which merchandise is transported across States and
kingdoms in the same vehicle in which it started,
'i'iie railroad nowshareswith the steamboat tho mo-
nopoly of the carrying trade. The one has,with great
benefit, been subject to the control oft salutary c°n-
gie.s^ional legislation bceause it is an instrument oi
commerce. Is there any reason whythe other should
i.ot? However this question may be answered in
regard to that commerce which is conducted wholly
within the limits of a State, and is therefore noitoer
foreign commerce nor commerce among the btates,
il s.-ciiij to me that where these roads beeome parts
of great highways of our Union, transporting a com-
merce which embraces many States and destined as
some of these roads are to become tho channels
through which the nations of Europe and Asia shall
interchange their commodities, there can he no rea-
son to doubt that to regulate them is to regulate
commerce, both with foreign nations and among tho
States, and that to refuse to do this is a refusal to
discharge one of the most important duties of the
Federal Government. As already intimated, the
shackles with which the different States fettorod com-
merce in their selfish efforts to benefit themselves at
the expense of their confederates was one of the main
causes which led to the formation of our present Con-
stitution. The wonderful growth of that commerce
since it has been placed exclusively under the con-
trol of the Federal Government has justified thowis-
dom of our fathers. But are we to remit the most
valuable part of that commerco again to the control
of the States, and to the consequent vexations and
burdens which the States may impose through whose
territories it must bo carried on ? And must all this
be permitted because tho carrying is done by a
method not thought of when the Constitution was
framed?
"' For myself, I must say that I have no doubt of
the right of Congress to prescribe all needful and
proper regulations for tho conduct of this immense
traffic over any railroad which has voluntarily he-
come part of one of those lines of interstate commu-
nication, or to authorize the creation of such roads
when the purposes of interstate transportation of
persons and property justify or require it."'
Mr. Speaker, there are numerous other judi-
cial decisions that might be cited in support
of the constitutional power of Congress to regu-
late the interstate commerce of the country,
by giving to the fast and rapidly developing
commerce of the interior States from the sea-
board such protection as shall permit them to
transport their productions to market upon
terms as fair and equitable as the other States
bordering on the sea-board. My motto is equal
rights for the agriculturist as well as the man-
ufacturer, and to do this it is the duty of Con-
gress by appropriate legislation to prohibit
combined associated railroad monopolies from
extorting and black-mailing the producing
States of the West to enrich the gold-gamblers
and stock-jobbers of the East, who own and
control these gigantic monopolies, and the only
way to do this is to limit the charges on freight
from the West to the eastern markets to a fair
and reasonable rate.
I am not claiming that on the subject of
regulating commerce among the States Con-
gress possesses the power to fix; or limit the
rates of charges of freight or passengers on
roads wholly within the boundaries of a State.
But I do insist that Congress possesses the
full and complete authority, under the provis-
ion of the Constitution to regulate the com-
merce among the States, to limit the rates of
freight on these continuous lines of railways
extending through two or more States; and
the millions of the producers at the West
demand of the American Congress the ex-
ecution of that authority. Congress not only
owes this imperative duty to the producers of
the West but to the millions of the laborers
of the East, who toil in your factories and
are fed out of the abundance of the produc-
tions of the great West, the storehouse of the
empire, she who offers to feed all Europe if
you will but say to her "You shall be protected
against these soulless and godless corporate
monopolies who are drinking the life-blood of
her industry by extortionate chargcs on the
transportation of her productions to market."
Mr. Speaker, we are told that this power
to limit the tariff on railroads has never been
exercised by Congress. Admit it. And why/
At the adoption of the Federal Constitution
railroads were unknown; but as the advancing
tide of civilization went westward to people its
great plains, States equal to empires ol them-
selves sprung into existence with a soil unsur-
passed in fertility anywhere on the face of the
globe: and to-day the great \Y est. at the adop-
tion of the Constitution the home of the red
man, is proclaimed the granary of the world.
Many of these States are remote from the sea-
board, the commerce of which must pass over
these extensive and continuous lines of ^rail-
ways owned and controlled by railway kings,
whose motto is submission to our extortionate
charges, or your wheat, oats, and corn may rot
in your granaries without a market.
Sir, are we told to point to the precedent
where Congress have legislated limiting the
rates of freight and fare on ournavigable rivers ?
I answer there never has been a necessity on
the part of Congress for such legislation ; the
navigation on our great rivers was open to
competition to the world, and no monopoly
would or could become so large as to control
the navigation of our rivers. But, sir, the rail-
road monopolies are vastly different. Within
the last five years, the four great lines of rail-
ways from New York and Philadelphia west
have become consolidated, and these consoli-
dated lines of railways extend through four or
five States to the city of Chicago, a distance
of one thousand miles, and new consolidations
are talked of extending to the Pacific railway
at Omaha. These four lines of railways con-
trol the carrying trade six months in the year
from the States of Minnesota, Iowa, Wiscon-
sin, Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio, of their entire
productions seeking a market at the sea-board,
a commerce, sir, of near one thousand millions
in value per year; and I assert that these four
monopolies, by their extortionate charges upon
the productive industry of these States, have
chained in their coffers of unjust gains over
ten million dollars during the year 1809 by
their high and exorbitant charges. Shall this
licensed larceny be continued by Congress
under the plea that the right of eminent domain
is in the several States, and that Congress
has no right under the Constitution to protect
twenty million people and their productions
from the merciless grasp of these blood-suek-
ing vampires? Is it possible that a Constitu-
tion made by our fathers and amended fourteen
times by their sons, is so weak and defective
in its provisions that twenty millions of its
laboring population must become hewers of
wood ana drawers of water for four gigantic
monopolies, who, by important franchises and
consolidation of continuous lines of railways,
control the transportation of the wealth of one
fourth of the country; and whose extortionate
tariffs are as unchangeable as the laws of the
Medes and Persians, only to be increased as
the avarice and cupidity of its managers .dic-
tate ?
Sir, look at this vast commerce of the West,
around which these monopolies cling with as
fatal results as the anaconda coils around his
victim. There were shipped from the city of
Chicago, during the year 1869, to the sea-board,
as the official statement of the Board of Trade
will show, the following: barrels offlour, 3,099,-
192; bushels of wheat, 16,362,712; bushels of
corn, 28,273,^97; bushels of oats, 17,417,178;
bushels of barley, 1,952,131; making a total in
bushels from that one port, for the year 1809,
77,052,181 bushels.
There was shipped from the city of Toledo
for the same year, as appears by the official
statement sent me by the Board of Trade, grain
as follows : 930,110 barrels of flour; 7,080,300
bushels of wheat; 4,003,930 bushels of corn ;
1,351,057 bushels of oats ; 101,079 bushels of
rye; 380,407 bushels of barley; making a total
of 18,173,417 bushels. Passed through by rail
and not transhipped, flouraud wheat, 2,389,540
bushels; making a total shipment of cereals
alone from the West from these two cities in
18C9 of90,125,548 bushels of grain. Estimating
one half of this to be transported by railroad it
would amount to 48,502,774 bushels. By an
examination of the market it will be seen that
when wheat is worth eighty-five cents atChicago
it is quoted and sold in Philadelphia and New
York at si 20 ; making a difference between
the two cities of thirty-five cents per bushel.
Counting five percent, as commissions, these
railroad monopolies receive for transporting
48,502,774 bushels of grain the sum ot !jl4,-
508,312.
The shipments from the two cities of Chicago
and Toledo, during the year 1809. not taking
