870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
into calculation the shipment of merchandise
from the East to the west, or the residue of
farm products, cattle, &c., shipped over said
lines, which, at a fair and remunerative com-
pensation, could be carried for less than nine
million dollars. It will thus be seen thatthe four
through lines from Philadelphia and NewYork
to Chicago have pocketed the sum of $5,668,312,
to be divided to the watered stockholders of
these corporations or to be used in gambling
in the stock market in Wall street, every dol-
lar of which is the unjust gains taken from the
producers of the West. And are we to be told
there is no "balm in Gilead?" Is there no
physician there? Sir, Congress under the
power of the Constitution is the physician, and
on behalf of the millions of the agriculturists
of the West and of the laboring operatives of
the East, who are the consumers in part of
these products, I demand the application of
the remedy. The prescription may be nauseat-
ing to these monopolies and the remedy may
deplete the well-filled pockets of railroad kings,
but the life of our western commerce demands
the application, or the vital energies of com-
merce will die and it will be said of us, " You
knew your duty and did it not."
Mr. Speaker, an examination of the full
extent of our interstate commerce would as-
tonish the world. The following statement of
the value of imports and exports from the
city of Toledo for ten years past will show to
some extent the growing commerce of the
West; and I append it hereto for the consider-
ation of such as desire to examine it, and to
show that the star of empire is on its western
march:
Imports. Exports.
1868 8179,452,650 $197,814,241
1867  167,786,626 185,145,096
1866  161,652,597 181,329,496
1865  158,967,000 177.547,671
1864   81,180,366 95,905,758
1860   40,727,754 52,243,627
1858   31,700,085 35,460,031
The imports from 1858, $31,700,085, have
increased to $179,452,650. Exports from 1858,
$35,460,031, have increased to $197,814,241.
I regret that T am nnable to give the exact
shipments of the productions of the western
States which are transported by railway from
Cincinnati and St. Louis and Detroit to the sea-
board ; but estimating them in a corresponding
ratio with the two cities named I am warranted
in saying that the unjust and enormous charges
of the railroad monopolies imposed unjustly
on western commerce for three years passed
would amount to enough to construct and equip
a first-class double-track freight railroad from
the city of New York to the city of St. Louis.
And I am free to say that as a last alternative,
should these combined monopolies prevent
the proper legislation to limit their tariffs on
roads now constructed I am in favor of a char-
ter being granted by Congress for the construc-
tion of a great national freight highway be-
tween the cities named, with the right of Con-
gress to limit its charges and regulate its tariffs
so as to protect the interstate commerce among
the several States, and if necessary to secure
its completion give to it congressional aid by
proper subsidies, that commerce shall go free,
unrestricted by tariffs of these combined mo-
nopolies, to the consumers at the the sea-board.
Kir, when these great interests of commerce
appeal to Congress to exercise the power under
the Constitution for their protection are we to
be told, sir, that the right of eminent domain
belongs to the States, and that Congress has no
power to charter corporations for the purpose
of meeting the demands of an increasing com-
merce without cringing like whipped spaniels
at the feet of a State, or that Congress has no
power to regulate commerce among the sev-
eral States so as to restiict or limit the charges
for freight or passengers on coutinuous lines of
railways traversing two or more States ; or, in
other words, that there is no power in the Con-
stitution express or implied to protect the
commerce of the country, and that thirty-eight
million people must bow submissive at the feet
of railroad monopolies, who are without God
and without hope in the world?
Sir, the doctrine of State sovereignty being
supreme over the sovereignty of the General
Government was forever settled by wager of
battle in the civil war through which the nation
but lately emerged, when treason surrendered
its last sword on the surrender of Lee to your
chieftain Grant, and the people of the United
States have consigned it with slavery, that gave
it birth, to its final and ignoble grave, and with
the pen of iron and the blood of your murdered
patriots have written upon its tombstone no
resurrection forever.
Sir, when the time shall come, and I pray
God it may not come in my day, when these
State-right abstractionists shall ingraft that
policy on our statute-book—that the combined
capital of railroad monopolies shall plant its
iron heel of oppression on the necks of forty
million of the people of my country, whose best
energies are being devoted to develop its vast
resources and make it preeminently the proud-
est nation on the face of the globe—sir, then
there will come up a party in this land ignoring
all political associations, throwing aside party
tenets, who will assert the true principles of
the Constitution and overturn all parties who
have proved recreant to the Constitution and
the commercial interests of the country, as
Christ overthrew the tables of the money-
changers in the temple.
Mr. Speaker, I ask members of this House
to reflect and ponder well the results which
will follow the doctrine of the right of eminent
domain in the States, which will, as they say,
exclude all power of the Constitution to per-
form this great national work of protecting the
commerce of the country against monopolies.
Sir, what will you do when the territory now
traversed by the Pacific railroad shall become
States, and to which near sixty millions of the
money of the tax-payers of the nation have
been given as subsidy to enrich its stockholders
and open up a highway to the Pacific for the
commerce of the world? Will the power of
Congress cease to control or regulate its traffic ?
Sir, if the doctrine of the right of eminent do-
main belongs to the States, when that event
shall take place your power to legislate for the
Pacific railway, to protect your commerce in
transit from ocean to ocean, ceases, and you
add to the list of these monopolies the monster
who, like the rod of Aaron, swallowed up the
rods of the magicians, will swallow up all the
others, and dictate to an empire the price at
which it will transport the productions of Asia
and of the Pacific coast to your own great
markets, or the works of the artisan of New
England and Pennsylvania to the Pacific, then,
sir, these railroad kings will "laugh at your
calamity and mock when your fear cometh."
Sir, I remember when treason planted its
huge columbiads on the heights of Arlington
and pointed at the flag waving from the Dome
of this Capitol, threatening the destruction
of the citadel of liberty, the Chief Executive
of the nation said there was no power in the
Constitution to coerce a State or preserve the
life of the nation, and a great party of this
country shouted "Hallelujah, amen;" but,
sir, the loyal masses of the Republic arose in
the majesty of their power and declared by a
solemn oath before &od that the life of the
nation should be saved. They, sir, girded on
the armor of war and the earth trembled
beneath their mighty tread, and after four long
years of terrible war the life-blood of three
hundred thousand patriots sealed the covenant
that stands out to the world to-day in vindi-
cation of the Constitution of the fathers and
the right under it to preserve its own vitality.
And now to-day we see Mississippi and Geor-
gia and other States whose hands were once
red with the blood of our heroes coming into
the Union, and as they behold our glorious
ensign floating from the nation's Capitol, cov-
ered with stars and throwing out scintillations
of light to the oppressed people of the world,
bowing at the feet of the Constitution in all
humility, with ashetupon their heads and sack-
cloth upon their backs, repeating in the pres-
ence of Republican power the old Presby-
terian hymn:
" And are wo yet alive,
And do we still rebel?
'Tis wondrous, 'tis amazing graee
That we are out of hell."
[Great laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, in sight of your own capital is
a practical solution of the effect of this doctrine
that the Constitution by reason of the right of
eminent domain in the States cannot charter or
incorporate arteries of trade through and over
which the commerca of the nation may pass.
I mean the Baltimore and Ohio railroad—a
monopoly without soul, body, or parts purely
spiritual. See this mighty monopoly, which
has grown rich and impudent over the spoils
stolen from the visitors and business men of
the States who come to legislate for your
country or pay a visit to the tomb of Washing-
ton. Sir, at the city of Baltimore the traveler
is met with the tax-gatherer of this monster
monopoly and he does not give you time to
ask the question, " Is it lawful to pay tribute to
Csesar?" but says, " Your thirty cents, sir, into
the treasury-box of Garrett, or you shall not
behold the capital of the nation." The tax-
gatherer who stands in the great highway to the
nation's capital is a man of extensive rotundity
and brazen effrontery, and his name, as I have
indicated, is Garrett. He says to every citizen,
" You must pay thirty cents into my coffers or
you cannot go to Washington." I fancy as he
complacently places the proceeds of this lar-
ceny in his pocket I hear it sing as it reaches
its destination at the bottom, " Farewell, vain
world; I am going home." [Laughter.]
That railroad corporation cannot do even as
the publican. It does not even come before
Congress and say "have mercy on me a sinner;"
but, like the Pharisee, itstandsin the templeand
says, " I thank God I am not as others are ; I
have received $3,000,000 capitation tax from
the people, and paid not one cent to the General
Government." And it is not like any other
corporation in the country, for it was the only
corporation in the country that refused to com-
mute the fare of the soldiers who came patriotic-
ally to defend the Government and to save even
that road itself from destruction. Like Shyloclc
it always clamored for its pound of flesh, even
when the country was bleeding at every pore.
To show how little deserving of respect or
favor this bloated corporation is I have only
to call attention to the following correspond-
ence, proving that at the time which tried
men's souls Garrett and his monopoly took
sides with the rebels against the Union:
Baltimore, Maryland, April 19,1861.
Sir: We advise the troops now here be sent back
to tho border of Maryland.
Respectfully,
GEORGE W. BROWN, Mayor.
By order of the Board of Polico.
CHARLES HOWARD,
President oj Board of Police.
John W. Gakrett, esq.,
President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.
To this letter the following reply was made:
Most cordially approving this advice. I have in-
stantly telegraphed the same to tho Philadelphia,
"Wilmington, and Baltimore Railroad Company, and
this company will act in accordance therewith.
Your obedient servant,
3. W. GARRETT, President.
AprillS, 1861.
This corporation to-day continues the same
process of highway robbery upon every poor
wayfarer who journeys to the capital of the
nation. And not content with the millions thus
taken, and under which the coffers of this hydra
monster groan, when Congress proposes to
charter a new highway from the capital of the
nation to your commercial metropolis at New
York this surly mastiff stands at the gate and
