1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
in coarse, guttural tones disturbs the legislation
of the country by repeating that the right of
eminent domain belongs to the States, and that
there is no power in the Constitution to incor-
porate competing lines to this purely Christian
organization which shall afford facilities to
reach your national capital. And when legis-
lation is attempted to meet the public wants,
if it conflicts with this Christian association or
mutual admiration society the emissaries of
Garrett are seen flocking into the lobbies as
numerous as the lice and the frogs of Egypt
to control as far as possible the legislation so as
to prevent competing lines of communication
leading to your capital; and to-day Washing-
ion, boasting of its one hundred and seventy
thousand population, has one railroad entering
it from the West. And shall the doctrine of the
right of eminent domain in the States leave
a great city, and that the capital of the nation,
at the mercy of this monopoly? Sir, the nation
demands Congress to act. I not only speak
for the millions of the great West, but I speak
for the toiling millions of the East, who labor
in your factories, workshops, coal-fields, and
iron founderies, who demand thatthese monop-
olies shall cease this extortion ; that the poor
man who earns his bread by the sweat of his
brow in submission to the mandate of Heaven
shall have it at a fair price and without the
extortion of moneyed monopolies.
When Congress undertook to provide for
the building of a competing line from Wash-
ington to New York, so that those who came
to the capital of the country might not have
their pockets rifled on the way,_ as is now done
by the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, the bill
passed this House by a vote of 100 yeas, 54
nays, and 68 not voting. It went to the other
end of the Capitol, and from there it never
returned.
We will see directly. Whenever it wa.s ascer-
tained that Congress was in earnest listening
to the appeal of the honest people of the coun-
try for more thoroughfares coming to your
national capital—when this appeared, these
consolidated railroad monopolies to which I
have referred got out a circular for the purpose
of influencing Congress to protect this godless
monopoly and give it the whole carrying trade
to your capital. It is short and I shall read it:
Philadelphia, December 26.1SGS.
Sir- Two bills (Senate bills 551 and fi81) are now
pending before the Senate of thcUnited States, each
of which incorporates several compamos, and au-
thorizes them to build railroads, seven in all, radi-
ating from Washington and extending over seven or
eight different States. Theso bills confer very great
powers and impose few restrictions. For example,
one of them authorizes the construction ot o. road to
any point on any railroad m Vlrgima.
Why, what a terrible thing! Congress has
authorized the construction of a railroad to
some point of the sacred soil of that State which
we were told the other day was the mother of
Presidents; it might have been added, the
mother of treason.
It is well understood thait this is but an entering
wedge to a system of railroad legislation by Con-
gress intended to extend over every part oi thecoun-
^Believing that such congressional legislation will
be destructive of existing railroad interests,promote
wild and dishonest speculation, and be highly de-
moralizing in its influences—
This Christian association did not like that—
we call your espccial and immediate attention to it.
Many of the corporators named m these bills-
some of them officers of existing, railroads—have
never been consulted. This has given the impres-
sion that influential men and companies favor this
legislation who in fact are strongly opposed to it.
Under the impression that no such bill can pass,
railroad companies generally have not opposed the
measure. Prominent Senators, however, say that
the danger is great and imminent, and t wt it.calls
for immediate and vigorous exertions on the part ot
existing railroad officers to avert it.
Should this matter appear to you asitdoes tons
we suggest that you use your influence with yotu
friends in Congress, especially m the Senate, to do
feat all such measures.
This is signed by the presidents of all these
soulless corporations, which levy so heavy a tax
upon the productive industry of the country, as
follows:
J. EDGAR THOMSON,
President Pennsylvania Railroad Company,
GEORGE W. CASS,
President Pittsburg, Fort Wayne,
and Chicago Railway.
T. L. JEWETT,
President Pittsburg, Cincinnati,
and St. Louis Railroad.
ISAAC HINCKLEY,
President Philadelphia, Wilmington,
and Baltimore Railroad.
CHARLES E. SMITH,
President Philadelphia and Reading Railroad,
ASHBEL WELCH,
General President of United Companies
of New Jersey.
A. L. DENNIS,
President New Jersey Railroad and
Transportation Company.
WM. II. GATZMER,
President Camden and Amboy Railroad
and Transportation Company.
Well, sir, when these bills passed the House
by so large a majority and went to the Senate
there stood at its door this Garrett, not as a
surly mastiff, but as a physician, to give to
them one of those senatorial opiates the effect
of which is to make a measure sleep the sleep
that knows no waking.
Sir, go with me to your commercial metrop-
olis and stand with me at the entrance to
Central Park. I sec a gay equipage enter; tlie
prancing steeds are richly caparisoned, the
carriage is embellished with silver and gold,
the horses are worth §20,000, and make the
time ill two-forty on its beautiful paved drives.
I see seated upon the box a servant dressed
in the gayest livery. Iinquire, "Who is this?"
I am answered, "It is a railroad king, worth
$80,000,000, who shocks the commercial world
at the gold board." Iinquire, "Who is he?"
I am told it is Vanderbilt. Ah, eighty mil-
lions ! railroad king! Sir, every jewel that
glistens on his crown is wrung from the com-
merce of the country and is the product of
extortion from the bone and muscle of the
laboring millions of the land.
Sir, the people of this great land who cultivate
the earth, who roll out the huge iron rail over
which the steam-horse majestically moves with
his mighty train of merchandise ; the men, sir,
who build your ships the sails of whose com-
merce whiten every ocean ; the men, sir, who
with sooty arm and pick and shovel in hand
bring forth from earth's virgin deposits the ore
and the metals that God has implanted in your
towering mountains—these, sir, will demand
that the scepter of power shall pass from our
hands and be given to men who will dethrone
these railroad kings and protect the commerce
of this nation so as to preserve inviolate their
rights under the Constitution of our fathers,
which was intended by them as the palladium
of our liberties, a towering column of freedom
to all its citizens, and against which the gates
of hell shall not prevail. Sir, shall it be said
from the Halls of an American Congress, rep-
resenting forty million people, that the Consti-
tution our fathers gaveus when they wrested the
scepter of power from George III is inade-
quate in its provisions for the full and free
development and protection of all her varied
interests? Shall it go forth to-day that the
commerce of a great nation must be chained
to the chariot wheels of railroad monopolists,
rushing on to destruction with as fearful velo-
city as the train upon whose engine stands the
crazed engineer, who when the fearful chasm
is reached laughs amid the wreck and ruin of
its mutilated passengers?
Mr. Speaker, the people, who make consti-
tutions, who make Presidents and Congresses,
are the sovereigns of our country, and their
mandate has gone forth from the fields of the
West that no moneyed monopolists or railroad
kings of the Bast shall stand in the way of com-
merce, and, with kid gloves and golden slippers,
demand extortionate tribute for the transport-
ation of her products to market; and then by
a high protective tariff on the clothing worn by
her women and children bo required to contrib-
ute from the bone and muscle of her industry
$100,000,000 per year to the support of the
manufacturing interests of New England. Sir,
what the West demands is equal protection.
She asks nothing more. She will submit to
nothing less. And as one of her Representa-
tives I warn you to-day that throughout her
rich valleys and extensive plains the muttering
thunders of her people can be heard for free
trade, which will continue in intensity if you
refuse to protect her industries equally with
others until there shall be written on your stat-
ute-book the memorable words addressed to
Nebuchadnezzar, "Mene, Mene, Tekel, Uphar-
sin," which being interpreted will say to New
England protectionists, " Thy tariff, on which
thou hast grown rich, has departed from thee,
and thy scepter, which was a scepter of oppres-
sion, shall be given to free trade."
I yield the remainder of my time to the gen-
tleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson.]
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. Speaker, I regret
very much that I have not more time to speak
on this very interesting question which now
occupies the attention of the House.
I thank the honorable member from Indiana
who has just taken his seat for calling the
attention of this House and the country to the
oppressive exactions of the railroad corpora-
tions of the land. To-day the industrial inter-
ests of the people, and particularly the agricul-
turists of the West, are taxed by these soulless
monopolies beyond all reasonable limit and to
an extent greater than they can for any great
length of time withstand.
It is everywhere understood, I believe, that
the agricultural interests of the western States
are very much depressed;. that the great staple
production of those States, wheat, is selling at
fifty cents per bushel, a price actually below the
value of the labor necessary to produce it. This
condition of things, together with a depreciated
currency, the value of everything that a farmer
has to buy inflated, the cost of labor very much
enhanced, necessarily produces a feeling ot dis-
satisfaction with this class of the producers of
the country. While the western farmer sees
every other industry in the land prospering his
own is languishing; while those engaged in
other pursuits are growing richer at present
prices, he is growing poorer. _ _ .
That system of national legislation which is
intended to uphold the other industries of the
people does not seem to extend its protection
to the farmer. So far as the great interest of
agriculture is concerned it is left by the Gov-
eminent to take care of itself.
No committee of this House would ever
think of asking for more spacious rooms in
which to receive delegations of agriculturists
claiming the protecting legislation of Congress.
Sir, those who are engaged in this industry do
not hang around this Capitol; they are not
found in the lobby; they have no organized
representatives here to present their claims for
protection to the committees of this House.
Mr. Speaker, the Special Commissioner of
the Revenue and those who are laboring to
destroy the protective feature of the tarill are
appealing, and not without some success, to
the agriculturists of the West for support.
They see this great interest toiling and pro-
ducing without receiving any adequate reward
for their labor, and they seek to create the
impression with the farmers that the present
depressed condition of agriculture is owing
mainly to the protection that is given by our
tariff laws to capital and labor employed m
other industries. .
Now, while I admit that there is some truth
in this, and that the tariff while itdoes not
seem to offer any essential protection to the
farmers of the western States manifestly raises
the prices of labor and of articles ot neces-
sity which all classes of the people arc com-
pelled to buy, still I do not believe, as some
contend, that the tariff is the mam cause.or
the depressed condition of agriculture, r or
