1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
ining their political action is the financial one. I
do not believe the action of the peupleof your town-
ship is an exceptional ease; and it the people come
to understand that the Republican party as a party
sustain the bondholders' view on this financial ques-
tion I fear the days of the Republican party are
numbered. It will not do to demand of the people
the payment of tho bonds in gold which on their face
declare themselves payable in lawful money, which
is the legal-tender greenback currency of the Gov-
ernment. It is asking too much of the laborer and
the laboring population of this country that they
shall have all the products of their labor paid in
paper while the bondholder shall have gold for his
principal, gold for his interest, and his bond exempt
from taxation. It is putting a burden upon tho
people greater than they are willing to bear and,
perhaps, greater than they can bear. I am for main-
taining the utmost good faith toward the bondholder
and toward the people. Where we have expressly
agreed that we will pay both interest and principal
in gold we must abide by the contract; where we
have agreed to pay the principal in lawful money we
must abide by the contract, and so must tho bond-
holder; ho has no right to demand more than is
nominated in the bond. I hope and trust the Re-
publican party will have the sense to put itself right
on this great question, for it would be a national
calamity were this party defeated on that or any
other issue.
Very truly, yours, E. C. INGBRSOLL.
E. B. Dodge, esq., Walnut, Illinois.
Such, Mr. Speaker, were the views which
that gentleman then expressed, and which no
doubt accounts for the large majority which he
received, and which, being widely circulated
elsewhere, obtained for his party many of the
votes which gave that State to the Radical party
by such an overwhelming majority. That letter
contains the precise doctrine which the Radical
party is now so fond of styling the Pendleton
plan of repudiation. Since the Republican
party has by its passage and approval of the
bill to strengthen the public credit and in many
other ways removed all doubt as to its*views in
regard to the payment of the debt, it is to be
hoped that we are fast approaching the event
prophesied in this letter; that "if the people
come to understand that the Republican party
as a party, sustain the bondholders' view on this
great financial question" "the days of the
Republican party are numbered," for " it will
not do to demand of the people the payment
of the bonds in gold which on their face declare
themselves to be payable in lawful money."
How well and how comprehensively does this
letter express the doctrine advocated by the
Democratic party, in which it is declared that—
"It is asking too much of the laborer and the
laboring population of this country that they shall
have all the products of their labor paid m paper,
while the bondholder shall have gold for his prin-
cipal, goldforhis interest, and his bond exempt from
taxation."
Sir, " he has no right to demand more than
is nominated in his bond." But the hope so
vainly expressed, that "the Republican party
will have the sense to put itself right on this
great question," has been blasted, and its pre-
dicted defeat, from this and other causes, is not
distant. Such letters as this, and similar dec-
larations in the shape of speeches and other
appeals written and made by Radical leaders
seduced the great body of the Republican party
to yield to the embrace of the bondholders, who
now hold that party and the country within their
grasp. Whether we will be able to break loose
from that grasp before escape_ is beyond our
power is a question which we intend ^ to try m
the comingelections, when we will again appeal
to the better judgment of a deceived and misled
people. What position the gentleman from
the Peoria district now occupies or will then
assume I do not know ; but if consistent with
that stated in the letter Ihave just read we
may soon expect to see him in the rank s of
the party of his first love, joining battle with
the opposing forces of the bondholders and
their Radical allies. .
If a vote could be taken in the State 01 1 iii-
nois on this question alone, independent ot all
others, I am confident that a large majority
of the people would say that the Federal debt
should be paid in greenbacks only^ except m
cases where coin was especially promised either
by the law of the contract or in the face of the
bond. It is because I believe the bonds
should be thus paid that I am opposed to the
second section of the bill, providing for the
issue of $41,000,000 of additional greenbacks,
which was offered some weeks ago by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoi.l,] and
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency. The second section of that bill pro-
vides that the Secretary of the Treasury shall
go into the market with the $44,000,000 of
greenbacks, when issued, at certain times and
buy bonds at, say, twenty per cent., or such
other premium as thebrokers of Wall street may
demand. If I had been present when the bill
was before the House I might have been tempted
to vote for it with the objectionable section as
a part of it if it could not have been amended,
for I might have felt justified in giving the
bondholder a bonus of $5,000,000 in the way
of premium in order to secure for the people
the benefit of the expansion of the currency it
proposes and which they so much need. The
bill to be in harmony with law and justice, in-
stead of providing for the purchase of bonds
at coin prices in currency, should have provided
for the redemption of five-twenty bonds in the
order in which they were sold by the payment
of their principal, dollar for dollar, inthegreen-
backs to be issued, and the accrued interest
thereon in coin out of the Treasury. That sec-
tion of the bill is an indorsement of the present
policy of the Secretary of the Treasury, and is
inconsistent with the doctrinelaid down by the
gentleman who offered it in his letter of April,
1868, which I have just read.
Mr. Speaker, having laid down the rule by
which I would be guided in determining what
we owe, the first step I would take to facilitate
the payment of the debt, as well as to accom-
plish other good results, would be to close
up the national banks by withdrawing their
notes from circulation and substituting United
States notes in their place. There are now in
active operation sixteen hundred and twenty
national banks, with an outstanding circulation
of $299,789,895 45, which were brought into
existence by a law of Congress approved J une
0,1864. To secure the payment of their notes
they have, as required by law, deposited in our
Treasury $342,475,100 in bonds of the Govern-
ment, on which we are paying interest in coin
amounting to about twenty million dollars per
annum. These banks have been yielding to
the stockholders dividends of from twelve to
thirty-live per cent, per annum, which certainly
does not entitle them to further claims on oar
forbearance on account of any pretended hard-
ship. Nor is there any constitutional question
in the way, for the law under which the banks
were created provides that it shall remain
subject to amendment or repeal. As to "that
portion of the bonds on deposit as the basis
of their banks which are payable in " law-
ful money," which, according to the report
of the Comptroller, are equal to about two
thirds of the whole amount deposited, I would
pay off the principal in greenbacks to be issued,
and the accrued interest in coin from that in
the Treasury. With the remainder of this new
issue of greenbacks I would in like manner
redeem other outstanding five-twenty bonds in
the order in which they were sold, to be desig-
nated by the Secretary of the Treasury in a
proper notice to their holders, at the same time
specifying when they should be presented for
payment. These greenbacks should be issued
contemporaneously with the withdrawal of the
national bank notes, so as not to decrease the
circulation while the change is being made.
This substitution of United States notes for
bank notes would save to the people the sum
of $18,000,000 in coin per annum without
increasing the circulation. Instead of bank
notes on which we are virtually paying six per
cent, coin interest we would then have the
same amount in United States notes on which
we would pay no interest. What reason or
argument is it necessary to urge in favor of such
a measure ? . .
Is it wrong to save $18,000,000 of com which
these banks now take from-the Treasury ? The
Radical party in Congress says it is, but the
people will not sustain it in that position, espe-
cially when they reflect that the $18,000,000
thus saved if applied to the purpose of a .sink-
ing fund would pay off the whole bonded debt
in thirty-four years without additional taxes or
any other saving. So apparent was the justice
and wisdom of putting an end to this banking
system in the way I have proposed that the
Legislature of the State of Illinois in February,
1867, then having in both branches a Repub-
lican majority of over two thirds, passed a con-
current resolution instructing their Senators
and requesting their Representatives in Con-
gress " to aid in all measures tending to the
withdrawal of the national bank notes, and the
substitution therefor of legal-tender notes."
Before me is an official copy of the laws of that
State passed in the year 1867, and in it I find
published the resolution I have referred to with
a preamble, which reads as follows :
" "Whereas the contraction of the currency by the
withdrawal of legal-tender Treasury notes from cir-
culation in tho present financial condition of tho
country would be injurious to tho Government and
oppressive to tax-payers; and whereas the intorest
of the Government and people would be promoted
by tho withdrawal from circulation of notes issued
by the national banks and by substitution therefor
of legal-tender Treasury notes and by the payment
of interest-bearing legal-tender Treasury notes, at
tho earliest option of the Government, innon-inter-
est-boaring lcgal-tenderTreasurynotes: Therefore,
" Beitresolvedby the House of Representatives of the
State of Illinois, (the Senate concurring therein,) That
our Senators be instructed and our Representatives
in Congress be requested to oppose all measures tend-
ing to the contraction of tho curroncy by tho with-
drawal of thelesal-tondcrTreasurynotes, and to aid
in all measures tending to the withdrawal of the
national bank notes and the substitution therefor of
legal-tender notes."
How faithfully those Senators and Represent-
atives in Congress have obeyed those instruc-
tions or respected that request the records of
Congress will show. No doubt the conduct
of Republican members from that State will
before the close of this session give to their
constituents additional evidence of how utterly
careless they are of the wishes of the people
whom they on this question misrepresent. But
when other distracting questions with which
Congress now attempts to divert the public
mind shall be settled, and the attention of the
people be directed to this with other kindred
financial questions, we shall see how success-
ful they are in convincing the people that they
are wrong, and that it is better to have a cur-
rency that costs six per cent, coin interest than
a money that costs no interest. We will then
see whether they can demonstrate that the
credit of a bank is better than the credit of
the Government.
Sir, the resolution I have just read wa3
passed by a Legislature whose members were
fresh from the body of the people. They ex-
pressed not only the political convictions of
almost the entire people of that State, but even
the professed opinions of their Republican lead-
ers then on this floor. On the 26th day of
November, 1867, in response to that resolu-
tion, a Democratic member from Illinois, (Mr.
Ross,) always faithful to the best interests of his
constituents, offered a resolution in this House
declaring that national bank notes should be
withdrawn from circulation and greenbacks
substituted for them. On tho motion to lay
the resolution on the table, which was under-
stood to be a test vote, the yeas were 52, nays
101, not voting 28. Of the members from Illi-
nois, Mr. Raum did not vote ; Baker, Burnt,
Cook, Cullom, Farnswortii, Harding, Ixoer-
solIj, Jotd, Logan, Marshall, and Ross voted
against laying the resolution on the table. Only
two voted in the affirmative—Mr. Washburne,
who based his objection to the resolution on its
phraseology, and Mr. Bromwell, who assigned
no reason, and who was left at home ,by the
people at the next election. The next resolu-
tion introduced declaring the same policy here
was the one which I had the honor to present
on the 17th instant. It reads as follows :
"Resolved, That tho Committee on Ranking and
Currency be. and they are hereby, instructed to ro
