876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
port at an early day a bill providing for withdrawing
irora circulation the national bank currency, and for
issuing instead of such currency Treasury notes
tisuauy known as gieenbaeks.' "
On the motion to suspend the rules and for
its adoption the vote'stood—yeas 55, nays 114,
not voting 41. Of the Representatives from
Illinois the four Democrats—Burr, Crebs,
Marshall, ana McNeely—and one Repub-
lican, Mr. Hat, voted for the resolution ; six
Republicans—Judd, Cook, Burchard, Haw-
ley,Losas, and Moore, voted against it—and
three Republicans—Messrs. Cullom, Farns-
worth, andlKGBRsOLi.—though to my personal
knowledge in their seats at the time, did not vote
at all. Now, if this resolution wasrightin No-
vember, 1807, why is it not right now ? If the
Republican Legislature of Illinois, its Repub-
lican press, and its Republican leaders in Con-
gress were in favor of this resolution iu 1867,
why are they now, with a single exception, de-
nouncing it and vigorously advocating the per-
petuity of these banks? Why this change of
front? What has brought about the change of
base in the Radical party in a little over two
years? Is it because they wish to repay these
banks for their corrupting appliances, so often
used and no w so greatly needed by that party in
theelections? Isitbecause theyfinditnecessary
to retain the influence that radiates from their
vaults, which melts majorities into minorities
and causes the servants of the people to forget
their duty and spurn the requests of their mas-
ters? The miraculous conversion which these
bankshave wrought among the leaders of the
party in power is wonderful. The history of
the country presents no example of such a
change in so short a time on a question of pub-
lic policy so vital and important. All this is
done without assigning a single reason, while
t-he adoption of the policy they once favored
but now condemn has become more necessary
and of greater importance than ever. Until
(he present Administration came into power
there was a hope that these banks would soon
cease to exist, but now they seem to rest on
more solid foundations than ever. Once the
bankers begged your assistance and forbear-
ance, but now the power behind the throne has
become greater than the throne itself. The
national banker stands in that lobby with his
arms complacently folded in conscious security.
He looks in upon this House and sees systems
pass away, the land-marks of the fathers disre-
garded, the Constitution trampled under foot,
even great States stricken down under your
avenging power, but no hand dare touch him.
At last, however, the tottering fortunes of the
party that now sustains them warn these national
bankers that they must reach a position which
wil l be independent of those misfortunes which
befall the friends of failing parties. Hence,
we find that on the 23d day of June, 1869, these
banks, sixteen hundred and twenty in number,
representing a capital of $800,000,000, per-
meating all the business interests of the coun-
try, met in joint convention in New York to
combine against the people whom they have
reason to fear. Never was so vast and power-
ful a moneyed influence brought together for
joint action on this continent. The president
ot that convention declared, while presiding
over its deliberations, that questions affecting
the interest'of the banks "should be settled
in conference by their executive committee,
and whatever legislation might be necessary
would readily follow."
\V hen we consider who the president was who
said this his statement becomes significant.
His name is Theodore M. Pomeroy. For six
years prior to the 4th of March last he was a
member of Congress ; on financial questions
he was prominent. He held the position of
chairman of the Committee on Banking and
Currency from its organization on the 4th day
of March, 1864, until he ceased to be a mem-
ber of Congress, audwhenMr. Colfax resigned
was elected to the position of Speaker. He
was here and assisted in passing the law under
which the national banks were created and or-
ganized, and iu the care and keeping of the
committee of which he was chairman they con-
tinued to be fostered and encouraged. I men-
tion these facts only to show that he had reason
to know whereof he spoke when lie said that
necessary legislation would follow the demand
of the banks, and that the declaration was made
by a man who knew from personal experience
what mysterous influences it was necessary to
bring to bear to effect legislation in Congress.
That convention met, consulted, appointed a
committee, and quietly adjourned. Whatareits
fruits ? What do these banks demand ? They
do not appear in the person of their committee
or any known members of their organization,
for that would excite opposition and possibly
defeat their object. They move in a subtile,
insidious, and therefore effective way. They
are represented by agents who claim to be
influenced and moved by their convictions of
right and their desire to serve the country.
All at once we find the Administration and the
leaders of the Radical party iu Congress acting
in singular harmony with their views. Even
the President has been by some means or other
persuaded into advocating what these bankers
have combined to obtain. What these banks
want is greater intrinsic strength ; a larger con-
trol over the people, over labor, and legisla-
tion. They want broader foundations to their
system. They want thirty-two hundred and forty
banks instead of sixteen hundred and twenty.
They want to engage double the amount of the
capital now invested in order to double their
influence and make their overthrow twice as
difficult as it is now; and to prevent injury to
their present circulation they propose to sub-
stitute the notes of the new banks in the place
of greenbacks, which they ask Congress to
withdraw. This will also serve the double pur-
pose of removing from competition with their
notes a currency which is a legal tender, and
therefore more acceptable, and put at rest all
possibility of substituting greenbacks for their
notes now outstanding.
The party in power will attempt to grant what
is thus demanded by these bankers before this
Congress adjourns, unless a fear of disruption
on this and other financial questions causes it
to pause untilafter the fall elections. Its party
machinery has been set to work to accomplish
such a result, and we will soon see whether
the "necessary legislation will follow," as Mr.
Pomeroy promised the convention of bankers.
The Comptroller of the Currency, who lias
special charge of this subject, in his last report,
which has been approved by the Administra-
tion, advocates the withdrawal of United States
legal-tender notes because, he says, they are
irredeemable. On the other hand, he says that
"the notes issued by national banks are nom-
inally redeemable, and if the legal-tender notes
were out of the way would be actually so."
Redeemable in what ? Certainly not in coin;
for it would be impossible for the banks to be
always ready to redeem in coin their issue, thus
increased to $700,000,000, when there is in the
United States but little over $200,000,000 of
coin all told, of which $180,000,000 per annum
is required in the business of paying customs
on imports. No human being can give a reason
why "greenbacks" are not as redeemable in
coin as bank notes would be under the present
system. This scheme has also found its advo-
cates on this floor and in the Senate. Mr.
Sumner, who perhaps more than any other
member of Congress enjoys the confidence of
the Administration, sounded the key-note of
his party in the opening sentence of his speech
on the 12th instant, in which he declared thathe
was in favor of "the extension of the national
banking system and the withdrawal of green-
backs in proportion to the new bank notes
issued."
Before entering upon such a policy I appeal
to you to pause and reflect upon the results
that would follow it. Its adoption would bring
us immediately to specie payments, for when
Uni ted States notes are withdrawn from circula-
tion gold or silver is the only "legal tender." To
leave us in our present condition of individual
and national indebtedness without any legal-
tender circulating medium except coin would
bring on a financial crisis which would bank-
rupt the country. As if following the example
of the Government, the people in their indi-
vidual capacity are more involved in debt than
ever before; their individual indebtedness is
estimated to be at least $8,000,000,000. Pressed
for payment, with nothing but coin for a legal-
tender, forced sales of property for the satisfac-
tion of private debts and taxes would follow iu
multiplied numbers. In that event where
would the farmer who is still in debt for his
land find coin with which to pay the balance
he owes for it? Where would the laborer who
has been struggling for a home find coin to
complete the purchase of his homestead? Do
you propose to turn them over to the tender
mercies of the bondholders, whose gold interest
would then in the absence of greenbacks con-
stitute one half of the legal-tender circulating
medium of the'country? I trust that such a
calamity will be averted. If such a policy is
inaugurated it should be followed by a bank-
rupt act under which the people may find relief
by surrendering all they possess in payment of
their debts.
This proposition to withdraw from circula-
tion the legal-tender Treasury notes is but
another step toward the completion of that
plan which the Radical party is engaged in
executing by which the capitalists of this coun-
try hope to control with more ease and cer-
tainty all the industrial interests of the people.
To succeed in the robbery they have begun
they must reduce labor to a more' abject state
of servitude and gather still greater taxes by
means of legislation in their complete control.
Even now tlioy are plundering the people by a
system of revenue laws unequal and oppress-
ive, enforced by fines and imprisonments, vio-
lent searches and seizuies of houses and pri-
vate papers, and by inquisitions such as were
never known in any civilized country before,
much less under a O-ovcrnment which is sup-
posad to rest for support on the consent of the
governed. To acquire and retain that control
over the labor of the country, to secure the
necessary laws now existing and hereafter to
be enacted, and to insure their execution,
capitalists have selected the leaders of the
Republican party as their agents, whom for
their compensation they promise to perpetuate
in power. This monstrous conspiracy against
the industrial^ interests of the people must be
defeated. Before this banking power becomes
too great and more firmly fastened upon us we
must destroy it. We must follow the example
of the great Jackson in his struggle with the
old bank and rely upon the people to sustain
us. We must close up these sixteen hundred
and twenty banks, these reservoirs erected by
Congress into which is pouring the sweat and
labor of the toiling millions ol' the land. We
must sto-p the stream of §18,000,000 of gold
interest that flows annually into their coffers,
and save it in the pockets of the people who
earn it.
Mr. Speaker, to still further facilitate and
hasten the payment of the public debt, and
to answer the pressing demands of the people,
I would expand the circulation by the issue
of $200,000,000 in United States legal-tender
notes in addition to those now outstanding and
in addition to those 1 would substitute m the
place of the national bank notes. In thi.; i
speak for myself; and having advocated this
expansion in the canvass which I made pre-
vious to my election, I speak for the people
whom I represent. By the term expansion I
do not mean inflation, but simply such increase
of circulation as the business wants of the peo-
ple justify. This expansion, however, should
be sufficiently gradual as would prevent any
serious financial shock. Peeling the pulse of
the busiuess public, I would administer the
relief as the patient could bear it. A glance
