1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the bonded debt of the United States. This
speech met with very great disfavor at the time
from both sides of this House, ana especially
by some of the Democrats, and each party
s.eemed very much disposed to charge the other
with being rcpudiators; and though" the scene
was characterized by a Radical gentleman of
Indiana [Mr.'SHANKS] as " a class meeting,"
in view, perhaps, of thefactthatmy very worthy
Democratic friend, his colleague, [Mr. Kerr,]
had just talked out in meeting, striking hands
with him, it was by no means a harmonious
meeting, as my distinguished Democratic friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,] in con-
fessing himself, threw a bombshell into the
Radical camp by charging repudiation upon the
Radical party of Alleghany county, Pennsyl-
vania, which in turn was resisted by my very
Radical friend [Mr. Scofield] of the same
State,, and-both parties left "the meeting,"
doubtless ready to charge, and, if needs be, to
prove the other guilty of repudiation sympa-
thies if not acts. My opinion is that in this
they were both right and both prepared with
the proofs.
Mr-. Speaker, I take this occasion to say that
I most heartily concur with my friend from
Ohio [Mr. MtJNGEN,] as well for the reasons
given by'him as others which I propose to pre-
sent. No one, 1 believe, will dare question my
distinguished friend's patriotism, who proved
himself, to the satisfaction of my Republican
friends, at least, by the fiery test of solaiery, as
a Federal officer bearing himself gallantly
through the entire war. Coming as I do from
the. much despised State of Kentucky, I expect
to be challenged by the prescriptive and vio-
lent. I care not for this. I must do what I
regard my duty for the best interests of my
country and the whole people, and let time
and events render their verdict in the future,
and I shall abide by it.
I have carefully and elaborately examined
many various and innumerable theories ad-
vanced to pay the public debt of the United
States and to reduce the present onerous taxa-
tion upon the people, direct and indirect, and
my conviction is clear that no one of them can
attain the end desired, to wit: J;he payment
of this vast bonded debt of the United States
Government. Theories, legislation., mere prom-
ises to pay or asseverations of an honest intent
to pay at some future day, while they may for
a time lull the creditor into security, will not,
in my judgment, discharge the public debt.
No galvanized statement of the distinguished
Secretary of the Treasury in bis monthly reports
can pay this debt; not even the exactions and
extortions made of the whisky manufacturers
(whose store-keepers by your own law you
agree to pay and afterward required the manu-
facturers to refund, thus robbing them by a
violation of good faith and repudiation of the
estimate of four millions of money) will pay it.
What is the public debt of this country? The
acknowledged audited debt in round numbers
is $2,500,000,000. The unaudited debt, most
of which is in a repudiated or at any rate sus-
pended condition, has been estimated by sta-
tisticians of the Radical as well as Democratic
parties at about four billions, or forty hundred
millions of dollars. It is but fair to say that
$3,500,000,000 of these claims are just and due
from this Governmentto individuals, States, and
corporations by reason of our recent civil war.
Add this to the audited d ebt, $2,500,000,000, and
we have the extraordinary sum of $6,000,000,-
000, or six billions of money. Can you pay it?
Compute this sum if you can. Comprehend
it if possible. Imagine every man m the em-
ployment of Government—and they are mul-
tiplied by thousands—to be counting clerks,
and that grains of wheat represent dollars, and
tell me how long they would be in counting
out this vast, incomprehensible sum? Every
gentleman here, however youthful he may be
now, would be numbered with the octogenarians
of the country long before the sum necessary
to discharge this debt would be counted.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 56.
If the good faith of the Government is
pledged for the bonded debtit is equally pledged
for every just debt due to its citizenship by
reason of the war, and it is a living reproach
to the Congress and the Court of Claims act-
ing under its authority that they can feel jus-
tified in neglecting and delaying the payment
of many of these claims. Further, it chokes
down the throat of these good-faith gentle-
men their own words and arguments, and espe-
cially of our distinguished Secretary of the
Treasury, in the case referred to by Mr. Mungen
in his answer to Mr. Delano, the present Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, when he stated
these unaudited claims to be $400,000,000.
This vast sum of audited debt, less than half
we owe, is to be paid, principal and interest,
semi-annually in gold; and the Committee of
Ways and Means have already, with singular
industry and energy, in a book of over one
hundred pages, invaded every channel of com-
merce and trade, every industrial pursuit, and
every conceivable occupation to find a loca-
tion for a tax, until we feel our lungs oppressed,
our breathing restricted, our energies ener-
vated, our souls sick at the thought of the
oppression and taxation necessary to pay sim-
ply the interest and expense of collecting it.
They propose now to bond it at forty years
semi-annual gold interest; and as oppressive
as the tax is now, if good faith operates upon
the Republicans and Democrats of this House
they must double the tax of to-day to pay the
interest on our public debt. Forty years will
soon be here, not perhaps to you or to me, but
that time to a great Government is a mere
myth; what will you have to pay the principal
with then ? You will have paid the debt in
compound interest nearly three times, and yet
there stands the debt in all its horrors and pro-
portions undiminished, but increased one hun-
dred per cent, by the recognition of claims we
justly owe. But I hear one say who owns
perhaps a single bond, " It matters not; I am
secure in any event, for although the Govern-
ment is to day bankrupt^ and the Treasury-
depleted the people are rich, and the list of
taxable property in the United States will show
that I am abundantly safe." In other words,
every dollar you or your neighbor may have,
every acre of land that belongs to you or your
State, every town lot; every species of property
that belongs to you, is fairly pledged and mort-
gaged for my bond, and it will be the^ duty of
Congress to enact laws by which commissioners
must levy and sell, even to the extent of
demanding your title papers. .
This great Government must keep faith with
its people. Her pledges must be redeemed
if it costs the lives of myriads and theproperty
of the whole people. Suppose this theory
obtains, and not a few hold to it I assure you,
let the property be put up to the highest
bidder, who is to bujr it ? The bondholder,
of course. The commissioner is to be author-
ized to call for your title papers to the few acres
and humble cottage that shelters the heads of
the partner of your bosom and her little inno-
cents, the pledges of early and virtuous love.
Methinks I see that old man, venerable with
years and honors, who has spent a life of toil
and industry, with a character untarnished for
honor and whoso labors have been crowned
with worldly success—see him in that old
mansion, the home of hospitality and kind-
ness for upward of a half century, and around
him upon many a broad and well-tilled acre
dwell his children and grand-children, all, all
opposed to this dreadful war, begging and
imploring the men of all parties to stop and
think before they bring on this devoted people
the curse of fratricidal war. Just over tn®re
you see the last resting-place of ma,ny of his
children and family, with their quiet tomb-
stones to mark the last resting-place ot the
loved and lost, with the breezes of heaven
fanning the foliage of the trees hard by the
green sward that marks the family burying-
ground ; and amid such surroundings, that old
patriarch, tottering upon a well-worn
which has borne him long and,well, with his"
gray hairs streaming to the wind, is ordered
to take up his line of march from tji-js loved
home, from all the associations of his,youth,
manhood, and old age clustering, aroupd a
head so old and white as his. I see him call
his jewels .one by one, and in a solid line they
follow to the old church-yard, and;he lifts his
streaming eyes and heart to God as he kneels
at the grave of the partner of his bosom for
the last time, and with extended hands ex-
claims, " Great and merciful God, have I
deserved this at the hands of my fellow-men ?j'
I drop the picture in sorrow. Can it be possi-
ble "man's inhumanity to man" can go to
this extent; if so, I now tell gentlemen of this
mode of thinking, beware 1 beware! There is
that in the breast of man that will not submit
to everything without a blow for liberty which
will cause a revolution throughout this • land
whose echo shall reach- the very heavens in a
just demand for justice and the protection of
our Government.
Upon principle I have been taught and am
opposed to the idea of repudiation in the ab-
stract, and in my individual intercourse with
my fellow-man I dare challenge any gentleman
iii this presence to a comparison of notes. The
moral sentiment of every honorable mind finds
pause at this word without any qualification.
No high-strung man can feel himself encour-
aged by his own self-respect in advocating the
repudiation of an honest contract where there
is no fraud nor pretense of fraud, and the con-
tracting parties are of proper mind and ca-
pacity and in condition to understand the,
whole scope of the contract, and provided
he has the ability to pay. _ The question then
occurs, is the present public debt of the United
States of a character that comes within these
qualifications? I say mostemphaticaljy, not
in my judgment. While technically it may be
made to appear that in strict law we are-bound
by the folly a,nd act of a partial representation
in Congress, I submit, if morally the people
are bound by the act of a majority of Congress
assuming to act for unrepresented States and
citizenship during a revolution so unparalleled
as ours, is it promotive of union and peace,
think you, that we compel eleven States of
this oneo Union to help pay the debt incurred
by us for their overthrow and punishment,
that too often we have required them to re-
pudiate their own debt? Ave not the holders
of our bonds estopped from payment by the
simple chancery pleaof no consideration? Did
not their representatives take advantage of our
condition to extort usury and to defraud us at
every step? Have the people not been swindled
into a contract not understood by them and
for which they have not received proper con-
sideration? .
Mr. Speaker, one thing strikes my mind here
with peculiar force. It is this: a claim against
any individual in this House or nation, founded
upon a similar consideration and attended by
the same surroundings, could not in law or
equity be enforced before any respectable court
ot judicature in any State of this Union, and
there are few lawyers in this body who, in
myjudgment, would be willing to take a fee
in, chancery for the prosecution with a fee
contingent upon the result.
Another thing, Mr. Speaker, impresses ltselt
upon my mind. While we are the paid attorneys
of the people, out of whose pockets the money
must come to pay this debt, does it. not seem
strange that we interest ourselves in attacking
our own clients in the interest of their oppo-
nents ? No one will deny that this is a struggle
between the bondholder on the one part and the
people on the other. Strange to say, while there
are so few tribunes of the people on this floor
there is so much unemployed volunteer it not
unpaid counsel for the bondholder. There is
certainly two sides to this question, and we clai m
to represent the people and yet burden our inge-
i nuity to hunt arguments to enslave them with
