882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
a very oppressive taxation, while every reflect-
ing man must know that it can be paid only by
the sweat and toil of the laborers of our land
and their servitude forever. In what page of
history or book of common sense, not to say
common honesty, can we find a parallel case?
"Were ever attorneys so anxious, yea, solicitous
for the success of their oppononts at the cost
of the very life-blood .of their clients, or rather
constituency in this case?
Webster defines "repudiate" to mean "to
cast off and disavow; to have nothing to do
with; to renounce; to discard; to reject."
Our Radical friends ought not to affect surprise
or alarm at the mere word. They have repudi-
ated the Constitution of our fathers in whole
and in part. What provision of it have they not
" cast off and disavowed, have had nothing to
do with, renounced, discarded, or rejected?"
They repudiated whole States. They repudi-
ated the Chicago platform upon which they
went into power. In article two they guaranty
the question of suffrage to the States; in article
seven they pledge themselves to economy, and
denounce the extravagance and corruptions of
Andrew Johnson. They repudiate the people,
and while their hands are comfortably in they
repudiate themselves, the better repudiation
of all, in my judgment. With what show of
honest virtue, then, can they taunt us for want-
ingto "cast off," "disavow," "discard," and
"reject" this iniquitous and oppressive debt?
I imagine they fear with this the people will
repudiate them, and this may unfold tbe object
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
in his anxiety to have this .House pass a unan-
imous resolution pledging the whole people to
a submission of this great wrong, which is so
oppressive on them at this time. Notwith-
standing all the professions of economy by
which the Administration has attempted to
allure the country, the estimates before the
House Committee on Appropriations, we are
told, are $49,000,000 in excess of the last fiscal
year of Mr. Johnson's administration; and,
besides this, it is ascertained that a deficiency
of several millions more has to be supplied by
the same committee.
Mr. Speaker, we are treated here by the
Democratic and Republican side of the House
with the highest phase of heroics, because a
distinguished Federal soldier announced on
this floor his adherence to the people and
advocacy of repudiation by the thundering and
meaningless words, " I repudiate the repudi-
ator," and words corresponding to that.
What can be meant by that? I suppose they
mean to repudiate General Mungen. Alas,
poor man, how he must suffer! I take it this
implies that they regard themselves more hon-
orable or more patriotic than he. We learn
from the Bible that, once upon a time, Satan
went up into a high mountain and pointed to
all the lauds around him as his, and after pre-
senting their value and praising their beauty
he said to the Son of Man, "All these will I
give you if you will but fall down and worship
me;" while he owned not a foot of land on
earth. So, these gentlemen have not a single
dollar to back them in their heroics. When
gentlemen indulge in these figures I cannot but
think that they know they are vastly liberal
with other people's money and means, and
that they, acting as agents of the people, to
say the least of it, have allowed them to be
bankrupted and swindled irremediably, and
propose now to take a mortgage upon the second
and third generation to secure the extortioner
in his ill-gotten gains.
Mr. Speaker, to my mind it seems passing
strange that Democrats split their throats in
advocating the greenback theory, or Pendleton
theory as called by some, whose principal
virtue to the minds of many is its partial
repudiation, and to that particular feature is it
hugely indebted for its popularity. It seems
moie manly to my mind to repudiate the whole
than a part, when the only object is evident,
which is to get rid of the oppression. My
theory is that the Government wanted money
and she issued bonds and appointed agents to
sell those bonds, who compromitted it by prom-
ises of gold and silver payment in securing
purchasers; thus concluding, in so far as an
agent can bind a principal, while we sat idly
by without protest, and that the Congress who
authorized the issue were, like any other suf-
fering and desponding creditor, willing to
promise anything and everything for money to
carry on the war. The purchaser took the risk
with the gold understanding, and we knew it
then, however we may attempt to ignore it now.
The bondholder has the same right to assume
now, nay more, that he is entitled to gold and
silver as we have to assume that he must take
greenbacks at twenty to thirty per cent, dis-
count. Besides this, as Democrats and Re-
publicans, under the theory of our Government,
the only legal tender is gold and silver. It is
far better, in my judgment, to put this upon the
ground of "no consideration," " extortion,"
or "usury," or anything but contract.
In addition to the relief proposed by the
greenback theory in exchanging bonds bearing
interest for notes or greenbacks bearing no
interest, thus repudiating the interest which by
law is as much a part of the obligation as the
principal, its advocates cater to the popular
sentiment of the masses by holding before them
the delusion of distributing among them the
currency thus paid on the bonds and making
money more plenty, which perhaps influences
more minds to the adoption of this political
tenet in the great N orthwest than the argument
for repudiation. If men will only think for a
moment they will see that the holder of the
legal-tender bonds after he shall have received
notes in satisfaction can by law, and will doubt-
less, following the dictates of common sense,
reinvest his notes in bonds again by depositing
with the Treasurer his notes and receiving six
per cent, gold-bearing bonds. Hence the folly
of the assumption that the redemption of the
bonds in notes will place the notes in the coun-
try for circulation among the people or increase
the volume of circulation, so desirable to us
all. The whole truth of the thing is, in my
judgment, that the greenback theory is simply
a delusion that proposes to pay a debt already
contracted and about due by a renewal of
obligation to pay at some future day, to seem-
ingly avoid the interest, which would be repu-
diation if the note-holder was silly enough to
hold the notes as an investment, and which, of
course, he will not do as long as he can find
bonds to buy, and cheats and deceives the
country by holding out the inducement of
swelling the volume of currency. This system,
however ingenious and plausible, amounts to
just nothing in view of the fact that the Supreme
Court is understood to have virtually decided
against the constitutionality of the legal-tender
clause in a case now before them. Notwith-
standing my Democratic friends have been van-
quished over and over again upon this green-
back theory, they still persist in its virtue, when
the announcement of this decision will leave
them as blank and picturesque as statues, with-
out capital or sympathy, and my advice would
be for them to return to first principles and
adhere to their time-honored theory of gold
and silver as the only legal tender this great
Government can adopt, and, overleaping the
greenback theory, look to the argument of con-
sideration and extortion.
Mr. Speaker, I was not only edified but
highly entertained by the remarks of my distin-
guished Democratic friend from Indiana [Mr.
Yoorhees] on yesterday in elimination of this
"greenback " theory. I was captivated with
his logic; I was, as it were, struck breathless
when I listened to the beauty and painting
of the gorgeous splendors of his imagination,
which seemed to group right before us the
horrors, the wrongs, the injuries inflicted
upon the people by the bondholders. I was
not however, Mr. Speaker, convinced by his
logic. There was to my mind an inconsistency
in much of what he said which if it could be
reconciled with what he said elsewhere would
wipe out the effect of two thirds of his speech
and make directly in the interest of the repudi-
ation theory which I advocate to-day. He said:
"I here solemnly assert and shall ^prnve that a
vast proportion of the public debt as it is stated upon
paper has no existence whatever in reality; that it
is a fiction created by unjust and scandalous legisla-
tion, or the still more unjust and scandalous perver-
sion of the true contract; that it is a fraud fastened
upon the labor of the nation utterly "without consid-
eration either legal or moral; that it is a sheer and
naked extortion from the wants, the necessities, the
helplessness of the people and tbe armies when they
were wholly at the mercy of capital."
I submit, sir, every word of that is true,
every word of it; and it is far better and more
eloquently said than I could hope to say it.
But if it proves anything in the world it simply
proves that the contract does not bind us,
because we have not received "any legal or
moral consideration and I adopt my friend's
argument in support of my theory.
He takes occasion to say again :
"The sight of it extorts a desperate cry for relief.
It cannot and will not be borne; but shall we there-
fore attempt to build the city of our refuge from this
distress upon the shifting quicksands of repudiation ?
Mighty wrongs and the galling sense of extreme
injustice have driven many honest minds to embrace
this fearful doctrine, and much more may yet follow
with the same disastrous tendency. The issue is in
the hands of the party in power. I am not for repu-
diation. I see in it neither safety or honor."
He declares that he is not a repudiator, and
yet while he declares that he is not a repudia-
tor the whole force of his figures and of his
argument is to show the immorality and injus-
tice of the bonded debt. Still he notifies the
country that he is not a repudiator. Why, sir,
no man could have read the balance of the
gentleman's speech and have ever dreamed
that he had not swopped places with me on
this floor.
Mr. VOORHEES. Can the gentleman from
Kentucky appreciate the difference
Mr. GOLLADAY. I decline to yield.
Mr. VOORHEES. I was only going to state
that perhaps the gentleman does not appre-
ciate the difference between paying what we
do owe and what we do not owe.
Mr. GOLLADAY. The gentleman made
an argument in favor of repudiation much bet-
ter and stronger than I can hope to make. He
said again:
"Tell him tSiat the advantages which the law
actualy gives him are so stupendous that the people
will not suffer him to break over it in order to obtain
more. Tell him to keep his part of the compact with
scrrapulous faith. Tell him that if he releases him-
self from its obligations he also releases the other
party. Say to him that this is a settled rule of law
in all the courts of the world. Say to him that they
who enforce contracts must first fulfill contracts; that
if ho repudiates the restraints of the law it will not
then be repudiation for the tax-payer to refuse obe-
dience ; that his default will cure the defalcation of
the other party; and that if he continues to overleap
the lega.l harriers which surround hiui the people
will at last arise and drive him out as they would a
marauding wolf from amid their folds and flocks.
Tell Kim all these thing's in order that he may do
his dut.y in sustaining the public credit and in avert-
ing this calamity. Cease your lectures to this side
of the Chamber, and turn your labors to that quarter
where repudiation has already commenced."
I adojit all this ; it is as good a speech for
repudiation as 1 can desire. It is as good and
perhaps much better than any I could make.
The gentleman dwells on the question of
contract when it suits him and on the question
of moral obligation when it suits him. I say
that he must confine himself to one consid-
eration or the other ; to the fact that there was
no consideration, extortion, and injustice on
the part of the bondholders, or to the contract.
If he submits entirely to the naked question of
contract, it is a plain case that the bondholder
only holds his bonds according to the legal
contract. If he takes the other portion of the
argument, that there was no consideration,
that there were usury and extortion, then the
gentleman is squarely upon my platform and
the Democratic party are upon my platform,
although, in my judgment, they have not the
courage to say so in the face of the country.
Then follows more of the same sort, which
