884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
a consideration by no means to be overlooked
by the intelligent operator. If any proof were
wanting it is only necessary to state that there
is not on record a tradition even of any bond-
holder ever agreeing or proposing to invest any
patriotism by the abatement of one cent of his
contract; but, Jew like, they all demand the
bond in gold, principal and interest. Does he
not know the labor and earnings of the whole
country are requije.d to be taxed to pay his
interest? Where then, I pray you, is there any
patriotism in his investment or justice in his
exactions ?
I make the statement that not one tenth of
the bonded debt is to-day held by the parties
who originally purchased the bonds. They are
to-day a thing of commerce, advancing to-day,
receding to-morrow, and are bought and sold
on the markets of the world like any other
fluctuating stocks; up to-day, down to-mor-
row, furnishing material for the speculative
sharks who live upon the rise or fall in the
market, superinduced often and manipulated
by the bulls and bears of the great centers of
commerce. I want it distinctly understood
that I make no war in this argument upon
bondholders, original or successive. I do not
blame them, but rather the agents of the peo-
ple who permitted and induced the immense
swindle and frauds perpetrated upon a'defense-
less people. They bet their money on the trick
with a risk of one to three, and they won. They
simply did as you or I would have done under
the circumstances. They have reaped their
reward verily. They are about paid for their
investment with interest. They clamor for
more. The agents of the people on this floor
advocate their claim. The people must rise
in their might and majesty and assert their own
freedom by demanding to be heard on this sub-
ject. They must teach the extortioner and his
friends that their demands are too imperious,
and intervene one of the risks, the last and
only one left them, which the gambler in our
country's blood and misfortune assumed on
his investment, to wit, repudiation. Will any
sane man with the history of these claims be-
fore him dare to talk further of the patriotism,
or philanthropy, or even loyalty invested by
the bondholders of United States bonds?
I have met with men whose stock in trade in
the argument upon this subject consists prin-
cipally in abuse and denunciation of those who
adopt my views, and who do not hesitate to
affix the stigma of disloyalty, rebel, and all
that class of clap-trap or catch-pennyism which
makes up prejudice and appeals to passion, with
a view to avoid the logic and philosophy of the
argument by overwhelming their antagonist
with a charge of some imaginary antagonism
to the Government, past, present, or to come,
as if a man or nation could be weakened by
being released from an oppressive—and much
of it fraudulent and unjust—debt.
Where they are met by history and fact every
anathema thus put upon us we successfully,
relentlessly and fearlessly hurl back upon their
own unprotected heads and hearts, and they in
very despair commit themselves to the "ad
cctptandum" appeals for the widows and or-
phans whose all is invested in a few bonds, and
have the audacity to make an appeal to the poor
man to show his interest to pay the public debt,
and with unblushing effrontery assert what they
call a truism and what I call a falseism, "that
a great public debt is a national blessing.'' A
large_ public debt a blessing, indeed? Whom
does it bless, think you ? The creditor may feel,
perhaps, the blessing in the way of investment
and interest accruing therefrom. No one who
has ever felt the horror of debt beyondhis ability
to pay will bo simple enough to entertain this
proposition for a moment. I declare as well
from experience as observation, and I have
had ample opportunity for both, that there is no
earthly horror greater to a proud and sensitive
spirit than that of a large debt that one cannot
meet. Who has not felt its goad and sting to the
extent even of almost unconsciously going out
of the way to avoid meeting even a kind creditor ?
I unhesitatingly give it as my opinion that
so far from a heavy debt being a blessing to an
individual or nation it makes them the veriest
slaves upon the earth, and of that groveling
and degraded kind that not only crushes out
our seif-respect, but leaves us in a state of
abject dependence upon the whim and caprice
of' others; that extinguishes every- feeling of'
independence that an American citizen should
feel. If any man is really so simple as-to be
persuaded that debt is a blessing to any indi-
vidual or people, I will address no argument
to him, for he is "prima facie" incapable of
comprehending the force of reason or common
sense, but gathers both of these from the in-
spirations and teachings of ignorance andpreju-
dice, superinduced doubtless by considerations
of past political prejudices.
Mr. Speaker, I want it distinctly understood
that I do not favor repudiation as Democracy
or Radicalism, and I question no man's ortho-
doxy to his party for its advocacy or its opposi-
tion, and I only claim for myself the same con-
sideration. It is a doctrine older than either
Democracy or Radicalism; and while it is not
unstripped of evil and is amenable to objection
and cannot work entire justice to all, it is in
my judgment a great public necessity. • The
theory of our Government is to secure the
greatest good to the greatest number of people,
and when it is remembered that repudiation
will not affect one man or woman in a thousand,
while it will relieve from bondage and the
oppression of heavy taxation nine hundred and
ninety-nine,the question is simply, shall the one
or the nine hundred and ninety-nine be re-
garded ? Some of the gentlemen who resist
this proposition will remember that we hand
them back their own argument in relation to
abolition of slavery, only refined of its cruelty
by injury to a much smaller percentage of
injured citizens who were loyal and true to the
Government of the United States. If it was
"sauce for the goose then, it must be sauce for
the gander" now.
It' the public good required that slavery
should be abolished not by the consent of the
owners, but by the whole force of the national
Government, at the expense of thousands and
tens of thousands who were thus robbed of
the earnings of a whole generation before them,
•—widows, orphans, adults, minors—all, all to
be deprived of their bread and property for the
public good, but mostly because "other folks
did not have niggers," in my opinion, can we
not reconcile it to our sense of morals to take
one more step in this direction and obliterate
this public nuisance until our disposition, our
morals, and ability consent to pay for all or
none?
Thirty years ago, Mr. Speaker, you and
I remember that the supporters of abolition
in the United States were comparatively a
mere handful; and the two great parties of
that day thought themselves very successful
if they could only prove, as they frequently
charged each other, with sympathy with the
abolitionist. We have lived to see that hand-
ful crush out one of those parties at least, if
not both, and the politician of the North par-
ticularly who to-day cannot prove himself an
abolitionist before the birth of Christ must
pale before the zeal and ardor of many of his
contemporaries who are eager to swear they
imbibed the sentiment with the nourishment
from their mother's breast. Let no man flat-
ter himself that repudiators are but a handful
to-day. They are increasing every day, and
already are an element not to be despised by
either of the parties now before the country,
and sooner or later they will, taking the aboli-
tion party for a precedent, and in much less
time, absorb the greater part of both parties,
in my opinion, and. fortunately for both, I
think they can prove a record which will secure
either on application for membership.
But to bring up the thought, dropped awhile
ago, that repudiation will act oppressively upon
the poor widow and orphan whose all of
worldly goods is covered by Government bonds,
allow me to say this is the veriest buncombe
argument of them ally and with its Class only
showshow weak is the real argument against
repudiation to-day. Its claim that the poor
widow, and orphans now hold a considerable
amount of- bonds wholly estops their caniion-
ball argument of {patriotic bondholders who
in the dark hour of our. history rushed to pour
their dollars and patriotism alike into the lap
of the Treasury for the poor consideration of
two for- one, as it assumes their patriotism, like
Bob Aeres's courage, long since oozed out at
their.fingers' ends; and while their patriotism
is secured to history by these eulogists their
purses are rescued from the possible danger
of repudiation by the transfer of all their inter-
ests, with its accumulated profits, into the laps
of the poor widow and orphan. "O shame,
where is thy_ blush ? " The poor widow and
orphan holding, bonds!-
Poverty is a relative term as well as com-
parative. It has reference to our situation in
life, our wants, our necessities by reason of
habit or association, and it is comparative as
it resolves itself into poor, poorer, and poor-
est. This one may be poor and yet most rick
with.poorer ones. That one, though poorer
than this, yet is infinitely better off; yea, rich
in comparison with others.
It is a philosophical fact, however, that but
needs the statement, that a widow or ox-phan
who is able to own and does own bonds is really
rich, for the reason that unless they were above
want and had a surplus to invest they would not
be able to own bonds, or even to purchase them.
It is practically and demonstrably true, also,
that any one out of debt, with means to spare
from their business or living, while compara-
tively poor, are also comparatively rich, and
this drops the sympathetic appeal of these
gentlemen into the waste basket as unfit for
further consideration. Singular enough, this
argument did not occur to many of these per-
sons when they were robbing the widows and
orphans of Maryland, Missouri, Kentucky, and
Delaware of their all of dependence for sup-
port and education, and charity will not permit
us to indulge the suspicion that the difference
consists chiefly in the fact that the widows and
orphans of the one part lived in one of the
four States named, while the widows and or-
phans of the other part live in some other
State. Again I revert to the moral obligation
upon us to pay these bonds, and with it to the
power unlimited and discretionary, as claimed
by the bondholders, of the Government to tax
and control the earnings of the honest industry
of our country.
I assume that the legitimate object of gov-
ernment is to protect the right of the governed,
or, in the better language of the Declaration
of Independence—
"That governments are instituted among men to
secure certain unalienable rights, among which are
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; and when-
ever any form of government becomes destructive
of these ends it is the right of the people to alter or
abolish it."
It will appearfrom this that there are rights
of person and property older than government
and for the protection of which it was made.
Whenever government fails to do this it fails
to discharge the object for which it was created,
and can claim no moral right to enforce des-
potic taxation on the people for debt made by
its own folly. It very illy becomes the rep-
resentatives of any Government to taunt the
people for a violation of faith or morals when
their own imprudence or weaknesses have ren-
dered it indispensable to their freedom or hap-
piness to repudiate its taxation or oppression.
How can a great folly and wickedness con-
ceived and carried out in a fraternal strife sub-
ject our property, our labor, and that of our
posterity forever to tho car of slavery and
debt? Can we by any act of ours mortgage
our posterity and morally obligate them and
theirs to toil out th eir lives to pay for our folly ?
