886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
elaborate, if thought necessary, on all these
heads. I now desire to state, first, that no
large public debt was ever satisfied except by
repudiation; second, that England, France,
Russia, Prussia, and the United States are to-
daybankrupt, while their people are rich; third,
that not one of these Governments contemplates
the payment of her public debt; fourth, that
debt is an institution with each of them and
will last until repudiated; fifth, that no legis-
lation has obtained with any of them that ever
contemplated the payment of the principal.
One wordmore inanswertothean/wrcemtoi
ad hominem that they will be ruined by the
sudden extinguishment of currency, and that
every man who has a dollar bill will lose it.
All this is the merest stuff. While I make no
war in this argument upon the national banks,
sixteen hundred of which are now making
from fifteen to thirty per cent, in doing our
banking by the mere deposit of bonds of the
Government as collateral upon which to issue
ninety per cent, of their notes, I would simply
call in the circulation and wipe them out, give
up their bonds and issue greenbacks payable
in coin to represent this national bank circu-
lation. This national bank system is a mam-
moth institution, and was one of the wisest war
measures inaugurated during the lstte war. It
interested every note-holder in the success of
the Federal arms and by its marginal profit
tempted the capitalist to embark in the busi-
ness. It has accomplished its mission, and
the war having ended it ought to be abolished.
It seems to be fastened upon us, and with its
money power in and out of Congress is much
to be dreaded and not easily gotten rid of. I
shall pursue this subject at some future time.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to 'ask the
gentleman one question.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I decline to yield for
any question.
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not wish to inter-
rupt the gentleman, but I want to call his
attention to the fact 
Mr. GOLLADAY. I do not yield.
Mr. STEVENSON. I say that the note the
gentleman produced is a bill of Virginia and
not of the Colonies.
Mr. GOLLADAY. And I say that it is a
continental bill, recognized as such by the
Government of the United States, as this fact
is known to every gentleman who is familiar
with the history of his country.
Mr. STEVENSON. It is the promise of
Virginia to pay.
Mr. GOLLADAY. Certainly ; Virginia in
1781, and that is continental money ; for con-
tinental money was but the promise of the
various States to pay for the expenses of the
war assumed by the Government. I yield now
to the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Cleveland.]
Mr. BIRD. Mr. Cleveland is not in the
House. Will the gentleman yield to me ?
Mr. GOLLADAY. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIRD. Not being permitted when the
question of repudiation was before the House
in December, I desire now, since the question
is again presented, to make a few remarks upon
the subject. It is agreed upon all hands every
honest debt should be paid. It is agreed also
that to repudiate any debt honestly and fairly
contracted would be not only illegal, but so
grossly immoral as to bring down the just
reproaches of the rest of mankind. It is also
agreed that although there may exist strong
reasons for imputations of unfairness or dis-
honesty in the contraction of the debt, yet
unless that is clearly established in each indi-
vidual case it is never allowed to prevail. It is
also agreed that if the debt be the result of a
tiausaction proposed by the debtor himself,
and not in violation of law, but sanctioned by
law, he is estopped from any act of repudia-
tion.
The authorities may have made unwise con-
tracts, but that does not render them illegal or
dishonest. They were sanctioned by the laws
of the land. Advantage may have been taken
of the critical situation of the country by the
avaricious, but if the fraud was on the part of
the Government how can the Government now
plead that fraud ? The theory of the repu-
diators is that the bondholders have been guilty
of fraud, extortion, and crime. In fact the
bondholders took what the authorities offered
for such money as they had to give. If the
lender had greenbacks the Government was
willing to give its bond for them. In the ordi-
nary commercial intercourse of that day a
greenback dollar was worth that sum.
Who can now tell what bond is tainted by
fraud? And if every bond is to be repudiated
who will answer for the wrongs committed
against the widows and orphans whose whole
estates are now invested in them? For myself
and my constituents, for all the people of my
State, I declare that they cannot, for their own
honor nor for the honor of their country, con-
sent to the repudiation of the public debt.
No question was more clearly or more point-
edly presented to the people of my district in
the last congressional canvass than the duty
and obligation of the people to pay the debt
of the country according to the contract and
the law of the land.
Although the rulers of that period commit-
ted many wrongs and crimes against the rights
of the citizens of the States, yet they believe,
and then did, that the object had in view, the
preservation of the U nion, was proper and legit-
imate, and that the contracts of the Govern-
ment made in pursuance of that object under
the laws of the land should be faithfully ob-
served ; that many of the contracts were care-
lessly and recklessly made, by which the peo-
ple were made to suffer and to pay larger sums
by far than they otherwise would ; yet this mis-
conduct and mismanagement of the public
affairs in such vital particulars we charge to
the Republican party. Let that party bear
the responsibility.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I shall
occupy but a few minutes. I am not prepared
to make a speech, and do not intend to try;
but I feel that it is due to myself as one of the
humblest members of the Democratic party to
which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Gol-
laday] has referred that I should make a few
remarks. I believe in the right of the gentle-
man from Kentucky to make his speech. There
is upon the floor of this House no more stren-
uous advocate of the right of representation
than myself. This right is a subject to which
my mind has been drawn by action in this
House of Representatives. It is a right which
was questioned here by the majority. I insisted
upon it then, and I do now. The constituency
which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Golladay] represents have the full right to be
heard through him in the House of Represent-
atives upon all questions which concern them,
which concern the country, of which they are
a part.
But, Mr. Speaker, I deny the right of that
constituency, and I deny the right of that gen-
tleman on their behalf or on his own account,
to charge me, or to charge my associates upon
this side of the House, with standing upon his
platform without the courage or manhood to
declare our position. I do not feel that it is
necessary that I should say this to vindicate
myself before the Representatives of the peo-
ple, after the long term I have served in this
House, especially before those who are here
associated with me to-day.
I remarked to the gentleman from Kentucky
when he had made his attack upon me and my
friends here, and refused to allow me a moment
to answer him upon that point, that I thought
his refusal was cowardly, and my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] coincided with me.
In my judgment now the retort was just and
deserved to his charge of the want of courage
in us to stand upon the principles and to assert
before the country the principles upon which
we stand. I have never yet hesitated, I do
not now hesitate, to declare the position which
I hold here as an humble Representative, or
elsewhere, with regard to these financial ques-
tions. I have expressed myself within a few
days past upon the subject. And I claim as
much honesty, as much integrity^and asmuch
courage as the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Golladay] has a right to claim for himself,
and I allow no man here or anywhere else to
charge me unchallenged with the maintenance
of principles I do not express or avow.
Mr.'DAVIS. Will the member from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldkidge] do us the favor to
state what that principle is?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
possess himself in peace for a moment I will
endeavor to do so, or give him something in
that direction.
Mr. GOLLADAY. Let me ask a question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Oh! yes; I will yield to
the gentleman, though he would not yield to
me.
Mr. GOLLADAY. - I do not want to ask
any question in the debate, but I want to know
of the Chair what right the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] has to the floor
now. I yielded to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Bird,] and as he did not use up
all my time 1 hold that the gentleman from
Wisconsin is trenching upon my time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, thank God! I hold
the floor for once in my own right.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I agreed to yield the
rest of my time to Mr. Cleveland, of New
Jersey. He not being present, I yielded to his
colleague, Mr. Bird, and when he got through
I understood the floor reverted to me.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Church-
ill.) The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Bird] took his seat, and as no other gentle-
man rose to take the floor but the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] the Chair rec-
ognized him as entitled to the floor in his own
right.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I understood the gen-
tleman to be occupying the floor in my time,
or I should have objected.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin is speaking in his own
time.
Mr. GOLLADAY. Very well.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I could hardly have ex-
pected, after the position taken by the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Golladay] this
afternoon, to have had the opportunity to say
one word in his time, because he gave us notice,
as I understood him, that he would not permit
interruptions from any one.
I think now, as I thought then, the gentleman
from Kentucky ought not to have made the
charge which he did make against me and my
associates, that we had not the courage to
express our real opinions, and then hold the
floor as he did, refusing us the opportunity to
explain or to answer. That was the reason
that I did at that time pronounce it cowardly.
Not cowardly, I wish to say, as regards his
physical courage : not cowardly as regards his
moral courage, if you please. But, as I ex-
pressed myself at the moment, it was "cow-
ardly" in debate to make such a charge upon
me and my associates and then refuse us one
moment to make a reply, to impute to us senti-
ments or opinions which he did not know us to
entertain and prevent us from disavowing them
by arbitrarily refusing the opportunity to an-
swer. I did not by my presence and silence
wish to be placed in a false position before the
country, and I was surprised that the gentle-
man could desire I should be. T thought it,
unjust and unfair and contrary to his usually
courteous character.
Now, sir, the Democratic party so far as I
know, and of course I am authorized to speak
now, and I do speak now only for myself, have
expressed their views in no uncertain voice
upon this question of currency and the finances
of the country. Conventions of the party and
on all proper occasions leading Democrats have
