1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
;889
Mr. STEVENSON. Will it not be getting
worso all the time?
Mr". ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman has
• any in his pocket that he wants to get rid of
he can pass it over here. [Laughter.] I do
not suppose he will do anything of the kind.
Mr. STEVENSON. I differ with the gen-
tleman ; I like it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman likes it.
■ Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman
want more issued ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do want more issued.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman is a bet-
ter man than I thought he was. [Laughter.]
Now, there is one thing more I meant to
have said, and to have said it in connection
with my remarks before I was so much inter-
rupted. There is one other thing this Admin-
istration is doing that was not referred to in
the able speech of my friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Vookhees.] I want to get some light on
that subject.
' I would like to know by what right Secretary
Boutwell goes into the public markets and
buys five-twenty bonds at the rate of $1 23 for
each one dollar of the nominal-value of those
bonds ? And by what right does he at the same
time depreciate this money which my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] loves so much
to the same extent? I have never yet heard
a, sensible reason given by any man upon this
floor or off for this action of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
It is said, and my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Vooehees] very happily and eloquently alluded
- to it on yesterday, that this bonded debt of the
country was created for the purpose of saving
the life of the Government. And I have heard
this thing sung and talked of so much that I
have been led almost to feel that the men who
furnished the money for which the five-twenty
bonds were given or sold were the purest pa-
triots ill the world; not that they were truly
"loyal"—that word "loyal" I have always
despised—but that they were patriotic and gave
their money out of pure patriotism.
Some men have spoken of this particular
debt as more sacred than any other debt of the
Government. To my mind it is no more sacred,
that debt represented by the greenback, no
more sacred than any other. If there could
be any difference the greenback ought to be
the most sacred. It was a forced loan.
But there is no difference, there can be none;
the one is as sacred as the other.
Now, what I want to say is this: as no gen-
tleman responds to my question as to the author-
ity for the Secretary of the Treasury to buy
these bonds at a premium which were sold at |
a discount, wherein is the obligation to pay the
five-twenty bonds any more sacred than the
obligation to pay this one dollar bill which I
hold in my hand?
This money, this greenback currency, this
11 lawful money," is all the money that the
people, the masses have. It is all the money
that can be had by the poor, the tumble, the
weak, and the lowly in this land. What is
there about the five-twenty bond that makes it
a better debt, more entitled to be paid m gold
and silver?
Although this note by its terms is exchange-
able for five-twenty bonds, it cannot be done ;
they are payable, many of them, at the option
of the Government, but it must not be "O?1®
because it is supposed to wrong somebody.
Whom does it wrong ? It wrongs the bond-
holder; it wrongs the rich man; it wrongs the
foreign creditor who took them knowing they
were so payable; and at the same time ana by
this policy you are depreciating these notes
which are the money of the widow and the
orphan and the poor man ; you appreciate the
five-twenty bond. By what right, by what law,
by what principle of equity or justice is t e
Secretary of the Treasury authorized to go into
the market and create this difference between toe
dollars of the Government? Both are dollars;
both are rccognizcd as dollars by the Govern-
ment; both are made dollars by act of Con-
gress, yet the Secretary of the Treasury makes
this dollar twenty-three cents below its nominal
value and makes the five-twenty dollar twenty-
three cents above its nominal value. I can see
no other reason for this, Mr. Speaker, than
that it is the power of money—that power
which money is always able to exert—that does
it; it is the struggle of wealth with poverty.
The influence and power of money are felt in
this House, and .we, the Representatives of
the people, yield to the pressure.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman has asked
by what authority the Secretary of the Treasury
has done this thing. Will the gentleman permit
me to answer his question ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No ; I do not care to
have the gentleman answer the question just
now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman has called
upon this side of the House two or three times
to answer that question.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. Well, how long a time
does the gentleman desire to make his answer?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Only a minute or two.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will give the gentleman
i time to make his answer.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understood the gen-
' tleman to ask the question by what right or
authority the Secretary of the Treasury has
gone into the market and bought these bonds
at a premium sometimes of twenty per cent.
I will tell the gentleman what perhaps he well
knows or ought to know, for I believe he was
here when the act was passed, that the act of
February, 1862, provides that the gold received
for customs duties shall be applied first to the
payment of the interest on the public debt, and
the balance to the redemption or purchase of
the principal of the debt, to the extent of one
per cent, per annum, for a sinking fund. It is
by virtue of that provision of law and in the
execution of its requirements that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has gone into the market
and purchased the bonds to which the gentle-
man alludes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I say to the gen-
tleman that if he approves of the course of
the Secretary of the Treasury he is to the
extent of the difference between the value of
gold and the value of the legal tenders a repud-
iator, and he cannot escape the charge. If
the Secretary of the Treasury is pretending to
follow that provision of law, then he should
take the gold itself and buy these bonds. He
has no right to go into the market and pay a
premium of twenty-three cents inlegal-tender
currency.
Mr. BENJAMIN
The law says he shall
purchase." ...
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not care if it does.
He should purchase with gold, because gold
is set apart for that purpose. If there is any-
thing in the gentleman's argument, the pur-
chase should be made with gold. So far as
the Government fails to do this and so^far as
the gentleman sustains it in doing this it and
he are repudiators.
Mr. Speaker, I have been so often inter-
rupted I hardly know where I began. I hardly
know over what ground I have wandered, and
I certainly do not know where I shall leave
°ffI believe the Secretary of the Treasury is my
personal friend; 1 certainly am a jjersonal
friend of his. I had the honor of serving with
him on the Committee on the Judiciary during
the Fortieth Congress; my relations with him
have always been pleasant, and 1 would not
willingly do him injustice. But, sir, it when
he was pursuing the late Executive of this_ Gov-
ernment with a purpose of convicting him on
impeachment he had had such a case against
the" President as the country now has against
him for violation of the law and injury to the
business interests of the country nothing on
earth could have saved the President from
being ejected from his office. I have asked
him, I have asked members on this floor, by
what authority, by what right of law they could
go into the market at public auction to appre-
ciate the rich man's money, the bonded debt
of the country, the interest-bearing debt against
the non-interest-bearing debt, against the poor
man's money, and at the expense of over-taxed
poverty; and I have not yet been able to get
an answer. I do not believe any man can
give us a sensible reason. Every time you put
twenty-three cents into the hands of the bloated
bondholder you take'twenty-three cents from
the poor widow, the orphan child, and poverty-
stricken, tax-paying laborer of the country.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think the gentleman
forgets that while the bonds have been going
up and gold has been going down, as a conse-
quence '' greenbacks'' have also been going up.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is true; there has
been some correspondence between these
things, at all events, they have been getting
nearer together ; but it has been at the expense
and sacrifice of the business and trade of all
the agricultural States. The great interests of
labor and agricultural products are almost
destroyed. It has caused a depression and
stagnation of business that is alarming. If
gentlemen would listen to the wails of sor-
row and distress which come up from the
laboring people of the country, they would
then see that as they have risen every cent ap-
preciated has been stained with the blood of
abor, and I might add* almost every cent has
been taken from the price of wheat and other
farm products.
I propose to yield to my friend from New
Jersey, [Mr. Cusyewosc,! who stands here iu
waiting, and who would have addressed the
House if I had not by accident got the floor.
This subject is one that demands explanation
from the gentlemen of the other side. They
must explain it, or the seats which they now
occupy will be occupied by men of different
opinions in the next Congress. I now yield
to my friend from New Jersey.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I have promised to
yield five minutes to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Goliaday.]
Mr. GOLLADAY. I regret, Mr. Speaker,
that it is necessary for me to say one word in
reply to ray distinguished friend from Wiscon*
sin, who has made a " greenback" speech very
interesting to me, notwithstanding most of it
has been stereotyped and repeated over and
over again in this presence. It is always inter-
esting to me, and 1 would to God it wouhl carry
conviction to the minds of our Radical friends,
as it has to his, for while he affects to be no
repudiator at all, or only a partial repudiator,
as far.as he goes I agree with him. If I can-
not get the whole article I will take the next
best thing I can get, and next to the doctrine
of repudiation is the gentleman's theory.
Without intending at all to refer to this, as
it was all answered in my first speech, my pur-
pose is to allude to something he said, personal
to myself, at the beginning of his remarks. He
repelled what he said was a charge of coward-
ice against his party. I made no such attack
against the Democratic party as that it was
cowardly. Because I refused to yield to him
to make his usual inquiries and statements
some little portion of my time, which. I hap-
pened to get accidentally, he taunted me with
being cowardly. ,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Have your remarks read.
Mr. GOLLADAY. The accusation of the
gentleman from Wisconsin was reiterated by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees.J
who also said it was cowardly'on my part that
I did not yield. Was it a marvel therefore,
when taunted by my friends with being cow-
ardly, that I resented it? I do say tins now,
as I intended to say then, that I believe he gen-
tlemen who advocate this 'greenback theory
have made speeches directly m the interest o.
repudiation. Every attack they have maue
that these bonds were issued without coiisid-
I eration is an argument in iavor of repudiation.
