892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
humbug; they like it, they long for it, and if
they cannot persuade, force, or frighten the
Congressof the United States into humbugging
them they will even do it for themselves.
Let us see what the act says about those
bonds. The first part of the act is introductory
and should have been put in the form of a pre-
amble ; it then proceeds to enact that '' the
faith of the United States is solemnly pledged
to the payment in coin or its equivalent of all
the obligations of. the United States not bear-
ing interest, known as United States notes, and
of all the interest-bearing obligations of the
United States, except in cases where the law
authorizing the issue of any such obligations
has expressly provided that the same may be
paid in lawful money, or other currency than
gold or silver."
Is there anything in the laxvs that expressly
provides for the payment of the five-twenty
bonds in lawful money as distinguished from
coin ?
The act of February 25, 1862, the first law
authorizing the issue of five-twenties, also
authorizes the issue of $150,000,000 of Treas-
ury notes and makes them legal tenders, in
these words:
"And such notes herein authorized shall bs receiv-
able m payment of all taxes, internal duties, excises,
debts, and demands of every kind due to the United
States, except duties on imports, and of all claims
and demands against the United States of every kind
whatsoever, except for interest upon bonds and
notes, which shall be paid in coin, and shall also be
lawful money and a legal tender in payment of all
debts, public and private, within the United States,
except duties on imports and interest as aforesaid."
This act authorizes the issue of $500,000,000
of the five-twenties, and clearly this "lawful
money and a legal tender" is the kind of
money in which the bonds are payable ; there
is no other provision made for their payment,
while the interest is specially provided for. It
is further made clear by the fifth section of
the act, which says:
" Src. 5. And be. it further enacted, That all duties
on imported goods shall be paid in coin, or in notes
payable on demand heretofore authorized to bo
issued and by law receivable inpayment of public
dues; and the coin so paid shall be set apart as a
special fund and shall be applied .is follows:
" First. To the payment in coin of the interest on
the bonds and notes of the United States.
"Second. To the purchase or payment of one per
cent, of the entire debt of the United States, to be
made within each fiscal year after the 1st day of July,
1862, which is to be set apart as a sinking fund, and
the interest of which shall in like manner be applied
to the purchase or payment of the public debt as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall from time to time
direot.
" Third. The residue thereof to be paid into the
Treasury of the United States."
This act did not satisfy the public. It was
a bold innovation upon the fixed notions of the
people on the subject of finance. It was the
first legal-tender act; the first act that made
a clear distinction between two kinds of money
and described the distinct uses for each ; and
it was the first act containing that provision,
now so odious to the people in all the States,
freeing the bonds from taxation " kyand under
State authority." But we are not left even
with the faintest shadow of a doubt. The
act of March 3, 1863, authorizes a loan of
$900,000,000 of coupon or registered bonds,
payable, to use the words of the act, "not less
than ten nor more than forty years from date,
in coin," thus making a positive distinction
between these ten-forties and the five-twenties
of the act of February 25, 1862.
The Secretary of the Treasury took into con-
sideiation the difference and thought to float a
loaa payable in coin at a less rate of inter-
est. and issued the ten-forty bonds, bearing
bat four per cent, interest instead of six, but
the issue was less than $200,000,000, and just
two years afterward, March 3, 1805, another
a-ct was passed authorizing a further loan of
$600,000,000, in which discretion was given
to the Secretary of the Treasury as to time
and rate of interest, and in the words of the
act " the principal or interest, or both, niay
fcft made payable in coin or in other lawful
money," and the Secretary exercised his dis-
cretion and issued more of -the five-twenties,
payable in lawful money, but the interest was
made payable in coin as before.
I do not know the plans and purposes of
the Secretary of the Treasury except so far as
he has disclosed them to the public, but it is
evident that he is anxious to distinguish his
administration by some bold act, by some great
achievement, ana he has taken for his hobby the
funding eff the national debt at a lower rate of
interest, and, as a condition-precedent to such
an attempt he deems it necessary that an impres-
sion should be produced at home and abroad
that he is able to pay the debt rapidly, and
that he has actually commenced the work and
has made rapid and successful progress in the
herculean task. But he does not content him-
self with efforts to convince or mold the public
mind and prepare it for the proposed change
by persuasion; he threatens. In a lecture de-
livered on the 10th instant at Lincoln Hall, in
this city, he stated that—
" Nothing but the menacc of payment will induce
the holders of six percent, bonds to surrender them
and accept a bond bearing a lower rate of interest."
What does he mean by that menace ? Does
he mean that if he cannot negotiate his bonds
bearing a lower rate of interest he desires to
take advantage of the option reserved in the
five-twenties and pay them off? I know of
nothing in his financial course to warrant such
a conclusion; but I believe that that threat was
made only as a feeler, in the same manner and
for the same purpose as that statement that
appeared in the Washington Chronicle a few
days ago, to the effect that German bankers
were here offering to take $200,000,000 of
four and a half per cent, bonds, to see what
the people and press of the country would
say. Neither the threat nor the statement in
the Chronicle was sincere. The Secretary tells
us that the present enormous taxation must
continue in order that his hobby may carry
him safely. To use his own words in the
lecture alluded to, " Our power to place anew
loan at a reduced rate of interest is, in my
judgment, wholly dependent upon the magni-
tude of our surplus revenues."
This is a most deceptive proposition, but it
is probable that the Secretary is himself de-
ceived. He forgets that all taxes are a forced
tribute to the taxing power, and that it is possi-
ble to tax a people till they cannot longer bear
the burden he would place upon them. He
counts the people able simply because they
do pay the tax; he counts his neighbor a man
of wealth able to pay large outstanding debts
simply because his family expenses are ex-
treme, forgetting that those very expenses use
up the estate, and prevent the payment of his
paper at maturity without great distress. Like
the boy in the old story of childhood, his im-
patience to reach the hidden wealth would lead
him to destroy the goose that lays the golden
egg. He would tax the people in order to show
the "magnitude of our surplus revenues," till
they could no longer pay the tax; and as ex-
tremes are apt to meet, I believe he would
kindle a fire within his own parts*—a party that
maintains itself and thrives upon the violation
of law, that would ultimately extend at least
to partial repudiation and a violent reduction
of the taxes. For I believe that if ever the idea
of repudiation is accepted by any considerable
number of the American people it will be
found to be in the Republican party in the
western States, and the Democratic party will
then, as now and always, be leaned upon by
Government as a check and a dependence in
its hour of need. But the question of the kind
of money in which to pay the public debt can-
not be settled by any declaratory act of the
Forty-First Congress. There are people to come
after us, and among whom I trust wiser coun-
sels will prevail, a different atmosphere will
surround them, and a strict obedience to law
and a just appreciation of the great responsi-
bilities in providing for the future of this coun-
try will characterize their acts.
The position of the Secretary of the Treasury
is extreme; it is harsh : it is uncalled for by any
of the exigencies of the Government; it will
not snceeed in accomplishing the end he de-
sires ; it will lead to commercial ruin and
destroy the ability of the people to pay. The
ruinous effects of this extreme taxation are
already felt far and wide in the country. _ The
terrible state of trade in 1867-68 it was believed
was caused by a transition not yet completed
from a state of war and over-trading, with its
inflated values, to a state of peace with a more
restricted trade and diminished values ; and it
was hoped, and in fact widely proclaimed by
the -Republican party—and to this may in part
be attributed its present success—that there
would be an honest collection of the revenues,
an economical administration of the Govern-
ment, an equalization and a large reduction
of the taxes, and a modification of the tariff
to meet the necessities of a suffering peo-
ple. . ,
From a wide acquaintance in commercial
circles I am of the opinion that the total gains
in trade for the year 1867 were bnt very slight,
and that for the year 1868 the classes of trade
in which there have been gains enough to cover
the necessary family expenses of the trades-
men have been fortunate; and if we except
the southern States, I believe the actual trading
capital of the country has been to a limited
extent really diminished during the year 1869.
I am not discouraged by this state of things.
We can understand the cause and by a wiser
legislation apply the remedy.
The Secretary of the Treasury says, raise
up the taxes, lift them up mountain high, and
do not reduee the " magnitude of our surplus
revenues," but reduce the debt with unheard
of speed. Does he know what it means to
reduce the debt rapidly? It means to bind upon
ourselves and upon the generation after us
burdens that no people can quietly bear ; it
means that capital shall rest in the lap of lux-
ury while suffering and hunger pervade the
tenement of the poor. But we must not take
the advice of the Secretary ; we must take the
opposite course ; we must open wide the door
for banking facilities ; there must be no more
monopoly or partiality ; we must remove the
tax from State bank notes, retire the national
bank circulation, and substitute greenbacks ;
set free the $75,000,000 of reserves now locked
up and useless to the country; abolish the
income tax, stop the forced reduction of the
public debt, cut down the appropriations to
thes mallest practicable point, reduce the ex-
penses and simplify the machinery of Gov-
ernment, reduce the Army to a proper peace
footing, reduce the taxes $100,000,000 for the
coming year, and throw a little more manly
sincerity into the legislation of the country.
By this course we shall inspire confidence at
home and abroad in the value of our securities
and the stability of our finances. A voluntary
funding of the debt at a lower rate of interest,
now impossible, would become comparatively
easy, and our Secretary of the Treasury would
be spared the humiliation of ever again being
called upon to acknowledge that the deprecia-
tion of the currency was due, in his own words,
" to a want of faith in the Government." The
shade of gloom that settles year by year darker
and deeper over us all will quietly pass away, and
prosperity, like the sunshine of heaven that
bestows its blessings upon all alike, will again be
ours. The country will start into new life, and
we shall ourselves be surprised at the matchless
energies, marvelous genius, and varied indus-
tries of our people, and other nations will be
amazed at our progress in all the arts of peace
as they were at our skill iu war, and at the
elevated standard of civilization and the uni-
versal happiness in the great Republic.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
