1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rale, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: The petition of H. W.
Waterburg and 35 others, citizens of Fayette
and vicinity, Iowa, praying Congress to abol-
ish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of M. W. Oathoufc and 93
others, citizens of Clayton county, Iowa, pray-
ing Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of F. P.
Houser, postmaster of Grantcity, Worth county,
Missouri, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of George Weber, post-
master, and 52 others, citizens of Forest city,
Missouri, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of F. A. Thompson, post-
master, and 44 others, citizens of Phelps city,
Missouri, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of J. H.
Armstrong and others, of Nankin, Michigan,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Charles Chandler and
Others, of Clinton, Michigan, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of J. P. Raymond and
others, of Clayton, Michigan, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of George A. Hicks and
others, ofRansom, Michigan, to the same effect.
Also, the petition of Joseph Cressey, of
Michigan, for pension.
Also, the petition of Edward Simonds and
others, of Northville, Michigan, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Jacob Turk and others,
to the same effect.
Also, the petition of B. Farnsworth and
others, of Pittsford, Michigan, to the same
effect.
Also, the petition of H. Wakely and others,
of Michigan, to the same effect.
Also, the memorial of the Detroit Manufac-
turers' Association, asking legislation on the
industrial and financial questions referred to
in certain resolutions of said association.
Also, the petition of James Innes and others,
of Perrinsville, Michigan, for abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. BENJAMIN : A large number of
petitions from the eighth district of Missouri,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
David C. Thrasher and 25 others, citizens of
Freetown, Massachusetts, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of George F. Hatch and
41 others, citizens of East Pembroke, Massa-
chusetts, praying for the same.
Also, the memorial of H. L. Adams and 41
others, citizens of Kingston, Massachusetts,
praying for the same.
Also, the memorial of Seth B. Chase and 39
others, citizens of Chilmark, Massachusetts,
praying for the same.
. By Mr. BURCHARD : Petitions of citizens
of Fulton, Elizabeth, and Fair Haven, Illinois,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. CAKE A petition for the abolition
of the franking privilege, signed by citizens of
Mahanoy city, Schuylkill county,Pennsylvania.
Also, a petition for the abolition ofthefrank-
ing privilege, signed by citizens of Cressona,
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania.
' By Mr. CESSNA: A petition of citizens
of Bedford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
protection to American industry, and remon-
strating against the policy of Commissioner
Wells.   
Also, a petition for the abolition of the irank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. COX: The petition of John C. Hop-
per and other merchants of New York city, as
to the tariff on liquors.
By Mr. HAY: Petitions of citizens of
Sparta, Coulterville, New Athens, Steelemill-
town, and Freeburg, Illinois, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege, and for the
prepayment of postage on all printed matter.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of John
Lancaster, Michael Daily, and 60 others, citi-
zens of Clark county, Indiana, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of George. W. Potter,
John Zulauff, and 105 others, citizens of Jef
fersonville, Indiana, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. McCARTHY: The petition of Peter
R. Tonner and 38 others, citizens of Blodget
Mills, New York, praying Congress to abolish
the franking privilege.
By Mr. MAYNARD :■ The petition of St.
George L. Mallony, company C, sixth Tennes-
see volunteers, praying for an increase of pay.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The petition of
R. A. Tulton arid 67 others, of New England,
Athens county, Ohio, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Conrad Bohl and 73
others, citizens of Waterford, Washington
county, Ohio, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of John Hobson and
132 others, citizens of Plymouth, Washington
county, Ohio, for theabolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of W. Athey and 56 others,
citizens of Bonn, Washington county, Ohio,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of H. F. Middleswart and
30 others, citizens of Lower Newport, Wash-
ington county. Ohio, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. M. Swaim and 43
others, citizens of Selina, Athens county, Ohio,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of D. S. Hannum and 43
others, citizens of Long Bottom, Meigs county,
Ohio, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of How-
ard Crooke and a large number of others, citi-
zens of Daviess and Martin counties, in the
State of Indiana, praying the establishment of
a mail route from Loogootee, via Raglesville,
to Clark's Prairie, in that State.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Caleb
B. Wick and 5 others, manufacturers of cotton
ties, of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying Congress for
a more equitable adjustment of the tariff duties
on cotton ties.
Also, a petition and memorial .of the Ladies'
Seamen's Friend Society of San Francisco,
California, praying Congress for legislation for
the better protection of seamen.
Also, the petition of Samuel M. Nutt and
69 others, citizens of Euphemia, Ohio, praying
Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Ephraim Kibbey and
22 others, citizens of Hopkinsville, Ohio,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of John McMeelian and
112 others, citizens of Dorrtown, Ohio, pray-
ing Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Jonathan Davisson and
40 others, citizens of West Manchester, Ohio,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of Ebenezer Ferris and
14 others, citizens of East Sycamorc, Ohio,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege- . .
By Mr. SHANKS: The petition of Dr. D.
S. Skinner and 63 other persons, of Salimoma
post office, Jay county, Indiana, asking the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of General N. Stone and
70 other persons, of Winchester, Indiana, ask-
ing the repeal of the franking privilege.
By Mr. UPSON : The petition of George C.
Upson and 142 others, citizens of Cuyahoga
Falls, Ohio, for the abolition of the franking
privilege. .
Also, the petition of Alfred Baldwin and
821 others, citizens of Akron, Ohio, on the
same subject.
Also, the petition of John Hill and'48 others,
citizens of Western Star, Ohio, on the same
subject.
Also, the petition of John D. Miller and 41
others, citizens of Franklin township, Ohio, on
the same subject.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The petitions of S. Williston and 100others, of
East Hampton; James M. Fordand 30 others,
ofRowe; A. Bowen and 50 others, of Shelburne
Falls, and William S. Shipman and-50 others,
of Hadley, in the State of Massachusetts, pray-
ing the total abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition; of George
Hites and 6 others, soldiers of the war of 1812,
asking that a pension be granted to the soldiers
of that war.
By Mr. WOODWARD : The petition of citi-
zens of Birchardville, Susquehanna county,
Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 31, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
CORRECTION OF TUN JOURNAL.
Mr. POMEROY. I notice in the reading of
the Journal, awl I have noticed it two or three
times lately, that it says "After an executive
session the Senate adjourned." It should say
" After an executive session, the doors being
opened, the Senate adjourned;" because if we
adjourn in executive session we must meet iu
executive session when we come together again.
We cannot adjourn iti executive session and
meet in open session. The record should read,
" After executive session, the doors being
opened, the Senate adjourned."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will take notice of the suggestion of the Senator
from Kansas.
HOUSE 1SILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1000) providing for the
election of a Superintendent of Public Printing
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Printing.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting the draft of a bill for the re-
organization of the marine hospital service ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Commissioner of Patents, transmitting, in
compliance with law, his annual report for the
year ending December 81, 1869 : which was
referred to the Committee on Patents, and
ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memo-
rial of the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin,
asking for the improvement of the Wisconsin
and Fox rivers; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of .the State of Missouri, asking for
bounties and pensions to enrolled Missouti
militia the same as United States soldiers;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. _
He also presented a memorial of" the city
council of Central City, in the Territory of
Colorado, asking the passage of a bill intro-
duced in the House of Representativesby Hon.
Allen A. Bradford, on the 22d day of March
A. D. 1869, entitled "A bill for the relief of the
inhabitants of the cities of Black Hawk and
Central City and the town of Georgetown, iu
the Territory of Colorado which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
