894:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Mr. CONKLING. I present the proceed-
ings of the Board of Trade of the city of Al-
bany, New York, in reference to the erection
of a public building in that city; and as several
petitions on this subject have been transferred
from the Committee on Appropriations to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
I move the reference of these proceedings to
the latter committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a large
number of petitions of citizens of the State of
New York, from Palmyra, New York; Mont-
gomery, New York; Bethel, Sullivan county,
New York; Gravesville, Now York; Nassau,
New York; West Vienna, New York; Stark
and South Schodaok, Rensselaer county—all
asking the abolition of an evil practice con-
nected with the mails, and all expressing a
great desire that the bill which we have re-
ceived from the House should pass this .body
promptly. At least that is the effect, if not
the tenor, of the petitions. I move that they
be referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Jos.
Boone, of Texas, praying for the removal of
his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented four petitions of citizens
of Massachusetts, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have received a large
bundle of petitions, containing the signatures
of some five thousand persons in the city of
Chicago, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; and in presenting them to the
Senate and asking that they be referred I will
state they come in an envelope addressed to
myself which is marked with an excess of
postage of $3 72. I do not exactly know from
whom it is to be collected ; whether I am to
pay it or whether it is to be got out of some
uther fund. I move the reference of these
petitions to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL also presented a memorial
of the Cayuga Chief Manufacturing Company
of Mowers and Reapers, praying for a reduc-
tion of the duty on imported steel; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I present three several
petitions, just arrived from Oregon, asking for
the abolition of the franking privilege; one
from Ashland Mills, one from Jackson county,
and one from Roseburg. I move their refer-
ence to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented peti-
tions of citizens of Wells river, Vermont; Hart-
ford, Windsor county, Vermont; West Roch-
ester, Vermont; Quechee, Vermont; Claren-
don Springs, Rutland county, Vermont; Saint
Johnsborough, Vermont; Bast Gaysville, Ver-
mont; Bradford Center, Vermont; and West
Marlborough, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which were referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS. I present three petitions from
different points in the State of Kentucky, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
I will observe to the friends of that privilege
that they had better "hang out their banners
on the outer walls, for the cry is, still they
come." I ask that they be referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
They were so referred.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I present numerous
petitions from citizens of South Carolina, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
One petition in particular is from the Folger
family, of Pickens county. On that petition
are ten names, and six of them are of the Fol-
ger family. I move that these petitions be
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of cit-
izens of Kansas, asking for the appointment
of land commissioners, to be composed of
well-known, disinterested friends of the freed
people, with authority to appoint agents whose
duty it shall be to cooperate with individuals
and associations among the hitherto enslaved
for the selection and purchase of eligible
lands for homesteads. In presenting this peti-
tion I desire to say that from the beginning I
have considered that one essential part of re-
construction was a piece of land for the freed-
men, and I hope that it is not too late to
accomplish that result. I ask the reference
of this petition to the Committee on Public
Lands.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of Robert Webster, of Augusta, Georgia, for-
merly a slave, in which he sets forth at length,
with accompanying papers, the loss of some
ten thousand dollars or more of his property
that was taken by the Army under General
Sherman; and he asks compensation therefor.
I move the reference of this petition and the
accompanying papers to the Committee on
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present the petition of
Ames D. Smith & Co. and others, setting forth
that by reason of the increase of population
and the commerce of the city of Providence
and the facilities of internal communication
which render it the eiitrepdt of many portions
of the neighboring States, the navigation there
has largely increased, and that it is very much
impeded by a rock called "Bulk Head Rock,"
situated in the channel between Field and Sabin
points, and asking an appropriation to blast
that rock and establish permanent lights at
Sassafras, Field, and Sabin points, and at
"Great Bed," so called. In commending this
petition to the favorable consideration of the
Committee on Commerce, to which I ask its
reference, I desire to state that the facts are
within my knowledge, and that the demand is
very pressing.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. I present a large num-
ber of memorials from citizens of Michigan,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege, and I likewise have in my hand several
letters from highly respectable gentlemen there
to the same purport, one of whom says: "I
believe that ninety-nine out of every one hun-
dred persons in the country would vote for the
abolition of this privilege if they could have
the opportunity."
Now, Mr. President, I am in favor of the
repeal of this miscalled privilege for the reason
that it is a nuisance, and if these petitioners
would pray "for the abolition of the franking
nuisance" I think it would be more appropri-
ate. I have been for years in favor of its
repeal, and I now call upon my friend from
Minnesota [Mr. Ramsby] to report a bill that
will enable us to abate this franking nuisance,
and do it at an early day, for I am anxious to
vote for its repeal as a nuisance, not as a
privilege.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator had an oppor-
tunity to vote upon it the other day when the
Vice President laid the House bill on the sub-
ject before the Senate. I did not observe that
he did so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petitions will
be referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. HOWELL. I present a memorial of
the General Assembly of the State of Iowa, in
favor of what is the unanimous sentiment of
that State, the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege. I ask that it be printed and referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
It was so ordered. . ,
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to present a me-
morial of citizens and merchants of Bpston.who
are interested in the mercantile service there,
who set forth that any action of Congress that
shall tend to lower the standard of the Navy
must necessarily reactupon the.marine.service;
and therefore they ask Congress to act with
extreme caution in taking any such step, I
move the reference of this memorial to, the
Committee on N'aval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I also present a memorial
of citizens of Albany, New York, on the same
subject; which. I ask to have referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
It was so ordered.
Mr. CONKLING-. I presentthe petition of
John H. Chedell, president of the Southern
Central Railroad Company of New York, ask-
ing that the import duty on iron rails be reduced
to one half cent per pound and the duty on,
steel rails to three fourths of a cent a pound,
and that there be no .increase of duty upon
other varieties of iron and steel used in the
construction and maintenance of railways. I
move that it be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented a memorial ofthe mayor
and the board of supervisors of the city and
county of San Francisco, California, praying
that the lines of a certain reserve within the
corporate limits of the city of San Francisco
may be so changed that the western line of Van
Ness avenue shall form its eastern boundary
and so much of said reserve as lies east of that
line may be relinquished to said city and county,
subject to the provisions of the ordinance to
quiet land titles in the city of San Francisco ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Petaluma, California, and a petition from
citizens of Lexington, Santa Clara county,
California, asking for the abolition ofthe frank-
ing privilege; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. Eliza-
beth G. Potts, of California, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
. Mr. PATTERSON presented several peti-
tions of citizens of New Hampshire, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege;
which were referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SAWYER. I present three petitions of
citizens of South Carolina, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege, one of which is
forwarded to me, as the person who writes in
reference to it says, "by order of the Post-
master General;" another is forwarded with
the assertion that he could have got one hun-
dred more names if he had had blanks enough.
I move their reference to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Welaker, Putnam county, Florida,
praying for the abolition ofthe franking privi-
lege ; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. ABBOTT presented several petitions of
citizens of North Carolina, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. SCHURZ presented several petitions of
citizens of Missouri, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were referred
to the Committee on Post .Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. HAMILTON presented two petitions of
citizens of Maryland, praying for the abolition
