1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
deficiency of land. Those lands had been a
long time m the market before the grant was
made, and it is impossible to make up the de-
ficiency within the prescribed limits. On the
upper part of the grant, however, there is a
surplus of some seven hundred thousand acres.
This resolution simply authorizes that to be
done which would have been clearly within
the provision of the law if the original grant
had not been divided and given to two com-
panies, namely, to have the deficiencies which
belong to the lower branch inure on the line
of the original grant.
Mr. NORTON. I will inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands whether
this resolution allows the company to go over
into the State of Minnesota?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; only within the
Stateof Wisconsin. We liavenever alloweda
road in one State to take land in another.
Mr. NORTON. I know that has been the
general rule ; but I did not know but this bill
might propose to change that rule.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Kansas whether this joint
resolution has been before the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; and was reported
on the 10th of March last, at the short, session
we had after the 4th of March, after this Con-
gress began.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have not been able to
find it on my file, and I have no recollection
of it, although doubtless the statement of the
chairman of the committee must be correct.
Mr. CARPENTER. It was reported at the
last session.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to inquire
whether this road has been built; that is, the
beneficiary organization?
_ Mr. CARPENTER. I understand that
sixty-six miles of the road are now in opera-
tion, and the other portion is advancing in con-
struction just as rapidly as it can be pushed.
Mr. HARLAN. What length of road re-
mains to be constructed?
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not know the
whole distance. I think about one half is con-
strue! ed from Tomah to Hudson, though I am
not certain ; sixty-six miles, I think.
Mr. RAMSEY. The length of the road from
Tomah to Hudson is about one hundred and
fifty miles.
Mr. CARPENTER. Thatis what I thought.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the probable amount
of deficiency of land within the limits of the
road now under consideration ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I think about one hun-
dred and fifty thousand acres. It is a small
matter; but it is desired to make the grant
what it was intended to be.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Kansas state what quantity of land is affected
by this joint resolution?
Mr. POMEROY. It will affect, I should
judge from the map I saw, about one hundred
and fifty thousand acres. That is only an
approximate guessing. I do not know the
exact amount; I never footed up the number
of acres.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is about one hun-
dred and fifty thousand acres short on the
lower grant, and there is a surplus of seven
hundred and fifty thousand acres on the upper
grant, as I understand.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
WILLAMETTE COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. S95.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 895) to establish the collection district of
Willamette, in the State of Oregon, was read
the second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The bill proposes to constitute all that por-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 57.
tion of the district of Oregon situated above
the junction of the Willamette and Columbia
rivers, and drained by those rivers and their
tributary waters, a collection district, to be
called the Willamette district, whereof Portland
is to be the port of entry ; and a collector is to
be appointed for the district, to reside at Port-
land, who is to be allowed a salary of $1,000
per annum, with the fees allowed by law; such
salary and fees not to exceed in any one year
$3,000. J
The master of every vessel entering the Co-
lumbia river from the sea and bound for Port-
land is to exhibit his papers to the collector
of the port of Astoria, and deposit with him a
sworn copy of the manifest of cargo; and if the
vessel be laden with domestic merchandise or
merchandise in bond for Portland the collector
at Astoria is to permit her to proceed to her
place of destination ; but if she shall have
dutiable merchandise on board notbonded he is
to cause a customs officer to proceed on board
the vessel to Portland, who shall see that no
goods are landed from such vessel before her
arrival and entry at the latter port. And the
necessary expenses, including theper diem, of
such officer and the expense of his return to
Astoria, are to be paid by the master of the
vessel to the collector of customs at Portland,.
for the use of the United States, before permit
shall be given to unload.
All vessels clearing from Portland andbound
to sea shall on arrival at Astoria report to
the collector, and the master of every vessel
so reporting shall leave a copy of his mani-
fest, including any additional cargo taken on
board after leaving Portland, with the col-
lector at Astoria, and thereupon shallbe allowed
to proceed to sea. And the master or other
person in charge or command of any vessel
entering the Columbia river from the sea. or
clearing from Portland and bound to sea as
before described, who shall neglect to exhibit
his papers, or to report to the collector, or to
deposit of his manifest, as thus required, shall
forfeit and pay the sum of $100.
When a vessel shall arrive at Astoria from
sea having merchandise on board for that place
and also for Portland, such vessel shall enter
at Astoria and discharge such portion of her
cargo as is destined for that place, whereupon
the collector shall cause her hatches to be
closed and sealed, and shall then permit her
to proceed to Portland in charge of a customs
officer, as hereinbefore provided.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
THE CURRENCY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Senate resumes the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 378) to pro-
vide a national currency of coin notes and to
equalize the distribution of circulating notes,
the pending question being on the amendment
offered by the Senatorfrom Indiana, [Mr. Mon-
tox,] to increase the amount named in the first
section from $45,000,000 to $52,000,000, upon
which question the Senatorfrom Michigan [Mr.
Chandler] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the debate pro-
ceeds I should like the Senator from Indiana
to withdraw his amendment for a moment in
order to allow me to offer two amendments
from the Committee on Finance, which I be-
lieve he will agree to.
Mr. MORTON. Very well; I will do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report two amend-
ments to this bill, one of which I will send to
the Secretary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio, from the Committee on Finance,
presents the following amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California rise to speak to this amend-
ment?
CASSERLY. I have no objection to
any of these amendments, but I have a matter
which I should like to bring before the Senate
which will occupy but a few minutes, if the
Senator from Ohio will allow me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In regard to the
currency bill?
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir; in regard to a
resolution which is now on tho table of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan is in possession of the floor. The
Senator from California desires to occupy a
moment or two, as the Chair understands,
upon a resolution now on the table of the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. What resolution is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is Senate resolution
No. Ill, with regard to the seizure of whisky
in California, upon which I desire to say a few
words.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must respectfully object.
We are under an agreement, or partial agree-
ment, to get through with this bill to-day, and
I feel bound therefore, so far as one objection
can, to keep it before the Senate. To-morrow,
no doubt, the Senator will have an opportunity
to call up that resolution.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the Senator from
Ohio will not object if he understands that this
resolution was offered by myself on Friday and
left upon tho table because I did not wish to
interrupt the discussion of the currency bill on
that day, and it is a matter which is somewhat
local in interest and somewhat personal to
myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object to-day. In
the position iu which I am placed I am com-
pelled to do so. I am sorry to interfere with
the honorable Senator, but he will no doubt
have an opportunity to speak to-morrow. To-
day, under the stringent rule which has been
adopted, I feel bound to insist on proceeding
with this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan has yielded to the Senator
from Ohio, who on behalf of the Committee
on Finance, offers an amendment, which will
be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in section three, lines eight, nine, and
ten to strike out the words " equal in amoilnt
to ninety per cent, of the gold value of the
bonds deposited, bat not exceeding eighty per
cent, of thsir par value," and in lieu thereof
to insert "not exceeding in amount eighty per
cent, of the par value of the bonds deposited
so that the section will read :
Sec. g. And be it further enacted, That upon the
deposit of any United States bonds bearing inter-
est payabloin gokl with the Treasurer of tho United
States in tho manner prescribed in tho nineteenth
and twontieth sections of tho national currency aot
it shall bo lawful for the Comptroller of tho Cur-
rency to issuo to (he association making the same
circulating notes of different denominations, not loss
than five dollars, not exceeding in amount eighty
per cent, of the par value of tho bonds deposited;
which notes shall bear upon their face tho promise
of tho association to which they are issued to pay
them upon presentation at the office of tho associa-
tion in gold or silver coin of the Unitod States, and
shall bo redecmabio upon such presentation in such
coin.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to state that this
amendment is offered at the request of the
Secretary of the Treasury to avoid a compound
ratio. It does not change the effect.
The VICE PRESIDENT., The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that by the par-
liamentary condition of this bill he does not
need the withdrawal of the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana in order to give notice
of this amendment. This will have to be re-
served, however. The pending question before
the Senate was to strike out the first two sec-
tions of the bill and insert a section proposed
by the Senatorfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
neb.] The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mon-
roe] moved to perfect the part proposed to be
