900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
effect until after the expiration of six months from
the passage of this aet.
Mr. WARNER. I suggest that the words I
first proposed be inserted at the beginning of
the section. That will make it clearer, because
the effect of this proviso' now would be to limit
the other. I ask that it be read as I proposed
it to stand.
The Chief Clem. It is proposed to insert:
Andbe it further enacted. That after the expiration
of six months from the passage of this aet any bank-
ing association located in any Stale, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is one
portion of that amendment which I think is a
little sharper than any Yankee provision I have
ever seen ; which is, to provide that the banks
may remove from the North and go South, and
yet that this shall not be counted as any por-
tion of the southern banking privileges.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not counted as any por-
tion of the $45,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not counted
in the amount provided for by this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is counted afterward
as a portion of their circulation, but not as a
part of the $45,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Idonotcon-
ceive there is any object in having the bill with
that section in it. With that provision in I am
opposed to it. We have not any more capital
in the North than we desire should remain
there; and if when removed it cannot be
counted as a portion of the amount allotted to
the South I prefer that the banks that would
lie removed should wind up and employ their
capital about some other business at home.
Therefore, so far as thatprovision is concerned,
I shall vote against it.
Mr. MORTON. I would suggest to the
Senator from Vermont that while under this
amendment the banks removing West will not
be counted as part of the capital allowed there
under this bill, yet by the terms of the amend-
ment they are to be counted as part of what
those States are entitled to under the original
act, as by the terms of the amendment he will
see.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, lam opposed
to it even with that explanation, for I expect
that long before those States will get what they
would really be entitled to banking will be
made free, and then every State will have
whatever it may desire; and this putting of
the banks of the United States upon wheels
and letting them move wherever they please,
and not having what they take with them
counted under the provisions of this bill in
the States to which they go, I am utterly
opposed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I have listened with a
good^ deal of surprise to tho objection made
to this amendment coming from States which
complain of a deficiency of bank circulation.
I am no better able to understand than the
honorable Senator from Oregon [Mr. Wil-
liams] how it could be in reason or in motive
the subject of complaint that people from
abroad should go with capital and with enter-
prise into any community, and I have waited
to hear the objection which has now been
made by the honorable Senator from Vermont,
in which I concur fully.
Let me see if I am wrong in the practical
operation and effect of the amendment. The
whole Union, all parts of it, are to be put in
competition with those portions of the country
in which banking enterprises are most common
now. In other words, every community in
which banking facilities are extensively found
is to hold its ground against all comers, and
bo in danger from all comers of a loss and
transfer of capital now embarked in the busi-
ness of banking.
If the competition itself were to be such as
to offer inducements for the transfer of capital
from banking business to other branches of
business in the same communities in which
the capital now resides it would be a vei'y dif-
ferent matter; but every community in New
England and in New York in which abank is
located is by the operation of the amend-
ment exposed to the removal of that bank
and its capital if there can be found anywhere
in the Union a more advantageous ioeation.
Can this be defended?
A business which is carried on without fran-
chise, without valuable license, has its own
competition and finds its own opportunity
everywhere ; but when a business is artificially
fostered, when its life is the franchise it receives
by law, can it be defended that bounties should
be offered in behalf of one section or certain
sections of the country against other sections ?
The transfer of a franchise, or rather clothing
a. franchise with the privilege to rove, is a very
different thing from allowing capital to seek its
own field or locality of investment. If New
England has done that for which she deserves
punishment, if New York deserves to be pun-
ished or corrected, so be it; let us have pun-
ishment in a direct and more simple way.
The crime of New York consists in this:
banking capital in the cities of New York,
Boston, and Philadelphia of about one hun-
dred and nineteen million dollars advanced
$100,000,000 to the Government at the com-
mencement of the war, and following this offer-
ing, measures were adopted to strike down in
the State of New York the best banking system
yet known ; to trample State banks under foot,
and compel Now York with other States to
walk under the yoke of' tho national banking
system. The honorable Senator from Maine
[Mr. Moreill] gave the other day a wholesome
and clear account of some of the steps taken
to induce New York and to stimulate the
reluctance of New York and other States to
come into and come underthe national banking
system. If the condition of banking facilities
prevailing in New England, and in less degree
in New York, is a proper case for reformation,
so be it; but I insist upon it that this is an
unsound mode of readjustment.
There is no sufficient reason why individuals
assembled in the management of a bank in the
State of Vermont should receive a license to put
their bank on wheels and move it from place
to place until they come to that place which
may be more profitable than any other for the:
continuance of their business. Therefore,
though it seems to me that the States to which
these transfers are to be made have no reason
to complain, other States have much reason
to complain of a provision which offers a bounty
in behalf of every deficient section of the coun-
try for the withdrawal of the banks and the
banking facilities which have grown up there.
Therefore I, too, shall be constrained to vote
against this amendment.
The question being put, a division was called
for.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment as amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is it in order
now to offer as a substitute for the proposition
the original amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. ThenI offer it.
Mr. SHERMAN. We are in the midst of a
division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the usage of
the Senate debate is allowed until the vote is
counted and announced by the Chair. The
Senator from Vermont rose in time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
original amendment in its printed form. I do
not desire to consume any time 
Mr. HOWE. Let the amendment be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read
by the Secretary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am in-
formed by the Secretary that my motion is not
now in order, but will be in order in the Sen-
ate. I desire to say that the proposition as
originally introduced is itself of some ques-
tionable utility, and it was only by constraint
that I was willing to go even for that. I think
it may operate well in some instances, but it
is possible that some speculators might buy up
a bank and manage it so that it would be of
very questionable utility wherever it should
go. In the form now presented under the vari-
ous amendments I shall be compelled to vote
against it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Vermont does not propose his amendment at
present. The question is on the amendment
as amended.
Mr. WARNER. As I understand the objec-
tion of the Senator from Vermont and the
Senator from New York, it is the fear that
their constituents may go into those States
having less than their share of circulation with
their capital. The amendment, as amended,
simply provides that to the extent of $45,000,-
000 the people of these States who are con-
fessedly without their share of circulation
shall have the priority for six months.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
objection to that part of the proposition to
delay it for six months, but it is to the proviso
that I object.
Mr. WARNER. The effect of the proviso
is simply that the people of these States shall
not be deprived of the right of getting the ben-
efits of this act by any such transfer. It seems
to me very just.
Mr. ABBOTT. I offered this amendment
simply to facilitate the passage of the amend-
ment of the committee. I am greatly sur-
prised that the Senator from New York, or the
Senator from Vermont, or any Senator repre-
senting the States which have a surplus of issue
now, should object to it. Why, sir, the objec-
tion has been here all the while that we were
forcing circulation out of those States; we were
compelling them to send it away; and now
all we say is that they can send it away if
they please and that it shall not be deducted
from this general new issue that is provided
for.
If it is true, as has been said by every one
of the Senators representing the States who
have an overissue, that they had no more
banking capital than they wanted, that they
would be embarrassed if they lost any, I should
like to know what the probability is of that cap-
ital running out of those States?
Mr. MORTON. None whatever.
Mr. ABBOTT.. Therefore I hope the amend-
ment I offered will be adopted.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I have been
all along inclined to vote for this bill, and prob-
ably shall do so now, for the reason that I
believe the people of the southern States and
some of the western States need more circula-
tion, and that for some reason or other the New
England States and some of the middle States
have more than their share. But when I find
Senators from those States objecting to receiv-
ing more than ยง45,000,000, more than the ori-
ginal offer in this bill, for the reason that certain
men who have money may not have an oppor-
tunity to invest it in banking, I am led to hesi-
tate and to consider. I supposed that they
asked for this for the benefit of the people, for
the benefit of business, not for men who have
money to invest. I may vote for this amend-
ment, but I wish to say to those gentlemen that
there is very little danger that the people of
New England or of New York will go down
into their States and beg for the privilege of
banking there. They need not be alarmed on
that subject. If they do not need any more
than $45,000,000, say so.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, this is an indi-
rect way of supplying the States that are des-
titute of banking facilities with what properly
belongs to them. If $45,000,000 are not suf-
ficient, if $45,000,000 of circulation do not
afford the amount of circulating medium that
they need, then increase it to $50,000,000 or
$75,000,000, or so much else as maybe neees-
