1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
sary to supply them with what they are justly
entitled to.
Sir, there is difference between capital going
into a new State with a very valuable franchise
and capital going there without that franchise.
The Senator from New York must certainly
see the difference between these associations
being transferred from his State or from New
England to the South and the West with avery
valuable franchise and the capital from those
States going there, as other capital goes, with-
out such franchise. And I will remind my
friend from New Hampshire that this whole
national bank legislation has reference to the
benefit of the bankers and not of the people.
It is not the people of any part of the Union,
as a rule, that are benefited by these bank-
ing laws. They all have reference—nearly
every step that is taken in the way of modifying
these banking laws and every step that has
been taken to establish the system have had
reference to the interests of the capitalists, the
bankers, and not the business of the commu-
nities. I have what I regard as good inform-
ation that the business of the country is but
little benefited by these national banks. Sel-
dom, indeed, have they any money to lend to
the legitimate business men of the country.
As a rule they are able to point you to some
man who can lend money, some stockholder
in the bank; but it very rarely occurs that they
will discount paper on any fair interest for the
benefit of legitimate business.
I am opposed to the whole national banking
system, i know no good reason why banking
should not be done upon the basis of gold and
silver and United States notes. I do not know
why this large premium of double interest or
treble interest or quadruple interest should be
provided for those associations called national
banks, or why they should have this extraor-
dinary advantage; and it is a very extraordinary
advantage thattheyhave. Aslsaid on another
occasion, it is no wonder that they are adhering
to these privileges with such marked tenacity.
They are vast privileges. They are privileges
which cost the Government actually many mil-
lion dollars a year, because if the notes that
are in circulation from the national banks could
be supplanted with United States notes we
should from necessity save on the amount of
circulation now afloat just $18,000,000 in gold
from the interest account of this Government
every year; and I know of no good reason
why these privileges should be granted to the
national banks rather than that the circulation
should issue directly to the people in the form
of United States notes.
Why, sir, the national bank notes are no
better than United States notes. You have
them indiscriminately in your pocket. You
have the national bank note there and the
greenback or United States note. Youdo not
discriminate between them. One is just as
valuable as the other. One is issued directly
from the Treasury ; the other is issued to asso-
ciations to speculate upon and to loan to busi-
ness men, if they are so kind as to do it, or
rather if they do not see wherein they can use
their money to greater advantage to themselves.
These banks as a rule are no accommodation
to the public; and far better would it be for
this country if these national banks were out
of existence, and if the circulation that is sup-
plied indirectly through them jvere issued
directly to the people from the United States
Treasury.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, 1 suppose
I shall vote for this bill in the wholenot
because I think it will be any advantage eitner
to my section of the country or to the commu-
nity generally. I do not believe any set of
institutions were ever organized that were
better calculated to rob the people than the
national bank system as it has been inaugu-
rated in this Government. I do not believe
there ever has been organized in this country
or anywhere else a more useless, a more
worthless, a more pernicious set of institu-
tions than the national banks have been; and
I determine this from the practical operations
of those that have already been instituted in
the South. They are practically of no bene-
fit whatever to the community. At best they
are but a set of shaving shops; and the sys-
tem transfers the business of banking from-par-
ticular individuals to associations of persons.
As has already been stated I do not see any
advantage in the national bank note over the
greenback, and I would greatly prefer if we
are to bank at all that the individual should
advance his capital and bank on greenbacks;
that you should not furnish him in addition to
his capital double that amount to bank on, and
thus, instead of making six or eight per cent,
on his capital, enable him to make double or
treble this amount.
It is said by some individuals that these bank
notes are much better than the greenback
because of their elasticity. I see nothing what-
ever in this argument. One is quite as elastic
as the other. The greenback goes into the
business operations of the country demanded,
and when not demanded it remains in the hands
of the owner just as the national bank bill does.
I can see no advantage in the bank note in that
respect.
Again, it is said, that the bank note is re-
deemable. This is only a nominal matter after
all. These notes are redeemable at present in
freenbacks; and that makes them no better,
'he redemption simply means that you pre-
sent ayellow-backandin exchange get a green-
back, and one is exchangeable for the other.
The national bank note is based on the green-
back, and you can change it into a greenback.
The greenback is simply based on the credit
of the Government after all, and the banker
has nothing more than the credit of the Gov-
ernment, which is loaned to him.
So far as this little amendment is concerned
I do not see any advantage to the bill in it
and it might as well be left out. If men in
New England or New York want to move their
banking institutions I do not see why they may
not have the privilege of doing it; but I do not
see any advantage to the community in it one
way or the other. I do not see why they
might not roll them all over the country
wherever they can get the greatest benefits and
profits from banking. But if the eastern Sen-
ators are opposed to it I hope they may have
it stricken out, and I shall vote with them in
that. I see no advantage to our community
in carrying these institutions there. Indeed,
I would be opposed to it as a general proposi-
tion, because I know that our capitalists and
our people are very slow to go into any institu
tions of this kind. They cannot go in in one
month or two months, as the people of New
York or New England. They have to discuss
these measures a long time before they con-
clude whether they will invest their means in
the manner proposed or not. Then it will
require months even to absorb the $45,000,000
already advanced, and years will not do it,
although the people there may want it, because
they are slower in their movements in regard
to taking up any such institutions than the
people of New England or of New York.
I would greatly prefer that the whole meas-
ure were left unattended to and it were denied
to those States, because I believe that the pas-
sage of this bill, small as it is, is calculated to
fasten on the whole country this most iniquitous,
injurious, and pernicious system of banking;
but I shall vote for it, because I am willing to
give our people an opportunity to have a share
of the spoils as well as others.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the vote
of the Senator from Tennessee will not be ac-
cording to his logic. He denounces national
banks as iniquities, and still he proposes to
extend them. I propose to vote for the bill
as it came from the committee, even if the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana shall
be adopted. Our banking system is founded
on a fundamental error, and that error is this:
it founds one half the banking institutions on
population and the other half on property and
business. Surely this is not a sound basis. I
am for free banking. Let every section of the
country establish these banking institutions
where they are needed, according to its own
interests. Now the system is grossly unequal
and cannot be defended. At the last; session
I did what I could to prevent what seemed to
me to be an injustice. We discussed it long
enough to defeat it, and all parts of the country
have had fair warning.
But the system as it now stands cannot be
maintained before the country; there must be
a more equal distribution. I prefer to let the
banks where they are alone, withdraw a portion
of the greenbacks, and establish new banks to
issue circulation. I prefer to make the equality
in that direction. But I agree with the Sen-
ator from California on one point, that if we
are to have, as it looks now as though we were
to have for some years to come, nothing but
irredeemable paper money, if we are to give
up all idea of having the currency of the world
in this country, the circulation should be &r-
nished not by the banks, but by converting the
national debt into greenbacks. In that event
I prefer that the circulation should be green-
backs, and thus save the interest to the Treas-
ury and have that interest go to extinguish the
national debt. But 1 regard—and I do not see
how anybody can look at it in any other light—
the refusal to withdraw greenbacks, or to re-
deem them, or to put them in process of being
redeemed as meaning that we shall not have
specie payments at all. So long as we have
$400,000,000 of greenbacksin circulation, with
this large paper circulation of the banks we
shall have no specie payments. The idea that
we can maintain six: or seven hundred millions
of paper circulation upon a specie basis with
the present property and business of our peo-
ple is, I think, one of the most absurd, I may
say foolish ideas that ever entered the mind of
man. It cannot be done, and it will not be
done, and whenever the attempt is made it will
ignominiously fail. We must either reduce our
paper circulation or largely increase our specie.
I am opposed to this proposition to take
banks from one section of the country and
transfer them to another. I want those Sen-
ators from the South and West who are so
anxious for banks in their localities to see to
it that those localities furnish the capital for
them. I know very well that a portion of this
capital will not be taken in the sections of the
country where they live. ' They know it: we
all know it. They tell us that they are dying
for want of more circulation, and still they
propose to gather up $65,000,000 of bonds
and invest in bonds of the United States at
fifteen or twenty per cent, premium, and then
establish banks and receive ninety per cent, in
circulation. By investing about seventy-five
million dollars they will receive about fifty-
eight million dollars of circulation. To secure
this circulation they must invest millions moro
in bonds than they receive in circulation, and
the money is not going to stay there merely
because the banks are there. A gentleman
who is manager of a bank in the West said to
a friend of mine a day or two ago that his
bank had a circulation of more than five hun-
dred thousand dollars, and that there was not
$20,000 of it in the valley of the Mississippi;
it was all in the East, and if they established
another bank it would be the same. The idea
that because you are to have banks in those
sections of the country you are to increase the
circulation in those sections is about equal to
the idea so often advanced that if we had green-
backs they would be in every man's pocket.
If our currency was all greenbacks it would
be just where the mixed currency of greenbacks
and bank paper is to-day. If you had two or
three hundred million dollars more of circula-
tion, those two or three hundred million dollars
would be in the same places. Everybody knows
that before thewarwe had in New England and
