902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
in New York, and in New J ersey and Pennsylva-
nia, Maryland, and some portions of the West,
sound, well-managed banking institutions, and
that in most other sections of the country, ex-
cept in some portionsofthe South, like Charles-
ton and New Orleans, we had a kind of banking
system under which banks failed every few
months. When the war came on many of these
poor, weak, feeble, struggling State institutions
in the new and agricultural sections of the coun-
try perished. They had no money to lend to
anybody. The southern banks perished in the
rebellion. In New England, New York, New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and part of Indi-
ana there were strong institutions that came
forward and loaned the Government nearly all
the money they had. We took what they had,
thanking, them for it. We thought they were
very patriotic then, although we doubt their
patriotism now. It has become fashionable to
denounce the men who loaned their money to
help the country through its great struggle.
Generally those who denounce the men that
loaned us money to save us in the war are the
men who then denounced the soldiers that
were fighting the battles of the country. They
are just as patriotic now as they were then.
They have never breathed a breath or uttered
a thought or performed an act that has not
been against the country and the free institu-
tions of the country. There are tens of thou-
sands of men lying in bloody graves because
of the speeches they made during the war.
There are hundreds of millions of dollars that
the industry of the country must bear on ac-
count of their utterances then and now. The
nation has been carrying for the last five years
of peace burdens they imposed on the country
by utterances that have tainted the good faith
and good name of the country before the world.
If there is an enemy of the country on earth
it is that class of men who are tainting the
good name of the nation and its faith and its
honor.
Sir, the Secretary of the Treasury comes for-
ward and recommends that the three per cents,
shall be converted into banking capital for the
sections of country that need it most. The
Senator from Indiana proposes to go a little
further and take fifteen or twenty millions more.
1 do not think that proposition very unreason-
able or very unjust, and I do not oppose it.
Of course I would rather that it should not be
done. I would rather withdraw the greenbacks
and establish banking capital until we reduced
the greenbacks so low, say one hundred and
fifty or two hundred millions, that the Govern-
ment could stand behind them and make them
as good as gold and silver, and let them be
used by the banks and used by the country as
specie funds and be equal to gold and silver.
Sir, the Secretary proposes this plan, the
committee reports it, and I am ready to vote
for it; but I think that those sections of the
country which think they have so much cap-
ital should be permitted to establish these new
banks without calling upon us to transfer the
established banks of other sections. I am glad
to hear that they have so much capital. I
know that there are a great many men in my
section who will be glad to hear that there are
so many tens of millions of dollars of surplus
capital more than enough to pay debts and
square off accounts at the end of the year, and
that the sections of the country which have been
usually either borrowing money of capitalists
or getting credits of business men are now so
full of capital seeking investment. 1 am glad
that the people of those sections have now
such large accumulated capital that they are
crying out to put it into banks. I want them to
have these banks of their own, manage them
themselves, manage them well if they can, and
perhaps they will manage them more to the
satisfaction of the Senator from Tennessee than
these banks seem to be managed now. Do
not put this provision in, that you may send
into other sections and cart the banks from
those sections into some other portions of the
Union. Just let us alone. If you propose to
take $20,000,000 out of us take it; make the
most of itj enjoy the benefits of it; be cap-
italists ; be managers of banks; have money
to lend i and perhaps we shall all have the
benefit of it. .
Now, take this circulation, and not come
back and complain of us another year and tell
us, '• Your banks down east, in New York, and
in the larger commjercial sections of the country
were brought to our States, and we capitalists
of the South or capitalists of the extreme West
have not had a fair chance to invest our money
in banking institutions."
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am glad to
hear the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] say that he has come to the
conclusion to vote for this bill that, is reported
by the committee, and even to assent to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Morton.] I was glad to hear him
say in the outset that the present distribution
of banking capital and banking facilities in the
United States was unjust and inequitable, and
that it could not be defended. If that is his
real conviction, and if he has come to the con-
clusion to vote for these propositions already
pending, and if he really thmksi as he said
some time ago, that even these propositions are
not right and that banking ought to be free,
then I for one have but one other favor to
a9k of him and the representatives from his
section of the country who agree with him,
and that is that they will do these little acts of
justice without twitting us.
Mr. President, so far as I know and so far
as I have listened to this debate—and I think
I have been a pretty attentive listener—I have
not heard either the South or the West brag
about their money. In point of fact we have
got none to brag of. If there is any boasting
about wealth it does not come from the West
or from the South; at least I have not heard
it from either of those quarters. I.do not know
whether we have got any money to loan or not.
I know I have not. and I do not know how
much better off my neighbors are than I am in
this regard. We stand here, Mr. President,
and ask you to modify a statute the injustice
of which cries out against the legislation of the
United States, and cries to the heavens which
ovgrbend the legislation of the United States,
and can you not do that, and can you not do it
without taunting us ? If we are poor we do not
deserve any reproach; if we are rich we will
not reproach any of our neighbors who are not
as well off as we are. I do not know that we
can raise $100,000 in all the valley of the Mis-
sissippi to invest in banking. I do not say it;
but we shall not disturb the present financial
condition of the existing banks if that is the
fact. Suppose we have not any capital to be
invested, do we wrong Massachusetts, do we
wrong New York, ifby an amendmentof your
law you allow the capital of New York and of
Massachusetts to go out into our neighborhoods
and engage in the business of banking? Why
should a Massachusetts representative or a
New York representative complain of that?
A great deal of the bank capital which has
been employed in the West heretofore has
been furnished from the Bast. 1 have no
doubt that a great deal which has been em-
ployed in the South has been furnished from
the East. Is it a wrong to the East to allow
their capitalists to come out there and do our
banking? I do not know that the Senator
from Massachusetts is not quite right when he
says that if you allow new banks to be organ-
ized in the West and in the South the money
will not circulate in the communities where
the banks stand. It may be, as the Senator
from Massachusetts says, that although the
money be issued from banks within those local-
ities the money will be used in the East. It
had not been my experience, I confess, here-
tofore that we were loaning money to eastern
capitalists. The Senator from Massachusetts,
I am afraid, is mistaken on one or the other
of these points. Either the West is not &s poor
as he thinks it and the East is not quite so
rich as he pretends it is, or else the West does
not loan so much money to the Bast as he
thinks. Paupers do not ordinarily loan large
sums of money to capitalists. There is' some
mistake somewhere in this argument. I will
not-undertake to say how the fact is. I have
not taken a count of the money of the West
for a long time; I never did ; nor of the East.
I ask you, Mr. President, to allow this ex-
periment to be made. Extend the privilege,
give the right, not to the West, not to the
South; give it to capital; and if the capital
cannot be found, then you have , only your
present banking circulation. There is no dis-
turbance, no derangement anywhere; nobody
is wronged ; but if it should happen that there
is a little additional capital that would like to
be employed in banking and to go outside of
Massachusetts or New York, go even to the
West or the South, doubtless they will be glad
to have the privilege of doing so ; and will it
injure the country to let them do so?
' Mr. President, I have heard another proposi-
tion stated here to-day that I do not quite
believe in. It is that before the war com-
menced, before your present banking system
was adopted, the middle States and the New
England States had a banking system of their
own of rare and precious value; and contrasted
with that I have heard Senators on this floor
to-day say that the present national bank sys-
tem was the worst that ever was contrived. I
do not believe either of these propositions. I
believe you had some pretty good banks in
New England before the war commenced; I
believe they had some pretty good banks in
New York; but your banking system in New
England and your banking system in New
York and every other State was radically de-
fective, because the banks of each one of your
States were preying upon the banks of every
other State, and they were the rivals of the banks
of evety other State and not only was that
true, but each bank was the rival of every other
bank and was directly interested in breaking
up every other bank. The banks of New Eng-
land had a direct pecuniary interest, if they
could, in breaking down the banks of New-
York-
And why? Because the banks of New Eng-
land were banking on personal capital, personal
character, and a certain amount of specie ; the
banks of New York were banking on the basis
of their bonds; and if the New England
banks could shake the credit of the banks of
New York in the confidence of the country
they increased the credit of themselves just in
that proportion. More than that, it might have
the effect of throwing a large amount of New
York bonds on the market, giving them an
opportunity for investment. The batiks of New
York were interested to the same extent in prey-
ing upon the banks of any other State banking
on other bonds, because if they could drive
those banks to insolvency and throw their
securities on the market it increased the credit
of the banks of New York and increased the
value of the stocks of New York in the market;
so they were constantly driving at each other.
But under this national system you have banks
with acommon interest resting upon acommon
basis, aud interested to stand by and uphold
each other; not to prey upon each other, not to
devour each other ; because whenever the New
York banks now drive the institutions in New
England to insolvency the effect of that is to
throw on the market the very securities which
underlie the circulation of the New York banks.
They have no interest to do that. They are not
likely to do that. I believe, on the contrary,
that this national system, if it was carried out,
is the best banking system this or any other
country ever knew.
I admit I do not know that I have said in
before, but I am glad to say it now, that taken
in connection with this greenback circulation
I consider the two to be as fallacious a system
