1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
ence to the first $150,000,000 or the second
$150,000,000, or both taken together; and if
oa. how?
BO, how V
. Mr. CARPENTER. Whenever a State has
got its share it cannot have any more.
Mr. CONKLING. Any State has its share ;
how?
Mr. CARPENTER. In any way.
Mr. CONKLING-. Exactly; in any way.
It has been said here over and over again in
this debate that whether the second distribu-
tion was just or not could never be determined.
Why? Because it was based on elements so
uncertain, so complex, so invisible—I think
the honorable Senator before me [Mr. Howe]
was one of those who so argued—it was im-
possible to tell at any time whether the appor-
tionment was true or false ; whether the city
of Providence, Rhode Island, had more or less
than an appropriate share under this distribu-
tion. How are we going to tell, then, in the
future for the purpose of having the operation
of this amendment cease ? The'Senator before
me [Mr. Williams] says that is left to the
Comptroller of the Currency.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CONKLING. Exactly. Then, it seems
that by degrees I am right, although some
Senators around me have looked very sceptical
and do now, which is calculated to throw " a
damper on a funeral," as was said on another
occasion. It seems by degrees that I am right
in supposing that this is pretty much a dis-
cretionary matter. These transfers are to cease
at what time? At a time when something has
happened which Senators say there is no mode
of ascertaining ; and then the Senator from
Oregon says that the discretion of the Comp-
troller of the Currency, and the Senator of
Ohio says aided by the higher discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury, is to determine
that time. _ .
I only call attention to it to show that entire
uncertainty, entire laxity of result and of pro-
vision, is one of the elements of this proposi-
tion. That is one of the reasons why I feel
constrained to vote against it. If it were
simply a distribution in relation to population,
and the provision was that this transfer should
cease as soon as the amount of currency tested
by the number of people in a State should
reach a certain point, we should stand upon
the proposition of law that that is certain which
can be rendered certain ; and that is a place
upon which you may always stand. But now,
with the two modes of distribution which we
have had already, I repeat that substantially
the question whether any given bank is to
remove from one State to another is to be
determined in the tuture by the discretion of an
executive officer. That, I tnink, adds to the
objection and the danger of such a proposi-
tion. , .
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say one word in
reply to the Senator from New York as to the
indefiniteness which will attend this distribu-
tion I ask that Senator if at the present
time there is not established in the^ Treasury
Department some mode of ascertaining pre-
cisely the element which it is desirable to as-
certain to make this distribution properly I
Undoubtedly the Secretary of the Treasury
and the Comptroller of the Currency have
some mode of reaching what they consider a
fair estimate of the business and resources ot
the several sections, for they will give to any
one who inquires a statement ox now mucn
currency each State is entitled to under P°PU
lation and under the other element oi dis-
tribution. Now, if this element of uncer-
tainty is an objection to this amendment it is
one which obtains just as forcibly against the
original bank act, and our adoption ot tins
element in this amendment is no new objec-
tion to the bill. We shall be just as likely to
get a just distribution now as we were m the
past.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. President, if
the honorable Senator rose for the purpose of
damning this amendment with faint praise he
has been very successful. Senators here have
over and over again denounced the second dis-
tribution ; and when a suggestion was made
that in the case of New York the distribution
in fact was according to the law, the guilt of
New York was not diminished at all; because,
said many Senators, the law itself was an out-
rage ; it was iniquitous, and iniquitous among
other reasons because the execution of it was
wholly uncertain ; nobody could tell what the
true basis of the distribution was upon such a
provision. Therefore, when the honorable
Senator says that this amendment is only as
bad as the other provision has been described
to be I do not feel called upon to differ with
hifU * °o T cot? if ic «i.n indiront.
, because, as I say, it is only an indirect
way of denouncing and stigmatizing that.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish tosay that
I suppose this proposition is merely intended
as a temporary measure for the redistribution
of the $45,000,000, and to give to those banks
which choose to do so liberty to remove into
the southern States until the new apportion-
ment, which the first section of the bill pro-
vides shall be made as soon as possible, based
upon the census of 1870. Consequently, as
soon as that redistribution according to that
census is made this ceases, and there is very
little probability of many of these banks being
removed before that.
Mr. CONKLING. Now the Senator from
Oregon illustrates very well the difficulty in
my mind, which is this: when this redistribu-
tion comes to be made, suppose the Comp-
troller of the Currency has allowed banks to
be transferred to produce equality upon the
theory of the present basis of distribution, to
wit, commercial resources as distinguished
from population, then how is it to be? When
the redistribution comes are the banks that
have been transferred to be found in excess if
population shows them to be so ; or are they
to be found properly within the scope of this
provision if business, resources, and popula-
tion borne together shall show them to be
properly where they arc?
Mr. CORBETT. I understand upon that
redistribution there will be some general rule
adopted by which there will be a general redis-
tribution of the entire capital of the national
banks. , , , ,1
Mr. CONKLING. Will those banks that
have moved in the meantime according to the
present distribution be found where they should
be or where they should not be; or will it be
entirely accidental which way they will be
found? That is the question.
Mr. CORBETT. They will bo found ot
course where they will be loeated, and they
will be taken into the account with all the other
banks, wherever located, in the redistribution
according to the general rule.
Mr KELLOGG. I wish to ask the Senator
from New York a question. Under the opera-
tion of this section can any bank legally move
except in compliance with the requirements ot
the section and by virtue of the section it it
should become a law? I apprehend not,, lhat
any banking association may be located in
another State and removed from a State having
an excess of circulation, and that such removal
maybe effected under the operation of this
section if it become a law 1 apprehend there
can be no question ; but I apprehend, also,
under the operation of the section, when a suf-
ficient number of banks shall have removed so
as to reduce the circulation of the State withm
its proper limit and give it only what it isi enti-
tled to the law will again apply to preclude the
removal of any further circulation irom that
There is also another clause of this scction :
"under such rules and regulations as the
Comptroller of the Currency may prescribe,
or "the Secretary of the Treasury as the case
may be, and upon the question of resources as
determining the measure of circulation and the
population, I apprehend the Comptroller and
the Secretary will prescribe rules" and regula-
tions. .
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, there is
some confusion aboutthe construction of this
amendment, growing out of the fact that the
body of the amendment is taken from "an old
bill which provided for the redistribution of
$30,000,000 of currency from tlie East to the
West and only contemplated $800,000,000 of-
currency altogether. The'word '! proportion"
as used in this amendment referred to the pro-
portion of each State ujider the distribution of
$150,000,000 according to population. Now,
this amendment has been taken bodily from an
old bill which did not contemplate any addition
to the currency, and has been applied to a bill
which contemplates an addition of $45,000,000
or $65,000,000, as the case may be. It then
becomes a question-of construction as to how
far this division contemplated in the first bill
of the first $150,000,000 is to extend.
Now, is this $45,000,000 or $65,000,000 that
we get under this bill to be counted as a part of
the proportion we are entitled to under the first
bill, which gives us, according to population,
our proportion of $150,000,000? I think the
equitable construction will be, when you put
these two amendments together, that if this
bill allows $45,000,000 of additional currency,
that $45,000,000 of additional currency will be
added to the $150,000,000 provided for in the
first bill that was to be distributed according to
population; and then there will be $195,000,000
altogether to be distributed according to popu-
lation, and banks may be removed from the
States then having an excess to States that are
lacking their proportion up to the question of
distribution under the $195,000,000.
The confusion arises from the fact that this
amendment is taken bodily from an old bill
which did not contemplate an addition to the
currency at all, but only a redistribstion of
$30,000,000 when the whole amount was to be
$300,000,000. Now we expect to make the
whole amount $365,000,000, and we expect
that the $65,000,000 will be added to the first
$150,000,000. That will make $215,000,000
that the States will be entitled to a distribution
of according to population.
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose it is added to
the other $150,000,000, what would be the dif-
ference in effect? It would be very great.
Mr. MORTON. If added to the other
$150,000,000 it would still restrict us to
$150,000,000 to be divided according to popu-
lation and $215,000,000 to be divided aceord-
ing to business or the demands of business in
the opinion of the Comptroller of the Currency.
I think that is the true construction of it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, I
think nothing but confusion will follow from
this amendment if it is adopted. It proposes
to transfer, at the pleasure of the directors ot
a bank, a bank from one section of the country
to another. Suppose the directors of the Fourth
National Bank in the city of New York propose
to transfer that institution to Memphis, len-
nessee, what will be the result? It will be the
Fourth National Bank of New York locatedin
Tennessee. Can any possible benefit a.nse
from that? It seems to me nothing but con-
^ But, sir, there is no necessity for this amend-
ment. The banking business is like other
businesses in many respccts. _ If there is too
much banking capital in the city of New x ork,
so that the banks are disposed to wind up their
business, there is no difficulty about it. There
is no difficulty about winding up a bank m any
section of the North or the Last; nor is there
any difficulty in the capitalists of those banks
organizing another bank in another section of
i the country. It is as simple and as easy as it
1 is for a mercantile firm to wind up its business
! in one section of the country and commence
