906
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
January SI;
operations in another. Therefore there is no
necessity, no advantage in enacting such a pro-
vision as this in this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. PRATT. I should like to have the
amendment reported.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And be it farther enacted, That ofterthe expiration
of six months from the passage of this act any bank-
ing association located in any State having more than
its proportion of circulation may bo removed to any
State having less than its proportion of circulation,
under such rules and regulations as the Comptroller
of the Currency, with the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury, may require: Provided, That the
amount of the issue of such banks shall not be
deducted from the amount of new issue provided for
in this act.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 43, nays 12 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Brownlow. Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler, Corbett, Davis,
Drake, Gilbert,Harlan,Harris,Howe, Howell, John-
ston, Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, Morton, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool. Pratt, Ramsey, Kice, ltobertson,
Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman,
Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Thayer, Tipton, Trum-
bull,Vickers,Warner,Willey, and Williams—43.
NAYS—Messrs.Antliony, Buckingham, Conkling,
Edmunds, Fen ton, Ferry, McDonald, Morrill of
Vermont, Norton, Nye. Sumner, and Wilson—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Cattell.Cole, Cragin,
Powler, Hamilton, Hamlin, Howard, Morrill of
Maine.Patterson, Sprague, Thurman, and Yates—IS.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments previously offered, which were tempo-
rarily suspended to allow this amendment to
be considered, are now again before the Senate.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Sir. Susiker]
moves to strike out the first two sections and
insert a section in their place; pending which
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Moktox] pro-
poses to amend the first section by striking out
" $45,000,000" and inserting " $52,000,000."
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CORBETT. I have a verbal amend-
ment to offer. In the sixth line of what was the
fourth section, before the word "banking,"
I should like the word "such" inserted, which
meets the approval of the chairman of the
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that verbal correction will be made.
It is so ordered. The Senator from Michigan
is now entitled to the floor on the pending
amendment of the Senator from Indiana to
strike out $45,000,000 and insert $52,000,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. When I obtained the
floor it was not for the purpose of making a
speech, but in order to move an amendment
to the amendment as to the amount.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is now in
order.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then, sir, I move that
instead of $52,000,000, $100,000,000 be in-
serted in place of the $45,000,000 proposed
by the committee. This amendment if adopted
will require a still further amendment, for I
do not propose to increase the amount of cir-
culation one single dollar. It will require
another amendment authorizing the funding
of $55,000,000 of greenbacks now in circu-
lation. The simple effect of my proposition,
if adopted, will be to keep the circulation to
a dollar where it is. If no new banks are
started no greenbacks are withdrawn, and if
banks are started anywhere, then an amount
of greenbacks must be withdrawn equal to the
amount of national bank bills put in circula-
tion ; or in other words, should the whole
$100,000,000 be taken it will bring us just
$100,000,000 nearer to specie payments than
we are to-day, there being just $100,000,000
less of national circulation ; and in the mean-
timetheamountofcurrency willnotbe changed
in the slightest degree.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask my friend in
what that differs from my proposition except
intheamount? Myproposition is$200,000,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. The difference is not
material. The effect is substantially the same.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator proposes the
withdrawal of a greenback for every bank note
issued? ' - ■ - -
Mr. CHANDLER. Every one.
Mr. SUMNER. There is salvation in .that.
There is specie payment in it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Of course there is sal-
vation init; that is whyl offerit. Should this
amendment be adopted this $100,000,000
under the provisions of the bill of the Senator
from Ohio will very nearly equalize the amount
of circulation of the national banks. Of course,
as I said before, if this is adopted I shall then
propose another amendment, authorizing the
funding of $55,000,000 and the withdrawal
of that amount of greenbacks from circulation.
Mr. President, much has been said in the
course of this debate about the injustice of the
present distribution of national bank circula-
tion, and there is a good deal of force in it;
and yet both sides have a good argument.
Senators from the eastern States, where the
large surplus exists, state but the simple fact
when they say that they have the national faith
pledged that that currency shall remain in their
hands, and I do not propose to disturb it to the
amount of a single dollar. Banking, like any
other business, will regulate itself. Banks in
Connecticut, in Massachusetts, and in Rhode
Island are enabled now to do a profitable
banking business because there is a vacuum in
the West and in the South for their circulation.
Close up that vacuum by authorizing a suffi-
cient number of banks in the western and
southern States and banking in Massachusetts,
Rhode Island, and Connecticut, and other
States where they have more than they require,
will cease to be profitable, and the surplus banks
there will be wound up because they are not
profitable.
I do not propose by legal enactment to take
a single dollar from any one of the eastern
States; nor do I consider it fair or honorable
or just to do it; but I do propose to permit
the western and the southern States to take
this amount of $100,000,000 first, and when
that $100,000,000 is taken 1 shall then ado[>t
the proposition of my friend from Connecti-
cut and make it unlimited up to the last dollar
of Government circulation that we have; and
when that is done, we have specie payments
immediately and without legislation. Under
the present law, as is well known to every
individual on this floor, the banks are com-
pelled to keep a giveu amount of lawful money
of the United States in reserve. All deposit
banks must keep twenty-five per cent., I think,
upon their capital and their circulation. Am
I right. I ask the chairman of the Finance
Committee ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon their deposits and
circulation.
Mr. CHANDLER. I stand corrected; it is
on their deposits and circulation. They are
compelled to keep on hand in lawful money
of the United States one fourth of the whole
amount of their deposits and circulation. Re-
duce your legal-tender lawful money be low
that amount and they are compelled to put in
gold in place of legal-tenders as at present;
and this process if carried out will bring you to
specie payments without a single enactment on
the part of Congress, because as they are com-
pelled to substitute gold for legal-tenders gold
and legal-tenders immediately approximate to
each other and very soon become of the same
value.
Much fault has been found with these three
per cent, certificates. It has been said in the
course of this debate that the issue of them
was a bonus, and an unjust bonus, to the city
banks over the country banks. Why, sir, it is
no such thing. It was just this, neither more
nor: less: borrowing by the United - States
$45,000,000 at three per cent, in currency
instead of borrowing $45,000,000 at six per
cent, in gold. Taking the average value of
gold for the last twelve, months,: it was a sav-
ing to the Treasury of the .United States of
five per cent., or over two million dollars a
year in interest. :
But, sir, there was a fraud in it, nevertheless.
We could not have carried through a measure
increasing the amount of circulation to the
extent of $45,000,000; and this three per cent,
certificate proposition did increase the circu-
lation by the amount of exactly $45,000,000
without its being understood. In other words,
the banks that were compelled to keep a given
amount of lawful money of the United States
in their vaults as a reserve were authorized
at the same time to substitute these three per
cent, certificates or bonds for legal-tenders;
and therefore you let loose into circulation just
$45,000,000 and increased your circulation to
that extent.
Mr- KELLOGG. Is the Senator referring
to the bill reported by the Committee on
Finance ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No; I am talking of
the old law. This proposition leaves it with
the increase in. You do not diminish it by
the $45,000,000 that the circulation was in-
creased by the issue of these three per cent,
bonds. You have enjoyed the benefit and
you will enjoy the benefit of that increased cir-
culation. This bill does not propose to dimin-
ish it by that $45,000,000. I propose to give
you the whole amount, simply substituting
bank notes for legal-tender notes, and thus
distribute this $100,000,000 where there is a
deficiency, and there alone. The proposition
is very specific in this respect, and in my opin-
ion will give to every one of the western and
southern States every dollar that they will take
within the next twelve months certainly ; and
then after they have got all they can pay for
they have no right to come in and complain
that other States have more than they are
entitled to because they have got all they can
pay for.
In my judgment, Mr. President, if this
amendment is adopted the bill will be a sub-
stantial relief to the West and South. It will
be an absolute benefit to the Treasury, having
brought us $100,000,000 nearer than we were
before its enactment, and will make the bill of
real substantial value.
With regard to the portion of this bill for the
establishment of banks on the gold basis I am
not disposed to cavil at it, because I do not
consider it of the least importance one way or
the other. Objection is made that it will enable
the gold gamblers of New York to establish a
gold bank. Well, sir, they will establish a
bank with or without it. My judgment is that
if they are going to have a gold bank it may as
well be under the guards and restrictions that
are proposed by this bill as without them.
Then, again, it is said that on the Pacific
coast they are to be benefited by the passage
of this portion of the bill. Certainly it will do
no harm to any other portion of the United
States, and if it is of any advantage either to
the Pacific slope or to gold operators in New
York let them have it. I shall vote very cheer-
fully for that clause, although I have not
thought there was any real benefit in it.
With the amendments I have indicated I
shall vote for the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I have
the honor to be a member of the committee by
which this bill was reported, and perhaps
there would be some propriety in my saying
something in favor of its passage ; but I have
been waiting with a view of allowing others to
express their opinions and with the hope that
we should reach a conclusion within a reason-
able time, and I hope now that the Senate will
determine to have a vote on this bill before the
adjournment to-day. I do not prooose to
