1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
discuss its merits, bat I desire to make a single
suggestion..
I have heard it said thatexperience was a dear
school, but that fools would learn in no other ;
and, without meaning to offend anybody, it
sometimes appears to me that we here who are
supposed to be wise enough to make laws for
the land do not learn even in the school of
experience. It appears to me that in consid-
ering matters of legislation it is quite as wise to
consider what can be done as well as to consider
what ought to be done. Time and again we
have tried here to legislate in reference to the
currency, or for the pupose of refunding the
public debt at n, lower rate of interest, acting,
as we supposed, in accordance with the wishes
of the people; but as often as we have tried
we have failed, because some peculiar ideas
were worked into the bills which a majority of
Congress would not sanction; and so they have
been defeated and nothing or next to nothing
has been done.
Now, sir, there is a very great demand among
the people of the South and West for more
circulation, and the justice of that demand is
recognized I suppose by every member of Con-
gress. So strong is that feeling represented
here that one or two bills have passed this
body to despoil the Eastern States of a consid-
erable proportion of their circulation and trans-
fer it by force of law without regard to _ the
currents of trade or business, to other sections
of the country. To avoid what appears to me
to be unjust legislation, legislation that would
necessarily disturb and prostrate the business
of the East to a considerable extent, the Com-
mittee on Finance have proposed here to sub-
stitute for the three per cent, certificates
$45,000,000 of circulation to be distributed
among the States now having a deficiency ; and
forthwith propositions are made to amend this
bill by proposingto withdraw the greenback cir-
culation and substitute national bank circula-
tion ; a question that will elicit perhaps as much
discussion in Congress as any other that can be
presented. Although I believe in the correct-
ness of that policy, 1 doubt very much.whether
it will pass Congress at this session ; and if it
does not, then if that amendment is incorpor-
ated into this bill, the whole plan is defeated
and the South and West lose this circulation.
Moreover, there is another amendment to
fund the greenback circulation at this time.
Mr. MORTON. That is a part of each
amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is a part of the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts, and also of the one proposed
by the Senator from Michigan. I believe that
to be the correct policy; and whenever the
time comes—and I may be allowed to say, I
suppose, that it will come by the action of the
Finance Committee before this body to dis-
cuss that question, I shall advocate the with-
drawal of the greenbacks for the purpose of
cancellation and the substitution therefor ot
national bank currency. I believe that the
legitimate, if not the necessary way for this
country ever to reach the resumption ot specie
payments is through the_ national banking sys-
tem, notwithstanding it is so muchdenounced.
But, sir, I do not propose at this late hour
of the day and at this time to discuss that
question. I desire simply to make this sug-
gestion to the Senators who represent the West
ind South : if you amend this bill by putting
in controverted questions, by putting into this
bill amendments which have heretofore been
rejected by Congress, and to which there is a
verv strong opposition at the other end of the
Capitol by, perhaps, a majority 0i the Repre-
sentatives—I refer particularly to the conver-
sion of the greenback currency into national
bank notes—if you amend the bill in this way
the chances are that the bill will be defeated
and the whole plan of furnishing the West and
the South with currency will fail.
Now, sir, let us put this s^plc proposition
through Congress to substitute fo.. the 9>4o ,uuu,
000 of certificates $45,000,000 of national bank
currency. There is certainly no particular
objection to that? It may not be adequate, it
may not reach all the evils: it may not be so
comprehensive as the system proposed by the
Senator from Michigan or the Senator from
Massachusetts ; but it is a simple proposition
to which it seems to me there can be no objec-
tion, and upon which there ought to be no
controversy; and it will relieve at this time the
necessities of the West and South.
I think that when we can do that with a
proposition that seems to be too clear for con-
troversy, we ought not to make this act of relief
to depend upon these other great controverted
questions as to whether the national bank notes
shall be the currency of the country or whether
greenbacks shall be the currency of the coun-
try ; as to whether the greenbacks shall be
funded or not.
These are great questions that will arise when-
ever a bill is brought forward for refunding the
public debt at a lower rate of interest. All
these questions will be necessarily involved in
that bill. I would now simply suggest to Sen-
ators who are particularly interested in this
matter if it would not be better to let these
questions go over until that bill comes up for
consideration, and put through here this little
bill which is intended for the immediate relief
of the South and West, without incumbering
it with these numerous amendments.
Now, sir, I am not particularly interested in
this matter one way or the other. I do not
particularly belong to the East or the West or
the South. I consider myself the property of
the whole country on this question, and I try
to look at it in a fair and impartial manner. I
believe that the West and South ought to be
relieved, but I do not believe they ought to be
relieved by any act of injustice to New Eng-
land nor the North, and here is a plan for their
immediate relief which seems to me free from
every objection, and I hope that they will con-
clude to stand by this proposition, and that it
will be adopted by the Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, I am
disposed to favor the funding of the greenbacks
as well as of the three per cent, certificates,
and to establish banks upon the bonds which
shall be issued, taking up those greenbacks
and certificates; but it seems to me that that
proposition ought not to be thrust in here, for
this reason : if you are to take up $50,000,000
or more of the greenbacks now, how are they
to be funded, at four per cent, or four and a
half or five or six per cent. ? Xfc is a very im-
portant matter as to how they shall be funded.
Mr. CHANDLER. Allow me to ask the
Senator a question. Will he inform me what
is the difference between funding greenbacks
and funding bonds that can be presented any
day at the Treasury and greenbacks obtained
for them ? It is substantially one and the same
thine. The holders of the three per cent, cer-
tificates can go to the Treasury to-day and draw
the whole $45,000,000 on demand, lhey are
nothing but greenbacks now.
Mr PATTERSON. I was speaking of the
policy of beginningthework of funding to-day
without having established the rate of interest
to be paid on the new bonds. It seems to me
that you cannot take up that question until
you take up the question of refunding our
debt, of placing the whole debt abroad. bhaU
the debt be placed abroad at four percent.,
or four and a half, or five per cent. ? ^ lhat is
a great question, and when you begin tne work
of funding the greenbacks wc want it based
upon that per cent, which shall bo used in
funding the whole debt. If you are going to
place your whole debt abroad in bonds it is
very important that you should fix the rate
per cent, here upon which your banks shall be
established, because if y'our bonds are to be
taken abroad it will help# you very much m
securing this to send out in the country here
$700,000,000 of bonds at four per cent, or
four and a half per cent. Capitalists abroad will
say, "Why, here, these bonds are good, for
$700,000,000 of them have been taken in New
York, Chicago, St. Louis, and other places
of the United States." That will give them
currency abroad. Now, it is very important
that -we should not begin , the work of funding
the greenbacks at five or six per cent. You
cannot go back on your track. Therefore
wait until the committee shall have brought in
a proposition fof fixing the whole debt abroad
in new bonds, say at four and a half per cent.
I shall be ready to meet it at that time, and I
understand the committee have now under
consideration this very proposition ; and why
shall we anticipate it and make ourselves
trouble and put in the way of this bill a stum-
bling-block whicli will defeat it?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I hope the
friends of this bill who really desire to afford
relief to the West and South will not vote for
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Michigan, which is but a reduction in amount
of the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts. I am satisfied that no
bill which provides for funding $50,000,000
of legal-tender notes that bear no interest into
an interest-bearing debt can pass Congress at
this session, and that the effect will be to post-
pone, as has been done before, the relief which
the South and West are entitled to. We have
now a chance ofgettingsomething; $45,000,000
are not enough. The States of the North-
west will scarcely get anything under the bill;
but I believe if the amount be increased to
$05,000,000 it will give a sum reasonably suf-
ficient for the West and South, and then the
bill will give satisfaction.
We have now a chance of obtaining some-
thing that is reasonable, that will perhaps be
sufficient, but-if we now ingraft upon this bill
this other principle of refunding greenbacks,
retiring them and substituting in their place
national bank currency under the expectation
that we are thereby returning to specie pay-
ments, that will be a question upon which mem-
bers of Congress differ widely, and the bill will
be lost. Let us now secure something when
we have tlie chance, and let us postpone until
some other time the discussion of the question
whether the greenbacks ought to be funded. I
differ with the Senator from Michigan and the
Senator from Massachusetts upon the question
whether that will bring us to specie payments.
I do not propose to discuss that now. As the
Senator from Oregon lias said, let us keep that
question out of the bill. Make this amount
§65,000,000. give a reasonable sum for the
wants of the'West and South, and we can con-
sider the other question at some future time.
Mr. WARNER. I concur most heartily in
what has been said by the Senator from Indi-
ana. I feel that it is this or nothing. What
we want is a measure of relief now, and as a
member of the Finance Committee I have
consented to this bill as something which I
thought we might get now.
While I agree with the principle of the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan yet
I would not vote for it now, because, opening
up as it will the whole discussion upon the
question of funding the greenbacks and sup-
plying their places with the national bank cir-
culation, the effect will be to defeat this bill;
defeat any measure of relief. We want relief
now, and this is a little practical _ measure
which works injustice to nobody, which opens
up none of those great questions about which
I we may differ, and which we may discuss
I days and weeks, and it seems to me it ought
i Now, one word as to the capital of the South
| absorbing this bank circulation. It is_said here
I that this capital must be supplied entirely from
j the North or the East. I would remind Sen-
i ators that there was not in existence enough
! national bank circulation to buy the cotton
I crop of the South this year; that every dollar
| of it would have been required to purchase
I! the cotton crop alone of the South. ^ would
