914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the president and committee on ad-
dress of the National Labor Union, now met in Wash-
ington on business of the association, bo requested
by this House to procure by some member of their
association the, delivery of an .address on the princi-
ples and objects of their association in tho Hall of
this House on some evening in the present week, to
be determined by the Speaker of the House, and that
this House will take part in any ceremonies to be
observed at that time.
On seconding the previous question there
were on a division—ayes 44, noes 25; no quo-
rum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Logan and Mr.
Benjamin.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes seventy-nine, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question was ordered; which was on
agreeing to the resolution.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
75, noes 28.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POWER TO LEVY DUTIES.
Mr. MARSHALL submitted the following
resolution, on which lie demanded the previous
question :
jResolved, That the power granted in tho Federal
Constitution to levy and collect taxes, duties, im-
ports, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for
thecommon defense and general weltare of tho Uni-
ted States does not include or embrace any power to
levy duties for any purpose other than theeolleetion
of revenue for the uses therein indicated; that a
tariff levied lor any purpose other than revenue, and
especially one levied to foster and enrich one section
ol uiir country at the expense of others, or to foster
„nd enrich one class of citizens at the expense of
others is unauthorised by the Constitution, unjust to
the great body of tho American people, and in its
results injurious eventually to nearly every industrial
interest of tho country.
Revolved, That in the preparation of a bill for the
modification of existing tariff laws Congress should
conltne its action strictly to the preparation of a
tariiffor revenue exclusively; and that the duties
on no article should be greater than that which will
give the maximum of revenue on said article.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to lay that resolution
on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. ALLISON. Is the resolution divisible?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not divis-
ible on tho motion that it bo laid on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the resolution goes over until
Monday next.
TRIAL OK 10. M. VERGER.
Mr. CLA RICE obtained the floor, but yielded
to Mr. Sohenok.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution, which was
offered on Friday, and objected to under a mis-
apprehension :
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to this House at as early a day as possible,
if tho same be not m his opinion incompatible with
the due administration of public justice, all the
information in bis possession or control, or in the
possession or control of any of tho Departments of
the Government, in regard to the trial by military
commission of E. M. Yerger, of Mississippi, for the
murder of Brevet Major Joseph (J. Crane, of the
United States Army; and that he state what has
ti>ken place in regard to said case since the finding
of the military commission, and what has been tho
occasion of delay in tbe promulgation and execution
of any sentence rendered against the accuse^, and
what agreement- if any, in regard to the same has
been made with any person by the Attorney General
oi the United States to suspend action in the case,
ami by what authority or with what object.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on the Judiciary
was discharged from the further consideration
of the memorial of James B. Kitchen and
Richard Kitchen ; and the same was referred
to the Committee of Claims,
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Kan-
sas [Mr. Clarke] is entitled to the floor upon
a motion to suspend the rules, but there are
various gentlemen who were not in their seals
when their States were called this morning
who desire to present bills for reference. With
the leave of the House the Chair will recognize
gentlemen for that purpose, it being under-
stood that these bills are introduced under the
restriction of the morning hour that they shall
not be brought back by motions to reconsider.
There was no objection.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1048) relating to the
Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
PAY OF JURORS IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3049) to increase the pay of jurors
in the circuit, and district courts of the United
States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
-AIRS. PUSAN GALLOWAY .
Mr. BANKS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 137) for the relief of Mrs. Susan
Galloway : which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
HABEAS CORPUS.
Mr. VAN TRUMP introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1050) to repeal an act entitled "An act
relating to habeas corpus and regulating pro-
ceedings in certain cases,1' approved March 3,
"i860 ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committeeon the Judiciary.
JOHN R. BENNETT.
Mr. WILKINSON introduced %bill (H. R.
No. 1051) for the relief of John R. Bennett,
late register of the land office at Chatfield,
Minnesota ; which was read a iirst and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
SETTLERS ON SIOUX RESERVATION.
Mr. WILKINSON also introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 138) in relation to set-
tlers on the late Sioux: reservation in the State
of Minnesota; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to tho Committee on
the Public Lands.
mrs. annie e. hays.
Mr. MORGAN introduced a bill (H. R. No. j
1052) to increase the pension of Mrs. Annie E. j
Hays, widow of Brigadier General Alexander |
Hays, who was killed in the battle of the Wil- j
derness, May 0, 1864; which was read ft first !
and second time, ana referred to the Com- j
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
MAIL ROUTE IN OHIO. ,
Mr. MORGAN also introduced a bill (H. j
R. No. 105 3) to establish a semi-weekly mail .
route between Newcastle, in Coshocton county, i
Ohio, and Gambia, Knox county, Ohio ; which i
was read a first and second time, and referred :
to the Committee on the Post Olhce and Post ;
Roads. I
ABOLITION OF DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE. ;
Mr. MORGAN also introduced a bill (H. R. '
No. 1054) to abolish the Department of Agri- j
culture; which was read a first and second time.
i nd referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
GRAND IlIVER, MISSOURI*.
Mr. ASPER introduced a bill (II. 11. No.
1055) to declare Grand river, in the State of
Missouri, not navigable, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first andsecond time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
MRS. MARTHA A. DIIUMMOND.
Mr. BURDETT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
105 G) granting a pension to'Mra. Martha A.
Drummond; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
REDEMPTION OF UNITED STATES NOTES.
Mr. ARMSTRONG introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1057) to provide for the redemption of not
exceeding $100,000,000 of the interest-bearing
loan of the United States, and the issue in
exchange therefor of an equivalent amount of
notes of circulation without interest; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
HUDSON RIVER, ETC., RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. SLOCUM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1058) to repeal an act entitled " An act grant-
ing a certain right of way to the Hudson River
West Shore Railroad Company," approved
December 14, 18S7 ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs^
NAOMI A. STEVENS. .
Mr. BLAIR introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 139) for the relief of Naomi A.
Stevens, of Jackson county, Michigan; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
T. T. GARRARD AND OTHERS.
Mr. ADAMS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1059) for the benefit of T. T. Garrard and
others; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
POST-ROUTE MAPS.
Mr. HEATON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Resolved, That for tho purpose of meeting the sug-
gestions contained in the late report of the Post-
master General the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be requested to inquire into the
practicability and necessity of such rectangular sys-
tem of land survey of the States of Kentucky, Ten-
nessee, West Virginia, Virginia, Korth Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, and Texas a« may be re-
quired to ascertain the exact position on the earth's
surface of the most important points in those States
as a basis for the execution of accurate post-route
maps, and to report by bill or otherwise.
POST ROUTE IN NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. DOCKERY introduced a bill (K. R.
No. 10G0) to establish a post route in the State
of North Carolina; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
SHEBOYGAN, MICHIGAN.
Mr. FERRY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be requested
to transmit to this House a report of suryey of the
port of Sheboygan, in the State of Michigan, made
by Colonel Cram and filed in the War Department.
MECHANICAL REPORTS OP PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. LAFLIN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Revolved, That the Committeo on Printing bo re-
quested to inform this House as to the practicability
of providing a more economical and efficient method
of publishing the transactions of the Patent Ofuce.
PAY AND MILEAGE OF MEMBERS OF CONOKEftS.
Mr. WELLS introduced a joint resolution
(H. It. No. 140) establishing the j>ay and mile-
age of Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress : which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
