1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
918
REVISION OF PATENT LAWS.
Mr. JENCKES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1001) to revise and amend the statutes relating
to patents and patent rights ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Patents.
ADDITIONAL BOUNTIES.
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask leave to introduce a
bill for consideration at the present time. I
am very certain that there will be no objection
to it after members have beard it read.
The bill (H. R. No.1062) to amend an act
entitled "An act in relation to additional boun-
ties, and for other purposes,'' was received,
and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It. provides
that the time specified in the fourth section of
the act entitled "An act in relation to addi-
tional bounties, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March a, 1809, prior to which claims
for bounty are required by the provisions of
said section to be presented, be, and the same
•is hereby, extended to the 1st day of Decem-
ber, 1872.
_ Mr. nOLMAN. I call the previous quts- j
tion on the engrossment and third reading of
this bill. ' !
Mr. LOGAN. I do not suppose the gentle-
man desires to forestall any action by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. But there is now
before that committee a bill of this kind.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw the call
for the previous question and yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Locan'] if he desires
to say anything on this bill.
Mr. LOGAN. This bill, as I understand it
from the reading of it, is for the purpose of
extending the time in which certain persons
shall make applications to receive additional
bounties. Is that it?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes. sir: that is it, and it
is all right.
Mr. LOGAN. I am not saying it is not, all
right. But I say the Committee on Military
Affairs are now considering or have already
considered a bill of this kind. I do not re-
member whether I have been or not instructed j
to report it to this House. I do not say the |j
bill before the Committee is exactly like this. ;!
But there is now before the Committee on j!
Military Affairs a bill extending the time for jj
persons to make applications for additional j!
bounties. !j
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I a4. Unit j|
the last section of the act of March t!. 18tU), j!
may be reported at the Clerk's desk. j:
Mr. LOGAN. T ask the gentleman from j1
Indiana to have this bill referred to the Corn- •!
mittee on Military Affairs. A bill on the sub- !j
ject has been considered by that committee,
and, a3 I understand from the clerk ol' that i
committee, it is now in the hands of one of jj
the members, ready to be reported whenever an !;
opportunity may be afforded. 1 hope the gen- ij
tleman from Indiana will not press this bill i)
without allowing it to be considered by the ;i
appropriate committee. j!
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to state to the House ;l
my motive for pressing this bill at the present :j
time. In the first place, it roust be clear to ij
every gentleman who has had occasion to ex- ji
amine this subject that a bill of this kind ought j j
to bo passed, and passed at once, for many jj
widows and orphan children who are entitled
to pensions under existing laws, and who have
been unable to file their claims prior to the 1st
of December of last year, are now sullering
great injustice by the total suspension of their
rights by the fourth section of the act of 18C0.
By that section all claims for bounty hied sub-
sequently to December 1, 1869, are excluded
from consideration at the Department. "Ibis
section was ingrafted upon the act of the last
Congress just at the close of the session as au
amendment, and I think must certainly have I
been passed by the House without attracting ■
proper attention, 'lliat section imposes a limit-
ation on the rights of our soldiers and their
widows and orphans which I think Congress
never intended to make. If a soldier or a
soldier' a widow or orphan children have aright
to bounty it is a most unjust thing to deprive
them of that right by such a limitation. The
only effect of the bill which I now offer is to
extend the time for presenting claims for addi-
tional bounty from the 1st day of December,
1869, till the 1st day of December, 3872. This
extension will affect only the classes of persons
1 have mentioned—widows who have failed to
get their claims fifed in time because they were
not familiar with the, law, and orphan children
after whose rights no person has been espe-
cially employed to look.
In view of the nature of the provision of this
bill, granting as it does simply an extension
of time, I think the bill ought to be passed at
once and no reference of the bill is necessary,
and I call upon the House to pass it.
Before yielding to the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Louav] I ask that section four of
the act of March 1!, 180'.), imposing this limit-
ation, may be read by the Clerk, so that mem-
beis may understand the exact, position of this
question.
The Cletk ie.nl as follows:
"Src. 4. And!)? it further enacted, That all claims
for bouul y under the provisions of the aft. cited in
1 he fores-din™ section shall ho void unless presented
in due form prior to the 1st day December, 18li'J."
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill which I nowpre-
sentis designed simply to extend t.ho provisions
of that section for a period of throe years—
from the 1st day of December, 1WS9, to the 1st
day of December, 1872. The gentleimm must
bear in mind that at this very time the Third
Auditor is actually precluded from taking cog-
nizance of this class of claims if filed subse-
quently to December 1, ]Still; so that justice
is denied to claimants by the operation of the
section just, read, and claimants, too, whose
rights we cannot afford to overlook.
f now yield to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Louajj.J
Mr. LOGAN. 1 presume, Mr. Speaker, that
the only object sought by the gentleman is that,
a bill of this chaiacler shall be passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. And passed promptly. Ac-
tion ought to be taken at once.
Mr. LOGAN. So far as regards prompti-
tude 1 will again say to the gentleman and the
House that a bill on this subject has already ;
been prepared by the Committee on -Military
Affairs and is now in the hands of one of the
members of the committee, to be reported
whenever the committee may be called, if
the committee have done their duly ill refer-
ence this subject, and if by awaiting their
report no claims fire prejudiced, 1 do not see
why the gentleman should be so anxious tor
the, passage of a hill which has not. been ex-
amined by the committee. I will say to the
gentleman that the claims of these parties are
being filed just the same as they ever were,
and are being tiled in expectation of the pas-
sage of a bill of this kind. The claims are
accepted by the Department, and put on file the
same as ever, so that the interests of the claim-
ants will not be prejudiced by deferring action
on this subject till ihe committee shall report
tneirbili.
Mr. IIOLMAN. liasthegeth-mananyobjec- !
tion to this bill ?
Mr. LOGAN. I will pay to the gentleman
that the committee have considered this subject
thoroughly, and have agreed upon a bill which
will probably go a little further than the one
now introduced by the gentleman. I do not
remember the exact provisions of'our bill, but
it is designed to cover all classes of cases, and
T know the gentleman would be satisfied with
it if he saw it. It is now in the hands of the j
gentleman from Wisconsin. [Mr. Cow:,] ready
to be reported whenever the committee shall
be called. I only insist, sir, that whenever a
committee is ready to report bills gentlemen
shall not come in here and introduce bills of
the same character, and that the House shall
not pass them over the heads of the committee
and against their protest. '
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that the
reason urged by my friend from Illinois why
this bill should not pass is not a valid one".
The principle of the proposition* X offered is
admitted to beall right, and thatitisabill proper
for this House to pass. There is no objection
to the bill itself, only but that it does not come
from a committee. It accomplishes a proper
object which should be done at once, and I triist
that it will pass. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The House divided; and there—were ayes
2!), noes G3. ' : '
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 move that the "bill be re-
ferred to the Committee oil MilitaJy Affairs,'
Mr. HOLMAN. With leave to report at
any time.
Mr. KELSBY, That requires unanimous
consent, and I object.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
LAKE SUPERIOR SHIP-CANAfc.
Mr. STRICKLAND introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1003) extending the Portage Lake and
Lake Superior ship-canal to Keweenaw bay,
providing the right of way and making a. .grant
of land to aid in the continuance of said ex-
tension ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. INGEKSOLL. That bill properly bo-
longsto the Committee on Roads and Canals.-
MV. STRICKLAND. It is a substitute for
a bill now before the Committee on the Public
Lands.
A. K. COLHNS.
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio, introduced a bill,(II.
R. No. 10114) for the relief of A. G. Collins;
which was read a first, and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
POST ROUTES IN OIIIO.
Mi. MOORK, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(II. Ji. No, liiiSij) to establish certain post
routes in the State cf Ohio ; which was read
a first, and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
THOMAS I. 1VBK.
M r. A UClIKIl introduced a bill (H. li. No.
lOfjii; for the relief of-Thomas I. Ives, Jatepost-
riisister at, Havre de Grace; which was re'a"d:a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post. Office and Post Roads.
era A.
Mr. FITCH. I introduce a joint, resolution
(II. I!. No. HI) authorizing and requesting
the President, to accord belligerent rights to
the republic of Cuba.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereat the President of the United States, in his
last annual liie-qare. enunciated the doctrine that
" tlii= nation is its own judge when to accord tberights
of belligerency to apoople struggling to free them-
selves from n Government they believe to lie oppres-
sive:" and whereas the people of the island of Cuba
have for more than a. year pa St, been "rtragglins t<>
free thcmselies from a Uov eminent they believe to
be oppressive and whereas, in pursuit of such
effort, they have maintained armed fureiy: in the field,
established a capital, orsanized a civil government,
abolished slai cry, and now hold pocsopsion of and
exerei?e actual jurisdiction overalarse portion of
the island of Cuba: and whereas all effiirts of the
00 \ eminent of Spain to suppress the insurrection in
Cuba have proved abortive: rind whereas therepnli-
licof Cuba lias reached a eouditionof national exist-
ence which entitle.® it to a ruangaitinnnf boJlixcreiicy
from other Powers : and whereas the interests of the
Ifnited states of America woltfd be advance ! and
the sympathies of its peopte Consulted by tliemrce's
01 the Cuban- in achieving independence: '.there-
lore,
/,'<• it rr ml ml blithe Jennie <tndJJmtse nf Jlrpnwr.t-
in.x-':'- of the Crated Htatrnof America in (hnjreftn a whi-
ttled, That the President of the United States is
hereby authorized and requested to immediately
i-sue a proclamation according the rights of belli-
gerency to the republic of Cuba.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time.
