910
THE (JOJN GHMS.S10JN AIj (iJLOBE.
January 31,
Mr. FITCH. I move that the joint resolu-
tion bo referred to a special committee of seven.
Mr. BANKS. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
125, noes 14.
So the latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reports on total eclipse.
Mr. LAWRENCE submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House two thousand copies, and for the use of the
officers of the National Observatory five hundred
copies, uf the reports of the total eclipse of the sun
of August 7,1869, by the officers of the Observatory,
officers of the Army, and others.
rock island bridge.
Mr. HAWLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to submit a joint resolution in relation to the
construction of the Rock Island bridge for
consideration at the present time.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
tariff on coal.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to sub-
mit the following resolution, on which I demand
the previous question:
Hesolvcd, Thatthe Committee of "Ways and Means
be instructed to insert in their forthcoming report a
clause repealing the unjust and burdensome tariff
on coal.
Objection was made.
Mr. COX. I move to suspend the rules in
order tbat the resolution may be considered.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be
entertained at present while the gentleman has
the floor by the courtesy of the gentleman from
Kansas, [Mr. Clarke,] who himself holds the
floor for the purpose of moving a suspension
of the rules. The motion can only be enter-
tained if the gentleman from Kansas yields for
that purpose.
Mr. CLARICE. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] to offer a resolution.
j. .t. kiscii and company.
Mr. BECK. I submit the following reso-
lution of inquiry, which the Committee on
Appropriations have instructed me to offer this
moiniug:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue be, and he is hereby, directed to inform this
House by what authority, if any, J. J. Ivisch <& Co.,
'ZY> Pearl street, New York, have procured the copy-
right of the revenue coupon book to be used by
di:,tillers, rectifiers, and liquor dealors, known as
lihmk tor in No. 52, prescribed a* provided by section
forty-live of the act of July 20,1868; and to state why
any change in the existing form No. 52 is required,
the price paid for it, nnd the price now required to
he paid to J. J. Ivisch it Co. for that directed to be
procured, and why the price is increased ; and until
tiio further action of this House the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue is requested to suspend the
execution of the order issued on the 29th day of
December, 1869, signed by J. W. Douglas, acting
Commissioner, requiring the uso of the new blank
i'orm No. 52.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I demand the regular order.
osaoe indians.
Mr. CLARKE reported back from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs House bill (H. R.
No. 90S) to provide for the removal of the
Osage Indians to the Indian territory, and to
dispose of their lauds in Kansas to actual set-
tlers only; and moved that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose of allowing the bill to
be considered at the present time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
President of the United States to assign to or
set apart from the lands in Indian territory
subject to settlement by friendly Indians, for
the Osage Indians, a tract of land suitable in
size for their wants; a suitable portion of the
same to be adapted for agricultural purposes.
The first section further provides that the
President shall immediately take steps to effect
the removal of the said Indians from the State
of Kansas, and to settle them upon the lands
which may be assigned to them under the pro-
visions of this act.
The second section proposes to enact that
the provisions of the first and second articles
of the treaty between said Indians and the
.United States, proclaimed January 21, 1867,
for the disposition of money arising from the
proceeds of land ceded by said articles, shall
be carried into effect, the President to deduct
therefrom a sufficient amount to be used in
defraying the expense of the removal and loca-
tion of said Indians, as contemplated by this
act, provided that disposition shall be made
of the lands ceded by said articles as provided
in said treaty and the act of Congress approved
April 10, 1809 ; provided, however, that said
act shall continue in force until all of said
lands are disposed of.
The third section provides that the United
States, in consideration of the relinquishment
by said Indians of their present diminished
reserve in Kansas, shall pay annually interest
on the amount of money received as proceeds
of sale of said lands at the rate of five per cent.,
to be used by the President for the benefit of
said Indians in such manner as he may deem
proper; and for this purpose" an accurate
account shall be kept by the Secretary of the
Interior of the money received as proceeds of
sale, and the aggregate amount received prior
to the 1st day of November of each year shall
be the amount upon which the payment of
interest shall be based; provided that interest
shall be paid as aforesaid until the proceeds of
sale of said lands shall amount to $1,000,000
in addition to the expenses of survey, then said
amount of $1,000,000 shall be invested bythe
President in bonds of the United States and
shall be held for said Indians, and the interest
thereon shall be expended by the President for
their benefit; provided further that if any of
said lands remain undisposed of after the pro-
visions of this act are complied with the same
shall be subject to the operations of the home-
stead and preemption laws of the United States.
The fourth section provides that tho land
within the diminished reserve of said Indians
in Kansas shall be immediately surveyed by
the surveyor general of the district of Kansas,
under the direction of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, as other public lauds are
surveyed, the expense of said survey to be paid
from the proceeds of sale of said lands.
The fifth section provides that all of said
lands shall be immediately open to settlement
and shall be sold to actual bona fide settlers
only, in quantities not to exceed one hundred
and sixty acres to any one person, at the price
of $1 25 per acre, payment to be made in cash
within one year from date of settlement or from
the passage of this act, the settlement and pay-
ment to be under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior; provided that the sixteenth
and thirty-sixth sections in each township of
said lands shall be reserved to the State of
Kansas for school purposes.
The sixth section authorizes the President
of the United States to cause the tract of land
selected for said Indians in the Indian ter-
ritory to be surveyed and to allot to said Indians
lands in severalty, the title of the Indians to
be evidenced by such form of certificate or
patent as he may deem advisable; also, to
expend such portion of the interest provided by
this act to be paid to tho United States or of
the interest on the amount provided to be in-
vested in bonds of the United States, as in his
judgment he may deem best, for surveying and
allotting land at their new home, in making
improvements thereon, and of providing them
with agricultural implements, seeds, &c., and
also for the promotion of education.
The question was on suspending the rules.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
inquire 
Mr. COX. I object to debate.
On suspending the rules there were—ayes
60, noes 39; no quorum voting.
The Speaker, under the rule, ordered tellers;
and appointed Mr. Clarke and Mr. Cox.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 75, noes 39.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. CLARKE demanded the yeas and nays.
Oti ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes twenty-seven; noes not counted ; not one
fifth of the last vote voting in the affirmative.
Mr. CLARKE demanded tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker
appointed Mr. Clarke and Mr. Cox.
The tellers reported—ayes thirty, noes not
counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. I would inquire if the bill has
been printed ?
The Clerk slated that the bill had been
printed.
Mr. COX. How many millions of acres of
land does it dispose of?
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 87, nays 54, not voting 74 ; as follows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Archer, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Aeper, Bailey, Ranks, Beaman,
Jieatty, Benton, lilair, George M. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, Burehard, Cake, Cessna, Clarke, Ama=a
Cobb, Cook, Conner, Cullom, Deweese, Ela, Fams-
worth, Ferriss, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch,Garfield,
Griswold, Hale, Hamill, Hamilton, llawley, Heiiin,
Hoar, J enekes, Kelley, Kelsey, Knapp, Laflin, Law-
rence, Logan, Loughridge, McCrary, Mercur, Elia-
kim II. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Paino, Poland, Pomcroy,
Porter, Sargent, Sawyer, Sclienck, Scofield, Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Btonghton, Strick-
land, Strong, Taffe, Townsend, Twiehell, Tyner,
Upson, Vim Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Wolker, Whittcmore, Wilkinson. Willard, Wil-
liams, .John T. Wilson, and Winans—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Barnum, Beck, Bigg.',
Bingham, Bird, Boyd. Buffinton, Burr, Churchill,
Cowles,Cox,Crcbs, Dickinson,Dox, Duval,Eldridge.
Golladay, Greene, Hay, Holman, Johnson, Thomas
L. Jones, Judd, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott.
Marshall Maynard, McCormick, MctJrew, McNeely,
Niblaek, Piatt, Potter, Randall, Reading, Rice, II o-
gers, Soliumaker, Sherrod, Sloeum, Stiles, Strader,
Sweeney, Van Auk en, VanTrump.Voorhees, Wells,
.Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Witchcr, and Wood-
ward—54.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Axtell, Benjamin,
Bennett, Boles, Bowen, James Brooks, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Davis, Dawes,
Dickey, Dixon, Doekery, Donley, Dyer, Ferry, Fox,
(letz,Gibson,Gilfdlan, ilaight, Haldeman, Ilamble-
ton, Hawkins, Hays, Heaton, Hill, Hoag, .Iioge,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Alexander 11. Jones,
Julian, Lash, Lynch, Mayharu, McCarthy, Milnes,
Jesse II. Moore, William Moore, Morgan, Daniel
J. Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen, Negley, Palmer,
Peters, Phelps, Prosser, Reeves, Ridgway, Roots,
Sanford, Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, William
J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stevenson, Stone,
Swann, Tanner, Tillman, Trimble, Ward, William
B. Washburn, Wheeler, and Wood—74.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
tariff on coal.
Mr. COX. I move to suspend the rules to
enable me to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Cominitteeof Ways and Means
be instructed to insert in their forthcoming report a
clause repealing the unjust and burdensome tariil
on coal.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to lay the resolu
tion on the table.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
before the House. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] moves to suspend the rules
that the resolution may be brought before the
House.
The question was put on Mr. Cox's motion ;
and there were—ayes 31, noes 78.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
member swolln in.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. Mr. Richard S. Ayer, Representative-
elect from the first congressional district of
Virginia, is present and desires to be sworn in.
The SPEAKER, Is he one of the gentle-
