18T0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
919
fore when this bill came from the Senate I
did not ask its reference to the committee.
The committee of the last House having ex-
amined^ and found it correct, I had no desire
to have it reexamined by the present committee,
which I suppose would probably come to the
same conclusion as the committee of the last
Congress.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think this bill ought to
go to the Committee of Claims. It ought to
take the usual course that bills take here and
be referred to the proper committee. If the
gentleman from Iowa will give me an oppor-
tunity I will move to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of Claims. If the gentleman will not
give me that opportunity I hope the House
will vote down the previous question.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I think the proper
committeeisthe Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have nothing to do with claims for
damages. If every committee having charge
of some branch of legislation should have all
claims that grow out of that legislation referred
to them they would all become committees on
claims.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. That objection ought
to have been made before the case was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD. This bill has not been
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
I desire to move to refer it to the Committee
of Claims, where it belongs.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I cannot yield for
that purpose. I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The report which
has been read was made by the Committee 011
Military Affairs of the last Congress when 1 was
chairman of that committee, and I remember
very distinctly the character of the case. I will
state briefly whatit is and then leave the question
to the House. This man fleeside contracted to
transport supplies over one of the military lines
of supply in the West, and commenced his work.
' He employed teamsters to make the transport-
ation, and when he had gone on to a certain
extent Indian hostilities broke out aud made
it impossible for him to continue and complete
his contract. A little time before the Indian
hostilities broke out there were heavy rains
which swelled the rivers so as to make it very
difficult, if not impossible, for him to keep up
with the terms of his contract. The result was
that he did not fulfill to the whole extent his
contract tor transportation in consequence of
the rains and the Indian hostilities. Con-
tracts were made with other parties and the
work was done by them after Mr. Ileeside
broke down iii his attempt to do the work.
In the mean time the transportation which
he had done had been conducted in this way:
whenever & teamster cam© and took a^ load
he received a bill of lading, or certificate,
which was signed at the other end of the line
when the load was delivered. That certificate
that he, had carried a load weighing so much
was his voucher that he was entitled to be paid
for his work. Those vouchers were trona time
to time given out to teamsters as the work was
done. , , ,
Now, the bill which I reported by order ot
the Committee on Military Affairs provided
that Mr. Iieeside should be settled with for all
the work actually done in so iar as these
vouchers or bills of lading had aetuauy been
given, and no further, and if this bill provides
for that and nothing more it is manifestly just,
aud ought to pass. .
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I would ask my col-
league upon what grounds the War Department
refused to compensate Mr. Reesidc tor the won*
done under his contract'?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. ^ ell, he had
not fulfilled the contract, and tnoy ordered a
stoppage of the settlement of his accounts until
the whole question should be determined about
the completion of the contract.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Had the committee
any sworn testimony of the facts stated ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
had sworn vouchers, sworn official statements,
and reports from tho quartermaster's depart-
ment stating the facts in the ease. And upon
those sworn vouchers a bill was reported; and
I think this is the very one that the Committee
on Military Affairs at that time recommended,
but upon which no action was taken, it being
so late in the session.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Has Mr.
Reeside ever received any money for the ser-
vice performed ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not under-
stand that he has himself over been paid a dol-
lar or that any of his teamsters have been paid.
Most of the vouchers now out are for work done
by actual teamsters for which they have re-
ceived no pay.
Mr. W ASHBU RN, of Wisconsin. 1 wish to
ask one further question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Can the
gentleman state to the House how much money
is involved in this matter?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I could have
stated formerly, and I believe I did state in the
report of the Committee on Military Affairs ;
but I do not now remember what the total
amount is.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. As no
one seems to know what amount of money is
involved in this bill, 1 certainly thinkit should
be referred to a committee for investigation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It cannot
amount to any more than the contract price for
the actual amount of work done. As the work
has been done by persons under the authority
of the Government, it seems to me that the
question of the amount is not so pertinent. I
have made this statement at the request of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Lotjg-hiudoe.]
The question was upon the third reading of
the bill.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I call the previous
question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 29, noes '25; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Loughbidge
and Mr. Soofield were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes GO, noes 45.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered ; which was
upon ordenug the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LINCOLN MEMORIAL.
The next business on tho Speaker s table
was a joint resolution (8.11. No. 77) authorizing
a distribution of tho copies remaining in the
Department of State ot the Iributes of the
Nations to Abraham Lincoln; which was taken
I! up, and read a first and second time.
I! The joint resolution provides tnat the copies
II of the Tributes of the Nations to Abraham
i:, Lincoln now remaining undistributed ana m
IS the possession of the Secretary ol State snail
|! be distributed as follows : one copy to each
Senator and member of the House of Repie-
I! sentatives who has not already received a copy,
I; and the remainder to be distributed by the
f Secretary of State to the public libraries m the
I United States, and to such person? as in the
judgment of the Secretary shall seem proper.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move that this joint reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on Print-
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution was referred accordingly.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlix,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a bill and a joint resolution
of the following titles, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 895) to establish the collec-
tion district of Willamette, in the State of
Oregon ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 15) giving con-
struction to the acts of Congress granting lands
to the State of Wisconsin to aid in building
railroads.
ACCOUNTS 01? JOXIN W. JTORNKY.
The House resumed the consideration of
business upon the Speakers table, the next
business being a joint resolution (S. R. No. 80)
to close the accounts of John W. Forney, late
Secretary of the Senate; which was taken from
the Speaker's table, and read a first and sec-
ond time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution provides that in order
to close the accounts of John W. Forney, late
Secretary of the Senate, on the books of the
Treasury the Comptroller of the Treasury be
authorised to bring such credit balances as
have been found due to him on account of such
appropriations as have been exhausted to his
debit on certain other appropriations in which
balances have been found against him, lie
having already satisfied the entire balance
which has been found due by him on the final
settlement of his accounts.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BURR. Is it in order to move to refer
this joint resolution to the Committee on Ap-
propriations ?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution, was read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. DICKEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISMISSAL OF AKJITf OFFICERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 81) author-
izing the President to strike from the rolls of
the Army the names of certain officers; whteh
was taken up and read a first and second time.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 move that this joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. .
The motion was agreed to; and the jomt
resolution was referred accordingly.
TECIIE, LOUISIANA.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 83) to define the limits of
the collection district of Teche, in the State
of Louisiana, and for other purposes; which
was taken up ii/id read a first and second time.
Ml'. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I move that
this bill be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Dill was
referred accordingly.
HOT SPlUXfiS BESKRYATIOK, AUKAKSAS.
The next business on tho Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 95) in relation to the Hot
Springs reservation, iu Arkansas; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. ROGERS. I wove that this bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
M'- ORTH I think that it should go to the
Committee on Private Land Claims. I move
to amend the motion of the gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Booms J. by striking out the
Judiciary" aud inserting "Private Land
■ Claims."
