1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
man borne upon the Register and what is his
name?
Mr. BANKS. William L. Hanseom.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand he has been
dropped from the Register, and I suppose the
effect of this joint resolution will be to rein-
state him in his former position. Such being
the case it is important to inquire whether any
injustice will be done to others of his rank or
grade by such action. This is peculiarly a
question for the investigation of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, being among the complicated
questions which are very often submitted for
their investigation. The reinstatement of dis-
charged or retired officers often works injustice
and jostles deserving men who have succeeded
to the places left vacant by the dismissal or
retirement of such officers, and involves so
much that is provisional in its character as con-
nected with the Navy that I hope the propo-
sition to refer the joint resolution to the com-
mittee will prevail.
Mr. CULLOM. When did this officer resign?
Mr. BANKS. In 1866.
Mr. CULLOM. I would'ask the gentleman
whether or not, if this officer resigned in 1866
and was now restored his reinstatement would
not carry with it the pay that would have been
due him if he had remained in the service all
the time?
Mr. BANKS. That is expressly prohibited
by the joint resolution. Mr. Hanseom will
draw no pay for the period between the day of
his resignation and his reappointment by the
President.
I move to amend by inserting after the word
" President" the words " if he shall deem it
expedient." I ask the previous question on
the joint resolution and amendment.
On seconding.the previous question, there
were—ayes 21, noes G5; further count not being
insisted on.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
the poor in the district.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the Senate bill (S. No. 435) for the temporary
relief of the poor and destitute people in the
District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second lime.
The bill in its first section appropriates the
sum of $80,000 for the temporary relief of the
poor and destitute population in the District of
Columbia, to be distributed by the mayors of
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, the
president of the levy court, and Oliver O. How-
ard, through the agencies of the Washington
Association for the Improvement of the Con-
dition of the Poor, the National Freedmen's
Relief Association, and the Industrial Home
School of District of Columbia, and in such
other manner and in such proportions as they
shall deem most desirable and best calculated
to promote the objects of the appropriation. It
also authorizes the Secretary ot War to furnish
the mayors of Washington and Georgetown, the
president of the levy court, and Oliver O. How-
ard condemned clothing and other articles not
suited for Army purposes, for distribution by
them among the poor and destitute m the Dis-
trict, of Columbia, not to exceed $10,000.
The second section provides that the persons
charged with the expenditure of the aforesaid
appropriation shall, so far as may be practica-
ble, provide labor and materials for labor, so
as to promote and improve the condition ot
the poor. ., , f
The third section provides that the use ot
buildings in Judiciary square, occupied as
store-houses by the medical department o
Army, be granted, until otherwise ordered by
the President, to the Women's Christian Asso-
ciation of Washington, for the purpose of en-
abling said association to give employment to
indigent women.
The fourth and last section provides that the
parties hereinbefore named, to whom the dis-
tribution of said fund is intrusted, shall make
a report to Congress on the first Monday of
December next, of their action when the sum
hereby appropriated shall have been expended.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the bill contains an appropriation,
and must have its first consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER, The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. COOK. I move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on that bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform
the gentleman that he cannot reach the bill in
that way.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would suggest that
my colleague can reach the bill by moving to
suspend the rules.
Mr. COOK. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. KNOTT. I would ask if it would be in
order to move to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. It would if the gentleman
had the floor to make that motion.
On suspending the rules, there were—ayes
72, noes 42.
Before the result was announced—
Mr. COOK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 92, nays 62, not voting 68: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Armstrong
Asper, Banks, Beaman, Bingham, Boles, Bowen,
George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burchard, B r-
dett, Roderick It. Butler, Cake. Cessna, Churchill,
Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cnllom, Dickey, Dixon, Don-
ley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Ifarnsworth, 1'erriss, Ferry,
Finkelnburff,Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, GilfUlan.lIalo,
Hamilton, Hay, lleaton, lleflin, Hill, Hoar, Ilo^'o,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, .Tudd, Kelsey, Knapp, Laflin,
Xioughridge, Lynch, McCrary, MeGrew, MoKonzic,
Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Paine. Palmer, Peters. Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pom-
eroy, Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, Lio-
nel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, "William Smyth, Stokes,
Strickland, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell,
Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker,
Wheeler, Whittemore, Wilkinson, Willard, Wil-
liams, and John T. Wilson—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Barnuni, uoatty,
Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Biggs, Buuinton, Burr,
Calkin, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cox, Deweese,
Dickinson, Dox, lSldridgo, Gciz, (iolladay,. Greene,
Griswold, Hamill, Hawkins, Hawley, ijolmaii,
Thomas L.Jones, Kerr, Kctcham, Knott, Loftan,
McN eeiy, Morcur, Eliakim il. Moore, WilUam
Moore, Morgan, Niblack, Potter, Randall, Reading,
Rice, Ridgway, Rogers, Schumaker, Slocum, J oseph
S. Smith, William J. Smith, Stiles, Stoughton, Stra-
der, Swann, Trimblo, Tyner, Van Auken, \ an
Trump, Wells, liugeno M. Wilson, Wwans, Win-
chester, Witcher and Woodward—62. , A ,,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Axtell,
Ayer, Bailey, Bennett, Bird, Blair, Boyd, James
Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Cleveland, Clinton L.
Cobb, Crebs, Davis, Dawes, Doekery, Fox, Gibson,
Haight, Ilaldeman, Hambleton.Hays,Iloag, Hoop-
er, Hotehkiss, Johnson,Alexander H. J ones, Julian,
Kclley, Kellogg, Lash, Lawrence, Marshall, May-
ham, Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick, Mdnos,
Jesse II. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Mornssey, Mun-
gen, Negley, Packer, Porter, Reeves, Sanford,
Schenck, Scofield, Sherrod, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stone, Strong, Sweeney. Taffe, Upson.
Voorhees, Ward, William B. ashburn, ant.
Wood—63.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereot)
the rules were not suspended.
The bill, under the point of order made by
Mr. Benjamin, was then referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the U mon
transfer of naval appropriations.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1067) authorizing
a transfer of certain appropriations m the JN avy
Department to the Bureau of Construction and
Repair and Steam Engineering; which vttfs read
a first and second time, and, with the accom
panying papers, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
duty on coal.
Mr. WITCHER, by unanimous consent, pre'
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of West Virginia, opposing a reduction
of the duty on foreign coal; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
international commissions.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, introduced
a joint resolution (H, R. No. 142) in reference
to the collation and publication of the decisions
of international commissions: which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
statue of general greene.
The next business oh the Speaker's table
was the following concurrent resolution of the
Senate, accepting the statue of Major General
Greene:
Resolved, That the thanks of this Congress bo pre-
sented to the Governor, and through nim to the
people of the State of Rhode Island and Providence
Plantations, for thestatuo of Major General Greeno,
whose name is so honorably identified with our rev-
olutionary history; that this work of art is accepted
in the name.of the nation and assigned aplaeo in tho
old llall of the House of representatives, already sot
aside by act of Congress for the statues of eminent
oituens; and that aeopy of this resolution, signed by
the President of tho Senate and tho Speaker of the
House of Representatives, be transmitted to tho Gov-
ernor of tho State of Khodo Island unci Providonco
Plantations.
Mr. TANNER. I move that the House con-
cur in the resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Before that motion is
put I would like to make a suggestion to the
gentleman. I would like to have the name of
the artist who executed tho work inserted in
the resolution, for he certainly deserves more
thanks than the Governor and Legislature of
Rhode Island.
Mr. JENCKES. He gets his thanks from
the Slate of Rhode Island, which employed
and paid him.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What is his name?
Several Members. Brown.
Mr. TANNER. The old Hall of the House
of Representatives has been dedicated by act
of Congress to the commemoration of civic, and
military virtues by art. The State ol Rhode
Island is the first of the States to erect in this
noble Hall a statue, wrought from purest mar-
ble, of one of her most illustrious citizens, who
in the early history of this Republic, in battle
and in council, illustrated the valor, the wis-
dom, and the patriotism of the American soldier
and the American statesman. Our history is
rich with the rceords of such men; but the
common consent of the American people has
assigned to General Nathanael Greene a place
among the very first of those great men who
have thus adorned either the earlier or the later
periods of our history. It is no part_ of my
purpose to pronounce his eulogium. His great
deeds and his greater character are recorded
in the annals of his country's history, and a
grateful people will not permit them to pass
from the memories of men. When time shall
have dimmed the luster of this marble and have
marred the beauty of its outlines the character
of this great man will shine with ever increas-
ing brightness, and every line of its majestic
proportions preserve their original grace and
dignity to excite the interest and arouse the
emulation of posterity.
Mr. Speaker, I send to the Clerk's desk a
letter from the Governor of the State of Rhode
Island upon this subject, and ask that it bo read.
The Clerk read as follows:
State of Rhode Island,
Executive Department, Pkovidexce,
January o, lo/U.
Sir: In accordance with a resoh*tion °| Congress
d Jul v 2 1864 inviting each State to lurnish tor
the Hall of the old Ho«o of Representatives two
full-length marble statues'' of deceased persons wno
have been citizens thereof and illustrious tor their
hi^t-orie renown from distinguished civic or military
serv°™each State shall determine to be
worthy of national commemOTation, the State Oi
Rhode Island, by a vote of its General Assembly.
Wi ranwdto be made two marble statues, one ot
Roger 'Williains, the founder of tho State, tho ptber
of Major General Nathanael Greene, a distinguished
offioer of the army of tho Revolution.
