926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 31,
Also, a petition of citizens of Penn Hall,
Centre county, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Centre county,
Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Spring Mills,
Centre county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bellefonte,
Centre county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Mount Eagle,
Centre county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pleasant Gap,
Centre county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Linden Hall,
Centre county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hublersburg,
Centre county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Julian Fur-
nace, Centre comity, Pennsylvania, for the
same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Lock Haven,
Clinton county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hyner's Run,
Clinton county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Renovo, Clin-
ton county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Westport, Clin-
ton county, Pennsylania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Chatham,
Clinton county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Buck Creek,
Clinton county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Linden, Ly-
coming county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Salladays-
burg, Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, for the
same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Collumsville,
Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Roses Valley,
Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Houston
township, Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, for
the tame.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bast Hebron,
Potter county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Sweden, Pot-
ter county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Sharon, Potter
county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hebron, Pot-
ter county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of the citizens of Middle-
bury township, Tioga county, Pennsylvania,
for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Knoxville,
Tio.c-a county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Union, Tioga
county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Liberty, Tioga
county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Nauvoo, Tioga
county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Covington,
Tioga county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Blosshurg,
'Tioga county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
• Also, a petition of citizens of Wellsboro,
Tioga county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Middlebury,
Tioga county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Stony Fork,
Tioga county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Osceola, Tioga
county Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, apetition of citizens ofHixtown. Tioga
county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Lambs Creek,
Tioga county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of WestfielU,
Tioga county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, apetition of citizens of Sullivan town-
ship, Tioga county, Pennsylvania, for the
same.
Also, apetition of citizensof Fayette county,
Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Washington
township, Indiana county, Pennsylvania, for
the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of New Alexan-
dria, Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania, fof
the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Alivira, Union
county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of Branson
Jackson, postmaster, and 32 others, citizens
of Jackson Corners, Sullivan county, Missouri,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of James 8. Fisher, post-
master, and HO others, citizens of Utica, Liv-
ingston county, Missouri, for the same purpose.
By Mr. BARNUM: The petition of A. B.
Sherman and 90 others, citizens of Woodbury,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of Charles Brewster and
32 others, citizens of Kobertsville, Connecticut,
asking Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of Francis C. French, post-
master, and 31 others, citizens of Lime Rock,
Litchfield county, Connecticut, asking the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 38 citizens of Litchfield
county, Connecticut, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Henry S. Allen and 30
others, citizensof Colebrook, Litchfield county,
Connecticut, praying Congress to abolish the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Joseph Clark and others,
citizens of East Cornwall, Connecticut, pray-
ing Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of John To met and 40
others, citizens of Litchfield county, Connecti-
cut, asking Congress to abolish the franking
privilege.
By Mr. BEAMAN: A memorial of the
Board of Trade of the District of Columbia,
asking an appropriation for the improvement
of the channels of the Potomac and Anacostia
rivers ; also, resolutions of said board indors-
ing the movement now being agitated for change
of government of said district.
By Mr. BECK: A petition of a number of
citizens of Little Hickman, Jessamine county,
Kentucky, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of a number of citizens of
Bohea, Mercer county, Kentucky, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of George Blow, jr., of
Norfolk, Virginia, praying for the removal of
his p'olitical disabilities.
By Mr. BEATTY: The memorial of .Tames
AT. Haives and others, citizens of Delaware,
Ohio, setting forth that there is now u=ed in
the manufacture, of bagging and other articles
in the States of Ohio. Indiana, and Illinois
between forty and fifty thousand ton3 of raw
flax, valued at six to eight dollars per ton, and
producing to the farmers a total of from three
hundred to three hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, which but for this manufacture would j
be wholly wasted : that in the preparation of
raw flax in the States named and in its manu-
facture there are now fifteen hundred persons
employed, and on an average two other persons
dependent upon their labor, making four
thousand to forty-five hundred persons sup-
ported by this manufacture : that withdrawal
of the present import duties upon articles com-
peting with this manufacture, ctiiefly manu-
facture of jute, commonly called gunny cloth
or India bagging, will at once check and cripple
this growing industry and entail a yearly loss
of 5300,000 of law material hitherto wasted, I
i $000,000 wages to the employed, ami a loss of i
j over a million dollars' worth of machinery and j
i buildings erected and suitable lor this work. I
By Mr. BIRD ; A petition for the abolition j
of the franking privilege from citizens of I
Freuchtowii, New Jersey.
Also, a petition for the abolition of the
franking privilege from the citizens of Pea
Patch, New Jersey.
Also, a petition for the abolition of the
franking privilege from citizens of Springtown,
New Jersey.
By Mr. BLAIR : The petition of II. A.
Read and others, of Marshall, Michigan, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, of H. M. Hamilton and others, of
Eaton Rapids, Michigan, for the same object.
Also, of B. F. Burgess and others, of Man-
chester, Michigan, l'or the same object.
Also, of D. B. Green and others, of Ypsi-
lanti, Michigan, for the same object.
Also, of J. Thompson and others, of Delhi,
Michigan, for the same object.
By Mr. BOYD : A petition of 100 citizens
of Jasper county, Missouri, praying for a mail
route from Carthage to Galesburg via Alba,
Jasper county, Missouri.
Also, concurrent resolution of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Missouri, asking for boun-
ties and pensions to the enrolled Missouri
militia.
By Mr. BRADFORD: A memorial of the
city council of Central City, Colorado, asking
for the passage of the bill now before Con-
gress providing for the entry of the site of
said city.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts : Peti-
tions of Albert Wood and 44 others, citizens
of Woodville; of Robert Derby and 8 others,
citizens of Stow; of David Lee Child and 40
others, citizens of Wayland; of J. A. Harwood
and 42 others, citizens of Littleton ; of James
M. Stickney and 40 others, citizens of Pep-
perell, all of Massachusetts, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Miv BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Hon. .Joseph Grinnell and. 59 others, citizens
of New Bedford, Massachusetts, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of Benjamin H. Wirt and
29 others, citizens of Rochester, Massachusetts,
praying for the same.
Also, the memorial of Elihu Fish and 25
others, citizens of Wood's Hole, Massachusetts,
praying for the same.
Also, the memorial of Solomon White and
27 others, citizens "of North Middleborough,
Massachusetts, praying for the same.
Also, the memorial of James Chase and 2.3
others, citizens ofWest Dennis, Massachusetts,
praying for the same.
Also, the memorial of T. E. Sanford and 30
others, citizens of Dartmouth, Massachusetts,
praying for the same.
By Sir. BUBCHARD: The memorial of
Moses Jerome and John Dement, of Dixon,
Illinois, for retention of preseutduty on gunny-
cloth.
Also, petitions of citizens of Byron, Woosang,
Freeport, Oregon, and Looanna, Illinois, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Rock Falls,
Illinois, for the repeal of the law known as
'1 free mail matter and the franking privilege,''
and to require prepayment by the publisher of
'• regular matter" deposited in the post office
for transportation to bona fide subscribers.
By Mr. BURDETT: A petition of citizens
of Bunceton, Cooper county, Missouri for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Holden, Mis-
souri, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of High Point,
Missouri, for the same.
Also, apetition of citizensof Pleasant Mount,
Missouri, for the same.
By Mr. BURR: Petitions of many postmas-
ters and a few citizens in the tenth district of
Illinois, asking the abolition of the frankinsr
privilege; each of which petitions was franked
by the postmaster mailing the same.
By Mr. CAKE: A petition for the abolition
of the franking privilege, signed by citizens
of Schaefferstown, Lebanon eountv, Pennsyl-
vania.
Also, a petition for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege, signed by citizens of Mount Ziou,
Lebanon county, Pennsylvania.
Also. a pet ition for the abolition of the fran Ic-
ing privilege, signed by citizens of Landing-
ville, Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania.
