1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
Also, a petition for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege, signed by citizens of Parryville,
Carbon county, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. CESSNA : A petition for a mail route
from Cumberland, Maryland, to Man's Choice,
Pennsylvania.
Also, six petitions, praying Congress to abol-
ish the franking privilege.
By Mr. CHDRCHILL: The petition of
Henry Webb and 163 others, citizens of Mex-
ico, New York; also, of P. P. Elphick and
47 others, citizens of Stockbridge, New York,
and of Isaac Phelps and 52 others, citizens of
Solsville, New York, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of Joseph
S. Stockwell and 57 others, citizens of High-
land, Michigan, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of L.Y. Rush and 20 others,
citizens of Mount Vernon, Michigan, for the
same object.
Also, the petition of William G. Stone and
26 others, citizens of Pive Lakes, Michigan,
for the same object.
Also, the petition of Thomas Francis and 40
others, citizens of Parmington, Michigan, for
the same object.
Also, the petition of Henry Burnham and 37
others, citizens of Kenockee, Michigan, for the
same object.
Also, the petition of H. C. Babcock and 9
others, citizens of Rural Yale, Michigan, for
the same object.
Also, the petition of John Germain and 89
others, citizens of Franklin, Michigan, for the
same object.
Also, the petition of N. K. Elliot and CG
others, citizens of Ortonville, Michigan, forthe
same object.
Also, the petition of J. Everett and 68 others,
citizens of Pinckney, Michigan, for the same
objcct.
Also, the petition of H. Barrows and 157
others, citizens of Armada, Michigan, for the
same object.
Also, the petition of R. Ramsey and 43 others,
citizens of Columbus, Michigan, for the same
object.
By Mr. COOK: A petition of citizens ot
Oswego, Illinois, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Turner Junc-
tion, Illinois, for the compulsory prepayment
of all domestic postages.
Also, a petition of citizens of \\ ill county,
Illinois, for the abolition of the franking priv-
Also, a petition of citizens of Oncona, Illi-
nois, forthe abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of i urner Junc-
tion, Illinois, for the. abolition of the franking
privilege. r .
Also, a uetiiion of citizens oi Jtarlvine, Illi-
nois forthe abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of citizens ol
Lodi, Seneca county, New York, for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens ol W estbury,
New York, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Soutn Sodus,
Wayne county, New York, for the same.
Also, a. petition of citizens ot Clyde, New
York, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens ot Oato, Oayuga
county. New York, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Kidder s i'erry,
N™ York, for the same. , .
Also, a petition of 81 citizens of Scipioville,
Oavuf-a county, New Y'ork, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Lyons, New
York, for the same. _ , ...
Also, a petition of 200 citizens of William-
son, Wayne county, New York, for the im-
provement of Pultneyville harbor.
By Mr. CULLOM : A petition, signed by a
large number of citizens of Sangamon coun y,
Illinois, asking the repeal of the (ranking law.
By Mr. DICKINSON : The petitions of
Henry Lesher and others, of Fremont, Ohio ;
G. R. Gaston and others, of Milan, Erie coun-
ty, Ohio ; Daniel Fralick and others, of Bro-
ken Sword, Crawford county, Ohio; B. P.
Carpenter and others, of New London, Ohio;
J. George Brown and others, of Chatfield,
Crawford county, Ohio; D. W. Gould and
others, of Fostoria, Seneca county, Ohio ; V.
Doller and others, of Put-in Bay, and Andrew
Wehrle and others, of Middle Bass Island,
Ottawa county, Ohio, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. DONLEY: A petition of citizens of
Kerr's station, Washington county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Canonsburg,
Washington county, Pennsylvania, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Allen Brooks and
others, citizens of Beaver county, Pennsyl-
vania, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Water Cure,
Beaver county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. DOX : The petition of J. B. Dickey,
Isaac D. Waun, and 36 others, citizens of Madi-
son county, Alabama, residing near New Hope
post office, in said county, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of James Simpson, An-
drew J. Chenault, and 37 others, citizens living
near Branchville post office, St. Clair county,
Alabama, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of P. A. Brandon and 65
others, citizens of De Ivalb county, Alabama,
living near Saggie Farm post oliice, in said
county, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. DUVAL : The petition of Benjamia
R. Linkous, of Montgomery county, Virginia,
praying to be relieved from political disabilities.
By Mr. ELD RIDGE: Petitions of citizens
of Cascade, Frcdonia, Oak Grove, Calumet,
and Johnsonville, Wisconsin, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Waupun, Wis-
consin, for abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. GETX : The petition of Samuel Derr,
of the city of Reading, Pennsylvania, late a
private in the United States Army, praying for
a pension.
' Also, a petition of 3!) citizens of-Strausfcown,
Berks county. Pennsylvania: praying for the
1 abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 35 citizens of Earlville,
Berks county, Pennsylvania, for the same pur-
pose. . .
By Mr. GOLLADAY: the petition ol sun-
dry citizens of Glasgow, Barren county, Ken-
tucky, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. GRISWOL1):'t he petition of George
N. Bentleyand others, citizens of Greeneville,
Greene county, New York, to abolish the
franking privilege. _
Also, the petition of M. M. Curtis avid others^
citizens of Modena, Ulster county, New York,
to abolish th&franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Edgar Snyder and
others, citizens of Woodstock, Ulster county,
New York, to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. B. Webster and
others, citizens of Cairo, Greene county, New
York, to abolish the franking privilege. _
Also, the petition of Edward Mckenzie, ol
Port Ewen, Ulster county, New York, to abol-
ish the franking privilege. n ,
Also, the petition of Charles C. Lvven and
others, of Walker Valley, Ulster county, New
York, to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Herman Stevens, post-
master, and 103 others, citizens of NaponocK,
Ulster countyj New York, to abolish the irank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of Zei'ah Ferry and others,
citizens of South Cairo, Greene county, New
York, to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of O. L. Newton, post-
master, and others, citizensof West Kill, Greene
county, New York, to abolish the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Elisha Austin, John
Austin, and others, citizens of Grapeville,
Greene county, New York, to abolish the
franking privilege.
By Mr. HAM1LL: The petition of C. Slack
and others, citizensofMountSavage, Maryland,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of P. O. Vanbuskirk, ask-
ing relief from jjolitical disabilities.
Also, the petition of citizens of Altamont,
Maryland, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, petitions of citizens of Union Mills,
Carroll county, Monrovia, Johnsville, VVar-
fieldsburg, Frederick county, Maryland, for the
samo purpose.
By Mr. HAWLEY: The petition of T. J.
Mitchell and 500 others, citizens of Quincy,
Illinois, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Sonora, Illi-
nois, for same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Ferris, Illi-
nois, for same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens ofDenney, Illi-
nois, for same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Curbon Cliff,
for same purpose.
13y Mr. HAY : A petition of the citizens of
Fosterburg, Illinois, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, petitions of the citizens of Hoyleton,
Shiloli Hill, Illinois, and others, citizens of the
same State, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. HILL : A petition of 529 citizens of
Plainfield, New Jersey, and 52 citizens of
Scotch Plains, New Jersey, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of 102 citizens of Catskill,
New York, asking for the same.
By Mr. HOAR: Petitions for the abolition
of the franking privilege from William Upham
and others, of Spencer, Massachusetts; W. R.
Hill and others, of Sutton, Massachusetts ; and
Burrough & Bartlett and others, of North
Oxford, Massachusetts.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Utah: Petitions of
citizens of Morgan City, Utah, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. KELLBY: The memorial of Henry
Elting, paymaster United States Navy, praying
that the accounting officers of the Treasury
Department be authorized to credit him with
the sum of $1,098 51 now charged to him on
the books of the Fourth Auditor.
By Mr. KELLOGG!: The petition of the
American Flask and Cap Company, of Water-
bury, Connecticut, against increase of duty on
steel; also the petition of the Connecticut Cut-
lery Company, ofNaugatuek, against increase
of the same.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Jesse .).
Hungate, 'Thomas L. Collins, and -10 others,
citizens of Washington county, Indiana, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of John Swarens, John
Brown, and 25 others, citizens of Jackson
county, Indiana, praying for the abolition ot
the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial, with accompanying pa-
pers, of James V. Johnson, of Bedford countv,
Virginia, for the removal of political disabili-
ties under the fourteenth amendment oi the
Constitution of the United States. _
Also, the memorial of Moses Pomdexter,
Joseph Ashabranner, and 75 others, citizens
of Clark county, Indiana, praying forthe aboli-
tion of the franking privilege. _
By Mr. KETCH AM : The memorial of J obn
