1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
with so much moderation in November and so
violently rejected in December is resumed in
January. The attitude of those deputations is
almost of supplication to the Red river revolu-
tionists, while the whole situation irresistibly
suggests the duty of the Government of the
United States no longer to remain a cold and
unsympathetic observer of these interesting
events in the new northwest.
Let me ask, is there no other alternative for
the people of northwest British America than
to be cajoled or dragooned into this unnatural
union with Canada? I say " unnatural," for
the face of the continent, the course of trade,
postal relations, the immediate future of rail-
road communications, all point to close com-
mercial relations with Minnesota, Wisconsin,
and Illinois; and if the events of the last
twenty years and all the probabilities of the
next ten years declare and enforce the identity
of commercial interests with Duluth and St.
Paul, with Chicago and St. Louis, rather than
with Toronto, Montreal, and Halifax, why
should not the way be found or made for a
submission to the people of Selkirk whether
they desire to join their political destiny with
the United States or with Canada? We have
had manifold assurances from English states-
men of all party designations that any depend-
ency on remote continents which should author-
itatively manifest a wish to form any other
political association should never be enforced
to remain an English province: and what more
proper occasion could possibly offer for such a
manifestation of English magnanimity than in
the case of the Bed river people? Why should
not the English cabinet say to them, and also
to the inhabitants of British Columbia, "De-
cide for yourselves after the fullest, exhibit by
the Governments at Ottawa and Washington
of the terms and inducements of political
union with which you prefer to cast your for-
tunes?"
We are informed by telegraph that a deputa-
tion from the Bruce-Riel provisional govern-
ment is to be invited to Ottawa, with a view to
a peaceful adjustment of late difficulties, and
that all purpose of coercion is relinquished; a
wise conclusion, however forcible the contrast
with the events of the first week of December.
Bat why should not the situation beyond
Minnesota be recognized here at Washington
as a vital element of a negotiation, not only on
behalf of the people of Central British America
and British Columbia, but of England and
Canada? We may leave the details to diplo-
macy, especially as all are aware that in the
composition of international disputes much is
often effected by implications, which a due
regard to the sensibilities of the parties will
suggest.
Under the resolution which I offer I trust
that the Committee on Foreign Relations will
consider the expediency of a proposition by
this Government to England and Canada that
they shall assent to a public expression by the
inhabitants of the Selkirk or Winnipeg district,
sometimes called Central British America, and
also, if you please, by the inhabitants of British
Columbia, on the question of union with the
Canadian confederation or with the United
States.
Is not such a plebiscitmn the wisest and
shortest course to end the complications which
attend late events in the northwest, and which
may otherwise involve consequences extremely
embarrassing?
Mr. President, I have given many proofs, as
Governor of Minnesota and by my action as a
member of this body of a friendly feeling to-
ward the people of Canada. In the face of a
very considerable pressure I have always advo-
cated close relations of trade with our northern
neighbors. Instead of an unqualified abroga-
tion of the reciprocity treaty I urged a com-
mission to extend that arrangement both terri-
torially and in its scope. I desired its exten-
sion to the Pacific, and its enlargement so as
to include the manufactures of the respective
countries. Feeling that the great necessity of
the West was cheap transportation, I hoped
by extending the Canadian market to receive
in exchange not only the freedom of the St.
Lawrence river, but increased facilities of inter-
course through the Welland and St. Lawrence
canals.
We have been made aware, Mr. President,
that the country failed to appreciate any proper
equivalent in the power and disposition of
Canada to tender for such exceptional legisla-
tion. _ I am forced to admit, and I take this
occasion to repeat to my Canadian friends and
correspondents, that I see no prospect for a
reciprocity treaty, or for the same result by
concurrent legislation, on thebasis of thenego-
tiation of 1854.
The fisheries and the navigation of the St.
Lawrence seem not to be regarded as a sufficient
equivalent by our people. Far otherwise, if
Canada would waive in favor of the United
States the scheme of territorial extension be-
yond Lake Superior. Instead of an ineffectual
struggle to extend the Dominion to the Rocky
mountains, why might not the Canadian min-
istry turn the scale in favor of reciprocity by
the new element of a cession, with the coosent
of the people, of the Winnipeg country ? Thus
fortified, I should feel confidence that we could
advance promptly and effectively to a negotia-
tion which would remove all existing compli-
cations between Great Britain and the United
States, and establish the commercial inter-
course with Canada on satisfactory and per-
manent foundations.
On the 27th of July, 18G8, I urged upon the
attention of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions the terms of such a reciprocal arrange-
ment. I have in the interval not renewed the
matter because no opportunity seemed to offer;
but now, in the presence of the Canadian
embarrassment on Red river, it seems other-
wise. My proposition is that the apparent
defeat in the person of Governor McDougall
shall be made the means for a new negotiation;
and I would invite the Canadian people to
exchange a barren and burdensome possession
beyond longitude ninety degrees, separated
from their Ottawa frontier of settlement by an
impassable wilderness of seven hundred miles,
for a commercial union with the United States,
putting aside all speculation or the prospect of
a closer political connection.
I repeat the conviction expressed by me two
years since, that the transfer of the territory
between Minnesota and,.Alaska to the United
States, accompanied by reasonable indemnity
to the Hudson Bay Company and an arrange-
ment with regard to British Columbia, would
justify all parties in Congress to guaranty a
customs and excise union between the Domin-
ion and the Union, with mutual stipulations
of the freedom of the Atlantic fisheries and
the navigation of the St. Lawrence and its
tributaries.
So much for England and Canada. But,
Mr. President, when I turn to the isolated but
most interesting community which adjoins
Minnesota on the north, and to which the pub-
lic attention is so much directed, the triumph-
ant insurgents of Winnipeg, I confess that my
feelings are deeply moved. Sir, soon after I
assumed my duties as the first territorial Gov-
ernor of Minnesota, when a population which
now exceeds half a million was less than five
thousand, I visited the settlement on the Red
River of the North, five hundred miles from St.
Paul. I had been engaged in the negotiation
of treaties with the Indian tribes of northern
Minnesota—bands of Ojibwas or Chippewas,
and with their mixed blood relatives, and at the
termination of the council determined to sail
down the winding channel of the Red river to
the junction of its principal tributary, the As-
sinaboine, under the stockades of Fort Garry,
which is the heart of the Selkirk settlement.
How vividly I recall the scenes of that rural
and remote community, resembling a picture
of life in Belgium ! Visitors to the lower St.
Lawrence, especially the river front between
Quebec and the falls of Montmorency, Will have
observed the counterpart of the narrow farms
and the cottages for sixty miles along the Red
river from north to south, and westward of Fort
Garry on the Assiuaboine foran equal distance.
Occasionally a more pretentions mansion, with
vines and shrubbery, indicated the residence
of a retired officer of the Hudson Bay Company
or some successful fur-trader or agriculturist;
Every three or four miles the spires of a
church and the surrounding village would be
observed; whilo at the junction of the Assina-
boine stood the walled inclosure of Fort Garry,
and twenty miles north the Lower Stone fort
was also occupied by the warehouses of the
Hudson Bay Company. Of this population,
increased since 1851 to fifteen thousand, one
half are French, the descendants of the early
traders and soldiers of the age of Louis XI v,
who gave the great interior of North America
to the dominion of France, and who led so
gallantly in the recent insurrection-, banding
themselves under religious vows as liberators
of their country; while English, Scotch, and
Americans constitute the remainder of the
population, including a few emigrants from
Canada. Time will not suffer any detailed
enumeration of the observations of this visit
to Selkirk, which have been fully confirmed
by later information. I can only say that the
climate, soil, mineral, and other resources
of Minnesota and Wisconsin under the north-
western trend of isothermal lines extend over
a zone of territory five degrees of latitude in
width by ten of longitude in length to the Rocky
mountains. The Winnipeg basin alone, with
the wide savannahs of the Red river and its
confluents, and the Saskatchewan and the
eastern foot-hills of the Rocky mountains, have
resources only awaiting development by colon-
ization equal to four States of the area of Ohio.
Sir, in the events of the last three months the
Red river people have deserved and received
the sympathies of all liberal minds. The peo-
ple of Minnesota, while acquitting Governor
McDougall and the Canadian people of any
settled purpose of abusing irresponsible power,
have observed with regret and condemnation
the effort to extend unrepublican theories of
government to Central British America. And
in closing these observations I must be allowed
to reproduce and commend to the attention of
the Committee on Foreign Relations the res-
olutions of the Legislature of my State, adopted
as-early as the 6th of March, 1868, and which
are somewhat remarkable in their prognostica-
tion of the present situation, and, as I will hope,
of its sequel. This expression was as follows;
"That we regret to bo informed of a purpose
to transfer the territories between Minnesota and
Alaska to the Dominion of Canada by an order in
council at London, without a voto of the people of
Selkirk and the settlers upon the sources of the
Saskatchewan river, who largely consist of emi-
grants from the United States, and we would re-
BDectfully urgo that the President and Congress of
the 0nitcd States shall represent to the Government
of Great Britain that such action will be an unwar-
rantable interference with the principle of self-gov-
ernment, and cannot be regarded with indifference
by the people of the TJniied States."
During Mr. Ramsey's remarks, at one
o'clock,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota will please suspend. The morning
hour having expired, the currency bill is before
the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I shall be through in a rew
moments.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator from
Minnesota will be allowed to conclude his
The vice PRESIDENT. , Does the Senator
from Connecticut, who is entitled to the floor,
yield for that purpose?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Yes, sir. _
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the unfinished business will
be passed over informally until the Senator
from Minnesota shall have concluded his
speech.
