1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
935
The bill which I have introduced for the
consideration of the Senate does not propose
either of these extremes, nor will it be a remedy
for all the evils which I have enumerated. It
will not of necessity make men honest, nor
prevent speculation, nor preserve business men
from errors and mistakes, nor of necessity
secure an immediate resumption of specie pay-
ments ; but if it shall become a law I believe it
will have an important bearing upon all these
points.
The system of banking established by the
General Government has been of great import-
ance during our recent embarrassments, and
will be equally valuableafterspecieresumption. |
Itis not, however, perfect; for no system could ■
be devised and set in operation that would at I
onee meet every contingency that might arise i
under the varied commercial relations of this j
people, unless planned by more than human i
wisdom. Our experience shows the importance j
of some amendment or addition to the act by !
which it shall be adapted to our present con- i
dition and wants.
But before we shall be able to secure all the
benefits which may be derived from the system,
it will be necessary to correct certain errors
which surround every financial measure which
has recently been presented for the consider-
ation of the Senate.
The first error consists in the idea that the
country requires an amount of currency that
can be determined by the wisdom of Senators.
The second error is found in the opinion that
each section of the country is entitled to a defi-
nite proportion of currency which can be de-
termined and apportioned by statute law.
The third error consists in the belief that we
can make an equitable distribution of currency
based upon population and upon the resources
and business of the country as ascertained by
the census.
Soon after I entered this Senate, in March
last, a bill was introduced to provide for a re-
distribution of bank currency. For a time it
excited a good deal of interest and an earnest
debate. The bill was based upon the error
that the amount of bank circulation must be
limited in dollars, and that each section of the
country was entitled to a proportion of bank-
ing capital and of circulating notes that could
be defined by law. That some sections of the
country were by the law deprived of a definite
proportion, was in the opinion of some honor-
able Senators unjust, while an act that would
take from banking associations already organ-
ized a part of the currency which they had
obtained upon the implied faith of the Govern-
ment, would in the opinion of other Senators be ,
unjust. Here was a difference ot opinion ; adif- |
ference in the judgment of Senators as wideas j
that between right and wrong, between justice i
and oppression. . j
Now, so longas the banking act shall remain i
as it is, there will be the same earnest contest |
for a preventive or a remedy for such supposed
wrong; because in the very nature of things
it is impossible for any man or for any body ot
men, even if they are as wise as Senators, to
determine how a given amount of currency can
be equitably divided among the people ot tms
nation. . , , , ,
The bill which was introduced by the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, and which is now
under consideration, recognizes this erroneous
principle. I do not know but I shall vote for
ft. I would not if it was a new measure : but
as it does not propose to increase the currency,
and is in harmony with our present law 1
may be influenced to vote for it. But 1 do
not believe in any such'basis for• distribution
as is proposed. I do not oelieve that a
man because he is a man, or that any
of men because they are men, have a right to
a definite proportion of bank currency,
do 1 believe that a territory which °0l\slf s°f
acres, or in men, women, and children, s for
such reasons entitled to any propor i ,
note circulation that can be defined either by
statute law or by the discretion of the Comp-
troller of the Currency. Bnt suppose it were
possible to define the amount of currency that
is needed, and to make a distribution that
would in every respect be adjusted to the pop-
ulation, the wealth, and the business of the
different sections, how long would it remain
an equitable distribution? Not a month. The
constant migration of our enterprising people;
the constant transfer of capital, and the new
business enterprises which are daily springing
into life in all parts of the country would put
your whole machinery ont of gear in a day,
and a new distribution would be demanded.
What, then, shall we do? I answer, enact a
law that will furnish a currency for those sec-
tions of the country which, in language often
used on this floor, have not their proportion,
and which at the same time will not deprive
j other sections of the country of-currency which
| they have obtained in good faith. This is one
! of the chief objects which I seek to obtain. It
, can be accomplished by discarding the error
! which clamors for a definite amount of cur-
rency, and by adopting a system that will fur-
nish a supply in accordance with the demands
ofasoundbusiness. Wemustopenthebanking
act so that men of all classes, engaged in every
variety of business, and located in every section
of our country, may engage in banking by com-
plyingwith properconditions. An objection to
this liberality at once arises in the minds of many
on the ground that the privilege of circulating
monev is a franchise of too great value to be
so freely granted. True, it is a high privilege,
which belongs to the sovereign, and should be
granted only when the grant would be for the
benefit of the sovereign ; but under our Gov-
ernment sovereignty is not lodged in a person
nor in an association of persons, but in the
whole people, and when their will is crystal-
lized into the form of a law which expresses
their purposes as one body that law is the will
of the sovereign. If such a law authorizes the
circulation of currency under wise restrictions
the franchise may bo granted for their benefit.
But will not this freedom in banking furnish
too much currency, so that it will depreciate?
It may. There is too much now. The national
currency is the greatest obstacle of all in the
way of specie resumption. But if you will
retire the national currency, and compel the
banks to redeem as the law proposes, the
amount of ban'i issues will be adjusted accord-
ing to their ability to redeem on the one hand
and to the demands of trade onthe olher.^ By_
retiring national currency, and placing the
banks under obligation to hold coin, as the act
contemplates, you turn the faces of all toward
resumption. Suppose the time shall come, and
it should come soon, that you enforce the pen-
alty for non-payment, and close delinquent
banks, what will be the consequences t Banks
will issue no more currency than they believe
they can meet whenever it shall be presented
for redemption. , ,
Let me illustrate this position. Suppose a
banking association is organized ^ located
in Kansas with a capital of $1,000,000. it
may have $500,000 in bonds with the Ireas-
urer, and $450,000 in bills for circulation. So
lone as these bills lie m the bank the associa-
tion is receiving interest on their bond?" But
this interest is not large enough to satisfy the
stockholders and they are anxious to loan their
currency. When will it be safe and profitable
t0 iTnswer? suppose at the time of harvest you
apply to the baPnl for a loan of $50,000 .n cur-
rency. The officer inquires what you propose
to do with the money and when you will pay
the loan. You advise him that you want to
buy wheat of the farmers in Kansas and Iowa ,
tbat you propose to send it to Chicago, an
sell it as soon as it shall arrive and the market
will justify. The time of payment being under-
stood, the next inquiry which arises in the
mind of the bank officer is this: how long
will the farmers retain the money ; and wilt it
reach Chicago, the place of redemption, be-
fore the note shall mature and be paid ? If
not, the $50,000 can be safely loaned ; a part
of the crop can be' sent to market and gold,
and the currency can be redeemed. The loan
would prove safe and profitable for the bank,
would be in accordance with the demauds of
a legitimate business, and would benefit many
and injure none. If $50,000 can be used in
that way, so can $450,000, the entire currency
of the bank. And in lrke manner, under a free,
elastic system of banking, bank circulation can
be used to move the heaviest productions of
any and every section of the country.
The bill which the Secretary read provides
that no banking association shall be organized
hereafter with a capital of less than $200,000,
and that they shall not receive from the Comp-
troller of the Currency circulating notes to an
amount that will require the investment of
more than one half of that capital in bonds.
This amount of capital may be too large for
some places. If so, the amount may be made
less without changing the principles of the
bill. The hill also requires banks which now
have more than forty-five per cent, of their
capital in currency to retire so much of it as
will release one half of their capital for other
purposes. This provision may not be for the
interest of all associations now organized, and
may not be in accordance with the wishes and
interest of many of my immediate constitu-
ents, but I have confidence that they will acqui-
esce in any measures that will give stability to
banking and redemption to billholders. This
is the object of this provision.
If ail the capital of a bank is invested in
bonds the only means which it will have to
redeem its notes are to be found in deposits and
in the obligations of those who have loaned
the circulation. But the deposits are liable to
be drawn at any moment ana cannot be relied
upon. The debtor, too, having made his loan
on time may not be under obligation to pay as
soon as redemption is demanded. In either
case the bank is crippled and its notes may go
to protest. So it may bo if these provisions
shall become law.
Butthis will not be so likely to occur; because
if a bank shall loan currency amounting only
to forty-five per cent, of its capital, and has m
addition fifty per cent, of its capital in busi-
ness paper, it will have ninety-five dollars due
from, creditors for every forty-five in circula-
tion. The percentage of indebtedness upon
which. a bank mUst to a great extent rely for
t&e redemption of its notes will in the' one
case be as ninety-five to forty-five and in the
other as fifty to forty five. While there is no
specie redemption this provision may be of
little importance; but when specie payment#
are resumed and business is active it will be
impossible for a bank having ninety per cent,
of its capital in circulation to redeem its notes
as they will be presented. Public interests
demand at our hands some such safeguard as
this. ' But equal security can be furnished by
allowing banks that now have an excess of
circulation to increase their capital, and this
may be the better way.
The second important object which all have
in view is to improve public credit, lhia 13
essential to onr highest prosperity. But there
can be no material improvement in public
credit so long as the Government continues
to pay bonds not yet matured and leaves un-
paid obligations already due ; nor so long as it
depreciates its own obligations by purchasing
them at a discount. The policy now pursued
by the Government in this particular is a mis-
taken policy. Every obligation which the
Government pays should be paid in coin, dol
lar for dollar. But instead of this it is pur-
chasing its obligations at about ninety-favo
Ceitknowwhat it is to be embarrassed, to be
unable to meet pecuniary obligations as they
matured, and I know that if instead of meet
ing those debts which were first due I had first
