1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
what should be done, by the first measure of
legislation on our finances adopted by the
present Congress. It is incomplete. I wish I
could stop there, but I am obliged to go further;
and say that it is not only incomplete, butit is
in certainly one of its features to which I shall
call attention mischievous. I take advantage
of this moment to present this point, because
it has not been mentioned before, and because
at a later stage I may not have the opportunity
of doing so. It is this provision at the end of
the section:
" Bat a new apportionment shall be made as soon
as practicable, based upon the census of 1870."
At the proper time I shall move to strike
out thesG words, and I will now very briefly
assign my reasons.
The proposition is objectionable, first, be-
cause it is mischievous, and secondly, because
it is difficult if not impracticable in its opera-
tion. It is mischievous in this respect; and
if I can have the attention of the Senate, unless
figures deceive me and unless facts are at fault,
1 think that the Senate must agree in my own
conclusion.
We are told by the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency that $45,000,000 is a large allowance of
currency at this moment for the South and
"West. Indeed, I believe he puts the limit at
$40,000,000. Now, suppose only $40,000,000
are taken up during the coming year, that is,
till the completion of the census; that would
leave $5,000,000 still outstanding, which might
be employed for the benefit of the South and
West. That circumstance indicates to a certain
extent the financial condition of those parts
of the country. Do they need larger facilities,
and if so, to what extent? Can you determine
in advance? I doubt it. But, sir, in the face
of this uncertainty, this bill steps in and de-
clares positively that "a new apportionment
shall be made as soon as practicable, based
upon the census of 1870." . What will be the
elfect of such a new apportionment ? Even
according to the census of 1860, such new ap-
portionment would transfer some $60,000,000
from banks that enjoy it to other parts of the
country ; it would take away from those banks
what they want and transfer it where it is not
wanted. The language is imperative. But,
sir, it is not to be under the census of 1860, but
under the census of 1870 ; and unless figures
deceive, by that census the empire of the great
"West will be more than ever manifest.. And
if the transfer is made accordingly, it will take
some ninety or one hundred million dollars
from where it now is, and is needed, and carry
it to other places where certainly it will not be
needed in the same degree. What will be the
effect of such a transfer ?
Mark, sir, the statute is mandatory and uncon-
ditional. There is no chance for discretion; it
is to be done; the transfer is to be made. And
now, what must be theconsequence? Arrange-
ment of business which it is difficult to imagine,
a contraction of currency instantaneous and
spasmodic to the amount of these large sums
that I have indicated.
I do not shrink from contraction, i am
readv to say to the people of Massachusetts,
" If the Senate will adopt any policy ol con-
traction that is healthy, well-considered, and
with proper conditions, I would recommend us
acceptance; " but a contraction like that pro-
posed by this bill, which arbitrarily takes from
North and East this vast amount and transfers
it to another part of the country, where it may
not be needed, such a contraction I oppose as
mischievous. I see no good in it. .Iseef' d,is;
turbance of all the channels of business, and i
see a contraction which must be its elf ""finitely
detrimental to the financial interests ot the
^BuUhen, sir, have you considered whether
vou can do it? Is.it practicable? 1 J je
shown that it is mischievous; is it pract. cable ?
Can you take this large amount of cur^n°y
from one part of tne countiy .in _on+i,e
to another ? Have you ever reflected upon the
history of the bank note after it has com-
menced its travels when it has once left the
maternal bank ? It goes you know not where.
I have been informed by bank officers, and by
those most familiar with such things, that a
bank note when once issued very rarely re-
turns home. I have been assured that it is
hardly ever seen again. The banks, indeed,
may go into liquidation, but their notes are
still current. The maternal bank may be
moldering in the earth, but these its children
are moving about, performing the work of
circulation. "Why? The credit of the nation
is behind them, and everybody knows when
he takes one of them that he is safe. Therefore,
I ask, how can the proposed requirements be
carried into execution; how can you bring
back these runaways when once in circulation
on their perpetual travels ?
There is but one way, and that is by the
return to specie payments. Hold up before
them coin, and they will all come running back
to the original bank; but until then they will
continue abroad. The proposed requirement
seems to go on the idea that bank notes, like
cows, return from pasture at night; whereas
we all know that until specie payments they are
more like the wild cattle of the prairies and the
pampas; you cannotfind them; they are every-,
where. Surely I am not wrong when I suggest
that the proposed requirement is impracticable
as well as mischievous; and at the proper time
I shall move to strike it out.
In bringing forward the proposition that I
have moved, allow me to say that I had three
different objects in view. The first was to
extend the banking facilities of our country ;
and this is the object directly proposed by the
pending bill. Another object which has been
near my heart for a long time was to do some-
thing for specie payments, believing that no
measure of finance should be considered in this
Chamber without bearing this great object in
view. And then I had a third purpose in view,
to initiate a policy which should end in the
diminution of our taxes.
Here are three objects: the extension of
banking facilities, the establishment ot specie
payments, and the diminution, of taxes. Are
these not three worthy of consideration? Can
you criticise either of them? Is there a Sen-
ator who will say that he does not give to each
his most anxious desires? Here we are all
agreed; we all wish to do what we can to sup-
ply proper banking facilities, to bring about
specie payments, to mitigate, taxation. . Sir, to
what extent are these three ends accomplished
by the pending bill? Very little. Obviously
the bill is temporary, ephemeral, probationary,
tentative in its character. It is not in itself a
system. It does not meet the whole case, and
it docs little—I might almost say nothing
toward specie payments.
This is not the first time that I have urged
this policy upon the Senate, and pardon me
if I allude to myself; I should not do it except
for remarks that fell from the Senator from
it Ohio. [Mr. Sherman,] the chairman ot the
ij committee, the other day. I think he under-
j took to chide me for interfering on this occa-
sion. He certainly criticised me, and 1 do not
know that he did not sneer at my efforts.
Now, sir, as long ago as December, 1868,
I had the honor of introducing into this Cham-
ber a bill which I have before me, entitled A
bill for the resumption of specie payments on
the 4th of July, 1809.'' That is the 4th of July
last past; and I am willing to say, now that the
time has passed, that it is my perfect convic-
tion, that with the proper exercise of will aud
judgment on the part ot Congress, this beneficent
measure might at that date have been happily
consummated. I do not doubt it. Congress was
not ripe forthe measure. It failed. At the open-
ing of the present session, just one year from the
other bill, December 7, 1869, I had lie honor
of introducing another measure entitled A
bill to amend the banking act and to promote
! the return to specie payments; ' and here you
will find the very provision now pending as an
amendment moved by me.
This was followed shortly afterward, January
12, 1870, by "A bill to authorize the refund-
ing and consolidation of the national debt, to
extend banking facilities, and to establish spe-
cie payments." To this bill reference has been
made in this debate. 1 will not now undertake
to discuss it. I will, not venture to take your
time. I simply call your attention to it in the
series of efforts which I have ventured to make,
all bearing upon one result, and I do it ia
answer to the impeachment of me by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. .
Nor is this all, sir. While at home during
the last recess, in addressing a convention of
my constituents at Worcester, September 22,
1869, I put forth the very proposition which is
embodied in the amendment, using on that
occasion the following language:
" Among the practical agencies to wliioh the coun-
try owes much already are the national batiks. What-
ever may be the differences of opinion with regard
to them, they cannot fail to bo taken into account
in all financial discussions. As they have done good
whore they are now established, I would gladly soo
them extended, especially at the South and West,
where they are much needed, and where abundant
crops already supply the capital. It is doubtful if
this can be brought about without removing tho
currency limitation in tho existing bank act. In
this ovont I should like tho condition that for every
now bank note issued agreonback should be can-
celed, thus substituting tho bank note for the
greenback. In this way greenbacks would bo
reduced in volume, while currency is supplied by
the banks. Such a diminution of tho national paper
would bo an important stage toward specie pay-
ments, while tho national banks in the houth and
West, founded on tho bonds of tho United btates,
would be a now security for tho national credit.
"In making this suggestion, I would not lorget
the necessity of specio payments at the earliest
possible moment; nor can 1 forbear to declare my
unalterable conviotion that by proper exertion this
supremo object may bo accomplished promptly, al-
ways provided tho national credit is kept above sus-
picion, or like tho good knight, without lea-r and
without rcproach,''
In these remarks are foreshadowed the
amendment which I have now moved. This
amendment has been under discussion for sev-
eral days. Itjias had the valuable support of
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chandleb,]
who brings to financial questions practical
experience. It has been opposed by other
Senators, and with considerable ardor by my
excellent friend from Indiana, [Mr. Monflws. J
On Thursday last the Senator from Indiana,
addressing himself to me, and inviting a reply
which I was then prevented from making, took
issue with me directly upon the position I
have assumed, that the withdrawal of legal-
tender notes would materially assist the effort
for specie payments.; and he further declared
that the two currencies of bank notes and Uni-
ted States notes were kept together because
one was redeemable with the other. I do not
quote hisprecise words, but I give the sub-
stance. .
Under the policy we are now pursuing, it
seems to me that with $356,000,000 of legal-
tender notes in circulation the Government will
not for many years, if ever again, pay specie.
With thatamount of United States notes, under
the actual policy the bank currency will forever
remain inconvertible, and the correctness ot
these positions I will endeavor briefly to de-
monstrate.
A convertible currency is nothing more nor
less than the servant of coin. It there is no
coin it can neither be servant nor representative,
though it may attempt to perform the functions
of coin. Presenting itself under false pretenses,
it but partially succeeds in this attempt, and the
discredit attaching to it compels it to pay. more
for any property than would be the price of
such property in coin, or the acknowledged
representative of coin ; just as doub tful people
must submit to ten, fifteen, or twenty per cent
discount, when what is known as gilt-edged
commercial paper is discounted at live, six, or
seven per cent. Thus far we have had no com
i in the Treasury appropriated to the stability of
[ the United States notes; and under our pres-
