938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
ent policy, dictated by the restrictive laws that
hedge the Secretary of the Treasury, and con-
iine his liberty of action, we never shall have
until the whole bonded debt of the country is
extinguished ; while at the same time the banks
are excused under the law from all attempts
to fortify their notes with-doin.
And what is it. that successfully discourages
us from direct steps toward specie payments?
In the first place, it is the mistrust of the
people in our ability to resume, and maintain
resumption. In the next place, the monthly
publication of the Treasury discloses precisely
our weakness as well as our strength ; and the
great element of our weakness is the volume
of our past due and demand obligations. In
ordinary times, that is when the people have
confidence in the ability of the banks to redeem
their demand obligations in coin, a reserve of
twenty to twenty-five per cent, in coin is more
than sufficient to meet any probable demand
that may be made. Let mistrust arise in rela-
tion to the solvency of any bank or of the sys-
tem of banks, and the reserve of twenty-five
per cent, will vanish as the dew before the sun,
and the individual bank or all the banks must
close their doors to all demands for specie.
In our present legislation we encounter this
mistrust widespread among the people, and so
long as we ourselves exhibit so great timidity
in our attempts at legislation upon this subject,
just so long do we minister to and strengthen
this mistrust.
The amount of demand obligations which
the Treasury must be prepared to meet upon a
moment's notice, including three per cent, cer-
tificates and fractional currency, is more than
four hundred and fifty million dollars. With
the existing mistrust, measured by the pre-
mium on gold, a reserve of twenty-five per cent,
of coin in the Treasury appropriated to these
demands would be totally insufficient. This
reserve^ must bear proportion to the aggregate
of liabilities so large as to remove mistrust,
and this can be accomplished only by present-
ing as in the vaults of the Treasury an amount
of com nearly equal to the sum of liabilities.
If during the last three years we had retained
the surplus of coin that has reached the Treas-
ury we should now have enough ; but as a con-
sequence of such accumulation speculation
would have run riot, and I fear if we should
now hy legislative enactment decree that course
for the future we should aggravate the situa-
tion. j
What, then, is left for us to do ? What but
to lessen our liabilities, which as the laws i
now stand must remain the same to-morrow !
ns to-day, and one, two, or five years hence j
immutably as now. I
Difficulties beset the contraction of those I
liabilities, as there are difficulties that impedo !
the accumulation of coin in sufficient amount !
to meet our purpose; but the former may be [
neutralized, if not removed, by judicious com- i
pensations that will not in any serious degree l
retard the object for which I would legislate. '
_ Sound financial authorities unite in declar- j
ing that if the Government resumes specie I
payments the banks of New York can resume ; '
and when the banks of New York resume the !
whole country can resume. Evidently, then, j
our care is the Government. J
And what is the first step ? To my mind we 1
must lessen the demand obligations of the 1
Government, while the Secretary of the Treas- !
pry at the same time strengthens the reserves !
>n the national vaults. Neither should be done j
suddenly nor violently, but graduallv, judi-
ciously, and wisely. As the statutes no"wstand !
the obligations cannot be reduced. With the
present volume of obligations the laws of
trade prevent the Secretary of the Treasury
from sufficiently strengthening his reserves.
It therefore devolves upon the national Legis-
lature to take the initiative in the effort to
resume specie payments.
The difficulties that impede the reduction of
the national liabilities lie in the fact that such
obligations are a part, and a large part, of the
currency of the country. To withdraw that cur-
rency without giving a substitute is to create
stringency,burden trade, and invite chaos; at
least so it seems. These obligations so far as
they relate to the currency are larger in amount
than those of the national banks combined;
and furthermore, they are the head and front
of all. They are so large as to be beyond the
point of manageability, and I would therefore
reduce them within control. It is their vol-
ume that puts them beyond control, and it is our
want of control that causes them to be depre-
ciated. Thus, sir, I would offerinducementsto
fund them, or partofthem, into bondsthat would
be sought after because of their valuable uses
beyond a mere investment, and to neutralize
the evils of contraction of Treasury liabilities
by authorizing their assumption, with the con-
sent of the people, by various parties in differ-
ent sections of the country, each one of whom
would be fully equal to the task thus voluntarily
assumed. ^ I would issue a bank note for every
dollar of Treasury obligation canceled; but I
would issue no bank note that did not absorb
an equal obligation of the Treasury. By this
distribution of a portion of demand obligations
you restore to the Government the full ability
to meet the remainder ; and at the same time
the people know that so far as the currency
goes, and it is of this only we are treating,
every promise of any bank has its ultimate
recourse in the Treasury of the United States.
The absorption of one hundred and fifty
or two hundred millions cannot fail to en-
hance the remaining legal tender nearly if
not quite to par with gold. The volume of
currency in the channels of trade and in the
hands of the people will be about the same as
now. The aggregate of United States notes
and national bank notes outstanding will be
precisely the same. Therefore, the indirect con-
traction so much dwelt upon will scarcely be
felt. The volume of greenbacks will be ample
for the reserves of tne bank, and their growing
I scarcity will cause them to become more and
morevaluable; and as they approach the stand-
ard of gold so will they sustain with golden
support the bank notes into which they are
convertible.
The demand by the people for legal tender
will not be appreciably increased, as the bank
note is receivable by the Government for all
dues except customs, and those demands are
necessarily localized. While the growing scar-
city of greenbacks, because of their replace-
ment by the bank note, fulfilling all the require-
ments of general trade will not be noticed by
the people, the banks will take heed lest they
fall and at an early day begin to strengthen
themselves. _ Legal-tender reserves they must
have, and with the honest eyes of our Secre-
tary of the Treasury to detect any deficiency
they will begin their strengthening policy at
once. Instead of putting gold received as
interest forthwith on the market for sale they ]
will put it snugly away in. their vaults. The i
gold which comes to them in the course of >
banking operations will be added thereto,
and almost imperceptibly the country banks
will arrive at the condition of the city banks,
whose reserves in coin and legal-tender notes
are now far beyond the requirements of law.
In the mean time, and without derangement
of business, the Treasury may strengthen its
reserves, while, on the other hand, the quiet
reduction of its liabilities advances the per-
centage of the reserve to the whole amount
of^ liabilities in almost a compound ratio.
With this strengthening of the condition of the
Treasury made manifest to all the world by its
monthly publications, the mistrust of thepeople
will be gradually but surely dissipated, and as
surely be replaced by confidence that all de-
mand obligations will be redeemed at an
early day; a confidence as widespread and
deep-seated as is that now prevailing in relation
to our bonded debt, that it will be paid accord-
ing to the spirit as well as letter of the law.
It will thus be seen that just in proportion
to the strengthening of the legal tender do we
strengthen the bank note. Strike out of exist-
once in a single day the legal-tender notes, and
I fear that the bank note would for a time fall
in comparative value; so would everything else.
But 1 advocate no such violent measure.
The Senator from Indiana in his remarks
appeared to forget that we have in the country
two or three hundred millions of another legal
tender—being coin—now displaced, of which
no legitimate use is made in connection with
the currency; that should reassume its proper
position in the paper circulation of the coun-
try. Here are two or three hundred millions
of money now by force of law demonetized
which I would have relieved of its disabilities.
I would change the relation of master it now
occupies to that of servant, where it properly
belongs, and I would inflate the currency with
it to the extent that we possess it. Inflation by
coin is simply specie payment, or very near it.
I have endeavored, Mr. President, thus
briefly to respond to the questions propounded
to me. I do not know that I have entered
sufficiently into detail to explain clearly my
convictions as to the necessity for reducing the
volume of legal-tender obligations, and to
prove, as I desire to prove, that their gradual
withdrawal will enhance not only the value of
the remainder, but also enhance the value of
the bank note. Both will ascend in the scale.
This enhancement of the whole paper currency
will tend to draw the coin of the country from
its seclusion. As in the early period of the war
before the present currency was created we
were astonished at the positive but hidden
money resources of the people, so will the out-
flow of hidden coin confound the calculations
of those who suppose that its volume is to be
measured by the aipount in the Treasury and
in the New York banks.
Mr. President, I am not alone in asking for
the reformation of our currency, as the first
stage of our financial efforts. I read from the
Commercial and Financial Chronicle of New
York, an authoritative paper on this subject,
i as follows:
"In any practical scheme to improve the Govern-
ment finances and credit, or to restore prosperous
activities, or both at once, the first thins to be done
must be the restoration of a sound currency. That
done or provided for. al! the rest will be easy: tho
best credit and the lowest rates of interest will
follow."
To this end our greenbacks must be absorbed
or paid, and my proposition provides a way.
As the greenbacks are withdrawn coin will
reappear to take their place in the banks and
the business of the country. This will be SDecie
payments.
Here I wish to remark that I fail to see the
asserted dependence of our demand notes on
our bonds. The bonds may be at par without
bringing the notes to par, and so the notes may
be at par without bringing the bonds to par.
According to the experience of other countries
bonds and notes do not materially affect each
other. The two travel on parallel lines with-
out touching. Bach must be provided for ;
and my present purpose is to provide for the
demand notes.
There is strong reason why this is the very
moment for this effort. According to statis-
tical ^ tables now before me, our exports are
tending to an equality with our imports. Dur-
ing thefive months of J uly, August, September,
October, and November, 1869, there has been
a nominal balance in our favor of $2,738,614,
whereas during the same months of last, year
there was an adverse balance of $32,167,223.
Hie movement ot specie is equally advan-
tageous.
Mr. MOIiTON. Will the Senator allow me
to inquire whether in that table of exports and
imports, showing a nominal balance in our
fevor, the^exportation of our bonds is included ?
Air. SUMNEli. I do not think that it is.
1 v:ll'hand the paper to the Senator. I was
observing that the movement of specie is
