940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
that they were clearing-houses no evil conse-
quences would follow.
Another objection made by the Senator is,
that business cannot be conducted by these
banks with twenty-five per cent, of coin in their
vaults, and he gravely argues that it will be
necessary for such a bank to have a dollar of
coin in its vaults for every dollar of paper in
circulation. Sir,- before the war the banking
business was conducted on such a basis as is
proposed in this bill, and there never has been
a time and there never will be when banking
will be conducted upon the basis of holding
one dollar in coin in the vaults of the banks
1'or one dollar of paper in circulation.
The Senator seems to assume in his argu-
ment that the only security for the billholder
is the twenty-five per cent, of coin in the vaults
of the baults, and he leaves out of view entirely
the fact that these bills are also secured by
United States bonds, and it is that security
which will give to these bills their circulating
value. Every man who has such a bill in his
hands will know that he may not only call for
the twenty-five per cent, of coin which the
bank is compelled to hold, but that there are
bonds enough deposited with the Treasurer of
the United States to redeem every dollar of the
notes of the bank in circulation with gold, so
that the notes are all secured by gold or its
equivalent.
I cannot see, and I have given this subject
some attention, why these bills may not be
of use in the circulation of the country.
Now there are thirty or forty million dollars
gold notes in circulation in the United States
used for monetary purposes, and there is no
reason in the world why the bills ofthese banks,
payable in coin upon presentation, may not be
used for precisely the same purposes for which
the coin certificates of the United States are
now used. Does not the fact that these coin
certificates are used indicate a necessity in the
country for a system of banking like that pro-
posed in this bill? Suppose a man wants to
use $1,000 in gold and has a coin note to that
amount, may he not use it for all purposes for
which gold can be used ? Is it not altogether
more convenient for use than the gold would
be, and will it not therefore be preferred
under any and all circumstances ?
And I do not see how it will happen that
there would be runs upon these banks, which
the Senator seems to apprehend. What should
cause a run on one of these banks? Can the
Senator suggest any reason why there should
be a run on one of these banks when a gold
note secured in the manner provided for in this
bill may be used for all the purposes for which
that amount of coin can he used ? Suppose a
man wants to pay $100,000 in gold ; he pur-
chases $100,000 of these bills; he pays the
debt that he owes in gold with these bills ; the
man to whom they are paid pays them out in
the transactions of his business, and so they
circulate from hand to hand and perform the
office of money precisely as the coin certificates
do now in the city of New York.
Mr. MORTON. Suppose he wants to use
them in the custom-house; what then ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know of no reason why
they may not be used in the custom-house.
Mr. MORTON. The law does not allow it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not so sure that the
law does not allow it. Are not the custom
duties paid with coin certificates now? Are
they not used for that purpose in the city of
New York?
Mf. MORTON. Not notes of banks.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No matter whether of
bankii or not. If a thousand dollar coin note
is paid to the collector of customs in the city
of New York he pays that over to the Assistant
Treasurer, and the Assistant Treasurer pays
it away to discharge such obligations as are
due from him in coin, and so, as I under-
stand-, these coin certificates are used at this
time.
Mr. HOWE. Does the Senator from Ore-
gon understand that the coin notes provided
for in this bill will be used in the same way?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not say that they
will be used for the same purpose, but I say
I can see no reason why they may not be used
for the same purpose so long as they are re-
deemable upon presentation like the coin cer-
tificates. Whether they will be so used or not
I am not now, of course, able to say, because
there are no such notes in circulation. But
even if they were not used for customs duties,
I should like to inquire of the Senator from
Indiana if there is any danger of any run on
these banks for the purpose of paying customs
duties? The gold speculations in New York
grow out of the purchase and sale of gold in
the gold market, and not out of the legitimate
transactions ofbusinese. Whenever that sys-
tem of speculation ceases, whenever the cur-
rency is brought back to itspar value in gold
and this system of speculation ceases in New
York, then there will be no daDger in the cir-
culation of these bills, and there will generally
be no reason for a run upon these banks.
But the argument of the Senator, if it proves
anything, proves that there never ought to be
and never can be any resumption of specie
payments in this country. When will the time
ever come that the banks of the country may
not be subject to a run for coin? Have they
not always been so from the beginning of the
Government down to this time? It always will
be so ; and if there be a panic in Europe, an
excitement there by which the price of coin is
enhanced, the banks of the country, even after
the resumption of specie payments, will be
subjected to this liability. That is one of the
contingencies against which it is impossible to
provide by any system of banking. When you
assume that banking upon a specie basis must
be so conducted as to avoid any danger of this
kind you assume that there never can be any
banking of that description in the United
States. The argument, if it proves anything,
proves that there can be no resumption of
specie payments by the banks; for anybody
holding the notes of a bank paying in coin may
make a run upon the bank. Something may
occur in Europe or in the United States by
which the price of gold may be enhanced, and
there may be a consequent panic and run upon
the bank; but that is unavoidable, and there
is no more danger that I can see in banking
under this bill than there would be under any
other bill that might be passed providing for
banking upon a specie basis.
Objection has been made to this bill because
it was supposed that it might accommodate the
people of the Pacific States, and the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] indicated his
opposition to the bill on the ground that the
people of that region of the country had been
unfriendly to the credit of the United States.
I think this objection comes with a poor grace
from those who have contended upon the floor
of the Senate from the beginning that the
States only relinquished their local circulation
because they were compelled to do so by the
coercive power of the Government. It has
been averred here that New England had a
State-bank system with which she was content
and which she was forced to relinquish. The
same has been said of the State of New York;
and I doubt very much whether in the State
of Indiana there would not have been to-day a
State-bank system in full operation, the people
adhering to their local currency, if it had not
been for the taxation of the General Govern-
ment, which compelled the people of that
State to give up their State banks and adopt
! the national circulation.
The people of the Pacific coast had a coin, cir-
culation at the time this currency was brought
into existence. The Senator from Indiana
knows very well that it is altogether more diffi-
cult to pass from a coin currency to a paper
currency than it is to pass from one kind of
paper currency to another kind of paper cur-
rency. The entire circulation of the Pacific
coast consisted of gold and silver, and it would
have been exceedingly difficult if not disastrous
for the people of that region of country to under-
take to drive out that circulation and substitute
therefor a depreciated and irredeemable paper.
It is claimed here that the most desirable of
all things is a resumption of specie payments ;
and yet the people of the Pacific eoast are cen-
sured because they did adhere to specie pay-
ments, to a coin circulation, that which is
most desirable of all things. It is admitted that
on this side of the Rocky mountains the people
only abandoned that system beeause they were
compelled to do so by the power of the Gov-
ernment. That power could not be exercised
upon the Pacific coast, and therefore the peo-
ple there, like the people here, preferred their
local circulation and adhered to it. I Jo not
think they ought to be censured for that, and
I do not think any attempt should be made to
excite any local prejudice against those people
because it may be supposed that this bill will
accommodate them with banking facilities.
Now, sir, I undertake to say that the course
pursued by the people of the Pacific coast has
been an advantage and not an injury to the
people of the United States. Suppose they
had adopted the national currency, how much
coin would there now have been in this coun-
try with which to resume specie payments ?
Sir, if it had not been for the gold and silver
which the Pacific States and Territories have
furnished this country your national bank notes
would be worth little more than the cost of the
lampblack and rags out of which they are
made. Instead of doing an injury to the coun-
try they have circulated coin and kept it in the
country, and now it can be used to aid in the
resumption of specic payments.
I think the provisions of this bill will be of
advantage to the people of that coast, and I
think it is proper enough for Congress to accom-
modate afl sections of the country. Sir, the
Senator from Indiana stands here from day to
day and argues in favor of despoiling New
England of its circulation to provide for the
South, a region of country that was in rebellion
against this Government. He proposes to pro-
vide to accommodate that section of the coun-
try, but whenever there is anything in the bill
that looks like accommodating the people of
the Pacific coast he objects, because they were
unfriendly to the credit of the Government. It
seems to me that if we are to legislate specially
for the benefit of any particular section, par-
ticularly for the southern States—and I do not
object to that, but on the contrary am willing
and anxious to assist them—we may with great
propriety incorporate provisions in the bill that
shall also accommodate the people of the Pa-
cific coast.
Somebody has suggested, and I see an article
in a morning newspaper to the same effect, that
the people of the Pacific coast are foreigners
financially to the country, and therefore there
ought not to be any legislation to accommodate
them. The only accommodation that the people
there will derive from this banking system will
be that it will furnish them with a convenient
medium of circulation. Bills are much more
convenient for use, as everybody knows, than
gold ; and these bills can be taken and used
for all the purposes for which gold can be used,
and are far more convenient for all kinds of
business. Sir, will not this add something to
the circulation of the country? Do I not
understand the Senator to claim at this time
that there is a scarcity of circulation; that it
is desirable not to contract but to increase the
circulation ? Are we not called upon from all
parts of the country to increase the circulation,
if possible, and to accommodate the people
with money facilities? This portion of the
bill proposes to do that; and yet it is objected
by those who are asking for these favors that
this ought not to be done.
I claim that the paper provided for by this bill
will be a paper that will circulate in all parts
of the United States; will be a paper that will
