942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
Why, sir, since this banking law went into
operation the population of the Souih and West,
has increased more than five million people,
while the eastern States have almost stood still
if they have not gone back, and the capital of
the West has vastly increased. We can take up
$100,000,000 now in the West and South easier
than $30,000,000 could be taken up four years
ago. Our wants are increasing from popula-
tion, from development, from growth in every
way ; and yet Senators propose to dole out to
use the pitiful sum of §45,000,000.
Now, sir, I am willing that the Pacific States
shall have whatever is for their benefit. I have
not assailed them. The people of the Pacific
States are not responsible, ns I verily believe,
for the fact that our currency has been kept
out from there. I said so the other day. I
saidit was to the interests of the great bank-
ing institutions on the Pacific coast that our
currency should be kept out, and that those
banks were now fighting to keep our currency
out. Since that debate took place I have re-
ceived a communication from an intelligent
gentleman on that coast, who assures me that
all that I said about it was correct, and more.
I am willing that our friends on the Pacific
coast shall have all that they need, all that will
do them auy good ; but so far as the coin notes
are concerned, proposed by the third, fourth,
and fifth sections of this bill, I believe they
will do good to nobody.
The Senator from Oregon used the same
argument that was used by the Senator from
Ohio the other day. He argued that because
in ordinary times banks could float their paper
on twenty-five per cent, of gold in their vaults
they can do it now. Before the war, when the
banks floated their paper on twenty-five per
cent, of coin, there was no overshadowing cur-
rency ; there was no premium on gold. Now
the case is reversed. Now there is $700,000,-
000 of overshadowing curreney; gold is at a
premium of twenty per cent.; and men will
run back the notes ot these banks, not because
they distrust the banks, but because they want
the gold and can sell it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Why can they not sell
the notes just as well as the gold ?
Mr. MORION. They can sell the notes as
well as the gold; but that does not give the
men who buy the notes the gold. They want
the gold. They can buy the notes and go and
draw the gold from the banks; but the run
upon the banks is the difficulty. It is the gold
that is wanted.
Air. SHERMAN. Why do they not draw
the gold on the certificates now ?
Mr. MORTON. A great many of them do ;
but they can use the certificates in the custom-
house for this reason: the gold is already in the
vaults of the Government, and when they pay
the certificate into the custom-house the gold
was paid in advance ; but when they pay bank
notes into the custom-house the gold is not in
the vaults of the Government, and there is only
twenty-five per cent, of it in the vaults of the
banks. Therefore, if they want the gold the
Government must make a run on the banks, as
the banks have but twenty-five per cent.; they
must go under or go out and buy the gold just
like importers.
But there is another point to which I wish
to call the attention of the Senate in connec-
tion with the argument of my friend from Ore-
gon. He is very much opposed to an expansion
Df the currency. He cannot permit it even to
the amount of $7,000,000. But what does he
tell ns? After saying that he is opposed to the
expansion of the currency he goes on to argue
that these bank coin notes will go into circu-
lation as part of the currency. Is not that an
expansion? If he gets out §20,000,000 of bank
coin notes that go into circulation he expands
the currency $20,000,000 in that way. He is
willing tu expand the currency with a form of
bank note that may perhaps subserve their
interests on the Pacific coast, but he is not
willing to expand it with a view to subserve our
interests on this coast. If there is anything in
the argument against expansion it is in direct
opposition to his gold-note theory, that is if
the gold-note theory will work ; but I hold that
it will not work. I think the objections to it
are insurmountable.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator a question, with his permission.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator if the
addition of $7,000,000 of paper to the present
paper circulation of the country, not redeem-
able in coin, is not an expansion and does not
remove us to that extent from a resumption of
specie jiayments; and if, on the contrary, the
circulation for which this bill provides is not a
circulation practically in gold ?
Mr. MORTON. The addition of §7,000,000
to the currency, making it from forty-five to
fifty-two million dollars, would be an expan-
sion if at the same time you did not take
$7,000,000 of paper currency now in circula-
tion, withdraw it, and put it into the vaults of
the banks as a reserve. Will the Senator tell
me what the change is ? If you add $7,000,000
to the amount of paper in circulation and take
$7,000,000 from it I think the volume remains
about the same. Then the Senator says if
these gold notes are to represent gold that
does not expand the currency. Do I get his
idea?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not said anything,
and I presume there is not a Senator on this
floor opposed to an expansion of currency by
the addition of gold to the currency or any-
thing equivalent to it; but we object to the
expansion of the currency by a new issue of
irredeemable notes. That is the point.
Mr. MORTON. It does not expand the
currency by adding $7,000,000 of irredeemable
notes when at the same time you withdraw
$7,000,000 of irredeemable notes. That leaves
it just as it was. But, on the other hand, sup-
pose this coin note bank system will work ; the
Senator proposes to get out four dollars of
paper for one dollar in gold. Is not that the
proposition ? He proposes to issue four dollars
in paper for one dollar of coin in the vaults of
the banks, and if that does not expand the
currency I should like to know what does. He
proposes to get out four dollars in paper for
every dollar in gold that the bank has ; and
yet he says that does not expand the currency ;
and in view of the other fact, too, that the gold
now confessedly is not a part of the circula-
tion.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to ask a question
for the confirmation of the Senator on that
point. In the event that under the action of
the third section of the original bill, as sub-
mitted by the Committee on Finance, contem-
plating the issue of gold paying notes and
providing for the deposit of bonds in order to
secure this circulation, gold were to go up to
140 or 150, or the bonds were to fall below 80
in gold, and a run were to be made upon a
bank, for instance, having a large circulation
of these notes, what would be the result?
Would not the Treasurer of the United States ]
be compelled in default of payment by the bank ]
to the holders of the notes to come in as cashier I
for the United States, and in that case throw
bonds upon the market; and could the Gov-
ernment realize enough to pay the face of the
notes? Would they not be the losers?
Mr. MORTON. The point made by the
Senator is perfectly clear. If we issue coin
notes to the amount of eighty per cent, upon j
the face of the bonds that are to be deposited j
by the terms of this bill, and it should turn out j
that there is subsequently a run upon gold and I
gold goes up to 140, then the bonds sold in the ;
market wouldnotbring $100 in gold to pay off i
$100 of this paper. That is very clear. !
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is twenty-five per j
cent, of gold already on hand to pay the notes.
Mr. MORTON. That presents a very novel
feature of this new and very interesting bank-
ing system. They propose to patch out the
sufficiency of the security by adding the the-
oretical twenty-five per cent, in their vaults to
the possible value of the bonds in the market,
and in that way they can make the bonds sell
for enough to pay for their notes. What kind
of a system is that? Sir, this Government
ought never to guaranty the payment of a
bank note where it is not clear that the bonds
on deposit are themselves worth the amount of
those notes and will bring it in the market.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am rather surprised,
after the statement of the Senator, that he advo-
cates this bill at all, because under the present
banking system the only security for these
notes, the identical notes we are about to issue,
is niuety per cent, of bonds, not eighty per
cent. Now, it is utterly impossible, if I may
be allowed to interrupt the Senator, for a bank
organized on the basis of a specie-paying bank
under the last three sections of this bill to
throw a loss on the Government of the United
States, unless after the bank has exhausted
its assets the bonds of the Government are
worth less than eighty cents on the dollar. I
hardly think such a contingency as that can be
contemplated—a contingency that has not ex-
isted for several years; because some of the
bonds at this very hour are worth ninety-five
cents on the dollar, some ninety-two cents, and
some ninety-three cents in gold. After all the
funds of the bank are exhausted toward the
redemption of these notes, then the bonds on
hand are a security until they fall below eighty
cents in gold. That is not possible. The
security is much greater on the gold note than
on the currency note.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to correct the
Senator. It is seventy-five per cent, because
twenty five per cent is already paid in the
reserve, and the only field for the bonds is seven-
ty-five per cent. The bonds have got to fall
below seventy-five per cent, before there can
be danger.
Mr. KELLOGG. I wish to ask the Senator
from Ohio a question. I ask if in the event I
spoke of some time since gold were above 140
the bill holders would not have recourse to the
bonds deposited for this issue and the bonds
alone?
Mr. SHERMAN. When gold is above 140
in greenbacks?
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir. In that event
of course the holder of the notes of this issue
provided by this bill would be compelled to go
to the cashier of the United States; that is to
say, the Treasurer, and in default of the bank
paying the Treasurer would be compelled to
resort to the bonds deposited as the basis of
this issue. If, then, gold were above 140, I ask
if he could realize sufficiently on these bonds
to pay the notes under the provision of the
law?
Mr. SHERMAN. My honorable friend
from Louisiana has not kept up the distinc-
tion in his mind between the value of bonds
and the value of greenbacks. A greenback
is an irredeemable, dishonored promise of the
United States, which it refuses to pay and has
neglected to pay for years, which it has refused
now for three years successively to allow to be
converted into a bond. For three years in
succession I have reported a bill here to au-
thorize greenbacks to be converted into bonds,
and it has been voted down whenever it has
come up. Now the Senator will not observe
the distinction between a gold-bearing bond,
principal and interest payable in gold, and a
greenback.
Mr. President, our gold-bearing bonds ot
the kind that must be filed as security for these
coin notes have not now for four years fallen
below eighty cents on the dollar, and we re-
quire before we allow a single dollar of these
com notes to be issued the security of twenty*
five per cent, above the amount of the coin
notes^to be deposited with the Government of
the U nited States, so that even if they should
steal all the reserve and all the assets of the
bank, and everything they could put their hands
