1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MB
on, still there are the bonds of the Govern-
ment as security, and until they fall below
eighty cents on the dollar in gold there can be
no injury or danger.
Mr. KELLOGG. That is the precise point
of my question, what is to be done in case they
fall below that?
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senate is basing
this legislation upon the idea that our bonds
will fall below eighty cents on the dollar, then, in
the name of Heaven, the Government of the
United States ought to refuse to take them in ,
any case as a security for any debt whatever, i
and no private citizen in the United States !
ought to touch them. If the Senate of the I
United States is now legislating with a view !
that the bonds of the United States, principal 1
and interest payable in gold, will not sell in
the money market of the world for eighty cents
on the dollar, we had better not pretend to
make them the basis of anything.
Mr. CORBETT. I will answer the Senator
from Louisiana. He wishes to know whether
in case gold advances above 140 in green-
backs the Government would lose anything.
I say that they would not. The bonds now
are 115 in currency. That makes the security
equal to 143J in gold, with five-twenty bonds
of 1867 as the basis, the lowest class that we
have. The 1802s are above that and the 1881s
are 118, which would make the basis nearly 150.
The Senator, I hope, is answered in that
respect.
Mr. KELLOGG. I regret having provoked
this debate, and I have nothing more to say.
But in the event of the bonds going below
eighty per cent, in gold how would it be?
Does the Government propose to make itself
responsible? Does it propose to indorse these
notes in any contingency? Is it supposed to
become a banker to that extent, even in that
possible contingency to be responsible?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, this debate
shows one thing, I think, very conclusively,
and that is that this new-fangled system of
banking that is proposed has not been very
well considered, and that the advocates of it
are not exactly agreed upon the ground on
which it ought to be sustained. Sir, we ought
to enter upon no new system of banking with;
out understanding perfectly well the ground
upon which we stand.
Mr. CORBETT. I do. i
Mr. MORTON. The Senator says he does, j
It is possible for him to be mistaken even;
and as there is no necessity for this system, it
seems to me we ought not rashly to enter upon
it. The very argument that was made here by
the Senator from Nevada a few minutes ago,
that by adding the reserve of twenty-five per
cent, in the bank to the value of the bonds
there will always be security for the oills, shows
it. There is no security in any bank for the
presence of the reserve or even the balance or
the capital. That is shown by universal bank-
ing experience in this country and every other.
So the security of these bills ought not to rest
upon the imagined presence of the reserve m
the vaults of the banks.
But, sir, I have detained the Senate longer
now than I intended, and longer than 1 should
but, for these interruptions. ..
We simply want to make this bill not a hall-
way measure, but something near a whole
measure. Give us something now that will be
reasonably sufficient to answer the demands
of the country, and we are satisfied. We QO
not ask to take a dollar from iNewEngand
except upon the condition that it shall be
necessary to gu-e currency to the Vv est :and
South, where they need it. Ihe others have
got it in excess. They can part with it with-
out danger. We do not want to take a dolUi
from them unless it is necessary; and that is
the character of my amendment.
Sir, (here should be justice done to every
part of this country. There must be equal
! '^Mr. 'cORBETX' Mr. President, I desire
to answer the Senator with regard to the
$45,000,000 of three per cents. He contends
that it is necessary to add to that sum in this
bill $7,000,000, in order to make the amount
issued equal to the $45,000,000 withdrawn. I
admire the energy with which he advocates
his cause; but it does not change the facts
of the case. In case the bank circulation is
$300,000,000, for illustration, ifitisalleoncen-
trated in New York city, the banks have to re-
serve twenty-five per cent., that is $75,000,000.
They invest their money and capital in the
bonds of the United States, and they have
issued to them this amount of $300,000,000 in
currency, and of that currency they have to
retain $75,000,000. Then they have deposits
of greenbacks that are in circulation, and of
those deposits they have to reserve also twenty-
live per cent. They invest the deposits in three
per cent, certificates and place them in their
vaults as a reserve, and do they not represent
deposits just the same?
'ru„ " ■
lUUOiVO juov J
The investment of these deposits in three
per cents, is the same as deposits, I contend.
Those certificates in the reserve represent ex-
actly the same as though they were actual de-
posits ; and therefore I say that the $7,000,000
is actually an expansion of the currency; and
if we are going to expand the currency, do not
let us deceive ourselves; let the people know
it; let them understand that we do propose to
commence an expansion of the currency. &
have already commenced it; we did so when
we allowed these three per cents, to be held
as reserve in place of legal tenders. We
thereby violated the former law whereby only
$300,000,000 was allowed, and we only did it
because we had not the money to pay the com-
pound-interest notes. Those compound-inter-
est notes were held throughout^ the country.
It is true that for a very short time they con-
centrated themselves for collection in the city
banks about the time\hey became due.
I say that that was simply an expansion, and
I never would have consented to the expan-
sion of the currency beyond the $300,000,000,
because it lias placed us $45,000,000 beyond
what we ever intended to do.
Now, the Senator from Indiana proposes
again to expand it and go a little further ■
$7,000,000 further. Where are we going to
stop in this system of expansion? If we are
going to continue it, there is no hope or re-
turning to specie payments. I prefer to adopt
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and will support very willingly that
measure at any proper time-. But the com-
mittee have reported this bill as a temporary
measure to give immediate relief to the South
and West. I felt the justice of_ that ; 1 felt
that it was necessary, and that it only took
from the eastern banks three per cent, certifi-
cates that were liable to be paid at any moment
by the Secretary of the Treasury. He now,
as soon as be has the money in the ireasury,
can call in all these $45,000,000 and take them
out of circulation. The nearer we come to
specie payments the more valuable become
our legal tenders and our national notes, and
so much more is the purchasing power of those
notes. They can move more whea o-day
than they could two years ago-double the
amount; consequently we are expanded in
thIt seems to me that the Senator from Indiana
argues very singularly when he does not want
to allow the Pacific States to issue a currency
upon a gold basis, whereby, even at slowest
rate of the bonds, the security would be 143
in currency to 100. The assets of the bant in
any event would pay their notes. Ho wants
to compel these Pacific States to take thei cur
rency that the South wants; and yet the Comp
troller of the Currency says that „ 10t
allow them to take it m the Pacific States.
Now, what are you going t0 <io between the
two? The Comptroller says he thinks he has
power to prevent that, and such an institution,
to introduce a national bank currency theie,
would be merely a shaving shop in California.
Consequently he would not issue such currency
to banks there. And yet the Senator from
Indiana says we shall not have a paper cur-
rency based upon gold, and which 18 good in
any event for gold, but he will force us to do
without any currency.
If he wants to give this currency to those
States where they want it most, why not give
us upon the Pacific coast, if we can establish
banks on a gold basis and redeem our bills in
gold, the privilege of doing so? Our people
are not going to establish these banks unless
they can redeem their currency. They are
not going to fail any more than other banks;
they are not going to fail any more than now
when their checks are out and deposits are
made in coin. A bank in California may havo
$10,000,000 of gold deposits; they do not hold
a dollar of gold for every check they have out
or every deposit. They may have $1,000,000
of gold on hand, or $2,000,000; and yet they
do not break. There is no bank there that has
broken. The only bank on that coast that has
broken is a national bank that was established ,
in Nevada. What they want there, as I under-
stand, is this privilege. Make the limit greater
if you choose. If your bonds are not worth
enough, added to the twenty-five per cent,
reserve, to give a security of one hundred and
forty-three or one hundred and fifty cents on
the dollar at any time in currency, make it
greater. But they ask for the privilege, for the
business of the circulation based on gold and
bonds that are worth gold.
Mr. liAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Oregon whether one of the
very first effects of a resumption of specie pay-
ments would not be to require every man to
pay his debts in gold, and whether he thinks
that is very desirable?
Mr. COKBETT. Mr. President, if we can
gradually raise the value of legal tenders to
the gold basis, I do not see that it would make
any difference; every man would pay in those
le«al tenders; or if you withdraw the legal
tenders, you gradually bring the Government
up to a specie basis. If you withdraw $200,-
000,000 of legal tenders to-day, the Govern-
ment can resume specie payments; it has the
money to pay the rest. The objection of the
people is that they do not want to pay interest
on this $200,000,000, and in order to withdraw
them we slia.ll have to issue bonds in place of
them..
I believe myself it would be cheaper for the
Government to issue bonds for $200,000,000
and pay the interest on them ; but still all do
not agree with me with regard to that; and
although it may not be proper for me to men-
tion that it is a measure which perhaps would not
pass the House, yet I understand that the West,
who are largely interested there, are opposed to
it; that is the way they look on this question ;
and so the House will not be likely to pass such
a measure.
Several Senators. It is four o'clock.
Mr. CORBE L'T. I have said all I desired
to say. and 1 will give way to a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment of the benator
from Indiana, to strike out $45,000,000 and
insert $52,000,000.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 21; as follows :
YEAS-Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman. Brown-
low Cameron, Carpentor, Davis, Drake, Jowlor,
Gilbert, Hamilton, Harlan, Hairis, Uowc,
llowell, Johnston, Kellogg, MeOrecry, AloPonaW,
Morrill of Maine, Morton. 2Jort°o, Osborn, Porno-
roy Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Ewe. Robertson. .Ross.
Soh'uri, Scott, Spencer,'i'hayer, Thurman, iipton,
^ NAYS—MessrsfTntho'ny. Buckingham, Cassorly,
Chandler Conkiins, Gorbett, Cragm. Edmunds.
FentonikamUD, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson.
SaulsburyT Sherman. Stewart, Stockton, fcumnor,
T™mh.tll Willey, Williams, said Wilson—21. .
ABSBN'r—Messrs. Cattell. Cole, ierry, Lewis.
Nye, Sawyer, Sprague, ana Yatos  .
So the amendment was adopted.
| Mr. CONKLING. I move an amendment
