THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
December 7,
South Carolina.
Henry L. Pinckney,     James H. Hammond,
T W. Pickens,             William J. Grayson,
R. B. Campbell,            John K. Griffin.
James Rogers,
Georgia.
John Coffee, '              "Thomas Glascock,
Seaton Grantland,         Jesse F. Cleveland,
Charles E. Haynes,      Hopkins Holsey,
George W. B. Towns,  Jabez Jackson.
George W. Owens,
Kentucky.
Ben Hardin,
Chilton Allan,
John Chambers,
Richard French,
James Harlan,
R. M. Johnson,
John White,
John Bell,
Abram P. Maury,
Bailey Peyton,
James K. Polk,
Adam Huntsman,
Cave Johnson,
E. J. Shields,
John Calhoon,
Lynn Boyd,
Albert G. Hawés,
Joseph R. Underwood,
Sherrod Williams.
Texktessee.
W. C. Dunlap,
Luke Lea,
William R. Carter,
John 13. Fovrestcr,
James Standifer,
Samuol Bunch.
Bellamy Storer,
Thomas Corwin,
William K. Bond,
Elice Howell,
Jonathan Sloane,
Ehsha Whittlesey,
Samuel F. Vinton,
Sampson Mason,
Joseph H. Crane,
David Spangler,
Ohio.
William Kennon,
John Thomson,
David Kilgore,
John Chaney,
Taylor Webster,
Thomas L. Hamer,
William Patterson,
Benjamin Jones,
Jeremiah McLene.
Amos Lane,
J. W. Davis,
John Carr,
Jonathan McCarty,
Ratliff Boon.
Inmors.
William L.
Zadock Casey,              William L. May.
John Reynolds,
Alabama.
Jjshua L. Martin,         Joab Lawler,
Reuben Chapman,         Francis S. Lyon.
Missouri.
Wm. H. Ashley,          Albert G. Harmon.
Two hundred and twenty-four members, con-
stituting a quorum, having answered to their
names, the Clerk «mounted that the first business
in order was the elefctiw bf a Speaker.
É1ÜCTWN O^ SPEAKER.
Mr. PATTON said he did not know by what
authority it was that the election of Speaker,
about to take place, was to be done, as announced
by the Clerk, by ballot—necessarily by ballot. If
it was competent for Mr. P. to do so, he should
move, without desiring any disn-ussion on the
question, that the election bfc Made viva voce.
Mr. MERCER doubted whether that body,
unorganized as it was, was competent to act on
such a question; and, besides, he humbly con-
ceived that it would be unwise to entertain it, as
it would necessarily give rise to a long discussion.
He hoped his honorable colleague would not
press his motion.
Mr. PATTON said he thought the law ought
to be altered; he had no doubt it would be altered;
and believing so, he desired it might be altered at
once. He thought that House, if it was compe-
tent to elect, was certainly competent to prescribe
the mode of electron, if they til ought proper. For
himself, he felt v«ry little concerned how it was
about to be decided, believing the viva voce mode
to be the one in which all elections in represent-
ative popular bodies ought to be made. He must
p*  t in this motion.
The CLERK (Mr. Fhanius) read the rule
pf the last House of Congress, prescribing the
mode to be ballot.
Mr. WARDWELL said there was no rule ex-
iting that could bind the present House, and the
Louisiana.
Henry Johnson.
Indiana.
George L. Kinnard,
Edward A. Hannegan,
Clerk might as well read out of another book as
that.
Mr. PATTON.   The rules of the last House
of Representatives were not the rules of the pres-
'  ent House; in fact, there were no rules in force,
until rules were adopted bv the existing House.
1      Mr. WILLIAMS,  of North Carolina, said
they were now about to adopt a very important
I  change in the usages of that House—a usage that
|  had existed, he believed, without interruption,
I  from the organization of the Government to the
I  present time.    What reason could have suggested
1  itself to produce this change, he was utterly un-
j able to perceive.     It might be for the same
reasons they had heard suggested last session;
but as this was a new body, assembled for the
1 first time in this city and in tnis House, he should
not advert to them.    Wishing it, however, to be
known how his own vote would stand on the
question, he hoped they would be indulged with
i  the privilege of the yeas and nays, and he would
move the question be so taken.
j      Mr. BEARDSLEY said that body was not the
House of Representatives, nor were they at that
,  moment assembled there as a House.    They were
i  nothing more than the elements out of which the
House of Representatives was to be composed.
'  Individuals came there, but it was only after taking
,  the oath of office that they became members of
! that House.   It was true also that there were no
rules to organize that body; for it was as yet an
incomplete and imperfect body, unorganized, and
1  without any other rules, other than custom, and
' custom alone had sanctioned the practice that the
Clerk of the House should, on the first day of the
session, at twelve o'clock, call over the names of
the members; and custom also had sanctioned the
, practice of the Clerk calling for the members to
vote, and putting the question for Speaker.    It
was a custom., and nothing more than a custom;
and he had no doubt whatever, that that body
was authorized under the Constitution to proceed
to the «hoiee of a Speaker, either viva voce, by
resolution,or by ballot.   There was no limitation,
and it was left to the discretion of that body, in-
complete and imperfectas it was, to take its own
course.   It would perhaps be better to proceed
according to the established usage of the House.
He said that during the last session a motion was
made and debated to pass a similar rule in relation
to the election of printer, and some other offi-
cers; he did not recollect whether that of Speaker
was included or not.    For himself, he preferred
the mode of voting viva voce upon this question,
but he well saw, that if the question was then
entertained and acted upon, in all human proba-
bility, the discussion would be spun out to a late
hour of the day, the Clerk of the House presiding,
or perhaps spun out for weeks, for all of them
knew well, that a question of that character could
not be decided without long discussi on. He hoped,
therefore, that the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Patton] would Withdraw the motion,
let the House proceed in its customary mode, and
test the principle by proceeding to the choice of
Clerk viva voce, and Air. B. would most cheerfully
vote that they proceed to the choice of Clerk,
cither viva vo't or by resolution, and take the
question by veas and nays.
Mr. PATTON said, he did not feel the embar-
rassment alluded to, and he must persist in his
motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, denied
that the House was without rules; for they had,
and were bound by, the rules of the Constitution.
Mr. WISE would ask by what authority the
members of that House had a right at present to
v<He ? Was any man in that assembly qualified ?
Non constat: at present they were all members
there. Were they not to exhibit their qualifica-
tion before they undertook to exercise the duties
of Representatives in Congress ? They might as
well else submit the question to the gallery as to
that bodv.
Mr. VANDERPOEL remarked1, that it must
be well recollected by all the gentlemen with
whom he had the honor to be associated in the
last Congress, what course he then took upon
this question, whether the officers of the House
should be chosen viva vote, or by ballot. He had
the honor of submitting at that time tome rea-
sons in favor of the p!Rn of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Pattow,] and if they were to come
to a vote upon the question now before them, ho
should vote in favor of it; but it was very doubt-
ful to Mr. V. whether it was expedient at this
time to agitate the subject. The House was not
yet organized; the debate on the same question
last session occupied more than a week, and
there were many gentlemen who entertained dif-
ferent views, who would claim the right to sub-
mit their views before the question was taken.
The subject was an important one, coeval with
the existence of the Government; and though he
was decidedly in favor of the change, yet he was
in favor of having that charge deliberately made,
after the organization of the House, and he
should therefore be extremely glad if the honor-
able mover would withdraw his motion. Be-
sides, he did not know what right they liad to
take the yeas and nays. If the House went into
the question then, it seemed to him they would
have to appoint an extra Speaker, or Moderator,
to preside; but he hoped they would not be sub-
jected to the necessity of entertaining the ques-
tion; and he would again most respectfully repeat
! the request to the gentleman to withdraw his mo-
jí ti on.
i     Mr. EVANS said, both then and hereafter, he
1 should strenuously contend against the change,
whenever it was brought forward.    He was un-
willing to go into the discussion then, and, with-
out any disrespect to the gentleman from Virginia,
' he moved to lay the motion to proceed to the
election of Speaker vita voce on the table.
1      Mr. PATTON asked for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MERCER had some doubts whether the
Clerk could present the question, and whether one
fifth had the right to call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PARKER said it appeared to him the rules
were clear; and he would ask by what right it
was that tlie Clerk called that House to order but
by the laws previously adopted?   By what right
did he call tlicm at twelve o'clock.    There was
no law for twelve o'clock more than one o'clock,
and yet every gentleman would, and must admit,
that if one hundred and twenty-one members met
there at eleven o'clock they would act contrary
to law, and contrary to the rules governing that
House.   There was a set of regulations in usage,
which, like the common law, were binding, and
they were these j that they should meet at twelve
o'clock on the first Monday in December, that
the Clerk of the last House should call the mem-
bers, and ascertain if a quorum- were present,
and that tilosa present should proceed, by ballot,
to organise themselves as a body.   When they
hare dono that, and not till then, were they com-
Setent to make any regulations. On that ground
e considered every innovation of the established
usage of fifty -odd years standing as inexpedient,
and one they had no right to adopt.
Mr. REED concurred with the gentleman from
New Jersey. They must proceed to act, to a
certain extent, from necessity; and he did not
consider the Clerk to be an incompetent officer
to manage this debate and control it; but he did
hope the motion would be withdrawn. He con-
sidered th« present mode of voting the true one; "
the usage of fifty years, from the foundation of
the Government, was sufficient, and ought to be
their rule of proceeding before the House wa*
organized; and he conceived they were acting a
very singular part in their present unorganized •
state.             ,
Mr, MANN, of New Yosk, said it was notj his   ,
purpose to eater into the, debate, but he would
remark that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Reed] seemed tahua to be mistaken in sup-
posing that the Clerk of the Hous* stood in his   '
place, at the present time, by mere custom or by  *
presumption.   Now the rules of the last House
were the laws of the present till others werft '
adopted.   Mr. M. here read the rule applying to , ■
the Clerk; that he should take an oath, and should *
be deemed to continue in office until another waa. "
appointed.    That was the law, probably, of the  '•
present body, and the Clerk was in office to all ;
intents and Purposes, under that law, until it was k
repealed.   He  hoped the gentleman from Vir-  ,
ginia would withdraw the motion; but if he saw %
fit to persist in it, Mr. M. said it would be his
indispensable duty, although in favor of the
principle, to vote to lay it on the table.                  '
