1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8
After a few words from Mr. MERCER m ex-
planation, the call for the yeas and nays was not
seconded by one-fifth of the members present, and
the motion ot Mi. Pvtton was laid on the table
■without a count.
On motion of Mr. BEARDSLEY, the House
then proceeded to ballot tor a Speaker
Messrs. Joh.vson of Tennessee, Everett of
Vermont, and Anthony of Pennsylvania, were
appointed tellers; and on counting the ballots, it
appeared that two hundred and twenty-five had
been given, as follows.
Fo- Mr. James K. Polk...............132
For Mr. John Bell...................84
For Mr. Chirles F. Mercer.........    3
For Mi   Johv Q. Adams..............    2
For Mi   Francis Granger............    1
Blanks .............................       3
Th" Hon. James K. Polk, of Tennessee, hav-
ing retened a majority of all the votes given, was
declared duly electedi Speaker of tht Twenty-
Fourth Congress, and being conducted to the
•-hair by Messrs. Johvson of Kentucky, and
Jarvis of Maine, returned his thanks for the
íionor contened, in the following address:
Gentlemen of the House of Representatives •
In accepting the high station to which I am
called, by the voice of the assembled Representa-
res of the people, I am deeply impressed with
the high distinction which is always conferred
upon the presiding officer of this House, and
u ith the weight of the responsibility which de-
volves upon him. Without experience in this
place—called to preside over the deliberations of
this House, I feel that I ought to invoke, in ad-
vance, the indulgent forbearance of its members
for any errors of judgment which may occur in
the discharge of the new duties which will devolve
upon me. It shall be my pleasure to endeavor
to administer the laws which may be adopted for
the government of the House, justly and impar-
tially towards its members, and with a view to
the preservation of that order which is indis-
pensable to our character as a body, and to the
promotion of the public interests. To preserve
the dignity of this body and its high character
before the country, so far as shall depend upon
its presiding officer, will be objects of my deepest
•olicitude, and I am sure I shall have the coop-
eration and support of all its members, in the
discharge of my duty, with a view to these objects.
I return to you, gentlemen, my sincere ac-
knowledgments for 'this manifestation of your
confidence, in elevating me to this high station;
and my ardent hope is, that our labors here may
merit and receive the approbation of our constit-
uents, and result in the advancement of the public
good
OATH OF OFFICE.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, (the
oldest member in the House,) administered the
usual oath to the Speaker, when the latter quali-
fied the members by States, and also the Territo-
rial Delegates from Arkansas, Florida, and Mich-
igan
APPOINTMENT OF CLERK.
Mr. BEARDSLEY submitted a resolution, ap-
pointing Mr. Walter S Franklin, Clerk of the
House, which was agreed to, and Mr. F. was
qualified by the Speaker.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message -was received from the Senate, an-
nouncing that that body having assembled and
formed a quorum, were ready to proceed w ith legis-
lative business, and that a committee had been
appointed on the part of the Senate, to mett .such
committee as might be appointed on the part of
the House, to wait on the President of the United
States, and inform him that Congiess, having
assembled, is ready to receive any communication
which he may choose to make.
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
Mr. COFFEE submitted a resolution, in sub-
stance, that the House proceed to the election of
a printer for the Twenty-Fourth Congress; which
was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, nominated
Messrs. Blair & Rives;
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, nomin-
ated Messrs. Gales dfc Seaton;
And Mr. PEYTON, of Tennessee, nominated
Messrs. Bradfoi d & Learned.
Mr. PATTON remarked, that the House
having indicated an indisposition to adopt the
principle of voting vtva voce, he would not press
that question at this time.
The officers of the House having been directed
to collect the ballots,
Mr. WHITTLESEY remarked, that this re-
solution, he apprehended, was premature. We
were about to supply an omission of a preceding
Congress, and he doubted whether there was
any law in existence which would authorize the
present proceeding.
The SPEAKER stated that the election could
only be overruled by a reconsideration of the vote
adopting the resolution.
Mr WHITTLESEY moved to reconsider the
vote on the resolution.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, said that
there was a question, which it would be well to
consider before this matter was decided. He
considered it incumbent upon the individual who
should be chosen printer, previously to enter
into bond He did not believe that he could be
required to enter into bond subsequently to his
election.
Mr. ROBERTSON was m favor of the motion
to reconsider. He doubted the propriety of elect-
ing a printer at all He believed this was the
opinion of a number of the members of the last
Congress. He preferred that the printing should
be done by contract, instead of electing a political
partisan. It was certainly not magnanimous or
generous in a majority here, to impose upon the
minority a partisan printer, who would villify and
abuse that minority.
Mr. BEARDSLEY adverted to the propriety
and necessity of an immediate election of printer.
He would like to know by what rule the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Robertson] anticipated
that the majority in this House would appoint a
printer who would villify the minority for the due
discharge of theirduties here' Upon what grounds
does the gentleman found any such belief? Gen-
tlemen were not so sensitive on former occasions.
It had been the practice of the preceding Con-
gresses to choose the printer for their successors.
The last House was not kind enough to perform
this duty for us, and it now became the province
of this House to make its own selection.
Mr WHITTLESEY explained that he only
desired that the House should not elect a printer
without adopting the proper guards.
Mr. ROBERTSON, after a few remarks, pre-
sented a resolution, in the form of an agreement,
providing that the public printing should be per-
formed by contract.
Mr. WHITTLESEY waving his motion for
the present,
Mr. MANN, of New York, by consent of the
House, moved the adoption of the rules of the
last House.
Mr. JOHN Q. ADAMS wished to propose an
additional rule, providing that the Committee of
Ways and Means should report the general an-
nual appropriation bill within thirty days of the
meeting of each session of Congress.
Mr. MANN then modified his motion so as to
except the 57th rule.
Mr. REYNOLDS íemarked that he did not
wish to delay the business and elections of this
House, but thought it was inconsistent for him
to support the system of balloting for officers, as
he had urged, at the last session of Congress, the
mode of voting viva voce for all officers. He con-
tinued to entertain the same principles and opin-
ions, and accordingly felt conscientiously bound,
not only to not vote for the balloting mode, but
to urge the other.
Mr. R., after some remarks, modified his pro^
position so as to exclude the said objectionable
rules, to which Mr. Mann consented, but aftei-
wards withdrew the whole resolution.
The question on the motion of Mr. Whittle-
sey, to reconsider the resolution to elect a printer
to the House, then came up.
Mr. MERCER moved an adjournment, and
Mr. GILLET called for the yeas and nays;
whereupon,
Mr. MERCER withdrew his motion.
The subject was further debated by Messrs H.
EVERETT, WARD, EVANS, ROBERTSON,
BEARDSLEY, and WHITTLESEY.
Mr BEARDSLEY offered a resolution, pro-
viding that the pnntershould give bond and secu-
rity for the performance of his duties, as laid
down in the joint resolutions of March, 1819, and
February, 1829, which, by unanimous consent,
was adopted as a modification of Mr. Coffee's
resolution.   ____
Mr. WHITTLESEY withdrew the motion to
reconsider. Mr. ROBERTSON renewed it; and,
upon being put, it was lost without a count.
The House then proceeded to ballot for the
election of a printer; and Mr. Johnson of Ken-
tucky, Mr. Williams of North Carolina, and Mr.
Peyton of Tennessee, being appointed tellers, the
result was announced as follows:
Whole number of votes, 223; necessary to a
choice, 112; of which—
Messrs. Blair & Rives received.........138
Messrs. Gales & Seaton...............59
Messrs. Bradford & Learned...........26
Mr. Duff Green.......................    2
Mr. Thurlow Weed...................    I
Blanks...............................    2
Whereupon, Messrs. Blair &. Rives were de-
clared duly elected printers to the Twenty-Fourth
Congress.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
The House proceeded to consider the message
from the Senate,which was agreed to; and Messrs.
Thomson of Ohio, Mason of Virginia, and Reed
of Massachusetts, were appointed a committee,
on the part of the House, to wait upon the Pres-
ident.
MESSAGE TO THE SENATE.
On motion of Mr. CONNOR, a resolution was
adopted, directing that a message be sent to the
Senate, informing that body that the House had
assembled, elected a Speaker, and were ready to
proceed to business.
HOUR OF ADJOURNMENT.
On motion of Mr. WARD, of New York, it
was ordered, that when the House adjourns, it
will adjourn to meet again on to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock; and at the same hour each suc-
ceeding day.
CHAPLAIN.
Mr. MERCER offered a resolution pi oviding
for the appointment of a Chaplain by the House,
at twelve o'clock, m., to-morrow.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, moved to amend
the resolution, by providing that, in future, in the
election of officers of the House, it shall be by
viva voce.
Mr. VINTON moved an adjournment; which
was agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 8, 1835.
Messrs. Brown of North Carolina, Leigh of
Virginia, Clay and Crittenden of Kentucky,
and King of Alabama, attended to-day and took
their seats.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the credentials of
Hon. B. Watkins Leigh, elected by the Legis-
lature of Virginia a Senator from that State, for
six years, from the 4th of March last; which
were read.
Mr. MANGUM announced the reelection of
his colleague, Mr. Brown, elected by the Legis-
lature of North Carolina a Senator from that
State, to serve for six years, from the 4th of
March last; and
Mr. KING stated that at the last session of the
Legislature of Alabama, he had been elected to
the Senate of the United States, but that his cre-
dentials had not yet been received by the Pre-
siding Officer.
The CHAIR said that the gentlemen from
North Carolina and Alabama could take the oath,
unless some objections were made.
The usual oath was then administered by the
Vice President to Messrs. Leigh, Brown, and
King, and those gentlemen took their seats.
REPORT Or COMMITTEE.
Mr, WHITE, from the joint committee ap-
