6
THE CO^GBESSIONAk $l<Om
December^
making even the simplest statement of our wrongs
without disturbing the sensibilities of those who
had, by their position, become responsible for
their redress, and earnestly desirous of prevent-
ing further obstacles from that source, I went out
of my way to preclude a construction of the mes-
sage, by which the recommendation that was
made to Congress might be regarded as a menace
to France, in not only disavowing such a design,
but in declaring that her pride and her power
were too well known to expect anything from
her fears. The message did not reach Paris until
more than a month after the Chambers had been
in session; and such was the insensibility of the
Ministry to our rightful claims and just expecta-
tions, that our Minister has been informea that
the matter, when introduced, would not be pressed
as a Cabinet measure.
Although the message was not officially com-
municated to the French Government, and not-
withstanding the declaration to the contrary which
it contained, the French Ministry decided to con-
sider the conditional recommendation of reprisals
a menace and an insult, which the honor of the
nation made it incumbent on them to resent. The
measures resorted to by them to evince their
sense of the supposed indignity were—die im-
mediate recall of tlieir Minister at Washington,
the offer of passports to the American Minister
at Paris, and a public notice to the Legislative
Chambers that all diplomatic intercourse with
the United States liad been suspended.
Having, in this manner, vindicated the dignity
of France, they next proceeded to illustrate her
justice. To this end, a bill was immediately in-
troduced into the Chamber of Deputies, proposing
to make the appropriations necessary to carry
into effect the treaty. As this bill subsequently
passed into a law, the provisions of which now
constitute the main subject of difficulty between
the two nations, it becomes my duty, in order to
place the subject before you in a clear light, to
trace the history of its passage, and to refer, with
soma particularity, to the proceedings and discus-
sions in regard to it. The Minister of Finance,
in his opening speech, alluded to the measures
which had been adopted to resent the supposed
indignity, and recommended the execution of the
treaty as a measure required by the honor and
justice of France. He, as the organ of the Min-
istry, declared the message, so long as ithad not
received the sanction of Congress, a mere ex-
Ítression of the personal opinion of the President,
or which neither the Government nor the people
of the United States were responsible, and that
an engagement had been entered into, for the
fulfillment of which the honor of France was
pledged. Entertaining these views, the single j
condition which the French Ministry proposed
to annex to the payment of the money, was, that
it should not be made until it was ascertained that
the Government of the United Stateahad done
nothing to injure the interests of France; or, in
other words, that no steps had been authorized
of a hostile character towards France by Con-
gress.
What the disposition or action of Congress
might be was then unknown to the French Cab-
inet. But on the 14th of January the Senate
resolved, that it was at that time inexpedient to
adopt any legislative measures in regard to the
state of affairs between the United States and
France, and no action on the subject had oc-
curred in the House of Representatives. These
facts were known in Pans prior to the 28th of
March, 1835, when the committee to whom the
-bill of indemnification had been referred reported
it to the Chamber of Deputies. That committee
substantially reechoed the sentiments of the min-
istry, declared that Congress had set aside the
proposition of the President, and recommended
the passage of the bin without any other restric-
tion than that originally proposed. Thus was it
known to the French Ministry and Chambers
that if the position assumed by them, and which
had been so frequently and solemnly announced
as the only one compatible with the honor of
.France, was maintained, and the bill passed as
originally .proposed, the money would be paid,
and there would be an end of this unfortunate
controversy.
'•.  But this cheering prospect was sopn destroyed
by an amendment introduced into the bill at the
moment of its passage, providing that the money
should not be paid until the French Government
had received satisfactory explanations of the
President's message of the 2d of December, 1834;
and what is still more extraordinary, the pres-
ident of the Council of Ministers adopted this
amendment, and consented to its incorporation
in the bill. In regard to a supposed insult, which
had been formerly resented by the recall of their
Minister, and the offer of passports to ours, they
now, for the first time, proposed to ask explana-
tions. Sentiments and propositions which they
had declared could not justly be imputed to the
Government or people of the United States, are
set up as obstacles to the performance of an act
of conceded justice to that Government and peo-
ple. They had declared that the honor of France
required the fulfillment of the engagement into
which the King had entered, unless Congress
adopted the recommendations of the message.
They ascertained that Congress did not adopt
them; and yet that fulfillment is refused unless
they first obtain from the President explanations
of an opinion characterized by themselves as per-
sonal and inoperative.
The conception that  l was my intention to
menace or insult the Government of France is as
unfounded as the attempt to extort from the fears
of that nation what her sense of justice may deny
would be vain and ridiculous. But the Consti-
tution of the United States imposes on the Presi-
dent the duty of laying before Congress the con-
dition of the country in its foreign and domestic
relations, and of recommending such measures as
may, in his opinion, be required by its interests.
From the performance of this duty he caanot be
deterred by the fear of wounding the sensibilities
of the people or Government of whom it may
become necessary to speak; and the American
people arc incapable of submitting to an interfer-
ence by any Government on earth, however pow-
erful, with the free performance of the domestic
duties which the Constitution has imposed on
their public functionaries. The discussions which
intervene between the several departments of our
Government belong to ourselves; and for any-
thing said in them our public servants are only
responsible to their own constituents, and toeacli
other. If, in the course of their consultations,
facts are erroneously stated, or unjust deductions
are made, they require no other inducement to
correct them, however informed of tlieir error,
than their love of justice, and what is due to their
own character; but they can never submit to be
interrogated upon the subject as a matter of right
by a foreign Power. When our discussions
terminate in acts, our responsibility to foreign
Powers commences, not as individuals, but as a
nation! The principle which calls in question
the President for the language of his message
would equally justify a foreign Power in demand-
ing explanation of the language used in the report
of a committee, or by a member m debate.
This is not the first time that the Government
of France has taken exception to the messages of
American Presidents. President Washington and
the first President Adams, in the performance of
their duties to the American people, fell under the
animadversions of the French Directory. The
objection taken by the Ministry of Charles X„
and removed by the explanations made by our
Minister upon the spot, has already been ad-
verted to. When it was understood that the Min-
istry of the present King took exception to my
message of last year, putting a construction upon
it which was disavowed on its face, our late Min-
isterat Paris, in answer to the note which first
announced a dissatisfaction with the language
used in the message, made a communication to
the French Government, under date of the 29th
of January, 1835, calculated to remove all impres-
sions which an unreasonable susceptibility had
created., He repeated, and called the attention
of the French Government to the disavowal con-
tained in the message itself, of any intention to
intimidate by menace: he truly declared that it
contained, and was intended to contain, no charge
of ¿11 faith against the King of the French, and
properly distinguished between the right to com-
plain, in unexceptionable terms, of the omission
to execute an agreement, and anaccusation of bad
motives in withholding such execution; and de-
monstrated that the necessary use of that right
ought not to be considered as an offensive impu-
tation. Although this communication was made
without instructions, and entirely on the Minis-
ter's own responsibility, /et it was afterwards
made the act of this Government by my full ap-
probation, and that approbation was officially
made known, on the 25th of April, 1835, to the
French Government. It, however, failed to have
any effect. The law, after this friendly expla-
nation, passed with the obnoxious amendment,
supported by the King's Ministers, and was
finally approved by the King.
The people of the United States are justly
attached to a pacific system in their intercourse
with foreign nations. It is proper, therefore, that
they should know whether their Government has
adhered to it. In the present instance it has been
carried to the utmost extent that was consistent
with a becoming self-respect. The note of the
29th of January, to which I have before alluded,
was not the only one which our Minister took
upon himself the responsibility of presenting on
the same subject and in the same spirit. Finding
that it was intended to make the payment of a
just debt dependent on the performance of a con-
dition which he knew could never be complied
with, he thought it a duty to make another at-
tempt to convince the French Government that,
whilst self-respect and regard to the dignity of
other nations would always prevent us from using
any language that ought to give offense, yet we
could never admit a right in any foreign Govern-
ment to ask explanations of, or to interfere in any
manner in, the communications which one branch
of our public councils made with another; that
in the present case no such language had been
used, and that this had in a former note been fully
and voluntarily stated before it was contemplated
to make the explanation a condition; ana, thai
there might be no misapprehension, he stated the
terms used in that note, and he officially informed ■
them that it had been approved by the President;
and that, therefore, every explanation which
could reasonably bo asked, or honorably given,
had been already made; that the contemplated
measure had been anticipated by a voluntary and
friendly declaration, and was therefore not only
useless, but might be deemed offensive, and cer-
tainly would not be complied with if annexed as
a condition.
When this latter communication, to which I
especially invite the attention of Congress, was
laid before ma, I entertained the hope that the
means it was obviously intended to afford, of an
honorable and speedy adjustment of the difficul-
ties between the two nations, would have been
accepted; and I therefore did not hesitate to give
it my sanction and full approbation. This was
due to the Minister who had made himself re-
sponsible for the act; and it was published to the
people of the United States, and is now laid be-
fore their Representatives, lo show how far their
Executive has gone in its endeavors to restore a
food understanding between the two countries.
t would have been at any time communicated
to the Government of France had it been offici-
ally requested.
The French Government having received all"
the explanation which honor and principle per- t
mitted, and which could in reason bo asked, it' '
was hoped it would no longer hesitate to pay the    •
installments now due.    The agent authorized to     i
receive the money was instructed to inform the
French Minister of his readiness to do so.    In
reply to this notice, he was told that the money
could not then be paid, because the formalities
required by the act of the Chambers had not.
been arranged.                                                            i .
Not having received «.ny official communica-
tion of the intentions of the French Government,,  _
and anxious to bring, as far as practicable, this ,"
unpleasant affair to a close before the meeting of ¡,
Congress, that you might have the whole sub-,'
¿ect before you, I caused our charge d'affaires at J '"'
Paris to be instructed to ask for the final detenu- *
ination of the French Government, and in the
event of their refusal to pay the installments no* [ •
due, without further explanations to return .to' *
the United States.                                                           "
The result of this last application has not yet
