tósa.
tm éómntimóüÉL ülóM
reached us, but is daily expected. That it way
De favorable is my sincere wish.    France having
now, through nil the branches of her Government,
acknowledged the validity of our claims, and the
obligations of the treaty of 1331, and there really
existing no adequate cause for further delay, will
4t length, it may be hoped, adopt the course
which die interests of both nations, not less than
die principles of justice, so imperiously require.
The treaty being once executed on her part, little
will remain to disturb the friendly relations of the
two countries; nothing indeed which will not yield
lo the suggestions of a pacific and enlightened poli-
cy, and to the influence of that mutual good will,
Mid those generous recollections, which wc may
confidently expect will then be revived in all their
ancient force.
In any event, however, the principle involved
in the new aspect which has been given to the
controversy is so vitally important to the inde-
pendent administration of the Government, that
it can neither be surrendered nor compromitted
without national degradation. 1 hope it is un-
necessary for me to say, that such a sacrifice will
not be made through any agency of mine. The
honor of my country shall never be stained by an
apology from me for the statement of truth and
the performance of duty, nor can I give any ex-
planation of my official acts except such as is
due to integrity and justice, and consistent with
the principle on which our institutions have been
framed. This determination will, I am confident,
be approved by my constituents. I have, indeed,
studied their character to but little purpose, if the
sum of 25,000,OUOf. will have the weight of a
feather in the estimation of what appertains to
their national independence; and if, unhappily, a
different impression should at any time obtain in
any quarter, they will, I am sure, rally round the
Government of their choice, with alacrity and
unanimity, and silence forever the degrading im-
putation.
Having thus frankly presented to you the cir-
cumstances which, since the last session of Con-
gress, have occurred in this interesting and im-
portant matter, with the views of the Executive
in regard to them,it is at this time only necessary
to add, that whenever the advices, now daily
expected from our charge d'affaires, shall have
been received, they will be made the subject of a
special communication.
The condition of die public finances was never ¡
more flattering than at the present period.             I
Since my last annual communication, all the !
remains of the public debt have been redeemed,
or money has been placed in deposit for this pur-
pose whenever the creditors choose to receive it.
All the other pecuniary engagements of the Gov-
ernment have been honorably and promptly ful-
filled; and there will be a balance in the Treas-
ury at the close of the present year of about
$19,000,000. It is believed, after meeting all out-
standing and unexpended appropriations, there
will remain near All,000,000 to be applied to any
new objects which Congress may designate, or to
the more rapid execution of the works already
in progress. In aid of these objects, and to sat-
isfy the current expenditures of the ensuing year,
it is .estimated that there will be received, from
various sources, $20,000,000 more in 1836.
Should Congress make new appropriations, in
conformity with the estimates which will be sub-
mitted from the proper departments, amounting
to about twenty-four millions, still the available
surplus at the close of the next year, after deduct-
ing all unexpended appropriations, will probably
be not less than six millions.   This sum can, in
my judgment, be now usefully applied to pro-
posed improvements in our navy-yards, and to i
new national works, which are not enumerated in
the present estimates, or to the more rapid com- j
pletion of those already begun.    Either would be |
constitutional and useful, and would render un- '
necessary any attempt, in our present peculiar i
condition, to divide the  surplus revenue, or to !
reduce it any faster than it will be effected by the !
existing laws.    In any event, as the annual re- ]
port of the Secretary of the Treasury will enter i
into details, showing the probability of some de- !
crease in the revenue during the next seven years, I
and a very considerable deduction in 1842, it is
not recommended that Congress should undertake
j to modify the present tariff, so as to disturb the
J principles on which the compromise act was
passed. Taxation on some of the articles of general
consumption, which are not in competition with
our own productions may be no doubt so dimin-
ished as to lessen, to some extent, the source of
this revenue; and the same object can also be
assisted by more liberal provisions for the subjects
of public defense, which in the present state of
our prosperity and wealth may be expected to
engage your attention. If, however, after satis-
fying all the demands which can arise from these
sources, the unexpended balance in the Treasury
should still continue to increase, it would be better
to bear with the evil until the great changes con-
templated in our tariff laws have occurred, and
shall enable us to revise the system with that care
aud circumspection which are due to so delicate
and important a subject.
It is certainly our duty to diminish, as far as
we can, the burdens of taxation, and to regard all
the restrictions which arc imposed on the trade
and navigation of our citizens as evils which we
shall mitigate whenever we are not prevented by
the adverse legislation and policy of foreign na-
tions, or those primary duties which the defense
and independence of our country enjoin upon us.
That we have accomplished much towards the
relief of our citizens by the changes which have
accompanied the payment of the public debt, and
the adoption of the present revenue, laws, is mani-
fest from the fact that, compared with 1833, there
is a diminution of near twenty-five millions in
the last two years, and Üiat our expenditures,
independently of those for the public debt, have
been reduced near nine millions during the same
period. Let us trust, that by the continued ob-
servance of economy, and by harmonizing the
great interests of agriculture, manufactures, and
commerce, much more may be accomplished to
diminish the burdens of Government, and to in-
crease still further the enterprise and the patriotic
affection of all classes of our citizens, and all the
members of our happy Confederacy. As the
data which the Secretary of the Treasury will lay
before you in regard to our financial resources
are full and extended, and will afford a safe guide
in your future calculations, I think it unnecessary
to offer any further observations on that subject
here.
Among the evidences of the increasing pros-
perity of the country, not the least gratifying is
that afforded by the receipts from the sales of the
public lands, which amount, in the present year, ]
to the unexpected sum of $11,000,000. This
circumstance attests the rapidity with which ag-
riculture, the first and most important occupation
of man, advances and contributes to the wealth
and power of our extended territory. Beingstill
of the opinion that it is our best policy, as far as
we can, consistently with the obligations under
which those lands were ceded to theUnitedStates,
to promote their speedy settlement, I beg leave
to call the at'ention of the present Congress to
the suggestions I have offered respecting it in
my former messages.
The extraordinary receipts from the sales of
the public lands invite you to consider what im-
provements the land system, and particularly the
condition of theGeneral Land Office,may require.
At the time this institution was organized, near
a quarter of a century ago, it would probably
have been thought extravagant to anticipate, for
this period, such an addition to its business as
has been produced by the vast increase of those
sales during the past and present years. It may
also be observed that, since the year 1812, the
land offices and surveying districts have been
greatly multiplied, and that numerous legislative
enactments, from year to year, since that time,
have imposed a great amount of new and addi-
tional duties upon that office, while the want of
a timely application of force, commensurate with
the care and labor required, has caused the in-
creasing embarrassment of accumulated arrears
in the different branches of the establishment.
These impediments to the expedition of much
duty in the General Land Office induce me to
submit to your judgment, whether some modifi-
cation of the laws relating to its organization, or
an organization of a new character, be not called
for, at the present juncture, to enable the office to
accomplish aH the- ends of its institution with a
greater degree of facility and promptitude than
experience has proved to be practicable under
existing regulations. The variety of the concerns,
and the magnitude and complexity of the details,
occupying and dividing the attention of the com-
missioner, appear to render it difficult, if not im-
practicable, for that officer, by any possible as-
siduity, to bestow on all the multifarious subjects
upon which he is called to act the ready and
careful attention due to their respective import-
ance, unless the Legislature shall assist him by a
law providing, or enabling him to provide, for a
more regular and economical distribution of labor,
with the incident responsibility, among those em-
ployed under his direction. The mere manual
operation of affixing his signature to the vast
number of documents issuing from his office, sub-
tracts so largely from the time and attention
claimed by the weighty and complicated subjects
daily accumulating in that branch of the public
service, as to indicate the strong necessity of re-
vising the organic law of the establishment. It
will be easy for Congress, hereafter, to proportion
the expenditure on account of this branch of the
service to its real wants, by abolishing, from time
to time, the offices which can be dispensed with.
The extinction of the public debt having taken
place, there is no longer any use for the offices of
Commissioners of Loans and the Sinking Fund.
I recommend, therefore, that they be abolished,
and that proper measures be taken for the trans-
fer to the Treasury Department of any funds,
books, and papers connected with the operation 
of those offices; and that the proper power be
given to that Department for closing finally any
portion of their business which may remain to be
settled.
It is also incumbent on Congress, in guarding
the pecuniary interests of the country, to discon-
tinue, by such a law as was passed in 1812, the
receipt of the bills of the Bank of the United
States in payment of the public revenue, and to
provide for the designation of an agent whose
duty it shall be to take charge of the books and
stock of the United States in that institution, and
to close all connection with it after the 3d of
March, 1836, when its charter expires. In making
provision in regard to the disposition of this stock,
it will be essential to define, clearly and strictly.
the duties and powers of the officer charged with
that branch of the public service.
It will be seen from the correspondence which
the Secretary of the Treasury will lay before you
that notwithstanding the large amount of the
stock which the United States hold in that insti-
tution, no information has yet been communicated
which will enable the Government to anticipate
when it can receive any dividends, or derive any
benefit from it.
Connected with the condition of the finances.
and the flourishing state of the country in all its
branches of industry, it is pleasing to witness the
advantages which have been already derived from
the recent laws regulating the value of the gold
coinage. These advantages will be more apparent
in the course of the next year, when the branch
mints authorized to be established in North Caro-
lina, Georgia, and Louisiana, shall have gone
into operation. Aided, as it is hoped they will
be, by further reforms in the banking systems
of the States, and by judicious regulations on
the part of Congress in relation to the custody
of the public moneys, it may be confidently an-
ticipated that the use of gold and silver, as a cir-
culating medium, will become general in the
ordinary transactions connected with the labor
of the country. The great desideratum, in mod-
ern times, is an efficient check upon the power
of banks, preventing that excessive issue of
paper whence arise those fluctuations in. the
standard of value which render uncertain the re-
wards of labor. It was supposed by those who
established the Bank of the United States, that
from the credit given to it by the custody of the
public moneys and other privileges, and the pre-
cautions taken to guard against the evils which
the country had suffered on the bankruptcy of
many of the State institutions of that period, we
should derive from that institution all the secu-
rity and benefits of a sound currency, and every
good end that was attainable under that provis-
