8
??#E CONGRESSIONAL, GW>PE.
Decembers,
ion of the Constitution which authorizes Con-
§ress alone to coin money and regulate the value
lereof. But it is scarcely necessary now to say-
that these anticipations have not been realized.
After the extensive embarrassment and distress
recently produced bv the Bank of the United
States, from which the country is now recover-
ing, aggravated as they were by the pretensions
to power which defied the public authority, and
which, if acquiesced in by the people, would
have changed the whole character of our Gov-
ernment, every candid and intelligent individual
must admit that, for the attainment of the great
advantages of a sound currency, we must look
to a course of legislation radically different from
that wh:ch created such an institution.
In considering the means of obtaining so im-
portant an end, we must set aside all calculations
of temporary convenience, and be influenced bv
those only which are in harmony with the true
character and thf permanent interests of the Re-
public. We must recur to first principles; and
see what it is that has prevented the legislation
of Congress and the States, on the subject of cur-
rency,from satisfying the public expectation, and
realizing results corresponding to those which
have attendf d the action of our system when truly
consistent with the great principle of equality
upon which it rests, and with that spirit of for-
bearance, and mutual concession, and generous
patriotism which was originally, and must ever
continue to be, the vital element of our Union.
On this subject I am sure that I cannot be mis-
taken in ascribing our want of success to the undue
countenance which has been afforded to the spirit
of monopoly. All the serious dangers which our
system has vet encountered may be traced to
the resort to implied powers, and the use of cor-
porations clothed with privileges, the effect of
vhich is to advance the interests of the few, at
the expense of the many. We have felt but one
class of these dangers, exhibited in the contest
waged by the Bank of the United States against
the Government for the last fouryears. Happily,
thev have been obviated for the present by the
indignant resistance of the people; but we should
recollect that the principle whence they sprung is
an ever active one, which will not fail to renew
its efforts in the same and in other forms so long
as there is a hope of success, founded either on
the inattention of the people, or the treachery of
their representatives, to the subtle progress of its
influence. The bank is, in fact, but one of the
fruits of a system at war with the genius of all
our institutions—a system founded upon a polit-
ical creed, the fundamental principle of which is
a distrust of the popular will as a safe regulator
of politiral power, and whose great ultimate ob-
ject, and inevitable result, should it prevail, is
the consolidation of all power in our system in
one central government. Lavish public disburse-
ments, and corporations with exclusive privileges
■would be its substitute for the original, ana, as
yet, sound checks and balances of the Constitu-
tion—the means by whose silent and secret
operation a control would be exercised by the
few over the political conduct of the many, by
first acquiring that control over the labor and
earnings of the great body of the people. Where
ever this spirit hi-s effected an alliance with polit-
ical power, tyranny and despotism have been the
fruit. If it is ever used for the ends of Govern-
ment, it has to be incessantly watched, or it cor-
rupts the sources of the public virtue, and agitates
the country with questions unfavorable to the har-
monious and steady pursuit of its true interests.
We are now to see whether, in the present
favorable condition of the country, we cannot
take an effectual stand against this spirit of
monopoly, and practically prove, in respect to
the currency as well as other important interests,
that there is no necessity for so extensive a resort
"to jt as that which has been heretofore practiced.
Tííe experience of another year has confirmed the >
utter fallacy of the idea that the Bank of the
United States was necessary as a fiscal agent of
the Government. Without'its aid as such, in-
deed, in despite of all the embarrassment ft was
in its power to create, the revenue has been paid
with punctuality by our citizens; the businessof
exchange, both foreign and domestic, has been '
conducted with convenience; and the circulating ,
I medium has been greatly improved. By the use
1 of the State banks, which do not derive their
charters from the General Government, and are
not controlled by its authority, it is ascertained
that the moneys of the United States can be col-
lected and disbursed without loss or inconveni-
ence; and that all the wants of the community,
in relation to exchange and currency, are sup-
plied as well as they have ever been before. If,
under circumstances the most unfavorable to the
steadiness of the money market, it has been
found that the considerations on which the Bank
of the United States rested its claims to the pub-
lie favor were imaginary and groundless, it can-
not be doubted that the experience of the future
will he more decisive against them.
It has been seen that without the agency of a
great moneyed monopoly, the revenue can be
collected, and conveniently and safely applied to
all the purposes of the public expenditure. It is
also ascertained that, instead of being necessarily
made to promote the evils of an unchecked paper
system, the management of the revenue can be
made auxiliary to the reform which the Legisla-
tures of several of the States have already com-
menced in regard to the suppression of small
bills; and which has only to be fostered by proper
regulations on the part of Congress, to secure a
practical return, to the extent required for the
security of the currency, to the constitutional
medium. Severed from tlie Government as polit-
ical engines, and not susceptible of dangerous
extension and combination, the State banks will
not be tempted, nor will they have the power
which we have seen exercised, to divert the pub-
lic funds from the legitimate purposes of the
Government. The collection and custody of the
revenue beine, on the contrary, a sowee of credit
to them, will increase the security which the
States provide for a faithful execution of their
trusts, by multiplying the scrutinies to which
their operations and accounts will be subjected.
Thus disposed, as well from interest as the obli-
gations of their charters, it cannot be doubted
that such conditions as Congress may see fit to
adopt respecting the deposits in these institutions,
with a view to the gradual disuse of the small
bills, will be cheerfully complied with; and that
we shall soon gain, in place of the Bank of the
United States, a practical reform in the whole
paper system of the country. If, by this policy
we can ultimately witness the suppression of all
bank bills below twenty dollars, it is apparent
that gold and silver will take their place, and be-
come the principal circulating medium in the
common business of the farmers and mechanics
of the country. The attainment of such a result
will form an era in the history of our country,
which will be dwelt upon with delight by every
true friend of its liberty and independence. It
will lighten the great tax which our paper sys-
tem has so long collected from the earnings of
labor, and do more to revive and perpetuate those
habits of economy and simplicity which arc so
congenial to the character of republicans, than all
the legislation which has yet been attempted.
To this subject I feel that I cannot too earn-
estly invite the especial attention of Congress,
without the exercise of whose authority the op-
portunity to accomplish so much public good
must pass unimproved. Deeply impressed with
its vital importance, the Executive has taken all
the steps within his Constitutional power to guard
the public revenue, and defeat the expectation
which the Bank of the United States indulged, of
renewing and perpetuating its monopoly, on the
ground of its necessity as a fiscal agent, and as
affording a sounder currency than could be ob-
tained without such an institution. In the per-
formance of this duty much responsibility was
incurred, which would have been gladly avoided
if the stake which the public had in the question
could have been otherwise preserved. Although
clothed with the legal authority, and supported
"by precedent, I was aware that there was, in the
act of the removal of the deposits, a liability to
excite that sensitiveness to Executive power
whieh it is the characteristic and the duty of free-
men to indulge; but I relied on this feeling, also
directed by patriotism and intelligence, to vindi-
cate the conduct which, in the end, would appear
to have been called for by the best interests of
my country. The apprehensions natural to this
I feeling, that there may have been a desire, through
! the instrumentality of that measure, to extend
the Executive influence, or that it may have been
promoted by motives not sufficiently free from
ambition, were not overlooked. Under the oper-
ation of our institutions, the public servant who
is called on to take a step of high responsibility,
should feel, in the freedom which gives rise to
such apprehensions, his highest security. When
unfounded, the attention which they arouse, and
the discussions they excite, deprive those who
indulge them of the power to do harm; when just,
they but hasten the certainty with which the
the great body of our citizens never fail to repel
an attempt toprocure their sanction to any exer-
cise of power inconsistent with the jealous main-
tenance of their rights. Under such convictions,
and entertaining no doubt that my constitutional
obligations demanded the steps which were taken
in reference to the removal of the deposits, it was
impossible for me to be deterred from the path of
duty by a fear that my motives could be mis-
judged, or that political prejudices could defeat
the just consideration of the merits of my con-
duct. The result has shown how safe is this
reliance upon the patriotic temper and enlightened
discernment of that people. Thatrneasure has
now been before them, and has stood the test of
all the severe analyses which its general import-
ance, the interests it affected, and the apprehen-
sions it excited, were calculated to produce; and
it now remains for Congress to consider what
legislation has become necessary in consequence.
I need only add to what I have on former occa-
sions said on this subject, generally, that in the
regulations which Congress may prescribe re-
specting the custody of the public moneys, it is
desirable that as little discretion as may be deemed
consistent with their safe-keeping, should be
given to the executive agents. Ño one can bo
more deeply impressed than I am with the sound-
ness of the doctrine which restrains and limits,
by specific provisions, executive discretion, as
far as it can be done consistently with the pres-
ervation of its constitutional character. In respect
to the control over the public moneys, this doc-
trine is peculiarly applicable, and is in harmony
with the great principle which I felt I was sus-
taining, in the controversy with the Bank of the
United States, which has resulted in severing, to
some extent, a dangerous connection between a
moneyed and political power. The duty of the
Legislature to deñne,by clear and positive enact-
ments, the nature and extent of the action which
it belongs to the executive to superintend, springs
out of a policy analagous to that which enjoins
upon all the branches of the "Federal Government,
an abstinence from the exercise of powers no*
clearly granted. In such a Government, possess-
ing only limited and specific powers, the spirit of
its general administration cannot be wise or just
when it opposes the reference of all doubtful
points to the great source of authority, the States
and the people; whose number and diversified
relations, securing them against the mfluencesand
excitements which may mislead their agents,
make them the safest depository of power. In
its application to the Executive, with reference to
the legislative branch of the Government, the same
rule of action should make the President ever
anxious to avoid the exercise of any discretion-
ary authority which can be regulated by Con-
gress. The biases which may operate upon hi A
will not be so likely to extend to the representa-
tives of the people in that body.
In mv former messages to Congress, I have-
repeatedly urged the propriety of lessening the
discretionary- authority lodged in the various De-
partments; but it has produced no effect, as yet,
except the discontinuance of extra allowances in
the Army and Navy, and the substitution of fixed
[ salaries in the latter. Tt is'believed that the same
principles could be advantageously applied in aH
cases, and would promote the efficiency and ecort-
omy of the public service, at the same time that
freater satisfaction, and more equal justice, would
e secured to the public officers generally.
The accompanying Report of the Secretary of
War, will put you in possession of the operatjea 
of the Department confided to his care, m all ite
diversified relations, during the past year.
