W¿é.
m& wmm®iQmfd®h®m.
I am gratified in being able to in fon  you, that
no occurrence has jeqvured any movement of the
military force, txcept such as is common to a
state ot peace The sen ices of the Army have
been limited to then usual duties at the various
garrisons upon the Atlantic and inland frontier,
with the exceptions stated by the Secretary of
War. Our small military establishment appears
to be adequate to the purposes tor which it is
maintained, and it forms a nucleus around which
any additional force maybe collected,should the
public exigencies unlortunatcly require any in-
crease ot our military means.
The various acts of Congress w Inch have been
recently passed in relation to the Army, have
improv ed its condition, and have rendered its or-
ganizations more useful and efficient. It is at all
times in a state for prompt and vigorous action,
and it contains within itself the power of exten-
sion to any useful limit; v. hile, at the same time,
it preserves that knowledge, both theoretical and
practical, which education and experience alone
can give, and which, if not acquired and pre-
served in time of peace, must be sought under
great disadvantages in time of war
The duties ot the Engineer Corps press heavily
upon that branch of the service; and the public
interests requires an addition to its strength. The
nature of the works in which die officers are en-
gaged, render necessary professional knowledge
and experience, and there is no economy in com-
mitting to them more duties than they can per-
form, or in assigning these to other persons
temporarilyemployed,and too often, of necessity,
without all the quahiications w Inch such service
demands. I recommend this subject to your at-
tention, and also the proposition submitted at
the last session of Congress, and now renewed,
for a reorganization of the Topographical Corps.
This organization can be effected without any
addition to the present expenditure, and with,
much advantage to the public seivice. The
branch of duties which devolves upon these offi-
cers, is at all times interesting to the community;
and the formation furnished by them is useful m
peace and in w ar.
Much loss and inconvenience have been ex-
Eerienced, in consequence of the failure of the
ill containing the ordinary appropriations for
fortifications which passed one branch of the
National Legislature at the last session, but was
lost in the outer. This failure was the more re-
gretted, not only because it necessarily interrupt-
ed and delayed the progress of a system of na-
tional defense, projected immediately after the
last war, and since steadily pursued, but also be-
cause it conta'iied a contuigent appropriation,
inserted 111 accordance with the views of the Ex-
ecutive, in aid of this important object, and other
branches of the national defense, some portions
of which might have been most usefully applied
during the past season. I invite your early atten-
tion to that pirt of the report of the Secretary
of War w hick i elates to this subject, and recom-
mend an appropriation sufficiently liberal to ac-
celerate the armament of the fortifications agree-
ably to the proposition submitted by him, and to
place our whole Atlantic sca-boaid in a complete
state of defense. A just regard to the permanent
interests of the country evidently requires this
measure. But there arc also other reasons which
at the present junctme give it peculiar force,
and make it my duty to call to the subject your
special consideration.
The present system of military eduration has
been in operation sufficiently long to test its use-
fulness, and it has given to the Army a valuable
body of officers It is not alone in the improve-
ment, discipline, and operation of the troops, that
these officers are employed. They are also exf
ttnsively engaged in the administrative and fiscal
concerns of the various matters, confided to the
War Department; in the execution of the staff
duties usually appertaining to military organiza-
tion, in the removal of the Indians, and in the
disbursement of the vauous expenditures grow-
ing out of our Indian relations, in the formation
of loads, and in the improvement of harbors and
rivers, in the constiuction of fortifications, in the
fabrication of much of the materiel required for
the public defense, and in the preservation, dis-
tribution, and accountability of the whole, and
in other miscellaneous duties, not admitting of
classification.
These diversified functions embrace very heavy
expenditures of public money,and require fidelity,
science, and business habits in their execution;
and a system which shall secure these qualifica-
tions is demanded by the public interest. That
this object has been in a great measure obtained
by the Military Academy, is shown by the state
of the service, and by the prompt accountability
which has generally followed the necessary ad-
vances. Like all other political systems, the
present mode of military education, no doubt,
has its imperfections, both of principle and prac-
tice; but I trust these can be improved by rigid
inspections, and by legislative scrutiny, without
destroying the institution itself.
Occurrences, to which we as well as all other
nations are liable, bath in oui internal and
external relations, point to the necessity of an
efficient organization of the militia. I am again
induced, by the importance of the subject, to
bring it to y our atten tion. To suppress domestic
violence, and to repeal foreign invasion, should
these calamities overtake us, we must rely, in the
first instance, upon the great body of the com-
munity, whose will has instituted, and whose
power must support, the Government. A large
standing military force is not consonant to the
spirit of our institutions nor to the feelings of our
countrymen, and the lessons of former days, and
those also of our own times, show the danger, as
well as the enormous expense, of these perma-
nent and extensive military organizations. That
just medium which avoids an inadequate prepa-
ration on one hand, and the danger and expense
of a large force on the other, is what our constit-
uents have a right to expect from their Govern-
ment. This object can be attained only by the
maintenance of a small military force, and by such
an organization of the physical strength of the
country as may bring this power into operation,
whenever its services are required A classifica-
tion of the population offers the most obvious
means of effecting this organization. Such a di-
vision may be made as will be just to all, by
transferring each, at a proper period pf life, from
one class to another, and by calling first for the
services of that class, whether for instruction or
action, which fiom age is qualified for the duty,
and may be called to perform it with least injury
to themselves or to the public. Should the danger
ever become so imminent as to require additional
force, the other classes in succession would be
ready for the call. And if, in addition to this
organization, voluntary associations were encour-
aged, and inducements held out for their forma-
tion, our militia would be in a state of efficient
service. Now, when we are at peace, is the
proper time to digest and establish a piacticable
system. The object is certainly woith the ex-
periment and worth the expense. No one appre-
ciating the blessings oí a republican Government
can object to his share of tho burden which such
a plan may impose. Indeed, a modeiate portion
of the national funds could scarcely be better
applied than in carrying i rto effectand continuing
such an arrangement, and in giving the necessary
elementary instruction. We are happily at peace
with all the woild. A sincere desire to continue
so, and a fixed determination to give no just
cause of offense to other nations, furnish, unfor-
tunately* no cerfain ground of expectation that
this relation will be uninterrupted. With this
determination to give no offense, is associated a
resolution, equally decided, tamely to submit to
none. The armpi and the attitude of dtfense
afford the best security against those collisions
which tho ambition, or interest, or some other
passion of nations, not more justifiable, is liable
to produce. In many countries it is consider'd
unsafe to put arms into the hands of the people,
and to instruct them in the elements of military
knowledge. That fear can have no place here,
when it is recollected that the people are the sov-
ereign power Our Government was instituted
and is supported by Ük> ballot box—not by the
musket. Whatever changes await it, still greater
changes must be made in oui social institutions
before our political system can yield to physical
force. In every aspect, therefore, in which I
can view the subject, I am impie&scd with the
rmpoitaqoe of a prompt, ajjd affjewat organisation
of th« mik^a.
The plan of removing the aboriginal people
who yet remain within the settled portions of the
United States to the country west of the Missis 
sippi river, approaehes its consummation. It
was adopted on the most mature consideration of
the condition of this race, and ought to be per-
sisted in till the object is accomplished, and pros-
ecuted with as much vigor as a just regard to
their circumstances will permit, and as fast as
their consent can be obtained. All preceding
experiments for the improvement of the Indians
have failed. It seems now to be an established
fact, that they cannot live in contact with a civ-
ilized community, and prosper. Ages of fruitless
endeavor  have, at length,brought us to aknowl-
edge of this pi inciple of intercommunication with
them. The past we cannot recall, but the future
we can provide for. Independently of the treaty
stipulations into which we have entered with the
vurious tribes, for the usufructuary rights they
have ceded to us, no one can doubt the moral
duty of the Government of the United States to
protect, and, if possible, to preserve and perpet-
uate, the scattered remnants of this race which
are left within our borders. In the discharge of
this duty, an extensive region in the West has
been assigned for their permanent residence. It
has been divided into districts and allotted among
them. Many have already removed, and others
are preparing to go, and with the exception of
two small bands, living in Ohio and Indiana, no 
exceeding fifteen hundred persons, and of the
Cherokees, all the tribes on the east side of the
Mississippi, and extending from Lake Michigan
to Florida, have entered into engagements w hich
will lead to their transplantation.
The plan for their removal and reestablishment
is founded upon the knowledge we have gained
of their character and habits, and has been dic-
tated by a spirit of enlarged liberality. A territory
exceeding in extent that relinquished has been
granted to each tribe. Of its climate, fertility,
and capacity to support an Indian population, the
representations are highly favorable. To these
districts the Indians are removed at the expense
of the United States, and with certain supplies of
clothing, arms, ammunition, and other indispen-
sable articles, they are also furnished gratuitously
with provisions for the period of a year after their
arrival at their new homes. In that time, fiom
the nature of the country, and of the products
raised by them, they can subsist themselves by
agricultural labor, if they choose to resort to that
mode of life. If they do not, they are upon the
skirts of the great prairies, where countless herds
of buffalo roam, and a short time suffices to adapt
their own habits to the changes which a change
of the animals destined for their food may require.
Ample arrangements have also been made for the
support of schools, In some instances council-
houses and churches are to be erected, dwellings
constructed for the chiefs, and mills for com-
mon use. Funds have been set apart for the
maintenance of the poor. The most necessary
mechanical arts have been introduced, and black-
smiths, gunsmiths, wheelwrights, millwrightsj
&c, are supported among them. Steel and iron,
and sometimes salt, are puichased for them, and
plows and other farming utensils, domestic ani-
mals, looms, spinning-wheels, cards, &c , aro
presented to them. And besides these beneficial
arrangements, annuities are in all cases paid,
amounting in some instances to more than thirty
dollars for each individual of the tribe, and in all
cases sufficiently great, if justly divided and pru-
dently expended, to enable them, in addition to
their own exertions, to live comfortably And,
as a stimulus for exertion, it is now provided by
law, that " in all cases of the appointment of
interpretas, or oth<,r persons employed for the
benefit of the Indians, a preference shall be giver 
to peisons of Indian descent, if such can be found
who are pioperly qualified for the discharge of
the dutif s."
Such are the arrangements for the physical
comfort, and fot the moral improvement, of the
Indians The necessary weasures for their polit-
ical advancement, and for then separation from
our citizens, have not been neglected. The pledge
of the United Sute  has been given by Congress,
