oo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GlOBfc.
December 15*,
Sm.tn. of M.ii 10, Liwrence of Massachusetts,
Ire-fs^", and l^wen.
"(K C'l m«—Messrs. Whittlesrv, Forester,
Bin *, lUuim, Gre-incü, Dav.s, Taliaferro, P.
C   IVY .' in 1 Ch vnh< rs of K itucky.
On tdii'i'tf-Mi-!.,''. "hi*1! -ili'id. Pincknty,
Pi too of Rhode fshvi.1, G.IIet, Phillips, John-
ion ot"L->u'-i-ni, Ingham of Connecticut, Cush-
iiur. and McKron.
Or  th' Public l*nd —Messrs. Boon, Slade,
Williams of North Carol.na, Lincoln, Casey,
Krmio.i, Du.ilap, Chapman, and Harrison of
Missouri
On th' Pol Office and Pet Roads—Messrs. Con-
nor, Crees, Lmorti, Hall of Vermont, Mann
of New \ork, Cleveland, French, Shields, and
Hopkns
Oi fit D'.s'ict of Columbia—Mcssts. W. B.
Sliepard, HieMn, Vandemoi 1, Eouldin, Wash-
l.irrtori, L'ne, Rogers, FairrkHl.and Townes.
On the Jn l.na- —Messrs. BwrJsley, Thomas,
HarJ n, Pierce of New Hampshire, Robertson,
Per c.To'i'ev, Jones of Virciiiiv, and Martin.
OiJnd-an.lff.i rs—Messrs. Bell, McCartv, Eve-
rett, Graham, Ashley, Haynes, Lyon, Hawes,
and Cha 'ey.
On .MilUarq .TfTmrt—Messrs. Johnson of Ken-
tucky, -Nviglit, Ward, Thomson of Ohio, Cof-
f-o, Bunch, McKay, Anthony,and Dromgoole.
0* the .Vi/i ¡a—Messrs. Glascock, Henderson,
W. K. Fuller, Waeener, Calhoun of Massachu-
setts, Joshua Lee of New York, Carter, Coles,
Wi.hams of Ken'uckv.
On .Vari! .Iffa'.r;—Messrs. Jarvis, Milligan,
Lansing, Reed, Grayson, Parker, Wise, Ash,
and Gran I ind.
On Foreign .Iffatrs—Messrs. Mason of Vir-
gin a. Howard, Campbell, Cram-r, Hamer, Al-
lan of Kentucky, Parks, Cusiinig, and Jackson
of Oeorgia.
Oil t'.f Ttrri(orif5 — Messrs. Patton, Potts,
Crov. 'i, Towl'T, Pickens, Sprague, Pearce of
M hi.and, Bo. d« n, and Montgomery.
i>,i R r ¡uhJtutry Pcmiont—Messrs. Ward-
wi 1. Lt i of Tennessee, Lay, Janes, Storer,
Morgan, K incensmiih, Bond, and Fry.
O.i IncaltJ I'eii'iata—Messrs. Miller of Penn-
syivan.a, Beale, Evans of Maine, Schenck, Tay-
lor >>i" rstw York, Harrison of Pennsylvania,
Doi>ji>day, Hoar, and Howell.
Oil IÍTt.lution*ry Claims—Messrs. Muhlen-
Uerz, Cra'i-j, S andcier, Turrill, Kinnard, Beau-
un'ir., Crai , Cnapin, and Underwood.
Oi  7J !>/,c Lxpen litares—Messrs. Page, Clarke
■ >f F iihvlia i'.i, McLene, Mason of Maine,
Do- r. ,-. L< o md, Ha'ey, White, and Weeks.
On Piita'e Land Chtms—Messrs. Carr, Gal-
braiwi, Pa'terson, Chambers of Pennsylvania,
May, Garland of Virginia, Hammond, Hunts-
man, and Lnvrler.
On .Van-f/ucfnrtj— Messrs. J. Q.. Adams, Den-
ny, Dirkerson, McComas, Webster, Gideon Lee,
Judson, Holsey, and Granger.
On.ig-rictt'ture—Messrs. Bockee, B *an, Roane,
Qlrnn, DuLcrry, Bailey, Logan, Phelps, and
Efil." i.
On Roadsand Canals—Messrs. Mercer, Vinton,
Rcncher, Lucas, Reynoldsof Illinois, Hannegan,
Steele, Jackson of Massachusetts, and Calhoon
of Kentucky.
On Eetual and Unfmishtd Business—Messrs.
Hun«i.ig'on, Mann of Pennsylvania, Mason of
Ohio, Harlan, and Farlin.
On .lecounts—Messrs. Lee of New Jersey,
Darlington, Hall of Maine, Johnson of Virginia,
and Turner of Maryland.
On Expenditures in the Department of State—
M< ssrs Augustine H. Shepperd, Calhoun of
Massachusetts, Hunt of New York, Morris, and
Sickles.
On the Expenditure* in the Department of the
Titasury—Messrs. Allen of Vermont, Harper,
Spangler, Russell, and Barton.
On Expemditurei in. the Department of War—
Messrs. Jone* of Ohio, Bovee, Johnson- of Vir-
ginia, L ve, a ad Hubley.
. On Expenditure* in the Navy Department—
Mesarar. ball of Maine, Bloane, Seymour, Pet-
tigrew, and Mason of New York.
On Expenditures in the Post Office Department—
MjCSíós. Howes, Burn , Childs, Bailey of Maine,
and* Reynolds of New York.
On Expenditures on the Public Bui'dings—
M' sts Diilinctin, Ila.'i ltme, IV. arce of Rhode
Island. G ilbiaith, a,ul l!i ale.
Select Committee on the Rules of the House cf
Itepresentatire^—Messrs. Mann of New York.
John 0,. 4d*mi, Thomas, Wilhnms of North
Carolina, Cambnlen?, Everett, Parks, Parker,
and Chambers of Pennsylvania.
Select Committee on the subject of the Northern
Boundani of the State of Ohio—Messrs. John Q..
Adams, Hardin, Patton, Pierce of New Hamp-
shire, Haynes, Dickerson, McKay, Grayson,
and Judson.
MEMBERS  QUALIFIED.
Mesáis. Willi \m J. Gmm, of Kentucky, and
Rick Garlvyd, of Louisiana, appeared, were
qualified, and took their seats.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF OHIO.
Mr. HOWARD moved to reconsider the voto
whtreby the 1'residcnt's message in relation to
the not them boundary of the State of Ohio was
referred to a select committee.
On the suggest.on of Mr II., the consideration
of his motion was postponed until to-morrow.
DEATH OF HON. ZALMON WILDMAN.
Mr. HALEY. Mr. Speaker: It has become
my painful duty to announce to this House the
death of the Hon. Zalmon Wildman, a memlier
of Congress from the State of Connecticut. He
came into this city in a very feeble state, but flat-
tered himself that he was gaining strength, and
was in hopes that he should be able to perform
his duty as a member of this House; but soon
took cold, which much affected him; not so much,
however, as to prevent him from taking his seat
on the first day of the session, after which his
difficulties increased, with a pressure on his lungs,
which resisted the force of medicine; and while
havin<r nil the assistance that was thought calcu-
culated to afford relief, he still sunk under the
pressure of disease, and expired on the evening
of the 10th instant, at about seven o'clock.
The acquaintance that I have had with my
deceased colleague and friend, by reputation and
otherwise, is such as to confirm the belief of his
ability, his integrity, and uprightness. Asajudge
of a court, while he administered justice consci-
entiously to all, the arm of charity was extended
to the wants of his neighbor.
Mr. H. concluded by asking leave to offer the
following resolution:
Retolrt'', That the usual mark of respect be paid to the
m< «'(ir} oí the df ceased, by the members oí the House
near.n; crape on the left arm for thirty davs.
Which was unanimously adopted.
DE\TH OF HON. ELIAS K. KANE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Lowrt, their Secretary, announcing the
decease rtf Hon. Elias K. Kane, late a Senator
of the United States from the State of Illinois,
and that the funeral will take place from the Sen-
ate Chamber this day at half past twelve o'clock;
whereupon
Mr. CASEY submitted a resolution, that the
members of the House attend the funeral of Mr.
Kane; and, as a testimony of respect to the
memory of the deceased, wdl go into mourning
for one month, by wearing crape on the leftarm;
which, having been unanimously adopted by the
House,
On motion of Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois,
the House adjourned for the purpose of attending
the funeral,
IN SENATE.
Webnesdat, December 15, 1835.
Mr. Webiteii, of Massachusetts, appeared to-
day, and took his snat.
ELECTION OF SECRETARY.
This being the day designated for the election
of officers of the Senate, the Senate proceeded
to ballot first for Secretary, and on counting the
ballots, it appeared that Walter Lowrie, having
thirty votes, was unanimously reelected. The
oath of office was then administered to Mr. Low-
rie by the Vice President.
i    SERGEANT-AT-ARMS   AND  DOORKEEPER,
i     On balloting for Sergeant-at-Arms and Door-
i keeper, the votes were as follows:
i     For John Shackford....................30
For Edward Wyer.....................8
Tor Mr.  Ilaight.......................  1
so that John Shackfoid,having thirty votes, was
duly eleeti d.
ASSISTANT   DOORKEEPER.
On balloting for an Assistant Doorkeeper, it
appeared that there were 34 votes for Stephen
Haight.and 4 scattering; so that Mr. Haightwas
duly reelected.
The usual oath of office was then administered
to Mr. Shackford and to Mr. Haight by the
Vice President.
HOYT, SMITH AND SON.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Secretary of the Treasury, made in compliance
w ith the resolution of the Senate of the l'Jth of
February last; also a report relative to the com-
promise of the claims of the United States against
the firm of Hoyt, Smith & Son, made under the
act of 15th June, 1832; both of which were laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.
The CHAIR also communicated a report from
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
with a record of two volumes, containing the final
report of the Board of Commissioners appointed
under the act for the adjustment of private land
claims in Missouri; which was laid on the table.
STANDING COMMITTEES
The resolution submitted by Mr. GRUNDY,
designating this day for the appointment of the
standing committees, was, after being amended
so as to set apart to-morrow for that object, con-
sidered and agreed to.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
The resolution submitted by Mr. BENTON,
for supplying certain officers of the Government
with the bills and documents printed for the use
of Congress, was, on motion by Mr. KING, of
Alabama, laid on the table.
VACANCY IN THE SENATE.
Mr. ROBINSON submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered:
Reiolcei, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to notify the Eiecutive of IllinoM of the death of
the Hon. Elias K. Ka.se, late a Senatoi of the United State*
from tint State.
BOUNDARY LIWE OF OHIO.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, fivti hundred
extra copies of the President'  message in rela-
tion to the northeastern boundary line of the State
of Ohio, *ere ordered t6 be printed for the use of
the Senate.
MICHIGAN SENATORS.
On motion by Mr. MANGUM, the election of
the select committee of five members to consider
and report on the subject of the application of the
Senators elect from the State of Michigan, was
further postponed until Thursday next.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, the motion sub-
mitted by him to extend the couitesy of the Sen-
ate to the gentlemen elected as Senators from the
State of Michigan, so far as to assign them seats
on the floor, until the decision of the question of
their admission as Senators, was considered.
Mr. CLAY, for one, was not prepared to vote
for this resolution. For what purpose (asked he)
were they to put those gentlemen on the floor'
Not, he presumed, to take a part in the proceed-
ings of that body; not for the purpose of voting
with them—certainly not. Why, then, (asked
he,)arewc to admit them, and if admitted, to what
extent would be their rights on that floor ? Were
they to be admitted in the private as well as pub-
lic sessions of the Senate; and if in private, ui der
1 what ínjunr-tions' He was opposed to admitting
them on the floor oh principle, (ill it was decided
that Michigan should be admitted into the Union.
But it had been asked to admit those gentlemen
as an act of courtesy only. What courtesy? Be-
cause they were Senators from Michigan I Wc
could not otherwise (said Mr. C.) admit these
gentlemen on the ground of courtesy,,than we
oould admit any other gentlemen. He was op-
posed to the resolution, because it would, in some
measure, admit them as Senators by implication,
and thus commit the Sonate; and he was there-
fore opposed to it, as it might seem to settle the
question of their admission as Senators. He was
willing to take up the  case of Michigan, and
