ft6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
' Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following ¡j
resolutions; which lies over one day for eonsider- ¡!
ation:
R.es!>lved, That ffle Committee on the Post Office «nd
Pat Road- be instructed to niqaire into the ejpediency of
«atahlialuns a p<wt route from Indianapolis byway of Dan-
ville, Rockville, Montezuma, and Newport, to Danville in
Illinois.                                                      .       j „      ,  k
Resolvei, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to niquin; into the expediency of making  n ap-
propriation for U  construction of the Cumberland ro d in
the States of Ohio, Indiana, an i Illinois.
On motion by Mr. WEBSTER, it was
Ordered, Tliat so much of tlio President's message as
related to finance, together with the annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, be referred to the Committee
on Finance.
INCENDIARY PUBLICATIONS.
Mr. CALHOUN moved that so much of the
message of the President of the united States as
related to the transmission through the public
mails of certain publications of a dangerous tend-
ency, be referred to a select committee.
Mr. C. said that he deemed the subject to be
one of the greatest importance, and one that re-
quired the earliest attention, with the most decisivo
action, of the Senate.  He had an additional reason
for submitting this motion for a reference to a
select committee, rather than to the Committee  .
on the Post Office and Post Ronds.   On looking '
over the list of names on that committee, he
found that it contained but one gentleman coming •
from that portion of the Union more immediately !
interested in the subject.   With this view, and not
anticipating any opposition, he made the motion
for the appointment of a select committee.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, had not anticipated
any attempt to send the portion of the President's
message referred to by the gentleman from South
Carolina to a select committee, instead of leaving
it to the committee to whom it properly belonged.
He stood as much interested in the subject as any
gentleman en that floor; but he was not disposed
to give to it more importance than it deserved.
It was not, in his opinion, entirely respectful to
the Committee on the Post Office, to attempt to
take the matter out of their hands; and he was
hot willing to admit that Congress had the subject
entirely in its power. He admitted that Congress
might, through the regulations of the Post Office,
restrain, in some measure, the circulation of in-
cendiary publications, but further than this it
could not go; and it was therefore that the Post
Office Committee was the most proper one to take
charge of the subject. He greatly preferred the
reference to that committee; and he hoped that
the gentleman from South Carolina would take a
different view of the subject, and wait a reason-
able time for the Post Office Committee to report,
before he pressed his motion. If (said Mr. K.)
that committee does not act in a reasonable time— ¡
if they do not discharge their duty with regard to
this important part of the President's message—it |
will be time enough then to move for the appoint- ;
ment of a select committee.
Mr. CALHOUN said it was his object to raise
a special committee that should calmly and de-
liberately consider the subject. He thought a
committee composed of members from a portion
of the country whose constituents were identified )
with the subject would be a more appropriate
committee than the Committee on the Post Office
Department. He had made this motion with no
party feelings. He regarded it as a subject in-
volving very delicate and momentous principles;
and believing the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads would bo very much occupied,
he hoped it would go to a special committee. He
hoped the gentleman from Alabama would with-
draw his opposition, and permit it to take that
course.
Mr. GRUNDY said, that in regard to the idea
that this report should come from a committee
from a portion of the country differently situated
from another portion, he thought it should come
from a disinterested portion. Coming (rom a
quarter not identified particularly with the sub-
ject, he thought would give it more strength. He
apprehended the Genera! Government could do
very little on the subject, and he would be as
unwilling as any one to see the Government
úo any act violating the sovereignty of aay State.
He did not court the labor, but did not fear the
responsibility of it.
Mr. CALHOUN had to make one remark in
reference to any feeling of delicacy towards the '
Committee on the Post Offiee and Post Roads,
requiring that the subject should be left in their
charge. He really did think that it could be con-
sidered only as incidentally belonging to them,
and not coming peculiarly within the sphere of
their duties, tic would be the last man to evince
anything like disrespect to that committee, or
want of confidence in them; but every gentleman
must see that this subject was of a peculiar nature,
not belonging exclusively to any committee of the
Senate, and ought therefore to be acted on by a
committee constituted for the purpose. He in-
tended to create no excitement by the motion he
had made. He wished to investigate calmly and
deliberately the powers of this Government in
relation to tfce important matters referred to. All
who were acquainted with the history of new
States, knew that novel questions of this nature
were the most dangerous that could arise, and
that it was of vital importance that they should be
speedily and correctly settled. He believed that
if this question was not settled, it would be the
establishment of a principle as dangerous as could
be imagined. He should look upon himself as a
traitor to the State he represented if he could
bring into this important question anything like
party spirit. He looked upon it as of infinitely
more importance than anything connected with
the presidential or any party question. His sole
object was to examine the subject fully, together
with every collateral ground connected with it.
He hud looked into the question sufficiently to be
satisfied that it was one of the greatest magnitude,
requiring immediate and decisive action; and he
had therefore moved for the appointment of a
. select committee. He moved it, because the State
he represented was vitally interested, and because
the peace, harmony, and union of this Confed-
eracy were deeply involved.
Mr. LEIGH said lie should vote for a reference
to a special committee, on the ground that the
subject did not belong at all to the Committee on
thePostOfficeandPostRonds. Itdidnotappearto
him as a matter of sufficient moment to a class of
citizens in a certain portion of the country to
induce them to bestow upon it the attention and
labor its importance demanded. He disclaimed !
any jealousy towards them; all he was afraid of
was, that the subject might involve party con-
siderations.
Mr. PRESTON said this matterwas referred to
by the President as operating on the Post Office
establishment.    It has been  supposed that the
depositing; an incendiary publication in  a post
office for transmission was a violation of law by
citizens of one State against the citizens of another.
[Mr. P. here read from the message of the Pres-
1 ident the part relating to the subject.]   The ques-
' tion, upon the face of it, from the very nature of
I it, was purely sectional.    There had been a dif-
ference of opinion on this subject.  If'the Govern-
ment had the power to arrest the evil through the
. Post Oflice Department, the question then arose__
How is that power to be exercised ? But if it was
conceded that the Government had not the power,
as suggested, then there was an end of the matter,
and they must aiiquiesce.
Mr. BUCHANAN was very glad to hear the
gentleman from Virginia {Mr. Liücfi] express
the opinions he had with regard to gentlemen
coming from the northern States.   He was con-
fident that the gentleman spoke the fanguage of
every intelligent man north of the slaveholdin" :
States, when he says that they deprecated an!
would do anything in  their power to suppress
every publication calculated toendanger the peace,
or to injure the feelings of the South.    He (Mr.
B.) was yet to meet for the first time the intelli-
gent man at the North who thinks that this Gov-
ernment has any power to interfere in relation to
the delicate question involved.    Why, then, was
he opposed to raising a select committee on this
subject?    It was simply because, by taking the i
ordinary course, everything like excitement or !
party spirit would be put down. He himself had Í
no fear that, by any course pursued, party spirit !
could be raised there; but if the motion prevailed,
the public abroad would ask why was this ref- ■
erenee made—why not ?ive it the ordinary direc- ;
tion to the committee whose appropriate charge
it was? Were there any gentlemen there unwill-
ing to do everything in the power of Congress
for the purpose of suppressing the circulation,
through the mailB, of improper publications? He
apprehended not. It was, then, a mere question
of constitutional law; all were willing to doevery-
thing thai could lawfully be done; and the only
thing to be considered was, how far could they
go ? If (said he) -we take this subject from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and send it to a «elect committee, it will be con-
sidered abroad as a party movement, and he was
therefore opposed to giving it such a direction as
might lead to that belief.
Mr. MANGUM desired t  see a unanimity in
the Senate, which would give the fullest and fairest
opportunity to discuss the subject. He discarded
all party considerations. Whatever difference of
opinion might exist as to the question of slavery,'
he did not apprehend either here or elsewhere any
excitement. They had to itct on this subject. In
the message of the President they Were invoked
to it. He had thotfght very little on the subject,
but regarded it as momentous. The Committee
on the Post Office Department would have more
lalior than they could satisfactorily dispose of.
If the subject was to go to either of the standing
committees, it would be much more appropriate
to send it to the Judiciary. He hoped that, with
common consent, it would be sent to a select com-
mittee.
Mr. PORTERsaid it was, perhaps, not of very
serious importance whether the reference was
Made to the Post Office Committee or to a select
committee. It was possible that the Post Office
Committee might arrive at the same conclusions,
and make a report of the same nature as a special
committee would; but he viewed this question in
a somewhat different light from his southern
friends. They seemed to regard it as one of not
much danger, while he viewed it with the most
serious apprehensions. He had conversed with
po gentleman on that floor who did not consider
the subjects treated of in these incendiary publi-
cations as exclusively reserved to the States most
interested in them. But while he highly appre-
ciated the manly and liberal feelings of his northL
, ern brethren, it was not to be concealed that there
| was a band of wild and reckless fanatics in the
i northern States, whose objects tended to spread
ruin and desolation over the South. It is our
duty (said Mr. P.) to consider the subject, not
with regard to the actual situation of things, but
as to the possible consequences that might ensue.
With regard to the reference, he thought with the
Senator from North Carolina, TMr. Mangdm,]
that the subject would more prbperly be sent to
the Judiciary Committee than to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. He admitted
that the Post Office Committee had more pecu-
liarly under its charge all questions with regard
to the establishment and extension of mail routes;
but with regard to a great constitutional question
presented to the consideration of Congress by
the President himself, and one on which some
legislative action was contemplated, it seemed
to him that the Judiciary Committee was the
rfKMH appropriate one of the two. In another
view of the subject, a reference to a select com-
mittee appeared the more desirable. It was far
from him to intend anything indelicate or disre-
spectful to the Post Offiee Committee; but it was
known that only one gentleman on thatcommittee
came from the South. Was it not, therefore, to
be supposed, that the people of the South would
receive with much more confidence a report from
a committee composed of gentlemen most likely
to feel and sympathize with them, than from a
; committee containing only one of their number :
It was well known what an extraordinary degree
of excitement was created in the South last sum-
mer by these incendiary publications, and that the
people called loudly for some action of Congress
with regard to them. Por these reasons, he pre-
j ferred that a committee sfcould be appointed, con-
taining a majority of its member* from the South
The matter would then (Mr. P. «aid) be brought
'■ properly before the notice of our southern breth-
I ren, and they would see what the South wanted
them to do.
Mr. CLAYTON said  all of  the gentlemen
agreed that the   subject involved   constitutional
