1835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
a*
law; and he thought it shoulé, therefore, be sent
to the appropriate committee. The gentlemen
on the Committee on the Post Office Department
were not anxious to exercise jurisdiction over it,
but would be exceedingly gratified to ha\e it re-
ferred to a «¡pecial committee He spoke for one.
Four out of five members on the Committee on
the Post Offici Department were from non-slave-
holding States. The most effective and satisfac-
tory report to the people would be from gentlemen
from slaveholdin? States. He was satisfied that
his constituents ■  ould prefer it to come from gen-
tlemen from slavtholding States.
Mr. KING, of AHbama, was a little surprised
that gentlemen should, in the course of this dis-
cussion, disclaim all party feeling. He never
could have supposed that the gentleman from
South Caiolina [Mr Calhoos] would atUmpt
to excite a party teehng on an occasion like the
present and therefore the disclaimer was uncalled
for. He still contended that this Government
had no right to interfere in the matter, and he
would not, by any act of his, sanction such inter-
ference. As regarded his position, his constitu-
ents were as deeply interested in the question as
any of the people of the Union—perhaps there
were none more so. It was not to be disguised
that during the last summer great excitement ex-
isted; but he then, as he still did, confided in the
virtue and patriotism of the non-slaveholding
States to put down all attempts calculated to dis-
turb the pence, the harmony, and union of these
States. He still trusted they would do so; but
he could not consent that this Government had a
right to interfere in a matter which had been set-
tled by the fundamental laws of the land He
was not prepared to say how far Congress could
go within its constitutional limits, but he was
willing to do all that could be done to put an end
to the evil complained of Gentlemen spoke of
the great question presented to Congress by the
President What great question > Why, the
President called their attention to a subject that
they all undirstood, and recommended them to
take it under their consideration. He thought
that the subject should take the ordinary eowrse,
and that they ought not to bring it up, as re-
marked by the Senator from Pennsylvania, in
such a way as to lead to excitement, for while he
agreed with him that there was no danger of pro-
ducing it there, he felt some apprehensions as to
the effect on the people at large. The excitement
on this subject had not been confined to the peo-
ple alone, but had found its way into the com-
munications of the Governors of some of the
States He would not, therefore, by the appoint-
ment of a select committee, add to the excitement
that already existed.
Mr GOLDSBOROÜGH «aid this was not a
post office matter, it was not to make an inquiry
purely into matters appertaining to the Post
Offict Department, it was not a matter peculiarly
belonging to that Department. He recollected
the Senator from Massachusetts had referred to
a select committee matters relating to the trans-
portation of the mail on railroads, which he
thought more property belonged to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office Department than this.
The question before them was of the utmost
importance, involving important eonstltational
principles of the Government, and he therefore
thought the object of the reference would be bet-
ter accomplished through a special committee
Mr LEIGH remarked that, adverti g to what
had passed the last summer, he thought it was
wise and proper m the President of the United
States to make the communication he did to
Congress He understood the President's mes-
sage, he thought, as well as the gentleman from
Alabama did The President recommended
nothing but the consideration of how far Con-
gress could act through the regulations of the
post office; but if it should turn out that Con-
gress could not act through the post office regu-
lations, it would then be found that the Post
Office Committee was not the most appropriate
one to take charge of the subject.
Mr DAVIS said he happened to belong to this
Post Office Committee, and did not feel partic-
ularly desirous of having this matter under hts
consideration. He was not certain that more
importance had not been attached to it than it
deserved. When gentlemen spoke of the consti-
tutional power of Congress, and the court* that
might be taken under this power, he did not un-
dei stand what thej meant. Now, it seemed to
him to be nioiea matter of courtesy, and he took
the liberty for himself to say that he should be
very glad to have it taken off his hands, and that
he would be very willing to have it sent to a select
committee, not because it did not appropriately
belong to tho Post Office Committee, (for if this
Government had any power over it, it must be
through its post office regulations,) but for another
reason. He had once the honoi of holding a seat
in tho other House, he hoped he was not out of
order in referring to that body; and he had seen
matters deeply interesting to those he represented
excluded from the consideration of those members
most naturally interested in them He felt, then,
that there was a want of liberality and of mag-
nanimity in this, and he could therefore sympa-
thize with those interested in the pi esent question.
A great southern interest was involved, and he
w as willing that southern gentlemen should pre-
sent their views upon it there, not because they
understood constitutional law better than other
gentlemen, but because they were more interested
and more familiar v, ith the subject to be consid-
ered. He should, for these reasons, vote for a
reference to a select committee
Mr PRESTON smd, that in one point of view
he thought a committee from the South would be
better There were two propositions of immense
moment involved in the consideration of the sub-
ject Had this Government a right to regulate
the Post Office Department, and to what extent
had the Government that right > If these matters
of importance and delicacy should be defined,
then to what extent do we want this protection '
A special committee would have abundance of
time to devote to the subject, which the other
committee would not have. He was indisposed
to excite any farther feelings on the part of the
Senate. If any excitement was to grow out of
it, it was as to the powers of the Government,
and not the question of slavery
Mr. EWING was not anxious, as a member
of the Post Office Committee, to have the charge
of this subject, nor was he anxious to avoid it.
He was disposed to perform any duties the Sen-
ate might impose on him, and he was not dis-
posed to take any offense if ihe matter was with-
i held from the committee to which he belonged
I He was satisfied that this subject ought to be
acted on as if there was no Post Office Committee
constituted Every gentleman, but one, on that
committee was from the non-slaveholding States,
and a sectional interest was involved. The ref-
erence ought, therefore, to be to those who were
the most interested, and the most familiar with
the subject. Our object (said Mr. E ) is in the
I first place to suppress the circulation through the
I mails of incendiary publications, if Congress
possess the power to do so; but if Congress
does not possess the power, our next object is to
oniot the public mind by a report, showing why
Congress cannot act. Who, then, so proper to
make such a report as gentlemen coming from
the southern States' A report from northern
men, explaining why Congress could not act,
would have far less effect m quieting the excite-
ment that prevails, than a report coming from
southern gentlemen He would, therefore, vote
for the reference to a select committee
Mr. BROWN said it had been remarked by an
honorable gentleman, that this was a subject of
deep moment. It was truly so. The Committee
on the Post Office Department had long been
familiar with all subjects relating to it; and they
might therefore expect more light upon the sub-
ject from that committee than from a select one.
Another committee not being1 so familiar would
have to devote more time in acquiring the neces-
sary information to prepare a report. It had
been said that the report ought to come from a
committee composed of members from a particu-
lar section of the country. He could not sub-
j scribe to that doctrine. That course would be to
, give it a sectional aspect—the worst kind of
1 aspect it could have. It appeared to him the
course expected from the southern gentlemen
was to evince a magnanimous confidence towards
the northern gentlemen a distrust would have
an unfavorable effect. For his part, he never had
believed that their northern brethren would, for
a moment entertain a disposition to hazard or
jeopardize the Union, as the subject was peculiar
to the Post Office Department, he thought the
committee on that subject the appropriate one to
whom it should be referred. He would, how-
ever, take occasion to disclaim all party feelings,
and hoped they would not be permitted to influ-
ence any one—be he a fanatic from the North—a
partisan from the South, or a political agitator
from either
The question was then taken on Mr. Cal-
houn's motion for the appointment of a select
committee, and it was decided in the affirmative
president's message.
On motion by Mr CLAYTON, it was
Ordered, That «o much of the President's message a*
r< lates to the judiciary be referred to the Committee on the
Judieitrv
On motion by Mr EWING, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message a 
relates to the public lands be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands
On motion by Mr. SOUTHARD, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message ai
relates to Naval \ftairs be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs
On motion by Mr. ROBINSON, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as
relates to the militia be referred to Um Committee on the
Militia
On motion by Mr. WHITE, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as
relates to Indian aflain be referred to the Committed oa
Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. GRUNDY, it wms
Ordered, That so mueh of the President's message as
relates to the post office and post roads be referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Poet Eoads.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 21, 1835.
Mr. WHITTLESEY asked the i.nanimous
consent of the House to report  sundry bill ,
(petitions being in order,) which was objected to.
Mr. WHITTLESEY moved a suspensión of
the rule, which was carried—yeas 106, nays 51.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he should have to
throw himself upon the indulgence of the House
to report and have printed a bill and a short report
from the Committee of Ways and Means.    He
I was sure he need only read the title of the bill to
I have theunanimou8 consent of the House to have
it read a first and second time by the title, with-
out any debate; it was a bill for the relief of the
sufferers by fire in the city of New York.
Objections being made, the Chair said the rule
had been suspended only to enable the Committee
on Claims to report certain bills
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, front the Commutes on
Claims, reported the following bills, which were
read twice, and committed to a Committee of tire
Whole House:
A bill for the relief of James Tilford;
A bill for the relief of John Pierce and Daaiel
Voorhies;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Cooper;
A bill for the relief of Thomas F. Towneky;
A bill for the relief of Guiseppt Franroni, and
heirs of Jardella;
A bill for the relief of Willi*  Fmdtey'  repre-
sentatives.
Two bills for the relief of M. W. Gilbert;
A bill for the relief of Jesse Smith end others;
A bill for the relief of David Bartlett;
A bill for the relief of Daniel Whitney;
A bill for the relief of Andrew Dodge;
A bill for the relief of Daniel Bender;
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel P. Tatutn;
A bill for the relief of B. F Stickney;
A bill for the relief of John McDonald;
A bill for the relief of Henry Knowle , sen.;
A bill for the relief of John Pollock;
A bill for the relief of David Hardesty;
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
David Eagerly;
A bill for the relief of Washington Seawall;
