38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
A bill for the relief of Joseph Rusa and Stephen
J Honch;
A bill for the relief of Jane Taylor and heirs of
J   Plunketf
\ billfoi the relief of LaurentitisM  Eiler,
\ bill for the relief of Moses Bliss,
\ bill for the rt lief of John Siunders and Pec-
ley Putn in-
\ bill lr>r the relief of Jacob B. Gilbert;
¡\ bil' t >-t!ic n lief of.Tieob Santani;
\ (>•!! for tht relief of the representatives of
Thorn i- 1>   11 nam
•\ 1 >l| for th  relief of Joshua Collumber.
A bill tor the r-Iief of Abm r Stilson
<aTTFERFRS  BY NEW YORK FIRE.
Mr C\MBRKLEN*G asked the unanimous
con-it lit of the House to report a bill for the relief
of tin sufferers  lj the late tire in the ut\ of New
Yoik
O luction hi\ lie be i n made, Mr Cvmgrellng
«skt d n suspension of the rule.
Mi JARVISn marked, that there were \anous
biüa wlueh the ■«\eral comrauteu wire desirous
ol rt ¡ or in; Hi would, then fort, move a gen-
eral •suspension of the rule, for the purpose of
rev.emiijj reports lrom committees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mi C \MBRLLE.\G, from the Committee of
W u s and Means, made a report, accompanied
bv a bill for the relief of the sufferers bv the late
fire ni r\ew "^ ork, which was read twice.
Mr C would merely state, tor the information
of the House, the object of the Committee of
Wajs and Means in introducing this bill An-
other subject was under the consideration of the
committ i, upon w Inch they had not acted finally,
and that was a bill for the remission of the duties
on goods destroyed by the late fire. Thatsubject
had been postponed, and the committee had been
called upon to act upon this question in conse-
quence of a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury inclosing a letter from the collector
at New ^ ork. Mr. C regretted very much that
he should ha\e lxen called upon in the very first
act of his new station to propose a bill of this
description He should not, how-ever, take up
the time of the House then, but should merely
ask its indulgence to-morrow to take up this bill
and act upon it.
Mr. C. then moved that the bill be committed
to a Committee of the Whole House on the state
«f the Union, and that the bill and accompanying
report be printed, which was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the following bills; which
were reíd twice ii d committed.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of James Latham,
deceased, and
A bill for the relief of Archibald Small.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported the following
bills, which were itad twice and committed,\iz
A bill for the relief of Reuben Colburn; and
A bill for the relief of Isaac Champlain and
others.
Mr. GRENXELL, from the Committee on
Claims, reported the following bills, which were
read twice, and commuted to a Committee of the
Whole House:
A bill for the relief of Commodore John Downes,
A bill for the Telief of the Springfield Manufac-
turing Company;
A bill for the relief of Doctor W. Baker;
A bill for the relief ot Stephen Crittenden;
A bill for the relief of the executors of Charles
Wilkins; and
A bill for the relief of David Baker.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs," reported a bill to authorize the enlist-
ment of boys in the naval service, which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. FORESTER, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Willie Blount; which was read
tw ice and committed.
Hp also, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of Charlea M. Frazer, which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. GILLET, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Henry [
Darling; which was read twice and committed.
Mr SUTHERL\IND1fiomthe Committee on
Commerce, reported the following bills, which
wen read twice and commuted
V bill to allow draw backs on dutu s for mer-
chandise exported from the United States via
Missouri to the ptowncts of Ni w Mexico, and
\ bill to re^uhtt the eoinpinsation of certain
officers of th<  rtviuu cutteis
Mr CHAMP.mS, of K< ntuck\ , from the
Committee on C hims, irmdi unfit ortble reports
up m ceitam petitions reft in (1 to siid committee
ABOUTIOÍ   OF   SLAVERY   I> THE DISTRICT.
The hrst business m order on the Speaker's
table was the petition of sundry citizens ot Mas-
bacliiibctts, pr.n ing for the immediate abolition
of slavtry within the Dibtnet ot Columbia, pre-
sented on Fnday last by Mi. J\ckso.v, of Mas-
sachusetts
The motion pending was that of Mr. Ham-
mond to re|< ot the petition.
Mr 0\\ E"Si> u>i>e to addiess the House, but
Mr P1:SCK\EY i xprt ssed a hope that the
subject would be suspended, in order to present
petitions and memorials.
Mr OWENS said lit would with gr< at pleasure
accede to the wish ot the gentleman from South
Carolina, if the matter itself was nota matter of
very greutpurpoit. He rose lor the purpose of
endeavoring to reconcile the conflicting opinions
of gentlemen on all sides, and to submit certain
propositions, which, he trusted, if the House
would accept, would put to rest this agitating, deli-
cate, and dangerous question. It was useless for
him to regret that this question had been biought
before the House. It was useless to regret that this
question had been a subject of discussion. The
apple of discord had been thrown into the House.
It had not been done by the South. But it was
there, and the House must meet it—the House
must handle it. But he did regret—he deeply de-
plored the manner in which the debate on it had
been conducted. It was not calculated to do any
good, but was well calculated to produce anti-so-
cial as well as hostile feelings. Nor did he agree
with some gentlemen in their remarks that the
South asked no aid from the North. On the con-
trary, he would say, that the South did ask aid
from the North, and the North wanted aid from
the South Their wants were reciprocal, and it
was these wants that produced our Confederacy.
It was these wants that had cemented our Union,
and it was the increase of these wants that would
give perpetuity, nay, immortality to it. The prop- J
ositions he wished to submit to the House, he
did trust and confidently believed the honorable
mover of the original proposition would accept
and support, and that the House itself would give
a warm and cordial support. The propositions
be intended to submit were couched in language
as strong,if notstronger,than the original motion,
and they were more extended in their operation.
It was not to meet the question on this petition
alone, but to meet the question, come m what
shape it might. It was to operate upon all peti-
tions that might come with the same tendency or
object, nay, in one word, it was to grapple with
the subject itself. He perfectly agreed with the
advocates of the original motion, that this was
a measure that requned a bold, a prompt, and
decisive expression of opinion from that House.
The South required it, the country required it.
It could not be blinked. It could not be evaded '
by legislative finesst. It ought not to be eluded
by technical objections. He therefore reiterated ,
that he confidently expected those gentlemen, as '
lovers of their country, and well wishers of the I
peace and safety of the land, would support his i
resolution with warmth. He had also no doubt
that those gentlemen whose sense of delicacy
suggested constitutional objections to the rejec-
tion of petitions, would support the propositions
he should have the honor to submit to the House,
because they would find that these propositions
were free from that objection. He admitted, in
the fullest latitude, the constitutional right to
petition, what was termed the sacred right of peti-
tioning; but he hoped he might add without
offense, that from the evidence he had of its abuse,
a good man might doubt whether the good com-
pensated for the evil, if the evil were not tempo-
rary, and the good permanent and lasting Tin re
was anotherclass of individuals to whom he would
address himself. It was those who, in all prob-
ability, would be for the pnnciples contained in
the petition To those gentlemen he would say,
not assuming the character of a lecturer, but as
their associate, that admitting the constitutional
right to act upon this subject, which he denied,
he would tell those gentlemen that right was
not an abstract position and unqualified term;
that in the exercise of every right there weie
conesponding duties; and that the first duty of
an American statesman, of an American legis-
lator, was to look to the w elfaro of the people and
to the integrity of thi Republic He would say to
them, that, in discussing this, or any othei ques-
tion of national and political character, they must
not examine it with the warm imagination of an
enthusiast, with the characteristic underlies  of
the philanthropist, nor with the cold calculations
of the philosopher, but as statesmen, looking at
it in all its beanngs, and if they were satisfied in
their consciences that it was not caleulated to
benefit the Republic, thty ousjht not to legislate
upon it. It gentlemen would turn their minds
upon this subject, he was satisfied they would
have no hesitation as to their course. If the
propositions he should have the honor to submit
to the House be acceded to by a triumphant ma-
jority, he had no hesitation in saying that it
would be considered by the country as the har-
binger of peace—the rainbow that would dissipate
the clouds and darkness now resting on the land.
With these views, and under the operations of
these feelings, he would move the House to lay
the original proposition of the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Hammond] on the table, to-
gether with every matter connected with it, so as
to enable him to submit his propositions to th«
House.
At the request of Mr. CRAIG, the resolutions
of Mr. Owens were read from the Clerk's table,
and were as follows:
Raolved, That la the opinion of this Rouse, tbc nuestioa
of the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia ought
not to be entertained bv Congress
■fln<f be ttfurther resolicd, Thit in ease anj petition pray
ing the abolition of slavprv in the District of Columbia be
hereafter presented, it is the deliberate opinion ot till 
Uou^e the «ame ought to be laid upon tile tabic without
reading
Mr. HAMMOND requested the gentleman to
withdraw his motion to lay on the table, toenable
Mr. H. to submit the reasons why be could not
accept the gentleman's proposition. Objection
was raised by several members.
Mr. MERCER submitted to the Chair a ques-
tion of oider, whether the \ote of Friday, laying
the motion to reconsider the vote of the House,
to consider the petition, on the table, did not lay
the whole subject on the table ? He was satisfied
such was the result.
The CHAIR said he had decided otherwise
the other day, but he would recur to the author-
ities on the point, and would not consider thai
decision a precedent.
Mr. PINCKNEY mo\ed a suspension of the
rules, to enable the House to proceed with the
presentation of petitions and memorials, but the
House refused.
Mr. WISE remarked, tht gentleman from
Georgia had read a proposition to the House,
which Mr. W. presumed was intended to govern
the decision of the House upon the question to
lay the motion under consideration on the table;
and if the gentleman would accept the modifica-
tion Mr. W. would offer, he would \otewith him
to lay it on the table.
The modification of Mr. W. was as follows:
to amend the first resolution by adding—" because
Congress has no power to legislate on it, under
the Constitution of the United States."
And to amend the second resolution, by striking
©ut-all after "resolved,"and inserting—" that this
House will not receive any further memorials on
thatsubject."
Mr. OWENS said he could not accept the
proposed modification.
Mr. HAMMOND asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table; which were
ordered.
Mr. PATTON inquired of the Chair, whether
