1885.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8$
thf effect of the present motion, if-carried in the
affirmative, would not be, that the resohjtious of
the gentleman trom Georgia [Mr. Owens] could
not come up without a suspension of the mies.
The CHAIR said they would not be in order,
until the Statts were called tor resolutions, unless
bv unanimous consent of the House, 01 by a
suspension of the rules.
The question was then taken bv yeas and nays,
and decided in the affirmativ e—yeas 140, nays 76;
as tollo  s:
YE \S—Messrs Chilton Allan, Anthon:, Ashley, Carton,
Beale, Bean, Beard ley, Beaumont, Bockee, Boon, Bov*.e,
Boyd, Brown, B iclnnan. Burn ,C imbreleng,C-irr, Ci-tt r,
C-v-ev, Georii I himber  Ohanev, Clia,nii-in, Ctnpm,
Cleveland, CotTec, t oles, t raig, Cnmer, < u hman D*ui<,
Deben-) Uieker^on, Doubleday, Dromgoole, Effuer, J air
field, larlin, Forester, French, Fry, William h. Fuller,
Galbraith, Jame- Garland, Gillett, Grantland, Grave, Ha
lev, Hamer, Hinneg-in Ilirdin Harlan, bimur-1 S Hrrn-
 on Albert d Harn-on, Miwkin«, Hivnes, Henderson,
Holsey, Hopkia*, Howell, Howard, Hubley, Huntingdon,
iiunbman, Ingersoll, Ingham, Joseph Jackson, Jarvis, Jo-
seph Johnson, Richard >t Johnson, Cave John-on John
V\ Jont", Benjiiun Jone , Judión, Kilífore, Kinnaird,
Khngen-mith Line Lancing, Laporte, Gideon Lee, Joseph
Lee, 1 homas Lee Leonard, Logan, Loyal!, Lucas, Lyon,
Abijan Mann, Job Mann, Martin, John \ Mason, \K illiam
Miton, Moses Ma oi, Sampson Mason, May, McComis,
McKeon MeKim McLene, M rcer, Miller, Montgomery,
Morgan, Muhlenbcre, Owens, Page, Parks, Patterson,
Franklin Pierce,Phelps,Phillips, Pinckney,Bencher, John
Rey nolds, Joseph Rev nold-, Ripley Jtoane,Rogers,Schenck,
Seymour, V\ ühim B Shepard. \ugustine fj Shppp°rd,
Shin i bmi'h Spangler, Sutherland Taliaferro, Tavlor,
Thomas. John Thomson, Toucev, Turnll, Unaerwood,
Vanderpoel, \\ agener, \V ard, W ardwell, \\ ebster, V> eeks,
Lewis W llliams, ana Sh rrod William-—1*0
NATS—Mes p.    \dams, Hennn  Allen, B-ulev, Bell,
Bond  Borden, Bouldin, Bngg"   Bunch, WTi!liam B  Cil
Bonn, Campbell, John Chambers, Chuds, Claiborne, Clark,
Conner, Crane, Cushing, Darlington, Denny, Dunlap, Lv
ans, Everett, Fowler, Philo C Fuller, Rice Garland, Glis
cock, Graham, Granger, Grayson, Grennell, Gnffln, John
Hall   Hiland Hall, Hammond, Hard, Harper, Hazeltme,
Hei«ter Hoar, Hunt, William Jackson, Janes, Henry John
son,Lawler. Lawrence, Lay, Lea, Lincoln, Love, Maurv,
HcCartv, Vcka , McKennan, Milhgan, Morn", Parker,
Patton, Dutee J   Pearce,  James  \   Pearee, Pcttiürevr,
Pickens, Potts, Reed, Robertson, Russell, Shields, Slade,
Sloane, Sprague, Standefer, Storer, Waddy Thompson,
White, \\ hittle ey, and \\ ise—76
So the motion to lay the memorial, with the
pending motions thereto, on the table was carried
in the affirmative.
Mr. OWENS then moved to suspend the rules,
to enable him to submit his resolutions to the
House.
Mr. MANN, of New York, asked for the
yeas and nays, which were ordered, and the vote
was—yeas 101, nays 115; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Barton, Bean, Beardsley, Boon, Boyd,
Burns, Cambreleag, Campbell, Chancy, Claiborne, Cleve-
land, Coffee, Coles, Conner, Cramer, Cushman, IK berry,
Dickerson, Doubleday, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Farhn, Tor
ester, French Fry, William K Fuller, James Garland,
Bice Garland, Gillet,Glascock, Graham,Grantland, Graves,
Grayson, Griffin, Joseph Hall, llamer, Hammond, Hanne
fan, Albert G Hirrison, Hawkins, Haynes, Holsey, Hop-
ins, How-ird Huntington, Huntsman, Joseph Jackson,
Jarvis, Cave Johnson, Henry Johnson, John W Jones,
Benjamin Jones, Lansing, Luke Lea, Joseph Lee, Lucas,
Lyon, Abijah Maun, Martin, John \ Mason, William
Mason, May, McKay, McKeon, McKim,McLtue, Mercer,
Montgomery Muhlenberg, Owens Page, Parks, Patterson,
Patton, James A Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Petrjgrew, Pey-
ton, Pickens, Pmckney, Joseph Reynolds, Ripley, Roane,
Robertson, Roger ,Seymour, William B Shepard, Shields,
Storer, Taylc, Thomas, Waddy Thompson, Toucej,
Towns, Turnll, Vanderpoel, Ward, Weeks, and Wise—
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Anthony, Ashley, Bailey, Beale, Beaumont, Bell, Bockee,
Bond, Borden, Bouldin, Bovee, Bnggs, Brown, Buchanan,
Bunch, William B Calhoun, Carr, Carter, Casey, George
Chambers, John Chambers, Chapín, Chuds, Clark, Craig,
Crane, Cushing, Darlington, Davis, benny, Evans. Everett,
Fairfield, PhiloX Fuller, Galbraith, Granger, Grennell,
Haley, Hiland Hal!, Hard, Hardin, Harlm, Hirper, Samuel
8 Harrison, Hazeltme, Henderson, Heister, Hoar, Howell,
Hubley, Hunt, Ingersoll, Ingham, William Jackson, Janes,
Joseph Johnson, Richard M lohnson, Judsoa, Kilgorc,
Kinnard, Khngensmith, Lane, Laporte, Lawler, Law-
rence, Lay, Thomas Lee,Leonard, Lincoln, Logan, Love,
Job Matin, Moses Ma on, Samp«on Mason, Maurv, Mc-
carty, McComas, McKennan, Miller, Milhgan, Morgan,
Morris, Parker, Dutee J Pearce, Phelps, Potts, Reed
Renchcr, Ru=sell, Schenck, Augustus H Sheppard, Slunn,
Slade, Slome, Francis O J Smith, Spangler, 8nra< ae
btandefer, Sutherland, Taliaferro, John Thompson'under
wood, Wagener, Wardwell, Washington, Webster, White,
Whittlesey, Lewis Williams, and Sherrod Williams—115
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr McKIM moved the orders of the day,
which was agreed to.
The first business before the House was the
motion of Mr. Patton, to reconsider the vote
Of the House on Friday last, referring a petition
presented by Mr. Bkiggs, praying for the abolt-
I Hon of slavery in the District of Columbia., to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr PATTON rose. Hi said that the vote
whu h had just been taken against suspending the
rules for the purpose of taking up tlu resolution
offered by the gentleman fiom Georgia [Mr.
Owens) must have convinced the House, and
especially those gentlemen from the South who
had voted for laying the foinier petition on the
table, inconsistently with their vote on Friday
last upon the same proposition, of the futility of
any such scheme as had been proposed for pro-
curing a direct vote ol the House upon the prin-
ciples involved in the petitions that had been
offered, and would continue to be offered, praying
the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia. Those with whom he felt and acted on this
question gave this apparently inconsistent vote
under the belief that there would be no difficulty
in suspending the rules to take up the proposition
of the gentleman from Georgia. They so calcu-
lated, and were deceived or mistaken I (said
Mr. P.) had no confidence in such calculation,
and was not mistaken.
The vote (said Mr P.) I think has further de-
monstiated that it is idle to attempt to avoid this
subject by any parliamentary maneuver, and that
the only way of obtaining a direct \ ote upon the
great and interesting question embraced by them,
is by making a proposition, presenting the ques-
tion growing out of the petitions in connection
with the petitions themselves.
Mr. Speaker, it is necessary that this House
should be apprised and fully impressed with the
necessity of quieting the anxiety, the agitation,
and the alarm for the institutions of the country
which are abroad in the land; and that, as the
means—perhaps the only means—of doing so, it
should meet those questions dnectly, and dispose
of them decisively and permanently.
I am ready to meet these questions, and I
believe I express the universal sentiment of the
representation trom the South in saying they are
ready to meet them; and while we do not desire
discussion, and, for one, I will do nothing to pro-
voke it, at the same time we will not, if we cannot
—we dare not—shrink from it if it be forced upon
us from other quarters. I prefer voting upon the
questions at once, and without discussion, if
possible. If this subject must be discussed, it
ought to be discussed, and it is to be hoped will
be discussed, in the spirit which ought to charac-
terize members of the same political family, and
I alike imbued with the patriotic purpose of ren-
dering permanent this great and glorious Union.
Let the vote referring this petition be recon-
sidered, a reference made by inadvertence, and
then the petition will be open again for consid-
eration; and, in connection with it, let the pnnci-
ples involved in the petition be presented for the
consideration and decision of the House in some
form which will show distinctly and unequivo-
cally that a majority of the Representatives of
the people of the North as well as bf the South
are opposed to the schemes of the Abolitionists,
and also to the efforts which tire making to inter-
fere with the subject of slavery in the District of
Columbia. Let it be shown, if it be so, that there
is such amajonty opposed to an interference with
slavery in this District, not upon considerations
merely temporary, and influenced by existing
political circumstances, but upon those high and
paramount considerations which belong to the
great rights of property, as well as individual and
political safety, which are connected with it.
My own strong, confident, and abiding opinion
is, that this Government has no right to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia. But, sir, I
am aware of the difficulties which exist m the
minds of many gentlemen from the North on this
question. It is perhaps natural that they should,
from their position, their habits of thinking and ,
their prejudices, entertain more difficulty on this
subject than we do. I feel every disposition to '
respect their opinions—to make great allowance
even for their prejudices. Give us, then, a dis-
tinct, unequivocal, and unevasne vote upon the
anety of interfering with the subject of slavery
e District of Columbia. Satisfy us that the
House is opposed to such interference upon the
grounds of principle, permanent, abiding—which
' reach above and go beyond the transient and
fleeting circumstances of the hour, and uninflu-
enced by the political contests of the day.
Do tins, and I care nothing about discussing or
deciding the constitutional question. I will not
quarrel about what will then be a mere abstrae*
tion. A declaration of the conviction of the House
that they will not, and that Congiess ought not,
to inteifere with this matter, now or hcieaftu,
will satisfy the people of the South,and especially
the States of Virginia and Maryland, who uru
more especially interested in the question. It
should be known—it is not to be disguised—it
would be a mere affectation to attempt to conceal
the fact, that there does exist in many parts of
the southern country a strong apprehension—I
will not say suspicion—that theie are some,
here and elsewhere, who aie indisposed to meet
this question fairly and directly—
" That palter with us in a double sense "
The CHAIR here remarked, that the gentle 
man from Virginia would be pleased to remem-
ber that it was not proper to discuss the menta
of the petition upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. P resumed. I was not, Mr. Speaker,
discussing the merits of the question, and I am
sure that the Chair, on reflection, as well as tli*
House, will do me the justice to remember, that
I have not said one word, in the way ot argument,
on the merits of the question involved in the peti-
tion. I am urging the propriety of reconsidera-
tion, so that we may have a direct vote upon these
principles, and, if need be, discuss them. I repeat,
then, and I say it for no purpose or wish to ai ouse
the feelings, to inflame the pride or rouse the re-
sentment of any gentleman here, that theie doe 
exist an apprehension that there are some who
wish to evade this question, and who seem to
be with us, while they aie in truth against us—
" that keep the word of promise to our eai, and
break it to the hope."
It is necessary in e\ ery point of view, then, to
have a direct vote on this question. Let such a
decision be made, as I trust and am willing to
believe there will be, from the votes heretofore
taken, and the present excitement of the country-
will be allayed. So far as this subject is con-
cerned, the South will repose again in the confi-
dence that this most essential and vital interest of
theirs will not be disturbed and made the subject
of perpetual and angry conflict. Let it be sure
that the efforts made by these petitions will not
be entertained by Congress now or hereafter, and
you will at once calm the troubled waters of agii-
tation. Refuse to do it, and you incur the risk of
aggravating that excitement into a storm which
may shake the pilláis of the Confederacy to their
deepest foundation.
Mr. JOHN a. ADAMS said he hoped the mo-
tion for reconsideration would not prevail, and for
the vei y reason the gentle man fi om Virginia [Mr.
Patton] had suggested for voting in favoi of it.
He thought the only way to get this question out
of the view of the nation, and of this House, was
to dispose of all petitions on the subject in the same
manner, and this (he said) was not a new opinion
of his. He begged leave to call the minds of mem-
bers to the com se which he puisuedwhenhe took
his seatheie in the Twenty Second Congress. At
that time fifteen petitions had been piesented to
him, not from his own constituents, but from cer-
tain citizens of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania, with die request that he would present them
to the House. He did so (he said) in homage to
the sacred right of petition, a right which in what-
ever manner it might be treated by others, it
should never be treated by him with anytluag but
respect. Mr. A. said he then gave notice to the
House and to the country that he should not sup-
port these petitions. He felt it to be his duty to
the country to say that he should not support
them, and the reason which he assigned at that
time for declining to support them was the same
reason which the gentleman gives, to keep discus-
sion out of the House. Mr. A. said he then be-
lieved that discussion of this question would be
unprofitable to the House and to the country, but,
in defeience to the sacred right of petition, he
moved that the fifteen petitions be referred to the
Committee forthe District of Columbia, at the head
of which was a distinguished citizen of Virginia,
(Mr. Doddridge,) w horn the country has occasion
