40
1HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfl.
December 21,
to regret was now bo more.    The chairman of
thatcommittee made a ieport to this House, which
repoit was read, and nothing more has been heard
of these petitions fiom that day to this.    Mr. A.
s<ud that in the course he then took he -was not
sustained by many of his constituents.    There
were some >ery respectable anion? them 'who dis-
«ppi o\ ed of his course     Attempts were made to
gt t up met tings of the people to instruct him to
pursue a different course,and to multiply petitions
of that character, but without any eflect.    A pe-
tition was afterwards sent him, with the request
that he would present it to this House—one single
petition     He presented it, it was referred, and
he believed nothing more has been heard of it
since.    Mr   A. said he believed that the only
method was to take that course, to refer to a
committee, to recene their report, and unani-
mously  to  adopt that report.     That was the
course to avoid discussion of this agitating ques-
tion on the one hand, and to pay due respect to
your constituent's petition on the other.    Two
years afterwards, sir, in 1834, similar petitions
were presented, and an effort was made at that
time to do that which has been done now, with-
out success.    A motion was made to lay on the
table, which failed.    They were  referred to a
committee, and from the moment they Mere re-
ferred they went to the tomb of the Capulets.
A gentleman from the State of New York, (Mr.
Dickson,)   a   distinguished   member,   now   no
longer here, presented one or more petitions to
tlus effect, and entertained the House with an
eloquent speech of two hours' length in support
of them.   No reply was made.   Not a word was
«aid.    The petitions were referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, and we heard
no more from them    At the same session, a dis-
tinguished membei of this House presented one
or more petitions to the same effect, and declared
that he himself concurred in all the opinions of
said petitioners.    Sir, did this excite a flame in
this House5   Not at all.    He moved to refer the
petitions to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, they were so referred, and there they
slept the sleep of death.
Here is a petition referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia—my word for it, (said
Mr. A.,) if you leave it there, you will have the
same result—vour committee is not an abolition
committee.    You will have a report, and let the
House sue ñlentw adopt it, and j ou will hear no
more about it.    But, sir, if you are to come to a
resolution that this House will íeceive no more
petitions, we may look to the voice of the people I
of the country.    Every member who votes for
these resolutions will be left at home by his con-
stituents   What is the next consequence> Why, i
•sir, you will have discussion, and to my regret,
(said Mr. A.,) discussion has been called for and i
challenged by gentlemen on this floor—discussion '
on the merits of slavery.    Every communication s
north of Mason and Dixon's line will  be an
incendiary pamphlet; the speeches of mv col- '
leagues, perhaps of myself, will be branded as
incendiary.    Mr. A. said he did not answer but
that he might make speeches which these resolu-
tions would blacken with abuse.  Mr. A said, if
he was to support these resolutions, his constitu-
ents would send a man here who would represent
them more faithfully.    What becomes of these
incendiary pamphlets and speeches m this House*
They go to the public.   The newspapers report
these speeches; every speech of this kind goes
through the whole country.    Will you have a
resolution that members of this House shall not
make a speech in dereliction of the sublime menta I
of slavery—a resolution that no member of this
House shall dare to utter one incendiary senti-
ment '    Well, sir, you begin by suppressing the !
right of petition.   The next step will be the sup- I
pression of the right of speech in this House. If ,
you pass resolutions that the speeches made in I
this House shall not go forth to the public, what '
•will be the consequence' You suppress the right
of petition; you suppress the freedom of the press;
you suppress the freedom of religion; for in the i
sentiments of many respectable men, fanatics if '
you please to call them, they are found to act
under a sense of duty to their God.  Mr. A. said
it was not for him to judge them, nor was it for
this House to judge  them.   Therefore, sir, in
deference to what has been heretofore the usase
of this House, in deference to the right of peti-
tion, of freedom of speech, of freedom of the
press, and freedom of religion, I hope, sir, that
this petition will bo left in the possession of the
Committee foi the Distnct of Columbia, and that
wewillheai no more about tlus exciting subject.
Mi. BOULDIN said he had,for many sufficient
reasons, for a longtime entertained the"most pro-
found íespect foi the gentleman last up, [Mi.
Adams, of Massachusetts,] and foi no one thing
more than for what he had ahv ays been intoimed
and believed in relation to this same subject, now
before the House. He had been informed by his
predecessor, [Mr. Randolph,] of whom the world
knew far more than be could tell them, that the
gentleman had at all times paid the most delicate
and tender regard to our rights and our interests,
as wi 11 as our feelings, upon thts subject. He
had ever remarked the same sacred and inviolate
regard paid to it by him since he (Mi. B.) had the
honor of a seat upon this floor. Ht would be
obliged to depart from him a little on this occasion,
not so much that he had an objection of himself
to referring the subject-matter to the committee,
were there nothing in the petition but a naked
request, that we should abolish slavery in the
Distnct of Columbia, as on account of certain
other matter that was in it. He lmd on another
day expressed his willingness to meet the matter
flatly, and that his constituents should know all
he knew in relation to it; but in deference to his
brethren from the South—a deference he had
always felt, and would feel, and would act under,
in some good degree, he had not insisted both
sessions lie had had the honor of a seat in that
House, on coming directly to the question, and
putting the South m possession of all that was
contained in those petitions.
Mr. B. said he did not know how the House
could get at the contents of a petition without
reading it, and if all the South would accord
with him, and could see as he did, were one of
the petitions presentad with nothing but the pe-
tition, nothing insulting to the South, he would
be willing to refer it to the Committee on the
i District of Columbia, of which he had the honor
to be a member. But, while the preamble con-
tained slurs on the South, he never could again,
he trusted, sit patiently and hear abuse of his
constituents, direct or indirect, referred to a com-
mittee of that House for consideration. He
would ask the gentleman from Massachusetts if
there was anything abusive in the petitions re-
ferred to the committee, and reported on? If he
heard the petition read rightly, there were many
disrespectful slurs thrown over the people of the
South.
Mr. BRIGGS said he thought it likely the
gentleman from Virginia labored under a mistake;
and if he would yield the floor for a few moments,
, for the petition was very short, Mr. B. would ask
the House to have it read, which had not been
' done at the time ef its presentation.
Mr. BOULDIN had understood (he said) that
they were all from one printed copy, and took it
for granted it was word for word with the owe
that had, in some sort, been under debate. He
would, then, rather hear it read.
The petition was then read by the Clerk.
Mr. BOULDIN continued. He was pleased to I
find it not as bad by any means as the other; yet
it contained nearly the same in substance. All
that was contained in this petition in relation to
trading in human flesh, applied to this District,
applied also with equal force to Virginia. AH
these petitions took a swaggering stand over the
¡ South, and proposed a kind of guardianship over
their morals, and were dreadfully afraid that hold-
ing negroes had made us vastly corrupt,and would
make us more so. Let him that is without fault
cast the first stone. We thank God that we are
not as other men, whoremongers and adulterers.
This was the language of these petitions, all of
them. They might, and did have a little thin
gauze over them, such as this: They did not pre-
sume to dictate to the South—they did not mean
to disparage their sister States, or dictate to them;
but the acts they do are such as to call down the
vengeance of Heaven upon them. Comparisons
were drawn, express or implied. He had no idea
of imitating these petitioners, and swaggering over
'I the North; but who first made traffic of human
1 flesh, and made profit by bringing the negroes
! here' and who expects to be paid for carrying
them back' Now both have a nrrne over the
Atlantic, where we are known only by character.
Did these petitioners ever hear of a man's suf-
fering merely by its being made known that he
came from a State in this Union south of Mason
and Dixon's line 5 Did any man ever hear or
know of a nation of people on any side of Ma-
I son nnd Dixon's line that stood higher for any
of the cardinal virtues—honor, truth, justice, and
chanty, gentleness of heart, and honestys Was
it thought that we would suffer by a comparison
with the pctitioneis3
[ The ladies, too, had petitioned. God forbid
[ that a word of disrespect should escape him in
I relation to the ladies in any quarter of the world
—let him, at all times, be sensible of the defer-
ence and devotion that was, at all times, under
all circumstances, due to them; but let no one,
fiom any quaiter, think it necessary to petition
Congress to preserve the ladies of the South from
corruption. He would draw no comparison be-
tween ladies, neither was there anything to com-
pare to them; but he would beseech these fair
petitioners to give themselves no further trouble
about the ladies of the South—they were in no
danger of contamination. Could they suffer by
comparison with the fair in any part of the woild
in any quality that could adorn or ornament the
sex or render it lovely, it was in the hypothesis
I that negro slavery had corrupted the people; but
the fact was not so. It was true, as the gentle-
man from Massachusetts had said, that a gentle-
man, last session, had made a long and eloquent
speech, and when he concluded, nothing was said,
and the petition was laid on the table, where it
has slept the sleep of death.
It is true, as the gentleman says, that the peti-
tions of last session upon the same subject nave
all met the same fate; but since that time there
had been a great change m things. Shall we stand
heie, (said Mr. B.,) after all that has passed
during the summer, and hear and receive abusiva
petitions on abolition—patiently, too > He was
surprised to hear the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Adams] say, that the speeches of him-
self and those of his colleagues might, and prob-
ably would be, if pushed much further on thw
subject, as inceadiary as any of those pamphlets,
and he had not thought it; and if such were thei*
feelings, he would prefer they should come «Hit
but he was sura the gentleman did not entertain
feelings ané object  as incendiary as many ex-
pressed ia those pamphlets. He was sure the
gentleman had not taken the trouble to read soma
that he (Mr. B.) had seen. Did he know that
they contained propositions, with actions accord-
ing with them, that would freeze the blood with
horror to witness if put into execution, that could
never be thought of without shuddering by any
man who feltfor his wife, his children, his friends,
his neighbors, or his country. He knew the
i gentleman entertained no such objects or feelings
towards us, and harbored no such designs against
! US.
In conclusion, Mr. B. said that he would vote
for the reconsideration; and if a petition came on
without any offensive language attached to it, and
his brethren and colleagues from the South should
agree with him, he would have no particular ob-
jection to have it referred, and a direct answer
given.
Mr. ALLEN, of New York, moved to lay the
motion on the table.
Mr. WISE asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The motion to lay on the table was then with-
drawn by the mover  at the request of Mr. W.
THOMPSON, who briefly addressed the House.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, next addressed
the House. He was in favor of referring the pe-
tition to an intelligent select committee.
Mr. ALLEN, of Kentucky, renewed the motion
to lay the proposition, to reconsider the vote re-
ferring the petition to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, on the table.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
An adjournment was, then moved, but with-
drawn at the request of the Speaker, who, by
