1835.
THB C0NGRD5HÍONAL (BÜLOHB.
4%
unanimous consent, laid before theHaweths fol- ¡
lo win? mrss. ge from thePre*id*ni,of thaUftUed
Sutes, rurrutd by the hands of Mr. Donemon:
[See Seaaic proceedings tor the message, reía- |
üng to t íe bequest of James Smithson ]
On motion, by Mr. ADAMS, the message and
accompany nig documents were referred to a select i
«ommittt* o( nniu, and oidered to be printed.        '
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmittiBc; a report in reference to insolvent
debtors to the United States-, which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed
On motion, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
TrEsuvr, December 22, 1835.
A message was received fiom the Piesldentof
the United States b\ Mi Donflsov, his Private
Secretary, transmitting a íeport from the War
Department on the condition of the Cumbeiland
road in Illinois and Indiana, which was referred
to the Committe< on Roadt, and Canals.
The CH lilt communicated a repoi t from the
Secretary of the Treasury, made in compliance
Midi the eighth section of the act for the relief of
certain individual debtors of the United States,
also, a report from the same Department, in re-
lation to the custom-house onlceis.
The CH \IR presented the petition of sundry
officers of thn Aimy of the United States, in re-
lation to their pu , which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The CH\IR ateo presented the petition of
Edmund Fanning, prajing that an appropriation
may be made by Congress for the fitting out an
exploring expedition to the South Seas, which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of sundry
merchan's, ana others, of Michigan, praying for
the construction of a haibor at the mouth of Ga-
llen mer, which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. LINN also presented a petition from sun-
dry citizens of Missouri, piaying for the estab-
lishment of a new land office, which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr KING, of Alabama, presented the peti-
tion of the President and Directors of the Pa-
li íotic Bank of "Washington, praying for a
recharter and extension of their capital, which
was referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Petitions were also presented by Messrs.
SOUTHARD, AVEBSTER, CRITTENDEN,
BLACK, GOLDSBOROUGH, PORTER, and
ROBBINS.
On motion by Mr. MORRIS, the petition and
papers of David Taylor, on the files of the last
session, were again referred to the Committee on
Claims.
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. BENTON said a petition for the recharter
of a bank had been presented and referred before
it caught his attention. At the last session oí
Congress he had objected to petitions of this na-
ture, and stated that he would not listen to any
attempt to recharter a bank until its conduct had
been subjected to the strictest investigations, and
until a committee had examined mto it, and fully
ascertained the means through which it had
stopped payment. Nothing had been done with
regard to this subject at the last session, but this
morning he found on lus table, and observed the i
same on that of other gentlemen, a pamphlet of
about forty pages, in which the charges against
these banks were gone into, and an attempt mad*
to refute them. The pamphlet endeavored to
establish the fact, that the banks failed from
unavoidable causes, and that they were entirely
innocent of any malconduet. Now, he did not
mean to take an essay from a banking corpora-
tion of any kind, but he was desirous to investi-
gate fully not only the conduct of all banking
institutions, but particularly of those of this Dis-
trict, where he believed banking capital had been
as much abused as in any quarter of the. world.
He had been acquainted with this District for up-
wards of fifteen years, and he believed that it had
more banking capital in proportion to its popula-
tion and resources than any country in Europe,
Asm, or America. la April next tk*y would b#
mere embarrassed than at present, but their em-
barrassments had been, no doubt, occasioned by
mismanagement. He hoped a committee would
be appointed to inquiie into the management of
these basks, and particularly into the conduct of
those who had stopped payment, both before and
since their failure. He did not believe the Dis-
trict wanted capital for circulation at all. The
Government gave a sufficiency of good money,
gold and silver, which was taken away, and its-
place supplied by a depreciated currency. Tins
currency (said Mr. B.) was depreciated so low,
that under our eyes the very washerwomen and
laborers on the canal were cheated out of half
their wages. He was not disposed to repeat the
reports he had heard, but if he repeated but half
that had been told him, it would furnish good
grounds for instituting a strict investigation. He
hoped that the gentleman who presented the peti-
tion would withdraw it, and suffer it to be sent to
a select committee. There were ten or twelve
banks in the District, broken and unbroken, and
all of them required some looking after. It was
not for him, after having seen the Bank of the
United States put down, to permit banking insti-
tutions of lesser consequence to pasa here without
the strictest investigation.
Mr KING, of Alabama, said that this petition
liad been handed to him as a member of the Com-
mittee for the District, with a request to present
it. It was couched in respeetfol language, and
he could not consent to withdraw it. When  t
came up tor discussion, the gentlrmanfroni Mis-
souri would have an opportunity of throwing
every obstacle in its way, and of making a*y op-
position to it he thought proper,
Mr. BEATON said he hoped the gentleman
from Alabama would withdraw his petition, and
that that gentleman would be one of the commit-
tee to whom he wished the subject referred. It
was not by waiting until they saw the effects of
the United States Bank that they had succeeded in
patting it down, nor would it be by waiting for
the effects of these'little thingsthey could succeed.
HOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. TOMLINSON gave notice that he would
to-morrow ask leave to bring in a bill for the re-
lief of Walter Loomis and Abel Gay
Mr BENTON gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill providing
for an increase of the corps of the United States
engineers;
Also, a bill granting a quantity of land to the
State of Missouri for the purposes of internal im-
provements within the State.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, m pursuance of notice
given, asked and obtained leave, and introduced
a bill authorizing the allowance of certain charges
in the accounts o( the American consul at Lon-
don;                                                                         ,
Also, a bill for the relief of Duncan L. Church;
both of which were read twice and referred.
Mr. McKEAN, in pursuance of notice given,
a«ked and obtained leave, and introduced a bill
te divide the Green Bay land district in Michi-
gan, and for other purposes; which was twice
read and referred.
Mr. TIPTON, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced a bill
for the relief of Hiram A Hunter; which wns
twice read and referred.
Mr. MOORE, on leave, introduced bills for the
relief of Elijah Simmons, of Samuel Smith, and
others-, Creek Indians, and of Susan Marlow, all
of which were read twice and referred.
Mr. BLACK, on leave, introduced a bill sup-
plementary to the act to amend the )udrciary
system of the United States, also, a bill for the
relief of the heirs of John Donnel and Stephen
Heard; which were severally read twit  and re-
ferred.
Mr. PRESTON, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced a bill
concerning writs of error in the courts of the
United States; which was read- twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to amend the act for the
better organization of the district courts of the
United States for to ¿mum  of AMmsu; whioh
was r#nit,'Mid ordewd te a wscond reading.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. SOUTHARD submitted the following res-
olution , which lies over one day for considerations
Raoli ed, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be directed to inquire into the expediency of providing
a clock or timepiece for the Capitol, and that they report
by bill or other  i-*.
Mr. ROBBIES submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over one day for consideration:
Rewlvti, That each Senator be supplied, during the
present session, with three such newspapers, printed ui any
of tht States, as he max choose, provided the same bis
fhrm>hed at the usual rate for the annual charge of such
pipera, and provided also, that if anj Senator shall choose
to take anv newsp-ipers other than daily pipers he shall be
supplied with as many such papers as shall not exceed the
price of three daily papers
Mr LINN submitted the following resolutions,
which he over one day for consideration:
JUwlued, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
priation for the purpose ot constructing a military road from
cantonment Des Moines to cantonment Lc-iveiiWorth,
thence to Frtrt Gibson , and that said committee call on th«
Becretai y at War for information relating to this subject.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affaire be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
mtional armory m the Valley of the Mississippi; and that
the State of Missouri be included in the list of States to be
examined with a vie  to such work.
Mr. NAUDAIN submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over one day for consideration:
Repaired, That th« Senate wiH, to morrow, at on 
o'clock, proceed to the election of a Chaplain.
Mr. PRENTIS8 submitted the following resr>
lution, which lies over oneday for consideration:
«mo/mí, That the Committee on the Judiciary be ab-
stracted to ine.mr« into the expediency of giving to the cir-
cuit court  ot the United States original jurisdiction, exclu-
mve of the district courts, of the process and proceeding 
presented by law for the repeal of patents for new and
useful inventions and discoveries; and also of allowing an
appeal to the Supreme Court, by writ of error or otherwise,
from the judgment of any circuit court, in any action
brought for the violation or infringement of any right
claimed «nder any such patent.
NWITHERN BOUNDARY OF OHIO.
Mr. MORRIS, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced the fol-
lowing joint resolution; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading:
Whereas, it a provided in the sixth section of the seventh
article of tb* cenetituuoa «f the State of Ohio, as fellows:
"That the limits and boundaries of this State be ascer-
tained , it is declared that they are as hereafter mentioned,
that is to say • en the east by the Pennsylvania line, and on
the south by the Oh  river to the mouth of the Great Miami
river, on the west by a hue drawn due north from the mouth
of the Great Miami river aforesaid, on the north by an east
and west line drawn through the southerly extreme of Lake
Michigan, running east, after intersecting the dne north line
aforesaid, from the mouth of the Great Miami river, until it
shall intersect Lake Erie on the territorial line, and thence
with the same through Lake Ene to the Pennsylvania line
aforesaid Provided aluays, and it is hereby fully understood
and declared by the eoneentvón, That if the Southerly bound or
extreme of Lake Miehigaa should extend so far south that a
line drawn due east trom it should not intersect Lake Erie,
or if it should intersect said Lake Erie east of the mouth
of the Miami river of the Lake, then, apd in that case,
with the assent of the Congress of the united States, the
northern/boundary of Ohio State shall be established by, and
extended to, a line running from the southerly extreme of
Lake Michigan to the most northerly cape of the Miami
bay, after intersecting the due north line from the mouth
of tire Great Miami mor aforesaid, thence northeast to the
tetntorlalline,aad by the said terntonal hne to the Penn-
sylvania line ' And whereas, the State of Ohio claims
that the assent ot the Congress of the United States has
been virtually and substantially given to the sixth section
of the seventh article of the constitution, as above set forth,
and more especially to the latter clause thereof, describing
¡ her northern boundary as claimed m the proviso to said sec-
tion, bv admitDng her Senators and Representatives to their
seats in Congress, and more fully by the act of Congress, as
I declared February 19,1803, entitled "An act to provide for
| the due execution of the laws of the United States within
the State ot Ohio," in the preamble to which act it is de-
clared, that the State of Ohio has become one of the United
States of America, whereby, as a matter of right, the said
State has acquired and can rightfully exercise junsdicoon
on her northern border to the Itne as described in the latter
clause of the proviso eontained in the sixth section of the
seventh amele of her constitution, but as doubts have
arisen whether the act of Congress of the 11th January,
1805, entitled "An act to divide the laman Territory mto
two separate governments," does not contravene tbe right-
ful jurisdiction of Ohio to the line as described m the article
of her constitution, as above stated ; m order, thciefore,
that no doubts mav longer exist on this subject—
Resolved by the Senate «ml House of Hepretentatxtet of
the United States in Congrats atsentUed, That the asseat of
the Congres  of the United States is hereby fully declared
and given to the latter clause of the sirth section of the
seventh article of the constitution of the State of Ohio,
which is in the following words, to wit   " The northern
