4$
IM& C05ÍGRESSIONAÍ/ *QhQ9ft
December $2$
the wHd spirit of fanaticism now abroad in the
land, the reverse was true? for the tables of gen-
tlemen were now groaning under the weight of
similar petitions.
The gentleman from Massachusetts'[Mr. Ad->
ams] has referred to his own course on a former
occasion, in reference to this subject; this was
commenced in a tone and in a spirit which seemed
to Mr. J. to bespeak the deep anxiety which he
felt to allay the very unpleasant excitement which
had begun to show itself in the House; and to
reconcile, if he could, the causes of discontent
which continued to agitate and disturb the people
of the South; he viewed the remarks of that gen-
tleman as oil poured out upon the troubled waters.
It was, however, but the calm which precedes
the storm. At length, lashing himself up to a
state of high excitement, he asked what it wa«
the South desired? Was it (said be) to discuss
the *' sublime merits of slavery?" ,Tl}at was a
subject which Mr. J. could not discuss with that
gentleman; and taunt them as he might with their
slaves, whose condition they had no agency in
producing, and no means of changing, he would
take that occasion to say to him, that the people
of the South held their slaves by a title as secure,
by an authority as high and as sacred, as that by
which that gentleman held title to his horse, his
house, or, to use his own language, " his place
upon that floor." They held them under the
Constitution and laws of the land.
That gentleman [Mr. Adams] had also taken
occasion to refer the members from the South to
Mason and Dixon's Une, warning them that
every member to the north of that line, who
should discuss this subject, would send forth to
the world an incendiary pamphlet; and although
that gentleman seemed to speak as one " having
authority," lie had seen too many evidences not
to be satisfied of the error into which he had
fallen. He saw assembled here, from every
quarter of this widely extended Union, patriots
prepared to make every sacrifice upon the altar
of their country's good. He lamented to hear
what had fallen from the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts upon that subject; he believed that
gentleman himself, in his calmer moments, would
lament it. The people had cause to lament it.
But, if that be the course determined upon by
gentlemen, the sooner we had it acted out the
better. This he would take occasion to say to
him: let those threatened' pamphlets come when
they might, they would be received by the people
of the South as it became freemen who knew
their rights, and knowing, dared maintain them.
Mr. J. remarked, in conclusion, that he had felt
himself called upon to say thus much in expla-
nation of his own views, with an earnest desire
that a direct vo^e on the subject might be obtained.
Mf. BEARDSLEYsaid^the prqpositiqn before
the House was simply to reconsider the reference
of -a paper to the Committee for the District of,
Columbia.
• It would seem very obvious, looking to what had
fceen the express sense of the House, and to what
was known to be the public and general feeling
of the people throughout the country—looking
also to the particular circumstances under which
this paper had been referred to that committee—
he would say there could be no doubt that, when
the House should come to decide upon this prop-
osition, it would be carried in the affirmative by
an overwhelming vpte. They all knew, so far as
they knew anything upon this subject, that the
reference which the paper took was by misappre-
hension, or without the understanding of the
House, and they all knew it, unless the House
might be charged with abandoning the ground it
had assumed upon this subject, a charge which
was derogatory to its high character, and which
he would not make or intimate, /t, was but &
week since that the House, by a deckled vote of
about 180 to 30, had determined it would not act
upon petitions of this character, but would lay
them upon the table, with a view that they should
sleep the sleep of death., To Mr. Bf,it was in-
conceivable that,after tha!| vote, the House would
entertain a proposition to give these petitions a
different direction. It was dear that the reference
given to this petition was by mistake and surprise,
and when the House should be able to vote upon
U> then the error would be corrected.   Bring the
paper before the House for its immediate direc-
tion, and when the paper be thus brought properly
before thrm, what would the House do with it?
And lieic lift would beg leave to suggest to the
consideration of the House what was to him most
clear. The honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] fell into a mistake in his
recollection of what had been the course of the
House heretofore. That gentleman referred to
a debate—if the speech of a single member,
made in the course of the last session on a peti-
tion of a similar character, might be so termed—
and Mr. B. understood the gentleman to state, as
most undoubtedly was his recollection, that the
House, on that occasion, had referred the paper
to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia. , Mr. B. had turned to the Journal of that
day, and he found that on that occasion an
honorable member from Virginia, not now a
member qf that House, [Mr.^ Chinn,] moved
that the paper should be laid on the table.
The yeas and nays were called for, and ordered,
and there the paper wasplaced by a decided ma-
jority of the House. There was then none of
the scruples which exist now—no pretense that
the vote was evasive. That decision was then
taken as the clear, distinct, unequivocal sense of
the House, against the propriety of acting upon
fjetitions of that character. The samo course had
ikewise been pursued before the motion made by
the gentleman from, Virginia, to which he had
referred, when previous papers of a like character
had Leen repeatedly presented to the House.
They had passed on to the table of the Speaker
by the silent vote of the House, without having
on any occasion, for the last three or four years,
(save on the occasion to which he had referred,
and that was a speech by a single member last
session,) elicited debate. And here let him again
advert to what must be within the knowledge of
every gentleman there—that these votes of the
House, thus placing upon the table papers of this
character, had at all times been regarded, in the
House and out of it, universally, as an expression
of the House against the propriety of apting on
petitions of this character. Until within the last
few days no one had ever thrown a doubt upon
the subject. Now, for the, first time, they had
been told that, to put a paper on the table, where
it would sleep the sleep of death, was an evasion
of the question! Nobody before ever heard of
such an evasion ! Every one regarded it, as, in
his estimation, they had a right to regard it, as a
most decided and unequivocal decision of t,he
House not to entertain and act upon questions
of that character. The character of this House
could not be mistaken. There were not .fifty
gentlemen jn that body, judging from the votes
given, Vfho desired to agitate this subject or to
act upon petitions of this character. The sense
of the House had been unequivocally, fairly, and
fully expressed by the vote first given, to put the
first petition on the table, and the character of the
House had since undergone no change.
, Efforts, however, seemed to be making to
change the real question to be decided by the
House. It was now said that they must come up
and give a vote of a different character; that they
must either vote that they would not receive peti-
tions of this character, or that, having received
thern, they would put them out of doors; or that
they must come to another question, and vote that
the House had no constitutional authority to re-
ceive and act upon the petitions for the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia. These
(said Mr. B.) were new inventions. Let him
warn the gentlemen of the South, who stood firm
on the vote of 180 to 30 against considering the
first petition, not to change the real question, by
germltting themselves to be drawn into the con-
•pverted position of the powers of that House;
or into the controverted and debatable grounds
whether they ought to reject petitions of this
character; or having received them, ought to
turn them put of doors. If gentlemen from the
South, who sincerely desired, as he knew they
did, the harmony and peace of the whole Union,
if they_ permitted this question to be changed,
they might see from t,he votes of Friday last, and
from the votes of Monday, that no man could
decide, or undertake to predict, what in, .a few
days would be the true character of that House.
Upon the one subject, and upon the pne ground,
they stood firm, by a decided vote of 180 or 190
against 30 or 40 or 50; but upon the other they
would open so wide a field of debate, that ulti-
mately, if he judged correctly of the sense of the
House, his honest conviction was, they would
find themselves in the minority.
Sir, (said Mr. B.,) we go with the South—I speak
for myself—against all agitation on this subject,
and to put down the fanatics of the North. But,
sir, I give it as my own opinion, I do not believe
the freemen of the North, or the freemen of the
South, ought to or will tolerate the idea that they
should not be permitted to present their petitions
to this body; or, that having presented them, in
decent and respectful language, they shall be
driven with scorn from our doors.
Mr. B. appealed particularly to the gentlemen
from the South. There was no necessity to change
their position. They stood firm on the ground
already taken. Why should they change it? For
what good purpose could they desire to ohange the
character of the question, and involve the House
in a difficulty about the right of petition, or in
questions of a debatable and exciting character,
when such a clear sentiment and feeling, both in
and out of the House, and throughout the whole
country, had been elicited? Why would gentle-
men permit themselves to be drawn into other
questions, when the one already assumed and
acted upon was a decisive expression of the true
feelings of the House ? He would warn them,
that if they permitted themselves to be put in
that new position, they would involve themselves,
in difficulties they scarcely dream of, and which,
in his humble judgment, they ought seriously to
deprecate. It was remarked by the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]
that if this question were gone into, every speech
made in that House would furnish an incendiary
pamphlet north of Mason and Dixon's line. In
one sense, Mb. B. could believe that remark a
just one, and in one sense only. It was because
every speech made under such circumstances, by
gentlemen residing north of Mason and Dixon s
line, would be perverted, and misinterpreted, and
misquoted by factious and incendiary prints. It
was; not that every gentleman residing north of
that line would desire to malee a speech of that
character, for he knew that many,a. vast propor-
tion of them—almost in the proportion in which,
the votes of the House had been given—he believed
would deprecate such" a result. But they would
be so misinterpreted and misquoted by the press,
that no one could undertake to say that every
speech made in that House would not be truly
a firebrand thrown into the South. In no other
sense could he agree with the gentleman from
Massachusetts on that subject.
Mr. B. said it had been a matter of sincere as-
tonishment and regret on his part, that efforts
should have been made, undoubtedly under a
strong sense of duty, and under a strong belief,
that it would tend to tranquilize the South, to
procure direct votes of the House upon two
propositions, upon both of which the debate
might be interminable. And would that expres-
sion of the House more operate to tranquilize
the South, even if it were obtained, than the one
already adopted? It was said, that a direct vote
of the House that it would not receive such
petitions, or that, having received them, it would
drive them out of doors or a direct vote of the
House that Congress had no power to legislate
on the subject of slavery within the District of
Columbia, would go far to tranquilize the South,
But what would that vote be? The opinion of
gentlemen sent there for two ydfcrs. And was it
certain that that would be the opinion of the
next House? Would it furnish any sort of as-
surance on that subject? It was asking too
much. It was enough to ask of that House,
and enough for the House to declare, that it
would not act upon the subject. That was rea-
sonable. That was unquestionably the sense of
the House; and it ought to content gentlemen in
every quarter.
The proposition submitted or suggested by the
honorable gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Owens]
did not affirm either point to which he had re-
ferred. It did not affirm that Congress had not
the power; it did not affirm that that House would
