.835.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
cases, at least that he had examined, the ques-
tion had not depended upon the construí tion
of the lpvv , but men, questions of expeditiiry
Now, whither it be erpi_die.it to admit Micliig ut
into the Union was clcarlv not a judmalqiiebt.on,
out it stood upon a difkrent footing She did
not claim to come there and demand to be admit-
ted into the Confederacy upon any question oí
cxpt diency, but she claimed it as a ri ut, bast d
upon the construction of certain law s which made
it purely a legal question, and, therefore, within
the eogmzaace ol the judicial committee, She
based her right upon the constiuction of the or
dinance of lis", and upon on act of Congiess of
1^05,upon which aheputhciovvn mteipruations
These interp etations were disputed, and what
committee of that House more proper for their
investigation than the Judiciary Committee ' He
mentioned, besides that of the gentkmen com-
posing the Committee on the Territories, none
came trom a State west of the Ohio riv er, and this
would oiler another objection to thai committee
He hoped the House would adopt the reference
proposed by his colleague.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, did not thmlc the
subject ought to be referred to the Committee on
the Judicial y He hoped the House would not
at this tune go into any examination of die merits
of the controv ei sv—a controversy he hoped to nee
adjusted to the satisfaction of all pai ties Mr. M
then reftrred to the proceedings in the cases of
Tennessee and Ohio, as recorded in the Journals,
in both of w hich select committees were appointed
Such had been the uniform practice of the House
It was true, that the subject did notappropilately
belong to any one of the committees of the House.
for it was an extraordinary application Taken
altogether, if a select committee was not the ap-
p opnate one, it appeared to him the Committee
on theTeiritoncs was the most appropnate Still,
he hoped the former course w ould be adopted
Mr HOWARD, hav mg made the motion to refer
this matter to the Committee on the Ttrntones,
w ould very bra fl y state his reasons. He thought
30 intricate a subject -should be referred to one of
the regular standing committees of the House, for
th« reasons he had stated when he made the mo-
tion He was aware of the former usage of th<
House, to refer applications for the admission of
new States into the Union to a select committee,
and that that long practice ought not lightly to be
departed from- but, since the admission of the last
State into the Union, the Committee on theTei-
ntones, whose peculiar province he thought this
matter was, had been pigamzed—namely,in J 835
Prior to that year no such committee had existed
id that House. [Mr. H. then desired the Clerk
to icad the resolution uudu which it was oigan-
iz-d ] The non-existence of such a committee
he believed to be the reason why this subject had
been referred to a select committee. That reason,
now ever, no longer existed, and he hoped the
House would suffer it to take the refeience he
thought to be the only appropuate one. Mr H
then referred to the proceedings of the last Con-
?ress on the same subject, to be found in the
ournal of the House, pages 35 and 398 For him
self, (he said,) he was totally indifferent to what
committee the House should send it, believing only
that the v, hole subject should go to the same com-
mittee. It was for that leason he had made the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the House
had departed from the practice settled by the last
Congress, and referred the subject oí the Ohio
ooundary line to a select committee, instead of
to the Committee on the Territories He hoped,
therefore, both subjects would be sent to the
.atter committee
Mr. STORER said, whatever difference of
opinion there might exist among the delegation
from Ohio on other matters, it was with great
pleasure he could say, they weie all united on
this. The question before the House was not
merely whether the constitution sent from the
people of Michigan should be accepted or not.
f thatwas the only question involved, they might
serhaps have little to say. But, here, the north-
west boundary of their State was directly con-
nected with it. It was a part of the acts of the
convention at Detroit to append to their consti-
tution a portion of the territory the State of Ohio
believed to be hers.   The question, therefore, to
be decided by that House was, w here is the north-
webtboundaiv ot the States ot Ohio, Indnna, and
Illinois.' To meet tha* question, Mr S did think
the House ought at omc to adopt the motion of
his honorable colleague. He tiustcd, however,
that, whatever might be the course of argument
on tin piesmt occasion, nothing more would be
snid, as had bem heretofon said and published,
in lclation to the magnitude and resouices of the
State of Ohio, to ciut.li a weak and inefficient Ter-
ntoiy. He could assure the House, the delega-
tion iiom that Stite had no disposition to vaunt
They claimed, and would ckim, nothing more
from that body, or that government, than the
humblest State oi Territory in the Union They
asked nothing more than justice, simple, abstract,
naked justice, and nothing more He would ask
whether the motion was not one that ought to
hive tne unanimous consideration of the House
Why should the subji ct be referred to a select
committee' "Why, it liad been said, that such
had been the unifoun practice of the House heie-
toforc, but he would sav the cas s of Indiani,
Illinois, Mississippi, and Alabama, weredifftKnt
from this Mr S then took a íevicw of the
reasons why such subjects had formerly been
referred to a select committee, and the distinction
in the case under eonsideiation, from the contro-
verted points involved Mr S said the State of
Ohio did not admit the Temtoiy of Michigan
to be a party to this question, but the Govern-
ment of the United States, which they should
hold responsible for every illegal act that had
been done during the controvcisv . He did not
mean to say they should hail Michigan into the
Union as a sister republic, but they should insist
that she should come into the Union as her sisters
had done, and not force h-rself there After
some further remarks in relation to the duties of
the Committee on the Tenitones, which Mr S
contended did not embrace the examination of
this subject, he concluded by earnestly appealing
to the House to adopt the motion of his colleague
by an unanimous vote
Mr. L A.NE also advocated the mo'ion to refer
the subject to the Committee on the Judiciary,
in opposition to the former practice of the House,
which he contended had never had a cause similar
tothepiesent The remai ks of Mr L embiaced
the merits of the controversy, and will be given
hercaftei
ELECTION or CHAPLAIN.
The hour of one having arrived,
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, the
House proceeded to the election of a Chaplain.
Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, nominated the Rev.
Thomas H. Stockton.
I     Mr. R   M. JOHNSON nominated the Rev
Oliver C. Comstock.
Mr. EVANS nominated the Rev. Mr Palfrey
Mr. JOHN Y. MASON nominated the Rev.
Mr. Clark.
I     Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, nominated the
Rev  Mr. Sheer.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD nominated the Rev.
Elias Haruson.
Mr. PINGKNEY nominated the Rev Reuben
Post.
And Mi. CRAIG nominated the Rev. Thomas
i B. Sergeant.
I     Messis. J. THOMSON, R M   JOHNSON,
J. Y. MASON, EVANS, and REYNOLDS of
Illinois, were appointed tellers.
The result was as follows:
First Ballot—Whole number of votes,  197,
necessary to a choice, 99.    Rev. Mr. Comstock,
! 55, Clark, 33, Harrison, 18; Stockton, 31; Sei-
geant,ll,Slicer,10,Post,23,Palfrey8, blanks,8
i     Second Ballot—Whole number of votes, 192;
' necessary to a choice, 97.    Rev   Mr  Comstock,
56, Clark, 29, Harrison, 27, Stockton, 34, Sei
1 geant,12, Slicer,4, Post, 18,Palfrey,5,blanks, 7
Tkird Ballet—Whole number of votes,  185,
1 necessary to a choice, 93.    Rev  Mr Comstock,
! 68; Clark, 23, Harrison, 25, Stockton, 45; Sei-
geant, 9, Post, 10, blanks, 5.
Fourth, Ballot—Whole number of votes, 188,
| necessary to a choice, 95.    Rev. Mr. Comstock,
I 83, Clark, 5, Harrison, 14, Stockton, 73, Sar-
I geant, 5, Post, 3, blanks, 5
rtjlh Ballot — Whole number of votes, 189;
necessary to a choice, 95. Rer. Mr. Comstock,
83, Claik, 1; Harrison, 3, Stockton, 96; Post, 1,
blanks, 5
The Rev. Thomas H. Stockton, of George-
town, having received, on the fifth ballot, a nia-
joiity of votes, was declared duly elected Chap-
Iain to the House of Representatives.
MESSAGE TROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER, by consent, submitted the fol-
lowing message from the Picsident of the United
States.
Washinoto*, Detein£er22,1835
I transmit herewith, for the informition of Congress, a
report from the W ar Department, on the condition of the
Cumberland road in the states ot Illinois and Indiana.
ANDREW JACKSON.
On motion by Mr VINTON, the message and
accompanying documents were referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals, and ordered to
be printed.
COLLECTION OF THE REVENUE.
The SPEA.KER laid before the House a com-
munication fiom the Secietary of the Treasury,
in lefeience to the collection of the public reve-
nue, and the compensation of custom-house
officeis, which,
On motion by Mi   GILLET, was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and oidered to be
printed.
IvORTH CAROLINA CO^ESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER also jiresenü d additional testi-
mony on the contested (lection fiom NoithCar-
olina, which,
On motion by Mr CLAIBORNE, was referred
to the Committee on Elections
The House then adjourned over to Monday
IN SENATE
Monday, December 28, 1835.
Mr LINN presented the following petitions
and memorials.
The petition of William Beaumart, praying fe-
muneiation for his expense of time, labor", and
money, in prosecuting a series of experiments on
the gastric juice, on the person of Alexis San
Martin; which was referred to the Committee on
|  Finance;
|     Papers relative to the claim of John O'Banner,
for compensation on account of depredations com-
I nutted by Sac Indians; which were referred to the
i Committee on Indian Affairs;
Documents in support of the claim of Samuel
Gilbert, for property stolen from him by the Sac
] | Indians; which were referred to the Committee on
| Indian Affairs;
[i The petition of Orris Gay, praying for a pen-
sion; which was íefened to the Committee on
Pensions;
The petition of the inhabitants of the town of
Commerce, Scott county, Missouri, praying for
a new post route; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads;
Documents in support df the claim of captain
Long's   company  of  mounted volunteers,  for
j military services rendered in  1832; which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs;
Memorial of the Legislature of Arkansas, for
the removal of the obstructions to the navigation
| of the White and St. Francis rivei ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce,
Memorial of sundry citizens ofSt Louis,forthe
establishment of marine hospitals on the western
waters; which was refeired to the Committee on
Commerce;
The petition of Robert Walsh, praying permis-
, sion to locate a certificate of two hundred arpents
I of land, under an act for the relief of suffereis by
earthquakes in the county of New Madrid, Avhieh
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and
The memorial of sundry citizens of Missouri,
praying that the navigation of the river St Francis
may be impi oved, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
sundry citizens of Ohio, praying for the estab-
lishment of a new pest route, whirh was lefcned
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
I Roads.
On motion by Mr. TALLMADGE, the petition
