im5.
THB CONGBI^SIONAL GALORE.
53
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Movdot, Dectmber 28, 1835.
Mr. JARVIS, bj unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution, which was agreed
to:
Re«oIr«t, Trnt a committee be appointed, whose dutj it
shVl b* to consider all matters touclnn  the pabhc buildings
and public grounds within the city ol Washington, with
have to report by bill or otherwise
The committee was ordered to consist of nine
members.
Mr LOYALL, on leave, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, which was agreed to
Resoh-tJ. That a committee of three be appointed on the
part of this House, who, together with three persons to be
appointed on the part of the Senate, shall direct the expend
ltnra of the money appropriated fur the Library of Con
gress.
CONSTITUTION OF MICHIGAN.               '
The House resumed the consideration of the
message of the President of the United States,
transmitting a copy of the Constitution Wid other
documents, originating with a convention in the
Territory of Michigan, with a view to the form-
ation of a State government out of said Terri-
tory.
The question pending was that of reference, a
motion having been made to refer the subject to
the Committee on the Territories, and also a
motion to refer to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, said he
would at ail himself of this opportunity to say a
few words on this subject He believed this an
entirely new question—that the House had never,
on any former occasion, entertained one precisely
similar to tins. The general rule, he understood,
was, that when a subject is proposed, although
in some respects it may be new, yet, if it be re-
ferable to any of the standing committees,it ought
to be referred to said committee. This he took to
be the general rule of this House, and it struck
him that this subject ought to go to some one or
other of the standing committees. It seemed to '
be a question whether this subject ought to go to '
the Committee on the Territories, or to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. He thought it ought to be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. This
question, in relation to the boundary of Michigan,
had heretofore been submitted to the Committee
on the Territories, and that committee, after an
investigation of some days, would not take upon
themselves the decision of it, because they con-
sidered it a judicial matter; and íftt wasa judicial
matter then, it is certainly a judicial matter now.
Whenever a question involving any point of law
is to be referred, it is referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. There are involved m this
question various points of law. The gentleman
from Virginia, (Mr John Y. Mason,] saidthatall
precedents were in favor of a select committee.
He asked the gentleman where there was a* in-
stance precisely analogous to the present one. If,
then, it be conceded that the Judiciary Committee
is the correct one to determine all matters of law, it
certainly is the committee to which this subject
should be appropriately referred.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, said a* there seemed
to be some confusion of the question under con-
sideration, he would withdraw his motion to refer
to a select committee. He said, in the eases here-
tofore of the admission of new States, there had
been a law passed authorizing the people to meet
in convention and form a constitution. At present
Michigan has established a constitution, and she
claims itas her right to be admitted into the Union.
He remembered that the Committee on the Ter-
ritories had reported a bill authorizing the people
to do the very thing they have now done, but it
was not considered. The subject now to be in-
vestigated is this Is Michigan entitled to be ad-
mitted as a State into the Union' He said the
boundary question had already been referred to
as able committee, and he hoped the merits of
the question, when they came to be discussed,
would be met in a spirit of liberality and justice
In his mind, the judicial question could haidly be
settled by this House. Michigan asks, as one of
the States, to be admitted into the Union. That
is the question. The boundary question ou°-ht
to be kept separate and distinct. He was dis-
posed to decide thequestion fairly and impartially.
His impression was thai it ought to go to the Com-
mittee on the Territories.
Mr. WHITTLESCY said he w is glad the gen-
tleman from Virginia had withdrawn hia proposi-
tion, refeiriDg this matter to a select committee.
He said the gentleman had fallen into a mistake.
So far from this being an incidental question, it
was the mam question. It is not whether Michi-
gan lias a right to come here and claim admission
into the Union, but it is whether we will give her
the boundaries she prescribes in her own consti-
tution. She claims a tract of country which has
no right to be under her jurisdiction, and this
subject is to be referred to the Committee on the
Territories. Sir, the Committee on the Judiciary
is certainly the most appropriate committee. Will
you refer a subject to the Committee on the Ter-
ritories, which, by their decision, may tiansfer a
great number of citizens of the State of Ohio to
theTerritoiyor State of Michigan' This would
be the consequence of sending this matter to that
committee He said he had as much confidence
in the Committee on the Territories as the gen-
tleman fiom Virginia, but he wished to have them
confined to their appropriate duty, and he hoped
that we should all come to the decision that this
question ought to be refened to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr CORWIN sard, if gentlemen would refer
to the constitution of Michigan which had been
laid on the Speaker's table, they would find that
she asked to be admitted with her boundary es-
tablished, and prescribed by herself. She does
not ask us to alter her constitution, but to admit
her with her boundaries already fixed. What
will be the consequence of admitting this State
into the Union with the boundary prescribed in
her constitution > Why, the direct consequence
will be that Congress will have determined this
to be the proper and true boundary of the State.
Congress has no power to alter her constitution,
and if she is admitted she must be admitted with
her own boundary He thought the Committee
on the Judiciary the most appropriate committee
to refer this matter to. He said if the House ¡
wanted a decision which was to be satisfactory,
let it come from that committee to whom the
nation looks for a legal decision. If it went else-
where, the people would not believe that the
question had been decided by the proper com-
mittee.                                                                       |
Mr. HOWARD said, understanding it to be
the wish of the gentlemen fiom Ohio to get a vote
on their motion for a reference to the Committee 1
on the Judiciary, he would not impede that wish,
though he should himself vote against it. He i
hopea it would be sent to the Ti mtorial Com-
mittee, believing, as he did, that to be the proper
course The delegation from Ohio were said to
be unanimous on this question, and if the House
should consent to the motion of the gentleman
from that State, [Mr. Hamer,] it would perhaps
create distrust in the minds of the people of j
Michigan. Besides, (Mr. H. contended,) this
was nota judicial question. It was a question of
expediency, entirely out of the consideration of
the Judiciary Committee There was no point of
legality involved in it He should vote against
that reference, but for the purpose of accommo-
dating the gentlemen from Ohio, would, for the
present, waive his mouon to refer the matter to ,
the Committee on the Territories, pledging him-
self to renew it, should the House reject, as he
hoped it would, the motion to refer the subject to
the Committee on the Judiciary                              '
Mr REYNOLDS, of Illinois, asked for the
yeas and nays, which were ordered                        Í
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, again
advocated the question before the House, that the
Committee on the Judiciary was the only propei
tribunal to which this subject should be sent         j
Mr. H. EVERETT hoped both Questions, that
of the Ohio boundary line and the Michigan con-
stitution, would be sent to the same committee; I
for the consideration of the one question neces-
sarily embracer! the other. If the question of
boundary was the only one, he would have no
objection to send it to the Committee on the Ter-
ritories; but the other involved matters purely
of a legal character, and of itself would go to the
Judiciary Committee. Being of opinion that both
should go to the same committee, he should vote
in favor of the motion then before the House, to
send the whole subject to the Committee on the
Judiciary. .
The question was then taken on this motion,
and decided as follows.
YEA8—Messrs Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, Ashley,
Bulej, Bend-lev, Kill, Bond, Boon,Bo)d,Brigg^, Cunch,
Johnl all)oin,WiHiam B Calhoun,Campbell,Cnrr,Carter,
Ca ey, Chiney, Child?, Claiborne, Clark, Cleveland, Coles,
Conner, Corwui, Craig, Crane, Darlington.Dal is, Debcrry,
D'un), Evans, Everett, Farlin, Torener, French, Pililo C.
Tullir, Rice Girtind, Graham, Granger, Graves, Grayson,
Grenn 11, Griffin, Hiland Hall, Hinier, Hintmond, Hnnhe-
g-in, Hard, Hardin, Harlan, Harper, Hnzertine, ileister,
Iloir, Howell, Huuley, Hunt, Hunwmii, Jauf>, Jarvw,
Cave JounsOn, Ilenr/ Johnson, Benjamin Jone« Keinion,
kilgo-e, Kinnird, Klingensmith, Lane, Lansing, Lan nee,
Laj, Luke Lea, Lincoln, Luea«, Sampson Mason, Maury,
Mav, McCartv, Mckennon, McLene, Mercer, Milhgan,
Morris, Muhlenberg, Page, Parker, Patter on, Pettigrew,
Phillips, Pincknei, Reed, Uenclier, John Reynolds, Rus-
sell, William B Shepird, Augustine II Sheppcrd, Shields,
Siade, Sloane, Spnngler, Standefer,Storer,Taliaferro, John
Thomson, Y\ addv lhompon, Underwood, Yinton, Web-
ster, Whittlesey, Lewis Williams, Sherrod Williams, and
Wise—113
N YYá—Messrs Adam , Anthony, Barton, Beale, Been,
Benumont, Bovee Brown, Buc'ianan, Burn , Cambreleng,
Chapman, Chapín, Coffee, Cramer, Cushman, Dickerson,
DouMeUaj , Dromgoole, Effner, Tairfield, Fowler, Fuller,
Galbraith, Garland, Gillet, Gla«coek, Hiley, Samuel S
Harrison, Albeit G ltanr.on, Hiynes, Henderson, llolsey,
Hopkins. Howard, Huntington, Ingham. William Jackson,
J-ibsz Jack-on. Joseph Johnson, John W. Jones, Judson,
Lapatte, Lawler, Joshua Lee, Leonard, Loyail, Lyon,
Abijan Mann, Job Minn, Mirtin, John Y Mason, Moses
IWison, McK on, MeKmi, Miller, Montgomery, Morgan,
Owens, Park , Dutee J Pearce. Franklin Pierce, Phelp3,
Joseph Reynolds, Rogers, Schenck, Seymour, Smith,
Sprajue, Taylor, louc-v, Towns, Turnll, Vandcrpool,
Wagoner, Ward, and Weeks—77
So the message of the President of the, United
States, and the accompanying documents, were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF OHIO.
Mr. HOWARD hoped the House would then
take up the motion to reconsider the reference of
the papers on the northern boundary line of Ohio
to a select committee, and he moved a suspension
of the rules for that purpose. The rules were
suspended—ayes 124, noes not counted.
Mr. ADAMS inquired what would be (he eflfect
if the motion to reconsider prevailed >
The CHAIR said it would place the subject in
possession of the House precisely as if no refer-
ence had ever been made.
Mr. BOND said, the very fact that the delega-
tion from Ohio were unanimous on this question,
ought to be a convincing proof of their impar-
tiality and justice It was not that they had any
want of respect for the gentleman at the head of
the select committee, [Mr. Adams,] but the gen-
tleman had before had the subject before him, and
his opinions were known to be unfavorable to one
of the partits in this suit. There was, therefore,
a manifest propnety, in his opinion, why that
committee should not have chaige of this matter.
Besides, this was a legal and judicial question,
involving controverted points on ordinances and
acts of Congress, and was one properly belong-
ing to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. ADAMS would have veiy little to say on
the question of reconsideiation, for if the House
should see fit to reconsider, and give the subject
a different reference, it would relieve him and his
colleagues on the select committee from a most
painful and laborious duty. But a1  the gentle-
man from Ohio had referred to Mr. A.'s opinion
on this subject, he felt himself compelled to make
a few remarks. Mr A. referred to the proceed-
ings of the committee on the bill from the Senate,
settling the Ohio boundary line last session. That
committee consisted of seven members, and six
out of the seven were of opinion that the State
of Ohio had no right to the disputed territory,
but they believed that Michigan was entitled to
it by every law, human and divine. Since that
time transactions of great moment to the peace
and welfare of the whole Union had occurred.
The State of Ohio, by her legislative and execu-
tive authorities, had undertaken to settle this ques-
tion by main force. She had brought out her
armies in array to settle this question, and if those
armies had not been met by the adverse and hos-
tile armies of the other party, it had been more
owing to the discretion of the President of the Uni-
ted States than to the discretion of either of the
parties in this controversy. Under these cir-
cumstances, his friend from Ohio would permit
