a®
mé mmtftmmAV &Lom
December 20;
A bitl providing for the execution of certain ||
smveysof the uiblic lands.                                      I
RCSOLTJTIOXS   AGREED TO.
The three resolutions submit'ed yesterday by
Air. Hevpuices were severally considered and
agreed to                                                                       i
JAMES BiRHOX'S PATENT.                  |
The bill to extend the patent right of James
Birron was lead the second tune, and considered
as in Committer of the Whole, and ordered to a
thud reading
NEWSPAPERS FOR SENATORS.
The joint resolutionfi-r the supply of the Senate
with newspapers was considered; and after some
remaika in opposition to it fiom Mr. King, of
Georgia,and an ineffectual motion by Mr. Knic.ht
to lay it on the utile, it was ordered to be en-
giossed—yeas 31, nays 7.
After the consideration of executive business,
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tcesdai, December %), 1835.
The Hon. Eli Moore, of New Yoik.attenued
and was qualified.
THE APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. CAMBRELENG remarked, that he was
instructed by the Committee of Waysand Means
to report several appropriation bills. He would
move to suspend the rule, in order to afford an
opportunity to the standing committees generally
to report
Mr MERCER objected to the motion. Sev-
eral of the committees huid, at tins time, no busi-
ness before them
The motion was disagreed to
Mr. CAMBRELENG then moved to suspend
the rule, for the purpose of enabling the Commit-
tee of Wajs and Means to report, and have
printed, ccitaiii appropriation bills.
This motion was also negatived—ayes 93, noes
3D—two thuds, being necessary
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Miw< ADAMS, LAWRENCE, BORDEN,
GRENNELL, RCED, HOAR, JACKSON,and
PHILLIPS, of Massachusetts
Mi   PEARCE, of Rhode Island.
AU«i&. TOUCEY, INGHAM, HALEY,and
JUDSON, of Connecticut
[Mi Judsov picsented the petitions ot the
mayoi, alderman, &e , of the city of Norwich,
piaymg that the city of Norwich be constituted a
poitofentiy, which wtie referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.]
Messrs. EVERETT, ALLEN, and HALL,
of Vermont
Messrs. WARDWELL, CAMBRELENG,
McKEON, TURR'LL, CRAMER, BEARDS-
LEY, BROWN, VANDERPOEL, CHAPÍN,
MASON. LAY, CHILDS, HUNT, BOCKEE,
W K FULLER, HUNTINGTON, WARD,
HAZELTINE, GILLET, and LANSING, of
Now Yoik.
[Mi CvmbrelEwg presented the memorial of
sundiy merchants of the city of New York, suf-
ferers in the late lire there. The memorial (said
Mi. C ) was long,and contained much useful and
important information in relation to the laws of
the country, applicable to this subject. The sub-
feet had been already reported on; but the me-
monal would be found to embiace some points
not included in that bill. With permission of
the House, Mr C. would take that oppoitunity
of saying, that he should have called up that bill
before, had it not been for the receipt of this me-
mpnal, and the expectation that a committee of
the citizens would be in personal attendance on
the subject. In consequence of that, he had not
called the attention of the House to the bill, and
should not probably do so before Monday next.
In the mean time, he hoped the New York com-
mittee would be on here. As the memoria) was
long, he should move that so mur-h of it as had
been already reported on be referred to theCpiri-
■miltee of the YVhole on the state of the Union,
ar>d so much as dors not relate to the provisions
of that bill be referred  to the Committee of
Ways ind Means, and that the whole memorial
be punted, which motion was agiecd to
[Mr Tt rrill piesentod a pit'tion, asking for
an appi opnation to construct a h u !>oi at the mouth
of St  Joseph's nvei, on Liki Michigan
Also, several petitions for the construction of
a harbor at the mouth of Eighteen Mile creek,
in the county of Niagara, New York,
A petition asking for an appropnrtion to im-
prove the harbor at the mouth of Salmon river,
in the county of Oswego, Nc w York,
Also, a petition asking foi an appropnttion
to construct a ship canal íound the Falls of Ni-
agara ]
Mr PARKER, of New Jersey.
Messrs. McKENNAN, MILLER, WAGEN-
ER, MUHLENBERG, BCAUMONT.CLARK,
HARPER, DENNY, ANTHONY, HARRI-
SON, HCISTER, HUBLEY, and LAPORTE,
of Pennsylvania,
Messrs THOMAS, HOWARD, McKIM,
and PEARCE, of Maryland;
Messrs ROBERTSON, McCOMAS, CRAIG,
ROULDIN, BEALE, JOHNSON-, LOYALL,
TALIAFERRO, MORGAN, MERCER, GAR-
LAND, JONES, WISE, DROMGOOLE, MA-
SON, and CLAIBORNE, of Virginia;
Messrs. GRAHAM and W. B. SHEPARD,
of North Carolina.
[Mr. W. B. Shepabd presented the memorial
of the president, directors, &c. of several of the
banking institutions in the District of Columbia,
praying an extension of the charters of said in-
stitutions, which he moved be referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.]
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, submitted the
following motion in reference to the foregoing
memorials:
Raohcrl, That a select committee be appointed to in-
quirí into the condition of the currency of Hie District of
Colnni'nd, to whom shall be referred the memorial now
presented, and all other memorials which shall be presented
to Congres  at its prcstnt session, priving for an extension
of the charters oi the existing binkg in sairl District, or for
the establishment of any other bank or banks in their stead ,
and that said committee be authorized to act m conjunction
with any similar committee which may bo appointed on the
p-irt ot the Senate, to inspect the books and examine into
the proceedings of said banks, to ascertain whether their
chatters have b"en violated or not, and whether any abuse*
or m il practices have existed in their management, and to
send for persons and papers, to examine witnesses on oath,
aad to appoint a clerk to record their proceedings.
The SPEAKER said, as there were two propo-
sitions to refer, which were likely to give rise to
discussion, the subject must, under the rule, lie
over one day.
Memorials, (fee. were further presented by
Messrs. PINCKNEY, HAMMOND, PICK-
ENS, and THOMPSON, of South Carolina-,
Messrs. GLASCOCK and COFFEE, of Geor-
'Messrs. WILLIAMS, FRENCH, JOHNSON,
UNDERWOOD, HARLAN, GRAVES, and
ALLAN, of Kentucky;
Messrs. JOHNSON, DUNLAP, SHIELDS,
CARTER, STANDIFER, the SPEAKER, and
LEA, of Tennessee
[Mr Q, Johnson presented the petition of Bev-
erly Herrín and others, asking the right of pre-
emption for the lands upon which they reside,
on the Salt Lick reservation, in the counties of
Humphreys and Henry, which was referred;
Also, the petition of James Barret, asking^on-
firmation of his claim in the Territory of Arkan-
sas; 
Also, the "laim of------Burnet, claiming com-
pensation for a horse lost in the Seminole cam-
paign.
Mr Shields presented the petition of Tho-
mas F McCanlass, praying compensation for a
horse lost in the military service of the United
States, during the late war between this country
and Great Britain',
Also, the petition of David MeCanlass, for
compensation for prop>rty lost in the same Ser*
vice; which, without bein| read, on motion of
Mr. Shields, were referred to the Committee on
Claints.
Also, the petition of Mrs-. Ann Anderson,
praying indemnity for property destroyed «nd
taken by the Cherofcee Indians m 1787; which,
on motion of Mr. Séhelds, without bein* read,
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.]
Messrs. MASON, CRANE, THOMPSON,
KENNON, STORER, BOND, P VTTERSON,
CORWIN, WHITTLESEY, McLENE, WEB-
STER, and KILGORE, of Ohio.
[Mr Patterson presented pc'itions from the
citizens of the State of Ohio, praying for the con-
stitution of a road from Lower Sandusky, in the
State of Ohio, to the Greenville treaty line
Also, a petition for the improvement of the har-
boi at the mouth of Vermilion river on Lake
Erie, in the State of Ohio, also, foriomoving the
s md-bar at the mouf of Sandusky bay; also,
for improving the harbor at Port Clinton on Lake
Erie, also, for removihg the bar near the mouth
of Huron river; also, for improving the mouth
of Sandusky river; also, for a beacon light on
Cedar point, at the mouth of Sandusky bay, also,
for a mail route from Bucyrus, in Crawford
county, to Tiffin, in Seneca county; also, from
Jeromeville, in Wayne county, to Runner's, in
Richland county; also, fi om Pei rysburg, in Wood
county, to Bucyrus, in Crawford county, also,
from Perrysburgh in Wood county, to Melmore,
in Seneca county; also, from Sandusky city to
Finley, in Hancock county; also, from New
Haven, in Huron county, to Resden, in Marion
county; also, from Tiffin, in Seneca county, to
Sandusky city, in Huron county;
Also, the petition of Henry St. John, for re-
muneration for property lost in the late war;
Also, the petition of Ebenezer Smith, who
prays for a pension on acconrtt of Wounds re-
ceived in the late war;
Also, the petition of Tilomas Spratt, who asks
to be placed on the pension list.]
Mr JOHNSON, of Louisiana;
Messrs. LANE, HANNEGAN, KINNARD,
CARR, BOON, McCARTY, and DAVIS, of
Indiana.
[Mr. Hanjtegaií presented the following pe-
titions: For a post route from Toledo, in the State
of Ohio, through Indiana, to Juliet, in the State
of Illinois; for a post route from the town of Elk-
heart, in Indiana, to Bronson, in Michigan; for
a post route from White Pigeon, in Michigan
Territory, to the town of Elkheart, in Indiana.
Mr. Kintíard presented the petition of Christian
Shell, alleging depredations committed on his
property by the Miami and Pottawatomie Indians,
in the State Of Indiana; also, the memorial of Dr.
David H. Maxwell, claiming compensation for
medical services rendered to the United States
Rangers of the Indiana Territory, in 1613 and 1834
Mr. Dav*s presented the petition of Thomas
Holder, ¿nd some additional vouchers in the claim
of Francis Vigo  of Knox county, Indiana.
On motion of Mr. Carr, the petition of E. La-
landes, the petition of Robert Farmer, thepetitiori
of Joshua Kennedy, ond the petition of Thomas
G. Newbolds, were referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims; also, the petition of the
heirs of Jacob Smith, deceased, on the flics of the
House, was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.]
Messrs. CASEY, MAY, and REYNOLDS,
of Illinois;
{Mr. Casey presented the memorial of the Leg-
islature of Illinois, ijraying the establishment of
ports of entry on the Wabash river,and at other
points in said State; referred to the Committee,
on Commerce, also, the petition of sundry citizens
of Vermilion county, in the State of Illinois,
praying for an appropriation of land to improve
the road fiom Chicago by Danville, Paris, Darwin,
and Palestine, to Vmcennes, in Indiana, referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. Mat presénjéd the following petitions,
among others, all of winch were referred to the
appropriate committees:
The petition of Albion T. Crow, praying re-
muneration for the loss, of a stable, which was
destroyed by fire whilst in possession of the troops
in the service of the United States.
Also, the petition of the coonly commissioner*
or^o Daviess connty^raytngrJerrrtfssionto éfíiet,
Uilder certain conditions, for county Btau-poses, a
section of land embracing the town or Galena.
Also, the petitions of John Scott, Michael
Thornton, Jarre Scammahorn, James Trtrfnble,
Isaac B Essex, Thomas W. Taylor, liuneS Ba-
iter, and Daniel Bush.]
Mr. Reyxold* presented the claim of Reherí
