56                                      THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                      December 80,
thereof, reported the same without amendment; !
which was read.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Anairs, to which the subject had been
referred, reported a bill for the relief of General
Daniel Newman; which was read, and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. EWING, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which had been referred the bill to di-
vide the Green Bay land district in Michigan,
reported the same without amendment.
On motion by Mr. PRESTON, the memorial
of Thomas Tenant and others, of Baltimore, on
the files of the last session, was again referred to
the Committee on Finance.
BILL  INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. SHEPLEY, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave,and introduced a bill in
addition to die acts concerning drawbacks; which
was read twice and referred.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, leave was
granted to Thomas D. Anderson to withdraw
!us petition and documents from the files of the
Senate.
Mr. TIPTON, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced a bill
for the relief of Andr.'w Knox; whicli was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
Mr. LINN gave notice that he would to-mor-
row ask leave to bring in the following bills:
A bill for the relief "of Robert Abbott, and the
 ther heirs of James Abbott, deceased;
A bill for issuing certain land patents at Green
Bay, and for other purposes; and,
A bill for the relief of Jared W. Beeson, and
others.
REDUCTION OF DUTIES—THE TARIFF.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the resolution sub-
mitted yesterday by Mr. Calhocx, instructing
lh  Committee on ^lanufactllres to report on what
articles the duties can be repealed, consistently
with a due regard to the manufacturing interest.
Mr. DAVIS said he should make no objections
to the passage of the resolution, as, from an
examination of the tenor of it, he conceived its
object to be only financial.
Mr. CLAY said he would be glad if the Senator
from South Carolina would consent to word the
resolution so as to institute an inquiry, instead of
instructing the committee to report. He thought
that the Senator from South Carolina and himself
would not.Drobably, finally difieras to the object
in view. It woultí be discovered, by any one
looking into the report of the Secretary, that the
two principal subjects on which these duties are
now received are wines and silks, articles very :
proper to bear the collection of duties. His rea-
sons for wishing an inquiry instead of instructions
to the committee, were, that in the event of the
passage of another bill, (the one he had intro-
duced yesterday,) it might be found necessary to
retain these duties on wines and silks in order to
afford an abundant supply for the financial wants
of the country.
Mr. CALHOUN said that he apprehended that
the resolution was already framed so as to meet
the views of the gentleman. It directed the Com-
mittee on Manufactures to report on what articles
the duties could, in their opinion, be reduced,
without injury to the manufacturing interest.
That committee, the proper guardians of the
manufacturing interest, would first make the in-
quiry, and report before Congress could act.
The resolution was here read. He certainly con-
ceived that the committee should, before reporting,
institute a strict inquiry into what duties could
l>e reduced consistently with the manufacturing
interest. He thought he could then say to the
Senator from Kentucky, that if his land bill should
pass, there would still be enough, and more than
enough, in the Treasury to meet all demands on
it. Hi; repeated, without fear of contradiction,
that (here were upwards of twenty millions of sur-
plus in the Treasury, and that the next year there
would be, including the amount to be received
from the Bank of the United States,upwards of
thirty millions. l*n introducing this resolution,
he had iii vi':w one great object—to throw back
to the people the immense surplus in the Treas-
ury. His next object was, looking to the ap-
proaching crisis of 1845, to make such reductions
as would avoid difficulties with the manufacturing
interests. He had looked further, for he was
friendly to the manufacturing interest. He be-
lieved that every cent that could be taken from
the taxes would benefit that interest, forit would
cheapen production and open at a shorter period
the foreign market to American industry.
Mr. CLAY said, that between the Senator from :
South Carolina and himself, there was noessential
difference. Like that gentleman, he had looked
a little into the financialcondition of his country,
and was satisfied that there would be a surplus
in the Treasury of twenty-one or twenty-two
millions for this year, and that for the next, with
the funds accruing from the Bank of the United
States, there would be a surplus of thirty millions.
He concurred with him entirely as to the pro-
priety of dispensing with every tux not necessary
for the expenses of the Government, consistently
with a due regard to the manufacturing interest.
His objection, however, to the resolution was,
that itlooked solely to the manufacturing interest,
without regarding the finances. How many of
the forty-eight Senators (he asked) had considered
the financial condition of the country with the
same attention as the Senator from South Carolina,
and were satisfied that all the taxes not necessary
for the manufacturing interest could be dispensed
with, withoutsome eorrespondingembarrassment
in our finances? With these views he was satis-
fied that the resolution ought to be in the form
of au inquiry, instead of instructions to the com-
mittee, and he therefore moved an amendment
to that effect.
At the request of Mr. Calhoun-, Mr. Clat sub-
sequently withdrewthe motion, and the resolution
was adopted.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON THE LIBRARY.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Franklin, their Clerk,
stating that the House had passed a joint resolu-
tion for the appointment of a Committee on the
Library ;and that the House had appointed Messrs.
Lotall, McKEAN,andWADDTTHOMPsow,as the
committee on their part, and
On motion by Mr. ROBBINS,
The resolution was concurred in, and Messrs.
Prestox, Porter, and Robbi.vs were chosen, by
ballot, as the committee on the part of the Senate. ,
THE PATENT OFFICE.                       j
Mr. RT7GGLES submitted the following reso- j
Iution; which lies on the table one day:                   [
Rnohei, That a committee, to consist of three, he ap-
pointed to take into consideration the state and condition
of the Patent Office, and the laws relating to the issuing of
patents tor new and nselul inventions and discoveries.
PRIVILEGES OF SENATE CHAMBER.
Mr. PRESTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies on the table one day:
Retained, Tbat the regulation in relation to the Senate
Chamber, adopted at the present session, be rescinded, ex-
cept so much of it a  relates to the reporters.
JAMES BARRON.
The bill to extend the patent rights of James
Barron was read the third time and passed.
BILLS,  ETC.,  POSTPONED.
The bill to repeal the first and second sections
of the act to limit the term of office of certain ofij-
cers therein named, and for other purposes, was ;
read the second time,and, on motion by Mr. Cal-
houn, postponed to, and made the special order
of the day for the second Monday in January.
The bill to regulate the deposits of the public
money was also read the second time, and post-
poned to, and made the order of the day for the
same day.
The joint resolution to amend the Constitution
of the United States was read the second time,
and, on motion by Mr. CALHOUN, postponed
to, and made the order of the day for the third
Monday in January.
BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills wore severally read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and referred:                                           j
The bill for the payment of a debt due to the
heirs of Antoine Peltier;                                            '.
The bill for the payment of a debt due to Joseph
Boey;
The bill for the payment of a debt duo to Pierre
Menard;
The bill providing for the execution entry of
the surveys of certain public lands; and
The bill confirming the title of Joseph Sorin,
alias La Rochello,and those claiming under him,
to a tract of land in Missouri.
BOYS FOR THE NAVY.
The bill to provide for the enlistment of boys
in the naval service wan, on motion by Mr.
SOUTHARD, laid on the table.
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The following bills were severally lead  the
second time, anil considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed  for a
1 third reading:
| The bill concerning writs of error in the courts
of the United States, under the revenue laws of
the United States;
The bill authorizing the President of the United
States to cause to be run and marked the liue
dividing the territory of the United States from
the State of Missouri; and
The bill for the relief of Henry B. Tyler, ex-
ecutor of Lieutenant Colonel Richard B. Smith,
deceased.
HARBOR AT MICHIGAN CITY.
The CHAIR announced a communication from
the Secretary of War, covering a report from the
Topographical Bureau, relative to the construc-
tion of a narbor at Michigan City, Indiana, made
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate;
and
On motion by Mr. TIPTON, it was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
WALTER LOOMIS AND ABEL GAY.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to which the same had been
referred, reported without amendment the bill for
the relief of Walter Loomis and Abel Gay.
PETER H. GREEN.
Mr. SWIFT, from the Committee on Claims,
to which the subject had.been referred, reported
a bill for the relief of Peter H. Green; which was
read and ordered to a second reading.
TOPOGRAPHICAL CORPS—REORGANIZATION.
Mr. BENTON, fn pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced a bill
to provide for the better organization of the corps
of United StatesTopographical Engineers; which
i was read and ordered to a second reading.
|               PETITIONS, ETC, PRESENTED.
Mr. LINN presented the following petitions
and memorials:
A memorial from Captain Henry Smith, of the
United States Army, praying for an allowance of
I compensation  for the disbursement of certain
! moneys for the United' States.
I     Five petitions from the inhabitants ofdiffcrent
parts of Michigan, praying Congress to inakean
■ appropriation to improve the harbor at the mouth
; of St. Joseph's river, of Lake Michigan.
; A memorial from sundry citizens of Michigan,
¡ praying for the establishment of anew land office
: in the northern sections of the State of Michigan;
and
The petition of S. Street, arid others, praying
for a preemption in the purchase of certain lands
in Michigan; all of which were referred to the
appropriate committees.
After  the consideration of executive business,
the Senate adjourned.                                          *
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 30, 1835.
¡ Mr. BEARDSLEY said it was within the
I recollection of the House, that a few days sinfcq,
he had moved that the gentleman who had pre-
sented himself there as a Representative from
what was called the State of Michigan, be per-
mitted to occupy ft seat on the floor during the
sitting of the House. It seemed due from him-
self that he should ask the House to consider
