m*.
i
ixffimmmmox al g&gbe>
m
that motion; but before doing so, he wished to
susrgcst that he designed to modify his proposi-
tion, by merely asking the House to permit that
gentleman to come within the Hall during the
sitting of the House in the character of a spec-
tator; that, he trusted, would be acceptable to the
whole House; and he had done it with reference
to former precedents, particularly that of the'
State of Tennessee. Mr. B. then sent his mod-
ified proposition to the Chair, to be read from the
Clerk's table for the information of the House,
which was as follows:
Rewired, That Uvac E. Cmitr, who claims to have
been duly elected a member of tan House, be admitted as
a spectator within the Hall dunnzthe sittings of this House.
Objection being made, Mr. Beard&let moved
to suspend the rules of the House, to enable him
to make the motion, and asked for the yeas and
nays ; which were ordered, and which were as
follows :
YEA3<—Mesan. Adams, Ashlev, Bailey, Barton, Bean,
Beardtjcy, Bockec, Boon, Borden, Bovee, Boyd, Briggs,
Brown, Buchiina, Cambreleu<r, Campbell, Chapman, Cha-
pín, Chillis, Claiborne, Clark, Cl"\?!ind, Connor, Corwin,
Craig, Cramer, Crane, dishing, CuMiman, Darlington, De-
barry, Oickerson, Doubled; -, Úromsoele, EtTner, Everett,
Fairfield, Karlin. Piulo C. Fuller, Gjlbraith, James Gar-
land, Rice Garland, GiUet, Gla-eock, G^uger, Grenuell,
Haley, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Hard, í*a'nuel S. Harrison,
AlbertG. Harrison, Haynes, Hnzeltine, Henderson, Heister,
Hoar, Howard, Howell, Hubley, Hunt, Huntington, lag-
ham, William Jocksou, Jahcz Jackson, Jane>, Joseph
Johnson, Richard M. Johnson, Ci\e Johnson, Hen rj John
«on, John \V Jone--. Judsort, Kcnnon, Kilgore. Lane, Lan-
sing, Laporte, Lawler, Lawrence, Lav, Thomas Lee,
Leonard, Lincoln, Loyall, Lyon, Atujan Mann, Job Mann,
Martin, William Ma-oa, Mct-es Ma on, Sampson "Mason,
Maury, MeComas, McKej, McKennan, MrKeon, MeK.m,
Miller, Montgomery. Moore. Morris, Muhlenberg, Owens,
Page, Parker, Parks, Patterson, Frankhn Pierce, Dutee J.
Pearce, Phelps, Phillips, Potts. Read, Joseph Reynolds,
Roane, Roger , Si.henck, Sejinour, Siadc, Sloane. Smith,
Sprague, Storer,Taliaferro, Thomas, John Thomson. Tou-
eey, Turner, Turrill. Vanderpoel, Wegener, Wardwell,
Weeks, and Whittlesey—143.
NAYS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Beale, Bond, Bunch,
John Calhoon, William D. Calhoun, Carr, Carter, Casey,
J. Chambers, Coles, Davis, Denny, Evans, Forester,
French, Graham, Graves, Grayson, Gnffin, Hammond,
Haanegan, Hopkins, Huntsman, Jams, Kmnard, Luke '
Lea, Lucas, May, McCarty, McLenc, Mercer, Morían,
James A. Pearce, Petugrew, Pickens, Pinckncv, John
Reynolds,Russell,William B.Shepard, \ngustinell Shep-
perd, Slirelds, Standefer, Waddv Thompson, Underwood,
Lewis Wulianis, and Staerrod Wuhan —47.
So the House determined to suspend the rules. '
Mr. BEARDSLEY then moved the foiegoing ',
resolution; which was agreed to.                            |
BANKS IN* THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The House resumed the consideration of the
petitions presented yesterday by Mr.W. B. Shep-
ard, from sundry banks in the District of Colum-
bia, praying an extension of their charters.
A motion having been made to refer the peti-
tions to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, Mr. Thomas, of Maryland, moved to send
them to a select committee, with instructions.
Mr. THOMAS modified his proposition as fol-
lows:
Raolvei, That a select committee be appointed to in-
quire into the condition of the currency of the District of
Columbia, to whom shall be referred all other memorials
which may be presented to the present Congress, praying
for an extension of the charters of the existing banks in
said District of Columbia, or for the establishment of any
other bank or banks in their stead, and to examine into the
condition of the currency of said District; to inspect the
books and to examine into the proceedings of said banks,
to ascertain whether tbeir charters have been violated or
not, and whether any abuses or mal-practices have existed
in their management; to sand for persons and papers, to
examine witnesses on oath, and to appoint a clerk to record
their proceedings.
Mr. SHEPARD said that the present question
Was more a question of propriety and fitness than
anything else. It was for the House of Repre- '
sentatives to say whether they would take this
matter from a standing committee, and refer it to
a select committee. He said the House could
judge of the propriety of doing that as well with-
out argument as with it. It was not for him to
say, whether the Committee for the District could
perform the duty as well as a select committee.
To show the entire uselessness of the motion of
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Thomas,] he
held in his hand a letter from thepresident of one
of the banks, requestingthat the Committee for the
District would appoint some of their members to
investigate fully the affairs of the banks. It
seemed to him, that the gentleman could have ob¿
tained his object by moving instructions to the
CWnrrtittee for the District. If this was doite-, he
would pledge himself to the House, that any
queries which .(ho gentleman Would put to him
should be put to the banks of the District and
answered, and then it would b* for that gentleman
to say whether they were answered properly or
not. It was a question of propriety for this
House to say Whether it would take from the
Committee for the District of Columbia that busi-
ness which legitimately belonged to -it, and send
it to another committee. If the House has no
confidence in the Committee for the District, let it
say so. He, however, as a member of that com-
mittee, was willing to examine the banks' of the
District as scrupulously as he could.
Mr. THOMAS said that justice to himself made
it proper to remind the House of an occurrence
in the last Congress connected with this question.
There were four banks in the District that stop-
ped specie payments in 1834, two of which are
now asking a recharter. In 1835 these banks
memorialized this body for the passage or a law
to recharter them. It was but justice to the city
that we should act uriderstandingly on this matter,
that an inquiry should be instituted to ascertain
the causes of these failures. But he said'that,
without objection from him, the memorials of the
last session were referred to the Committee for
the District; the subject was taken up by that
committee, but no investigation was had. He
said he then, under a deep sense of duty to his
constituents, gave a promise that if this subject
was put off to another Ression of Congress, he
would make it his business to examine into the
state of these banks. Now, if you send this
matter to the Committee for the District, you send
it to a committee which has prejudged the ques-
tion. UndiT these circumstances he felt it to be
his duty to ask of the House a select committee.
He said if it was proper for the House to refer
matter in relation to the Territories to a select
committee, it was proper, he thought, to refer this
matter to a select committee. He said the Chief
Magistrate had called the attention of Congress
to the question of currency, and he therefore con-
ceived it a very important one; and asked of the
House a committee, whose especial duty it should
be to make a thorough investigation of the matter.
Mr. BOULDIN said, as a member of the Com-
mittee for the District, he did not wish to take
upon himself very arduous duties, but he was as
willing to take up and go through with the inves-
tigation as the gentleman. He said the commit-
tees were appointed by the Speaker, and he could
not see the difference between them. The greatest
objection is, that the chairman of the Committee
for the District has had this matter before him, at
the last session. This he thought was a favor-
able circumstance, because that gentleman must
have more knowledge of the business than he
otherwise could have. He said that he was ready
to go into an investigation without any prepos-
sessions, and was willing to investigate the mat-
ter as thoroughly as the gentleman from Mary-
land, or any other gentleman.
Mr. VANDERPOEL Baid that fie, as a mem-
ber of the District Committee, cherished no pride
of jurisdiction, and was therefore willing, for his
part, to dispense with the pleasure and honor of
making the investigation into the past doings of
the banks in the District, which was contemplated
by the resolution of the honorable gentlenlan
from Maryland, [Mr. Thomas.] He did not be-
lieve that the proposition of that honorable gentle-
man was founded in a distrust of the capacity of
the District Committee to make the necessary
examination, nor upon any apprehension that
they felt indisposed to do so. The duties of the
District Committee were very onerous; and though
willing, as a member of that committee, to per-
form, to the utmost of his humble ability, every
duty that might be imposed upon him, yet as he
could, as he thought, be otherwise more; profit-
ably employed in his public capacity, he would for
his part rather be excused from the labor of in-
quiring into the details of the past operations of
the District banks. He thought that a select
committee could be raised every way compe-
tent to execute this duty, and that the Committee
for the District, pressing, important, and multifa-
rious as were the calls upon its attention, could
spend its time in the execution of duties in a
marfinef better calculated to-sdbsCTfeithe public
interest, than would be the rfntyor fésfe of wading
for days and weeks, if not for months, through
the books and ledgers of the banks within' the
District.
It would be recollected that some of thrtse banks
suspended payment and closed their doors two
years ago. Yes, when'the tocsin of alarm and
distress and panic was sounded from one extreme
of the coimtry to the other, it had been insinu-
ated by some, ehat these bankB had lent their still
small voices to aid that momentous Occasion. He
(Mr. V.) woutd not undertake to state1, or even
insinuate this. The banks may have had most
justifiable reasons for suspending specie pay-
ments; but after what had occurred, it was most
emphatically proper that a strict scrutiny should
lie made into the past doings of these institutions,
before we gave them any renewed pledge of otir
confidence. Should the result prove that the
banks in this District should have been improvi-
dently rechartered, the constituents of the gentle-
man from Maryland, from their proximity to
these banks, and from their constant business
intercourse with the region where they would
operate,'would be more exposed to loss than the
constituents of those gentlemen who resided at a
greater distance; and since the gentleman from
Maryland, from a sense of duty to his constit-
uents, seemed to be anxious to look into the past
doings of the banks within this District, he (Mr.
V.) thought it but just and reasonable that he
should be grained.
Mr. V. had stated that the District Comrnitteo
would have a great deal to do. ' Yes; he was
justified in saying so, when lie stated that the
District was reeling and staggering under a dellt
to the subjects of a foreign potentate of nearly
two millions of dollars! And he confidently as-
serted that that committee would be obliged to
put in requisition all its industry, and all its in-
ventive powers, to devise ways and means to save
this great nation the degradation of* having their
Capitol sold to the countrymen of his forefathers.
They were, to be sure, the countrymen of his
(Mr. V.'s) ancestors, but still his American feel-
ing was very much disturbed at the idea of being
sold out to foreigners. In further proof of the
assertion, that the duties of the District Cobimit-
tec were heavy enough to engross all their time
and attention, he would state that, a few years
ago, n special committee was appointed to revise
the laws of the District. They had sat during
the recess of Congress, and have reported acode
of laws which filled a pretty large volume, and
which was not yet acted upon by the House. A
few days ago a special committee was raised m
relation to that part of the President's message
which relates to the bequest of an English gen-
tleman, made to this District. For these reasons
he would vota to refer this matter to a select com-
mittee.
Mr. McKBNNAN said he wished to make a
few remarks, for the purpose of correcting a mis-
take into which the gentleman from Maryland
had fallen, and into which the gentleman from
New York appeared willing to fall also, respect-
ing the course pursued by.the Committee for the
District of Columbia at the last session of Con-
gress. Mr. McK. had the honor of being a mem-
ber of that committee; and he had in charge the
bills reported by that committee for rechartering
certain banks in the District. The gentleman
from New York appeared to yield to the charge,
that that committee had acted precipitately on
the subject. To this Mr. K. did not assent.
The charge was not properly founded; there was
no precipitancy, and the bill itself would satisfy
the House, that there was no intention on the
part of the committee to recharter these banks
without the most searching inquiry made into
their situation and their conduct. It would be
recollected that the charters of the Bank of Wash-
ington, the Bank of the Metropolis, the Patriotic
Bank, and the Farmers and Mechanics' Bank of
Georgetown, expired in March,'1836, and there
being no time during the last session to give this
subject a full investigation, the committee had re-
ported a bill to recharter those banks for one
year only, for the convenience of those cities, and
to afford an opportunity to the present Congress
to make the most searching investigation.    That
