fSÍÍS.
TOE CONaRBSMONAL GO>BE.
«1
there should be a thorough investigation into the
condition and circumstances of all these institu-
tions before the House should act on an applica-
tion for the renewal of their charters.
The inquiry now was, by what organ the House
should make the proposed examination. By
many gentlemen it was supposed that this matter
was one of especial reference to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and the rule of the
House had been read for the purpose of show-
ing that that would ordinarily be the course.
But the 62d rule, as it appeared to him, even
if construed in the strictest manner, or in the
most liberal manner, could not be supposed to
embrace subjects of this character. The rule
said it should be the duty of that committee '' to
take into consideration all petitions, matters, or
things touching the said District," &c. This
referred to matters and things that per se related
wholly to the District, and to nothing out of it,
and were within the range of its ordinary affairs.
But was this petition from the District, or relat-
ing to the District as a District? In no sense
whatever. It was a petition, it was true, for the
recharter of certain banks within the District,
but in no sense concerned the rights of the citi-
zens at large; for the citizens of the District and
adjacent country and the whole community were
equally interested in the subject. It was not a
petition of the District within the words or the
spirit of the rule. Subjects of daily occurrence
which sprung up, touching matters in which the
District alone was concerned, were properly re-
ferable to this committee, within the spirit and
words of the rule. This, he repeated, was not
a matter affecting the District in any sense what-
ever, for it affected the citizens there in common
with those of the country adjacent, and was not
referable—necessarily referable—to its committee.
But even if it was within the terms of the rule,
it would not be within its fair spirit or intent; for
the rale was intended only for ordinary cases of
daily or annual occurrence, not for extraordinary
occurrences, such as the location of a bank, or
the renewal of a bank charter already located
within the limits of the District.
Mr.B. would make another suggestion. Many
gentlemen thought it was inexpedient to estab-
lish in this place a large bank, wielding millions
and millions of capital, with power to diffuse Us
branches throughout the Union, with or without
the concurrence of the States in which they might
be located. Let them suppose a petition to come
there with that object, would it be referable to
the Committee for the District? "Would it not,
with more propriety, be a fit subject for the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means? Yet it would be
located in the District; and upon the idea that the
Committee for the District of Columbia was to
grasp everything within that location, such an
application must of consequence go to that com-
mittee. Would not such an application, within
the fair spirit of the rule, and pursuant to the
course heretofore pursued, go to the Committee
of Ways and Means, or perhaps to a select com-
mittee ? Why, if the Committee for the District
of Columbia were to take charge of everything
located within the District, the House would have
to abolish the Committee on Public Buildings. It
seemed to him, therefore, that this .subject did
not belong to the former committee, and that it
should be sent to some other standing committee
of the House, or to a select committee.
Mr. B. did not design to cast the slightest reflec-
tion upon the Committee for-the District. He
had no doubt that if the duty devolved upon them
it would be most promptly, ably, and impartially
executed; yet the duties they had already to per-
form were such as to take up much of the time
that should be devoted to an investigation of this
subject. Mr. B. then referred to precedents on
similar subjects, and the committees appointed
!,y,tí,^HouJse, on the Bank of the United States,
in 1819, and the session ofl832-'3;and after some
further remarks, concluded by stating that he
should vote in favor of Mr. Thomas's motion,
in which, he trusted, he should be sustained by
the House.                                                            }
Mr. EVERETT rose to correct the gentleman
from New York in a matter of fact. The gentle-
man congratulated the House at discovenn<* so
great a unanimity in the House on the subject of
I investigating these banks, and referring to the
! proceedings of the House on the subject of the
! Bank of the United States, seemed to think there
was nothing like unanimity on that occasion.
The gentleman was mistaken, for so great was
the unanimity on the occasion referred to, that the
yeas and nays were not even called for, and not
a particle of dissent was heard when the motion
was put from the chair. In reference to the
motion then before the House, Mr. E. said he
should rote to refer it to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, for he thought the remarks
made by the gentleman from Maryland himself
had disqualified him from acting on any commit-
tee which might have this subject under its
investigation.
Mr.SHEPARDacceptedtheamendmentoffered
by Mr. Bocldin as a modification of his motion.
The question was then taken on the motion to
refer the petitions to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, with instructions.
1 Mr. MANN, of New York, asked for the yeas
and nays; which were ordered, and were:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Bailey, Bell, Bond, UouJdui, Bnggs, Bunch, John Galhoon,
William B. Calhoun, Campbell, George Chambers, John
Chambers, ChikU, Claiborne, Clark, Coffee, Corwiri, Crane,
j dishing, Úarlington, Deberry, Denny, Dickerson, Evans,
Everett, Forester, Rice Garland, tilascock,Gtatnm,Granger,
Graves, Grayaon, Grennetl, Griffin, ihlaiul Hall, Hammond,
Hard, Hardin, llarlii), HazeUinc, Heister, Hoar, Howell,
William Jackson, Janes, Richard M. Johnson, Lane, La-
porte, Lawter, Lawrence, Luke Lpa, Lincoln, Love, Lyon,
Sampson Mason, Maury, McK/'iinan, Mercer, Morns, Pac-
ker, James A. Pearce, Pettigrew, Phillips, Pickens, Pinck-
ney, Potts, Reed, Rejicher, Rogers, Russell, Schepck,
Shepard, Shepperd, ISloane, Spangler, Standefer, Steele,
Storer, Taliaferro, Underwood, Vinton, Washington, Whit-
tlesey, Lewis Williams, Sherrod Wdliams, and Wise—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Barton, Beale, Bean, Beardsley, Beau-
mont, Bockee, Boon, Borden, Bovee, Boyd, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Bynum, Cambreleng, Carr, Casey, Chaney, Chap-
man, Chapín, Clcvelasd, Coles, Connor, Craig, Cramer,
Cushman, Davis, Doubleday, Dromgoole, Effner, Fairfield,
Farlin, Fowler, French, Pluto C. Fuller, William K. Fuller,
Galbraith, James Garland, Gillet, Haley, Joseph Hall,
Hamer, Hannegan, Samuel S.Harrison, AlbertG. Harrison,
Haynes, Henderson, Holsey, Hopkins, Howard, Hubley,
Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, Joseph Jackson, Jarvw,
Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, John W.
Jones, Judsoa, Kennon, Kilgore, ICinnard, Klingensmith,
Lansing, JoshuaLee, Thomas Lae, Leonard, Loyall, Lucas, ,
Abijah Mann, Job Mann, Martin, John Y. Mason, William
Mason, May, McCarty, McKay, McKeon, MoKim, Mc-
Lene, Miller, Montgomery, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Owens,
Page, Parks, Patterson, Dutee J. Pearce, Franklin Pierce,
Phelps, John Reynold*, Joseph Reynolds, Ripley, Roane,
Seymour, Shields, Smith, Sprague, Taylor, Thomas, John
j Thomson, Touoey, Towns, Turiwr, Turrill, Vanderpoel,
Wagener, Ward, Wardwell, Webster, and Weeks—113.
I     So the motion to refer the petitions to the Com-
I mittee for the District was negatived.
i     The question then recurred upon the motion
of Mr. Thomas to refer the petitions to a select
committee, with instructions.
Mr. THOMAS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew the call for the yeas and nays on his motion,
inasmuch as the House had, by the votes just
taken, indicated a decided opinion on it.
Mr. ADAMS moved to strike out that part of
the instructions which provided that the com-
mittee should act in conjunction with any similar
committee which might be appointed by the
Senate.
Mr. THOMAS accepted the amendment as a
modification of his motion.
Mr. BOULD1N moved to amend the motion,
by striking out so much as provided that all future
memorials on this, or similar subjects, be referred
to the same committee. If this part of the motion
of the gentleman from Maryland should prevail,
it would preclude the possibility of a report during
the present session, before which time not only
the charters of these banks, but also that of the
Bank of the United States, would expire, which
would leave the District entirely without a bank-
ing institution. Under this state of the case, lie
was persuaded that the gentleman from Maryland
would accede to the amendment lie had proposed.
Before the question was taken on the amend-
ment,
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
an adjournment, which was carried, when
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 31, 1835.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the memorial of
the General Assembly of the State of Indiana,
! praying for the establishment of hospitals on the
I Ohio and Mississippi rivers; and after some re-
marks from Mr. H., the memorial was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. H. said, that in this memorial the Legis-
lature represented the strong necessity, as well as
the humanity, of providing these receptacles for
the sick and disabled navigators of the western
waters. The necessity for this measure (Mr. H.
said) was peculiarly strong and pressing. For
this class of men, it could scarcely be affirmed,
that there was any provision at all in existence,
whilst the protecting arm and the fostering care of
the Government had always been extended in aid
of sick and disabled seamen, both of the Navy
and of our commercial marine. It is true, (said
Mr. H.,) that the boatmen and raftmenof the Ohio
and the Mississippi rivers are properly entitled
to the benefits of the several acts of Congress, for
the relief of sick and disabled seamen engaged in
foreign commerce and in the coasting trade; yet
so defectively supplied are the western waters
with hospitals and asylums for the sick, that
these benefits are seldom felt. In the foreign
commerce of the country, and the coasting trade,
although there may be scanty provision made
in hospitals on shore, yet these men are almost
always afloat. The vessels in which they are
employed are receptacles for them, and their ship-
mates are companions around them. They have
generally society and comfort to some extent. But
often it is not so with the boatmen of the West; the
•very boat in which they have descended, when at
the termination of their voyage, if a flat boat,
has to be abandoned, no matter where that may
be, or in what condition they sire. Anxiety to
return home generally deprives them of all their
companions. These men are constantly landed,
and left destitute on the banks of these rivers,
often amongst a population unable, and some-
times unwilling, to take care of them; for how-
ever humane and hospitable the people of the
West are, and there are none more so, the fre-
quent repetition of these acts of kindness becomes
a burden insupportable. These men so left, are
generally destitute of medical aid, and frequently
also are they destitute of the most ordinary atten-
tions and conforts of life. They go from high
and healthful latitudes to southern and sickly
climates. The change of their habits as well as
of climate is generally greater than that of sea-
men. The trade in which they are engaged is that
of transporting their own produce, and that of the
country, to the lower markets, and that is neces-
sarily carried on in the spring and summer seasons
of the year, when they are most susceptible of the
diseases which prevail on the waters of the Mis-
sissippi and of the South. The people of the
West engaged in this river trade are exposed to
more, and perhaps greater, casualties than any
other in the world, and there is no class whose
occupations and business contribute more largely
to the prosperity of the Union, and especially of
the West, than this class of our citizens. Not
only are they exposed to sickness and death, with-
out the usual comforts of the last hour, but they
are subjected also to an almost innumerable train
of evils, exposures and casualties, boats getting
aground, running upon snags and sawyers, sink-
ing, for these and various other causes, when the
greatest danger and exposure of health for the
preservation of property takes place, and if this
be hopeless, there is the still greater peril of life.
In addition to this, there are the casual ties of steam,
the bursting of boilers, the crushing of boats
against each other at night, and the more terrible
and appalling disasters of tempest and conflagra-
tion. These are some of the evils and dangers
to which this whole class of men are exposed,
and which many of them suffer.
And how numerous is this class, and how large
a population and extent of country are closely
identified with their prosperity and business !
This class of men are the bone and sinew of more
than four millions of people. They are the farm-
ers and farmers' sons of the whole valley of the
Mississippi, engaged in the laudable and valuable
business of transporting their own produce to
market, and in the transportation of the entire
commerce of the West. They are closely and
intimately identified with a country of great ex-
tent—the whole country beyond the mountains—
