\es6i
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
m
Mr. BOULDIN said that, on looking carefully
oyer the instruction1  moyed by the gentleman
from Miry land, [Mr Thomas,] it did not appear
to follow necessarily that nil memorials and peti-
tions should be presrnted to the committee before
their final action on the subject Although it did
appear, from the generil context, that all memo-
rials and petition*, should be laid before the com-
mittee betore their find action, and although
there might be, and probably was, a propriety in
the committee having everything before them in
relation to the subject, still, it did not necessarily
lollow that the com mttee should make no report
until the "\v hole time had expired during which
they had the right to receive them Believing the
committee would report as soon as possible, and
that all the memorials, petitions, and views in
regard to this matter \v ould be laid before them
as soon as possible, he would withdraw his mo-
tion to strike out. He did not wish to throw any
obstacle in the -way of immediate and efficient
action upon this subject
Mr GARLÁIS D, of Louisiana, desired to be
informed whether the House had the power, under
the charters of tnese banks, to make the proposed
investigation His vote would depend on the
answer which might be given to this inquiry.
Mr THOMAb said that the banks of the Dis-
trict were applying to Congiess for an extension
of their charters, and it was not to be expected
that they could attain their object unless they
submitted to a reasonable examination. On the
other hand, if the committee transcend thetr pow-
eis, the directors of the banks, knowing their
rights, would not submit to it. From the fact
that t'iese corporations are asking privileges, they
would not restrain the eommittee in any reason-
able examination, and the House itself has the
power to adjudicate between the cortiinittee and
the banks.
Mi McKENNAN submitted the following
amendment:
' And that the said committee be instructed to report to
this Hou-,e the nam's ol the persons, the amounts and the
data ot all toan  made by any District ban Its to members of
<3onsre s or officers of the dovemment "
Mr McKENNAN said he would not detain
the House with many remarks on his amend-
ment His object in making it was, that an ex-
amination might be had into the affairs of these
banks, as thorough and complete as that which
was made into the affairs of the Bank of the Uni-
ted States. It would be remembered that the
amount of the loans to members of Congress was
spread before the woild in the report of that com-
mittee His object in offering the amendment
was to have the examination of the committee we
were now about to raise as full and explicit as
that examination was.
Mr. THOMAS said the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr McKennan] had adverted to the
powers given to the committee which investigated
the affairs of the Bank of the United States If
the gentleman would make his amendment con-
form to the instructions of that committee, he
should hear no objection from him. He would
ask of the gentleman whether he would not do
justice to his own feelings, and to those of the
House, by modifying his amendment so as to
put the committee on the same footing with that
of the committee which investigated the affairs
of the Bank of the United States. Let it be re-
membered that a list was furnished by the direct-
ors of the Bank of the United States, setting forth
the members of Congress and officers of the Gov-
ernment who were debtorstothatinatitution. He,
as one of that committee, was unwilling to make
an exposition of this list, unless, after examina-
tion , there was found to be something wrong in
the character of the security, he could see no
cause to suspect the integrity of the banks or of
individuals He thought then, as he thoughtnow,
that the committee might make a statement of the
gross amount of money loaned to members of
Congress orother officcis, and would ask the gen-
tleman to modify his amendment so as to make
it discretional y with the committee. He would
sav that he knew of no transaction between any
member of the House and the banks of the Dis-
trict, but if any improper transaction should be
discovered, he would be ready to expose it at any
time and in any place.    He would conclude by
again requesting the gentleman to modify his
motion, so as to place the committee about to be
raised in the same relation to the banks of the
District, in which the committee the gentleman
spoke of was placed to the Bank of the United
States.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said he cared very little
whether the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania was aJopted or not, he did not
think it of any sort of moment whethei they as-
certained the names of all the public officers of the
Government, o  of all the members of Congiess,
who might have borroyv ed money of one or other
of the banks of the District since one of the local
banks became the depositary of the public money
Let those w ho wen  interested in the inquiry taki
the consequences, if any should follow.
Mr B rose principally (he said) to notice some-
thing that fell from the honorable gentleman from
Maiyland, about an examination that took place
of a similar charactei to the present in relation to
the debtors of the Bank of the United States. He
understood that gentleman to say, that a list of
members of Congiess indebted to the Bank of the
United States and its branches had been furnished
by the officers of thatmstitution to the committee
of investigation in 1832, and that that list had
not, from that time to this, seen the light. Now,
Mr. B himself recollected to have seen that list
during the session of 1832, and he was very glad
to learn on the present occisión, in a public way,
from one of the committee, as lie heard it before
stated by common report at that time, that the
list possessed by the committee had been fur-
nished by the officers of that institution; for he
could state one fact within his own know ledge
touching the accuracy—or the gross inaccuracy,
rather—of that statement That list set forth,
among other things, that a particular individual,
then a member of Congress, who never borrowed
a farthing of the bank or of its branches in his
life, was indebted to it in the sum of three, four,
five, or six thousand dolíais. That statement, so
far as that individual was concerned ^ was in no
sense true, and never was true; and those who
furnished that list must have known it was not
true at the time they furnished it The list called
for was of those who were mdrbted to the bank.
The indrudual referred to.it was true, had in-
dorsed for other persons who were his friends,
and who weie themselves indebted to the bank,
but the paper was never protested ,andyethewas
held up by the officers of that institution as an
original debtor to the bank, and a* one who had
taken and used its money The object must have
been, as the effect would have been if the list had
been published, to induce the public to believe
that that individual was under the same obliga-
tions as others were. He could well imagine that
those who furnished that list wei e utterly ashamed
that it should have shown its face, for the state-
ment referred to he knew to be untrue, both in
spirit and in fact. It was very well it did not see
the lrght, for he believed it was full of misrepre-
sentations in other respects also.
With regard to the present inquiry, (Mr. B.
said,) limited as it was, he did not see that it im-
posed a very burdensome duty upon the commit-
tee that should be appointed to make the investi-
gation; nor did he know that it would be doing
injustice to members of Congress, if such there
were, who might have borrowed money of the
local banks in that District, nor to officers of the
Government, if they should have done so,as they
might have done, for aught be knew. He hoped,
therefore, that the gentleman from Maryland
would assent to the proposition, and agree that
the examination might be made.
Mr. THOMAS said, in reply to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr Beahdslév,] that he rose
simply to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to modify his amendment, so as to make it conform
to the instructions to the committee in 1832. He
was not to be understood as opposing the amend-
ment. He merely rose to ask the gentleman to
modify it.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD said he rose to reply
to a charge made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr Beardslet.] The gentleman must
show on whose head rested the grave and serious
charge which he has made. He would say that
the directors of the Bank of the United States
were as honorable, and as incapable of commit-
ting an error, as the gentleman from New York.
He hoped the gentleman from Pennsylvania would
adhere to his amendment. He did not think it
discreditable that members of Congress had bor-
rowed money of the bank. He saw no reason
why the transactions of these institutions, should
be seciet The borrowers should be known. He
wished to cast no imputation on any member of
tlw House. He was a borrower from the Bank
of the United States, and the gentlemen who were
on one of the committees which investigated the
affairs of that institution published his name, and
it was sent through his district. He had bor-
rowed money from the bank, had given security
for it, and had repaid it.
Mr BEARDSLEY said, he should not say
that there were not gentlemen engaged in con-
ducting the affairs of the Bank of the UnitedStates
as pure as any gentleman in that House, or else-
where. Upon that he formed no opinion. He
spoke of a particular transaction. They were
now informed by ayentleman who had the means
of knowing, that a list of members stated to be
debtors to the bank had been furnished by the
bank, or rather by the officers of that institution;
and Mr. B. having seen that list, and knowing
one of its statements to be untrue, he was willing
to state a fact to the House that was within his
own knowledge. He did not say that being in-
debted to the Bank of the United States was dis-
reputable; and if the individual referred to had
been indebted to the bank, Mr. B. had no doubt
he would have been as wdhng that the House
and the country should know it as was the gen-
tleman from North Carolina.
Mr ADAMS wished the gentleman from NJsw
York [Mr. Beakbsley] to inform him where, by
what means, and from whom he obtained a sight
of the paper which he had spoken of, when an-
other gentleman said it was not presented to the
House.
Mr. BEARDSLEY was just as ready to an-
swer that question as anything else The paper
in question was shown to Mr. B in that Hall by
one who, he believed, wa3 a member of the com-
mittee, although he was not able to recollect the
gentleman's name. Mr. B. saw the entry; the
paper was represented to him as the original
Ítaper furnished by the bank, and for that reason
ic believed it to be a genuine paper.
Mr. McKENNAN said, he could not consent
to modify his motion, after what had been said
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Beardb-
i.et;] nor could he consent that a list should be
kept to be shown to particular individuals. He
wished the committee to be relieved from the
charge of partiality in the matter. He wanted a
course of impartiality to be pursued. He wanted
the House and the nation to know the actual con-
dition of these institutions.
Mr. ADAMS said he should be under the ne-
cessity of voting against the amendment proposed
by the gentlemanfrom Pennsylvania, and against
the instructions of the gentleman frdm Maryland,
and that upon the grounds which he assumed in
the House at the tune that the subject of the
examination of the affairs of the United States
Bank was brought before it. At the first session
of the Twenty-First Congress, when that investi-
gation was determined on, he took the ground that
no private transaction was a proper subjeet for
investigation. He had the honor of being a mem-
ber of that committee. Among the demands of
the committee was one to this effect, that a list
of debtors to the bank, being members of Con-
gress, should be furnished. He opposed that
demand to the utmost of his power. He said it
was not a power given by the House. The ma-
jority of the committee had determ ined otherwise,
and the question was put; and at that time pre-
cisely the same grounds were taken which are
now taken—that it was not for the purpose of
exposing private transactions; that it was not to
point out any man as being bought by the bank;
but that it was a discretionary power used by the
committee for the benefit of the public interest.
The question was put, and the officers did furnish
a list of their debtors. At that time the officers
of the institution laid open everything, there was
nothing denied that was asked. A long list of
members of Congress, of officers of the Govern-
