64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GJ.OBE.
December, 80.
rneiu, «rid lettrrs from person  hish in office
soliciting- loan , was exhibited to the committee
He Slid it was a two-eilytd sword which rut on
both sides, ind tin i-oinmittee kept i* t> tin m-
selvesn'anist his wishes Hi was ns strt nuous
to have the purx r made publi> a*- lie was to pre-
vent the ckmand beniir made ot the bank tor it
but he made a report to the House vvhiehstt
matters in •Hieh a liffht that he did not know tor
a umo whether he should have leav e to remain a
member of the Hoose Lit us, then, have no
discretionary power He said, tair play was a
jewel; let us have both sides of the question.
Occasions were taken of casting imputations on
the directora of the Bank of the United States,
w hen thev had no means of defending themselves
He would say that, in the list which was pre-
sented to the committee, there w as no transaction
of either members of Congress or officers of the
Government «hick would atiect the character ot
anv man on anv side of the House. There «as
nothmgn inch anv man might have been ashamed
of; but there were things which mi?ht have been
made use of tor party purposes;and there maybe
such things connected with these banks. He
never had a cent of interest in the Bank of the
United States, either as a stockholder or in any
other way. On these grounds, he should vote
against the amendment of the gentloman from
Pennsylvania; and he should vote asainst the in-
structions of the gentleman from Maiyland, be-
cause they wore too extensive, and more readily
because the ¡jentkmtn from New \ ork has said
that members were more willing to go into an in-
quiry now than they had been on a former occa-
sion Tue instructions of the gentleman from
Maryland not only go to refer the present memo-
rials to a certain committee, but to refer all papers
which may hereafter come before Congress to
the same committee. Suppose there was to come
here the petition af another bank,, not at all con-
nected with the present one, you would have
their petition referred to this committee before-
hand. He believed this to be an unexampled
trust, and was not willing to appoint any such
committee
Mr.CAMBRELENGsaid.havingdifferedwith
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts in
the views he had thus presented with regard to
the examination of the accounts of the Bank of
•he United States, he would simply state his
reasons for doing so. A member of that House,
at the period referred to, had brought forward a
number of charges Against the Bank of the United
States of the most serious character, and requiring
from the House and the committee it appointed
the most rigid and thorough investigation into
the transactions of that institution. .Now, Mr. C.
begged leave to differ with the honorable gentle- |
mod in the view* ha took on that accasion; far, j
so far from resisting .inquiry, Mr. C. would have
done what the president of the bank himself did,
who volunteered communications to the commit-
tee on every subject, and did not wait to be asked
for them When the committee visited the Bank
of the Lmted States, the conduct of the presi-
dent of that institution was directly the reverse
af that of its friends upon that floor. But, in
discharging their duty, the committee was to be
governed by the rules that ought to govern every
committee. They adopted, at the outset, a reso-
lution of this character, that, unless in the prog-
resa of their investigation they should discover
an account, bond, ornóte, which, in the opinion
of a majority of the committee, had been given
for corrupt purposes, the account, bond, or note
should not Le exposed to the public, as it would
be unnecessary to drag the private affairs of indi-
viduals before the country. And he thought the
House would see the propriety of such conduct
on the part of the committee on that occasion.
Mr. C said, in making the examination since
referred to, it was madu in such a shape a  to
deceive the public, not designedly on the part of
the bank, for he presumed the clerks transcribed
correctly from the books; but there were trans-
actions long past, where accounts had long been
settled, notes and bonds long canceled, being
originally perhaps transactions for sixty or ninety
days, and where members of Congress happened
to be indorscrs of notes—all were spread before
the committee as  recent transactions; and the
committee considered, as Mr. C. thought, and as
a ma|oritv of the House did U heve, th it it was
entirely unnecessary to publish to the win Id tians-
actionsmany ot which liad bien clostd ten years
previously, 01 where a member ot Consjress hap
ptned to indorse a note lor Ins It lend. Mr
C. even blamed the bank, not foi e\posmg then
accounts, but for not discriminating as it ought to
ha\e done.
With regard to the present amendment, Mr
C. would prUer it it the honorable mover would
strike out that part of it which imposed upon the
committee the duty to report, and leave it in the
power of the House, if they should think proper,
to have everything laid belore them which might
be collected by the committee; for there was a
great number of transactions m relation topuvate
individuals, that could have no bearing on the
question, and which it would perhaps be improper
to publish to the world. However, Mr C. should
vote for the gentleman's proposition, in every
shape and form, whether modified or not, for he
In la it improper for any officer or member ot the
Government to have anything todo m the way of
getting accommodations lrom banks.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said he agreed perfectly
with the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
in reprobating everything like slander, in what-
ever form it might be presented; and it was be-
cause he reprobated slander so much as he did,
that he thought the occasion that offered that
morning warranted him—nay, more, required of
him—that he should make the explanation he did.
The charge, as it appeared on the paper Mr. B.
saw, was calculated, if he might judge from the
face of the paper, to produce an impression that
the individual referred to had borrowed the sum
of four, live, or six thousand dollars, or whatever
the amount was, of the Bank of the United States,
immediately before the time the investigation took
place, or within some few months of it. Ho was
not indicated as an indorser, but as one directly
indebted to the bank. Now, knowing that to be
utterly untrue, and knowing it on its face calculated
to produce a slanderous impression, Mr. B. had
thought, and still thought it his duty to expose it
He was (he said) asainst all slanders, whether
they came from the Bank of the United States,
or from any other quarter, and was as ready to
denounce them as the gentleman himself.
There was one remark of the gentleman, to
which Mr. B. would particularly recur. He un-
derstood the gentleman to say that this was either
I a base charge in its nature on account of a transac-
tion to which Mr. B. had pointed, or else that it
j was base to make the charge. If the gentleman
i desired to be understood m the former sense, Mr.
, B. agreed with him, and was willing to let it be
I judged by the public. He had not, nor should not
characterise it more strongly than the gentleman
himself had done ; but if the gentleman meant
that it was base for a man, who was himstlf slan-
dered, to expose the charge, Mr. B. would tell
the gentleman that it did not eomport with what
he considered a proper self-respect. He held it
right to speak out in such cases, in all places in
public and before the world, fall where it might
Mr. B did not say who was guilty. The gentle-
man from Maryland had said the information was
furnished by the bank, and Mr. B. said the state-
ment was untrue. Surely it was not base to state
that fact! The original fabrication might be base,
but the exposure of it could not be so held. He
would forbear to say any more on the subject.
He had said thus much, because he deemed it due
to the occasion and to himself.
With regard to the views entertained by the
committee of investigation at that time, Mr. B.
had no concern about it.    He was not on the
committee, and he eared little whether the inquiry
was published or withheld.   If some members of
the committee thought the inquiry proper, and
others reprobated it as improper, they might ad-
just the  matter as they pleased, and if, after
[ obtaimngtheinformation, they choose to suppress
I it, he was equally as indifferent as he was to the
I subject of inquiry itself.    But if the honorable
I member meant to have u understood that thi?
paper was exhibited to Mr. B. in a secret and
i clandestine way, or that it was shown to him
\ only, and not to others, the gentleman was mis   i
I taken.    It came to Mr. B in no such light, and '
in no such manner, fie supposed at thfc time it
was to have been published cntne, though he
cared not whether it was or not, and he never
dreamed that this stntemi nt w as omitted until sonic
time afterwards, when on looking into the íeport
ho found it had been left out. What became of
it he knew not, nor evir heard, till to-dny, or if
he did it escape d ins mt mo i v He was not able
to say irom recollection whether the nnnoiity
report ot the honorable meinbei irom Massachu-
setts named all the membcis of Congress or not,
or whether the individual ho ltftirtd to was
named m it.
Mr ADAMS briefly explained, lie had íe-
ferred to the names ot all who had received
favors from the banlc, by having then payments
as members made befoie the uppiopriation was
made for them
Mr. BEARDSLEY said, he had misappre-
hended the remark of the gentleman, but was
satisfied by the explanation. Tin honorable gen-
th man and himself soi mtd to cnteitain the same
opinion of the real character of the transaction
which he had referíed to; they differed only upon
thepropnety of speaking of it. Gentlemen might
suppose it base and slandi rous to speak of it,
b( cause it pointed to the piesident and directors
of a large moneyed institution, and such seemed
to be the view of the honoiablc member from
Massachusetts. Mr. D. thought the transaction
not the less reprehensible on that score. If those
who conducted the affairs of the bank, as was
now ascertained from two or throe members of
the committee, did furnish mfoi motion he knew
to be untrue, he held that he was at all times at
perfect liberty to expose it befoie the world, and
should alwajs feel it his duty to do so, be the
parties who they might.
Mr. HOWARD called for the reading of the
amendment, and said that h'sobjectwastoinqum
from the mover whether he intended the penod
in the latter clause to be the time wheu public
money was first deposited in any Distn«-t bank,
or the time w lien the change took_ place over the
country. He remembered a document in which
it was stated that the public money had always
been deposited in oije or more of the Distuct
banks If that were the time to which the in-
quiry proposed to be exti nded, he had no objec-
tion, but if it were intended to limit the investi-
gation to the last two years, he would sooner that
the limitation should be stricken out. It might
be, that the gentloman from Pennsylvania in-
tended to show that these loans to officers of the
Government ond members of Congress \f&re
usafultothe public, and necessary in consequence
of the great delay in passing the annual appro-
priation bills, whereby it was sometimes abs/i-
luttly necessary to anticipate salaues. Mi. H
said, that he remembered a document in which
he, in common with every othei member of the
House, was reported ns a debtor to the Bonk of
the United States, when, in fact, ho had never
owed the bank a dollar in his life. This cucuui-
stance arose fiom the bank's charging every
member of Congress with lus per diem, as he drew
it from time to time, not deeming itself at hbci ty,
until after the passage of the appiopnation bill,
to transfer a portion of the public money to the
credit of the proper officer of the House. If it
were intended to draw an inference fiom those
loans that those corporations were useful, the
inquiry might as well be pushed further back than
I the last two years.
But it might also happen that the object of the
limitation might be to show that thesu coipora-
tions had recently made these loans, contrary to
their former practice, and by so doing interfi red
i with the money concerns of the Government
It seemed to be piobable that the business of
I some of these banks might have become more
extensive lately, in consequence of the contiaction
of the business of the Bank of the United States,
| but it was also probable that a portion of thui
business had always been that of furnishing
facilities to persons connected with the Govern-
ment, from the cause above mentioned; and if the
House should limit its inquiry to a very modern
date, the inference would necessarily be that all
this was fiesh business, arming from some recent
cause, whereas it might be nothing more than a
continuation of their customary pioceedings. He
