jgWjjg^ffi foffit
submit a resolution to refer the memorials of-aU.,,
these banks to a s luct cam juUec He wished an
inquiry instituted into the i (fairs oí'thesj banks —
the manner in which their business had been con-
ducted—the amount of capital employed, and if
necessary for the commerciai-wanu of the Dis~-r.
trict. He prefe rred that the me morial should lay
on the table until to-morrow.
Mr. KENT expressed the hope, that the gen-
tleman would permit the memorial to take the
usual «purse.                       _                               ,
Mr. BENTON said that,in orderthat the Senate
wight not be taken by surprise, he would inform
the Senate that he intended to-morrow to make a
motion to go into an investigation of the concerns
•of „|hese banks. He should mov^ fcjr a pretty
extensive committee. He would not repeat in the
Senate the charges he had heard against "these
banks; but, if a tithkig of what he bad heard
concerning them was true,,those petitioners ought
t¿> have leave to withdraw their petitions.
The petition was then referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, report^!, -withoutamendment,' the
bill to provide for the legal adjudication and set-
tlement of claims to lands therei  mentioned.
On motion by Mr. WHITS, the Committee on
Indian Affairs was discharged 'from .the further
consideration of the bill for the relief of John 0.
Baiirion.             •   >
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. KING, of Alabama-, gave notice that he
would to-morrow ask leave .to introduce a bill
making an appropriation for a r<?frd from,Lime
Creek to Chattahoochee. Also, a biil to nutherke
Whitman and Lamar to import, free of duty, an
iron, steamboat in detached parts.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE-   - •
Mr. LINN, inpursuance of noticegiven,asked
attd obtained leave to  introduce the following
-billai which were severally read twice and re-
ferred:
A bill for issuing -certain land patente at Green
Bay, and for other purposes;                        •      '.
•    Á bill for the relief of J. anff'W./Bfceson, and
others; and                              ''
A bill for the relief of Robert Abbott and the
heirs of James Abbott, deceased.
NEW POST ROUTES.
Mr. LINN submitted 'the following resolution, i
which lies on the table-one-day.:                    ,,       ¡
Resaloed, That the Committee on the Post .-Office and
Poit Itoadd be instructed to inquire into the exjiedijficy hi
eitattlufimuthe ioJIowia  rout  1.1 the State o.~Mis*6Uri: '
From Jefferson eity, the feat oí'government,-through tiie
seat  oí juanee Sot the countie* Qi Morgan-, lien leu, ffitk,
and Green, to the seat of government of tUt Territory of i
Amansas.                           „              m/- i           •"'      i
From' the sett of justice of Greei cbmMys rWroftld the
seals oi'justice of Polk, tteuton, tuyetg Van JBumiyaild
Jackson.                              ,        .            .
Front Boonville, Cooper couiity, through the seats of jus-
tici at'Pettis, Johnson, and to Van Uurcn.
From the seat of justice of Green county, «hroujH - the
seat pf justice of Pulaski, Crawuwd, ¡try ílaá*cy>d, Iron
Works, to Union, the seat of justice ot .Fiankün county.
From Jefferson City, through the seat of, justice of Gas-
onado  county,  Crawford,  Potosí,  Washington eo'jn
Farmington, St. Franem county, to Jaeisun, tile.iiat
inty,
tt 01
justice tor Cape Guadeau quunty, twice a w«ek< ,
'    From the «eat of justice of títour)a/rd jcoituty Xq ftreen-
■ ville, tlie seat of justice lbr Wayne count}.
From Potosi, the seat of jnafteeforwisMngroh etoirfry,
througü-üie seat of justice of Eipiey conoty, tu Jackson* 4i
Arkansas, in atwo-norse eoacli.       ,,    ,       .   ¡.-.,. ::_
From Jener^ÓB City to fiooiiviltc,úi'Copperc,QUtity'Lu-Qai
•Boonville, through tire sea¿of jastictexif SaniH eoiiiitv, to
Larayette, to Independence, tiio «eat of JtHtfcf of JafcRson
county, in a (our horse post ooacli, twieoarjwtak, .
,   FiOiatíu Louis, thrpu.'ntlioseaia pi j^Uca of SJ- Charles,
Montgomery, Warren, Fulton, the scattyjustice, of upw-
ard county; the town of Charlton, Keatsvilte, ttie'sea't'of
justice oí Cüariton county, CanWflK *(tri*seaiot',)U.tice'of
Ray eounty, lliree thfle* a week.in a lónr-horte'pust ooieh.
From St, Louis to éU. Ciiarlesj pJnea tyrass  wo«k,in
four horse po^t coaeQés. '
From Louisiana, in Pflte county, to 1íí(Whnj* Greeni'io
Fulton, in Calloway county, in two horse post coaches. '
From St. Genevieve, by Bolivia poit office, to Frederick-
town, the seat of jUsUce Qf Madison cojiaty^once a week.
From Jackson, the geat of justice of Caw Giradsau, by
the toiv.u oí Girad sin, Benton, the seat oí justice of' éeott
county, to New Madrid, the weat pf justice «f New Madrid
comity.
"WILLIAM FETtVpLACE.      ,     ,
, On motion by> Mr. DAVIS,. Hie: petition and
documents of William Fettyplace and others, on
die files of the last session, were again referred
to the Oo.nmittei; pu Claims.
LAN03 TO' EDÚCATE THE POOR.
The res ilution su'imitted on Thursday last by
Mr. Hendricks, was considtred and agreed to.
'  •            COarPENSATTOW TO CLERKS.     "   '
The bill supplementary to the'act to regulate
and fix the compensation of the clerks in the dif-
ferent, offices, passed 2i)th April, I81§, was read
the third time and passed.
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD RÉAÍIIHG.
The-folio wing bills were- severalty read the se-
cond, time, arid considered nsin Committee of the
Whole, and ordered' to he engrossed for a third
reading:                                        t
Tlie bill for tha relief of Irwin Shubrick;    .
The bill for the relief of the owners of the brig
Dispatch and cargo; and
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Murphy.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES.
The bill supplementary to. the act entitled \'an
act to amend the judicial, system of theiUnited
States," was taken up as the special-order of the
day.
Mr. CLAYTON «aid this; bjil had'Wssed'the
Renato at the last session by a vote of thirty-one
to five. The plan adopted in the bill he thought
was not the best possible plan that might haVe
been adopted; and he was one of the itvq thfct had
yoted against it at the last session; but the.sub-
ject had been before Congress, a numberof year ,
and the action upon it had been greatly procrasti-
nated . He was, under existing circumstances, at
present disposed to acquiesce iniw prdvlslonsfcnd
vote for the bill. It was not necessary, a4 the bill
had been acted on at the last sesáioí, to. go into a
discussion of the merits of it.
Mr. Q >LDSBOROUGH suggested am amend-
ment as to the day of holding the courts, toas to
make the '' first of May " read '' the first Monday
in May," &c.
Mr. CLAYTON said il"had' been' intended by
the committee that it should .read as the gentle-
man [Mr. Goidsborouch] had suggested, and
that-its not reading so. was/ perhaps, a clerical
error.  .                ,                       • ,  ■
Mr. Goldsboroügh's amendment Wis agteed
to.
Mr. BLACK moved an amendment by striking
out " Natchez," and inserting " Jackson," after
some remarks from Mr. B, ift favor of it.
Mr. CLAYTON stated he had no objection to
it.
M*. PORTER thought the increase of travel-
ing by the judges, which would be caused by (he
amendment offertd by the • gentleman1, fMf
Blac*;] wóttia"ma*e me/perJWrnah'ce oflhei
duties fcW'h^yylpB'th'em. '", "
■ .Mr. BLACK san it was only forty-five mites
frota Pittabur* to Jacksoh,And a'flatly mall wa,s
floV-rOnning betW-eer^ those place's', alio'; that,a
raiíróad would soon be completed on that route,
which he thought would mieet the objection of
the gentleman froni Lddisianfa, (Mr. Pokier.]
' Mí. BÜCUAltAN', for one, would te will/jig
to t¿ke the suggestion of the gentleman from
Mississippi', [Mr. Black;] but ho would sug-
gest himself that a £ood deaf of commercial and
maritime business' accrued Á\ Natchez; many
maííqrs of small amount were litigated there, and
he thought it would be bufdensome'to the parties
to 'oblige theWi to Mlbw their small claims to
•Jackson'.   ,'                            •
Mr. Black's amendment was agreed to..
• Mi^ KINO, of Alabama, said the dftstrkrt of
Pennstiyanfahna Other districts had beerifohned
in; the VH as he Understood ¡t* As fhe taw now
stood they were divided intoiiaverai districta.
He wished to know whether the same judge was
10 hold riourts' in the two districts irt Pennsyl-
vania ? There "was a clause in th e bill wfeieh gave
a direct appeal from the circuit to the district
courts: He would Hite to knowj'alsrj, whether
Pennsylvania was included ífi íhát'pcá vision ? and
Spoke of Mobile as an eligible point for a circuit
court to be established in Alabama. ■
Mr. POSTER said, if the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Kikg] could show.the Senate that the
one judge could not perform the duties inJiisdis-
-trJet, he (Mr. P.) would be trifling toinodify the
bill to meet his views.
*a
i i
<  ¿ , lllanuary 4,
e^r
Mx. KING, oí Alabama, dUnaUriith te.thxflw
any obstacles in ,thp way of the passage, pi* the
bill. He thought a point sornewhere'betwee<n the
northern and southern division in his district
would best accommodate the State he represented.
Business would «aurally go t  the «©Wral point,
and it would be a savins; in the mileage of wit-
nesses, &c.    He would like the modification.
Mr. LEIGH said he understood there were two
district courts in Alabama. His purpose was to
extend tl^e jurisdiction of the circuit courts over
the whole state. He wo¿¿4 suggest tuv amend-
ment, which,he '%>u¡j]H would aaeef, the viewsjef
U?e geritlemim, [Mr,TKjbio, of Alatwina,] which
was to strike out " sou-he^n, aifltrjc,!," and insert
" several districts." That wót}lg,f lace Alabama
in the same «t«aUon with .Nortfi Carolina. He
would therefore .fa&ve to amtnd it; which, was
agreed to.                                    '      ,                     t
Mr. LtilGII suggested another amendment, to
make tjie i ill correspond with North Carolina and
Virginia; which was to malfei tread, " the district
of Maryland, tha eastern district of. Virginia, and
the districts of,North Carolina."
JV^i". PORTEH moved to insert, after the word
" Delaware, "the words," eastern distnetof Penn-
sylvania;" which was agreed tv,
Mr. CLAYTON moved, to make. Pelaware
read "the district of Delaware;" whjieh was
agreed Jo.       ,               '
.    Mr. KJNG, of, Alah^W.'raoyed. to ateike put
¡the word ".southern" i  thp Lhird:section; .which
was'agreed to^ j           ■ ■>        ■    ■   , . r           .-> v
A4>, WRIGHTfelt as if keiapd ,his coUeágue
wou^d hp very inexcusable wore; they, to let itke
bill pass in its present shape, without endeavior-
ing; to obtain fbr.NeW York what' ^í*8l*0 Wces-
sary and d,qsir*ble W,her~an additionfli'Qifci it.
He would, not, propose an ataejadmefltinawj l>ut
before the bill wa* ordered ,to ba cn^rossed, lie
wished to reserve jthe right lo. Hffcr'Un artiend-
' mentí. ,      .   ,            .      ,                     '        ;   ■
Mr. PORTER said that^hs this bill had pro-
gressed, so fur towards its final passage,,he would
suggest to the gentleman from New York [Mr
Wbi<?ht] the propriety of bringing in a.Kither
bill embracing his objectj In the .western coun-
try they thought this bill had been much delayed
He felt anxious for the early passage,of it_<   ..
Mr. CLAYTON suggested aaoiher.. 4mpnd-
mcnU to corr«apon4 with thtuimendmeht already
madein^elatiiMiiAO'Alabama*. ,                ,.   .<■ ,
.Some conversation between Mr. Lktoh and
Mr,<Cí-ArT0if,, e8pectMig the amendment of.Mr
Culttow, ioolf. place, when
Mr. CLAYTON said,, he would take occasion
to state he was willing to'cooperate with tlM gen-
tleman from New Y«rk.[Mr. Wriohti} in a'sepa-
rate bul fór the regulation of the western district
ot New York, *nd thought he [Mr. WatcHT]
had better let-this, "bill pass.                   ■    '   '•
Mf.,WRIGHT eould not conmly witli the
request of the gentleman from Delaware,'IMr.
CniToV.1 The bill Jrad ¿óíáé «pTieft)rei&é had
anticipate)} iti!' He would,however, conviuce the
Senate of the ipropriety o£ the aroendwfertt he
Would offer. Ha would venturo t© *ay tliat the
judge would.nevec pass thrbugh his'circuit with-
out passing through Albany, cither going er re-
turning.! . He spoke of thevast amount of. busi-
ness that originated in the'city of'New Yoricfdr
the United States court. He objected to a-sepa-
rate bill. His cansütuínts"wóuld'c<jinajaín/*nd
ask why: they were taxed with a separate bill,
when a general bill had passed ?' -Tie ¿intendment
.he should propose would'adopt the-feelings of
his constituents. He did -not say so by way of
threat, but by way of persuasio*. Mr. W. then
moved to inaert, «fter th* word "bthsiCteW in
the ninth line of the first section, the w«wd«j "the
districts of Vermofl t, Connecticut,*** New Yot*,
.shall constitute the second district." > ■ *■
- Mr. CLAYTON observed that j «s thi« aiiiend-
ment wot pressed by the Senator froak'New Y«rk,
he would not oppose iu 'He would, however,
ask the honorable Sanaiorifhe fcad/ sufficiently
considered the detalla of tbd bill, and how fiif &e
amendment WodHtnterfero with tliem? He should
'regret if the bill «tas retarded by the amendment.
He wonld. also ask whether the judge'who Is to
perform the duties, «ontemplatéd by the -amend-
ment, would be willing to encounter the additional
