1836.
Ttm ,CONGfti;S£jQNAJU, GLOBE.
^7
labor, and whether he had not already as much
business as he could attend to? He was willing,
however, to take the amendment as offered by
the gentleman from New York, leaving it to him
to make such other amendment as the details of
the bill rendered necessary.
Mr. WRIGHT was awure that some additional
amendment as to the time aud place of holding
the court would be necessary, and if the amend-
ment should be adopted he or his colleague would
submit the proper motion.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, observed that, as the
Senator from New York had thought proper to
introduce this amendment,otharSenators, coming
from States where there was no more than one
district judge, might be induced to offer a similar
amendment. Why (he asked) was not this in-
convenience, as regards New York, thought of
before? He asked the Senator if it was, right, at
this time, to throw obstacles in the way of a bill
so important to the new States—abill fraught with
a measure which he conceived they liad a consti-
tutional right to, which they had been so long
contending for, and which they were now about
to obtain? He hoped the amendment would not
be pressed at this time. If, hereafter, the gentle-
man, on finding that the judge can perforin the
additional duties required, chooses to introduce
the measure, in the shape of a separate bill, he
would most readily extend to him the helping
hand ; but he trusted that a bill which was to
render the judiciary system uniform throughout
the Union, which the new States had endeavored,
yoar after year, to get through, would not be em-
barrassed by obstacles thrown in its wny when
it was about to pass. He should rote against the
amendment, though he hoped it would be with-
drawn.
Mr. PORTER said he felt rery much embar-
rassed at the situation in which he had been placed
by the amendment. He was favorably disposed
towards the objects it contemplated, though
he feared it might somewhat embarrass the im-
portant measure before them. He did hope that
the gentleman from New York would not press
the amendment at this stage of the business; that
they would not throw obstacles in the way of an
important measure by tacking to it objects that
might be accomplished in a separate bill. This
bill had been before the Senate at the last session;
and if the claims of New York were so very
strong, and the inconveniences under which she
suffered were so great, surely they ought to have
occurred to the gentleman then. He felt, how-
ever, that, in opposing the amendment, his hand
was on the lion 'a mane. There were forty-two
members from New York in the other House,
and he feared that, if the bill passed without the
amendment, it would be greatly embarrassed
there. H¿ was confident that the gentleman did
not intend this, but he feared that such would be
the effect. The bill was lost the last year in con-
sequence of the amendments that delayed it. Per-
haps the Senator from Pennsylvania might be
enlightened, and think that a similar amendment
was necessary for his State, and by moving it
occasion further embarrassment, to the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT said that there was one remark
he was compelled to make in reply to the Sena-
tor from Louisiana. He understood that gentle-
man as saying that he had attacked the bill by
throwing obstacles in its way.
Mr. PORTER explained. He said lacked, not
attacked. He had expressed the hope that the
gentlemen would not throw obstacles in the way
of the bill by tacking other objects to it.
Mr. WRIGHT said he was glad he had misun-
derstood the gentleman, who was himself mis-
taken as to the time of the introduction of the
measure contemplated by the amendment. Long
before any effort had been made to extend to Ala-
bama the circuit system, an effort had been earn-
estly, though respectfully, made to extend it to
the northern portion of New York. The gentle-
man did not seem to appreciate the geographical
situation of New York, nor consider the great
extent of its frontier requiring this system. He
and his colleague had been asked not to press
their amendment at this stage of the bill. But
did the gentlemen from Alabama and Louisiana
suppose that they could do their duty without
pressing this measure ? As to the details, he con-
fessed he had sufficiently examined them to con- !
form Tiis amendment to them at this time. But!
gentlemen must see that this was a mere matter
of form, and the gentlemen from Connecticut and
Vermont, and himself and his colleague, could
not differ with regard to them. The gentleman
from Louisiana had asked him not to press this
amendment, awd thua bring down on the bill the
numerical force of the New York members in
■ the other House. Now, it was to make the bill
acceptable to tlakt humencal ferae that he had in-
trod«ced the amendment.
Mr. BUCHANAN said, he had been too long
1 folio-wing the same lights on this subject to be
enlightened at this time, as the Senator from Lou-
isiana supposed he might be.    He had been en-
, deavoring for many years to extend the circuit
system to the pew States, and should continuo his
exertions until that object was accomplished.
What was the single proposition before the Sen-
ate ? It was to extend this system to the six new
States who were jastly entitled to it, and who had
so long been deprived of it. That was the solo
proposition. It was so considered when the bill
was introduced, and was so considered by the
, Judiciary Committee who had it under examina-
I tion, and who reported on it. It was admitted
that it was desirable to extend this system to New
, York; but suppose it was done by the amend-
ment, what then would be the duty of the Senators
from Pennsylvania? The western district of
Pennsylvania was not eutirely inland. It had
considerable maritime frontier, and he understood
to-day, for the first time, that there was a petition
numerously signed from thewestern partof Penn-
sylvania for the establishment of a circuit court
for their benefit.    Could he and his colleague then
i sitstill.and not ask for this forPennsylvania when
, they saw the same favor granted to New York ?
He would prefer, however, that the cireuit system
should be extended both in Pennsylvania and
New York by a separate bill; and he would ad-
vise the gentlemen from New York to wait, and
go pori passu with Pennsylvania in accomplishing
: an object ao desirable to both. We want (said
Mr. B.) the same advantages for the western dis-
i trict of Pennsylvania that they want for the north -
i r'rn district at New York; but we shall give no
I  vote that will embarrass the passage of the bill.
i Mr. NILES said there were two district courts
i in Connecticut. The business in them was merely
nominal. The court was sometimes one and
¡| sometimes two days in session. Ho thought the
1 difficulty suggested of performing the tour not a
,'■ formidable objection.   So far as the constituents
II  he had the honor to represent in part were con-
I cerned, he had no doubt they would be in favor
| of the amendment of the gentleman from New
i York, [Mr. Wright.] He felt anxious for the
I passage of the bill. But he would aek how the
I bill was to be embarrassed ? Certainly not by
! making it more acceptable to a large portion of
: the country.    By making it more acceptable, a
better feeling would exist towards it winch would
be more likely to secure its passagei   .
Mr. CLAYTON said, on the whole he folt dis-
posed to vote for the- amendment of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. VVright,] and also
for the amendment rhentioned by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanaw,] if thatgen-
! tleman should offer it. All he asked of gentle-
men was to make the bill to-day as perfect as
possible/in order that it might be passed to-mor-
row. The Senator from New York might, on
the third reading of the bill, by general consent,
, offer such amendments as would render the de-
tails perfect.
! After some further remarks from Messrs.
DAVIS, BLACK, TALLMADGE, MOORE,
SHEPLEY, PRENTISS, and KING of Ala-
bama, the question was taken; and Mr. Wright's
i amendment was adopted—yeas 28, nays 12; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Clayton, Davis, Golds-
borough, Grundy, Ilenducks, Hill, Hubbard, Kent, Knight,
i   Leigh, Moure, Morris, Niles,  Porter, Prentiss, Robbins,
Robinson,  Rubles. Shepley,  Swift, Tiillmadgc, Tipton,
1 Tomlinson, Wall, Wlrite., and Wright—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun,Clay, Crit-
tenden, Ewing, King of Alabama, Kin  of Georgia) Linn,
: ■ McKean, Manguin, and Southard—13.
i. After some verbal amendments were agreed to,
I! submitted by Messrs. Clayton and Leigh,
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the bill was
laid on the table; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 4, 1835.
The Hon. R.J. Masning, of South Carolina,
appeared, was qualified, and took his seat. .
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Petitions and memorials wore presented by
>, Messrs. EVANS and SMITH; of Maine;
Messrs. BEAN and CUSHMAN, of New
Hampshire;
Messrs. BRIGGS and ADAMS, of Massa-
chusetts.
SLAVERY IN THE PISTRICT.
Mr. ADAMS presented,the petition of sundry
citizens of Massachusetts, residing in his con-
gressional district, praying for the abolition of
slavery and the slave trade in the District of Co-
lumbia. Mr, A. said it was his intention to move
that the petition, without being read, be laid on
the table; and was proceeding with a few pre-
liminary remarks, when
Mr. PATTON rose to a question of order. He
desired to inquire of the Speaker whether the pe-
tition had been received ?
The CHAIR replied m the negative, and refer-
red to the authorities on the subject. The first
question which arose was—Will the House re-
ceive the petition ?
Mr. GLASCOCK moved that the petition be
not received.
Mr. PATTON seconded the motion, stating
that it had been his intention to mpJse a similar
one.
Mr. GLASCOCK said he felt it to be his duty
, to make this motion, because it h;id bion r.oii-
: tended in the House, as well as out of it, that tT.c
motion that a petition be not received was un-
. constitutional. If he could believe the motion
was unconstitutional, he would be one of the last
to make if. He had endeavored to inform him-
self on this subject, and believed that he liad the
right to make the motion. He recollected that
when this motion was made by the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond,] it seemed
to be the understanding of the Chair that the mo-
tion could not be sustained. If we were to,take
the views or opinions as laid down by Jefferson,
this was a proper motion; and if it be. a proper
motion, then this House shauld.a ustain it; and
he would take occasion here tp remark, that one
petition had been laid on the table by an over-
whelming vote. Another motion was made to
reject.                                    .                              ,,
Mr. ADAMS rose to a point of order. He
contended, under the 45th rule it was incompetent
to discuss and decide a petition on the day of its
presentation.
The CHAIR said that the rule only applied to
petitions which had been received by the House,
and that the preliminary quesupn... of, reception
was debatable and cou'd be decided* when tfpeti-
tioii was first presented.
Mr. ADAMS appeared from thedecision of the
Chair, and asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Tho pdint of order arising on the nopeal was
discussed by Messrs. MERCER, CílAlG, AD-
AMS, SUTHERLAND, REED, GLASGOCK,
BEARDSLEY, WILLIAMS of North Carolina,
VANDERPOEL, BRIGGS, BELL, PATTON,
MANN of New York, UNDEKWOOD, THOM-
AS, HAMER, EVERETT, BYNUM,and VIN-
TON.
The latter gentleman remarked that, as the only
question seemed to be, whether the motion made
by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Glascock]
should be debated to-day or to-morrow, he would
move an adjournment, which would relieve the
House of the difficulty in which it appeared to be
involved.
The motion was agreed to, and the House (at
four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 5, 133C.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Department of State, containing a list of the clerks
