H
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO&B.
Janunfy ft,
of the gentlemen, «flowing out of on uuhm ted
pinik.i. he \\ mid (mf.r e\t. nding th. . unt-
il u*.e   to tli   en u' \i <r till r\ .
Mr S-RCPLCY su^om.d to the gentleman
fiom Xt « ^ oik [Mr I\llmu>ge] to submit his
mows in t'u firm of aaainendnunttotheaim'tid-
mnit The rt solution thus am. nded would ac-
complish the obje t the 'eiitleman from South
Carohni ,Mr  Cu.no-\] had m Mew.
Mr. TALL M •IDGEihen submitted the follow-
ing amendment tj the amendment:
2 lui eac i ?• in:nr ha%ouV pnulcge of admitting into
lieu -in ir gallen -------number nt gentlemen
Mr. WEBSTER sa-d the public had a right
themselvtb to ihe use of the galleras, until thty
Here ñ'.led lit t\ as opposed to granting tickets,
and was for opening the ¡rallerks to all, without
d stmct.on of persons. It was preferable that
fuhers and brothers should mttt and sit together
in t.ie same gallery, to h-ning them forced into
separate ga'l nes, meitlv because some of them
hípica d not to have ladies in their charge.
Air. C VLHOUX said that tin amendment to
the amendment of the Senator from NewYoik
d.d not answer lus purpose at all He did not
wish to be uoubltd wuh applications for admis-
sion there, nor did he wish to put the people to
th trouble of asking for admission. They had
a ngiit to be theie—tocóme there,and stay there,
wh<_.ievtr the Senate was in session. It was im-
possmle to look at that debate, without seeing
t'^c nature of H, and from what quarter the oppo-
sition to the resolution came. Those who had
got power were not willing that the truth should
m L. aid boldly and opei ly We (said he) who
are on the opposite side, and who oppose power,
ougi1' to deslíe to Hie the utmost publicity to
cur proceeding"! ISo, sii, (said he,) no modifi-
cation of tie amendment will answer my pur-
port—nothing which will exclude a Single mdi-
Md'ial w ill e\er meet my consent.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had not expected
thi*- debatt. could possibly assume the character
\v nth it had now taken. The change of the rules
of tin Senate, m regard to the use of the lobby
and galUncSjliad been made by common consent.
It was not the work of any political party in this
Lody. The change was made, as he had supposed,
for i ic accommodation of all parties in the Senate,
as \u II as for that of the people.
Under these c rcumstances, he could not but
fee! s irprised whm the Senator from South
Caro'ju i [Mr Cu.uocn] very broadly insinuated
t'u't t tu was a struggle in this body between
two parties—the one the advocates of liberty, the
o\V i of pow ir, and that the advocates of power
dcs. <■[! secrecy.
M. CALHOUN here said that he had affirmed
it.
The Senator, (continued Mr. B.,) then, has af-
firmed it. Sir, if the gentleman intends to assert
\hat the ñlends of the Administration, on this
floor, desire to envelop the proceedings of this
b idy in mystery and darkness, the asse rtion is
wholly uniounded. In baying so, I mean noper-
sonal ofi'ense. We are not the a/hocates of
power against liberty, and our conduct has never
shown that we were. It is easy for the Senator
to make general charges of this kind, but he will
find it very difficult to place his hand upon any
single fact to support than.
Mr. B. said he was neither ashamed nor afraid
to speak and to vote and to act, openly and fear-
lessly and directly, upon every question which
mny come before the Senate. He did not shun,
but courted publicity. Neither his political friends
noi himself had anything to conceal. He had
never been consulted in respect to the existing
rule. He should now vote for the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Claitov.] He was willing that the upper gal-
lery should be thrown open to «11 visitors who
might thj«k proper to attend. Although our con-
venience might be sacrificed by again crowding
the lobby behind the seats of the members, he
could endure this inconvenience as well as any
oth^r Senator. On this subject he would go as
far as he who should go furthest. Let all the
American people who can be accommodated be
received into this Chamber.
Aii. CALHOUN remaik. d that he was much
gratified at what had been said by the Senator
fiom Pennsylvania, and honed that every "entle-
i-n],,!'1! ^111  Mile w oul 1 conem with him
It w iv not fin h m or that sro'i'lemvn todtcide
which of tlnm were on th. side of hbcity in the
contest between liberty and power—tint must
be U ft to t me and to posterity for n fair decision.
He was not called on th. n to show the many
arbitrxry acts of the present Administration; but
on a proper occasion he would be ready to go
into the subjtct He did hope tint thi" session
would show that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, and those with whom he acted, were not
the advocates of power. He did hope that when
that great measure, the expunging resolutions,
came up, it would be seen that those gtntlemcn
would lie found on the side of liberty in its eon-
test with power.
Mr HUCH VNAN said the Senator from South
Carolina had acted very wisely in referring the
great qmstions now before this body «ml the
tountn to time and to posterity If he had sub-
niitted'them to the people of the present genera-
tion, thtv are already decided against him.
In relation to his future comst (Mr. B. said) he
would wait fir the proper occasions to present
themselves, and should express his opinions on
subjects as they came before the Senate. " Suf-
ficient for th^ day is the evil thereof." He had
no hesitation, however, in now declaring his opin-
ion upon the expunging resolution, as the Senator
had introduced it into this debate. On that ques-
tion he should be found in direct opposition to
the gentleman.
The question was here taken on Mr. Tall-
madgf.'s motion, and it was lost—yeas 6, nays 34;
as follows-
\E VS — Messrs. Prentiss, Sheplej, Swift, Tallmadge,
Tipton, and Wng it—5
V\YS— Me=~r- B«nton, Black, Brown, ttuchannn, Cal
noun, Chvton. Crittenden, Daw?, Ewine, Goldjborough,
Gmn.ly, Hut, Hubbard, Kent, Kin? ol Alabama, Kin; of
G"orgia, Knight, Leigli, Lain, McK. aa, Mangum, Moore,
Morris, \ile-, Porter, Preston, Robbing Robinson, Tomlin-
••on, Tvltr, Wall, Webster, and White—34
The question then being on Mr. Clitton's
amendment,
Mr. NILES moved to divide it, so as to take the
question, first, on the first clause as to opening the
galleries.
Mr. BENTON suggested that this division was
not sufficiently explicit To say " open the gal-
lories," implied that they were closed, whereas
one was already entirely open, and the other open
to gentlemen accompanied by ladies. The divis-
ion ought to be more explicit; otherwise, those
who voted against the first clause might seem to
vote against admitting spectators.
Mr. NILES then moved to amend the reaoro-
tion by inserting the word " circular," so as to
apply the amendment to the opening- of the eircu -
lar gallery; which modification being accepted by
Mr. Clayton, the division of the question was
ordered, and it was accordingly taken on the first
clause of the amendment, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 35, nays 7; as follows:
YE\S—Mes rs Black, Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cfavton, Crittenden, Davh, EwHis, Goldsborough, Grun-
dy, Hill, Hubbard, Kent, King of Alabama, Km* of Geor-
gia, Knight, Leigh, Linn, McKean, Mangum, Moore,
Morns, NUes, Prentiss, Preston, Eobbins, Robin=on, Shep-
le>. Southard, Swift, Tomlin-on, Tyler, Wall, Webster,
and White—35.
NAYS —Messrs. Benton, Hendricks, Porter, Ruggles,
Tallmadge, Tipton, and Wright—7.
The question was next taken on the second
clause of the amendment, allowing each Senator
to admit — number of spectators into the lobby,
and decided in the negative—yeas 18, nays 24; as
follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Black, Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Lwing, Goldsborough, Leiali,
Mangum, Preston, Bobbins, Robinson, Tomluuon, Tyler.
1 Wall, and Webster—18
i    NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, Hub-
I bard, Kent, King of Alabama, King of Georgia, Knight,
Linn, McKean, Moore, Morn?, N'ües, Porter, PrenSss
I Kuggle , Sheplev, Sonthard, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton,
White, and Wnght—94
The question being on the resolution as amend-
ed, Mr. Bentov asked the Secretary to read the
resolution of the present session, by which the
old rule was changed, and it was accordingly
read.                                                                     ° ' I
Mr. BENTON remarked that he only wished [
to make sure of the words of the resolution, as
it applied to the circular gallery, and he now held '
that gallery to be open.nnd that nil tint had been
sud in r. lation to it hid been misappln il Up
did not wish to  i\e a \otc w hie h \ as to lie un-
derstood ther1 oí i'sew here at intending t > shut
up cither of the galleries, nor di 1 hi wish to ^i\e
any vote admitting what even body knew to be
untrue, that the galleries were closed. He wished
in the most emphatic manner to decían , that the
circular gallery, instead of being closed, was open
to eTery gentleman who could get a 1 idy to
accompany him, and, by lady, he meant each
respectable female in the 'United States. It might
be that some few strangers here would not be
sufficiently acquainted in Washington to get
ladies toaccompany them; those few, lie thought,
could always be accommodated in the small gnl-
leiy, but the great mass could easily find fi male
acquaintances, and if they did not take the trou-
ble to wait on a lady, they might encounter the
inconvenience (if any) of the smaller gallery.
The point, however, ne wished to bring out was:,
that his fuend from Louisiana, [Mr. Porter,]
who had introduced tlie resolution now in foice,
who had been put forward by the general tindei-
standirg of the inconveniences of the old rule,
and who had since been abandoned by so many,
ne\er contemplated by hi* resolution to shut the
galleries against the public He wished to give
that gentleman his support, and assist him in
bearing the brunt in defense of a resolution which
was introduced and adopted by general consent
of the Senate.
There was one gallery (pointing to the small
one) open to everybody, and there was the other
(pointing to the circular gallery) equally open to
all save those whose limited acquaintance with
females prevented them from being accompanied
by a ladv.    Certain he was that there Mere morr
who could get ladies willing to accompany them
by hundreds upon hundreds than  the  gallery
would hold.    "Were they, then, under these cir
cumstances, to vote so as to admit the fact that
the galleries were closed >   Were they on an occa-
sion like that to call for testimony'   If thry did,
the doorkeeper would tell them that once already,
this session, hundreds had to go away from tha
very gallery because it was alicady crowded al
most to suffocation.    He had made these few
observations because he wished to avoid, if pos
sible, the imputation that this gallery had been
shut up by the resolution of his fni no from Lou
isiana, [Mr. Porter,] and lie should go with that
gentleman in support of the rale as it stood.
Mr. CLAYTON did not consider the adoption
of the resolution or the amendment he had offered
as any attempt at censuring the committee by
whom the resolution now in force was proposed
for adoption. He had adopted the rule ns r
matter of experiment, but it had failed. He
had observed the gallery into which gentlemer
were admitted crowded, while the circular gallery
had been occasionally vacant. True, the circular
gallery was not directly, but it was virtually shut
against any gentleman who had come even five
hundred miles, who had not a lady under his
charge.
The question was then taken on the resolution
as amended, and it Was adopted—yeas 31, nays
11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Black, Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Ewrng,Oold-boroiipli, Ilubbird
Kent, Ktrigof Alabama, King of Ceonjla, Knight, Leitli,
McK«ra, Mansum, Moors, Morns. Nile , Prentiss, Pre 
ton, Robjurtf, Bobinson, SUepley, Swift, 1 oroUason,Tjler,
Wall, Web«ter, and White—31
NAYS—Messrs Benton, Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, Linn,
Porter, Rugglcs, Southard, Tallmadge, Tipton, and Wright
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesdat, January 6, 1836.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on
Claim , reported a bill for the relief of Jacob S.
Walker; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, frorti ihe CoAbume on
Commerce, reported a bill making an «rppropria-
tion for the erection of a marine hospital in the
city of Baltimore; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill making tin
appropriation for a marine hospital at Portland,
