Í83&
HIR COMíRESSIONAl/ GLOBfi
?8
in the State of Maine; which Vas read twice and
committed.
Mr. GR AYSON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Q. Carusi;
which was read twice and committed.
EXCUSED FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. REED, of Massachusetts, remarked that
he had been appointed a member of the select
committee on me memorials of the banks in the
District of Columbia, but that his whole time
was required upon another committee. He, there-
fore, moved to be excused from serving on the
select committee; which was agreed to.
UNFAVORABLE REPORTS.
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions were
made by Messrs. JARVIS, WHITTLESEY,
CHAMBERS of Pennsylvania, BEARDSLEY,
and P. C. FULLER, from their respective stand-
ing committees.
CAPTAIN NATHAN HALE.
Mr. WARD, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
sundry citizens of Connecticut, praying the erec-
tion of a monument to the memory of Captain
Nathan Hale, of the revolutionary army, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration
of the same. Mr. W. stated that the Committee
on Military Affairs were of opinion that the pe-
tition did not come within their peculiar jurisdic-
tion.
Mr. JTJDSON moved that the petition of the
.citizens of the town of Coventry be committed to
a select committee; and, in support of that mo-
tion, proceeded to remark, that this petition came
from nearly five hundred of his fellow-citizens,
who were honest in purpose and respectable in
character. It had been heretofore referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and that commit-
tee had come to the result, that the subject of the
memorial did not necessarily fall within their
jurisdiction. The motion was now made to refer
the memorial to a select committee, upon the idea
that there was no standing committee organized
by the House, to whom the same could be ap-
propriately referred. It was, indeed, matter of
surprise, that, to a request so reasonable, there
should be one objection heard; when the question
should be understood, he was sure all such objec-
tions would be withdrawn.
Captain Nathan Hale, of the State of Connecti-
cut, a brave young man, stimulated by his ardent
patriotism, entered the Army, and was intrusted
with a captain's commission, and, during that
glorious struggle, General Washington requested
the services of some officer to ascertain the con-
dition of the invading army, when the movements
of that army were essential to the existence of
the American army. No officer could be found
to perform this delicate and hazardous service,
until Captain Hale became a volunteer, and in that
service he died a martyr in the cause. No notice
had ever been taken of that event by the Govern-
ment. It was due to the honor of the nation
that it should now be done, and this was the ob-
ject of the reference moved. This was not with-
out precedent. Congress had ordered a monu-
ment to be erected over the remains of the la-
mented General Brown, at the expense of the
United States. Every American approved the
course, and it might now be asked, was not this
a case of equal moment?
Should the reference be made, it would be com- ¡
petent for the committee to report on the specific
prayer; or they might report that suitable meas-
ures be taken to remove to the sepulture of his
fathers the remains of Captain Hale; or to extend  '
tCr i,"Lhelrs-aHaw the benefits of the resolution '
or 17ou.
The House should not be now detained further I
on the mere question of reference; but when the '■
committee should have reported, it should then j
be his business to show this House, that these
petitions must not be sent away unheard.
After a few remarks by Messrs. PEARCE
WARD of Rhode Island, ADAMS, and TOU-
CEY, the memorial was referred to a select com-
mittee of five, and, on motion by Mr. BRIGGS
ordered to be printed.                                           '
NATIONAL ROAD IN OHIO.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
¡| Mr. Mason, of Ohio,was considered andagreed
!| to:
¡; Rcsoh-ed, That the Secretary of War be instiuetrd to
communicate to t'ie House of Representatives, the report
of tile survey and examination made pur.-uant to an aet of
Congress, approved March 3, 1833, by Captain Caufield,
under the direction of tile War Department, of the line of
the national road between Springfield, m the Sute of Ohio,
and Richmond, in the State of Indiana; and that he further
report whether the President of the United State  has ap-
proved or disapproved of the same.                                  '
CONDITION OF THE STATE BANKS.
The motion submitted yesterday by Mr. C.
Johnson, for printing ten thousand extra copies
of the report of the Secretary of the Treasury on
:  the condition of the State banks, was taken up
and agreed to.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
The CHAIR proceeded, under the rule, to call
for resolutions by States, commencing with the
,  State of Maine.
J Mr. JARVIS, of Maine, submitted the follow-
ing resolution:                    ,
Resolved, That, in the opinion of tin's House, the subject
of the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia
ought not to be pntertaineA by Corigress. Jlnd be it further
retained, That in case any petition praying the abolition of
slavery uithe District of Columbia be hereafter presented,
it is the deliberate opinion of the House that the same
omrht to be laid upon the tabic, without being referred or
printed.
Mr. JARVIS said the resolution which he had
just submitted was precisely similar to the one
which the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Owens]
had endeavored to bring before the House with-
out success, and he now offered it at his request;
but he was not doing so out of mere courtesy to
that gentleman, but from a desire that this sub-
ject might be settled in such a manner as might
i, be satisfactory to the southern people.
11     Mr. ADAMS  requested that this resolution
' might be postponed until the States were called
', through for resolutions.
!     Mr. JARVIS resumed.  He said, if he thought
| there was any probability of keeping off a discus-
j, sion of the subject, he would not object to having
, it postponed; but as it was, he thought we might
as well take it up now as at any other time.    He
did. not mean to enter into a discussion of the
subject, butmerely to state, in afew words, that,
from all he had seen for the last month, he enter- I
tained no doubt that not only a large majority of !
the House, but also a large majority of the Rep- I
resentatives of the non-slaveholding States, were
decidedly averse to any action on the subject of
the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia by Congress.    His constituents deprecated
the agitation of the question.   They consider that
¡ it belongs exclusively to the southern States, and
j that any interference by us would be unwise and
; unwarrantable.    He thought he was fully justi-
| lied in making this assertion by what took place
! in Maine during the last summer.    In the meet-
J ings which were then held, party spirit was lost
i sight of; and men who had never acted together
! before were, found uniting like a band of brothers
to avert a catastrophe which impended over us.
Then, without distinction of party, the  most
prominent in station, in private worth, in wealth
and intelligence, attended these meetings; and
resolutions were adopted at them which spoke
but one language, and that was a reprobation of
the Abolitionists.    By permission of the House,
he would read a resolution, which was unani-
mously adopted at the meeting which was held
at Augusta, the seat of government of the State
of Maine:
" Resolved, That any interference by the non-slavcliold-
ing States on the subject of slavery is incompatible with
the preservation of the Union: we view with regrrt and
alarm all attempts to excite such interference, or to disturb
the peace of the country by the fruitless agitation of that
exciting subject; and we hold it to be tae duty of every
patriot to ' frown upon the first dawning of every attempt
to alienate any portion of our country from the rest, or to
enfeeble the sacred ties which now Wild together its various
parts.' "
Mr. J. said, that comment on this resolution
was useless. It was not hia intention to enter
further into this discussion; nor would he have
said thus much, had it not been for misrepresent-
ations (no doubt unintentional) which had been
made upon this floor, with regard to the feelings
of the people of the «astern States, which, at the
time, there was no opportunity to r«pel.
I     When Mr. Jarvis concluded his remarks,
Mr. ADAMS moved to lay the "resolution on
the table.
Air. GLASCOCK asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. MILLER asked for the reading of the
resolution, which being done, the question was
taken on laying the resolution, on the table, by
yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Ileman Allen,
Anthony, Ashley, Bailey, Beaumont, Bond, Borden, Briggs,
Carr, George Chambers, John Chambers, Childs, Clark,
Corwin, Crane, Cushing, Davis, Dennv. Evans, Phflo C.
Fuller, Gremiell, Haley, Hiland Hall," Hammond, Hard,
Hardin, Henderson, Hoar, Howell, Ingensoll, William
Jackson, Janes, Joseph Johnson, Keiinoii, Kinnard, Kling-
ensmith, Laportc, Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Love, Job
Mann, Sampson Mason, McComas, McKennau, Milligan,
Morris, Parker, Dutee J. Pearce, Peyton, Phillips, Potu,
Reed, Russell, Shields, Sprarue, Storfcr, Sutherland,
Underwood, Vinton, White, Whittlesey, WiUiams^md
Wise—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Ash, Barton, Beale, Bean, Beardsley,
Bel], Bockee, Boon, Brown, Buchanan, Bunch, Bynu ,
William B. Calhoun, Cambreleiw, Campbell, Carter,Casey,
Chancy, Clmpmanv Nathaniel H. Claiborne, John F. H.
Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee, Coles, Connor, Craig, Cra-
mer, Cushman, Deberrv, Doubleday, Droinroole, Effner,
Everett, fairfleld, Farlin, Fry, William K. Fuller, Gal-
brafcli, James Garland, Rice Garland, Gillet, Glascock,
Graham, Granger, Grantland,-Grayson, Griffin, Joseph Hall,
Ham°r, Hannegan, Samuel 8. Harrison, Albert G. Hani-
son, Haynes, Hazeltine, Heister, Holsey, Hopkins, How.
ard, Habley, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, Joseph
Jackson,Jarvis, Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson, Henry
Johnson, John W.Jones, Benjamin Jones, Jud-on,Kilgoic,
Lane, Lansing, Lawler, Gideon Lee, JrHma Lee, Luke
Lea, Loyall, Lucas, Lyon, Abijan Mann, Manning, Martin,
William Mason, Moses Mason, Maury, May, McKay,
McICeoB, McLene, Miller, Montgomery, Moorp, Morgan,
' Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Parks, Patterson, Patton, James
A. Pearce, Phelps, Pickens, Pinckney, Rerrcher, John Rey-
nolds, Joseph Reynolds, Ripley, Roane, Robertson, Rogers,
Seymour, William B. Sbepard, Augustine H. Shepperd,
SUinn, Slade, Smith, Spongier, Standefer, Steele, Talia-
, ferro, Taylor,-Thomas, John Thomson, Touey, Towns,
: Turner, Turrill, Vanderpoel, Ward, Wardwell, Washing-
ton, and Weeks—123.
j     Mr. CAMBRELENG called for the orders of
I the day; but withdrew his motion at the request
of Mr. Wise, who pledged himself to renew it.
Mr. WISE then moved the following amend-
ment :
Amend by striking out after "Resolved," and
insert
That there is no power oflegrslation granted by the Con',
stitntion, to the Congress of the United States, to abolish
slavery in the District of Colombia, and that any attempt by
Congress to legislate upon the subject of slavery, will be
not only unauthorized, but dangerous to the union of the
States.
Mr. WISE said,before he renewed the motion
Of the gentleman from New York, he would take
that opportunity to say that he hoped his amend-
ment to the resolution of the gentleman from
Maine, would bring the direct question before the
House. The war was now commenced between
evasive and direct propositions upon this subject,
for he regarded the propositions of the gentleman
from Maine as entirely evasive. He regarded
them as unsatisfactory to the South, and nothing
could satisfy them but a bold, direct, and manly
vote upon this question. Let it be settled. That
was all they asked. He wished now to see who
would vote for the one proposition, and who for
the other. He wished to see now who would
move the previous question to cut off this amend-
ment. He wished the whole South to mark it,
if the previous question to this amendment should
be put upon them. Let them toe it, and let the
South be undeceived, or let the South be guaran-
tied in her rights. Mr. W. moved to print the
original resolution and the amendment; and then
renewed the motion for the orders of the day.
Mr. GLASCOCK rose to request the gentle-
man from Virginia to withdraw his motion, as
he simply wished to offer an amendment to the
resolution also.
Mr. WISE.said it lay with the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. CAMBRELENG ássepted.
Mr. GLASCOCK moved the following as an
additional resolution!
Rctolrcd, That any attempt to agitate the question pf
slavery in this House, is calcplated to disturb the compro-
mises of the Constitution, to endanger the Union, and if
persisted in, to destroy by a servile war, the peace and pros-
perity  f the country.
The CHAIR said the gentleman must move it
as an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. GLASCOCK then made that motion.
