ism.
tftfc fcbÑfciH^dÑA£ ($l6BE.
in
been entered within a week—some even on the
day of the fire. The second section of the bill,
in ¡act, merely contemplated extending the pay-
ment of the bonds to a period which, under the
old credit laws, they would have been entitled to.
It simply proposed to allow our debtors time, as
one ot the committee had expressed himself, to
" clear away the ruins before we demanded the
payment of our bonds." The Government would
save money by the extension proposed, while it
would lose by insisting upon the payment of its
bonds during the first quarter of the present year,
•which, he thought, would be a period of press-
ure not surpassed by any since 1825. The Gov-
ernment should act upon the principle of every
other creditor; it must, like banks and capitalists,
extend credit to its debtors, or take the chance
of losing its debts. He could not anticipate
opposition to such a measure, and should wait
for objections to it to answer them.
Mr. HARDIN said he had the bill before him,
and he could not find a gentleman who understood
the amendments. He found in the bill as origin-
ally printed, that the firstsection extended acredit
of three, four, or five years, making the credit
equal to four years, while there was uo provision
that these petitioners should pay interest. This
was giving the merchants twenty-four per cent.,
while there was no relief extended to insurance
offices, none to holders of real estate, none to
those who had buildings on ground rent, but all
to the merchants. He wished to call attention to
the subject. Credits ought never to be extended
upon the mere assent of surety. If there was to
be an extension made, it ought only to be made
when the principal and surety both came for-
ward and gave new bonds. But unless there
could be a satisfactory reason assigned, he could
never vote for the second section of the bill.
What does that section propose ? It proposes to
give away all the surplus revenue. West of the
Allegheny mountains, some eight of ten millions
were collected for lands. Was this all to be given
away for the benefit of the merchants of New
YorK? Mr. H. concluded by moving that the
committee rise and report the first two bills, and
ask leave to sit again on the bill before the com-
mittee; but withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr. CAMBRELENU, who said the gentleman
had fallen into an error. Ttie second section had
been amended by striking out t^e part the gen-
tleman took exception to.
The bill was tiien passed over.
CONVENTION WITH SPAIN.
On motion by Air. MASON, of Virginia, tiie
committee proceeded to consider the bill providing
forcarrying into ett'ect the convention with Spain.
After a orief explanation by Mr. MASON,aad
a few remarks by Mr. ADAMS, the latter sug-
gested the propriety of looking further into tile
subject, and for that purpose he moved that the
committee rise, which was agreed to.
BILLS REPORTED TO THE HOUSE.
The committee then rose, and reported to the
House the bill making partial appropriations for
the support of Government for the year 183U,
and the bill making an appropriation for repress-
ing hostilities on the part of tlie Seminole Indians.
The amendment to the latter bill was concurred
in, and the two bills were ordered tobe engrossed
and read a third time to-morrow.
Upon the other bills referred, the chairman
reported that the committee had come to no res-
olution.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that the bill for
the relief of the sufferers by fire in the city of
New York, as amended by tlm Committee of the
Whole, be printed; which was agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 7,1836.
Mr. McKEAN presented the petition of James
¡Gardner and others, heir3 of Captain Andrew
Gardner, praying compensation for the revolu-
tionary services of the deceased; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Also, the petition of John McArahn, of Phila-
delphia, botanical and landscape gardener, pro-
posing to be employed by Government to orna-
ment the public grounds in the City of Washing-
ton; which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of George Dawson, of Pitts-
burg; which was also referred to the appropriate
committee.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Indiana and Michigan, praying for an
appropriation for the improvement of the harbor
of St. Joseph's, on Lake Michigan; which was
referred'to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KENT presented the petition of the Pres-
ident and Directors of the Union Bank of George-
town, praying for arecharter; which was laid on
the table.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. MORRIS presented several petitions from
citizens of Ohio, one of which was signed by
ladies, praying for the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia, and moved to refer them to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. CALHOUN asked that the question should
first be taken on receiving the petition. It was a
preliminary question, and under the parliamentary
rule he had a right to demand it. He demanded
it on the part of the State he represented, because
one half of the Union was deeply slandered in
these petitions. He demanded it, because the
subject was not within the power of Congress.
He demanded it that agitation on the subject
might cease, for agitation must be the inevitable
consequence of continuing to receive them. He
saw in these petitions that eleven of the States
of the Union were grossly slandered, and no man
could put his hand on his heart and say other-
wise. They had refused to receive petitions be-
cause they implicated members of that body; and
were they to receive petitions in which eleven of
the States were deeply, basely, and maliciously
slandered? Were they to put more reprobation
on the slander of an individual member than on
the slander of sovereign States?
He demanded the question, because these me-
morials aimed at a violation of the Constitution.
We have not the power, (sard he,) under the Con-
stitution, to interfere with the subject of slavery.
He and his constituents understood this question.
This was a preliminary abolition movement.
These Abolitionists moved first upon the District
of Columbia, which was the weakest point, in
order to operate afterwards on the States; and he
would resist them as firmly in this movement as
he would on the direct question of emancipation.
He demanded the preliminary question as to re-
ceiving these petitions, because he was averse to
an agitation which would sunder this Union. Sir,
(said he,) we fear not these incendiary pamphlets
in the South. The South was too well aware of
what is due to itself to permit the circulation of
those pamphlets. It was agitation here that they
feared, because it would compel the southern press
to discus-s the question in the very presence of the
slaves, who were induced to believe that there was
a powerful party at the North ready to assist them.
He objected to receiving these petitions, because
the country was deeply agitated by them; because
they were sundering the bonds which held this
Union together. As a lover of the Union, he ob-1
jected to receiving them; nay, they must cease,
or the southern people never can be satisfied. And
how (asked Mr. C.) will you put a stop to them>
By receiving these petitions and laying them on
the table. No, no! The Abolitionists understood
this too well. Nothing would stop tliem but a
stern refusal, by closing the doors to them, and
refusing to receive them.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, observed one of the
memorials was directed to the House of Repre-
sentatives, which be thought Ought not to be re-
ceived by the Senate, and suggested to the gentle-
man [Mr. Mohris] who had presented it, the
propriety of withdrawing it, which wasdone.
Mr. MORRIS said, that in presenting these
petitions, to the receiving of which the Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun*] objected, he
had not examined them, but had supposed them
all properly addressed; those, however, that Were
addressed to the House of Representatives alone
he would withdraw; ho had others in his posses-
sion, signed exclusively by ladies, and if the gen-
I ilcmari from South Carolm*", who had made the
i motion, would agree, he would then present thorn
also, that the action of the Senate might be1 had
on the whole at once. He said; thatin present-
ing these petitions, he felt it his duty-to say, that
he himself, and he believed the citizens of the
State he represented, were prepared to go the
whole length with gentlemen from the South in
denying, in the most explicit terms, the power of
Congress to interfere in any manner whatever
with the question of slavery in any of the States;
that the petitioners contemplated no such inter-
ference, nor would he, in any instance, give
countenance or support to such doctrine; that the
! power of Congress ought, in all cases, to be con-
fined strictly within the grants of the Constitu-
tion. Although he most willingly conceded this,
yet he was as clearly of opinion that exclusive
legislation was vested in Congress, both a  to
Eersons and things within the District of Colum-
ia; and that a contrary opinion, which he had
lately heard expressed, was entirely new to him,
and he believed rested on no solid foundation;
that the subject matter of the petitions was clearly
within the power of Congress, and one upon which
this body could act, whenever, in their opinion,
it was necessary for such action to be had. He
was well convinced that the petitioners enter-
tained the same opinion with himself upon this
subject; and that they had, in good faith, sent
their petitions to Congress, and, with equal good
faith, they believed it was the duty of Congress
to provide means by which slavery and the slave
trade should be abolished in this District. The
question now is, have these petitioners the right U
be heard by this body, who possess primary, com
píete, and exclusive legislation upon this subject
This right, he said, was secured to them in th.
most ample manner by the provisions of the Con
stitution itself. That instrument deprives Con
gress of all power to make any law to abridge thi>
right, the Constitution recognizing the right a 
original and inherent, and does not, in the slight
est degree, permit Congress to interfere with it a 
a right. Upon this constitutional provision the
petitioners have placed their feet as upon arock,
which cannot be moved; but in the exercise of this
•right, he was willing to admit that petitioners
ought to observe that decorum which is neces-
sary to the very existence of society. He would
not contend that if petitions were presented to
this body containing scurrilous language and
abuse of the Stenate, or any one of its members,
that it ought not to be received; but the Senate
had ample security in this matter, as no petition
could be presented but through one of its mem-
bers. But it is objected in this ca3e, that the
petitioners reflect in the language of their petitions
1 most unwarrantably on sovereign States, as well
as individual citizens of those States. He said,
if the right of petitioning Congress was deemed
of so much importance as to be declared by the
Constitution a right which Congress should not
abridge, with what propriety, then, shall one
branch of Congress undertake to declare that peti-
tions shall not be received, on the ground that the
object which the petitioners seek to obtain is not
in the power of Congress to grant, or that the
' words used by the petitioners are such as ought
not to be heard. He would ask gentlemen, if this
was not abridging the right of petition; if Con-
gress could prescribe the matter and form in
which petitions should be presented, he thought
there was at once an end to the right of petition-
ing. He said he could see no difference in prin-
ciple, in prescribing the manner in which an act
should be done, and in preventing it altogether.
It seemed to him that the doctrine contended for
would hold thus far. The petitions now presented
pray the action of Congress upon a subject over
which Congress alone has the power of legisla-
tion; they have expressed themselves in this mat-
ter in such language as they judged proper for
the occasion; this is their inherent right; the
liberty of speech is theirs without restraint, and
they are subject for its abuse only to the laws.
Let Us take care, then, how we tread on this
ground, that in our attempt  to make petitions
palatable to ourselves we do not abridge the
sacred right of petitioning: This, he was sure,
would not be contended for by any Senator. In
this belief he found assurance that the petitions
