T8
THE CONGRESSIONAL JGL0 $.
January 7,
and the Abbe Gregouc, those purest of philan-
thropists, and Marat and Anadiarais Ciilootz,
those imps of lull m human shape.    In tht end,
for all sueh societies mil the same caiecr of de-
generation, the good men, disgusted with their
associates, rctned from the scene, and the wicked
ruled at pleasure.   Declamation against slavery,
publications in gazettes, pictures, petitions to the
Constituent Assembly, were the mode of proceed-
ing, and the fish-women of Pans—hq said it with
humiliation, because American females had signed
the petitions now before us—the fish-women of
Pans, the very poissai des from the quays of the
Seine, became the obstreperous champions of
West India emancipation.   The effect upon the
French islands is known to the world, but what
is not known to the world, or not sufficiently
known to it, it, that the same societies which
w rapt in flames and dienched in blood the beau-
tiful island which was then a gaiden, and now a
wilderness, were the means of exciting an insur-
rection upon our own continent—in Louisiana—
where a Fiench slave population  existed, and
wheie the language of Les Jimis des Jv'ous could
be undeistood, and where their emissaries could
glide. The knowledge of this event (Mr. B said)
ought to be bettei known, both to show the danger
of these societies, however distant, and though
oceans may roll between them and their victims,
the fate of the slaves who may be excited  to
insurrection by them on any part of the American
continent.    He would read the notice of the event
from the woik of Mi. Charles Gayarre, lately
elected by his native State to a seat on this ilooi,
and whose icsignation of that honor he sincciely
regretted, and paitieularly for the cause which
occasioned it, and which abstracted talent from a
station that it wou'd have adorned     Mr. B read
from the woik, "Essui Histoiique sur la Louisi-
arte "
" The white population of Louisiana was not the only
part of the population which was agitated bj the French
revolunon    'X he blacky encouraged, withou' doubt bj the
succe-* which their ra^e hid obfuned in Sin Domingo,
dreamed ot liberty, and sought to shake off the yoke    1 he
insurrection was panned at Pointe-Coupet, which was
then in i olatej pan h, and of which the number of blaves
wis con i* rabie    The conspiracy took birth on the plan
tation ot Mr Juhon Poydras, a rich planter, who was tin n
traveling in the United States, and spread itself rapidly
throughout the pan h    The death of all the whites was
resolved    Hippilv,the conspirators could not a^e upon
the day for the mi^a-re, and, from this disagreement,
resulted a quarrel which led to the discovery 01 the plot
Ine militia of the parish immedialclv took ann^, and the
liaron dc Carondelet caused them to be supported by the
troops of the luje    It «a, resolved to arrest and to pim h
the principal eon«pintor-    The llaves oppo-ed it, but th"y
were quick!) dispersed, with the loss oi twenty of their
number killed on the spot    Fitly of the insurgents were
condemned to death    Sixteen «ore executed in different
parts of the pan Ji, the rest w-re put on board a ¡rillcv
and hufli at i nerval? all along the river, as fir as New
Oilcans, (i distance of one hundred and htty miles )   The
*everity oi the chastisement intimidated the blacks, and all
retUTied to perfect order "                                   '
i Resuming his remarks, Mr. B. said he had read
tais passage to show that our white population
had a right to dread, nay, weie bound to dread
the mischievous influence of these societies, even
when an ocean intervened, and mach more vvlien
they stood upon the same hemisphere and within
the bosom of the same country He also read it
to show the miserable fate of their victims, and to
warn all that was good and virtuous—all that was
™eSi\but mlsta'"n—m the three hundred and
JiftU affiliated societies vaunted by the individuals
who style themselves their executive committee
and who date, from the commercial emporium of
this Union, their high manifesto against the Presi-
dent—to warn them at once to secede from asso-
ciations which, whatever maybe their designs
can have no other effect than to revive uAhe
southern States the tragedy—not of San Domingo
—but of the parish of Polnte-Coupeé.
Mr. B. went on to say that these societies had
already perpetrated more mischief than the ioint
remainder of all their lives spent in prayers of
contrition, and in works of retribution, could
ever atone foi. They had thrown the state of the
emancipation question fifty years back. They had
subjected every traveler and every emigtant fron
the non-slavcholding States to be 10ccived with
coldness and viewed with suspicion and jealousy,
in the b aveholding States. They had occasioned
many slaves to lose their lues. They had caused
the deportation of many ten thousands from the
' gram-growing to the planting States    They had
caí    d the piivlieges of a'l «Jives to be fill tilled,
and their bonds to be moie tightly drawn     Nor
was the mischief of their conduit confi i d to
slaves, it reached the fiee coloied peop'^, in 1
opened a sudden duli ofmtseiv, to tint population
In all the slave States, tins popu'a'ion has paid
the foifeit of their  niteimediate  position,  and
suffered proscription as the instruments, r^al or
suspected, of the abolition societies.   In all these
States, the,ir exodus had either been enforced or
was impending    In Missouri there was a clause
in the Constitution which prohibited their emi-
gration to the State, but that clause had remained
a dead letter in the book until the agitation pro-
duced among the slaves by the distant rumbling
of the abolition thunder, led to the knowledge in
some instances, and to the belief in otheis, that
these people Weie the antenna? of the Abolitionists,
and then  m drum for communicating with the
slaves, and foi exciting th<m to di seition fust,
and to insurrection eventually.    Then ensued a
painful scene      The people met, resolved, and
prescribed thirty daj s for  the  exodus  of the
obnoxious caste     Undei that decice a general
emigration had to take pi ici at the comme net ment
of w inter    Many vvoithy and industrious p oph
hid to quit their bu mess and their homes, rnd
to go foith under encumsiances which rendered
them objects of suspicion v. herevei  they went,
and sealed the door against the acquisition of new
fnends, while dipriving them of the protection
of old ones.     He (Mi   B ) had witnessed many
instances of this kind, and had given certificates
to soveial, to show tint they were banished, not
f^r thur oilcnses, but tn their misfortunes—foi
the misfoitune of beim allied to the race w ' ich
the abolition societies h   1 made the object of their
gratuitous philanthrop}
Having said thus much of the abolition socie-
ties in th"non slaveholdi i ■■States, Mi. B turned
with pi ldc and exultation to a different theme—
the conduct of the «jreat body of the people i ¡
all these Stai"s     Beloie he saw th it condiu t, and
while the black question, like a portentous cloud,
was gathering and daikenmg on the north( astern
horizon, he trembled, not for the South, but for
the Union.    He feared that he saw the fatal work
of dissolution about to beg n, and the bonds of
this glonOis Confederacy about to snap, but the
conduct of the gieat body of the people in all the
non-slaveholding  States  quickly  disptllid  that
fear, and in its place planted deep the strongest
assurance of the  harmony and indivisibility of
tht Union which he had felt for nny years   Their
conduct was above all praise, above all thanks,
above all gratitude.    They had chased off the
foreign emissaries, silenced" the gabbling tongues
of female dupes, and dispe-s"d the asaembleges,
whether fanatical, -visionary, or incendiary, of a'l
that congregated to preach against evils which
afflicted others, not them, and to propose reme-
dies to aggravate the disease which they pretended
to cure   They had acted with a Tioble spn it   They
had exerted a vigor beyond all law.   They had
obeyed the enactments, not of the statute-book,
but  of the heart;  and whil« the spirit was in'
the heart, he cared nothing for laws written in a
book     He would rely upon that spirt to com-
plete the good work it had begun—to dry up these
societies—to separate the mistaken philanthropist
from the reckless fanatic and the wicked incen-
diary, and put an end to publications and peti-
tions which, whatever may be their design, can
have no other efibct than to impede the* object
v.hich they invoke, and to aggravate the evil
which they deplore.
Turning to the immediate question before the
benate, that of the rejection of the petitions, Mr
IS. said his wish was to give that vote which
would have the greatest effect in puttin  down
these societies. He thought the vote to be given
to be rather one of expediency than of constitu-
tional obligation. The clause in the Constitution
so often quoted in favor of the right of petitioning
for a redress of grievances, would seem to him to I
apply rather to the grievances felt by ourselves
than to those felt by others, and which others
might think an advantage, what we thought a
grievance. The petition rs from Ohio think it a
grievance that the people of the District of Co-
lumbia should suffer the institution of slavery
and pray for the icclt• s of t'nt guevatice, the
people of the Distiict think t! i institution an ad-
vantage, and want ro red'e-s now, w',i-h has
the light of pctitiontn"' Loo1' n  to t'ic past
actio i of the Senut >, a id Mr U «■ ivv tlirt. about
thirty years ago, a ptt Uon agvnst slavciy, and
that in the States, was pi sum d to th s bo ly by
the society of Cuiakcisin Pi nnsylv una and .New
Jersey, and that the sime qui st-on upon its re
ception was madi , and decid d i y yeas a id nays,
19 to 9, in fivor of íeecnng it. lie r< ad ihe
names to show that the Seria'ois from the slave
and non-slaveholding State-, voti J some for, and
some against, the íeception, ac ording to each
one's opinion, and not according to the position
or the character of the State fiom w Inch lie came.
Mr. B repeated, that he thousnt tli's question" to
be one of expediency, and tint it w>s expedient
to give the vote which would go furthest towards
quieting the public mind Th otvctng the South
depended upon quieting the Ninth,foi when the
Abolitionists weie put down in the foimi r place,
the latter would beat ease It seemed to him,
then, that the gentlemen of the non-slaveholding
States were the proper peisons to speak first
They knew the temner of their own constituents
best, and what might have a good or an ill effect
upon them, either to inciease the abolition fever,
or to allay it. He knew that the feeling of the
Senate was general, that all wished for the same
end, and the gentlemen of the North as cordially
as those of the South. He wish d the subject to
he over till Monday, and then to hear the opinions
of those gen lemcn after th< y had had time to con-
sider and to confer togi tin r
Mr TYLER said he had vi ry fi w lemarks to
make     He was frank to declare, that he should
, have preferred a different course to be puisued in
I   reference to this petition to the one proposed by
the Senator from South Carolina     Entertaining
the most profound respect for tlv opinions of that
gentleman, not only on this, but on all other ques-
tions, he must, nevertheless, coifi ss that he did
not think his pioposition fully met the importance
of the subject.     He d'd not think it went far
enough: the right to reject petitions, as well as
to receive them, was the right of every dchbeia-
tive body     The reasons for refusing to receive
them were numerous     They might be insulting
to the body—slanderous of the States and their
i institutions—rejuilsive for various reasons     In
refusing to receive them nothing is established
in regard to their prayer.    Now, take the case
before the Senate.    The honoiable Senator from
t South Catohna, in a spirit higuiy commendable,
objects to receiving these petitions, because they
are couched in a language grossly insultingto the
community in which he lives- he o'jects to them
because they contain the most injurious reflections
on a large number of the States of this Union
Mr T. would ask, would these petitions be more
acceptable to the South, if they were less off nsive
in their language; andmightitnotheietifterbeiKed
as an argument for the reception of similar peti-
tions, that they treated the South with a becoming
delicacy and respect, though the r ultmipte objects
were equally dangerous'   In his conception, the
couise proposed by the Senator from South Caro-
lina Vould Hot reach the difficulty; it would not
put an end to abolition petitions.   He wanted
I some course more emphatic—more pointed.    He
vyanted an expression of opinion on the part of
tile Senate, that it \yas not competent foi Confess
to interfere with the question of slavery, either in
the States, or in the Dietnct of Columbia.   I hope
(said Mr T.) that we can obtain such an opinion
by a unanimous vote, nnless indeed the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Morr1S] objected, (which he
should mueh regret,) that gentleman having ex-
pressed himself as if Congress, as the local legis-
lature of the District, could legislate on this sub-
ject.   Although he feared that the Senator from
Ohio might not go with them in the expression of
an opinion as to the want of competent power in
Congress to interfere with the subject, yet he did
hope that that gentleman, after more matute de-
liberation, would see the subject in the samo hght
that he did.    The object of the gentleman from
houth Carolina and his own were the same: it
•was to put an end to these petitions which were
calculated to keep up the agitation in the country
1 They only di&red as to the mode.   Mr. T
