mu.
TUD CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7#
wanted a distinct expression of opinion on the
part of the Senate , and how were they to get it
in an v other wav than m the usual toimot a rtso-
lulion '    In o'dt r to attain this object, he would
have permitted them to go the way tha.t all others
of the same description had gone—to the Com-
mittee oa  the  District of Columbia.    Ht, as
chairman ot the committee, had full confidence
in his fellow-members on that committee.    On
this subject the committee might be regarded as
perfectly sound, and he would not doubt but that
they would concur not only in a report, hut in a
satisfactory resolution     He had prepared a re-
port at the last session which had mtt the concur-
rence of the members, and which was not made,
because of the suggestion that it might lead to
some excitement in the country.   The Umes have
since altered, agitation had come, and Ike  had
little doubt but that the committee would now
concur with him m putting it to rest so far as any
action on its part would avail.    Let these miser-
able petitions, then, go the way that all others like
them have gone     All others heretofore had gone
^ns Mr. PitESTOusaid) into the lion'sden, and his
honorable friend saw no signs of their foot-prints
coming ou t.    That course would nó* be changed.
He repeated the belief that in the committee there
would be no difference of a] union among its mem-
bers in reference to this subject.    He hoped there
would be none in the Senate.    As to tlie question
involved, (said Mr. T.,) it is one on which we of
the South cannot divido, it is a vital question.   He
did not mean to cant about it, he did not mean to
ask the commiseration of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania; for the South wasstrongei than is he was
supposed to be.    No man was safe from the in-
cendiary, but the incendiary was not to be feared
when the day broke upon him.    He would vanish
away like a specter of the night, and inevitable
destruction would await him on the return of
day.    A servile war cannot be excited t  endure
for a day.    It would surrender to the sword the
black population, and an indiscriminate massacre
might follow- I tell the Senator (said Mr. T.) that
Virginia has no fear of her slaves.    She stands
prepared «.like to crush rebellion in her bosom or
to resist oppression from abroad.    Lake every
other State, she may be in danger from the torch
of the midnight  incendiary, but with the first
gleam of day the danger ceases.    Standing there
lor that State, he scorned to ask for the com-
miseration of any one.    He wanted justice for
his fetate and constitutional rights-nothing mow.
He admitted that, by an emphatic decision that
Congress had no competent authority to interfere
with slavery in the District, some degree of se-
curity would be given to allay excitement on any
report which would come from the District Com-
mittee, and would be calm.   Sir, (said Mr. T.,)
I should feel that that aommittee was addressing
Americans—men whose fathers fought by the
side of ours in the war of independence—men
who can no more exist without us than we can
exist without them—identified with us in glory,
and bound by the same destiny.    He could have
no fears from this body.   He would not doubt
fcot that the Senate of the United States would be
true to their oaths and faithful to the sovereign-
ties they represented.    If he was mistaken, then
(said he) Virginia can stand even if left alone, and
she will stand boldly and" fearlessly confident ds
to the result     He would say to his friend from
South Carolina, that if after having given consid-
eration to these expressions on his part, he still
thought the proposition he had made the better
course to be pursued, he (Mr. T ) would waive
his own opinions, and go with him.   He would
do nothing that would produce a div isioo with his
sowthern friends on this subject.   Unanimity of
opinion and action was all important to them.   He
had made these remarks principally because he
was the chairman of the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, feeling that the subject would
be perfectly safe in their hands.
Mr. BROWN said he felt himself constrained,
by a sense of duty to the State from which he
came, deeply and vitally interested as she was
in everything connected with the agiuting ques-
tion which had unexpectedly been brought into
dis-ussion that moinmg, to present in° a few
words his views as to the; proper direction which
should be given to that and all other petitions
relating to slavery in the District of Columbia. '
He felt himself moie especially called on to do
so from the aspect which the question had as-
sumed in conseqm nee of the motion of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [ Mr. Calhoun,] to
refuse to receive the petition. He had believed,
from the first time lie had reflected on this sub-
ject—and subsequent events had but strength-
ened that conviction—that the most proper dispo-
sition of all such petitions was to lay them on
the table without printing. This course, while
it indicated to the fanatics that Congress will
yield no countenance to their designs, at the same
time marks them with decided reprobution by a
refusal to print But, in his estimation, another
reason gave to the motion to lay them on the
table a decided preference over any other pro-
ceedings by which they should be met. The
peculiar merit of this motion, as applicable to this
question, is, that it precludes all debate, and w ould
thus prevent the agitation of a subject in Con-
gress which all should deprecate as fraught with
mischief to every poition of this happy and
flourishing Confederacy.
Mr. B said that honorable gentlemon who ad-
vocated this motion had disclaimed all intention
to produce agitation on this question. He did
not pretend to question the sincerity of their dec-
laration; and, while willing to do every justice to
their motives, he must be allotted to say that no
method could be devised better calculated, in his
judgment, to produce such a result.
Mr. B. most sincerely believed that the best
interests of the southern States would be most
consulted by pursuing such a course here as would
harmonize the feeling of every section, and avoid
opening for discussion so dangerous and delicate
a question. He believed all the Senators who
were present a few days since* when a petition
| of similar character had been presented by an
honorabte member, had, by their votes to lay tí an
the table, sanctioned the course which he now
suggested.
[Mr. Calhoun, in explanation, said that him-
self and his colleague were absent fiom the Senate
oa the occasion alluded to.]
Mr. B resumed, and said that he had made no
reference to the votes of any particular members
of that body, but what he had said was, that a
| similar petition had been laid on the table with-
out objection from any one, and consequently by
a unanimous vote of the Senators prese nt. Here,
then, was a most emphatic declaration by gentle-
men representing the northern States, as well as
those from other parts of the Union, by this vote,
that they would enitrtuin. no attempt at legislation
on the question of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia.    Why, then, (asked Mr. B.,) should we
. now adopt a mode of proceeding calculated to
' disturb the harmonious action of the Senate,
which had been produced by the former vote'
Why and—he would respectfully ask of honor-
able gentlemen who press the motion to refuse to
receive the petition—for what beneficial purpose
do they pi ess it' By persisting in such a course,
it would, beyond all doubt, open a wide.range of
discussion, it would not fail to call forth a great
diversity of opinion in relation to the extent of
I the right to petition under the Constitution   Nor
I would it be confined to that question alone,judg-
ing fioni an expression which had fallen from an
honorable gentleman from Vnginia (Mr. Tiler]
in the couise of this debate. That gentleman
had declared his preference for a direct negative
vote by the Senate as to the constitutional power
of Congress to emancipate slaves in the District
of Columbia He, for one, protested, politically
speaking, against opening this Pandora's box
in the Halls of Congress. For all beneficial and
practical purposes, an overwhelming majority of
the members repiesentmg the northern States
were with the South, in opposition to any intei-
ference with slavery in the District of Columbia.
If there was a half dozen in both branches of
Congress who did not stand in entire opposition
to any interference with slavery in this District
or elsewhere, he had yet to learn it Was it
wise, was it pi aient, was it magnanimous in gen-
tlemen representing the southern States to urge
j this matter still further, and say to our northern
friends in Congress: "Gentlemen, we all agree
I in the general conclusion that Congress should
not interfere in this question, but wo w-isb to know
your reatons for arriving at this conclusion, we
Wish you to declare by your votes whethei you
arm e at this result because you think it unconsti-
tutional or not." Mr B said, that lit would
yield to none in zeal in wistaining and supporting,
to the extent of his ability, what he behoved to
be the true interest of the South, but he should
take lea\ e to say that, when the almost united will
of both branches of Congrc,ssJ()r M practical jmi -
poses was with us against all interference on this
bubject, he should not hazard the peace and quia
of the country by going on a Quixotic expedition
in pursuit of abstract constitutional questions.
He would not quarrel with gentlemen so long as
they continued in the determination not to inter-
fere in this question, even if they did not come to
thatdet< rnuitation by precisely the samernqde of
reasoning With himself. Mi. B. said, it appeared
to him that the tiue course of those repiesenting
the South here was to occupy a defensive posi-
tion, so long as others were disposed not to dis-
cuss it, and Congress refused to exert any legis-
lative authonty over the subject. When that
attempt was made, if it ever should be, he should
say the time for discussion had passed, and a
period had arrived which called for oi/ er and more
vigorous means of self-defense.
Another, and not the leastweighty reason, had
operated on his mind in bringing it to the con-
clusion, that the motion to reject the petition
was injudicious. If successful, nothing would,
perhaps, be more agreeable to the fanatics (he
thought they should be moro propeily called
fiends in human shape, who would endcavoi to
lay waste the happiness and liberties of thiscoun-
tiy) than the nitelltgence-that they liad received
tint mark of notice and, to them, of consequence,
from the Congiess of the United States. Mr B.
said, in his judgment, that man was but little
skilled in the passions of the human breast, who
did not know that there was no crroi, however
great, nor no heresy, however abominable, either
111 religion or politics, which might not be aided
by thaciy of persecution, however unfounded it
might be in fact. Fanaticism would s> ize on it
to enlist the sympathies of the w eak and ignoiant
I in their behalf. Wicked and fanatical men had
done this., in all ages, and he doubted not but the
malignant spirits who had been laboring in this
detestable vocation would cunningly seek to avail
themselves of any means to fuither their diabol-
ical designs. Another, and, with him, equally
decisive reason against any course calculated to
throw the subject open to discussion here, was
the almost universal manifestation at the Noith,
during the past summer and fall, of that fraternal
and patriotic feeling towards the South which he
trusted would continue to exert its happy effect
' i  preserving, unimpaired, the bonds of the Union
of these States. He rejoiced at this st ong de-
velopment of feeling, not only because it had
¡ contributed to repress the movements of danger-
I ous enemies to the peace and happiness of our
I country, in that quarter, but because it had dis-
pelled the insidious misrepresentations in íegard
to the sentiments of the gieat body of noithein
| people, which certain piesseshad,as he believed,
I both in the North and South, most mdustuously
i used for the most sinister purposes.
What were the facts, as to the public opinion
of the North, on this subject?   But a short time
had passed by since most of the active, leaders of
this fanatical band were contemptible fugitives
| in different parts of the North, wheie they had
I attempted to exhibit, from the insulted and gener-
ous indignation of a patriotic people, w ho wished
to preseive the peace of the country and their
obligations to us as members of the same Con-
I federacy.    That an active and daruig band of
these incendiaries existed, none could doubt, but
that they formed a very small portion of the great
mass of the northern people, we not only hid the
| assuiances of public meetings, which had assem-
1 bled almost throughout that quarter, attended by
tne most respectable and distinguished citizens,
but we had here, but a short time sinci, the dec-
larations of many of the Senatois fiom the non-
I slaveholding States, that this class oi individuals
was but small, and that they were count  nanced
by ne i espectable portion of those Sta'es     He
I had been assured, since his mi rial heie, by a
