82
THE éoympiSlOS*At ClLggg^
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois;                       .
[Mi R. presented the memonal of the .Legis-
hture of th-> Stite of Illinois, pravmsr ngrnnt of
hnd ot the common of the vilhse ot Caho«sta.
to the countvot St. Clan, in sud^ State And
also a petition of the inhabitants ol said village,
prav in,- a grant of said common m iee-simple to
th* rnsth e . And also the memorial ot the Gen-
t-il Vss mbly of the ^Mt, of I'linois, piavmg a
siant of some of tlie public lands to aid in con-
st>ucriii? a road from ¡sliawneetown, by Ftank-
foit, to ¡M. Lou.s
Mi. R. iaid, this memorial represents that the
lands o\er «huh this road passes have been in
market a long time, and much of these remain
uns.o'd-, and "to cinstruct the road over them
wmlJ add much to their value, and thereby the
Genctal Goveinment will be benefited, rather
t tan injured, by the grant. The letter of the late
Pi s mastei Geiieril accompany s this memorial,
which shows that this road is importmt in the
tianspoititioi of the Uinttd Stau.s mails; which
w as referred to the Committt e on Roads and
Canals
Mr. R, also presented the mcmowal of the Le-
gislature of Illinois, praying a survey to be made
of Cash river in said State. The memorial states,
that with a small expenditure of moii(_y, the uav-
igauon of that river could be much improved;
and as there is much pu'ihc land adjacent to the
rivei, the General Government will be much
benefited by such improvement, a& well as the
citizens in the vicinity.
The claim of Henry Whitton for property lost
in the expedition against the hostile Indians in
lc-32; w Inch was referred to the Committee on
Military AiFaiis.
The petition of Hezekiah Calst for a pension;
which was referred to the Revolutionary Com-
mittee.
The petition of the citizens of Milwaukee, in
the Michigan Territory,prayuigfora light-house,
and the repair of the haroor on Lake Michigan,
in said Territory.]
Messrs. CHAPMAN,LYON.and LA WLER,
of Alabama;
Messrs. HARRISON and ASHLEY, of Mis-
souri.
[Mr. Harrison, of Missouri, presented the
petition of sundry citizens, praying for a mad
route from Fulton, Callaway county, Missouri,
to the house of Henry Neile, in said county.
[Mi. Ashley, of Missouri, presented the fol-
lowing petitions of sundry citizens of Missouri,
•aying the establishment of a post route from
.anmbal, m Marion county, via Florida, Paris,
iuntsvillc, and Fayette, to Franklin, in Howard
aunty, and from the scat of government of Mis-
ouri to the Territory of Arkansas; of Francis
Jooper, H. M. Shrieve, John Whüzett; of the ,
aniens of Cole county, in relation to a new lana
office; protest of certain citizens of Missouri,
against the confirmation of certain land claims.
Mr. A. also moved the reference of documents on
file, proposing additional compensation for cer-
tain surveys.]
Mr. JONES, of Michigan;
Mr. MANN, of New York, presented a peti-
tion from an individual in Michigan;
Mr. WHITE, of Florida;
Which petitions and memorials were appropri-
ately referred.
PREEMPTION TO MINERS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. VINTON moved to reconsider the vote
whereby the resolution offered by Mr. Jones, of
Michigan, granting the right of preemption to
the miners in the Territory of Michigan, was
adopted.
Mr. V. was opposed to sending even a resolution
ot inquiry of this character to a committee, and
ad vetted to the frauda which had been committed
apon tiie Government in consequence of the
passage of the preemption acts of 1830.
Mr. JONES, of Michigan, briefly replied to
the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, and
advocated the peculiar propriety of granting pre-
emptions to that class of citizens embraced in his
resolution. As his proposition was one of mere
inquiry, he hoped the gentlewau would permit u
to go to the committee, where he could resist jt,
Mr. RIPLEY protested against the principle
[{ which had prevailed for the last few years in |
reference to pieemptions. He íefoired to a ci«¡c
mhis own distuct, where the Government had
sustained a loss of $10,000,000, bv the location of
these Jloahmr preemption claims upon a valuable
. tract of country, thiough which a railroad had
been recently surveyed and laid out. This was
the wotk of sp uilntois and capitalists of New
Oilcans, New York. Natchez, Ac., who had in
this way become possscsW of millions of the most
valuable portion of the public domain. He was
not opposul to the honest veoman who actually
settled and cultivated the public lands under a
preemption claim. He would even go further,
and g-tce the lands to the honest cultivator of the
soil; but he was opposed to thi.ii going into the
hands of capitalists and speculators. He was in
favor of the motion to reeonsidei.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Noi th Caí olma, returned
his thanks to the genthman iron  Ohio, [Mr.
Vinton,] for moving the recousideration of the
resolution. The facts exhibited by that gentleman
and by the honorabl"1 gentleman fiom Louisiana,
[Mr. 'Riplev,] shovvid the House ought to be
cautious in granting preemption rights. But if
it had not been for theie exhibitions of frauds,
he should have opposed the resolution, because
it proposed the introduction of an entirely new
principle. It did not propose to grant preemption
rights to the cultivators of the soil, or the laborer
on the soil, but to the digger for lead; and held
out false expectations. Wiiatcver might be said
of the preemption laws heretofore passed, the
object of this resolution conflicted with eveiy
principle before recognized on this subject.
Mr. ASHLEY was in favor of the adoption of
the resolution, for it went only to instruct the
committee to inquire into the subject, and no fur-
ther. With regard to the lead mines, he was pre-
pared to prove that the Government did not realize
sufficient from the leases to remunerate its officers
engaged in the collection of the dues. Of one
thing he assured the House,that his constituents
were exempt ftotn the charges brought by the
two gentlemen who had spoken against the reso-
lution, [Messrs. Vivtov and Ripley.] Mr. A.
defended the character of the settlers on the public
lands on the right of preemption, and the expe-
diency of the law itself. The law was peculiarly
for the benefit of the poor man, and the country
reaped great benefit fiom it, for the wealthy man
would never settle those far distant lands. Many
a man had raised himself from a condition of ab-
ject poverty to one of respectability and affluence
through the preemption laws; and he was con-
vinced the Government had never lost anything, ]
in a pecuniary point of view, by such men, with- ',
out taking into consideration the great moral
! benefit that had resulted. He did not deny that
frauds might have been committed in some in-
| stances; but were all to suffer for the frauds of a
| few' He really hoped, if nothing further was
1 done, that the inquiry would be suffered to go to
the committee.
Mr. LANE differed in tolo with the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.] The right of pre-
emption was nearly as old as the title to the land
itself. The Government lost nothing, could lose
nothing, by the settlement of the unsold public
lands. Mr. L. entered into a review of the cir-
cumstances undpr which the Pottawatomie and
other public lands were settled in Indiana, and
defended the character of those settlers in his own
State. He hoped the reference of the resolution
would not bo reconsidered.
Mr. REYNOLDS moved to lay the motion to ,
reconsider on the table.
Mr. WILLI IMS, of North Carolina, inquired
of the Chair what would be the effect of this mo-
tion, if carried in the affirmative'                             !
The CHAIR said, in his opinion, the subject 1
would lie over, to be brought up another day.
i     Mr. WILLIAMS inquired whether the subject
would still go before the committee for inquiry?   i
The CHAIR was of opinion that the subjeei
would be suspended.
Mr. WILLIAMS said he thought the effeet
of a vote in the affirmative would be ta lay the
1 whole subject on the table.
j     The CHAIR said that was-his-xlpiniatt, though
he would not then undertake to ptbitouote on the
I point.
— rr^r^r-
January 7,
Mr. RJSYNjQLjOS, of Illinois, said he was m-
' formed by the chaiiman of the Compiittce on
Public Lands, that the subject was all eady before
that committee, and there foie it was of little con-
sequence what would be the effect of the vote.
He should, however, press the mjaüoii.
The question was then taken and agreed to;
and tht motion to lexonsider the it&olution was
laid on the table.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion by Mr. REYNOLDS, of Ilhnoia,
it was                       i
Resolved, That the rule  of the House be suspended for
the purposeot offering and considering resolutions mstiuct-
liii; committt es to 111 ike inquiries, and tor the purpose of
ofierinsf ,md eon«irterinfr n monitions risking information tiom
the executive departirle nts.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
following resolution:
Rewlve^ That the Committee on the Public Lands, bo in-
strutted to inquire Into the expediency ot laodilviiiR the
different acts ol Cutiréis granting preemption right  to
settleison the publa lands, Mías to pnitoit the rights ot the
bettUrs. and pre\ent farnil n<nuii«t the I'nitPil States
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, offered the following
amendnii nt to the r> solution.
And, also, into the i \|>Ldn ac\ of extending to the actual
settler on all lands thst have boon in the mtrket for -five
j ears, which preemption privilege shall or extended lor four
j ears trom and alter the J9th ot June ne.xt.
The amendment was advocated by Mr, DAVIS,
and opposed by Mr. MAY.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to postpone the
resolution and amendment until to-morrow.
Mr. HARRISON, of Missouri, said that the
Committee on the Public Lands had the subject
of preemptions before them. Considering, there-
fore, that the propositions were unnecessary, he
moved to lay the whole subject on the table; but
withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, who
made a few remarks in favor of the passage of
the original resolution.
Mr HAMER moved to lay the resolution on
thetable.    Negatived—ayes59rnoes notcounted.
Mr, WILLIAMS, then demanded the previous
I question.    He wished, he said, to bring the vote
of the House directly upon the original resolu-
tion, dispensing with the amendment.
The motion for the ppevious question was sec-
onded by the House—ayes 61, noes 54.
The main question was then ordered to be put;
and the resolution was adopted without a count.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, submitted the
following resolution:
Uetolnta, TUat the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to hjqwje mto the expediency ot establishing a system ot
eyrauiercial hospital on the western watersoi (he Oluoand
I SIis-Uuppi rivers and the lakes, to be separate and apart
1 from those on the Atlantic sea boaid
Mr. STORER moved an amendment, so as to
confine the hospitals to St. Louis,Louisville, Cin-
cinnati, and Pittsburg.
Mr. BOND moved to add the town of Ports-
mouth, in Ohio; which was accepted by Mr.
Stored, as a modification of his amendment.
Mr. HAWES hoped the gentleman would
accept, as a further modification, the, town of
Hendersonville, Kentucky.
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, moved to postpone
the further consideiation of the resolution, as he
wished the House to take up and act upon the
bill making appropriations tor repressing the
hostilities of the Seminole Indians; which was
agreed to.
I Mr. PEYTON then offered the following reso-
lution:
I Resolved, That the Committee On Commerce be in-
itructsdto inquire into the eírpédieney ol establighingapúrt
ot entry at the mouth -of Laurel, oa the Cumberland river,
in the State of Kentucky.
Mr. PEYTON said, his object in offering this
resolution was to extend the Constitution. As
the Constitution then stood, it did not reach above
Nashville; and his object was toeinbrace it up to
I the mouth of the Laurel. The House had that
matter in its own hands, and ¿is only wish was
to live within the bounds of the Constitution.  He
I lived above it> and the,commerce of the coal mines
, would be as important above as .below itaskville.
He wished the Gom¡mittee on Commerce to grant
t his constituents a port, of entry where he had
designated, so that they might have the benefits
of the Consuttttio .
The resolution was agreed to.
