1836.
TPE- CONGRESSIONAL GLQBfi
83
HOSTILITIES OF THE SEMINÓLES.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, of Florida, the
House then took npthe bill making appropriations
for repressing hostilities commenced by the Sem-
inole Indians, vv Inch ■  as read the third time and
passed.
RESOLUTIONS—AGAIN.
On motion by Mr. TOUCEY,
Resohed. That the report of the Secretary of War on the
claims of the State of Connecticut tor services of rmhtia
and disbursements made during the late war with Great
Britain, made in obedience to toe order ot the House ot
Renresentanves of the 6th of January, 1632, and the letter
of the Secretary transmitting the same, be referred to the
Committee on Military Affair , with instructions to inquire
tv hether any and what timber legislation mav bo necessary
for the adjustment and settlement of said claims.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN,
Rtsobxd, That the Committee on Roads and Cápala be
instructed to inquire into the expediencv of gramme to the
State of Indiana a quantity o! land equal to the alternate
sections beretolore teaerved to the L nited fotates, along the
Une ot the \\ abash and Erie Canal, within the limits of
«aid State, for the purpose ol aiding litrin the construction
of «aid cinal
Mr. HAWES submitted the following resolu-
tion , which was postponed till to-morrow:
Resolved, That a select committee of nine be appointed
to inquire w hat amendments, if an>, are expedient to be
made to the la«  relating to the Military Academy at West
Point, in the State of New York, and also, into the espedí
ene} of modifying the organization of said institution ; and
also, wtiethcr it would not comport with the public inter
est. to abolish the same, with power to report by lull or
otherwise
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, submitted the
following resolution; which was postponed till
to-morrow •
Rcsoh ed. That a select committee he appointed, w hose
dut) it «ball be to inquire into the expediency ot extending
the prov i=ions of the act of Congress for the benefit of the
surviving officers and soldiers ot the revolutionary army,
passed the "7th of June, 18J2, so as to embrace those who
were engaged in the wars of the United State  which oc
currtd between the treity of peace with Great Britain, in
1783, -ind the treat} oi Greenville, with the Indians, in 1796;
and that the said committee have leave to report by Mil or
otherwise.
Mr. VINTON submitted the following lesolu-
tion; which, by the rule, hes over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of tlie Treasury be directed
to communicate to this Ilqnse any information in his pos-
sesion of fraud* or fraudulent practices under the exi«Ung
preemption Hws , and that he ¡U«o inform the House what,
in hi- opinion, has been the effect of the preemption laws
aowm torce, or heretofore passed, upon the sale of the pub-
he land* and upon that branch of the public revenue.
On motion by Mr. HARDIN,
Resohed, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
inquire into tlie expediency of paiimj to the heirs of Thomas
Lewis, a captain in tiic war oí tlie Revolution on the conti-
n-ntal e«tabH-hment, from the State of \ írginia, the half-
pav provided bj Government
On motion by Mr. FORESTER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
inquire into the exoedtenc} of paying John Ditty, of tlie
Penn«; Iv ama line, lor his services m the war of the Revo
luuon.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS,
Resolta!, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the propriety Of estab
li-inng an agencv at Pulaski, Tennessee, for the purpose of
pav ing all pensions which may at anytime hereatter be due
from tlie United States to persons residing, in the counties
of Lincoln, Giles, Lawrence, and Wayne, in said State;
and to make report thereon.
On motion by Mr. KENNON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of allowing to the legal
representatives of Benjamin H. Mackall the value ot a
horse de troved by the British army during the late war,
whilst in tlie possession of the American army,
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Michigan,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of rnakin" an
appropriation lor the sp-cdy completion of a public
MeAilamised railroad from ITiilwaukie Bay, on Lake Michi-
fnn, through the United States lead mines m said Terri-
tory, to the Mississsippi nver, also in saul Territory.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Michigan,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire Into the expediency of providing by
•aw for the improvement of the navigation of the Miss 
sippi nver, from tlie mouth of the Des Moines river, in the
Territory ef Michigan, to Fort Crawford, Prairie du Chien
in said Territory; and that the same committee be further
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making ap-
propriation in money and in laud for the opening and con-
structing of a McAdamised or other road from the Missis-
sippi nver, through the United States lead nunc , in
Iowa county, Michigan Territory, to Milwaukie Bay, on
Lake Michigan.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Michigan,
.Rc*o/i erf, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the < \pediency ot irectnig liglit-liou-.es on
suitable sites at the mouth ot Detroit n\ er, ot Laki Erie, at
tlie mouth ot Sagenaw nver, ol Lake Huron, at Wagoo-
shanee, or Fox point, on the Straits ol Michillimackinac,
and at the mouth of the Grand Kalamazoo and Milwaukie
nv ers, of Lake Michigan
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Michigan,
Resoh ed, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making appropriations to
improve the harbors at the mouths ot St Joseph, kalima-
zoo, and Milwaukie rivers, of Lake Michigan, and for re-
inov ing the bar at the mouth of Clinton n\ er, of Lake St
Clair, m Michigan
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Michigan,
Rcoh erf, That the Committee on the Public Lauds be
mstriieted to inquire into the expedienc y of granting and
extending the right of preemption to the miners and rugers
ot the mining country situated in the Territory ot Michi-
gan
On motion by Mi. McKIM,
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the eipediencj of requiring all registered vessels of the
United States of the burden ol two hundred tons and up-
wards to take on boird one or more bov s? in proportion to
tlidr tonn g , as a pait ot the r crew when bound to a for
cign port, cither a^ apprentice or on úngelas ma} be
agreed on b> the parents or guardians of said bov s and the
owntrs or agents of said vessels.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, of Florida,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canalv be
in tnicteri to inquire into the expediency of making a grant
of Iind to aid in the construction ot a rulroad from Pcn^n
cola to Columbus, m Georgia, and from the Appalaclucola
river to St John's river, m florida, upon the terms proposed
by o-iid comp mies for the transportation of the United States
mail on said railroads
On motion by Mr. WHITE,
Resohed. That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of construetins a
drj-dock at or near the navy-jard at Pensacma, Floiida.
and of deepening the bar as recommended in tlie report ot
Captain Chace, of the Engineer Depirtment, so as to admit
the passage of vessels of war of the largest class.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Michigan,
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Office dad
Po-t Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Palmvra, in the ante ot Mis-
souri, through Tort Dcs Moines, Fort Madison, and Bur-
lington, Bellview, Dubuque, and Peru, to the tow n of
CaosviUe, in the Territory ofMiclngan.
On motion by Mr. JONES,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of passing an act
to authorize a «urvev and making an appropriation for the
construction of a military road from Fort Gratiot, by tile
seat of justice of the county of Lapuar, to the rapid5 of the
Grand river, in Michigan and that the committee have
leave to report bv bill or otherwise
On motion by Mr. EVANS,
The House adjourned to Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Mondat, January 11, 1836.
Mr. Cuthbert, of Georgia, appeared to-day,
and took his seat.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The CHAIR announced a communication from
the War Department, covering a report from the
Second Auditor on the contingent expenses of the
military establishment for the last year.
Also, a report from the Secietary of the Treas-
ury, containing the returns of the banks of the
District of Columbia for the last year.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. KENT presented the petition of the di-
rectors of the Farmers and Mechanics' Bank of
Georgetown, praying for a recharter. Laid on
the table.
Mr. TYLER presented the memorial of the
Corporation of Georgetown, setting foith the pe-
cuniary embairassnunts under which they labor,
and praying Congress for relief. Referí ed to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
sundry citizens of Philadelphia, piaying that an
appropriation may be passed for the construction
of piers at Reedy Island, on the Delaware, and
for a ligh thousc at the same place; also, for a
light house on the Brandywiiie shoals. Refined
to the Committee on Commerce.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr BUCHANAN said, he rose to piesent the
memorial of the Cain Quarterly Meeting of the
Religious Society of Friends in Pennsylvania, íe-
questing Congtess to abolish slavery and the slave
trade in the District of Columbia. On this sub-
ject ho had expressed his opinions to the Senate
on Thursday last. Upon a review of these opin-
ions,he was perfectly satisfied with them. All he
should now say was, that the memorial which he
was about to present was perfectly respectful in
its lans^tage. Indeed, it could not possibly be
otherwise, considering the source from which it
emanated.
It now became his duty to make some motion
in regard to this memorial. On Thursday last he
had suggested, that the best course, in his opin-
ion, to pursue was, to refer all these memorials
toa select committee, or to the Committee on the
District of Columbia. He now found that there
existed insurmountable obstacles to such a refer-
ence; though he still inclined to think it the proper
mode of proceeding.
In presenting this memorial, and in exerting
himself, so fai as in him lay, to secure for it that
respectful reception by the Senate which It de-
served,he should do his duty to the memorialists;
but he owed a duty to himself and to his country,
which he would perform. Ho was clearly of
opinion, for the reasons he had stated on Thurs-
day last, that Congress ought not, at this time, to
abolish sla\eiy in the Distnct of Columbia, and
that it was our duty promptly to place this exciting
Sucstion at rest. He should therefore move that
ic memorial be lead, and that the prayer of the
memouahsts be rejected.
Mr. PRESTON said, that, as. a question had
been raised on the presentation of anotherpctition,
he hoped that the gentleman would ¡buffer that
question to be decided fiist.
Mr CA.LHOUN said, he demanded that the
question be first taken whether the petition be
received or not.
Mr WEBSTER would suggest to gentlemen
whether-they would permit this or any petition
tp interfere with the ordinary business of the
Senate. Taking the example set the other day
when the petition from Ohio was presented,a dis-
cussion might commence which might consume
the whole day. He thought it better to let the
present petition lay over till the morning's busi-
ness passed, and continue the discussion on the
motion not to receive the Ohio petition.
Mr. CALHOUN entirely concurred with the
gentleman, and moved to postpone the further
consideration of the question till to-morrow.
Mr* KING, of Alabama, said be had no wish
to haeten the final disposition of a subject of so
much importance. He thought, however, if there
was to be a discussion on the subject at all, it had
better be on the mempnal just presented, tie lan-
guage of which was entirely respectful, than in a
memorial that had with such reason been objected
to on account of its disrespectful language.
Mr. CALHOUN did not agree with the Sen-
ator from Alabama. There was no leason on
earth why the discussion should be continued on
this petition, rather than on the one first pre-
sented. Were gentlemen afraid to meet the other
petition, that they wished the discussion to be on
one containing language of a milder character>
He did not think such could be the feelings of
the gentleman from Alabama. He considered
petitions similar to this, though less objectiona-
ble in their language than the one from Ohio, to
be dangerous in their tendency. They contained
reflections injurious to the feelings of himself,
and those with whom he was connected, and
injurious to the gentleman and those with whom
he was connected. Let us (said he) meet the
question boldly like men, and decide at once that
these petitions are not to be received. He hoped
the mornings were not to be consumed in such
discussions, and he therefore renewed his motion
to lay the question on the table.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, said the object of
i settling the main question would, in his opinion,
be effected much more readily by the discussion
of the memorial presented by the gentleman frojn
Pennsylvania, [Mr. BrjcH\NAW,] sit íegarded the
great principle involved, than by a discussion of
the petitions presented by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Moaus,] on Thursday last. He
thought die action of the Senate «ua the petition
did not necessarily change the. ground of discus-
sion. The memorial presented by the gentleman
fiom Pennsylvania looked directly to the ques~
