84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0ÉE.
January 11,
uon of the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia, and was couched in respectful lan-
guage He had no disposition to shrink from a
discussion or from voting upon the subject in any
s]iape in winch it mightbe presented to the Sen-
ate He would ask the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoiv.J whether his object
eou'd not be as effectually accomplished in the
discussion of this peuuon as the other5 He
trusted and hoped there was a large majority in
the Senate deteumned to entertain no petition
on tins auoject any longer than to read and reject
it. He knew those he represented were deeply
interested in tins question. But he would ask,
would H put an end to it by refusing to receive
petitions couched in disrespectful language as was
the petition presented by the gentleman from
Ohio ? Would not the rejecuon of a petition of
that character be attributed to the fact of the dis-
respectful language contained in it' Such, in his
opinion, would be the construction put upon the
rejecuon of it; and the consequence would be
that the petitioners would persist in sending in
their petitions for the same object, but couched
in more respectful terms.    The peuuon of the
fentlemanfiomPennsylvania brought thesubject
roadly and fairly before the Senate, and a rejec-
tion of it would leave no room to doubt the opinion
of that body in relation to it. A rejection of it
would settle the question at once. He had made
these few remarks without intending to take any
part in this discussion.
Mr. CLAY then, after a few remarks, moved
to postpone the further consideration of the sub-
ject ml to-morrow; which motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH presented the petition
of John M. Hepburn, a clerk m the War Office,
praying for mercase of salary; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Petitions were further presented by Messrs. TY-
LER, WEBSTER, HENDRICKS, and TALL-
MADGE.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. EWING, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which had been referred the bill pro-
viding for executing certain surreys of the public
lands, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. EWING, from the same committee, to
which had been referred the bill for the relief of
Andrew Knox, reported unfavorably thereon.
Mr. EWING, from the same committee, to
which had been referred the memorial of the Le-
gislature of Missouri, praying that the registers
of the public land offices may be furnished with
the field notes of the surveyors, reported that,
after a consultation with the head of the General
Land Office, it was ascertained to be impracticable
to grant the prayer of the petition.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which ha"d been referred the bill making
appiopriations to suppress hostilities commenced
by the Seminóles, reported the same with an
amendment, which was read, and the bill was, by
general consent, ordered to be engrossed fora third
reading.
Mr. W., from the same committee, to which
had been referred the petition of sundry citizens
of New York, on the subject of the late fire in
that city, reported a bill extending relief; which
was read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to which had been referred
the bill making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the mer Wabash, reported the same
without amendment.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the Committee
on Indian Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Samuel Gilbert.
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made an unfavorable report on the
petition oí Thomas Cutts.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, made an unfavorable report on the
petition of John R. Medwin.
RETURNS FROM BANKS.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which hes one day on the table:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury lay before
Uw Hen ate the returns maje by the Bank of the United
State-!, and also those made h\ the deposit banks since such i
returns were last communicated to the Senate.
BILL INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr.  HENDRICKS,  in  pursuance of notice
ven, asked and obtained leave, and introduced a
ill to authorize theLenienwoith and Blooming-
ton and other railroad companu s to locate roods
through the public lands; which was read twice
and referred.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. LINN gave notice that he would, to-mor-
row, ask leave to brins; in a bill concerning pre-
emption rights- to actual settlers on the public
lands; also, a bill for the extension of the Cum-
berland road, in the State of Missouri.
RELATIONS   WITH  FRANCE.
Mr. CLAY, aftersome remarks, submitted the
following resolutions, which he on the table one
day:
Resolved, That the President be reqnested to communi-
cate to the Senate, if it be not in his opinion incompatible
with the public interest, whether, since the termination of
the la-t Congress, any overture, iornial or informal, official
or unofficial^ has been made bj tile French Government to
the E\ecutive ot the Tinted State*, to accommodate the
difficulties between the two Governments respecting the
execution of the convenuon ot the 4th dav of Julv. 1P31;
and particularly whether a dispatch from the Due de Brog-
lie, the French Minister of Foreign Affairs, to the French
Charge d'Affaircs at Washington, was read, and a copy of
it furnished b) him to the Secretary of State, for the pur-
pose of indic-iUng a mode in which the difficulties might
be remov ed.
Resohed, also, under the restncüon above-mentioned, in
the event of anv such overtiue having been made, that the
President be requested to inform the Senate what answer
was given to it; and if a copy of any such dispatch were
received, that he be further requested to communicate a
copy ot it to the Senate.
DEFENSE OF THE COUNTRY.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following reso-
lutions; which he on the table one day:
Restlved, That the surplus revenue of the United State?,
and the dividends of stock receivable from the Bank of the
United States, ought to be set apart, ftnd applied to the
general defense and permanent security of the country.
Rewired, That the President be requested to cause the
Senate to be informed •
1. The probable amount that would be necessary for for-
tifying the lake, maritime, and gulf frontier of the United
States, and such points of the laud rionuer as may require
permanent forUficauons.
3. The probable amount that would be necessary to con-
struct an adequate number of armories and arsenals in the
United States, and to supply the States with field artillery,
, especially brass field-pieces, for their militia, and with side
arms and pistols for tbeir cavalry.
3.  The probable amount that would be necessary to sup-
ply the United States with the ordnance, arm , and muni-
tions of war, which a proper regard to self-defense would
require to be always on hand.
4.  The probable amount that would be necessary to place
the naval defenses of the United States (including the I
increase of the navy-yards, dock-yaids, and steam or float- |
ing batteries) upon the footin  of strength and respecta-
bility which is due tó the security and to the welfare of the
Union.
CHOCTAW CLAIMS.
Mr. BLACK submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretar} of the Treasury communi-
cate to the Senate the instructions eiven to the agent for the
location of Choctaw claims, and the registers and receiv-
ers of public moneys of the different land offices in Missis-
sippi, in relauon to the location of the reservation and
claims of the Choctaw Indians, and the treaty made at
Dancing Rabbit Creek, 27th of September, 1830; and, also,
if any, and what, claims, under the 14th article of the treaty,
have been presented since the removal of the Choctaw
Indians west of the Mississippi river, and the amount of
land so claimed, and whether any, and what, quantity of
land has been reserved at the late sales proclaimed in Mis-
sissippi for the satistaction of those claims; also whether
any claim has been sanctioned by the Department, under
the 14th article of the treaty, where the claimant's name
was not found registered by the agent as signifying his in-
tention to remain and become a citizen of the States of
Missibsippi or Alabama.
COMMERCE OF THE STATES.
Mr. NILES submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire whether the navigation and commerce
among the several States, or in any of them, are subjected
to exactions or duties imposed by State legislation within
the navigable rivers, bays, or other tide waters of any State
PENSACOLA  BAY.                           |
Mr. SOUTHARD submitted the following res-
oluUons; which he on the table one day:                j
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate the report of the engineers on the >
subject of deepening the bar at Pensacola bay. with the i
opinion of the Department as to its utility and practicability. '
Ri solvit. That the Committee on Naval \ffhirs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for deepening the bar at the entrance to Pensacola bay, to
as to admit vessels of war of the largi st class.; and further,
to inquire into the c\pedicucv ot construí tmg adn clock
or marine railway for the repair of vessels ot war at the
navi jard at Pen-acola.
MILITARY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. SWIFT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ot extending to the
owner- ot military land warrants issued b\ the United States,
in satistaction ot claims for bounty land lor ►cívicos duune
the revolutionary war, the same benefits which they would
be entitled to by an act of Congress approved the 30tli day
of March, 1830, cnutled •• An act for the relie! of ceitnm
officers and soldiers of üie \irguua line and navj, and of
the conUnental arnn during the rinolutionan w,ir, 'had
there been no limitation of the provisions ot said act.
REPRESENTATIVES OF ROBERT JOUETT.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Robert Jouett, deceased, was read the third
time, and passed.
ALEXANDRIA FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY.
'The bill from the House to incorporate the Fire
Insurance Company of Alexandria, was read
twice, and referred to the Coinirittee ou the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
THE DISTRICT BANKS.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Benton for
the appointment of a select committee on the sub-
ject of the banks in the District of Columbia,
came up for consideration; and after some remarks
from Messrs. SOUTHARD and BENTON, it
was, on motion of the first-named gentleman, laid
on the table.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
The petition from sundry citizens of Ohio,
praying Congress to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, presented by Mr. Morris on
Thursday last, came up for consideration; the
question being the one raised by Mr. Calhoun,
as to receiving; the petition; when
Mr. LEIGH moved to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until to-morrow,
which motion was agreed to.
TERM OF OFFICE.
The bill to repeal the first and second sections
of the act to limit the term of office of certain
officers therein named, waa taken up as the special
order of the day-, and after some remarks from
Messrs. CALHOUN and CUTHBERT,
Mr. WRIGHT called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill; which were accord-
ingly ordered, an4 the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading—yeas 24, nays 18;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Beaton, Black, Calhoun, Clay, Clayton,
Crittenden, Ewing, Goldsborough, Kent, King of Geor ia,
Leigh, McKean,Mangum, Moore, Naudain, Prentiss, Pies-
ton, Robbins, Southard, Swift, Tomlinson, Tyler, Web-
ster, and White—04.                                             '
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbcrt, Grundv,
Hendricks, Hill, Hubbard, King of Alabama, Knight, Linn,
Moms, Niles, Robinson, Rugglcs, Shepley, Tallmadge,
Wall, and Wright—18.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 11,1836.
Mr. ADAMS said it would be recollected that
on Thursday last, he  made an inquiry of the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
with respect to our commercial relations with
Mexico.   At that time he stated that it was his
intention, unless official information was received,
to submit a proposition to the House.    He had
since been to the Department of State, and there
| ascertained, that in all probability there was no
ground for the statement on which he intended
to predicate his proposition.   He had therefore
no proposition to make at present. He, however,
i had seen two articles which exhibited our rela-
, tions in such a state as to make it necessary both
I for Congress and the Executive to keep a watch-
ful eye to that quarter.   The one was that eleven
1 citizens of the United States had been taken by
the Mexican forces, and shot by order of a court-
martial.    The other was a remonstrance from
the Secretary of Foreign Affairs  of Mexico to
this Government, in relation to the interference
of American citizens in the affairs of Texas.  He
could not say whether the remonstrance was a
