¿6
fíífa CONGRESSIONAL GlOBfc
January 114
Mr. BOND said he meant no disrespect to any
party concerned, but he was very sure, if his
colleague had read the memorial, he would not
■   ■     —.i-----„ <v„m Indiana to wilh-
have ¿iked the gentleman from Indiana to with-
draw his motion. He believed the motion ought
not to be withdrawn. The memorial did not
purport to come from citizens of the Territory
of Michigan, but from the Senate and House of
Representatives of the State of Michigan. We
ou-rht to take care how we establish precedents
of ^this nature. If the memorial was from the
citizens o( the Territory of Michigan, he would
admit their right to have it referred; but this
memorial was not from the citizens of Michigan,
it was from the Legislature of a State which had
never been recognized by Congress. If there was
such a State, it was unknown to the Constitution
and laws. Let us, then, be mindful that we make
no precedent in this case. Michigan has a Rep-
resentative on this floor; and any petitions the
people may have to present through that Repre-
sentative, he would be ready to receive and refer.
Mr. KENNON said he did not rise to make a
speech, he would barely ask to have the memo-
rial read. He said the memorialists did not come
here claiming rights as a State, but they came
Fraying to be admitted as a State into the Union.
t seemed to him that there was too much sensi-
tiveness on this subject.
Mr. LANE said it whs true, that no such State
as Michigan did exist. It was also true that the
citizens of Michigan have a right to petition Con-
gress, and that Congress ought to receive their
petitions. It was, however, his intention, if an
opportunity offered, to submit a motion to obviate
the difficulty; which motion was, that the petition
lie received and referred as from the people of the
Territory of Michigan.
- Mr. PINCKNEY said he would have no objec-
tion to the memorial, if it came constitutionally
before us. What does it purport to be ? A me-
morial from the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the State of Michigan. He would ask
whether there was any such Legislature known
•to the House ? Is there any such State admitted
into the Union ? Gan we recognize her as a State ?
Certainly not. Either she is a Territory or a
State. If a State, how comes it that she is"repre-
sented by a territorial Delegate in Congress ? If
•he is a Territory, how comes this memorial
from a State ? Congress would be transcending
its powers by receiving the memorial as coming
from a State. If we receive this memorial, we
need not attempt to treat her as a Territory. If
we receive it, it would be virtually settling the
question of disputed boundary. He said, in
making these remarks, it must not be inferred
that his mind was made up on the boundary ques- ,
tion. His mind was open to conviction when '
that question came up; but he held Michigan to
be a Territory, and not a State, and denied the
right to treat her as a State until she had been
constitutionally admitted as such.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Ohio, said that, from the
remarks which had been made by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Hannegan,] as well as the
remarks of his colleague,- [Mr. Bond,] who had
inst resumed his setrt, ne thought it necessary for
liifc to make a Short explanation to the House,
lest' he might be
House <tf Representatives of the Slate of Michigan; |
but when he thought more maturely on the sub-
ject, and considered the right of petition secured
by the Constitution to the people of this country,
and that a vote to reject the petition now pre-
sented to this House might be an infringement
of that sacred instrument, he had some misgiv-
ings and some doubts as to the propriety of giving
such a vote, and finally came to the conclusion
that it would absolutely be wrong to give it; and
this was the main reason why he had requested
the gentleman from Indiana to withdraw his mo-
tion to reject, that he (Mr. T.) and the House
might be relieved from the necessity of voting to
reject a petition; for he never had, and, so long
as he might be honored with a seat on that floor,
he never would vote to reject a petition, no matter
from whence it came or fiom whom  it came,
whether it was from the humblest individual that
treads your soil, Mr. Speaker, or from the high-
est in authority in the land; but having received
the petition and attended to its prayer, he would
afterwards consider the expediency, propriety,
and constitutionality of granting that prayer.
.  Mr.  T. said he had heard much said in this
House about its dignity, and our dignity as its
members, and that petitions ought to be in re-
spectful language; but he would ask, if we have
any diguity, where did we acquire it ? from whom
did we derive it ?   Was it not from the people
who sent us here a3 their servants?   And shall
we now turn round to them and say, we are no
longer your servants—we have become your lords,
and you must come to us with your hats under
your arms when you approach our dignity ?   Sir,
this is not my doctrine—that is not my creed.
We have been taunted by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] and others who ad-
vocate the claims of the Territory, with our great
numbers and power on this floor, compared with
poor little Michigan; then why, in this prelimi-
nary step of the presentation of a petition, attack
her?
No, sir, let her be heard; yes, let her have a fair,
a full hearing, not only through a petition from
her citizens, by a petition from her Legislative
Council, and even by a petition from what she
¡ regards as a Senate and House of Representa-
tives, that she and her advocates on this floor, or
i elsewhere, may have no reason to complain; fori
have no fear as to the result of a thorough inves-
tigation of this matter, so far as Ohio is concerned;
fori am perfectly satisfied, the more the subject
of boundary between Ohio and Michigan shall
be scrutinized and examined, the more apparent
1 will be the right of that State to the territory she
claims.
I Mr. KINNARD said that he would be happy
to have it in his power to pursue that course,
with regard to the question before the House,
which might be generous to the people of Mich-
igan, and at the same time just to the State which
he in part represented. From all the delibera-
tion which he had given to the subject, he felt it
his duty to sustain the motion of hi3 colleague,
and regretted that it was a case in which his
feelings of respect for the people of Michigan,
and his sense of justice to his own State,were in
collision.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Beards
credit them according to her wishes. If this were
notthepoint intended—if itwere notthus designed
to  prejudge  favorably the  question  as  to  th
admission of the State into the Union, with he
as well as to his constituents, moi uc uugi  wc  ¡            a                          .               -
misunderstood by either as to the motives which  ,  ■**] has. been, carefuUo impress the House with
governed him in making the request of the gen- | the opinion
rtleman from Indiana he had made.   In order,
-therefore, that he should not be considered as
Íáelding any of the rights of Ohio, Indiana, or
IlinOis, to all the territory which they claim, he
would preface the few remarks he intended to
make on the motion to reject the petition, by
stating both to the House and to the people of
those States, that, as to their right to all the ter-
ritory which they claim, he had not the shadow
of a/dotibt, and those rights he would never yield,
but would ever maintain while there was the
slightest hope of obtaining them, but hoped that
when they contended for their rights they would
be regulated in their struggle by the Constitution
and law.
-' Mr; T. said, that when the motion was first
made by the gentleman from Indiana to reject
• the petition, he thought at the moment it was
right and proper, and that he should vote for it,
because it purported tc be from the Senate and
, that all the merits of the claims of
Michigan, and of the controversy which she seeks
1 with her neighbors, are already known to the
I House. What, then, is intended by theintroduc-
h tion of this paper ? It cannot be for the purpose
¡ of shedding new light on the subject in general,
! for the gentleman says we know all about it. Be-
i lieving, as he did, that Michigan intends, by the
introduction of this paper, to gain a point in her
case, and, after its reception and the consequent
\ reference to the committee, that she will contend
, that a virtual recognition is given, not only that
I she is constitutionally and legally a State of the
I Union, but that she is a State with the limits and
| boundaries to which she is clearly not entitled—
! boundaries which Congress cannot sanction—
I we are thus required to acknowledge that Mich-
jean is a free, sovereign, and independent State.
|, The coripletest evidence on record of such an
I admission on our part would be, to receive her
¡ legislative enactments as such State, and to ac-
the
admission of the ¡State into me union, wiui her
present extraordinary demands—the most unex-
ceptionable means of making herself heard would
have been adopted; in all probability, the Terri
tory, not the State, as in other instances, would
have petitioned through the proper medium, her
Delegate on this floor. If this paper had been
thus presented, he would consider the object of
its introduction far less questionable and the
effect less injurious.
Mr. K. professed himself as much attached to
the interests of Michigan, and to her legitimate
demands when properly presented, as the gen-
tleman from New York, but was surprised that
the honorable gentleman had not manifested quite
as much regard for the interests of Indiana as for
those of the Territory.
Mr. K. considered the introduction of the paper
at this time, and in its present shape, as peculiarly
unfortunate and inexpedient. He hoped the
House would reflect upon the deep anxiety and
excitement which would be produced in a portion
of the West if the doctrine is to be openly and
deliberately avowed in this House that Michigan
is a State—a State entitled to embrace within her
limits a largo portion of Indiana. For one, he
was prepared to say that the State of Indiana
would, under all circumstances, adhere to her
own constitution—to the soil within her just and
constitutional limits. This duty and right on
her part, and the want of constitutional power
on the part of Congress over any State to coerce
her from her position, were so clearly self-evident,
that he would not enter into the discussion of
those points.
Mr. K. said, he felt as ardent an attachment to
the right of petition as any other member; he
would not surrender in behalf of his own con-
stituents its fair and constitutional exercise; and
he would not vote to deny the same sacred privi-
lege to any portion of the American people. But
in behalf of his constituents he claimed the au-
thority to distinguish between the petitions of ths
people of the Territory of Michigan, and the
illegal, unconstitutional demands of the self-styled
Senate and House of Representatives of Michi-
gan, particularly, as in the present case, when
those demands are not only in contempt of the
authority of the Union, in derogation of the in-
dependence and vested rights of Indiana, but alto-
gether mischievous and inexpedient.
Mr. K. said, the rule of comity or courtesy,
, which was principally relied on by the gentleman
i from New York, [Mr. Beardsley,] did not seem
to apply to the question.    If that argument justi-
fies the introduction of this paper—and conse-
quently its reference to the committee and the
i action of the House upon it—there was no extent
1 to which the House might not go.    If, through
1 comity, according to the argument of the honor-
able gentleman, we must admit these illegal and
unconstitutional  demands from a self-existrnt
legislative power unknown to the House, claim-
ing what Congress has never conceded, in the
next place we shall be called upon to admit the
member who is waiting at your door; that ac-
complished, the admission of the State .would
follow.   He denied the constitutional power of
Congress to admit a State into the Union, propos-
ing to dismember a State already formed; and he
thought it very extraordinary that the House was
disposed to entertain such a question.
Mr. K. desired the House to observe, that the
paper to which the question refers alleges a fact
which has no existence. It purports to come
from a State embracing certain limits. Those
limits embrace a portion of the people of Indiana;
and the inference is intended to follow, that those
people were represented in the General Assembly
of Michigan, and had an agency in sending this
obnoxious paper, which he took occasion to deny
Mr. SPANGLER, after a few remarks, said
he should vote for the rejection of the memorial,
for the single reason that it professed to emanate
from a political body not known to that House.
Mr. HOLSEY addressed the House in favor
of receiving the petition and referring it to the
Committee on the Judiciary, which had charge
of the matter.
