88
THET CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
time, when appropriations are etnctly necessary,
or will be proper, we are called on by message to
cause them to be made; and at another time when
the Executive wants the appropriations, but is
afraid to call for them, we are made a tool to call
upon ourselves. There are different modes of
making calls for the public money—direct and
indirect, open and covert.
If it were proper that this House should act
upon this subject, the Executive should make
that fact known—the nation, as well as this
House, should know it. Gentlemen say, if the
Executive is tardy, we should spur him on. All
who were acquainted with General Jackson, well
know that he never needed a spur. Some of the
heads of Departments, ho we ver, did—they wanted
the rowels struck deep. He was disposed to wait
further movements. If there was, indeed, dan-
ger, let the House be informed of it from the
proper quarter.
At the commencement of the session, the Sec-
retary of the Navy had recommended that two
additional frigates and three sloops of war should
be built or fitted out. This was a most ridiculous
recommendation if we were to have a war with
France. If danger was apprehended, let a call
be made, not in a whisper, not in secret conver-
sations out of doors; but let the fact be made
known in a bold, direct manner, in the form of
an executive message. Let those assume the
responsibility whose duty it was to do so.
Mr. GLASCOCK thought there could be no
doubt as to the propriety of adopting the resolu-
tion, as it was one of inquiry merely. That there
should be some immediate action on this subject
all would agree. The adoption of the resolution
would not shield the Executive or the Navy De-
partment from any responsibility; nor did it
authorize a supposition that there was any dis-
position in that quarter to shrink from responsi-
bility. This House should act for itself, not as
the creature of another Department of the Gov-
ernment. They should be willing to share the
responsibility resulting from this inquiry. It
was a mere inquiry into the expediency of a
measure; and in furtherance of that inquiry, the
committee would doubtless call on the Navy
Department for its views, and it would then be
seen that there was no disposition on the part
of the Executive to avoid responsibility. This
should be done at once; and if the resolution
was adopted, it was probable that they might
expect a report in the morning. If they looked
to the preparations of a foreign Power, there was
good reason to expect a serious difficulty was
impending. The time had arrived when this
House should show to the country a willingness
to act, and act promptly. Were they to consult !
the President in regard to their duty orr this sub-
ject ? Was this House afraid to act uponits own |
responsibility ? Por one he was prepared to act j
—he was prepared to anticipate the course of the
Executive in this emergency, and to do what he
conceived to be his duty, leaving the Executive
and the other Departments to do theirs; and he
had no fears but they would act promptly and
avoid no responsibility, and he wished this House
to do the same. We are presumed (said Mr. G.)
to know our duties, and, knowing them, should
not shrink from their performance.
Mr. HAMMOND said, this was an extraordi-
nary resolution, and the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Glascock] had supported it with most ex-
traordinary arguments. He had said, that on
the evidence around us he was for the immediate
' action of this House upon this subject I under-
stand him to be for putting the country in a state
of hostile preparation. To what evidence does
the gentleman allude ? Were they the paragraphs
of foreign newspapers, with which the country
has been lately inundated? Did gentlemen call
upon this House to legislate upon this kind of
information? If, sir, we are to have war, let
the proposition come to us from the proper quar-
ter, and let us not be smuggled into one by reso-
lutions such as this, predicated on the idle ru-
mors of the newspapers. Had a resolution been
offered, calling for information, from the Execu-
tive, (Mr. H. said,) he would have voted for it
cheerfully; but without that information he could
not consent to act. The question of war was a
great uuestion.   It involved vast interests.   It
' should not be entertained in any shape, without
all the information the Executive could give, and
should then be fully discussed and deliberately
decided. For his part, he could sec nothing that
had happened to chango matrrially the relations
of this country with France since the opening of
the session. The French Government had re-
fused to pay the indemnity to Mr. Barton. It
was not the first refusal. No man in this House
or in this country could have expected its pay-
ment on his demand, under the circumstances.
The President himself could not have looked for
it, when he instructed him to make the demand.
Gentlemen spoke of the tardy movements of the
Government, and that it required spurring. He
hoped the House would not suffer itself to be
booted and spurred for the purpose of kicking
this country into a war. There nas been irrita-
tion enough already. This resolution was calcu-
lated to have that effect. There have been mes-
sages and correspondence, diplomatic and undi-
' plomatic, sufficient for that purpose; and he hoped
this House would be disposed to allay rather
than increase the excitement. He saw no cause
for war. He believed a war would be entirely
unnecessary; and were it not for the serious con-
sequences it involved, he should say it would be
utterly ridiculous in both parties. He looked
upon the resolution as the commencement of a
series of war measures. He should not, there-
fore, vote for it, nor would he at this time sup-
1 port any measures looking towards a war.           ,
Mr. HA WES said he was mortified, deeply
mortified, at the remarks of the gentlemen from
Virginia and South Carolina, [Mr. WiseandMr. '
Hammond.]    Sir, (said he,) it is my individual
opinion, and one which I believe is founded in
fact, that it was owing to speeches of a similar ,
character with these, that the Government of j
France had not already discharged a debt which '
was due citizens of the United States, upon every i
Í)rinciple of justice, and which she had bound '
íerself to discharge by a solemn treaty.   It was
such speeches as these which had mainly con- i
j tributed to rob us of our just rights, and had en-
\ dangeredthe peace of this country with herancient
ally and friend.   Could American citizens, could
members of an American Congress, utter senti-
ments which would be hailed in France as evi-
dences that we were unwilling to protect our conn- '
try from the invasion of a hostile force ?   What
possible objection, he would ask, could be properly
made to a resolution "of mere inquiry into the
expediency of increasing the naval force in com-
mission, when it was evident to all, that there was ,
at least some ground to believe that there might
be a rupture between the two nations ?   Sir, while
France is actually making preparations for the
worst that may happen—and if newspaper intelli-
gence'was to be relied on, their fleets were actually
on their way to this country—shall we stand idly
by and see our coast unprotected, and liable to be
i invaded by a foreign enemy?   The course of the
i gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] was pecu-
liarly strange and unaccountable.   Many of his
constituents, he believed, resided on the sea-board,
and were consequently exposed to invasions and
assaults from foreign naval powers; and when a
proposition is now made to inquire into the expe-
diency of preparing to repel invasion, and protect
the lives and property of those whose Represent-
ative he is, that gentleman rises in his place here
and opposes it.   It was a matter between the gen-
tleman and his constituents, but he hoped the
House would be unanimous in their adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. McKEON asked the indulgence of the
House for a few moments. It was Veil-known
that he was not in the habit of intruding himself,
and, but for the circumstances in which he found
himself placed, he should have remained a silent
observer of the discussion. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Hawes] informed us that he was
mortified to hear the language of the gentlemen
from Virginia and from South Carolina, [Messrs.
Wise and Hammond,] who addressed the House
in opposition to the resolution upon the table.
He was not only mortified, but also astonished at
their arguments at such a period—at such a crisis
as that in which we find the country nowplaced.
Representing, as he did in part, a portion of the
Union deeply interested in the question which
now engrosses the public mind, he (Mr. McK.)
could not but endeavor to give an impulse to an
investigation which had for its object the defense
of our sea-coast, and the protection of our com-
merce. Well might he be astonished to hear
opposition to a measure of this nature with re-
gard to the increase of our naval force, when the
rumor is abroad that we have a squadron ap-
proaching our very borders! when the noise is
actually ringing in our ears of the armaments in
hostile array ! While everything portends diffi-
culty, and points out the propriety and necessity
of preparation, we must pause and discuss the
expediency of inquiry into the propriety of moving
forward in a work which relates to the public
defense. We must debate the question by whom
the first step ought to be taken—on whom the
responsibility ought to rest. For one, he was
willing to assume the responsibility.
Why, sir, (said Mr. McK.,) Iwussenthere
to take responsibility like that now under con-
sideration. Every member of this House was
bound to take similar responsibility. We are
bound to our constituents, to the country, by
every tie which can unite us to the honor and
safety of the country, not to hesitate. The
present situation of our foreign affairs required
the patriotism and action of every member of
the Government. While around all was activity,
we ought not to be passive. It was well known
that the Executive, as the head of the Govern-
ment, had been alive to the importance of this
question. To the Executive, thecountry, through-
out the long and difficult negotiations to which
gentlemen had alluded, looked with anxiety;
and thus far the movements of his patriotic ad-
ministration had received the grateful applause
of the country. The Chief Magistrate had
thrown into the whole question the powers of
his mighty intellect, had called into action his
•wonderful foresight, and with sleepless vigilance
had endeavored to obtain the rights of our citi-
zens, and to maintain the dignity of the country
With an Executive identified, as he is, with the
history of the most brilliant periods of thecoun-
try, he had no fears but that in his hands the
interest and character of our country would be
entirely secure. While Other branches of the
Government were zealously engaged, must wo
hesitate to execute our portion of the task im-
posed upon us by the peculiar state of things ?
It did not become us (said'Mr. McK.) to hesi-
tate about directing ah irtquiry into the expediency
of putting the country into a state of preparation
against aggression. It cannot result in producing
trouble—it cannot throw us into difficulty. The
resolution should have been adopted without a
question; but, sir.it appears obstacles must be
thrown in the way—impedimeiits interposed be-
fore us to operate upon our minds and deter us
from an attempt to overcome them. The gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Hammond] threw
Out the suggestion that a war into which this
country was about to be plunged would be a
ridiculous war, and fatal to the liberties of the
country. Who talks of war? Who has sounded
the tocsin which is to give the alarm throughout
the country, to disturb the quiet of the land, and
conjure up into timid minds the dire apparitions;
of desolation and destruction, the concomitants
of a belligerent stale ? No one but the gentleman
himself. If war must come, it was a question to
be settled hereafter. That was not the question
then under consideration, but merely whether it
was expedient to- inquire if the country should be
put in a state of preparation. The inquiry may
be necessary in other points totally separated
from our present difficulties. The gentleman from
South Carolina tells us we are to be driven into—
spurred into a war with France, which he, if it
should happen, would term a ridiculous war
Sir, I deprecate as much as he does a state of
hostility. I regret that he has used the term
''ridiculous.'' Much as I regret war, I prefer it to
dishonorable peace. Ridiculous he may consider
the war, if it must come; but there may be a
peace which cannot be otherwise than degrading.
With robberies committed years.ago upon our
unoffending citizens, and presenting in the acts a
gross violation of the code of civilized nations—
with years of patient negotiation—with a treaty
solemnly ratified->-added to all these injuries the
