1836.
ttflR^^NtTRESSIONAL ®LdM*
M
does not. In this way France ha  gained one ||
or two millions of dollars from us, besides the j,
encouragement to her wine trade. On the article
of silks she is also gaining money from us in the
same way, not by treaty, but bv law. Our dis-
crimininating duties in favor of silks from thisside
the Cape of Good Hopo, operate almost entirely
in her favor. Our great supplies of silks are from
France, England, and China. In ten years, and
under the operation of this discriminating duty,
our imports of French silks have risen from
$2,000,000 per annum to f 6,500,000; from Eng-
land, they hare risen from j>550,000 to §750,000-,
from China they have sunk from §3,250,000 to
$1,250,000. This discriminating duty has left
between one and two millions of dollars in the
pockets of Frenchmen, besides the encouragement
to the silk manufacture and trade. Why, then,
has she sent this squadron to observe us first,
and to strike us eventually? She knows our
pacific disposition towards her, not only from our
own words and actions, but from the official re-
port of her own officers; fromthe very officer sent
out last spring, in a frigate, to carry back the
recalled minister. Here is his report, made to
the Minister of Marine, and communicated to the
Chamber of Deputies in the month of April last.
Listen to it, and see how fully it establishes, not ¡
only our pacific dispositions toward France, but
the afFectionof our citizens for her, and the solici-
tude of our officers to honor her flag and gratify
her feelings:
" Brest, JtpdU, 1835.
"I hare the honor to inform you that the brig d'As«as
sailed from New York on the lith of March last, at the
same tune with the American packet ship Albany, in winch
M. t-errurier and his family are returning to France, and
arrived in the roads of Brest on the 14th of this month,
lifter a passage of twenty-four days. I remained in the
United states until the 11th of March, as the Charge d 'Af-
faires of France, at whose disposition your Excellency
placed me, did not wish to dispatch me back until the rising
of Congress, which took glace on the 4tli of that month.
During my stay at New\ork,I found among the richest
and best educated persons the greatest affection and sym-
pathy for France. This they e\prcsscd to us by every pos-
sible attention, and every delicate kindne=s, which their
hospitable dispositions could suggest. Half an hoar after
my leaving the East river, an American schooner of war,
knowing the time at which I was. to depart, got under sail.
She crossed my way about a league from the place of an-
chorage, and when about two cables' length from us, she
hoinc-d the French flag on her mizcn-mast, and fired seven
guns, which wore immediately returned; she kept the tri-
color flying as long as we were in sight. 1 then saw the
American ingate Constitution, towed by two steamboats on
her way to New York. As soon as 1 crossed her, I saluted
tier commodore with thirteen guns, which he immediately
returned, gun for gun."
Mr. B. resuming, said this was the report made
to the French Government, by a French officer,
after the rise of the last session of Congrees, and
after the departure of Mons. Serrurier; and how
was it received in the Chamber of Deputies, to
Which it was communicated? He (Mr. 6.1 would
"•tiow one example of the manner in which it was
received, and for that purpose would read a par-
"agraph from the speech of the Deputy, Mons. de
Ranee:
" Gentlemen, we should put on one side of the tribune the
twenty five millions, on the other side the sword of France.
When the Americans see this good long sword, this very
long sword, gentlemen, (for it struck down cvervthmgfrom
Lisbon to Moscow,) they will perhaps recollect "what it did !
for the independence of their country ; they will perhaps,
400, reflect upon what it could do to support and avenge the
honor and dignity of France, when outraged by an ungrate-
ful people, [tries of'Well said!-] Believe me, gentlemen,
 ey would sooner tonch your money, than dare to touch
jrour sword; and for your twenty-five millions they will
bring you back the satisfactory receipt which it is your duty
to enact.   [Great approbauon from the extremities.]"
Another Deputy, Mons. Fleury de Chabaulon,
allowed himself to discourse thus:
V Th£,¿n8uU of President Jackson comes from himseH"
only. This is more evident, from the refusal of the Amer-
ican Congress to concur with him in it. The French Cham-
ber, by interfering, would render the affair more serious,
ami make its arrangement more difficult and even danger-
ous. Let ns put the case to ourselves. Suppose the United
States had taken part with General Jackson, we should
have had to demand satisfaction not from him, but from the
United States; and, instead of now talking about negotia-
tion, we should have had to make appropriations for a war
and to intrust to our heroes of Navarino and Algiers the
task of teaching the Americans, that France knows the
way to Washington as well as England."                         I
This was the language of the Deputies, and it
.was thus received with applause, and that six
weeks after the rise of our Congress, which had
•hown itself pacific, and two weeks after the re-
port of the captain of the frigate D'Assas, attest-
ing the friendship of our feelings, and the read^
incss of our officers to salute, with honor, the flag
of France. And this language was not only re-
ceived with applause in the Chamber, but it has
been acted upon by the French Government.
Two royal ordinances have appeared in the Mon-
t'feur, under date of the 2d of December last; and
under these ordinances, Admiral Mackau is to
take command of the "squadron of observation,"
which was immediately to proceed to the West
Indies; and the Constitutionnel, which is the semi-
official paper of the Government, and nearly equal
in authority to the vtfonitrttr, after stating that this
measure was warranted by the actual state of the
difficulties With the United States, goes on to
"■applaud the Government, for thus preparing, long
beforehand, a d concentrating the power in the hands
of one who is firm and capable of ttstn  it to advan-
tage trhen necessary." Thus, the language of the
Deputies, and the conduct of the Government,
correspond; and the fleet must now be approach-
ing our coast, which bears that long sword, at
the sight of which our terrified hearts and falter-
ing tongues must deliver the satisfactory answer
which French chivalry exacts!
Mr. B. said, he had never spoken unkindly of
the French nation—neither in his place here as
Senator, nor in his private capacity elsewhere.
Born since the American Revolution, bred up in
habitual affection for the French name, comino
upon the stage of life when the glories of the Re-
public and of the Empire were filling the world
and dazzling the imagination, politically connected
with the party which, a few years ago, was called
French, his bosom had glowed with admiration
for that great people, and youthful affection had
ripened into manly friendship. He would not
now permit himself to speak unkindly, much less
to use epithets; but he could not avoid fixing his
attention upon the reason assigned in the Consti-
tutionnel for the present advance of the French
squadron upon us. That reason is this: "America
will hare no force capable of being opposed to it."
This is the reason. Our nakedness, our destitu-
tion, have drawn upon us the honor of this visit;
and we are now to speak, and vote, and so demean
ourselves, as men standing in the presence of a
force which they cannot resist, and which had
taught the lesson of submission to the Turk and
the Arab! And here I change the theme; I turn
from French intimidation to American legislation;
and 1 ask, how it comes that we have no force to
oppose to this squadron, which comes here to take
a position upon our borders, and to show us that
it knows the way to Washington as well as the
English? This is my future theme; and I have
to present the American Senate, as the respons-
ible party for leaving our country in this wretched
condition. First, there is the three million appro-
priation which was lost by the opposition of the
Senate, and which carried down with it the
whole fortification bill, to which it was attached.
That bill, besides the three millions, contained
thirteen specific appropriations for works of de-
fense, part originating in the House of Repre-
sentatives, and part in the Senate,and the partic-
ulars of which he would read.
Mr. B. then read:
For the fort on George's Island....................$15,000
For the repairs of Fort Independence.............    8,000
For Fort Adams..................................100,000
FortlieiortatThrog's Neck...................... 30,060
Repairing Fort Columbus.........................  13,000
Rebuilding Fort Dehware........................130,000
For fortifications in Charleston harbor.............  20,000
Fort atCockspur Island..........................   80.000
Fort at Pcnsacola................................ 26¡000 ',
Fort on Foster's bank............................ G5,000
Repairs of Fort Mifflin...........................  75,000
Armament of fortifications........................100^000
Contingencies...................................   10,000
All these  specific  appropriations   (continued
Mr. B.) were lost in the bill, which was sunk bv
the opposition of the Senate to the three millions',
which were attached to it by the House of Rep-
resentatives.    He (Mr. B.) was not a member
of the conference committee which had the dis-
agreement of the two Houses committed to its !
charge, and could go into no detail as to what I
happened in that conference; he took  his stand i
upon the palpable ground   that the  opposition
which the Senate made to the three millions, the
speeches which denounced it, and the prolonged
invectives against the President, which inflamed '
fhé páfsstons and eVÁisumed the precious time at
the last" foment of the session, Were the true
causes of the loss of that bill, and so leaves the
responsibility for the loss on the shoulders of the
Senate.
Of this three million appropriation (Mr. B.
said) the country had heard much; but there was
another material appropriation lost in the Senate,
of which nothing had been said; he alluded to the
sum of $500,000, which originated in the Senate's
Committee on Military Affairs, and which, as the
chairman of that committee, and under its direc-
tion, he had recommended in a report and pro-
posed as an amendment to the same fortification
bill which was afterwards sunk under the three
millions. Tire report was made on the 18th of
February, and he would read it:
" The Senate's Committee on Military Affairs, which has
had the subject under consideration, report:
" That it is expedient to increase the appropriations here-
tofore made for the national defense; and that, in addition
to the sums now contained in, «he bill for fortifications, and
m addition to the two sums of $100,000, each heretofore re-
commended by this committee to be inserted in the said bill
for fortifications, and the armament thereof, the further sum
of 9500,000 be recommended to be inserted therein, for the
repair, completion, and construction of fortifications, and
to provide the necessary armament therefor. And the com
niittee have directed their chairman tomove an amendment
accordingly, at the proper time, to the fortification appro-
priation bill."
The motion was made in the Senate to insert
this appropriation of $500,000. The sense of the
Senate was so clearly against it, that he (Mr. B.)
did not press it, nor call for a division. It was
rejected when offered; and thus the Senate, some
days before they objected to the three millions as
being too large and general, had rejected a much
smaller appropriation, and one that was specific.
The third act of the Seriate which Mr. B.
brought forward to establish the responsibility of
the Senate for the present condition of the coun-
try, and the consequent visit of the French fleet,
was the fact of laying on the table, and refusing
even to consider, a resolution which he brought
forward about the middle of February, calling on
the President for plans and estimates for the gen-
eral and permanent defense of the country by sea
and land. It was a call for plans and estimates,
and probable amounts of surplus revenue, with
the sole view to the defense of the country; yet
it was laid upon the table by the vote of the
majority, and upon the motion of an opposition
Senator; and, of all the acts of the Senate, it seemed
to him to be the one which went further in show-
ing the indisposition of this body to provide for
the defense of the country. It was not merely a
refusal to apply money, but a refusal to have in-
formation by which money could be applied, and
that while making it a standing topic of reproach
that the President had not furnished plans and
estimates.
The fourth circumstance on which Mr. B. re-
lied to show that the Senate was responsible for
the present naked and defenseless condition of
the country, and for the humiliation to which we
were now subjected in being superintended by the
herons of Algiers and Navarino, was the project of
certain Senators to apply the public moneys in a
different direction, namely, to divide them among
the States, and which required them to keep the
sum for distribution as large as possible, in order
to present captivating dividends to each distrib-
utee. The plan of putting the country in a pos-
ture of defense was incompatible with these plans
of distributing the revenues. The two plans can-
not go on together; one or the other must give
way; and he had purposely drawn the resolution
under consideration to make an issue between
them, and to draw the line between those who will
put their country in a state of defense, and those
who will leave it naked and helpless.
Mr. B. had felt it his duty to bring to the notice
of the Senate the approach of the French squadron
of observation, and to show that itenme, because
" America had no force capable of being opposed to
it." It was a subsidiary argument, and a fair
illustration of the dangers and humiliations of a
defenseless position. It should stimulate us to
instant and vigorous action—to the concentration
of all our money, and all our hands, to the sacred
task of national defense. For himself he did not
believe there would be war, because he knew that
there ought not to be war; but that belief would
