i8«a
MB GOl^afcESSiaNAL GLOHB.
00
APPROPRIATION BILL.                        |
An engrossed bill, making appropriations, in
part, foi the support of Government for the year
1836, iias read the thud time.
"Mi. JOHNSON, of Tennessee,saidhevv¡shed
this bill ami mlcd, so as to i< duce the contingent
cxn^nsi s of the House to the ¡standard of 183~,
ami !\ hoped tlu House would afford its unani-
mous consent for the puipose of enabling him to
make the motion.
Mr. CAMDRELENG expressed the same
wii>h.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, should
move that the bill be recommitted to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or to a Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, with,
instructions to inquire into the expediency of
making the retrenchments suggested by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee. In that way the bijl
could be amended, and they could hav e the bene-
fit o/ a full discussio  on the subject. He made
the former motion.
Mr. CAMBRELENG expressed a hope that
the gentleman would withdraw the motion. The
object was to reduce the appropriations to the
standard of four years ago, and he trusted the
bill would not be delayed.
Mr. WILLIAMS would assent to the request,
but he wished the inquiry to go further than the
gentleman proposed, and to inquire whether the
amount of 1832 n as itself not too large.
Mr. ADAMS said, it made little difference
whether this bill was amended or not, for if it
were, there mould be a supplemental bill to the
general appropriation bill. Mr. A. apposed the
mil.
Mr. HARDIN entered into a statement to shoir
the expenses for printing, dkc., for 1833,1834rand
1835, and read a table which he had himself made1
out.
Mr. CAMBRELEN& moved that the MJ1 he
recommitted to a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. Mr. C. intimated his inten-
tion shortly to propose a bill to make the appro-
priation year, in regard to all the officers of the
Government, commence on March 31, if no other
gentleman did so.
Mr. WILLIAMS then withdrew his motion to
refer to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. UNDERWOOD renewed the motion, for
the reason, he said, of instructing the Committee
of Ways and Means on the subject of mileage.
Mr. U. said this matter ought to be settled. Some
pf his own predecessors, coming from his own
immediate neighborhood, had charged 1,100,
1,900, 1,300 miles, others 600, 700, and 800;
and it was time this matter was looked into.
Mr. CAMBRELENG Would suggest that the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
would be the proper committee to refer this sub-
ject to, and not to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mi. WHITTLESEY said, to send the sub-
ject to the Committee of Ways and Means would
greatly embarrass it. He thought it should go
either to the committee indicated by the gentle-
man fiom New Yoik, or to a select committee.
Mr. W. went on to show that the contingent ex-
penses for printing were easily accounted for, by
the fact of tlje extra number of copies ordered by
the House, for which many members had voted
Who expressed themselves in favor of reform and
economy. The former practice of the House was
to print n~ more than five thousand copies of the ,
Piesident's message and accompanying docu-
ments; now, ten, fifteen, and twenty thousand
were printed.
Mr. CRAIG preferred referring the bill to an- |
other committee than the Committee on the state I
ofthe Union. The gi eat inequality in the mileage I
,6f the members, though it might seem a small ,
matter, involved an important principle.                I
Mr. WISE said he fi It the rebuke of the gen-
tleman from Ohio; for it was he himself who had
made the motion this session to print the extra I
number pf copies, and he hoped God would for- |
give him for that vote.    He was wrong, and the i
gentleman from Ohio was right.    Mr. W. a ain
reiterated the charge against the printers oftlie
House for not having used due  expedition in
furnishing those copies. Mr. W. also complained
of the printing of the House and that of the De-
I partments being given to the same printer.
i Mr. GILLET made a brief explanation of the
causes of the delay that had taken place. It was
in no way assignable to the present printers, for
the delay had not arisen from them. Mr. G.'s ex-
planation was substantially the same as that which
appeared in the Globe a few days ago.
Mr. LANE said, the only remedy that could
be applied Was to pass a law that the mileage of
each member should be published to the world, in
a manner to be seen and read by the people—by
the constituents of each member.
Mr. L. voted for the motion of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Wise] to print an extra num-
ber pf the Piesident's message, and he neither
regretted nor felt it his duty to confess bis error
forgiving that vote. The extra numbers were
not printed fov the benefit of the mcmbcis of thi
House, but for the people—.their cotibtituents 
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] com-
plained ofthe extra printing and the Government
Satronage to the public printer. When, (said
Ir. L.,) did weeverhear of tins complaint—now
tha« an American-born citizen, one of the free-
born sons of Columbia has the printing—other-
wise when the same favors were showered upon
a foreigner?
• Mr. PARKER drew the attention of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Whittlesey] to the post
office minority report, twenty-five thousand copies
of which were ordered, at his instance, to be
printed last session, which cost a vast deal more
than printing the President's message, and which
contained a large body of undigested evidence,
that few ever rend, ano no one codld understand.
Mr. P. then referred to the mass of memoria's,
Setitions, speeches, &c, of members of Congress,
unngthe "panic"session, winch faiilyblocked
up the avenues in the Capitol, employed some
score or two of persons to fold, and the very
folding paper to one speech, he was credibly in-
formed, cost the country upwards of four hundred
dollars. Mr. P. said it would be found, that, for
yeats past, the balance of public printing had
been in favor of the House.
|     Mr. WARDWELL  was surprised that the;
i gentleman from Ohio could j>ut his hand ón no
other documentthan the President's message, the
very one, of all others, that ought to be distub-
nted. Mr. W. had always strenuously opposed
the extra printing by that House. He would ask,
who ever read the gentleman's report, of which
I twenty-five thousand copies were prmted' It
was strange that nothing had been said by gen-
tlemen of the expenses of printing before the
present session, When,for the first time, a printer
had been elected favorable to the Administration,
He hoped this bill would not be encumbered with
the subject of mileage; but if the gentleman
wished an alteration in the law, let him move the
customary resolution.
Mr. WISE said the public printer knew, be-
yond a moral certainty, three or four months ago,
that he would be elected printer to the House.
i Mr. W. expressed his assent to a proposition for
employing their own printer; for he did not de-
Sire to make a contemptible issue between Gales
&, Seaton, for whom he had never voted, and
Clair & Rives. He intended hereafter to move
for the appointment of a committee to inquire
into the whole subject of public printing.
Mr. CRAIG moved that the House adjourn;
but withdrew it, to enable the Speaker to present
the following communications:
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF OHIO.
| The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed:
, To the House of Rep> estntatuies of th  United Statts-
Having laid before Congress on the 9th ultimo, the corre-
I spondence which had previously taken place relative to the
controversy between Ohio and Michigan, on the question
oí boundary between that State and Territory, I now trans-
mit reports from the Secretaries of State and \Var mi the
subject, With the papers therein referred to.
1     ,                                               ANDREW JACKSON.
WXSBinoTot, 1U* January, 1835.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
I. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury
on the subject of the condition of the incorpo-
rated banks irt the District of Columbia.
Referred to the Select Committee on the Banks
in the District, and ordered to be printed.
II.   A communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, relative to certain claims in the
district of New Orleans, Louisiana.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed
III.  A letter from the Secretary Of the Treas-
ury, transmitting documents in reference to the
progress made in the construction of the bridge
across the Potomac at Washington.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed,
IV.  A'letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting a list of the clerks employed in his
Department.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
V And a letter from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a report of the Seconfl Auditor on
the contingent expenses of the Military Academy
for 1835.                                 '                                i
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printei. ,
The House then adjourned
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 13, 1836.
On motionhy Mr. WEBSTER, the bill making
appropriations to suppress hostilities Commenced
by the Seminóles was taken up, read the third
time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Navy Department, made in compliance with the
provisions of the ninth section of the act of the
20th April, 1818  showing the number of clerks
employed in that Departtneat and the Navy Com*
miisioners' Office for the past year, with the
compensation paid to each.
Also, a repoit from the Treasury Department 
prepared by the Register of the Treasury, in
obedience to the provisions ofthe act to regula t«
and fix the compensation of the clerks employed
in the different public offices.
PETITION S^ MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. TALLMADGE preserrted $ie petition of
William Af Weaver, praying Congress to author-
ize the construction of certain steam fire-ships;
which -was referreá to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the memorial of
the corporate authorities'¿f the town of Alexan-
dria, praying Cttngress to relieve them of their
pecuniary embarrassments; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
Isaac Bronson, praying to be allowed the com1-
mutation due him as surgeon's mate in the army
of the -(Revolution; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. KENT presented the petition of the Pre-
sident and'Directors of the Bank of Columbia,
praying an extension pf tfyeir charter for a limited
time, to enable them f.o wind up their business;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
t Mr. TYLER presented a petition, numerously-
signed by merchants of the District of Columbia,
Craving for the speedy recharter of the District
anks; which was ordered to be printed, and
referred _ to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. T., at the same time, gave notice that he
would, at as early a day as the business of the
Senate would permit, call up the bill reported by
the Committee on the District for the extension
of the charters of the said banks.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of the
representatives of Henry Morfit, deceased, pray-
ing compensation for his revolutionary services;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mf. TALLMADGE, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to which had been referred the
petition of A. B. Ostrander, reported a bill for his
relief; which was read and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to which the memorial on the
subject had been referred, reported a bill autho -
