96
THE CONGRESSIONAL (ÍLQ R.
January 13,
king the Achatita Railroad Companyjo locate
their road through the lands of theTJnited Suites,
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr H., from the same committee, reported,
without amendment, the bill to authorize the Lea-
venworth and Bloommgton, and other railroad
companies, to locate their roads through the lands
of the United States.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to which had been referred the
petition of the heirs of Henry Eckford, deceased,
reported a bill for their relief; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. ROBINSON, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which had been referred the peti-
tion of the legal representatives of Moses Shep-
herd, deceased, reported f  bill for their relief;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which had been referred the bill for
the better organization of the corps of Topo-
graphical Engineers, reported the same without
amendment.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. SOUTHARD submitted the following
resolution; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be m-
gtracted to inquire into the expediency of providing such
defenses for Key West as shall render it a safe rendezvous
and depot for the Navy.
Mr. ROBBINS submitted the following resolu-
tions; which lie on the table one day:
Retohti, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
naval depot and port of expedition and rendezvous within
the waters ot Narragansett bay.
Resolved, That so much of the report of Uie Board of
Navy Commissioners, made October 19,1839, and of the
report of the Secretary of the Navy, made December 6,
1830, as relates to the establishment of a depot within said
waters, together with the report of the survey of the said
bay, communicated to the Senate December 19,1833, with
the several charts relating to the same, be referred to the
said committee.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
to compensate Augustus Jones, marshal of Missouri, for
services rendered the public in detecting and breaking np
bands of counterfeiters, who were flooding the country
With spurious money; and that said committee coll on the
Secretary of the Treasury for information relating to this
subject.
BILL-INTRODUCED.
Mr. EWING, on leave, introduced a bill to
authorize the selection of certain lands in lieu of
those disposed of, which would have been the
property of the State of Ohio, under the grant of
Congress for the Miami and Erie canal; which
was read twice and referred.
SUFFERERS BT NEW YORK FIRE.
On motion by Mr. WRlGHT.th* Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of sufferers by fire in the city ofNew York.
Mr. CALHOUN moved to strike out from the
Dill the second section. He was opposed to all
that did not provide for the actual sufferers. He
was opposed to becoming the general insurers for
all losses, whether of an agricultural manufactur-
ing, or commercial community.
Mr. "WRIGHT held in his hand a statement
showing the amount of bonds for duties to be
|3,600,000. Mr. W. said if the second section
should be stricken out, relief would then be ex-
tended to only a portion of the sufferers.
Mr. CLAY did not like either of the sections,
and perhaps it was not possible to piepare one to
meet the views of all the other gentlemen of the
Senate. He had, however, prepared two sections
to meet his views, and wished the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] to withdraw his
amendment for the present, in order that he might
introduce it. He objected to the bill, as reported,
on account of the inequality of its operation.
The second section of the bill as reported provided
for cases where no loss had been incurred by the
persons who were to have the benefits of it. The
mercantile community of New York were exceed-
ingly sensitive, and the distinction taken by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wright] was
entirely too refined. It was an old saying, that
there was no friendship in trade. By tie re-
port  d bill, relief was extended to all persons who
had imported goods into the port of New York.
Suppose(said Mr. C) there are other persons who
import into New York not citizens of that place—
persons from Philadelphia—were they to be ex-
cluded from the benefits of the provisions of the
bill? It is said (continued Mr. C.) that the Gov-
ernment may give relief to this man or to that
man, as the case may seem to require. It was the
want of universality in the bill that made it objec-
tionable to him. He did not consider this like a
case of a poor debtor whose debt the Government
were likely to lose. Here Mr. C. submitted his
amendments as follows:
1.  That in all cases where merchandise was consumed
by fire in the city of New York, on the 16th and 17th of
December, 1835, the duties paid or accruing thereon shall
be refunded or remitted, under such rules and regulations
m regard to evidence as the Secretary of the Treasury may
presetibe: Provided, That the total amount to be allowed
under the act shall not exceed                 dollars. And if
the amount of the aforesaid duties shall be ascertained to
exceed that sum, it shall be divided between the sufferers
ratably, in proportion to their respective losses.
2.  That in all cases of bonds taken-poor to the aforesaid
fire, for duties on merchandise imported into the port of
New York by persons who have suffered loss by the said
fire, in the destruction of their buildings or effects, to the
amount of their respective bonds, it shall be lawful, under
such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, to extend the time of paj ment of
the aforesaid bonds to three, four, and five years, in equal
. installments, with the assent of the securities, or to take
' new bonds, with sufficient surety or sureties, provided that
no such indulgence shall be given in the case of any bond
which had fallen due before the fire aforesaid.
Mr. CLAY resumed: If we had a Government
warehouse system introduced, and the Govern-
ment had lost the goods, there would be no doubt
of the liability and power. The amendment he
had offered would employ the vigilance of the
merchants who had actually sustained losses, to
prevent frauds upon the munificence of the Gov-
ernment. They would know through the entries
and clerks in the custom-house, and the regulations
of the port of entry, when fraudulent attempts
were made to consume the sum appropriated for
their benefit. There were cases which the bill
might not meet, but in a general provision of this
kind it was not to be expected that every case
would be provided for.
Mr. WRIGHT said he was compelled to trou-
ble the Senate with a very few remarks, and he
found himself very delicately situated, if he cor-
rectly understood the state of the question. To
make himself sure upon that point, he would ask
if he was right in supposing that the honorable
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] had
withdrawn his motion to strike out the second
section of the bill ? [Mr. Calhoun signified that
he had withdrawn the motion.] Mr. W. con-
tinued. He said the question was then upon the
amendment offered by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky," [Mr. Clay,] which was virtually to
remit the duty upon the goods burned. This was
apart of the relief prayed for by the citizens of
New York, in the memorial in their behalf which
had been presented to the Senate, but a relief
separate and distinct from that provided for in the
bill under discussion. This bill merely provided
for forbearance of the debts due to the Govern-
ment for duties, in consequence of the calamitous
fire. Another bill, he felt authorized to say,
would be presented, or would come from the
other branch of Congress, proposing a remission
or refunding of the duties upon the burned goods;
and the delicacy of the situation of himself and
his colleague arose from the fact, that if they
should vote against the amendmentnow proposed,
providing for this relief, they would be subject
to the misrepresentation and misconstruction of
voting against that part of the relief prayed for
by their constituents; while, if they voted for the
amendment, they necessarily, by its adoption,
denied what he considered the more general, and,
so far as that whole great commercial community
was concerned, more important relief of a for-
bearance of payment of the outstanding duty
bonds.
In this position, he knew but one course; and
that was, to pursue singly the object proposed by
the bill before the Senate, and to postpone to
some future occasion the remaining wishes of the
sufferers. He would say, however, that neither
himself nor his colleague had made up their
minds that the relief proposed by the amendment
could not be properly extended; and their votes
against the amendment must be understood merely
to indicate that they were unwilling to substitute
that measure of relief for the one provided for in
the bill, and not that they were unwilling to grant
both; not that they were opposed to the principle
of the amendment, but that they could not consent
to adopt it at the expense of sacrificing another
measure of relief, equally important, and, in
their judgment, more clear from objection.
Mr. W. said he was not disposed to disguise
or deny that the bill before the Senate granted to
the merchants of New York the use, without in-
terest, of an amount of capital equal to the
amount of bonds the payment of which was for-
borne, and for a time equal to that forbearance.
This he understood to be the object of the bill.
An immense amount of the capital of that com-
mercial city had been annihilated by the fire.
Property to the value of between seventeen and
eighteen millions had been entirely destroyed in
the period of a few hours; and he had supposed
that the object of the bill was, by a forbearance
of payment upon the duty bonds, to give to the
city the temporary use of that portion of the
capital thus destroyed. In that case, but about
one fifth of the loss would be thus supplied, and
that would be done without asking the Govern-
ment to give one cent beyond the mere use of
this portion of its dues for a very short period.
The whole amount of bonds to be extended by
the bill exceeded, by a very trifle, $3,600,000,
and a very large portion—more than two thirds of
the whole amount—were only to be forborne for
six, nine, and twelve months.
He asked if this small measure of relief wa*
not due to the occasion? Every man within the
hearing of his voice could appreciate the condition
of such a community under such a loss of prop-
erty. Every one must see that the business of
that city could not go on without material and
substantial relief, or without immense changes
among the business men. Every one must feel that
hundreds upon hundreds of the most respectable
and enterprising of the merchants of the city must
be entirely ruined, unless some relief, speedy and
efficient, shall be afforded.
Still, (Mr. W. said,) he announced to the Senate,
with the most heartfelt and proud gratification,
that, as yet, not a single mercantile failure had
been the consequence of this unexampled calam-
ity. Why, he would ask,-was he able to state
this singular and cheering fact? Because every
effort of enterprise and faithfulness had been
brought into action; while hope, confident hope—
the last support which leaves the sinking ana de-
spairing man—had hung upon the prompt and
favorable action of Congress, of the State Legis-
lature, and of the corporate authorities of the city,
to sustain those exertions until the future opera-
tions of trade might enable the worthy sufferers
so far to retrieve their losses as to be enabled to
pay their debts, not only to their neighbors, but
to the Government, and thus save the city froma
scene of wide-spread and fatal bankruptcy, the
extent of which, if ever it commences, no human
foresight can measure.
What, then, (said Mr. W.,) is asked by this
bill in furtherance of an object so important to that
great commercial emporium, to its neighboring
commercial cities, indeed to the whole country?
A mere forbearance of payment upon debts due
to the Government, to the amount of $3,500,000,
and upon more than two thirds of that sum for a
very limited period: six, nine, and twelve months.
Might he not, then, hope that opposition would
be withdrawn, and that this extension of credit
would be given without further delay?
He felt bound to repeat to the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] and to the honorable
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,]
that propositions, embracing precisely the prin-
ciples contained in the amendment proposed by
the former gentleman as a substitute for this bill;
will be laid before Congress. He would further
say, that the question of a remission or refunding
of the duties upon burned goods, had been one
of doubt and difficulty. It had, to a greater or
less extent, occupied the attention of Congress
from the commencement of the Government to
the present time; and, although he could not say
that a uniformity of action would be found upon
it, he believed be was right in the assertion that
