100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
the bill, unless his objections to the second section
\\iri_ i mov d                                              ,
Mr KliVG, of Alabama, was entnrly at a ross
to s, e what nww that caused thesentlemin fiom
South Carolina [Mr Ciuioi\] to deprecate the
principle of the Government extending íelief to
sufferers by fire orearthqunkes H id they not a
constitutional power of extending relief to them'
He had no constitutional difficulties m his way,
and would not, for his part, inquire whether the
ri"ht to legislate upon the subject had been estab-
lished by precedent or not lío consulted his own
common sense upon the subject He had no
doubt that gi anting the relief asked for wis a duty
they owed to themselves, to the countiy, and to
the sufferers in this great calamity that had be-
fallen that noble city He would go as far as any
one in support of the measure. He would not
withhold the relief under technical objections. It
was true he would prefer confining the relief
to American citizens alone, and the objections
suggested by the gentleman from Massachus< tts,
[Mr. Davis,} had some weight with him; but he
was not going to oppose the bill because he did
not see its operations in all its complex and intri-
cate bearings The commercial connection was
ramif ed and extenaiv e in its character. Touch one
single street in this great commercial emporium
—touch Wall street—and you give a shock to the
whole country     He should \ ote for the bill
The question was then taken on Mr. Ewing's
amendment, and lost without a division
Mr WHITE had intended to vote for this bill,
and as the yeas and nays were called on the
amendment by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr Calhopv,] ho would state t'ie reasons
why he bhould vote against it. The fi'-st section
provided relief for those who had actually suffered
by the fire, and the second section gave relief to
those who had suffered aconsequemial loss Now,
was it possible that they had the power to indulge
their debtors in the first case and not in the second >
Here a great calamity had befallen a great city,
and they were asked, not to forgive the debts of
those indebted to them, but to grant indulgence
by extending the time of payment to those who
had actually suffered by this great calamity. This
was proposed to be done by the first section
There was another class of debtors (said Mr. W.)
not immediately sufferers, and we apply to them
for payment; they answer that they have lost by
those who have suffered by the fire, and that if
we do not indulge them also, they would be put
to great inconvenience and distress The loss of
the one class as much deserved relief as the o'her,
for in such a calamity no man could tell how fai
the losses extended. He confessed he had no
hesitation in extending relief in both cases, and
he had no constitutional scruples as to the bill I
Suppose the case of the commercial community
suffering by the breaking out of a war, or great
losses having been occasioned by inundations of
the Mississippi; one half of your debtois under
such circumstances apply for relief, and you grant
it; the other half tell you that they have suffered
as much in consequence of the losses sustained
by those to whom you have granted relief,—how
would you make the distinction between them >
Ab there was a direct loss, and also a probable loss
in consequence of it, they had a right to grant the
relief, and he was prepared to vote for the bill,
and against the amendment.
Mr. PRESTON said the second bection of the
bill was virtually a regulation of commerce, and
fave a preference over the port of New York,
t was, therefore, to his mind unconstitutional,
and he could not vote for it. Mr P. read the
clause of the Constitution on that subject, which
says- " No preference shall be given by any reg-
ulation of commerce or revenue to the po  ts of
one State over those of another."
Thequestion washere taken on Mr Calhouv's
motion; and it was lost—yeas 9, nays 34, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs Brown, Calhoun Cla^Cuthbcrt, Davis,
Ewing, Km  of Georgia, Moore, and Prenrm— 9
NAYS— Messrs Benton, Black, Buchanan, Clavton,
Crittenden, Goldsboroutrh, Grundy, Hendnck*, Hill, Hub
bard, K>nt, King of Alabimi, kni ht, Lei;b, Linn, Me
Kean, ¡Vlangum, Morn , Naudm, Nile's, tortor, J'renti",
Robbing Robinson, Rug"] ^, bheplei, btvift, 'iallnvid"c,
Tonihnson, Tj ler, Wall, Webster, V\ lute, and tv right—3^
Mr. KING, of Georgia, said it was perfectly
nipirent that the S nate intended to piss this bill
without any amendment Wit't all his heart
would he mike, up this whoh loss of seventeen
millions to the city of Nov York, if it could be
done without any dangerous consequences It
had been said that this bill was intendt d to extend
relief to those who hid suffered by the fire, and
not to operate as a bounty to those who had sus-
tain! d no loss It had been stated that the capital
of New Yoik was nicreas d in value ; that was
one argument used to hurry the passage of the
bill It was admitted on all hands, that the rate
of interest had increased, in addition to the en-
hmced value of goods. This, howevc r, was not I
what he rose to speak of. He rose to fulfill his
promise, to submit an amendment staking out the
pi oviso in the first section, to w Inch he had before
referred.
Mr K here read the proviso, as follows:
PravxAei, That tlioso who art v, ithin the prov i--ion of tins
secuon, but who nnv have piul their binds sub equent to
the late fire «hall al o l>  entitled to the benefit of this sec
tion, and thatthe said bindsshall b^> renewed from the day
waen the same were, paid, and said p-u m nU reiunded
This was taking money out of the Treasury,
to lend for three, four, and five years, without in-
terest, and had been characterized by theScnatoi
fiom Massachusetts as the measure of a prudent
creditoi to secure his debt. Now, he asked, did
not this debt lose its character eoinstanti, from the
very moment it was paid' So soon as the debt
came into the Tieasury it was the property of the
United States, and they had just about as much
right to lend it as to lend the whole seventeen
millions that had been lost by the fire.
Mr. K then moved to amend the bill, by
striking out the proviso in the first section above
quoted.
Mi. BUCHANAN said he had but a single re-
mark to make. To adopt this amendment would
be to punish those merchants who had paid their
bonds punctually, notwithstanding the distress,
and to place them in a worse situation than others
who had been either unable or unwilling to pay.
This lie could never consent to do.
I The question being taken on Mr. Kino's mo-
tion, it was lost without a division.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
I third reading.
I                      EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On motion by Mr. CLAYTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, when the doors were opened, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 13, 1836.               '
Mr HOWELL, from the Committee on In-
1 valid  Pensions,  reported   the   following   bills,
which were read twice and committed:
A bill granting a pension to Theophilus E.
Beekman; and
)     A bill for the relief of Colonel Gideon Morgan,
, of the State of Tennessee.
1 Mr ASHLEY, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of James
Alexander anl Ira Ashe, which was read twice
and committed.
Mr PHILLIPS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill making appropriations foi
the erection of custom-houses at Gosport and
Plymouth, which was read twice and committed.
Mr JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, repoi ted a bill allowing
rations to Brigadier dineral John E. Woofj
Inspector General of the United States Army,
which was read twice and committed.
I Mr STORER, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Israel Ingle; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky, from the
Committee on Claims, reported a bill for the
relief of the heirs of William Forbes, deceased-
which was read twice and committed.                '
Mr. EVERETT, fi om the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made a report adverse to the passage of
the bill from the Senate for the relief of Benja-
min Murphy, of Arkansas.                                  I
Unfavorable  reports upon  various petitions
were inde by Messrs. GRENNELL, WHIT- I
' TLESEY, BOND, MUHLENBERG, LAY of '
New York, HOWELL, CHAPÍN, PHILO C.
FULLER, and JANES, fiom standing commit-
tees
[Mr Chapiv, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, submitted a report adverse to the
petition of the heirs of James Campbell, deceased,
which was laid on the table, and ord red to be
printed ]
In reference to one of the foregoing unfavorable
reports, Mr. LAY submitted the following joint
resolution; which lies over one day •
Resohei by the Senate and Hjnse of Rcpreientotnes,
That the Secretary of War be, and lie H hen hj, required
to place the name of Benedict Al ord on the h t of revolu-
tionary nen«ions, at the rate oi «i\tv dollar  p-r annum,
a«treeabl\ to the act approved bv the President on the 3 th
iv, ot June. 1834
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, submitted the
following resolution, in reference toan adverse
report in the case alluded to.
Resohed, That «aid petition is reasonable, and that the
sain" be referred back to said committee, ind that Mud com-
mittee report a bill allowing said A'"\ander Nail full pay as
a pensioner for the re idue of his life
On motion by Mr. WHITTLESEY, the peti-
tion, report, and the resolution of the gentleman
from Kentucky, were committed to a Committee
of the Whole House.
SLAVERY IV THE DISTRICT.
The following resolutions heretofore offered by
Mr Jarvis, came up in order:
Resohed, That, m the opinion of thi  Hou e,the subject
of the abolition ot «lavcrv in the District of Columbia ought
not to b~ entertained by Congress
And be it further resolved, That in ca=e any petition
praying the abolition of slavery in the Di trict ot Columbia
be here-ifter presented, it is the dehbtratc opinion oe the
Hou-e that the same ou'rht to b¿ laid upon the table, with-
out being referred or printed
The question pending was the following amend-
ment, offered by Mr. Wise Strike out all after
"Resohed," and insert—
That there is no power o* legislation granted by the Con-
stitution to the Con2re«s of the United States, to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, and that anv attempt
by Congress to legi late upon the subject of slavery will
lr> not only unauthorized, but dangerous to the union ot the
States
Mr. JARVIS modified his resolutions as fol-
lows:
Whereas any attempt in tins House 11 igitate the qu «tion
of slavery is calculated to disturb the compromises of the
Constitution, to endanger the Union, and, it persisted in, to
de-troy the p'ace and pro-p wy of the country. Therefore,
Replied, That, in the opinion of tin  Hou e, the f-ubjeet
of the abolition ot slavery n the District of Columbia ought
not to be entertained by Consress
And it « fwther resolved, That in case any petition pray-
ing for the abolition of slavery in the Di-trict of Columbia
he hereafter presented, it h the deliberate opinion ot the
House that the same ought to lie laid upon the table, with-
out being referred or printed
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, moved to lay the
resolution, as modified, and the amendment on
the table.
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, asked for the
veas and nays on the motion, which were or-
dered
Mr. PARKER called for the reading of the
resolution, as modified; which was done
Mr. HOLSEY rose to a question of order
He was upon the floor when this subject was last
befoie the House, and he supposed that-he was
entitled to the floor, and that the motion to lay
the subject on the table could not be received
under the circumstances.
The CHAIR said, if the gentleman had claimed
the floor when the subject was first announced,
he would have been entitled to it, but as he had
not done so before, several gentlemen had risen,
and a modification of the resolution had been
made: it was now too late to press his right to the
floor.
Mr. MANN, of New York, inquired whether
the motion to lay the subject on the table was in
order, a similar one having been made on a former
occasion'
The CHAIR stated that the motion was m or-
der. Since the vote referred to other matters had
been introduced.
The question on the motion to lay the subject
on the table was decided by yeas and nays; as
follows—yeas 58, nays 156:
VEAS—Messrs Adams, Chilton Allan, Reman Allen,
Ash, Badey, Barton, Beaumont, Bond, Borden, Bnygs,
Buchanan, Carr, George Chamber-. Clark, Corwin, Crane,
dialling, Darlington, Evans, Fowler, Grave , Grennell,
Hannegau, Hard, Harlan, Hazelune, Henderson, Heister,
