104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
J!
the rights and intcies's of the country. When
evti he sin iiJ see a deposition in any party to
so Ttinst those interests, he would hav" it. He
re\cT expected to belong to a paitv which was
f1Ce fiom errors and if the gentleman never sup-
ports an Administration unt 1 he gets a perfect
one, he feaicd he would be found to be an oppo-
sition man for life The gentleman has stated
also, that he could not take a single step for the
defense of thf country He (Mr. B ) said, he
was for taking steps for the defense of the coun-
try when he saw a dark cloud lowering over us,
which threatened to inundate the whole land with
ruin He was for providing a shelter from this
portentous storm that hovered ever us; wisdom,
he thought, dictated it, whether it should finally
buist, and pour out its contents on our demoted
heads or not.
The gentleman had taken off much of the bit-
terness of his remarks, howevei, by his explana-
tions, and had gone far out of his way to censure
the Cabinet for the part it had taken in this con-
troversy, and had declared in every instance our
Governmenthad been the-aggicssor in the contest
with France. (Mr. T. again explained ) Mr
B was astonished to hear this censure uttered
by an American tongue on an occasion like the
present, when a war is threatened us by one of
the most powerful nations on the eaith. He
wou'd say, as he had said before, that, instead of
the President and the Administration being the
aggressors in this unfortunate controversy, they
had acted with great moderation and precaution
on every occasion relating to that subject. They
had lelmquislicd claims for the purpose of effect-
ing an amicable adjustment of the matter to an
enoimous amount, but that was even misrepre-
sented The distinguished genth man who was
chaiged with the negotiation of this matter had
lehnquishedthis much to the French Government
for the sake of procuring peace and amity with
that Power.   The course which that Minister
Pursued, was to be seen on the records of the
louse, as well as on the records of the Executive
Depaitment, and he hoped to live to see justice
done that distinguished individual. He viewed
him as being one of the purest patriots of the
age, and he hoped to live to see him the occupant
of the house so much desired by some gentle-
men and their friends. He thought the friends
of the Administration had suffered themselves to
be placed in a false position here by the supeuor
management and tact of their adversaries. What
is the contest now going on in this country' He
siid, unequivocally, he viewed it as a contest
between the Democracy of the nation and the
advocates of an aristocracy, and they were right,
in his (udgment. It was a plain, direct contest,
it must be plain to every intelligent observer
whether or not the people shall have the power
to rule the nation, or those who conspire to lead
them.
Here he wished to be permitted to rcmaik, that
this body should never have permitted the char-
acter of the Executive to be reproached, as it had
been by another branch of the Legislature, when
they were equally culpable, if at all, and partici-
pants in the same measures for which tlicy had
witnessed volleys of abuse against the Executive
alone. He could not omit to remark on a subject,
recently agitated elsewhere, in relation toa certain
measuie, which would hate gone far to put the
country in a state of defense, and ready to give
their enemies a hearty welcome whenever they
choose to visit us as such. Every Amencan
heart must have burned with shame for the failure
of that measure, the consequence of which was
now about to be felt; and he feared that the
injury already resulting from it would prove fatal
to the best interest of the country. The failure
to pass the bill which was rejected last session,
appropriating $3,000,000 for the defense of the
country in case of a war, has been attributed to
the House of Representatives, and he thought it
time that this House should make up an issue with
another, as well on that as on other subjects, and
Jet at once the question be decided whether the
Democratic or aristocratic influence is to prevail
m this Republic. It had been asserted in another
body that it was this House which had rejected
that bill. It liad been attempted to shove the
responsibility of the rejection of that bill on the
House of Representatives, but it was shamefully
untrut, and he assumed here, in his place, the
responsibility of pronouncing it false, no matter
from what souice it came. The responsibility
must rest on another body. He said the House
was not responsible for the rejection of that bill.
It had done all that it could do under the peculiar
circumstances of the case to pass it, and there
were many present who aided and contributed
their mite towaids effecting it He had voted
for the bill, and gave it his humble support The
responsibility of the rejection of that bill could
not justly rest on this body
But (said Mr. B.) I will íeturn to the gentleman
who has just taken his scat, to notice a few more
of his eViaordinai v íemaiks.
The honorable gentleman fiom South Carolina
was foi acting on vtry diffeient principles fiom
that lecommendcd by the Tathei of his Country,
" In peace ptejtaie for tear." He thought this
advice came with peeulnr applicability at present,
and never was there a tunc when this House or
this nation could w ith more propriety adopt it.
He h id said tha' he did not wish, nor wo ild he
at this time be diawn, upon a mere collateral
question, into the diseussion of peace or war with
France, but whom ver that tunc arrived he would
be as willing to meet the question as the honor-
able member from South Carolina. He did hope,
in the sinei nty of his heart, that the question of
pea-e or war would never be agitated by this
House with France He had always hoped and
believed, that the difference between the two na-
tions would be amicably settled, but he could not
know it, and he thought it the part of wisdom,
therefore, to pi ovide for the woi st. He was soi ry
to see evidences manifesting themsclvts not only
here, but in another pait of the Capitol, to throw
every obstacle in the way of Government; and
he sincerely legretttd to see it persevered in with
such pertinacity from a ceitain quarter. He be-
lieved the whole efforts of the party doing it
would piove, a  heietofore they had, to be abor-
tive, and contribute more to expose the motives
of that party. The intelligence of the people
was too general in this enlightened age, and their
discernment too correct, to be misled by mere
abu^e and declamation to the d'sparagement of
one whom they had honored with their highest
confidence.
Mr. B. said that he deprecated any insidious
attacks upon the measures of th ' Administration
10 long as he suppoited it. He was in hopes
that gentlemen who felt it their duty to oppose it,
under any and all encumstances, would bring in
some measure of a general nature, and not give
vent to their indignant feelings upon every minor
collateral question. He was satisfied in his own
mind, that the party with whom he acted was
ready and willing to meet their advérsanos on
any and every occasion They had done so, and
a verdict had been given by the people—yes, the
republican Democratic people—in their favor.
Yet (Mr. B. said) he had cause of complaint to
make against the party with whom he had acted
in this House, it was, that they had sat here si-
lently and let an issue be made up by another
body with the Executive. This body, at which
much had been aimed by another in another part
of the Capitol, should not have left the President
to have contended alone against it. No, (said Mr.
B ,) this House should has c made war against
them as the true repiesentatives of the people,
and have met them in the very center of the
rotunda of the Capitol, if necessary, and have
theie decided the question, whether the people,
through their Representatives, were to picvail in
ruling this country, or a body not elected by the
people, nor ducetly responsible to them for their
conduct' An issue was now about to be made
up with those who fancied themselves beyond
the power of the people, how far they could go
in defiance of the public will, and sustain them-
selves. By an association of daring leaders^
cooperating to sway public opinion, the whole
Republic had been convulsed. If they succeeded,
in Ins opinion the public voice was hushed, and
it would be idle to talk longer of our free repub-
lican institutions He thought the time had nearly
arrived when it was necessary that the people
should essay their strength, and teach those re-
fractory men that their power was neither to be
insulted nor put at defiance by them; and he called
on the House, as the only representative body
of the nation—the only one wheie the immediate
voice of the people could be directly heard—not
to shrink from its part of a responsibility that
was attempted to be shuffled off on the shoulders
of the Executive.
The Executive had done all that the people had
asked, and it was their duty to sustain him,here
and elsewhere. Heretofore, however, he had
been literally sustained alone by the people, and
had proven to be almost the only true reflector
of the public will.
Here Mr. JARVIS rose, and observed that he
perceived that the gentleman from North Carolina
was much exhausted; and, 111 order to give him
time to continue his remarks, he moved an ad-
journment of the House; which was carried.
The committee then rose, and íeported the
Seminole appropriation bill to the House, and
its progress on the Navy appropriation bill, and
asked leave to sit again on the latter bill.
The amendment of the Senate to the Seminole
bill was then concurred in by the House, and the
bill, as amended, was passed.
The House then, at four o'clock, p. m., ad-
journed.     ________________________
IN SENATE.
Thursdvt, January 14, 1836.
Mi. KING, of Alabama, presented a memorial,
signed by sundry citizens of Alabama, praying
for the establishment of a mail route, which was
reft rred to the Committee on the Post Office and
I Post Roads.
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
Colonel Stmucl Dean, praying for arrears of pen
sio i, which was referred to the Committee on
Pt nsions
Mi. TYLER presented the petitions of the
president and directois of the Bank of Potomac,
and the piesident and directors of the Bank of
Alexandria, praying for a recharter, which were
referred to the Committee on the District of Co
lumbia.
Mr. E WING presented the memorial of sundry
merchants of Ohio, praying indemnity for French
spoliations prior to the year 1800; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
I Mr. LINN presented the petition of Francois
Chattillon, praying confirmation to a tract of land
in Missouri; which was referred to the same com-
mittee.
SUFFERERS BY NEW YORK FIRE.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the Senate took
i up the bill for the relief of the sufferers by fire in
I* the city of New York; and it was read the third
: time and passed.
I              EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The CHAIR announced a communication front
the Department of State, made in compliance
with the act concerning patents and useful mven-
' tions, transmitting a list of patents which have
expired within the last year, wjth the names of
the patentees.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, made in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 12th instant, transmitting
the returns last made by the Bank of tlic United
States and the deposit banks.
J                              RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolutions, which lie on the table one day:
Retained, That the Committee on the Po>t Office and
Po t Road> be instructed to inquire mto the expediency of
establishing a post route in the State of Indiana, from Ply-
mouth, by Oakland, to Laporte Also, a post route from
Michigan Citv, by way of Bailvtow , Deer nver, Robinson>*
prairie, and the crossing of Kankakee, to Peoria, in Illinois.
Resolved, That the Secretary ot War be directed to in-
form the Senate what progrese, if any, has been made under
the various appropriations tor improving the navigation of
the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, in removing a ledge of
rock>! on the Ohio river, immediately below Shippingport.
Mr. MOORE submitted the following resolu-
! tion; which lies on the table one day.
I Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate any information ue
inaj possess rehtiv e to frauds or fraudulent practices com-
mitted, or attempted to be committed, on the soles of public
lands, or Indian reservations, under anv ot the treaties re-
cently nade with any Indian tribe—the character of sucto
