106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
plus revenue amon? the States, which he believed
was a favorite measure of the people of the Uni-
ted States.    The Senator from Missouri had com-
menced his attack upon the  Seriate  by tcHing
them of a report made by a certain French officer
to the Chamber of Deputies; and of its reception
in  the Chamber of Deputies; and of a certain
French journal, in which we are told that a French
fleet is cornil!!;-, which would, from its superior
size compared^ with ours, overawe usv and then
had told them significantly that the Senate had
failed to make the necessary appropriation for our
defense, and consequently our weakness would
be exposed.    There must have been something
to elicit this project.    Last year both branches of
Congress had passed resolutions expressive of
our peaceful relations with France.    There was
nothing that required any movement of this coun-
try, and yet the Senator from Missouri had said
the Senate refused to grant an appropriation of
$3,000,000 to the national defense.    How would
.they, within the past nine months, have appro-
priated this $3,000,000?    It was a humbug greater
than any that had been created before it.    Mr.
G. referred to the reports of the Secretaries of
the Navy and War to show (he said) that the
appropriations were equal to what was required.
He then referred to the message of the President,
where he speaks of the loss in consequence of the
failure of  the appropriation which passed one
branch of Congress, and was lost in the other.
Mr. G. said, if such were the views of the Exec-
utive, they were not known to him, and were not
communicated to the Senate.
Mr. G. went into a detail of the progress of the
appropriation bill. And (said he) when it was
returned to the Senate with an appropriation
of $3,000,000, the Senate were astonished; they
wondered what news had arrived, and to what
purpose it was to be applied, as there was nothing
specific in it. At the dead of night a bill was
returned from the House of Representatives
containing an appropriation of $3,000,000, and
the Senate gravely called on to vote for it! If
the Executive had wanted it, they would have
voted for it. In ten minutes they might have
had the information; but the Executive will was
bolted up. The Senate would have been false to
themselves to have voted for it. The epithet had
been applied to them, when the money was hang-
ing on a hair and not asked for by the proper
Department. He had thought it due to himself
and to the Senate to make this explanation.
Mr. BENTON observed that the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Goldsborouch,] who had just
resumed his seat, and himself, had some words
at the last session, which had placed him in a [
situation with respect to that gentleman of the '
most scrupulous reserve.    He believed it to be ''
the instinct of gentlemen, whenever anything had i
happened between them of an unpleasant nature,
to Dehave afterwards to each other with the most I
punctilious and scrupulous politeness.    He be- I
lie ved it to be the instinct of gentlemen to feel that
from such a time  they must stand upon a foot-
- ing towards each other in which they could no
longer give and take.    Now, sir,  the Senator
from Maryland has repeated what he did at the
last session; he has made a premeditated attack
on me.    He felt (Mr. B. said) no malice, nor
any degree of irritation, for what was past; for
if he was quick, he was at least free from malice.
The gentleman at that time drew a picture which
a thousand persons present believed to be drawn '
for him; which he (Mr. B.) felt to be drawn for
him; and he had been informed that the gentle-
man had then rehearsed the part he was about to ■
perform—the first part, but not the concluding
part; for the gentleman denied that his picture
was intended for him.   From that time to the
present, the gentleman has no right to make a
personal allusion to me. If the gentleman choose '
to wait a year, and then come forward to settle
an account in which he may feel a balance against
him, it is for him, (said Mr. B.,) and not for me,
to do so.   I do not treasure up old things to be
brought out afterwards. The gentleman had now
made an affirmation contradicting what I have
said; but I tell the gentleman (said Mr. B.) that
I know his affirmation to contain precisely as   '
much truth now as I believed that his denial did '
then.                                                                              i,
I The CHAIR (Mr. King, of Ababama) was not
aware that the Senator from Maryland had made
any personal allusion to the Senator from Mis-
souri, or he would have called him to order. The
remarks of the Senator from Missouri he con-
sidered were not in order.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH rose to reply to the
Senator from Missouri. If the gentleman means
(he said)------[Here the Chair reminded the Sen-
ator that he must keep within the rules of order.]
Then, sir, (said Mr. G.,) it is impossible for me
to answer in order that which was said out of
order.
Mr PORTER said, that it was with the deepest
regret that he had witnessed the irritation that
had taken place in the course of this discussion.
It was impossible for those who had been subject
to the charges made by the gentleman from Mis-
souri to keep more within   bounds in replying
to   them   than  the  gentleman from   Maryland
had done.    Very grave charges have been made
against them. The honorable gentleman from Mis-
souri would recollect, he was sure, that charges
of this kind would fall hardly from any one, and
more so from  him.    Must we  (said Mr. P.)
i  humbly sit by when such charges are made, and
say that every fact alleged was true to the letter ?
I  But if (said he) we think they are not true, if we
i think the gentleman's feelings have made him
'I mistaken,must we not endeavor to show him that
he has been mistaken?—must we not endeavor to
show to the American people, and to the whole
world, that the Senate of the United States was
1 not guilty of a dereliction of duty?   He thanked
' God that it could be shown to the whole world,
for the moment it was spoken  there it would
be taken down and sent abroad, wide as the region
of letters.    He was sure that as far as he was
concerned, his only object was to  show to the
American people that he had performed his duty;
and he would hold himself unworthy of the trust
reposed in him if he did not do so.    Did the hon-
orablegentleman expect that they would not show
some warmth and sensibility with regard to what
he had said against them ? They would be utterly
1 unworthy of their trusts, if they were willing to
j sit down silently under the charges that had been
I gravely made against them,
i     The Senator from Missouri had read from his
place a speech made in the French Chamber of
1 Deputies, in which language highly reprehensible (
had been used in reference to this country.    He
could tell the gentleman that nothing could be
more calculated to produce irritation in the minds
of the people of one country towards another,
than for a member of a legislative body to read 1
in his place irritating expressions made use of in ¡
the halls of another.   Would peace, and all the |
virtues that were cultivated by it, long remain, I
if such quotations were made?   No; not even the '
language of the highest officer of our Government i
ought to be carried to another country, to pro- I
duce any lasting or abiding sentiments.    As the ,
gentleman had thought proper to refer to language
used in the French Chambers by a single mem-
ber out of three or four hundred, would it not be
as well (said Mr. P.) that we should refer to the
language used by the  French  Executive, who
might be supposed to know as much of the tem-
per and feelings of the French people asany single
member of the Chamber of Deputies ?   He asked
if the language of the French Executive towards
this country had not been kind and conciliating,
and calculated to sooth the feelings of the Amer-
ican people?   These conciliatory feelings,he be-
lieved, were entertained by the whole French
people.     It was impossible that the people of
France could forget those ties of friendship and
interest which bound the two countries together
—it was impossible they could forget one of the
brightest pages of their history, where the gallant I
nobles of France were found fighting side by side '
with American freemen.   It was impossible that j ¡
the gentleman could draw from the speech of a j
single member of the French  Chambers any- |'
thing with regard to the general feeling of the
French people to this country.   From this fleet
being on our coasts, the^entleman had appre-
hended that the Government of France was act-
ing up to the hostile expressions made use of
m the French Chamber.    But he put it to the
good sense and feeling of the gentleman, wiiether
this French fleet might not have some rational
object other than he had supposed? Why, our
Executive, in his message, had recommended
reprisals against France, in a certain event.
Now, it could not be believed that there was any
recommendation of the President that we should
seize upon the French property which came into
the country relying on the faith of treaties. It
was on the high seas that it was expected that the
reprisals would be made; and it was apparent,
therefore, that this fleet was sent to protect the
French commerce in the West Indies, where they
knew they were vulnerable. Why should the
French have any hostile feeling towards us? They
had the money", and they did not want to pay it.
Would they be so absurd as to send a fleet here
to get rid of paying the money? Why, they had
the money in their pockets already, without the
aid of a fleet. The fleet was evidently sent from
an apprehension that Congress would follow up
the course recommended by the President, and
not for any hostile purpose. He was anxious
that the American people should know that there
was nothing to excite the alarm that a French
fleet was approaching our coasts. He did not
exactly understand what was meant by our coi sts;
but if it was supposed that the French islands of
Martinique and Guadaloupe, to which this fleet
was destined, was on our coasts, it was a wide
mistake; for they were full fifteen or sixteen hun-
dred miles off. But he was happy that he was
able to say something to allay the apprehensions
of the gentleman. We have received (said he)
the Moniteur—the French ministerial paper—up
to the 23d of last month, which contained matter
that would satisfy the gentleman that this fleet
was sent out to protect the French commerce, and
that there was no cause to fear that the first act
of aggression would come from France. [Here
Mr. P. read extracts from the Moniteur.] It gave
him (he said) pleasure to show this to the gentle-
man from Missouri, to satisfy him that this fleet
was purely defensive; that the French people
considered there was no legitimate cause of war
between the two countries; and that no act of
aggression would come from France.
Mr. P. here deprecated the evils of war, drew
a vivid picture of the calamities attending it, and
contrasted it with the bhssings of peace.
No one was more relut '.ant than he was to press
upon the time of the St nate, but he was com-
pelled to turn to the accusations made by the
Senator from Missouri.    He must tell the gentle-
man that he was mistaken as to facts.    They did
not bear him out in his assertions.    He was not
putting his assertions against the gentleman's,
but he would turn to the records, which did not
1 support the charges.    The gentleman said that
1 the $3,030,000 appropriation was lost in the Sen-
, ate, and more, that the American people should
I all know who they were, by whose means the
■ fortification   bill of the last session was  lost.
Thank God (said Mr. P.) the American people
shall know, for although truth might be obfus-
cated for a time, and facts discolored through the
agency of newspapers, it was impossible but the
A menean people should ultimately know the truth
at last.   The gentleman said that his $500,000
was lost in the Senate—that the appropriation
bill  for fortifications was lost there.    This he
(Mr. P.) denied.   The bill was passed in the
Senate, and the records would show that it was
lost in the House of Representatives.    It was
sent down to that House with a committee of
conference, where it was lost; and how lost those
who were the actors on that occasion could tell.
It was enough for him that the state of facts should
go to the American people, for them to judge of
them.   Now it had been said that figures could
not tell lies, and it was equally true that records
could not tell lies.    He could say that the records
with the indorsements of the Senate could not
lie, and he would proceed to show from them
that the bill was not lost in it.   Mr. P. here ex-
plained the progress of the bill from the time it
was reported in the House of Representatives,
and its amendments, until it was sent back by
the Senate.
How was it (he asked) that the avowed friends
of the Administration in the Twenty-Third Con-
gress refused to use the $1,650,000 appropriated
in the bill?   If the danger was pressing, and the
