108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
now submitted varied but in one particular from
the one adopted raising the committee of last
year, and that was in reducing the number of the
committee. From the number of that committee,
it was almost impossible to get them collected for
business. The number was entirely too great.
As this was a mere resolution of inquiry, he
would say nothin? of the abuses which existed
in that department of the Government, but hoped
the resolution might be adopted without debate,
so that the committee might proceed to the duty
assigned them.
Mr. WARDWELL said he thought that this
subject ou?ht to be referred to the Committee on
Military Anairs. He believed that the committee
of twenty-four which was appointed last session
had investigated the subject fully. Their report
was brought into the House, and it set forth all
the facts which we wanted to know. He would
therefore move to amend the resolution, so that
the subject might be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. SMITH wished the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wardwell] would give some sub-
stantial reasons why the subject ought to be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. It
seemed to him that a special committee ought to
be raised; but if the friends of the institution
thought that a special committee would not do
them the same justice which the Committee on
Military Affairs would, and they would offer that
as a reason, he would withdraw his objections.
As there were doubts about the organization of
this Academy, it was desirable that a committee
should be raised, which could devote as much time
as possible in bringing out the merits or demerits
of the institution. He believed that the Committee
on Military Affairs would not have time, although
they might have the disposition, to do the subject
justice. He believed a special committee would
do ample justice. He hoped the gentleman from
New York would withdraw his motion, or that it
would not prevail.
Mr. BRIGGS thought that the subject had ¡
already been referred to the Committee on Military i
Affairs by the general resolutions referring the '
different   items  of  the  President's  message to
committees; and therefore inquired whether the
present resolution was in order?
The SPEAKER said that the present resolu-
tion was one of inquiry, and he considered the
reference of the President's message as not ap-
plying to the case.                                                     j
Mr\ BRIGGS then said he would vote for the |
amendment of the gentleman from New York, I
because he thought the subject ought to go to one I
of tie standing committees.    It had been said by I
the gentleman  from  Kentucky  [Mr.  Hawes]
that, in consequence of the number of the com-
mittee of last session, it was almost impossible
to get them to business.   He thought the gentle-
man labored under a mistake.   That committee
had a meeting early in the session, and appointed '
a sub-committee to investigate the whole matter,
and that committee went industriously to work.
After  their  investigation was  completed, they
made an elaborate report. The committee adopted
the report, which report was now on the files of
the House; and if gentlemen wished information
from it, they could order it to be printed.    It was
because this subject had been so recently and
thoroughly investigated, that there was no neces-
sity for further investigation.    He would vote
for the amendment of the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, remarked that
the people he had the honor to represent in the
State of Illinois took a deep interest in this sub-
ject, and were he to remain silent on the occasion
they would consider him derelict in his duty.
They expected him, on all occasions, to advocate
such measures as would tend to reform this
institution, or to abolish it entirely. This was
the reason which induced him to rise on this
occasion.
It was astonishing to him (Mr. R.) that gentle-
men, friends to this institution, were so strenuous
and so much opposed to an investigation of this
subject. If it be an institution founded on a
proper basis, and conducted on sound republican
principles, they need not fear an investigation; if
it be of this character, an investigation will not
injure it; neither time nor talents can prevail
a"ains tit. But the great d read of an investigation
was almost positivo proof that there was some-
thing wrong in the institution.
Mr. R. said his honorable friend [Mr. Briggs]
tried to stifle this investigation by his attempt to
satisfy the Speaker that the subject was already
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
This was strong circumstantial proof that there
was in this affair something not right. The other
gentleman [Mr. Wardwell, of New York]
wished to have the subject referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. Mr. R. said he had
he highest respect for that committee; but somet
of them, and perhaps all of them, had already
expressed an opinion on the subject, in a report
favorable to that institution, and from this consid-
eration were not so impartial as a select committee
raised expressly for the occasion.
Mr. R. remarked, that an official investigation,
and that made known to the people, would cause
the institution at West Point to wither and die.
Under its present organization, the young men,
who ought not to be educated there, were the ex-
clusive individuals that were educated in it; and,
what is still worse, it was made a kind of monop-
oly. The cadets educated there were the exclu-
sive officers in our Army, right or wrong; they
were the officers who were to conduct our armies
to glory or disgrace; and it mattered not what
deeds of valor the privates in the Army might do,
they could not rise, as there were no places for
them; the cadets filled all. A private soldier in
the war which seems to be approaching us might
do as noble a deed as the character of antiquity
did who slew Goliah, still he could not rise one
foot in the Army.
i     He would appeal to the House, if every indi-
vidual did not expect to rise by his merits?   The
gentlemen, [Messrs. Wardwell and Briggs,]
like others in Congress, would expect to be re-
warded for their meritorious conduct.   His friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Briggs] no doubt would
be supported by his constituents for his moral
and orderly course of conduct in Congress and
¡ his assiduity to business.   The same would ap-
[' ply to the gentleman from New York,  [Mr.
j Wardwell.]    The principle was correct to re-
I  ward meritorious actions, and an institution or
i  measures that opposed this principle were in them-
selves wrong.
Any person that would look at the report made
at the last Congress on this subject, would be
satisfied that there was something not right in the
j institution.    If the friends of the Academy would
let that report be printed, and officially presented
1 to the people, that would be satisfactory.
j     Mr. R. said, he hoped, under all the circum-
I stances, the motion of the gentleman from New
j York [Mr. Wardwell] would not prevail; but
that the subject would be submitted to a select
j committee, under the resolution of the gentleman
I from Kentucky.
\     Mr. WARDWELL did not wish to take up
the time of the House in discussing a preliminary
question, but his friend from Illinois [Mr. Rey-
nolds] had said that the Committee on Military
Affairs had expressed an opinion on the matter.
It was not the committee of the last session which
expressed that opinion, but the one preceding
that, which was a different committee entirely.
The committee of the present body had expressed
no opinion on the subject; but it was very prob-
,' able that some of those who would be on the se-
I  lect committee had expressed opinions adverse to
I  the institution.   The last Congress had refused
1  to print the report.    He protested against having
I  so many select committees on subjects which
ought to go to standing committees.   He was
'  willing to have the institution examined—yes,
probed to the core—but let it be done by the
I  proper committee.   He would say a few words
in reply to the gentleman from Illinois.   Why
was it that all this objection came from the west-
ern States?   It was, he thought, because all per-
sons in those States who had any topographical
knowledge, might expect some employment from
Government, which business is now done by the
graduates of the institution at West Point, with-
out cost to the Government.    If, however, that
institution was abolished, and those engineers not
sent among them, there might be some fine offices
for the young gentlemen of the western coun-
try. No wonder that western gentlemen's con-
stituents were in favor of abolishing that institu-
tion.
Mr. HANNEGAN had a few remarks to make
on the subject. He was a member of the select
committee of the last session, and would say that
it was not in the power of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs to give the subject the attention which
it required. The committee of last session made
their report to the House, and the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wardwell,] tells us that the
House refused to print that report. Why did the
House refuse? Because it required two thirds to
make the motion to print, and the friends of the
institution rallied around it, and refused to print.
That gentleman said that the West alone opposed
that institution. He (Mr. H.) knew gentlemen
from the East, the South, and the North, who
opposed it. That gentleman also said that the
young gentlemen of the West expected good
offices if the institution is abolished. He (Mr.H.)
would be glad to have the offices given to those
I who came fijom the ranks of the people, and not
I to the sons of those who were now in high office.
j He hoped and trusted that the resolution of the
gentleman from Kentucky would be adopted, and
that a thorough investigation might be had.
Mr. H AMER said he could not see what possi-
ble objection there could be to the resolution of
the gentleman from Kentucky. On one hand it
was contended that it was one of the most aristo-
cratic, and on the other that it was one of the best
institutions that ever was established. Why,
then, not allow us to collect facts, so that we may
be enabled to make up an impartial judgment on
1 the subject ? A large portion of the people of the
' country believe that the institution ought to be
abolished; then let an investigation be fully had.
Mr. H. woukl say a word to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wardwell ] He is mistaken;
the people of the West are governed by no such
motives as those attributed to them by that gen-
tleman. That gentleman admits that a band of
men are sent out to fill all the important offices—
men who are the friends and relatives of those
who are in high station, and who have political
influence. The sons of men high in office are
educated at that institution, and those men are
sent out to fill all the high offices in the western
country. If the people of the Mississippi valley
educate their sons at their own expense, why
should they not be appointed to those offices ? If
they are capable, let them have the offices. He
objected, and his constituents objected, to the ex-
istence of the institution in its present form. He
\ therefore hoped there would be no objection to an
investigation.
Mr. MANN, of New York, desired to make a
i few remarks upon the subject before the House,
but, as the morning hour had expired, he called
for the orders of the day.
i     The motion was agreed to.
SUFFERERS BY NEW YORK FIRE.
1     A bill from the Senate for the relief of sufferers
by fire in the city of New York was read twice.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said this bill was the
same in substance, and differed only in words
| from the one which was reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. It would not, there-
fore, be necessary to refer this bill to that com-
mittee. He moved that it be committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
which was agreed to.
I              EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
¡ The SPEAKER laid before the House two
communications from the State Department, in
reference to the expiration of patents for useful
inventions, and the applications for new ones;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill making partial appropriations for the
support of the Government for the year 1836,
was, on motion by Mr. Cambreleng, further
postponed until to-morrow.
SUFFERERS BY NEW YORK FIRE----AGAIN.
The House then, on motion by Mr. Cambre-
I lekg, resolved itself into the Committee of the
