1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
In regird to this institution, (Mr. M s>ud,)
tin re «Ji a ?ri it dispiiity of opinions, and the
su'i|ect was one of vet y consuleiable interest to
the State he had the honor in part to represent.
It was also of considerable interest to the various
Slates surrounding this institution, and he found,
to his surprint, dining the last session, a strong
disposition manifested by that portion of the
Representatives coming fiom those States, thus
located, to maintain this institution in every one
of the charges made against it. At the last ses-
sion of Congress a committte of twenty-four
members, consisting of ont from each State, was
raised on the motion of the gentleman from Ki n-
tuckv, [Mr Hvwes,] to investigate the affairs
of this institution. That committee appointed a
sub-committee,whose labors had not been yet
officially promulgated to this House or to the
country. He had the honor to be a member of
that committee of twenty-four, but not of the sub-
committee, but he concurred paitially with the
views contained in that report, which was, to say
the least of it, an elaborate examination of the
institution from its earliest time He knew that
m doing that he incurred some censure from a
portion of his own State, but he never had, and
never wou'd, flinch from any important duty he
felt it incumbent upon him to perform there.
Mr M said, in the examination of the trans-
actions of this institution he had found much to
censure. He believed if its friends on that floor
would take the trouble to investigate it in the
same way the committee did last year, they would
find m it more to censure, in the principle of the
establishment, than they were aware of. He
knew very well that it was necessary to have
militai y officers—they were highly useful at all
times; but that was not the inquiry at present.
The inquiry was, whether this institution should
continue under its present organization' Now,
there were abuses in this institution developed in
that report—abuses of a character that would not
find, he presumed,a single advocate on that floor,
when they come to be promulgated.
In his opinion, (said Mr M ,) the principle
on which this institution was established and or-
gimzed was uttcily incons'stent with the princi-
ple of all the other institutions in the country;
out, because he thought so, he did not therefore
desire to see its extermination Itwas at variance
with all our other institutions, because it was ex-
clusive. It formed the only avenue by which the
people of this countiy could approach the offices
of the Army. It was the gateway, and the only
gateway, by which any citizen of this country
could alone reach them, and that was not right.
It was again objectionable to Mr. M.'s mind,
because he could perceive no reason—he never
had perceived any icason—why a single individ-
ual out of any part of this Union should be se-
lected by a member representing that district upon
this floor to be educated exclusively at the public
expense, although he knew gentlemen would
sty, as they had heretofore said, that this was
necessary, in order to acquire the best amount of
military information in the country. There was
no doubt that it was necessary to have this in-
formation in the country, both in time of wai and
in t.me of peace, but could it not be secured by
some other means' There was no reason why
one individual should be taken and educated at
the public expense But, besides the principle,
what was it in practice' Why, we saw individuals
continually pressing the Government in every
quarter for admission into this institution, to be
educated professedly for the military service, but
very frequently, too generally, with the secret
design in their hearts of devoting themselves to
the civil pursuits of society. This was another
ground of objection in his mind, even if the insti-
tution bestowed the military education required,
because you sent a young man there with a fraud
in his heart; and the course of education unfitted
him for the performance of those duties incumbent
upon civil life. You sap and destroy the founda-
tions which should form the basis of his future
course. Moreover, the system was just such a
system as prepared a young man, not for civil,
but for a military life; and the first thing he had
to do was to unlearn almost everything he had
Icaint there. These were some of the objections
that presented  themselves to  his mind.    The
objection, however, to selecting an individual out
of a population of forty-seven thousand seven
hundred, and educating'him at the public ex-
pense, was one that he never had seen satifacto-
rily answered, for it could not be answered.
But (said Mr. M.) gentlemen might ask him
what system could be adopted by this Govern-
ment, in regard to that institution, so as to pro-
cure that degree of military education they all
agreed as requisite and necessary' Why, he
thought it very simple, indeed. He granted that
it was necessary this profession should be in the
country at all times; but, in granting this, he
did not grant that it should be procuitd by the
means then existing. He would do this and then
stop. He would support an institution like that
at West Point, established perhaps on somewhat
similar principles, and provide that the Govern-
ment should erect all the necessary buildings, and
establish the professorships, which should be sup-
ported at the expense of the Government, and
there he would stop. He would leave it open as
every other institution of the country was, of a
literary character He would do away entirely
with the pnv lieges which the present institution
conferred upon the individuals who had passed
through it. He would leave the offices of the Army
open to honorable competition, so that those best
qualified should be selected by whatever means
they have acquued then military knowledge.
This would excite a proper competition, and the
country would be benefited by it, and, in his
judgment, better served than at present. He
could see no reason why a man educated at this
institution should be more peculiarly fitted for the
offices of the Army than any other. What did
expenence—what did history show' Was it not
that, whenever the country required the exercise
of those powers, individuals possessing them weie
always found and elected by their confederates to
defend their country, and those made the very
best officers' It surely did not follow that, because
a young man was educated at West Point, or in
the military schools at Pans, he, therefore, pos-
sessed more courage than any other.
As the tiling then stood, and as the report,
when it came to be promulgated, which he hoped
it would, would show, this institution cost the
country by fai too much for the education of these
' young men, whether it sprung from abuse or not,
I. such was the fact when they looked at the utility
i produced by the expendituie. This, taken in
I connection with another fact, offered an additional
ground of objection to the institution as it then
existed. If Mr. M. recollected the reportanght,
it proved that not more than two out of five of all
the persons who ever entered the institution had
I stayed there long enough to graduate, and not two
out of five who had graduated ever entered the
Army; and when it was recollected that not two
out of five who entered the Army stayed in it more
than two years, he thought it conclusive that the
utility of the institution was not commensurate
with its expenditure. If Mr. M. 's memory served
him aright, the report showed that every graduate
coming from that institution had cost the United
States more than five thousand dollars within the
last ten years, and previously amuch larger sum,
and he believed, within one year, the graduates of
that institution had cost upwards of thirty thou-
sand dollars. He did not know the cause of that
immense expenditure. Itmightbeby mismanage-
ment or misfortune—he cared not, but it showed
there were some extraordinary abuses in regard
to the institution. Now, if there be any truth in
these statements—any truth in the reports that
extensively prevailed in the country, the institu-
tion was mismanaged and misconducted, and
ought to be investigated into and reformed. He,
therefore, made an earnest appeal to his colleague
that he would withdraw his amendment, and per-
mit the subject to go to a select committee.
Mr. M. made some further remaiks in relation
to the duties of the Military Committee, which
were too onerous to afford them the time neces-
sary for the investigation of this object; in addi-
tion to which many of the gentlemen on that
committee had predispositions in relation to it.
He hoped the House would send it to a select
committee, so that the institution, in all its bear-
I ings, should undergo a full and complete mvesti-
I gation.    He hoped the fi lends of the institution
itself would vote for the original motion, and that
his colleague would withdraw his amendment.
Mr. PIERCE, of New Hampshire, addressed
the House for a short time; but, without con-
cluding, gave way to a call for the orders of the
day.
[Mr. P. 's remarks will be given hereafter in a
consecutive form.]
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, from a select
committee, reported a bill to extend the charters
of certain banks in the District of Columbia until
the 1st of October, 1836, which was read twice
Mi T. said, he was about to ask a favor of
the House, before doing which he desired to
make a short explanation. The interests of the
people of the District required that the bill should
be acted on speedily. The extension of the
charter of the banKs would afford the select com-
mittee time to get through with their investigation,
make their report to Congress, and for Congress
to act on it, and at the same tune it would pro-
vide for the wants of the community It was
almost indispensably necessary that the bill should
be acted on immediately, and it was one on which
no debate could arise. He would, therefore,ask
that the House now give the bill a third reading.
Mr. WHITTLESEY said, that as the bill
would elicit no discussion, it could not be neces-
sary to go into committee, he would therefore
move that it be now read.
Mr. HAWES said, that the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Thomas] had stated that Lis ob-
ject in extending the charters of these banks till
October next was, that Congress might have an
opportunity of acting on them. If the gentleman
meant that this Congress was to act on the sub-
ject, he had extended the time longer than was
necessary, and if it was the next session, the
charter would expire before its next meeting.
Mr. THOMAS said, that the time which the
committee had adopted was a time which might
guard against all possible difficulty which might
arise. He could not anticipate what the repoit of
the investigating committee might be. It might
be in favor of some institutions, and against
others. In that event, it was necessary to have
some time, so that new institutions might be put
in operation. The present bill only extended the
time ninety days after the termination of the ses-
sion of Congress. He thought that under these
considerations gentlemen would sec that the com-
mittee could not have done otherwise.
Mr. McKENNON said, he did not rise to pro-
long debate, but he rose to congratulate the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, because the
select committee had reported a bill similar to the
one which that committee had reported last ses-
sion. The only difference was, that the District
Committee thought that the charters should be
extended one year, so that they might be pre-
pared to wind up their affairs.
i Mr. PARKER asked, if the bill was now be-
. fore the House on its third reading'
The CHAIR said that the unanimous consent
of the House having been obtained, the bill was
now before the House.
Mr. PARKER said, that the bill would require
more time than could be given to it to-day, he
would, therefore, move that the further considera-
tion of it be postponed till Thursday next, which
motion was disagreed to.
1 Mr. HARDIN made a few remarks in opposi-
lon to the bill. Some of the banks (he said) had
wound up their affairs, and in Ins opinion a good
many of them ought to wind up.
Mr. THOMAS said, that the select committee
had not yet commenced their examination. They
had waited to see the wishes of Congress on the
subject. If the House determined not to extend
the chaiters of these banks, he was authouzed
by the committee to ask leave to sit during the
session of the House.
Mr. LANE said, that he recollected that one
of the reasons assigned for sending this subject
to a select committee was, that that committee
would act more promptly than the Committee^pr
the District of Columbia.
The select committee had now been raised
i some weeks, and nothing done. He believed the
' business would have been as promptly done by
