112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15.
the Committee for the District. But hcanticipatcd
something more on the passage of this bill; and
that was, that the committee would ask for a
summer's job, for the purpose of giving these
bank affairs an investigation.
Mr WHITTLESEY said, as this discussion
was likely to interfere with the business set apart
for to-day, he would move to lay the bill on the
table; which motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HAWESsaid, the gentleman from Mary-
land had stated that the object of continuing the
charters, was to afford the banks time to wind up
their affairs.                       .
Mr. THOMAS explained. He did not say
time to wind up their affairs, but to continue
them in operation until Congress should act on
them.
Mr. HA WES said, that if the gentleman from
Maryland did not give that as a reason, some
other gentleman must have done so. He was
willing to give them time, but he was opposed to
ghing more than was actually necessary for an
investigation. He would therefore move to amend
the bill by inserting the 1st of July, instead of the
1st of October; which amendment was disagreed
to.
Mr. VANDERPOEL demanded the previous
question, which was not seconded.
Mr. PARKER was glad the previous question
was not seconded. There was no reason why
this bill should be hurried through. He called
upon gentlemen to show why the bill should be
passed to day. The gentleman from Maryland
had let us into a secret which we did not know
before; and that was, that Congress would be kept
in session until July next—whether for the pur-
pose of allowing the committee to examine the
state of the banks, he could not tell. The gentle-
man wants the committee to sit during sessions of
the House. Mr. P. thought it was wrong to take
up a bill and pass it in this way. Why not post-
pone it until next week. The bill had got before
the House without his knowledge, otherwise he
would have objected to its being taken up in this
way.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, said this was
an important question; and he hoped that there
would be no attempt to apply what was vulgarly
called the gag. Perhaps no question, involving
more important considerations, could be presented
to the people of the District of Columbia. When
the gentleman reported the bill, he must have had
some object in view; and he thought it was this,
that all these charters expire in March, and ought
to be continued until Congress could act on the
subject. If this was the gentleman's object, he
would be willing to extend the charters till Octo-
ber. Congress met in December; but every per-
son knew that no action could be had for four or
five weeks after the meeting. In the mean time,
bankruptcies mightensue. If the institutiom*were
not to be rechartered, the sooner the'public knows
it the better for all concerned. If there could be
no action at this session of Congress, then some-
thing like this bill was necessary. He had, how-
over, understood, from a person connected with
one of the banks, that they had all their papers
ready which the committee would want to exam-
ine, and if the committee would go to work, the
whole business of that institution might be done
in three hours.
Mr. HUNTSMAN said, the gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. Pearce] had supposedthata
three hours' examination was all that was neces-
sary. Mr. H. was not willing to put his hand
upon anything unless he gave it a thorough ex-
amination . He was not of opinion that the banks
of the District were more exquisitely nice in their
manner of doing business than other banks.
There might be five or six banks which would
require but little investigation, but then there
were some three or four who had not been quite
so fortunate as their neighbors, and would require
more attention to ascertain whether individuals
who had been debtors to the banks had not put
down their credit for the purpose of speculating.
He would not say this was so, but it might be so.
He would not desire such an investigation gone
through with in three hours. He neither had
prejudices against the banks nor for them. Per-
haps thegentleman from Maryland hinks he will
stand a better chance in getting charter* for these
banks at the next session of Congress. He be-
lieved there was not a bank whose charter was
twenty years old, which was as it should be. If
it should be the sense of the House to recharter
these institutions, it would take the committee
some time to get matters in a proper condition to
lay before the House. In that event, it would be
necessary to have leave to sit during the sessions
of the House. We would then be taken away
from our business in the House. This would be
a great disadvantage. Mr. H. had resolutions
which had been drawn up for three weeks, and
there had been no opportunity to offer them;
sometimes the abolition question prevented it; at
other times something else. Suppose we do pass
bills rechartering those banks, then the Senate
has got to act on them, and all this required time.
The amendment of Mr. Hawes was then neg-
atived.
Mr. GILLET moved to amend the bill by
reserving to Congress the right at any time to
repeal the act; which was disagreed to.
Mr. BROWN asked for the yeas and nays on
the question of engrossment; which were not
ordered.
Mr. HARLAN moved to amend the bill by
substituting the 4th of March, 1837, for the 1st
of October, 1836, as the period to which the bank
charters should be extended; which was nega-
tived—ayes 61—noes not counted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time this day.
LIGHT-HOUSES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
on the subject of light-houses; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
SUFFERERS BY NEW YORK FIRE.
Mr. CAMBRELENG expressed a hope that
the House would suspend private business, in
order to proceed with the bill for the relief of the
sufferers by the late fire in the city of New York.
Mr. WHITTLESEY said he should be very
happy to gratify the gentleman, but he could not
consent to lay aside the business of the day—the
only one in which private business could be con-
sidered.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then moved a suspen-
sion of the rules; which was negatived without
a count.
|                             PRIVATE BILLS.
The House then went into Committee of the
Whole (Mr. Ward in the chair) upon the fol-
lowing bills:
A bul for the relief of James Talford;
A bill for the relief of Pierce and Van Voorhis;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Cooper;
A bill for the relief of Thomas T. Townsley;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Franzoni
and Jardella;
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
William Findlay;
A bill for the relief of Marinus W. Gilbert;
A bill for the relief of Jesse Smith and others;
A bill for the relief of Richard Hardesty;
A bill for the relief of David Bartlett;
A bill for the relief of William Baker, of New
York; and
A bill for the relief of Doctor William Baker,
of the District of Columbia.
After the bills were considered, (one of which
was amended,) the committee rose, and reported
to the House; when the amendment to the bill
for the benefit of Jesse Smith and others, was
agreed to; and the several bills were ordered to be
engrossed, and read a third time to-morrow.
The House again went into Committee of the
Whole (Mr. Pierce, of New Hampshire, in the
chair) upon the following bills:
A bill for the relief of Daniel Whitney;
A bill for the relief of Andrew Dodge;
A bill for the relief of George Bender;                 1
A bill for the relief of Nathan P. Tatum;           i
A bill for the relief of Benjamin F. Stickney;
A bill for the relief of John McDonell;               I
A bill for the relief of Henry Knowles, sen.;    I
A bill for the relief of John "Pollock;
A bill for the relief of Daniel Homans;
A bill for the relief of Owen Rice, et al., repre-
sentatives of Eyerly;
A bill for the relief of Lieutenant Washington
Sea we 11;
A bill for the relief of Rusk & Roach; and
A bill for the relief of Jane Taylor and children.
The committee rose, reported the bills to the
House, and they were ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time to-morrow.
The House again resolved itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole, (Mr. Briggs in the rhair,)
and proceeded to consider the following bills:
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Willie Blount;
A bill for the relief of Laurentius M. Eiler;
A bill for the relief of Moses Bliss;
A bill for the relief of David S. Campbell;
A bill for the relief of Saunders & Putnam;
A bill for the relief of the executors of Charles
Wilkins;
A bill for the relief of Commodore John Downes;
A bill for the relief of Stephen Crittenden;
A bill for the relief of Jacob B. Gilbert;
A bill for the relief of Joel Sartain;
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Thomas Beaucham;
A bill for the relief of Joshua Cullumber;
A bill for the relief of Abner Stetson; and
A bill for the relief of the Springfield Manu-
facturing Company.
The consideration of the bill for the relief of
Commodore John Downes, after a few remarks
by Messrs. Parker and Grennell, was post-
poned ; and the bill for the relief of the representa-
tives of Thomas Beaucham was amended, when
The committee rose, reported the bills to the
House, with the exception of the bill for the relief
of Commodore Downes, (upon which the commit-
tee asked and obtained leave to sit again.)
| The amendment to the bill for the relief of
Thomas Beaucham's representatives was con-
curred in; and the several bills reported from'
the Committee of the Whole were ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time to-morrow.
AMERICAN CONSUL AT LONDON.
On motion by Mr. MASON, of Virginia, the
House went into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Haynes in the chair,)
upon the bill from the Senate allowing certain
charges in the accounts of the American consul
at London.
After a few remarks of an explanatory char-
acter, by Messrs. MANN, of New York, and
MASON, of Virginia, the committee rose, re-
ported the bill to the House, when it was read a
third time and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. HANNEGAN asked the consent of the
House to submit a motion for an adjournment
over to Monday.
I Objection being made, Mr. H. moved a sus-
pension of the rule; which was agreed to—yeas
107, nays 30.
Mr. HANNEGAN then moved, that when the
House adjourn, it would adjourn to Monday.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, asked for the
yeas and nays; which were not ordered.
DISTRICT BANKS.
An engrossed bill, extending the charters of
certain banks in the District of Columbia to the
1st of October, 1836, was read the third time.
Mr. BROWN asked for the yeas and nays on
its passage; which were refused.
Mr. PARKER moved an adjournment—aves
79, noes 63.                                                           r
The House then adjourned until Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 18, 1836.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Dokel-
son, his Private Secretary:
To the Senate and Howe of Representative  :
Gentlemen : In my mesaage at the opening of vour ses-
sion, I informed you that our Charge d'Afiaires at i'arl  had
been instructed to ask for the final determination of the
trench Government in relation to the payment of the in-
demnification secured by the treatv of the 4th of July, 1831,
and that when advices of the result should be received, it
would be made the subject of a special communication.
In execution of this design, I now transmit to you the
papers numbered from 1 to 13, inclusive, containing,among
other things, the correspondence on this subject between
