1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
against us; but the contest would cost France
but little, while it would cost us much. We
could inflict on Prance but little injury, while she I
could inflict on us a great deal. Mr C regarded
a war with Prance as a greater ev ll than a war
with England. We could inflict greater injuries
on England than on France. What greater ca-
lamitv could befall us than a war with France,
w hile England remained neutral' By our neu-
trality, while England was plunged m war, our
commerce was built up; and in the same way,
if we go to war with France, will our commerce
pass into the hands of England, and her navi-
fating interest will be built up at our expense,
n a war necessary for the honor of the country,
he would put all these considerations aside; it
was in such a war that the mwscles and sinews
of a country should be stretched to the utmost,
but in such a war, where the difficulties in the way
of amicable adjustment were so frivolous, where
the sum of money withheld was only five mil-
lions of dollars, shall we (said he) put in jeop-
ardy our most important mteiests'    Shall we,
(said he,) at a time when our institutions are in |
danger, w hen it is so important to maintain them, |
hazard a war with a foreign power '  There never j
was a time {he said) when a war would be so i
calamitous to thib country as the present.    If he
truly understood the dangers in which our insti-
tutions were involved, he was not extravagant in
saying that, if we go  into  war, it may end in
their destruction.
He was content to refer the message and docu-
ments to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and he hoped that they would consider it with
the utmost care, and be able to recommend some
course by which the peace of the country might
be preserved.  He would remind them, howevei,
of one thing, that, to arm, would amount to a  t
declaration of war; it would put us in a hostile
attitude towards France.    France had sent out a i
fleet, but she had not intended it as a hostile meas- '
ure, and, if we regarded the expressions in the |
official papers of her Government, we should see ,
that she believed there was no legitimate cause
of war    He (Mr. C.) regarded the situation in
which the parties stood.   As his colleague [Mr.
Prestoi.]   had  observed the  other day,  why
should the defendant be the first to commit an
act of aggression'    If we arm, (said Mr. C.,)
France will further arm; and, between the two   i
countries aiming, there will be further cause for  |
war    He could not (he said) sit still in his place,
after hearing a message of that character, and i
after what had been said by the gentleman from i
Pennsylvania, without making these few remarks.
He trusted that war would not take place and he   j
deemed it due to his station there to say that he 11
did not believe there was a legitimate cause for it. j
Mi. CÜTHBERT observed, that in the con- [
eluding remarks of the gentleman who had just i
taken his seat, [Mr. Calhoun,] he had said that
" war must inevitably follow the adoption of the
measures proposed in the message of the Presi- .
dent." War must follow; and how did the i
gentleman express his sentiments with regard to
this result' If you arm, said the gentleman, war
is to follow. Then an American Legislature was
told that we must remain in a state of passive in-
activity'—another nation arming1—that for the
defense of our national honor and interests we
dare not arm lest war might follow! Did not the
blood boil in every American bosom when senti-
ments such as these were heard in an American
Legislature' What' not arm when a powerful
fleet was approaching our coasts ' Not arm when
the rights and dignity of the country were in-
volved' Oh' shame, shame' that such language
should be heard from the tongue whose glowing
eloquence once kuidled a patriotic flame in every
American bosom, when the rights of his country
were assailed as they are now' He could not Sit
still and be silent when he heard such language
coming ñoñi such a quarter.
Mr. BUCHANAN said, when he made the ob-
servations which had called forth the remarks of
the Senatoi from South Carolina, [Mr Calhoun,]
he had believed the message to be the harbinger
of peace and not of war. This was still his opin-
ion. In this respect he differed entirely from
the gentleman. Under this impression, he had
then risen merely to remark, that, considering the
provocation which we had received, the tone, the
spirit, and the recommendations themselves of the
President were mild and prudent, and were well
calculated to make an impression upon France,
and to render her sensible of her injustice.
It had been far fiom his intention to excite a
general debate upon the French question, and he
would not be drawn into it now by the remarks
of the Senator from South Carolina. He must,
however, be permitted to say, he was sorry, \ ery
sorry, that the gentleman had proclaimed that, if
war should como, we are the authors of that war;
and it would be the fault, not of the French, but
of the American Government. Such a declara-
tion, proceeding from such a source, from a voice
so powerful and so potent, would be heatd upon
the other side of the Atlantic, and there might
produce a most injurious effect. He was happy
to say, that this sentiment was directly at war
with that of our Committee on Foreign Relations,
who, in their íeport of last session, had expressed
their decided opim m that the American Govern-
ment, should it become necessary, must insist
upon the execution of the treaty. It was at war
with the unanimous resolution of the House of
Representatives of the same session, declaring
that the treaty must be maintained. Ho behoved
it was equally at war with the feelings and opin-
ions of the American people.
Whilst he expressed his hope and his belief that
this message would prove to be the olive branch
of peace, still there was so much uncertainty in
the event, that it now became our imperative duty
to prepare for the worst. Shall We, (said Mr. B.,)
whilst a powerful fleet is hovering along our
southern coast, in a menacing attitude, sit here,
and withhold from the President the means which
are necessary to place the country in a state of
defense ' He trusted this would never, never be
the case.
The message and documents were then referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
OTHER EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The Chair announced a report from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, made in compliance with
the resolution of the Senate of the 31st instant,
showing the amount of revenue that has accrued
from all sources since the 25th of September last;
which, on motion by Mr. Calhoun, was ordered
to be printed.
The Chair also communicated a report from the
Secretary of the Treasury, on the subject of the
accounts of Daniel Vanpelt; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
PETITIOINS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of Beverly
Allen, praying that an act of Congress be passed
to authorize him to locate a confirmed tract of
land on any unappropriated public land; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr BUCHANA.N presented a memorial from
n. number of the officers of the insurance compa-
nies of Philadelphia, and a number of merchants
of that city, praying that an appropriation may
be passed for the repairs of the piers at New
Castle, and to clear out its harbor, and also pray-
ing that it may be made a port of entry, which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce
Mr. McKEAN presented a petition from sun-
dry merchants of the city of Philadelphia, pray-
ing for an appropriation to construct anew the
piers at Reedy Island, and to erect a light-house
on the same, and also to erect a light-house on
Brandywine Shoals, in the river Delaware; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce
Mr. KENT piesented a petition from sundry
citizens of Georgetown, District of Columbia,
praying for the íechaitei of the District banks,
which was íeferied to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. ROBINSON presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of duincy, Illinois, piaymg for the
establishment of a post íoute, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr R. also presented sundry resolutions of J i
the Legislature of the State of Illinois on the sub-
ject of the relinquishment of the sixteenth sections
I appropriated for school lands and the location of
other lands in lieu thereof, on the subject of an
appropriation for the improvement of the Illinois
and Kaskaskias rivers, on the subject of suivcys,
and on the subject of pensioning those who fought
in the Indian wars previous to the treaty of
Greenville; all of which were severally referred
Mr BENTON presented the memorial of Co-
lonel Richard Madison, of Missouri, praying to
be remunerated for a horse lost in the last Indian
campaign, for which he became íesponsible, and
for which he had been compelled to pay; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims
Mr. RUGGLES presented two petitions from
sundry citizens of Monioe, praying for the es-
tablishment of mail loutes, whieh were refi lied
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Petitions were also presented by Messrs.
SOUTHARD, PORTER, CLAYTON, SWIFT,
NAUDAIN, PRENTISS, SHEPLEY, and
WRIGHT.
HARBOR OF PENSACOLA.
Mr. SOUTH 4RD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, repoited a bill making an appro-
priation for deepening the harbor of Pensacola,
and for constructing a diy-dock at that place;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
Mr. DAVIS gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to bring in a bill for the relief
of Christopher T. Baily.
Mr. CLAYTON gave notice that he would to-
món o w ask leave to bring in a bill to establish
the Territory of Wisconsin.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
The following resolutions were submitted, and
he on the table one day.
By Mr. SOUTHARD:
Resolved, That so much of the resolution of the Senate
of the 14th April, 1834, as makes the execution of any
orders of the Senate lor the printing ol doeuments for its
use depend upon a similar order on the part of the other
House, be, and the same is herebj, rescinded.
By Mr. LINN:
Resohed, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing by
law for the improvement of the navigation of the Mississippi
river, from the mouth of the De  Moines river, in the Ter-
ritory of Michigan, to Fort Crawford, Praine du Chieu, in
said Territory
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands b 
Instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting and
extending the right of preemption to the miners oí the lead
mines in the Territory ot Michigan
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
I instructed to inquire into the expediency of making an
I appropriation for the speedy completion of a public rani roed
from MUwaukie bay, on Lake Michigan, through the Uni-
ted States lead mines, in said Territory, to the Mississippi
nvcr, m s ud Territory
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of erecting light houses
on suitable sites at the mouth of the Detroit river, of lake
Erie, at the mouth1? of S-iginaw river, of Hke Huron, at
Wagooshanee, or Fox Point, in the strait of Michibmacki
nac, and at the mouths ofthe Grand Kalamazoo, MUwaukie,
and Root rivers, of lake Michigan, and also for the improve-
ment of the harbor  at the tvv o latter points.
[ Resohed, That the committee inquire into the expedi-
, encj of causing the lead mines of the United States to be
sold as other public lands are
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of making appropriation*
to improve the harbors at the mouths of St Joseph, Kalama-
I zoo, Milwaukie, and Root riv ers of Lake Michigan, and for
I removing the bar at the mouth of Clinton nver, of Lake St.
i Clair, in Michigan Territory.
Resolved, Tliet tile Secretary of W ar be directed to com-
municite to tne Senate the report of the engineer detailed,
during the last summer, to survey the mouth of Chrit,tnna
nver, at the city of Wilmington, in the State of Delaware,
together with the estimates of the said engineer for the im-
provement of the said river.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route trom Butler, m Butler county, to
Franklin, in Venango county, m the State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. WHITE prefaced the introduction of his
resolution with some remarks, which were fol-
lowed by Mr GRUNDY, in reply:
Resohed, That the Secretary of War be, and he bereby
is, requested to inform the Senate whatoffice Benjamin F
Carry holds in the Cherokee nation; under what law he
was appointed, and at what tune, what salary he receives,
and whether he has at any time received any allowance in
addition to hi- salarv, and how much , stating particularly
the whole amount he has reeeived each year
On motion by Mr. CLAY, the Senate then
adjourned.
