i 16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
January 18,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Movdvt, January IS, 183G.
The petition heretofore presented by Mr.
Adams, from ritizenb oí' M.is-aichusctts, pray-
ing for the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia, and the questions growing out of the
same, were, on motion by Air. HAWES, further
postponed until Thursdav next.
Petitions and  memoiials  wire pieseiited  by
Messrs. EVANS, HALL, JARVI8, and MA-
SON, of Maine;
Mr. CUSHMAN, of New Hampshire.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by Mr. Donelsov, his Private
Secretary.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up the message
fiom the President.
No objection being made, the Speaker laid
before the House a message from the President
6f the united States. [Same as published in the
Senate proceedings, p. 113.]
Mr. McKEON submitted a preamble and reso-
lutions referring the message and documents to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, &c.
Before the resolutions were read—
Mr. MERCER inquired whether they were in
order ?
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
Mr. PINCKNEY asked for the reading of the
documents accompanying the message, but sub-
sequently withdrew the request.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, said, it was his
intention to move that the message and docu-
ments bo referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and printed. The House could not be
sufficiently advised on the subject by merely
hearing the papers read; and he thought every
step which was taken on this subject should be
marked by the most mature deliberation.
Mr. McKEON remarked, that his resolution
contemplated a reference to the proper committee
Mr. WILLI AMS, of North Carolina, requested
that the documents accompanying the message be
read; which was done.
After the documents had been read by the
Clerk,                                                                '
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, moved that the
message, and accompanying documents, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
printed.
Mr. McKEON said, he should not embarrass
that motion by then offering Ins resolutions, but,
as soon as the question of reference was decided, I
he would ask the House to take up the resolutions
Mr. HA WES moved that twenty thousand
extra copies be printed.
Mr. MASON moved to take the questions of
reference and printing separately.
The motion to refer was then agreed to, as was
that of Mr. Hawes, to print twenty thousand
extra copies.
Mr. McKEON then asked leave of the House
to submit his resolutions.
Objection being made, Mr. McKEON moved
to suspend the rules of the House, and asked
wave to have the resolution read.
This was objected to.
Mi. McKEON then remarked that he was
desirous of submitting the resolutions he had sent
to the Chair. He was aware that the rules of
the House did not permit him to offer them at the
present moment; but, as they related to our affairs
with Prance, the House might be disposed to
have them read. It was the day for presentation
of petitions—he had but little prospect—but he
informed the House the resolutions approved the
determination of the executive branch of this
Crovernmentnot to submit to giving explanations,
and he should take an early opportunity of nre-
senting them to the House. He then withdrew
the motion to suspend the rules.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
The House then resumed the presentation of
pennons and memorials.
Petitions and memorials were further presented
Mr. BEAN, of New Hampshire;
_ Messrs   GRENNELL,  CÜSHING,  PHIL-
LIPS, and ADAMS, of Massachusetts.
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition of certain
inhabitants of the State of* Massachusetts, pray-
ing the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. HAMMOND regretted that the gentleman
had thought proper to present the memorial. He
frit constrained to move the question of consid-
eration.
Mr. ADAMS said he presumed that the ques-
tion was subject to the decision upon the appeal
taken by him, on a former occasion, from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. PINCKNEY wished, in order that gentle-
men might have an opportunity of presenting
their peutions, to make the motion that the pre-
liminary question bo laid on the table.
Mr. ADAMS said, the appeal which he had
taken from the decision of the Chair, on a former
occasion, was founded on a desire, on his pait,
that the subject should not be discussed so as to
consume the whole of the day set apart for the
presentation of petitions. With these views, he
was willing to allow the gentleman from South
Carolina to make the motion that the subject be
laid on the table, to be taken up and decided on at
the same time with the other petitions.
Mr. PINCKNEY then moved to lay the motion
on the table.
Mr. HAMMOND inquired whether the motion
of his colleague was in order? The petition not
having been received, there was nothing to lay on
the table.
The CHAIR said that the motion was in order.
The gentleman from Massachusetts had moved
that the petition be received. It was competent to
lay that motion on the table.
Mr. ADAMS presented a similar petition to the
foregoing, for the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. HAMMOND again moved the question of
reconsideration. He gave notice that he would
make the same motion in every similar case, until
he could procure a direct vote on the subject.
The preliminary question was postponed until
to-morrow.
Similar petitions were presented by Messrs
CALHOUN, LINCOLN; GRENNELL, and
JACKSON, of Massachusetts, upon which the
question of reception was made; and, on motion
by Mr. GIDEON LEE, postponed until to-mor-
row.
Petitions were also presented by
Messrs. REED and LAWRENCE, of Massa-
chusetts;
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island;
tvÍt^t' PHELPS- INGHAM, HALEY, and
JUOSON, of Connecticut.
[Mr. Jodsos presented the following petitions,
and on motion the same were referred, viz: Jed-
trthim Simons, praying a pension for revolution-
ary services-, Benjamin Smith, for the same-
Benjamin Bebbins, for the same; Stephen Ben-
net, for the same.]
Messrs. ALLAN, SLADE, and JANES, of
Vermont.
| dry inhabitants of the State of New York, asking
I for an appropriation of money to be expended in
the construction of a harbor at the mouth of the
river St. Joseph, in the Territory of Michigan.
Also, similar memorials for the impi ovement of
the harbor at the mouth of Sandy Creek and of
Salmon river, Mexico Bay, Lake Ontario.]
Mr. CHAPÍN, of New York, presented the
petition of William Wickham, of Wayne county
New York, asking to be remunerated for a dwell-
ing house destroyed by the enemy.
Mr. TURRILL presented several petitions,
asking an appropriation to construct a ship canal
round the Falls of Niagara.
Mr. RUSSELL presented a petition from sun-
dry individuals, praying the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMMOND demanded the question of
consideration.
Mr. GIDEON LEE moved that the prelimi-
nary question of non-reception be laid on the
table; which was agreed to.
Messrs. PARKER, SCHENCK, and DICK-
ERSON, of New Jersey.
Messrs. POTTS and McKENNAN, of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. McKENNAN presented two memorials
from citizens of Pennsylvania; one of which
prayed for the abolition of slavery, and the other
for the suppression of the slave trade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. HAMMOND moved that they be not re-
ceived.
Mr. GIDEON LEE moved to lay the motion
on the table.
Mr. McKENNAN asked for the yeas and
nays on the question.
Mr. WISE moved a call of the House; which
was- lost.
Upon counting for the purpose of ascertaining
whether the call for the yeas and nays was sec-
onded, there appeared to be no quorum voting.
Mr. WISE again moved a call of the House;
which was lost.
Upon a second count, a quorum was found to
be in attendance, and the yeas and nays were
ordered.
Upon the question to lay the motion, that the
petitions be not received, on the table, (which
was understood merely as a postponement of the
subject until to-morrow,) the vote was as fol-
lows:
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
[Mr. Slade presented memorials, praying for
the abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the
District of Columbia, of one hundred females of
Cornwall, m the State of Vermont; of four hun-
dred and twenty-six females in the county of
Madison.m said State; of three hundred and
Unrty-sixmale citizens of McConncllsville, in the
State of New York; and of the officers and stu-
dents of Oneida Institute, in said State, which he
moved should be referred to a select committee 1
ceiled GLASC0CK moved that t"ey be not re-
J?r;Sn ^k- ^EE moved to lay,he m«ti° 
on the table; which was agreed to.
Mr. JANES, of Vermont, presented a petition
tor the abohtion of slavery in the District of Col-
Mr. HAMMOND demanded the preliminary ''
?hee table      reCept,0n' which «"*<>" ™  laid on ¡
Messrs. WARDWELL, CHAPÍN. PAttF Ü
P. C. FULLER, VANDERPOTL TTTRRlFr   11
CAMBRELENG, GILLETLAY RUSSPt't''
McKEON, and HAZELTlÑE^T'New8!!^' |
[Mr. Warottf,, presented a memorial of snn-
YEAS—Metas. Adam , Chilton Allan, Anthony, AsB;
Artlley, Barton, Benle, Be n, Beardslev, Beaumont, Belt
Bockee,  Bond,  Boon, Bouldm, Bovce, Bronn, Bunch
Bynum.Wllliam B. Calhoun, Caint Ueng, Campbell. Carr
Ciraey, Chaney, Chapman,Chapín, Nathaniel II. Claiborne.
John F. H. Claiborne, Cleveland, Corlee, Coles, Connor!
Corwin, Craig, Cramer,Cuslung, Cushman, Davis, Deberry
Diokerson,.Dickson, Doubleday, Drojngoole, Effiier, Evans!
Fairfield, Tarhn, Fowler,  Trench, Fc\, Piulo C   Fuller
Wril am K. Fuller Ombnu'tb, James Garland, ¿ice ¿iSSd!
Gillet, Granger, Grantland, Grave , Haley, Hall, Hamer
Hanm gan Harlan, Samuel S. Hamsun, Albert G. Harrison
ii™f',  ¿1wlu,?s'uIla)'nesi. Henderson, Hoar, Hopkins
i„.   ¿h ^T"' H,ubJ.cy' Hum> Huntington, Huntsman
rJMs    8hai?' ,abp,Z ¿*ek™> Jnrv,3, Joseph Johnson
i«2 Jou"90n> Hom7 Johnson, John W. Janeé, Benjamin
i  Í "^'r Uds0n' ^nn®". KUgore, Kinnard, KlmgensVmth,
' rJ™e'i;T1BgJLaporte'^!lwIer Lawre'" ', Lay, Gideon
Lee, Joshua Lee. Luke Lea,  Leonard, Logan, Lovall
I jXfv^r' AlihMann' J " Mann, Mannmg  Martin
1 M¿J\f m0n'^maíS Mason> Moses Mason, Sampson
Kc^'ivwry* "SP  McC™y> McComa , McKay, Mc-
Kcon, ¡VIcKim,   Mercer,   MiUer, Million! Montebrociv
Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg. Owens, Pag"  Park'f Patter^
XliT9 t PCaT' ¥nklm Pleree' PettVrew/Peyton,
1 noldf 'iS^V* RenCT,h?' Jobn «eynolds, Jose'ph Rey-'
nolds, Ripley, Roane, Koberbon, Roger*. Selicnck   Sev-
ShTn^'T \ ShTrd¿ Au",Winp " Stepped sL^s,
Un ?% u¿&ipa£g1?' átan<,ef<", Steele, Storer, Suther?
Tní'J^aerr0'^TaylorlTTnoraas J- Thomson, Toucey,
fcTu™*> T,urrl I. Underwood, Vanderpoel, Vinton)
slS ^ard' "^".Wa.hingto^LevL Williams
blierrod Williams, and Wise—177.
rmA,ySi^^t'"8- Banks' Borden> ""ge*. Jo!"1 Oalhoon,
fe r'~iT%}óba C1>?mbere, bark, Darlington
itlZZ'„£ i?Ui, ^W. Glascock, Grennell, Gnffin
Hammond Hani Harper, Hazeltmé, Heister,' Holsey
PhTi.Lr?'n' ^cKennan, McLene\ Moms Parker
bprague, \\ ebster, White, and Whittlcsey-37.
Mr. HEISTER, of Pennsylvania, presented
several petitions praying the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMMOND moved that they he not re-
ceived.
Mr. LEE, of New York, moved to lay the mo-
tion on the table.
Mr. L. said, he defined it proper to explain
