1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEX
Ifl
to carry their resolves into certain effect, thtmett-
mg was adjourned to reassemble m the same
public building proposed to be occupied by the
ABohtion convention, and on the same day when
that convention was to meet. At aa early heur
of the day designated, the public building m oraes-
tion was tolled with the citizens of the town,and
not an Abolitionist was know n to enter it. ¡Soon,
however, the assemblage was informed that the
proposed convention was assembling at a church
m the vicinity, for the purpose, as it was believed,
of showing upon paper the proceedings of a State
convention of that character A committee, con-
sisting of twenty-five members, selected from the
most respectable and influential inhabitants of the
town, was instantly appointed,and instructed by
the meeting of citizens to repair to the church
and mfonn the convention of the wishes and
determination of the inhabitants of Utica, that
their city should not be made the headquarters
for their misehie\ ous movements. The commit-
tee obeyed the order of the meeting, made their
way into the church, and announced their errand
and their instructions to the assembled convention,
when, fortunately for the peace of the commu-
nity, the convention dispersed, without attempt-
ing to proceed with their business.
Such, (Mr. W. said,) substantially, was the
history which had been given to him by eye-wit-
nesses, of the most respectable character, of the
attempt to hold a State convention of Abolition-
ists at Utica, and of its results, and for the credit
of his usually orderly and peaceable constituents,
he wished he could stop here, and give the full
evidence of the feeluag manifested on that occa-
sion. The whole truth, however, went further;
and he believed it due to the present occasion, to
give the whole truth. During the night of the
day on which the convention had been thus dis-
persed, he had been further informed that some
disorderly persons forced their way into a print-
ing office in Utica, supposed to be owned by some
of the agitators, and certainly devoted to their
cause, and committed depredationsupon the prop-
erty of the office; among other acts of violence,
throwing the types into the street. These per-
sons, for this offense, had been brought before
the magistracy, and put under recognizance to
appear at the then next court to be held for the
county, and answer for the act. Recent inform-
ation told him they had appeared, that their case 
had been presented to the grand jury, and that
that jury, acting upon their oaths, had reported
no bills against them.
There was one further fact (Mr. TV said) he
ought not to omit, in giving the evidences of the
correct state of public opinion, elicited by this
attempt to hold an abolition State convention at
Utica. One member of the committee of twenty-
five appointed by the citizens to repair, and wiio
did repair to the church and aid m dispersing
this convention, was,at the time, before the peo-
ple as a candidate for the State Senate. In about
two weeks from the time of the transaetions he I
had detailed, the name of this gentleman was
presented at the polls throughout his, Senate dis-
trict—a district comprising from two hundred and
fifty to three hundred thousand of the population
of the State—and not a shadow of opposition
was made against his election from any quarter.
Could this have happened if these agitators had
possessed any hold upon the feelings of that peo-
ple-—the very people among whom they had pro-
posed to raise the standard and commence their
proceedings as a State society  Most assuredly
it could not.
Again- another individual of that committee
was a distinguished member of the New York
delegation in the other branch of Congress, and
information just received announced his appoint-
ment by the Legislature of the State,by a strong,
an almost unanimous vote, to the highly-respons-
ible and important office of attorney general of
the State Such had already been the expres-
sions of public opinion as to two of the members I
of the committee of the citizens of Utica, who
were put forward, at an important momant, to
suppress the agitators. Could there be anything
equivocal in expressions like these> Would the '
honorable Senator from Virginia—would any
member of the Senate, or any citizen of the
country, after such manifestations, permit their I
confidence in the soundness of the public feeling
at the North to be shaken by such a publication
as-that referred to by Dr Channing' He could
not think they would. He most earnestly hoped
they would not.
Mr. W. said he had mentioned these facts, and
he might mention many others of a somewhat
similar character, to show that the determined
feeling of resistance to these dangerous and wicked
agitators in the North had already rtaehed a
point above and beyond the law, and, if left to its
own voluntary action, decisive of the fate of ab-
olitionism in that quartet. Why,he would ask,
were sueh manifestations of feeling found among
those who were wholly uninterested in slave
property' The answer was single and palpable.
Their attachment to the Constitution and the
Umon prompted it; and, if left to govern them-
selves by that attachment, there was no cause to
apprehend danger He appealed, then, in the
kindest manner, and with great confidence, to the
Representatives of the slaveholding States, to say
whether it was now desirable, whether it was
now wise, to attempt to force this feeling fui ther*
For himself, (Mr. W. said,) he must say ha
considered it immensely important that the acUott*
of the Senate should be calm and considerate, that
nothing should be done rashly, that no step should
be taken which could by any, the most sensitive,
be considered violent. He must repeat, that any
such action would put a weapon into the hands
of the agitators more powerful, and much more
to be feared, than all their eiforts of a voluntary
character. Such, he most deeply feared, would
be a vote of the Senate, that petitions upon this
subject, without regard to their language and
character, should not be received by the body.
He was not disposed, at the present time, eve 
to discuss the question of the extent of the con-
stitutional right to petition Congress, so strongly
did he feel that discussion or debate of any sort
upon this topic would produce only unmixed evil
to every portion of the country. He was willing,
for his present purpose, to place the question of
reception or rejection upon the ground taken by
the honorableSenator from Virginia,[Mr.LxioH,]
and to consider it as a question of mere expediency,
and he hoped that, in that sense, he had said
enough to satisfy every member of the Senate
that there would be great danger in the course
proposed by the motion under consideration.
Without discussing the question, he thought
every Senator would concede that a general im-
pression prevailed among our whole people, of
every portion of the Union, that the right to peti-
tion Congress in respectful terms anda íespectful
manner was one of the broadest rights secured
by the Constitution. Refuse it upon the broad
principle, as relating to this subject, and these
malignant agitators will seize upon the act to
draw to themselves and their cause the public
sympathy. They will represent themselves as
having been denied their constitutional rights,
aad as being the subjects of unjust and uniea-
sonable persecution, and, once able to occupy that
ground plausibly, they will become vastly more
dangerous than they can ever make themselves by
any efforts of their own.
Mr. W. said, it appeared to him that a unani-
mous expression of the Senate, if that could be
secured, was of the greatest importance, as being
much more calculated to allay excitement in every
portion of the country, than any peculiar form
of expression which might be preferred by any
sectional interest. Under thisimpiession, he had
hoped that the liberal and patriotic proposition
of his friend from Pennsylvania [Mr Buchanan]
would have been adopted by universal consent,
that these petitions, and all others upon the same
subject, if not clearly unexceptionable in their
language and manner, would be received, be per-
mitted to be read at the Clerk's table if desired,
and then that the prayer of each would be promptly
rejected, without one word of debate, and by the
vote of every Senator. He yet hoped the Senate
would consent to take that course. Its effect would
be, in his judgment, most eminently calculated
to allay excitement everywhere, and everywhere
that effect was most desirable. A political or geo-
graphical vote could not have that effect anywhere,
and therefore he hoped not to see such a vote.
A single other remark, (Mr. W. said,) and h«
would «ecwptyt Úu> attention- el th« Senate bo-
longer. The gentlemen from the So th assure us-
theyhnvenoapprehensionfoi their safety, and for
the safety of their respective States, let the present
excitement result as it may. It was pleasant to
him. to hear these assurances They were calcu-
lated to do good everywhere; but he must say,
in sheer justice to the non-slaveholdmg States,
that they should not be made in a manner to
carry with them the implication that our fellow-
citizens of the South are to meet enemies m the 
great body of the citizens of the North. Such is
not the fact—they are fi lends to the South, friends
to the constitutional rights of the South, friend 
to the peace of the country, friends to the pres-
ervation of the Union of Uwsse States, and they
will, upon all occasions and in every place, per-*
form all their constitutional duties, as pointed
out by the honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Leigh.] Thoy will, upon every call, most cheer-
fully lend their aid to quell insurrection, no*
promote it, they will open their arms, not present
then bayonets, to all their fellow-citizens of
whatever section of the Union.
Air. CALHOUN could not concur with the
gentleman from New York, that so much delicacy
was to be shown to the very small pait of hia
own State he referred to, that thews petitions were
to be rejected, lest the refusal to receive them
might be considered as a violation of the right of
the citizen to petition Congress. But (said Mr.
C.) does the gentleman look at our side oí the.
question' If his constituents (continued Mr C.)
are to be treated with so much respect that thtir
petitions are to be received, what is to be con-
sidered as due to our constituents' The Senator
considered the petition before the Senate a  mod-
erate in its language—he did not say otherwise—
language (said Mr. C.) which tueats us as butchers
and pirates. The Senator said that they must
receive this petition, and reject it, lest it might
be considered as violating the right of petition.
To receive it  and immediately reject it—this
looked something like juggling. Was the peti-
tion of sufficient consequence to be received, and
at the same time of so httle consequence as to be
immediately rejected' Was it intended merely
that this petition was to be put on the files of the
Senate, as a record to show the opuwoji entertained
of the people of the South by these Abolitionists'
The Senator told them that tins abolition spirit
had subsided at the North. He told them that
this convention of Utica, which he spoke of as an
exception to the general rule in his State, was
compelled to disperse. Well, within a few days a
newspaper, published at Utica, had been handed
to htm, called the Oneida Standard and Democrat,
He supposed the gentleman was acquainted with
its character; it was headed " For President,
Martin Van Buren, of NewTtork-, for Vice Pres-
ident, Richard M. Johnson, of Kentucky." This
paper contained a most violent attack on the
southern States and their institutions.
Mr. WRIGHT explained: he only wished to
state that it was the office wheie this ^>aper was
published which had been forcibly entered, and
the types thrown into the street, as he had before
related, tliat it was for that offense against this
paper when the grand jury of the county re-
fused to find bills of indictment, that neither him-
self nor his friends could be responsible for the
names which such a paper might choose to place
at its head-, but that of this one fact he could
assure the Senator of his own knowledge, that no
other party in the whole State was moie univer-
sally or distinctly understood to be hostile to the
political party to which he belonged than tins
paper, aad he did not doubt that its columns would
establish his position.
Mr. CALHOUN continued.- He had always
supposed that there was something inexplicable
in the politics of New York, and the explanation
of the gentleman confirmed the opinion. But to
return to the petitions The gentleman said that
unanimity of opinion in the Senate w as very de-
sirable. He said so too. Let the gentleman and
his fi lends join us, (said Mr. C.,)and in that way
we can obtain unanimity of opinion If, as the
gentleman said, the petition was to be immcdiau.lv
rejected, why receive itiat all' Would the gen-
gleman say that a refusal to receive the petition
would press in the slightest degree on the cousti-
