m
TíiE CONGftEtftfONAL iQLOSR
January* ££
i
He did r.ot deny that they wodd stealj but not
so generally aad desperately as that vice pre-
vailed in other places. The relation between
master and slave combined many b cssuigs. He
would not defend slavery in the abstract. 11 it
could be got rid of to the benefit of the slaves
themselves, to the preservation of the rights of
the owners, and without infringing on the Con-
stitutioa, he would cheerfully Accede to it; but it
was impossible. What could be done with the
slaves themselves? Mr. B. gave way for a mo-
Mr. WISE, who then modified his amendment
so as to make it an addíüonal resolation, instead
of a substitute for Mr. Jarvis's modified resolu-
tion.                                                        ,,. .      ,
Mr. BOULDIN then made a few addíüonal re- i
marks on the subject, and concluded by an earnest
hope that the Abolitionists would pause ere they
proceeded further in their attempts to break down
the bulwark of the Constitution, and bring a civil
war upon the country.
Mr. PICKENS asked if this subject was the
order of the day ?
The CHAIR said, the resolution was in order
till one o'clock, and until then the question of
order could not be raised-
Mr. PICKENS alluded to the attacks tha'. had
been made upon him, in reference to his course a
few weeks ago on this subject, and reprobated it.
He then went on to describe the power possessed
by the Abolitionists of the North, which he main-
tained to be greater than was generally imagined.
In New York, where all parties were almost
equally divided between the Anti-Masonic party,
the Whig party, and the Regency party, as he
termed it, they already held the balance of power,
and this would be their situation in a very short
time throughout the northern States. Mr. P.
proceeded till one o'clock, when
Mr. C AMBRELENG moved the orders of the
day.
Mr. PICKENS raised the question of order,
that, under the 43d rule, this was the first unfin-
ished business on the Speaker's table, and was
therefore, in his opinion, the order of the day.
The CHAIR said the House must first determ-
ine whether it would proceed to the orders of the
day. His opinion was, that the resolution claimed
precedence only during the morning hour, and
could be laid aside for the orders of the day with-
out a Majority of two thirds.
Mr. HAMMOND called for the yeas and nays
on the motion for the orders of the day. Or-
dered—ayes 32, noes 120; being one fifth in the
affirmative.
The vote was as follows; yeas 105, nays 105.
YE AS—Messrs. Adams, Heman Allen, Ash, Banks, Bar-
ton, Hem,. Bokee, Bond, Boon, Borden, Boyd, Bnggs,
Brown, Cambreleng, Casey, George Chambers, Chaney,
Chapín, Childs, Clark, Coles, Cramer, Cushman, Davis,
Denny, Dicfcefson, Efftier, Fairfield, Farti , Fallow, PMlo
C. Fuller, William K. Fuller, Gnlbrerth, QBIet, Granger,
Giantland, Graves, Grayson, Haley, Joseph Hall, Hanne-
gan, Hard, Samuel S. Harrison, Hawes, Hazeltine, Hop-
kins, Howard, Howell, Hubley, Huntington, Ingersoll,
Janes, Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Judson, Kermon,
Kilgerc, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Lawrence,
Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Leonard, Logan, Loyall, Abijan
Mann, Job Mann, William Mason, Moses Mason, MeKeon,
McKim, Miller, Milligan, Moore, Page, Parker, Parks,
Patterson, Datee J. Pearce, Phelps, Phillips, Potts, Meed,
John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Russell, Scbenck, Sey-
mour, Shinn, Smith, Spangler, Sutherland, Taylor, John
Thompson,Toucev, vanderpoel, Vinton, Wagener, Ward,
Wardwell, Webster, and Whittlesey—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Anthony, Ashley, Beale,
Bell, Bouidui, Buneh, Bynum, John CaUioon, William B.
Calhoun, Campbell, Johu Chambers, Chapman, Nathaniel
H. Claiborne, John F. H. Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee,
Conner, Craig, Crane, Gushing, Darlington, Deberry,Dick-
son, Dromgoole, Evans, Everett, Forester, French, Jame*
Garland, Kio« Garland, Glascock, Grennell, Griffin, Hiland
Hall, Hamer, Hammond, Hardin, Harlan, Harper, Albert
G. Harrison, Hawkins, Haynes, Hiéster, Hoar, Holsey,
Hunt, Huntsman, Ingham, William Jackson, Joseph Jack-
son, Jams, Henry Johnson, John W. Jones, Lawler, Lay,
Luke Lea, Lincoln, Lucas, Lyon,Manning, Martin, John Y.
Mason, Sampson Mason, Maury, May, McCarty, McCotnas,
McKay, McKcnnon, McLene, Mercer, Montgomery, Mor-
gan, Morris, Owens, Patton, Pranklin Pierce, James A.
Pearoe, Pettigrew, Peyton, Picking, Pinckney, Kencaer,
Koane, Robertson, Rogers, William B. Shepard, Augustine
II. Shepperd, Slade, Sloane, Standefer, Steele-Storer,Tal-
iaferro, Thomas, Waddy Thompson, Towns, Turner, Un-
derwood, Weeks, White, Lewis Williams, Sherrod Wil-
liams, and Wise—105.
The CHAIR then votedin the affirmative, mak-
ing yew 106, nays 105. So the House proceeded
to the orders of the day.-
HOUSE CONTINGENT FUND.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Clerk transmitting, pursuant to the order
of the House, a tabular statement of the expend-
iture of the contingent fund under each material
head for several years; which was referred to the
Committee on Accounts, and ordered to be printed.
THE DISTRICT BANKS.
The bill extending the charters of certain banks
in the District of Columbia until the first of Oc-
tober next, was read the third time and passed.
APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill making appropriations in part for the
support of the Government for the year 1836,
commonly called the House contingent bill, was
then taken up for its third reading.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved its postponement
till to-morrow.
Mr. ADAMS begged to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means when
it was intended to report the general appropria-
tion bill ?
Mr. CAMBRELENG said it would have been
reported before now but for the indisposition of
one of the chief clerks in one of the Departments.
It would be reported on Tuesday next at all
events.
The House then postponed the above bill till
to-morrow—ayes 94, noes not counted.
SUFFERERS BY NEW YORK FIRE.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then moved to postpone
the various bills on the Speaker's table, upon
their third reading, till to-morrow, except the bill
for the relief of the sufferers by the latefire in New
York, which motion, after a few words from
Messrs. CAMBRELENG, HARDIN, WISE,
WHITTLESEY, and LEE, of New York, was
agreed to—ayes 126, noes not counted.
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG the House
then resolved itself intoa Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Connor in the
Chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
for the relief of the sufferers by the late fire in
New York.
Mr. EVERETT, after a few remarks, pro-
posed sundry amendments to the bill, chiefly of
a verbal character. The principal was, that the
bonds should bear interest to the time of their
payment.
Mr. DENNEY said his chief objection to the
bill arose from its conflicting with that clause of
the Constitution which provided that there should
be no preference given to one port over another.
The second section of the bill did go to alter, to
a certain extent, the present revenue regulations.
The first section of the bill provided for the relief
of individuals who had suffered by the fire; but
the second section was too general, for it extended
to all the importations in the port of New York,
prior to the late fire, and to that extent gave a
preference to New York over every other port in
the country. It was partial legislation, in direct
violation of that clause of the Constitution. It
also conflicted, he thought, with the act of 1832,
commonly called the compromise bill. These
were his objections to the bill. He would have
been glad if the bill had been more specific, had
classified the sufferers, and discriminated between
those who were the citizens and the foreign agents.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, said the bill
was already so incumbered with the amendments
that he should not offer then what he intended to
at a future period of its consideration. The bill
was too partial in its operations, and left alto-
gether unprovided for those who had most claim
upon the community and Upon Congress. There
was but one portion of that community who ought
to be relieved. It was those iwho had imported
goods, had them in packages, and lost them by
the fire. Mr. P. said, at the proper time he
should move a third section to the bill, providing
that the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized
and directed to pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to all other
persons who had suffered loss of property by the
late conflagration in the city of New York, not
provided for in either of the sections of the bill,
fifteen per centum on such loss.
Mr. P. urged another objection to the bill,
which was that of giving up the power of Con-
gress over this matter to the collector of New
Yorkv No man esteemed that gentleman move
highly than he did, but he never would consent to
give up such control to any man, as was proposrd
in this b'll. Another feature of the bill was ob-
jectionable. It provided that no sufferer could
receive any benefit from it whose loss did not
amount to the sum of one thousand dollars. He
also referred to various analogous acts of relief,
and argued at length against the provisions of the
present bill.
Let those (he said) who had suffered, bring
their claims individually before Congress, and let
them be investigated; but this bill was in viola-
tion of all existingprecedents, and conflicted with
the principle on which alone relief should be af-
forded. It provided for the most wealthy, and
omitted the most needy. The bill was not what
it purported to be. It was not " a bill for the
relief of the sufferers of New York," but a bill
extending accommodation to the mercantile in-
terest of New York.
Mr. PHILLIPS said he was desirous of ad-
dressing the House on this bill, but as the hour
was late, he moved that the committee would rise;
which was agreed to, and the committee accord-
ingly rose.
On motion by Mr. RENCHER, the bill and
proposed amendments were ordered to be printed,
and,
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the House ad-
journed.
JN SENATE.
Thursday, January 21, 1836.
On motion by Mr. TALLMADGE, a petition
on the files of the last session, from sundry citi-
zens of New York, for the establishment of a post
route, was again referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. T. presented the petition of Commodore
Wooisey; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TYLER presented the petition of Charles
D. Waddy, praying to be compensated for his in-
vention for the repair of vesselsinjured by worms,
which has been used for several years past in the
public service; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. McKEAN, from the Committee on Public
Land , reported the bill for the relief of Susan
Marlow, without amendment.                              >■•.
Mr. McK., from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill regulating the pay of officers
of the marine corps; which was read and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which had been referred the bill for
the relief of Samuel Smith Linn McGee, and
Semoice, Creek Indians, reported the same with-
out amendment.
Mr. EWING, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported without amendment the bill ex-
tending the time for issuing scrip on United States
military land warrants.
Mr. E., from the same committee, also reported
the bill to give> effeet to patents for public lands
issued to deceased persons, with amendments?
whieh were read.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee' on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which had been referred the res-
olution of the Senate, directing that committee to
inquire into the expediency of constructing float-
ing steam batteries for the public service, reported
a bill appropriating f 66(M)00 for that object, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of War; which was read and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. B., from the same committee, reported a bill
making an appropriation for opening a military
road from Fort Leavenworth to the river Des
Moines; which was read and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. B., from the same committee, reported
without amendment the bill providing for the in-
crease of the corps of United States engineers.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, reported without amendment,
the bill for the relief of Elijah Simmons.
Mr. TYLER, on leave, introduced a bill author-
izing the accounting officers of the Treasury to
