128
THE C0N&R£S$I0NA1í GLOBE,
uaiiuaij al.
North, that they ought to vote on the constitu-
tional ground, and thereby erect a barrier against
the attempts of these fanatical men, whicn_ would
neicr be arre-ted by the mere question of expe-
diency The declaration, that all men were by
nature born equal, referred to political privileges;
foi the history of man, from the earliest ages,
showed that there were always a chosen few se-
lect!, d by the desiffns of an overruling Providence.
Th.s abstract truth, that all men wore by nature
boin equal, put into practical operation, would
brm" ruin and desolation upon the land. This
was'the case in the first French Revolution, and
which produced the Dantons and Robespierres
of that day. He maintained also, that the great
classification of capitalists and laboicra was anal-
ogous to that of master and slave, and was iden-
tical in both in its effects and results. This was
the principle of all the civilized governments of
the earth. The capitalists possessed the power,
and used it for the purpose of making the laborers
pay as much as possible, which the former divided
among themselves. The only distinction was,
hi the one case the laborer was held in direct sub-
jection by domestic slavery, and in the other they
were indiiectly held in the aggregate by the Gov-
ernment. He then took a review of the condition
of society m England, and that visible at the Five
Points in New York, which more required ame-
lioiation than the institutions in the South. Look
at the political condition of the State of New York.
No party was ever more despotic than the present
dominant party that now ruled that State—not
even in France, at the conclusion of the last
century, when a man scarce dare whisper in the
bosom of the partner of his heart.
Mr. P. concluded by repelling tbe charges
brought against the party to which he belonged,
as disuniomsts, and against himself.
As soon as Mr. P. had concluded,
Mr, HOAR, of Massachusetts, obtained the
floor; and
Mr. CAMBRELENG called for the orders of
the day; but the House did not sustain the mo-
tion—ayes 84, noes 90.
Mr.'HOAR then addressedthe House at length.
He did not design (he said) to go over the whole
grounds of discussion on tins subject that had
been already opened; but as he came from the
same section of the country some of those peti-
tions did, he considered it his duty to reply to a
few positions and remarks that had been made.
They would seem to invitethe inquiry, what was
the meaning of the Constitution, and what was
the intention of the framers of that instrument*
Very little had been said in relation to this sub-
ject. They had much elegant declamation, but
very little argument. Mr. H. said, in relation to
the power of the General Government to abolish
slavery in the States, there was not a pretense of
right on its part to interfere with, to abolish, or
to touch it. He would consider such a pretense
on the part of the Union with a single State, an-
alogous to that of a foreign Power making an
attempt to change the form of government of
those States. He had never yet met a single man
in the North who had maintained or pretended to
maintain that the General Government had any
such right. He had heard of such men, but he
had yet to see the first man. For himself, if he
thought the Union was destined to last till the
northern States wished to interfere with slavery
in the southern States, ho believed it would be
perpetual. He believed there was no such idea
entertained there. He could assure southern
gentlemen that there was no feeling of reproach
towards them because they were slaveholders,
and, if any did use thatlanguage, they reproached
their own forefathers. With regard to the reso-
lutions before the House, he observed that the
question relating to the Territories was not then
under consideration. In interpreting the Consti-
tution, Mr. H. contended that we must be gov-
erned by the instrument itself, and not by remote
probable consequences. The language of the
clause of the Constitution relative to the District
was general, and gave the power to Congress, as
clear as the English language could convey it, to
legislate on the subject of slavery within the Dis-
trict. The language was clear, intelligible, and
unambiguous. To show it was not so, it must
be shown to be inconsistent with other parts of
the Constitution. He would look at the circum-
stances under which the instrument was formed.
Slavery had been abolished in one or more of the
States before its adoption; it was in progress in
seveial other States, and the subject had excited
much discussion at that time. He contended that
the clause giving Congress exclusive legislation
over this District gave it ample power to legislate
on the subject of slavery. If this were not so, it
was inevitable that, if the States of Maryland and
Virginia should abolish slavery within their limits,
nothing short of an amendment of the Constitu-
tion could authorize the General Government to
follow their example.
ft was said this power was not unlimited; he
granted this; but, at the same time, he appealed
to what had been done by the States themselves
on other subjects, and the powers they had exer-
cised. He believed, if any limitation had been
intended by the two States which ceded the Dis-
trict, it would have been expressed m distinct
and positive terms, and not have been left to im-
Clication. Poitions of the acts of cession had
een quoted to show that there were limitations,
but they were by inference only, though he him-
self could notsee iteven by inference. Itdidnot
follow that, because the State of Virginia did not
grant the right of property, therefore she did not
intend to grant the right of government. Mr.
H. then defended the character of Dr. Channing,
and passed a high eulogy upon his learning, his
labors, and his mental qualifications, m which he
was second to no man living. He again assured
the gentlemen of the South, that there was not the
slightest desire on the part of any portion of the
intelligent people of the North to interfere with
the rights of the South. It would be easy enough
to take an article from a newspaper which might
go to this, but then it did not follow that all the
Eeople were of the same opinion. He expressed
ímself surprised at the argument made use of by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Peyton,] or
rather the complaint made by the gentleman, that
the Governor of New York refused to deliver up
for punishment, in Alabama, a citizen of New
York. He was surprised at this coming from
the quarter it did.
Mr. PEYTON explained, that he did not alhide
to the particular case.
Mr. HOAR said, nor did he. It was the prin-
ciple he was referring to. It was the making a
man amenable to laws in which he had no inter-
est or voice, or had never set his foot within the
limits of the State, and yet was to be punished
by that State. The gentleman would make a
citizen of another State subject to punishment,
even to death, although he had never seen a citi-
zen of the State whose laws he was said to have
infringed. The idea-was preposterous. Mr. H.
replied in detail to the remarks of Mr. Peyton,
and proceeded until half-past three o'clock, when
he gave way to
Mr. GRENNELL, who moved an adjourn-
ment, but gave way for the Speaker to present
the following message from the President of the
United States:
Washington-, January 20,1836
Sir- I herewith transmit to the Hou-,e of Representa-
tives, a report from the Directorof the Mint, exhibiting the
operations of that institution during the year 1835.
The report contains also some very useful suggestions as
to certain changes in tho laws connected null our coinage,
and with that establishment, winch are recommended'to
your early attention.
Besides some remark  in it on Hie progress Blade m the
erection of Branch Mints, and procuring machinery there-
for, I inclose a report from the Secretary of the Treasury,
submitting more detailed statements, as to the new build-
ings, from each of the agents appointed to superintend their
erection.
ANDREW JACKSON.
I Hon. James K. Polk,
Spealcer of the House  f Representatives
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the mes-
sage was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed; and then
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 22, 1836.
Mr. CAMBRELENG rose and said: Mr Speak-
er, I must ask the indulgence of the House for
one moment, to notsee an attack made on me in
one of the morning papers of this city to-day.
The CHAIR said it could only be done by the
unanimous consent of the House.
No ob]ection was made; and
Mr. CAMBRELENG proceeded. Mr. Speak-
er, the attack I would not notice were it not, sir,
that it is an attack also upon this House, and in-
volves the question now before the Senate of the
United States. That attack is, that the remarks
I made upon the three million appropriation bill
at the last session wore not published until after
the adjournment of Congress, following it up
with the insinuation that these remarks never
were made. It is not my purpose, sir, on a ques-
tion like this, when I have so much higher game,
to run a tilt with the editor of the United States
Telegraph. I merely notice it to pronounce the
statement and the insinuation both false, and to
state that when the opportunity does arrive to dis-
cuss this question, there would not only be found
one, but more than one member of this House,
not only on one side, but on both sides of the
House, who -will vindicate the proceedings of
this House in relation to that hill, from the attacks
of the other body.
The SPEAKER said it was not hi order to
allude to the other body.
Mr. ADAMS asked the consent of the House
to submit a resolution in connection with the
subject.
The resolution was read fot the information of
the House, as follows:
Resohed, That e* much of the message of the President
of the Unite* Startps to Cpngre   at tbe ooaimencement of
the present session as relates to the failure at the last «es-
sion of Congress of the bill containing the ordinary appro-
priation for tortifjcationn, be referred to a select committee,
with instructions to inquire into and report to the House
the causes and circumstances of the failure of that lull-
Objection being made, Mr. MILLER moved to
suspend the rule of the House to enable the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to offer his resolution.
Mr. VANDERPOEL asked for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules; which
were ordered, ajid were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Heman Allen, Anthony, Ash,
Barton, Bean, Beardsley, Beaumont, Bockec, Boon, Bor-
den, Bovee, Boyd, Briggs, Brown, Cambreleng, Campbell,
Carr, Casey, Chaney, Chapman, Chapín, Childs, Nathaniel
H Claiborne, Clark, Cleveland, Coles,Craig, Cramer, Cush
man, Deberry, Denny, Diekerson, Dickson, Dromgoole,
Effner, Evan , Fairfield, Farhn, French,Fry, Piulo C. Ful-
ler, James Garland, Rice Garland, Gillet, Glascock, Granger,
Grantland, Haley, Hamer, Hannegan, Harper, Samuel S.
Harrison. Albert G Harrison, Hawes, Hawkins, Haynee,
Henderson, Heister, HoJaer, Hopkins, Hubley, Huntsman,
Ingham, Jabez Jackson, Joseph Johnson, Richard M Joan-
son, Cave Johnson, John W Jones, JudVon, Kilgore,Tjane,
Lansing, Laporte, Lawler, Lay, Gideon Lee, Leonard,
Lincoln, Loyall, Lucas, Abijan Mann, Manning, Martin,
John Y. Mason, William Mason, May, McCarty, McKay,
MeKeon, McKim, McLene, Miller, Montgomery, Morgan,
Moms, Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Parker, Patterson,
Dutee J. Pearee, Franklin Pierce, Phelps, Phillips, John
Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Robertson, Rogers, Schenck,
Seymour, Shields, Shinn, Sloan, Smith, Spangler, Sprague,
Storer, John Thomson, Toucey, Towns, Turner, Turnll.
Vanderpoel, Wagener, WardweU, Webster, Weeks, and
Lewis Williams—199.
NAY3—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Banks,Bell,Bond,Beul-
din, Buneh, John Calhoon, William B. Calhoun, George
Chambers, John Chambers, Corwin, Crane, Cushing, Dar-
lington, Davis, Everett, Forester,Grayson, Grennell, Griffin,
Hammond, Haid, Hardin,Harlan, Hazeltine, Iloar,Howard,
Howell, JngersoU, Janes, Jams, Lawrence, Luke Lea,
Sampson Mason, Maun, McComas,McKennan, Milhgan,
Parks, James A. Pcaree,Petügrow, Peyton, Pmckney, Reed,
Roane, Russell, William B Shepard, Au"U<!tine H Shep-
perd, Blade, Standefer,TaIieféiTO, Thomas, Waddy Thomp-
son, Underwood, Vinton, Washington, White, Wnittle*ey,
Slierrod Williams, anj Wise—«0.
Mr. ADAMS then submitted the foregoing
resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
to amend'the resolution, by giving the select
committee power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. ADAMS said, that the portion of the Presi-
dent's message which referred to this subject was
in these words:
'•Much loss and inconvenience have been experienced
in consequence of the failure of the bill containing the ordi-
nary appropriations for fortifications, which passed one
branch of the National Legislature at the last session, but
was lost in the other. This failure was the more regretted,
not only because it necessarily interrupted and delayed the
progress of a system of national defense projected immedi-
ately after the last war, and since steadily pursued, but also
because it contained a contingent appropriation inserted in
accordance with the views of the Executive in aid of this
important object, and other branches of the national de-
fense, some portions of which might have been most use-
fully applied during the past season I invite your early
attention to that part of the report of the Secretary of War
which relates to this subject, and recommend an appropn-
