THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
BV BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Skssiov, 24th Congress.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 133G.
Volume 3 ...No 9.
ation snflicieriUv liberal to accelerate the armament of the
rbrtmciuons agreeably to the proposition submitted by him,
and to place our whole Atlantic sea board in a complete
frue of defense \ ju*t regard to the permanent interests
of the conntn evidently requires this measure, but there
are also other reasons which, at the present juncture, five
It peculiar force, and make it m> duty to call to the subject
jour special consideration "
Mr. A. thought that was all that related to the
subject; and he offered the resolution for the ap-
pointment of a committee with instructions to
inquire and report as to the facts relating to the
loss of the three million appropriation bill, prin-
cipally in consequence of what had taken place
in another quarter upon this sub|ect.
The CHAlRremmded the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts that it was not in order to allude to the
Senate.
Mr. ADAMS said he was perfectly well dis-
posed to observe the rules established, and would
go no further in reference to what had taken place
in the Senate than the rules would authorize. He
said that he had offered the resolution in conse-
quence of what had occurred in another place.
He had not said that that place was the Senate of
the United States. That was a matter which any
gentleman was competent to determine for him-
self where the place was. He said this because,
although perfectly aware that in point of form,
there was a rale, never observed, that no allusion
shall be made in debate, in either House, to what
is passing in the other; yet unless allusion to what
was going forward in the other branch of the Legis-
latureshould be pcrmitted,it would take from him
the possibility of stating the real grounds on which
he asked a committee of the House. He did not
refer nominally to anything that had taken place
■n the Senate, but he did refer to what had taken
place elsewhere; and he should proceed, and have
reference to what had occurred in another place,
as long as it should be the pleasure of the Speaker
or the House to permit him.
The SPEAKER here read the rule which ap-
plied to the case, and Mr. Adams was about pro-
ceeding, when
Mr MERCER called him to order. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts had not nominally
alluded to the Senate, but he had intentionally,
and was therefore out of order.
The SPEAKER said, that, according to par-
fiamentary usage, the objectionable words must
be reduced to writing.
Mr. MERCER declined reducing the words to
writing, and withdrew the call to order.
Mr. ADAMS resumed He would endeavor,
as far as was in his ability, to avoid any collision,
not only with the letter, but with the spirit of the
roles, to which the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Mercer] had appealed, and would, therefore,
transfer the location of the place where these i
things had happened from the Senate of the I
United States to the office of the National Intelli-
gencer; and would ask the gentleman if he had
any objection to that'
Mr. MERCER said he objected to a quibble,
with a view of reaching another branch of Con-
gress, contrary to the rules of order.                      j
Mr. ADAMS. In the National Intelligencer,
the official printer to the Senate of the United
States, there was published a report of proceed-
ings which had taken place in a certain body; and
to that newspaper he found it charged, not only
that the statement in the message of the President
of the United States was not true, but that the
failure of that bill was not caused by the Senate
of the United States, that it did not fail there, but
that it failed in another House. Where was that'
"Was it this House' No, sir; that House exists no
longer. But it was in this Hall; and the House
which is now here consists, in a great measure, of
the identical individuals who composed thatHouse.
One hundred and forty members of that House
are also members oC this House. And in that
•ame National Intelligencer he found the charge,
not only that the failure of that bill was owing to
the fault of that House, but that it died there,
9
and there its bones are to be sought. He found
it also charged, that m the progress of the passage
of that bill the most violent outrages were com-
mitted on the Constitution of the United States
by the President and by the House, in conspiracy
together. It was admitted, on all hands, that the
failure of the bill was occasioned by the introduc-
tion of a section into it, appropriating three mil-
lions of dollars for the defense of the country;
and the President now tells us that the failure of
that appropriation was a subject of great incon-
venience to the people of the country. On this
subject an issue has been taken in the National
Intelligencer; and that issue involved not merely
the President of the United States, but it invoked
the House of Representatives. That was an
additional reason why he wished for a commit-
tee to inquire into the matter That reason, he
hoped, would be sufficient for every member who
felt his honor implicated to call for investigation,
and have the subject exammed, to show where
the failure of that bill was to be charged. He
had, he repeated, said that he considered it the
first duty of every branch of Government to har-
monize with the other branches of the Govern-
ment in doing the business of the people. It was
the duty of the members of the House of Repre-
sentatives to support the President of the United
States and the executive Government of the
country in every measure appropriately belonging
to his high office, and, in like manner, it was equal-
ly his duty to -support the other branches ot the
Government, and that hisduty was obligatory and
reciprocal upon the Senate and President. This he
had always considered as the first duty of every
person concerned in administering the Govern-
ment, whether of the executive or legislative de-
partments. It was a subsequent duty that each
of these powers was to be a watchman and sentinel
over the proceedings of the other. This, between
the two branches of the Legislature, was a matter
of extreme importance, and was scarcely less im-
portant in the relations between both and each of
the branches of the Legislature and the President.
The appropriation of three millions of dollars for
the defense of the country was inserted in the
general fortification bill by amendment proposed
by thegentl eman from New York, [Mr. Cambre-
leng,] in consequence of a resolution which had
passed unanimously in the House, and by which
unanimous vote the House declared that the exe-
cution of the treaty of the 4th of July, 1831, with
France, should be insisted on. It was well known
to every member of the House—and he believed
to every person out of the House—that the appro-
priation of three millions was introduced in conse-
quence of the vote on that resolution the night
before. It was well known that the resolution,
which finally passed by that vote, had been con-
tested by a debate of several days immediately
before its passage, upon grounds that such a reso-
lution would occasion war. If you look, said he,
to the Journals of the House for the resolution
which passed, and to the several resolutions pio-
posed as substitutes for it, you will see that it was
admitted with extreme reluctance by many mem-
bers of the House, that it was ardently and per-
sevenngly contested, and upon the grounds that
it would occasion a war. Under these circum-
stances, although the House were not of opinion
that it would give just cause for war, still how
was it possible for a statesman, looking to the in-
teiests of our common country, not to see that
these reasons so pressed upon the consideration
of the House, and, looking to the action of another
Government, might have that tendency. The
conduct of a foreign Government to be predicated
upon this act of our own was matter of foresight
and conjecture. There was misunderstanding
and irritation between our Government and that
of France. The members of the House who had
resisted the passage of the resolution—intelligent
and patriotic men—had urged the House against
it, and all the tender sympathies of our nature,
and all the sentiments of humanity in our bosoms,
had been appealed to, as warnings against that
resolution. The image of tear, in all its terrors
and with all its calamities, had been held up
before us to deter the House from the assertion
of the nation's rights and of the nation's honor
contained in that resolution. Conscious thit the
resolution could not give any just cause of of-
fense, the House did not believe that it would
offend or endanger the peace of the country, yet
in deference to the fears of the minority, and as
an earnest of their sincerity in the determination
to insist upon the execution of the treaty, it was
deemed fitting that the country should put itself
in an attitude of defense, to meet the worst possible
contingency, and to sustain that resolution which
they unanimously passed. These were the
grounds upon which that item was introduced on
the last day of the session. And why on the last
day> Because it was only the night before that
the unanimous vote had passed.
In all the debate in the National Intelligencer,
to which he had referred, there was no more trace
of such a resolution as having passed the House
than if it had never existed; no more trace than
could be found on the Journal of the Senate of
what they would do for the defense of the country,
or to insist upon the execution of the treaty of
July. But in that debate in the National Intelli-
gencer he found a prodigious display of eloquence
against the constitutionality of the section appro-
priating $3,000,000 for the defense of the country,
because it had not been recommended by the
Executive.
Mr. MERCERagain rose to order. He charged
that the gentleman was alluding to a debate in the
Senate.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman must
reduce the exceptional words to writing.
Mr. MERCER reduced to writing, and pro-
ceeded to read, the words which he alleged were
used by the gentleman from Massachusetts. He
did this (he remarked) with reluctance, but it
was for the purpose of preserving that comity
and harmony between the two bodies that the
gentleman had referred to, and which he, no doubt,
desired to maintain, that he had felt called upon
by a sense of duty to raise the question of order.
The words taken down by Mr. Mercer were
read at the Clerk's table, and the Speaker in-
quired of the gentleman from Massachusetts
whether he admitted their correctness.
Mr. ADAMS. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Mercer] had expressed great aversion to
quibbling.
Mr. PARKER here rose and urged that order
should be maintained, as it was impossible to
understand what was going on while the mem-
bers were standing or moving about.
Mr. MERCER said the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts might modify the language which he
had reduced to writing.
,     Mr. ADAMS proceeded to state wherein the
gentleman from Virginia had not correctly stated
the words which he had used.
¡     Mr. MERCER said the evident meaning of the
gentleman, in his opinion, authorized the terms
i which he had employed in reference to the excep-
tion he had taken.
Mr. ADAMS said, as he understood the rule,
exception must be taken to the words of a mem-
ber—not to any meaning which any gentleman
might think proper to attach to his words. He
entered into a further explanation of the terms
which he had employed.
Mr. MERCER expressed his dissatisfaction
with the explanation, and he felt bound to perse-
vere m the motion which he had made.
Mr. WISE hoped the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts would be permitted to proceed, whether
in order or out of order If ever there was a case
where membeis should be permitted to speak
frankly on both sides, in order that the truth and
the whole truth might be elicited, this was one.
After some conversation between the Speaker
and Messi s HARDIN, MERCER and ADAMb,
