132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
ereat public inconvenience. Monarchical Gov- |
frnmePnts have always guarded with.the utmost
possible care against every solution of continuity-
Their kings nc ver die. It would be a radical de-
fect in every icpubhcan Government not to be
invested with the same official immortality-the
office always fill, d, however fiermently the wdi-
v idual incumbent may I*- changed!. It was, thcre-
foi. , my opinion that the House might have tat
transacting business till noon of the 4th of March,
and dicoidmgly my name will be found and re-
coided on cveiy taking of the yeas and nays until
(he adjournment, after it was announced that the
Senate had adjourned.                                                i
Mr. A. said that was his opinion then, and he
had then expressed it to the House, but it was
not the opinion of a large number of members of
the House. The members were in the House
ready to vote, but in their opinion the time had
passed Now, whatever was doing at that time
ni the House might have been known to every
member of the Senate, if they had seen fit to make
the inquiry. It was perfectly known that after
that time no quorum of" the House could be found.
Novóte was taken. The Hoube was de facto dead.
But in that state of things, after the House was
a lifeless coipse, the following message was sent
from the Senate, which Mi. A. requested the clerk
to read:
" Rcsohed, That a message be sent to the honorable the
Hon cot Repre^f>ntatives,rr«pectfullj to remind tiic Hou«r
of the report of the committee of conference appointed on
the disagreeing votes of the two Hou eson the amendment
ot the Senate to the bill respecting the fortifications of the
United States "
Mr. A. appealed to the Speaker as one of the
oldest membeis of the House, and in his official
capacity, as the guardian and vindicator of the
honor of the House, whether in his experience in
the legislation of this country he had any recol-
lection of such a message having passed between
the House of Representatives and the Senate>—
a message lemindmg the House of their duty;
reminding the House of what they had to do;
reminding the House of the particular business
which it was their duty to take up and act upon.
He asked the oldest member in thcHouse,whether
he had any recollection of any such message hav-
ing passed between the House of Representatives
and the Senate' He asked the youngest member,
and paused for a reply. He heard none, and
under these circumstances he took upon himself
to say, that no such message was to oe found on
the Journuls of Congress since the foundation of
the Government. Here was one branch of the
Legislature turning the task-masters of the other.
We read in Holy vVnt of a judge of Isiael who
undertook to teach the men of Succoth; and it
was by scourging them with the briers of the
wilderness. Since the days of Abnnelech there
has been no such teaching as this by the Senate
to the House of Representatives of the United
States.
He dwelt on this subject, because, if there was
to be any such thing as harmony between the two
Houses in the discharge of then duty to the peo-
ple of the country, he hoped that that message
would stand as a solitary monument and warning
never to be repeated. He hoped that such a mes-
sage would never go from the House to the Sen-
ate. He hoped the House would always be
courteous enough to suppose that the Senate of
the United States knew what was their duty, and
would discharge it accordingly.
Mr. A. said that no such < xample exi&ted on
the Journals of the House of Repre sentatives, but
he was aware that there had been instances of
the kind in the Parliament of Gieat Britain, and
they were referred to in Mr Jeffei son's Manual,
as iollows: " When a bill is suit by one House
' to the other, and is veglectid, they may send
•a inessige to remind them of it. But if it be
' mere inattention, it is better to have it done
'informally, by communications between the
' Speakers or membeis of the two Houses."
Fiom this, it would be seen that the only cases
given in the Manual were where the House had
neglected to act on a bill; he had consulted all the
cases in Ilatzell and Gray, and others referred to
by Air. Jeilei son in his Manual; and he found that
the last instance adduced of that kind, even ai
the Dntish Pailiament, was in 1721, one hundred
and fifty yews ago; and in all the cases s<-veral!v
referred to such messages never were sent, unless
there was a violent misunderstanding between the
two Houses, and when the neglect of the bill was
extremely injurious.  Such was the nature of the
message which he hoped never would be repeated
in the intercourse between the tw o Houses of Con-
gress.   But to complete the true character of that
message, he must inquire at what time it was sent>
Itwas sent at two o'clock in the morning; it was
sent at a time when it was known, both in the
House and the Senate, that no quorum was to be
found. When that message was delivered, hemust
confess, if ever a feeling of shame and indignation
had filled his bosom, it was at that moment.  He
felt it as an insult to the immediate representatives
of the people; and if it had been sent at a moment
when the House yet existed, with the power to
resent unprovoked insult, he verily believed that,
imitating the example of our Congress in a some-
what ¡similar case during the revolutionary war,
he should have moved that a message be sent by
twomembers of the House to cast the Senate mes-
sage on their floor, and tell them that it was not
the custom of the House to receive insolent mes-
sages.    It was, pcihaps, well that he had no op-
portunity to give vent to those feelings.   What
were the feelings of the other members, it was not
for him to say; and he did not know that he had
ever communicated his own to any member of the
House; for he saw that the insult was committed on
a dead body—another Achilles dragging around
the walls of Troy his piostrate and lifeless foe '
It was said, sir, that there had been thrilling and
unexampled eloquence of indignation at this con-
spiracy of man-worship, servility, and corrup
tion, displayed by the House of Representatives,
in that appropriation of #3,000,000 for the con-
tingent necessary defense of the country from
foreign aggression; but I trust I have  already
shown to the satisfaction of this House that all
that eloquence was gratuitous, and all that indig-
nation wastefully squandered away, some small
portion of which might have been profitably ex-
pended upon the foreign treaty-breakers, under
whose injustice our own country was smarting.
This indignation and the temper with which it
was manifested by these repeated insults to the
House did strike me as so extraordinary, and I
must add, soumeasonable, that it was impossible
to avoid the inquiry wheie the real sting of that
$3,000,000 appropriation did lay, and what it was
that had excited this tempest of passion against
it,  and I thought the true mottvc was discern-
ible in that unanimous vote of two hundred and
seventeen ayes in the House, demanding that the
execution of the   treaty should   be  insisted on.
That vote, howevei ovei looked then or now, had
been neither unseen nor unfelt.    It was not only
a departure from the do-nothing policy of the
Senate, but might be felt to contain a pungent
though tacit íebuke upon that paralytic policy.
The $3,000,000 appropriation was the complement
and efficient cneigy of the unanimous vote of the
preceding day.    That vote was exclusively the
act of the House.    The appiopnation required
the concuning vote of the Senate, and that vote
would have made the Senate the unwilling acces-
saiy to implied censuio upon its own quietism
undei  foreign  wrong.    The vote of the House
could not be nullified, but its efficient operation
might bo unnerved  by the refusal of the appro-
priation, and so the bloodless ghosts of executive
dictation  and  man-worship and   senility wcie
conpired up; and  the overbeiring arrogance of
votes to adhere, and  messages to remind, were
substituted for the deficiency of better reasons
for refusing the appiopnation.
Great hoiror was manil'i sted at the conspir-
acy and man-woiship of appropriating these
$3,000,000, and that vv as the source of the triumph-
ant message to remind. Pcihaps, strictly speak-
ing, the bill containing that appropriation did fail
in the House; but, if it did fail at all, it failed
before the appointment of the committee of con-
ference. Its death-blow was the senatorial vote to
adhere. It faded because it did please the Senate,
in their wisdom and patriotism, to strike out that
appropriation, and to cast away the whole fortifi-
cation bill to exclude that single item. Between
that day and the present we have all had time to
sutfei our feelings to cool dow n. He had submit-
ted in silence to the had temper manifested on the
part of the Senate. That bad temper was mani-
fested not only to the President, but to the House
of Representatives. If it had not been now re-
newed with redoubled vigor, and by the tran-
scendant ability which belonged to those who lead
the Senate, he would have remained silent for the
sake of peace and harmony but now , under such
charges, enforced with all the arguments which
nine or ten months of meditation could bring to
minds of the highest order—when such charges
went forth to the nation, accusing the House of
Representatives of an unconstitutional conspiracy
with the President on that bill—he could no longer
remain silent. He therefore moved the resolu-
tion, so that the House might not trust entirely
to the statement of facts which he had submitted
to them; but that the committee might inquire
and report to the House what were the true causes
and circumstances which produced the failure of
the bill.
Air. WISE. Mr. Speaker, I have not much to
say; but what I have to say are principally facts,
and I shall be confined to facts. I did not expect,
sir, that this discussion upon this very impoi tant
matter would come up to-day. I was in the midst
of preparation for this discussion on another oc-
casion, and, if I should not be so well prepared
or as well arranged in my facts as I could wish,
I hope the House will pardon me. I will endeavor
to have the whole case, at all events, in print.
Mr. Speaker, this is an important question.
The fate of the presidential canvass is in part
made to depend upon it. It has been discussed
during the last summer in all the public prints in
the country. It has been discussed elsewhere
since the meeting of Congress, and the discussion
has commenced here; and, permit me to say, sir,
the discussion thus far has been conducted blind-
fold. I say, sir, the true issue of the failure of
the fortification bill is not between the Senate of
the United States and the House of Representa-
tives; that, sir, is not the issue. I say it, and
I will prove it from this Journal, and fiom facts
in addition to this Journal, that neither the Sen-
ate nor the House is responsible for the failure
of that bill. The gentleman must pardon me, but,
as Nathan said unto David, (pointing to Mr. Cam-
breleng,) " Thou art the man\"
Mr. Speaker, I feel no excitement when I make
this charge. I feel, sir, no personal ill-wtll to-
wards the gentleman from New York wl.en I
make this charge. I must say that that gentle-
man has ever been courteous and even kind to-
, wards me, and my feehngs towards him are
certainly of the same description. Sir, I respect
him. But the question is up, and hcie isthe
place to discuss it; and here it may be fairly
made known that he was one of the committee
of conference on the part of this House on that
memorable occasion, and another member of that
same committee is now in another body. From
both ends of this Capitol let the truth, the whole
truth, and nothing but the truth, go out to the
country. Let us tell it as gentlemen". I shall give
this gentleman a fair opportunity naw to try and
tell it. I shall charge him in part—ay, sir, almost
in whole—with being responsible for the failure
of that bill. I have charges, too, Mr. Speaker,
to make against others; and when the gentleman
from North Carolina [Air. Bvnum] the other day
was so particular as to throw stumbling-blocks
in the way of those who should be inclined to
forestall the truth, he tendered the issue. Hold-
ing them to the facts, here they are:
On Tuesday, the 3d of March, 1835, the three
million amendment to the bill No. 600, entitled
" An act making appropriations for certain forti-
fications," was concurred in—see Journal, page
509; one hundred and eighty-six members present,
and the vote being yeas 109, nays 77. I beg gentle-
men to note the number of members then present
and voting when this amendment was offered,
was one hundred and eighty-six. The Senate
disagreed to this amendment, and the House re-
fused to recede, by a vote of yeas 87, nays 110—
one hundred and ninety-seven members being
then present and voting. On motion by Mr. Cam-
breleng, (I use the gentleman's name as a mem*
ber of the last Congress, which, I presume, is in
order,) the House insisted on its amendment, and
the Senate was made acquainted therewith. The
Senate then returned a message that they adhered
