1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
it until Saturday next.    His objeetwaa to enable
members to present petitions.
Alter a few remaiks by Mr. HARDIN,
Mr WHITTLESEY moved to amend the
motion by substituting Monday next for Satur-
da\.
Mr HARPER was opposed toa postponement.
He was prepared to vote upon the appeal at this
time.
Mr REED suggested that the subject should
be postponed until Tuesday week.
Mr. WHITTLESEY accepted the suggestion
as a modification of his motion.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then modified his mo-
tion so as to postpone the appeal,«fee., until Tues-
day week.
Mr. MILLER thought the sooner the question
upon the appeal was decided the better; he, there-
fore moved the previous question, the effect of
which, he understood, would be a direct vote upon
the appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The previous question was seconded—85 to 73.
Mr. MERCER asked for the yeas and nays on
ordering the main question to be put, which were
refused, and the House decided that the question
should be put without a count.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House'" was de-
cided in the affirmative by yeas and nays, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Ash, Banks, Barton, Beale,
Beau, Bockee, Boon, Bovee, Boyd, Bunch, Bynum, John
Calnoon, \\ ¿Jiam B Calhoun, Cambreleng, Campbell, Carr,
Carter, Casev, Chane\, Chapman, Chapín, Nathaniel H
Claiborne, John F II Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee, Coles,
Connor, Corwin, Cramer, Cushman, Darlington, Davis,
Deberry, Dtckerson, Dromgoole, Fairfield, Farlin, Forester,
Fowler, French, Fry, William K Fuller, Galbraith, James
Garland, Rice Garland, Gillet, Glascock, GrantlanS, Griffin,
Halev, Hamer, Hammond, Harlan, Samuel S Harrison,
Albert G Harrison, Hawes, Haw kins, Haynes, Henderson,
Heister, Holsey, Hopkins, Howard, Hubley, Huntington,
Huntsman, Ingersoll, Ingham, Jabez Jack-on, Joseph John
son, Richard M Johnson, Cave Johnson, Henry Johnson,
John W Jones, Benjamin Jones, Judson, Kennon, Kilgore,
Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Lawler, Joshua Lee, Luke Lea,
Leonard, Logan, Love, Loyall, Abijah Mann, Job Mann,
Manning, Martin, John Y Mason, William Mason, Mo es
Mason, Maury, Mav, McCoinas, McKay, McKeon, McKim,
McLene, Miller, Montgomery, Morgan, Morns, Muhlen-
berg, Owens, Page, Parks, Patterson, Dutee J. Pearce,
Jame  A Pearce, Pettigrew, Phelps, Pinckney, John Rey-
nolds, Joseph Reynolds, Riplev, Roane, Rogers, Seymour,
Shield-, Shinn, Smith, fcpanglcr, Standifer, Storer, Taylor,
Thomas, John Thomson, Waddy Thompson, Toucey,
Town , Turnll, Underwood, Wagener, Ward, Wardwell,
Weeks, White, W hittlesey, and Lewis Williams—142
NAYS —Me-srs  Adams, Chilton Allan, Ileman Allen,
Bell, Bond, Bngg-, Brown, George Chambers, John Cham
bera, Child , Clark, Craig, Denny, Evans, Everett, Philo C
Fuller, Granger, Grave , Grayson, Grennell, Hiland Hall,
Hannegan, Hard, Hardin, Harper, Hazelnne, Hoar, Howell,
Hunt, William Jack-on, Jane, Laporte, Lawrence, Liy,
Lincoln, Lucas, Simpson Ma=on, McCarty, McKennon, I
Mercer, Moore, Parker, Franklin Pierce, Peyton, Phillips,
Reed, Rencher, Robertson, Russell, Schenck, William B. |
Shephard, \ugustine H   Shepperd, Slade, Sloan, Steele, I
Taliaferro, \ anderpoel, \ inton, and Sherrod Williams—59
Mr. ADAMS said, he was glad the question had .,
been at lasttlecided. By the decision, every mem- j
ber of the House having a petition to present 19 |
authorized to debate, as long as he shall  think 1
proper, the question of reception, whether on sla-
very or any other subject.    He had heretofoie
endeavored to keep a discussion of the question
out of the House, and should not now take up
the time of the House longer than to state the
reasons why he had moved the reference of the   I
petition to a select commitee.   Mr. A. said, his
special reason was that the petition just pre-
sented came from his own immediate constituents.
Heretofore, until the present session, he  had 1
never received but one single petition from his
own immediate constituents, and that one signed
by but very few, because it was well known, from
the time that he presented the fifteen petitions
from citizens of the commonwealth of  Pennsyl-
vania, that he should not support the prayer of
such petition.    But since the commencement of
the present Congress he had received one or two
petitions from his own constituents, and the one
which he had offered to the House was indorsed__
" The within petition of the ladies of Marshfield,
Massachusetts, is committed to the hands of
Johv GIuincy Adams, with a request that he shall
Íiresent it, and further its object." Mr. A. said,
íe was requested to pi esent it, and from a por-
tion of his constituents for whom every defer-
ence was due—he meant from ladies.  It was sent
to him, not only with a request that he should
present it to the House, but that he should fur- j
ther its object. He wished the petition received
and referred to a select committee; but if referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia
he would be satisfied But he wished it referred
to a committee which would make a report that
■would satisfy the petitioners that their prayer
ought not to be granted. He begged of those who
could command a majority in the House, and
who were unwilling as he was to make the aboli-
tion question a stumbling block, to take a course
which would treat the petitions with respect; to
examine and present with the utmost force the
reasons which would justify the House in not
granting the prayer of the petitioners.
He believed that to be the best course to effect
the desired object. He believed it to be the true
course to let error be tolerated, to grant freedom
of speech, and freedom of the press, and apply
reason to put it down. He had no sort of doubt
but that a committee of the House could furnish
reasons why the prayer of these petitions should
not be granted, which would satisfy every rea-
sonable and humane individual 111 the country.
He begged the majority of the House, North and
South, to consider whether it was not most just
and likely to soothe and compose the feelings of the
people of the country. It appeared to him, that
would be the proper course, and that it would be
an easy matter to show why the prayer of the
petitioneis should not be granted.
The Speaker of the House had the appoint-
ment of the committees of the House, and he
came from that portion of the country which was
most deeply interested against the prayer of the
petitioners, and he must be permitted to say,
that portion which must be of one opinion, and
cannot, dare not, express any other opinion.
The Speaker had already appointed the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, the chairman of
which, and a majority of the members, were also
from that portion of the Union If the Speaker
of the House appoints a special committee, he
will appoint such committee as he shall think
best suited to give sound and solid reasons for
the refusal of the House to grant the prayer of
the petitioners. That would leave the right of
petition unimpaired, and still secured to the
House. No Abolitionists, nor any person fa-
vorable to the views of the petitioners, could
flead that this destroyed the right of petition
le hoped, for the peace and harmony of the com- |
munity, and for the peace and harmony of the
House, that the petition might be received. He 1
hoped that the sacred right of petition would
remain unimpaired, and that nothing appearing 1
to conflict with that right would be the course of
the House. These were the reasons why he I
moved that the petition be received.
Mr. MILLER concurred very fully in the views
expressed by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
When petitions of this character were first pre-
sented, he was of opinion that there were two
modes in which-they might be disposed of. The
first was to lay them on the table without debate,
and if this course was not deemed advisable by
a majority of the House, then that they should be
referred. If the present course was persevered
in, it would preclude the presentation of every
other petition during the day set apart for the
presentation of petitions. Besides, resolutions
were pending involving the whole subject Under
this view, and to enable other gentlemen to pre-
sent their petitions, he moved to lay the prelimi-
nary question of the reception of the petition on
the table.
Mr. McKENNAN asked for the yeas and
nays; which were not ordeied.
The motion to lay the preliminary question on
the table was agreed to.
Mr Jenifer, of Maryland, attended and was
qualified.
Mr. ADAMS presented a petition from one
hundred and sixty or one hundred and seventy
citizens of western Pennsylvania, praying the
abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the
District of Columbia; which he moved be received.
Mr. GLASCOCK said he had hoped that gen-
tlemen would have paused before they proceeded
to introduce other petitions of the same character,
particularly after the vote which had just been
taken, and also when it was known that a similar
petition had been made the order of the day for
Saturday next, and that the resolutions embracing
the whole subject-matter were in the possession
of the House, and would soon be finally acted
on. To press these petitions now under circum-
stances like these seemed to him to be intended
to produce excitement, and wound the feelings of
the southern members.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
it was not in order to impugn the motives of any
member of the House.
Mr. GLASCOCK said his remark was a gen-
eral one.
Mr. HARDIN rose to a question of order. He
understood the gentleman to present a petition
from citizens of the State of Pennsylvania, and
as the rule required the States to be called in
their order, he did not think the gentleman from
Massachusetts was in order. If this principle
were carried out, Mr. H. could hand all his
papers to a member from Maine, and thus get a
preference.
The CHAIR said the rule was not limited to
petitions and memorials from the State from which
the member presenting them came. Every mem-
ber had a right to present the petition of any cit-
izen from another State.
Mr. GLASCOCK again appealed to gentlemen
chaiged with these petitions to withhold them,at
least for the present, and to wait the result of the
resolutions he had just referred to, and then
took a view of the constitutional question of the
right of petition, and proceeded to show that not
to leceive a petition was no violation of the Con-
stitution, and did not abudge or encroach wpon
the right of petition, as contended by gentlemen,
under the amended Constitution. A continuation
of his remarks hereafter.
Mr. MILLER said he would make one more
effort to arrest the debate at this time. He moved
to lay the preliminary question on the table.
Mr. GRANGER asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Ash, AsMey, Barton,
Beale, Bean, Bockee, Bond, Bovee, Boyd, Brown, Bunch,
Bynum, Cambreleng. Campbell, Carr, Casey, Chancy,
Chapman, Chapín, Nathaniel H  Claiborne, John F   II.
I Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee, Coles, Conner, Craig, Cramer,
Crine, Cushman, Davis, Deberry, Dickerson, Dromgoole,
Effner, Fairfield, Farlin, French, Fry, William K Fuller,
Galbraith, James Garland, Rice Garland, Gillet, Glascock,
Grant! ind, Gray on, Griffin, Haley, Hamer, Hammond,
Hannegan, Hardin,SamuelS Harnson, AlbertG Harrison,
Ha\vc=, Hawkins, Haynes, Holsey, Hopkins, Howard,
Hubley, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingersoll, Ingham, Jabez
Jackson, Jenifer, Josepn Johnson, Richard M Johnson,
Cave Jotm on, Henry John on, John W Jones, Benjamin
Jones, Judson, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, L iporte, Lawler,
Gideon Lee, Leonard,Logan, Lovall, Lucas, Lyon, Abyah
Mann, Job Mann, Manning, Martin, John Y Mason,
William Mason, Moses Mason, Sampson Mason, Maurv,
Maj, MeCarn, McComas, McKaj, McKeon, McKim, Mc
Lene, Mercer, Miller, Milligan, Montgomery, Morgan,
Owens, Page, Parks, Patterson, Franklin Pierce, Pettigrew,
Phelps Pinckney, Rencher, John Reynolds, Joseph Rey
nolds, Ripley, Roane, Robertson, Roger , Shenck, Seymour,
William B Shepard, Augustine H Shepperd, Shields,
Slunn, Smith, Spongier, Standefer, Storcr, Sutherland,
Taliaferro, Tajlor, John Thompson, Toucey, Towns, Tur
rill, Underwood, Vanderpoel, Wagener, Ward, Wardwell,
Washington, Webster, Weeks, White, Lewis Williams,
and Sherrod Williams—143
I NAYS—Messrs Adams, Heman Allen, Banks, Borden,
Bnggs, William B Calhoun, George Chambers, John
Chambers, Chdds, Clark, Corwin, Cushing, Darlington,
Denny, Evan , Everett, Fowler, Pililo C Fuller, Granger,
Grennell, Hiland Hall, Hard, Harper, Hazeltme, Heister,
I Hoar, Howell, William Jackson, Janes, Kilgore, Lawrence,
Lay, Lincoln, McKennan, Morris, Parker, Dutec J. Pearce,
Pejton, Phillips, Reed, Russell, Sprague, and Whittlesey
—44.
So the preliminary question was laid on the
1   table.
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition of four
hundred citizens of Indiana and Westmoreland
counties, State of Pennsylvania, praying the abo-
lition of slavery and the slave trade in the District
of Columbia.    The petitioners were unknown to
him, and the motives which had induced them to
request him to present then petitions he knew
not.    He had from time to time stated that he was
opposed to the prayer of similar petitions.    He
was also unacquainted with any of the persons
I whose names appeared upon the petition which
I he this day presented fiom his own district.    He
had no agency in procuring either of the petitions
to be sent to him.    It was perhaps done in conse-
I quence of his declaration that he would present
