1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
as to the examination of the memorial by a com-
mittee , nor to the admission of Michigan into the
U i on 1 ni ir objection! , as he understood them,
were, that by reccrwng this petition it would be
admitting that Michigan was a State, and that
she had a Legislature as such Now he (Mr E )
did not admit that Michigan was a State and had
a Legislature. He knew very well that every
cit.zm oí the United States and every State of the
Union had a right to memorahze Congress and to
be heard, but the question was, was Michigan a
State > If there be not such a State, (said Mr.
E ,) then we cannot accept the memorial in its
present shape. We concede the point that she
is a State (continued Mi. E ) if we accept this
niemonal,purporting as it does to come ftom the
Legislature of the State of Michigan.
Mr. TIPTON observed that the constitution
submitted bv the people of Michigan had been
sent, as the Senator from Alabama observed, to a
select committee. To that he had uo objection.
It was well known that for two years he had
been advocating the rights of that people, and
when they brought themselves before Congiess
in a constitutional form, he would readily agite
to admit them into the Union. This, however,
thty had not done. If it was possible to admit
them w ithout doing injustice to the other States
whose Loundanes they had attempted to over-
step, he would be the first to do it, but what did
the document before them declaie' It was not
the constitution of Michigan, nor coming from
the people of that Territory, but it purported to
be a nitraorial coming from the Legislature of
tht State of M'chigan. There was no such pol-
itical body as that assumed in the memorial, and
he and his colleague were not willing to admit
there «as lit did not wish to reject the memo-
nal. He was contented with the motion of his
colleague to lay it on the table, and on that ques-
tion, he would ask the yeas and navs.
The \eas and nays were accordingly ordered.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, referred to the course
taken with a similai memorial from Michigan in
the House of Representatives, and hoped the
S^natc-s from Indiana would consent to let this
memorial take the same course. A motion was
made in the House of Representatives (he said)
to rijcct the memorial, and the motion was not
sustained. A motion was then made to reject it
and lefer it to a committee, declaring, at the same
turn , that the paper was not received as the
memorial of the L^g.shture of a State, but as the
memonal of individuals.
Mr CLAYTON observ ed, that by general con-
sent, the motion to lay the memorial on the table
might be w ithdrav  n, and he hoped the Senators
from Indiana would consent to that couise, and
let the memorial take the same direction that had
been given to the one in the other House. He
did rot perceive that anything could be gained by
the opposeis of the admission of Michigan by
refusing to íefer their memonal. The Senator
from Indiana pioposcd to leceive the documint
and then lay it on the table, for it would be as
much recen cd by laying it on the table as by
referring it to a committee. The couise taken
by the other House did not commit them as to
Michigan being a State. They resolved that they
would hear the memorial as they would hear the
memorial of puvate individuals If the Senate
should adopt this course, it appeared to him that
it would be more calculated to satisfy the people
of Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan, than by íefusing
to receive the memorial. It would certainly be the
most unexceptionable course to refer the memo-
rial, with the qualification made in the other
House, and a íefeience to the select committee,
who already had the subject before them, was pre-
ferable to a reference to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS then withdrew his motion
to lay the memorial on the table, with the general
consent of the Senators, as the yeas and nays had
been ordered, and submitted a motion in the fol-
lowing foim
Ordered, That the memonal purporting to be from the
Senate anu Hou=é of ÍUpBesentatives of the State of Mich
Jgiii, be referred to the select committee, appointed on the
22d December, in relation to the admission ot Michigan into
the tTmon , and thnt the Senate regard the same in no other
iglit than as the voluntary act of individual 
Mr. D4.VIS was in favorof giving the petition
> the usual direction. A petition from a man rep-
resenting himself to be aship-owner did not prove
him to be a ship-owner, noi did the petition of a
manufacturer representing lumsi If as such prove
him to be one,and we aie not bound to íecognize
their character. Now these persons represent
themselves tobe, I suppose,a political body. As
a matter of principle, when a petition came here
in respectful terms, it ought to be treated in a
respectful manner He would be satisfied to
consider the petition as containing a faithful de-
scription of themselves, and was disposed to let it
take the oidinary course.
Mr. NILCS said, that aside from matters of
form, he was disposed to íegaid the petition as
coming from the people of Michigan, claiming
political rights of the highest magnitude, and he
could not refuse to hear them, and least of all a
memorial coming from a whole people claiming
admission into the Fcdiral Union Have they
(said Mr. N.) not aught to select tin ir own mode
of application' They dime here not asking a mat-
ter of favor, but a matter of i iglit Had they not
a right to select their own committee to represent
those rights > For his part, he was dispobed to
heai them. If there evei was a people who claimed
rights of a high chaiacter, it was those who had
political rights and were not represented. He
regretted to see a disposition manifested to shut
out the inquiry, and to prevent themfiom being
heaid.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, said he would assure
the Senator fiom Connecticut that there had been
no attempt made there to shut this people out
from a hearing. There were wavs enough of
presenting this communication to Congress, with-
out the petitioners presenting themselves as the
Legislature of a State. His objection was to the
form in which the memorial came, and not to
giving the people of Michigan a hearing. Gen-
tlemen, therefore, weie mistaken and misstated
them m saying that they were opposed to giving
the people of Michigan an opportunity of being
heard. The true question before the Senate was,
whether this memorial came from a State—
whether the Senate could address Michigan as a
State, and receive communications fiom her as
such > The gentleman from Alassachusetts [Mr.
Dai is] had compared this memorial to one com-
ing from a person declaring himsrlf to be a man-
] ufacturer or smp-ownei, &,c, and contended that
Congress, having no right to inquire into the
occupation of individuals, but bound to receive
petitions coming from them, ought not to reject
them merely because they did not give a tiue
description of themselves This was vny true
as regarded individuáis, we do not inquire (said
Mr. E ) what is the occupation of the petitioner,
but whether he is a citizen of the United States,
' for he presumid the gentleman would not receive
i a petition fiom the Emperor of Japan oi the
Governoi of Upper or Lower Canada It was,
however, absolutely necessai/, when a com-
munication came fiom an association of people
styling themselves the Lcgiblauii" of a State,
that then designation should b a ti ur one, ot iei-
wise they could not proofny be heard Now,
the people of Michigan had an undoubted light
to petition Congress, but could they delegate this
right to a body called a Legislature ' They could
not do it without the authonty of Congiess, and
if (said Mr. E ) we receive this petition from
them, we admit, in some measure, (he did not
say it would be an absolute measure,) that Mich-
igan was a State. He was content with the
course puisutd by the House of Representatives,
and hoped that it might be followed in the
Senate.
Mr. TIPTON conceived the section of country
he represented was intended to be affected by
this application. He could perceive that honor-
able Senators, who were not immediately con-
cerned in this question, had not examined the
I case in all its bearings, and he would ask them
seriously so to examine it     Mr. T. would  íefer
| them to the third section of the fourth article of
the Constitution, which had reference to the
terms of admission of new States. The people
of Michigan had informed them that they had
formed a State Government, and that two persons
had been elected as Senators to represent them in
the Senate of the United States, who were here,
and claimed seats as such. By the decision of
the Senate, seats were not granted to them. His
colleague and himself could do no act that, by
any possibility, might be constiued into a recog-
nition of Michigan as a State The people of
Michigan claimed many miles of the territory
of the State he represented; and until that claim
was adjusted, the boundaries could not be defined,
so as to entitle her to be admitted into the Union.
All the rights of the people of Michigan would
come up fanly before the committee to whom the
subject was refened, and he had no objection to
the petition being received, and referred to that
committee, who would then have the whole sub-
ject before them, piovuled it was referred in the
manm r proposed by his colleague—as a memo-
rial coming from the people of Michigan, and not
as coming from her Legislature as a State. He
denied the possibility of the existence of that
body [the Legislature] as apolitical body, and it
could not become such until, by their acts, they
brought themselves within the provisions of the
Constitution and laws of the United States, which
they had not done.
Mr PORTER intended to vote for the propo-
sition of the Senator from Ind'ana, but some re-
marks had been made by the Senator from Con-
necticut, to which he would reply The gentleman
was opposed to the qualification in the motion of
the Senator from Indiana, because the right of
petition might be infringed by it Now, he did
not understand any such thing. The refeience, in
the manner proposed, did not preclude the peti-
tioners from being heard, but simply declared that
the Senate was not yet prepared to decide that
Michigan was a State. He was not one of those
who thought that petitions could be received there
about anything and everything. He thought
they ought to be about such things as Congress
could act on, and from some known person or
corpoiate body, before they could properlyjje
received. He did not wish to waste time on mat-
ters that seemed to be of trifling import, but it did
appear to him that the receiving a petition from
Michigan as a State would be an admission of
the fact that she was what she called herself. He
did not intend to interfere with the controversy
between Michigan and the States of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois, as to boundary, but it seemed to him
that no Territory could come before them as a
State until the consent of Congress had been given
to her admission into the Union. He assuicd
bis honorable fuend from Connecticut, [Mr
Niles,] that he was ready to give the most dehb-
eiate attention to the affairs of Michigan, and to
decide upon them according to the best of his
judgment The number of inhabitants in that
Tei ntory and the adjoining States would make no
difference with him, nor prevent him from decid-
ing impartially between them.
Mr CALHOUN regaided the political exist-
enci of Mielngan as a State as a nonentity. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Davis] had
¡>aid that we were not bound to recognize a peti-
tionees a manufacturer because he called himself
one in the petition. That case did not apply to
a corporate body, and especially to a political
body. The petition must or must not be received.
The position it assumed was strongly illustrative
of the position some gentlemen had assumed on
this floor. To receive this petition would amount
to a recognition of Michigan as a State, and he
could therefore not agree to receive it.
Mr. CLAYTON, in reply to Mr. Calhoun,
said, he hoped the Senator from Indiana would
net vary his motion. It appeared to him that the
course now proposed was the very one to prevent
all dissatisfaction on either side. By refemng the
subject to a select committee, with the qualifica-
tion pioposed, we do not (said he) commit our-
selves at all as to whether Michigan is or is not
a State. We send the memorial (said he) to the
committee, to inquiie into the fact. Besides, in
the very language of the order contemplated in
the motion, it was provided that the Senate re-
ceived this document from a particular section of
the country, as a memoi íal coming from the people
of that Territory, and not as a memorial trom a
State. How, then, could it be contended, that
by receiving and referring the memorial the
Senate would be committed as to Michigan s
being a State >   To decide at once that this was
