142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 26,
mittee on Foreign Relations, that no further legis-
lation in regard to our affairs with France was
necessary, a distinguished member [Mr. Adams]
moved that, if compatible with the interest of the
Government, the negotiation be continued. 1 hat
very resolution was, on motion by the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations, laid
on the table, which was giving up all idea of con-
tingent preparations for war. The Senate said no
further legislation was necessary, and the House,
that the treaty must be maintained, and that no
preparations were necessary. There was, there-
fore, no difference between the House and Sen-
ate. The view he had taken was confirmed by
the debates of the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations. [Here Mr. S. quoted passages
from the speech of Mr. Cambrelenc] On the
24th of February it was explicitly declared in
official documents, that there was no danger of
a war. [Here Mr. S. gave way to a motion to
adjourn.]
January 26.—Mr. SOUTHARD proceeded.
When the Senate adjourned yesterday, he was
endeavoring to exhibit his understanding of the
progress of the fortification bill. Mr. S. went
minutely into a detailed account of the circum-
stances connected with the fortification bill, and
also the diplomatic bill.
The House of Representatives had refused to
recede from their amendment, and the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations hoped
the House would not recede, and said that the
Senate had chosen to take the responsibility, and
to let them have it; he would take no part in it.
If the House had asked for a committee of con-
ference, that bill might have been saved. The
motion of the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations operated as a defeat of the bill.
A question was raised, whether a motion to re-
cede, or a motion to adhere had precedence; the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
insisting on the motion to adhere. The Senator
from Massachusetts, then a member of the House,
[Mr. Hubbard,] moved a conference, which was
unsuccessful. The Senator had a perfect parli-
amentary right, when the committee of confer-
ence came in, to refuse, inasmuch as the House
had voted to adhere. In support of this position,
Mr. S. referred to the proceedings of Congress on
the judiciary bill in 1825-*26. In that case, the
Senate even refused a conference; and at the last
session, if the Senate had desired, they could have
defeated the fortification bill in the same way;
but by waiving its adherence, and granting a con-
ference, the Senate showed its disposition not to
defeat the bill. The result of the conference was
reported to the Senate with the consent of the
Senator from New York, who was on the confer-
ence, and it would have been confirmed by the
Senate if the House had permitted it. The Sen-
ate were prepared to vote for the bill embracing
appropriations amounting to fl ,667,000; but it
had assumed a specific form, and the moment it
assumed that form, every effort was made to de-
feat it in the House of Representatives. If, in
consequence of the failure of this bill, our cities
should be sacked, and our Navy suffer, the Sen-
ate was innocent, or the records were false. Mr. S.
adverted to various circumstances to show at what
hour the conference took place, and said that no
member of that conference objected to it, on ac-
count of the hour.
The Senate had sent a message to remind the
House of the report of the committee of con-
ference.   For their right to do so, he referred to
Jefferson's Manual. They had done it; and there
was the record of it, which could not be expunged.
The language of Mr. Parker.oí the House, was.
"How can we pretend to say we have concluded
the business without passing the fortification bill?
Can we leave this bill when there is an apprehen-
sion of war.'"   And (said Mr. S.) he ought to
have added, "Shall we charge the failure on the
Senate, and have the President make the accusa-
tion?"   There was not one recorded vote of any
opponent of the Administration in the House of
Representatives against the bill.   It was said the
President would not have signed it.    His con-
stitutional term had notexpired. The matteris ex-
plained (said Mr. S.) in a memorandum on your
table, granting him a discretionary power which
would have been a substitute for the three million
appropriation. Jefferson,Madison, or Monroe,
found no difficulty in signing bills after twelve
o'clock at night; and Washington had signed
them at two o'clock in the morning, in hiswrap-
Eer and slippers, after being waked up out of his
ed; and there was no difficulty in getting bills
signed after twelve o'clock until this "second
Washington" had raised the objection. The
President had thought it his duty to come into the
halls of legislation and make an accusation; but
the firm and fearless check of the Senate could be
applied to the simple machine of executive power.
Mr. S. closed his remarks by giving vent to some
expressions of his own patriotic feelings.
Mr. SOUTHARD having concluded, a few
remarks were made by Mr. LEIGH and Mr.
HUBBARD, when
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the Senate went
into the consideration of executive business;
After which the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jamuiry 26, 1836.
Mr. HARDIN moved to suspend the rules in
order to enable members to present petitions.
The motion was negatived—ayes 97, noes 62;
two thirds being necessary.
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill extending
the provisions of the act supplementary to the act
to provide for certain soldiers of the revolutionary
war; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. CRAIG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of Captain Thomas Cook,
deceased; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, from the Committee ¡
on Foreign Affairs, reported a bill for the relief
of John Randolph Clay; which was read twice j
and committeed.                                                   ¡
Unfavorable reports upon petitions were made '
by Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee
on Claims, and Mr. HOWARD, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs; which were laid on
the table.                                                               j
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Manu-
factures, reported the following resolution; which
was agreed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, authorized to make sale of the plates engraved
for the treatise of the growth and manufacture of silk by
Dr. James Mease, under a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of 11th May, 1828, being document No. 158 of
the first session of the Twentieth Congress, and to deposit
the proceeds of the sale in the Treasury of the United
States.
THE APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That from and after Tuesday, the 2d day of
February, the several bills making appropriations for the
support of Government, the naval and military service, for-
tifications, and the Indian Department, at the hour of one
o'clock each day, except on Fridays and Saturdays, shall
take precedence in the order of business, and shall be con-
sidered until the same shall have passed the House.
Mr. HARDIN rose to a point of order.   He
contended that it was incompetent for the Com-
'■ mittee on Foreign Affairs to present this resolu-
; tion, inasmuch as it transcended their jurisdiction
1 and changed the rules of the House.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, briefly explained,
when
The SPEAKER decided that the resolution
was in order, but that it must receive the appro-
bation of two thirds of the House, as it proposed
to give a precedence to certain business.
Mr. BELL opposed the resolution, and it was
advocated by Messrs. SUTHERLAND, PAT-
TON, MASON of Virginia, CAMBRELENG,
WADDY THOMPSON, and HOWARD.
Mr. HOWARD moved the previous question,
but withdrew the motion.
The resolution was further opposed bv Mr
HARDIN, when                        "^         '
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved the previous
question, which was seconded—ayes 113, noes
The question, "Shall the main question be
now put?" was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. CRAIG asked for the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion was adopted—yeas 159, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anthony, Ash, Ashley, Banks,
Barton, Beale, Bean, Beaumont, Bockee, Boon, Borden,
Bouldin, Bovee, Boyd, Briggs, Brown, Bynum. William B.
Calhoun, Cambreleng, Carr, Casey, Chancy, Chapman,
Chapín, Childs, John F. H. Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee,
Coles, Connor, Craig, Cramer, dishing, Cushman, Darling-
ton, Denny, Dickerson, Dickson, Dromgoole, Effner, Fair-
field, Farlin, Fowler, French, Fry, PhiloC. Fuller, William
K. Fuller, Galbraitli, James Garland, Gillet, Glascock,
Grantland, Haley, Hamer, Hannegan, Hard, Albert G. Har-
rison, Samuel S. Harrison, Hawes, Hawkins, Haynes, Hen-
derson, Heister, Hoar, Holsey, Hopkins, Howard, Hubley,
Hunt, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, William Jackson,
Jabez Jackson, Janes, Jarvis, Joseph Johnson, Richard M.
Johnson, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Benjamin Jones,
Judson, Kennon, Kilgore, Kinnard, Klingensmith, Lane,
Lansing, Laporte, Lawler, Lawrence, Lay, Gideon Lee,
Joshua Lee, Leonard, Logan, Loyall, Lucas, Lyon, Abiiah
Mann, Job Mann, Manning, Martin, John Y. Mason, Wil-
liam Mason, Moses Mason, May, McKay, MeKeon, McKim,
McLene, Miller, Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Morris,
Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Parker, Parks, Patterson, Pat-
ton, Dutee J. Pearce, Franklin Pierce, James A. Pearce,
Pettigrew, Phelps, Phillips, John Reynolds, Joseph Rey-
nolds, Ripley, Roane, Rogers, Schenck, Seymour, Augus-
tine II. Shepperd, Shinu, Smith, Spangler, Sprague, Steele,
Storer, Sutherland, Taliaferro, Taylor, John Thomson,
Toucey, Towns, Turner, Turrill, Vanderpoel, Wagener,
Ward, Ward well, Washington, Webster, and Weeks—159.
NAYS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, Bell, Bond,
Bunch, John Calhoon, Carter, George Chambers, John
Chambers, Nathaniel II. Claiborne, Clark, Corwin, Crane,
Deberry, Dunlap, Evans, Everett, Rice Garland, Granger,
Graves, Grayson, Grennell, Griffin, Hammond, Hardin, Har-
lan, Harper, Hazeltine, Howell, Ingersoll, Jenifer, Henry
Johnson, Luke Lea, Lincoln, Love, Sampson Mason,
Maury, McKennan, Mercer, Milligan, Peyton, Pickens,
Pinckney, Potts, Reed, Reneher, Robertson, Russell,Shields,
Slade, Sloan, Standefer, Waddy Thompson, Underwood,
Vinton, White, Whittlesey, Lewis Williams, and Sherrod
Williams—59.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN FLORIDA.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill making an addi-
tional appropriation of $500,000, for repressing
hostilities on the part of the Indians in Florida.
Mr. C. adverted to the propriety of a speedy
action on the bill; and, by unanimous consent,
moved that the House go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union upon the same;
which was agreed to.
The House then went into Committee, Mr.
Howard in the chair, upon the foregoing bul.
Mr. WHITE moved to amend the bill by add-
ing a section authorizing the President of the
United States to cause to be enlisted a regiment
of one thousand mounted riflemen, by and with
the consent of the Senate, for twelve months, if,
in his discretion, he should deem it necessary.
Mr. W. briefly supported the amendment. He
said all accounts from Florida represented the
Territory to be in a most distressing condition.
Three entire counties were already desolated by
the Indians. Their numbers were not known,
and the melancholy information received from the
inhabitants of those counties, as well as the de-
struction of the detachment of United States troops,
showed that these men had been equipped for ac-
tion for a long time. A portion of them had been
armed by the Government of the United States,
with a view of their going to the west of the Mis-
sissippi river; and another portion had received
arms from smugglers and others. Mr. W. knew
that the number of Seminole Indians had been
greatly underrated; and it was known that there
were not less than twelve hundred or fifteen hun-
dred men, who had captured already about two
hundred and fifty slaves, and those slaves who
would not operate with them they intended to
transport to the Island of Cuba.
Now, the first question was, what was the best
mode of putting an end to these disorders ? It
was impossible to draw the militia in the south-
ern States this season, nor in the spring of the
year; and if the Indians were not entirely sub-
jugated before the warm season it would then be
rendered impossible. He believed, that in the
course of three or four weeks a sufficient force
might be raised to put an end to these hostilities
by June or July, and if these troops should be
unemployed he understood that other portions of
the United States wanted them at that time. In-
formation had been received by the Secretary of
War that the Creeks were in a very troubled
state. He could assure the House that the whole
Territory of Florida would be desolated in a very
