THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR &. RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR- A SESSION.
First Session, 24th Congress
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1336.
Volume 3....No. 10.
concealed. He stated that it appeared in the other
House, that the then. chairman of the Committee
on Ways and Means, the present Speaker of the
House, told two membeis fioni Tennessee, that
the President didvvish the appropriation, but that
they need not say anything about it. He had not
respect enough for anv one member of either
branch of Congress to ieel bound to believe any
statement as to what was the Executive will. Mr.
W objected to the undefined character of the three
million amendment. He was led to conclude that
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations had not offered the amendment as chairman
of that committee, but on his own responsibility
as a Representative of his constituents.
But it was said, that if the publication in the
papers of the 28th of February was read by some
of the membeis, it would be naturally a subject of
conversation, and the notice of the intention of the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
u ould reach us in that way. He could not speak
for others, but as for himsi If he knew nothing of
it. He had a degree of confidence in the Executive
from his youth up that lie never had in any other
He had that confidence in him then,and knowing
he was never disposed to shun any duty, he (Mr.
W.) expressed his belief at the t.nie that he
thought the President did not want it. Suppose
his predecessor had recommended suchanappio-
pnation—I put it to those with w hom I have Deen
m the habit of acting, whether they would not
have rebelled against it. He belonged to that
school which goes for specific appropriations—
and had believed that was the settled republican
doctrine from the time of Jefferson down, and it
was even to be found in the message of the pres-
ent Chief Magistra'e.
He said the application of a specific sum to a
given object was a specific appropriation, and
adverted to appropriations under former Adminis-
trations as being of that character, the dangerous i
tendency of the precedent of making undefined
appropriations was such as ought to put them on
their guard. He voted against it then, and he
would now vote against a similar one. This bill
was lost, and the public had sustained an injury,
but the fault did not lie at the door of those with
whom he voted, and he went at some length into
a history of the progress of the bill, to show that
the whole blame belonged to the House of Rep- ,
resentatives. The committee of conference, after
the vote of disagreement, ought to have brought |
the papers back. If they had done so, it might
haveproduccdadifferontresult. Mr. W. referred j
to the Manual, to show that it was their duty to
do so. But they had left the papers on the table
in the conference room. The different branches
were entitled to alternative votes on the bill, and
each branch should keep the other informed of
their action upon it. Sometimes men had not
their wits about them, as well after dinner as be-
fore. He would not say what was the cause of
it, but from some cause the committee of the other
House had neglected their duty. He recuned to
the action of Congress on the bill, toi the relief
of Mr Monroe, in 1825-'26, to illustrate his posi-
tion in regard to the duty of the committee of
conference The Si nate had given the last vote,
and had voted a committee of conféieiice whose
duty it was to take the papers to the other House, '
and if the papers had been taken there, they
would have had it in then powei to have saved
the bill, and if the papers had been brought back
to the Senate, they might have reconsidered their
vote. Here was another branch of the subject
that might be more fully discussed than it had
been. After the bill was returned to the House,
a vote was taken on the resolution in favor of R.
P. Leteher, and no quorum, and the lateness of
the hour was the ground alleged why the House
did not act on tne report of the committee. He
referred to the vote on Mr. Johnson's resolution
in the House, to show thai there was a quorum,
after the committee of conference had had their
conference.   How did that committee know there
10
was no quorum'   On the Journal, it appealed
| that, on the vote on a resolution offered by Mi.
Johnson, there was very nearly a quoium, which
was very soon after
As to the idea that Congress was dead, or dis-
solved on account of the hour of twelve having
arrived, he thought the beet evidence on that
point was the recollection of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mi. Leigh,] whose attention was di-
rectly called to the subject.
But if the constitutional term of Congress was
expired at twelve o'clock, then the constitutional
term of the President, for the four years for which
I he was elected, expired at that hour also. He
' objected tono one's opinion, founded on conscien-
tious scruples. He respected the scruples of any
man, but he differed in opinion with some, as to
I what time on the 4th of March the term com-
menced, ascertain that point of time, and themo-
, ment at winch the two years elapsed fiom that
period, completed the term, and not before it
The First Congress, by resolution, met on the
first Wednesday of March, which was then the
fourth day of the month, and did any body pre-
tend to say that the First Congress met at mid-
night' They met, probably, not before twelve
at noon of the 4th of March, anj if so, that was
the time when the term runs out, and by estab-
lish.ng that time they brought back ihc good old
days when the evening and the morning were the
first day. Suppose the doctrine contended for be
correct, it would then follow, that between twelve
o'clock of the 3d of March and the time he is
sworn in you have no President, and if amin is
ordered to be executed for a violation of the taws
of the United States, during the interim, under
what authority would he be -executed ' There
were no fiactions of a day in law.
The gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
HibbaRd] had refeiretl to the fact of a commit-
tee of Congress repoiting that the teim for which
members of Congress had been elected expired on
the 4th day of March. But the question still re-
curred, at what hour of tne 4th of March' He
adv erted to the practice of Congress in transacting
business after midnight, and on one occasion he
recollected it was broad daylight before he left the
Sena'e Chamber to go to his lodgings. He had
no doubt that there were members enough in the
lobby of the House at the time the committee of
conference ought to have repoited, together with
those in their seats, to have made up a quorum.
He would ask whether gentlemen would bi in any
better humor to vote liberal appiopriations when
recrimination was resorted to and based upon
matters that had been past' He alluded to the
apparent pacific character of our relations with
Trance at and prior to the close of the last ses-
sion. There was nothing in those relations from
which could be inferred the remotest necessity of
making preparations for a war; and he never gave
a vote with which he was better satisfied than the
^vote i ejecting the three million appropriation;
'and, in the language of a worthy and celebrated
man who was now no moie, he wished that vote
could be written in the very center of heaven, in
characters as bright as the sun.
On motion by Mr. GRUNDY, the Senate ad-
journed.       __________
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wedvesdw, January 27, 1836.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, from
the Committee on Public Lands, reported a bill
for the relief of James Baldndge, which was read
twice and eommitted.
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, íeported a
bill for the relief of James L. Stokes, which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. C, fiom the same committee, íeported a
bill for the relief of Daniel Bush, which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. BOND, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Peter Dimick, of the State of New Yoik, which
was read twice and committed
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee of
Waysand Means, reported a bill for the relief of
the president and directois of the Union Gold
Mining Company, which was read twice and
committed.
Mr JARVIS, fiom the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Melanc-
thon Taylor Woolsey, which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. J., from the same committee, reported a
bill to reward the captors of the Ti ipolitan fi igate,
late the frigate Philadelphia, which was lead
twice and committed.
Mr. J., from the same committee, reported a
bill to change the title of certain officers of the
Navy, which was read twice, and its further con-
sideration postponed until to mortow.
Mr. HOWELL, fiom the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, repoited a bill, providing that
John Smith be placed on the li^t of invalid pen-
sioners, which was road twice and committed.
Mr PEARCE, of Rhode Islvnd, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported a bill foi the
relief of the representatives of Jacob Shoemtkei,
deceased, which was read twice and committed
Mr. HARRISON, of Pennsylvania, fiom the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill
for the relief of Peter Cook, asoldici of th. late
war. which was read twice and committed.
Mr. MUHLENBERG, fiom the Committee
on Revolutionary Claim1?, reported a bill foi the
relief of the heirs and le'gal representatives of
Garland Burnley, deceased, which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. TAYLOR, fiom the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Sirmxl
Kincaid; which was read twice and committed
Mr. WHITTLESEY, fiom the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of John W
Howard, which was read twice and committed
Mr.C1MBRELENG.from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill to exempt mer-
chandise imported under certain circumstances
from the operations of the act of 19th of May,
1828, in alteration of the several acts imposing
duties on imports, which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. WISE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill to provide compensation to
James Birron, for the use of his invention called
the ventilator of ships; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. GRANTLAND, fiom the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Philip F. Voorhees; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. DUNLA°, from the Committee on Public
Lands, íeported the following bills; which were
lead twice and committed
A bill to increase the price of surveying the
public lands in certain cas< s; and
A bill for the relief of Mary Tucker.
Mr. D , from the Committee on Public Lands,
reported a bill for the relief of James M. Tuttle;
which was read twice, and orJeied to be engrossed
and read a third time to-morrow.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported the following bills; which
weie read twice and eommitted:
A bill for the relief of Isaac Wilbourne, Jr., and
William Wilbourne,
A bill for the relief of John Jeffers; and
A bill to establi&h an additional land office m
Louisiana.
Mr. LYON, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, ropom d a bill for t'ie relief of Joshua
Pitcher, which was lead twi eand committed.
Messrs P. C. FULLER, TALIAFERRO,
BANKS, and WH1 TTLCSCY, from die Com-
mittee on Claims, Mr CRAMER, fi om the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, Messrs. LAY, STO-
R.ER, FRY, and LEA of Tennessee, frota the
