146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GI4)#E.
January 27
Committor on Revnhmona'V Prions; Mess-s
CUdHMAN and PE\RCIi of Rhode Ishiil,
from the Committee on Commcice; Mi ¡>s s CA-
SE V and CIIAPM YN, fiom the Com n ttee on
Pui'icLinds; Mr. HARRÍSON of P< nnvrlv i-
ma, from tne Committee on Ima id Pensions;
andMessrs. BEAUMONT.CHAPIN, and KIX-
NARD, fiom the Committee on Revolutionaiy
Claims, made unf.uoiable repoits upon various
petitions, which were laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Honda, the
pioceedingsof a public meeting at St. Augustine,
in relation to the depiedations of the Indians, and
se\eral letters on the same subject, were retened
to the Committee on Military Affxtis, and ordered
to be printed.
SUSPENSION OF RULES.
Mr. EVERETT moved to suspend the rules,
so as to permit the States to be called for resolu-
tions referring mitteis of inquiry to committees,
and calls upon the Dcpai tinenta for information.
Mi .VINTON moved to amend the motion, by
including the consideration of resolutions of a
similar character upon the Speaker's table.
Mi. EVERETT accepted the amendment as a
modification of his motion. The proposition was
then negatived.
Mr. PARKS made an ineffectual attempt to
submit a resolution directing an inquiry into the
situation of the Patent Office.
LOSS OF THE FORTIFICATION BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolution offered by Mr. Adams on
Fuday last:
Reu re?, T íat so much of the m*ss& 3 of the President
of th. Ctuted State  to Cong-ess at the commencement d'
the p e^ent session a* relates to the lailur J at the lMss^-ion
ofCoii.e so'the bill contaiiiinjtheordinirvapprop ntion
for ior ificatio-is, bs refeirod to i «elect co-rrnut ->,wiih in
strucuon  o inquire into, and report n t'ie Ilotue, the
cau e and circuía .unce  ot the failure of this bill.
Mr.C AMBRELEXG said it was not his design
to take up the time of the House with a lengthy
inquiry into the grave question of who caused
the loss of the $3,OJG,QO0 appropriation, made
last session by that House far the defense of the
country, nor would he be drawn from the true
issue. The true issue was, not who lost the
fortification bill, but who defeated the §3,000,000
which that House had unanimously determined
to be necessary, in order to defend the country in
case of assault. Mr. C. then entered into a minute
statement of the proceedings of the last Congress
the last night of the session, in vindication of his
own course from the charges brought against
him. He pronounced the whole rumor rcsiecting
the Vice President and the Secretary of Stite to
be false in every particular; and he took the
occasion to express the pleasure he bad of being '
authorized to state, that the narrative published
in the National Gazette, as he at first understood
it was, -was not written by the Senator from '
Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster.]
To prove that the appropriation was not pro
posed without the knowledge of Congress, Mr.
C. referred to the President's message,"and to his
own remarks delivered in the House and pub-
lished in the papers, before he moved it. He then
prodaced the original draft of the amendment i>i
his own handwriting, which had variations upon
it in the handwriting of Mr. Archer, of Virginia,
a member of the last Congress. The procei dings
of the Senate proved their determination to kill
the appropriation altogether. When it was sent
from the House, the Senate, in no instance,
adopted thc usual forms of parhamentary coui tesy.
Instead of referring the amendment to a com-
mittee, which was the ordinary rule, it was at
once njected; and on the second time of its being
sent to them, thoy adhered to thetr own amend-
ment, and thereby effectually closed the door
against any concession on their own part. [The
report of the National Intelligencer was then read
from the Clerk's table, at Mr. C.'s request, as
containing sundry incidental matters omitted in
the Journal of the House.] After the committee
of conference had been appointed, the message
had to be sent to the Senate, they had to act
upon it, and Mr. C. and hi.s colleagues had to
wait in the House a short time till that was done;
and duriu  that time he voted upon the Cumber-
land ro«d bill; and it wa  on that bill that Mr. '
Gti.MER, of G-orgia, refused to \o(e. It was,
therefor.-, pist midnight when the committee
r tired. Mi C. then went through the proceed-
ings reoid. d on the Journal of the House, and
p nuted out sundry parts passed over by Mr.
Wl-sr.
Mr. PHILLIPS, of Massachusetts, referred
to the repoit in the Globe, which (he said) was,
in one particular, more correct than the House
Journal; for the íeport of the conferees was not
made by Mi .Lewis, as the Intelligencer reported,
and Mr. Mercer pronounced the latter to be
false.
Mr. C AMBRELENG said he did return to his
seat with the intention of making the report of
the committee of conferees; but it was distinctly
announced, both on the floor and ft om the Speak-
er's chair, that there was no quorum in the House.
The Speaker counted the House, and could not
count a quorum; and Mr. C. and Mr. Lewis, of
Alabama, were appointed tellers to go round the
House and count it; and Mr. Lewis himself could
not find a quorum. No one would accuse that
gentleman of want of keenness; and if members
had been standing about the Chair, or in the
lobbies, he would have counted them, or have re-
ported the fact to the House; but even Mr. Lewis
could not make a quorum. It was not in that
House the bill died, but the death-blow was given
to it when the Senator from Massachusetts moved
that the Senate adhere to its own amendment;
and its poor, miserable remains were brought to
the House by the committee of conferees.
Mr. C. said, to show what short memories dis-
tinguished statesmen sometimes possessed, he
could refer to a volume Of precedents, if necessary.
At the organization of this Government, it was
the uniform practice to put all the civil and diplo-
matic expenses into one line; and also all the ex-
penses of the Army into one line, without the
slightest specification whatever. He certainly ad-
mired, in some respects, the modern practice; but
he very much doubted whether the country saved
much by it, for, from two or three hundred thou-
sand dollars, the appropriations had risen to three
times as many millions. Mr. C. then Cited a vast
number of acts of Congress appropriating large
sum* of money, varying from half a million to
one and two milhonsand upwards, without desig-
nation or specification, under the administrations
of General Washington, Mr. Jefferson, Mr. Mun-
roe,&c. In 1794, $1,000,000 and upwards; in
J798, $250,000, and another in the same year
amounting to $300,000* as well as a clause for
i raising ten thousand men by the President, and
another item in the same year for $900,000; in
1799, for $2,000,000; in 1803, during Mr Jeffer-
son's administration, $2,000,000. Mr. C. also
quoted many other cases of appropriation, placed,
without specification, under the direction of the
1 President of the United States, down to the year
1812, all of which, some foity or fifty in num-
I ber, were analogous in form, in substance, lan-
I guage, and every particular, with the proposed
$3,000,000 appropriation of the lastsession. After
sotne further remarks, Mr. C. concluded by
hoping that, in a crisis like the present, the legis-
lative bodies of the nation would not be driven
into a petty, trifling controversy as to which lost
this bill. He, himself, should have taken no past
lit the discussion, if he had not been driven to it
In self-defense. This was no time for the Amer-
ican Congress to be deliberating upon petty ques-
tions, and upon a petty inquiry of this character.
There were great national objects in view. We
aheady had an Indian war; we were this moment
threatened with a fiontier war on our Mexican
boundary; and a French fleet was known to be on
the ocean ready to approach our shores. That
country had exacted conditions which this coun-
try never could, never would comply with; no,
not even if she were desolated with blood from
Maine to Louisiana.
! [The foregoing brief sketch of Mr. Cambre-
lénc's remarks will be given in an extended
form at a future day.]
I Mr. REED said that the President was equally
to blame in the loss of the appropriation bill.
Ho charged the loss of it to him, and the majority
of the House, who were friends of the President.
The message of the President of the 1st Decem-
ber, 1835, was a declaration of war itself.   If that
message had been sustained,war would have been
inevitable It wa'j a question of war to the House,
and all considered it so. What was the message
in the hands of the House > What did it do'
Why, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means reported a bill appiopnating$439,000
for the fortifications of the country; a gentleman
from Massachusetts moved an amendment making
an additional appropriation; and we were then
told that we were wasting the treasure of the
country, and bringing the nation into disrepute,
and the yeas and nays were called on the amend-
ment, and were 87 yeas, 120 nays; the Admin-
istration men voting against the amendment.
Again, a gentleman from Maryland moved an
amendment makin  additional appropriations for
the defense of Baltimore; the vote was 87 for the
amendment, 120 against it; and the yeas and nays
will show how the Administration men voted.
A gentleman from Georgia moved an amendment
making additional appropriations; the vote was
67 for, 115 against, the amendment. A motion
was made appropriating $50,000 for some im-
provements at Throgg's Neck, and the Adminis-
tration men voted to strike it out. This was
I strange conduct in gentlemen who were so de-
i sirous that the country should be defended, and
1 that, too, with the war speech of the President
before them. The bill passed the House, was
sent to the Senate, and came back with two
amendments making additional appropriations.
They did not oppose that bill; they added new
appropriations to it. The Senate sent the bill
back, and we might have passed it if we had
accepted it; but on the last night of the session,
the extraordinary appropriation of $3,000,000
must be added to it' The President had not rec-
ommended it, unless his message calling for war,
1 called for that appropriation. The Committee
of Ways and Means did not recommend it. No
1 statements to the House recommended it. He
' said it was contrary to all precedent. The gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Cambreleng,] to
be sure, had adduced some instances, but they
were for secret service money and the purchase
of Florida. The chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, on the last night of the session,
proposed the amendment of $3,000,000, and it
passed; and that, too, by the same House which
had before refused to add$500,0U0 to the same ap-
propriation bill. Was that not enough to astonish
gentlemen? Whattinder heaven had produced
I the change ' The resolution of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Advms,] was stated to
be the foundation of that unpieci dented amend-
1 ment. He considered that íesolution as a most
harmless orle, and voted for it as such. That
resolution only said that the treaty must be in-
sisted on; and was that the founda'ion for the
, appropriation? The gentleman from Massachu-
1 setts [Mr. Adams] had said that the bill war
received in bad temper by the Senate. Mr. R.
said, that at the time the Senate sent back their
adherence to the House, he had the feelings of
other men; but he supprt ssed that feeling. He
knew the responsibility of his situation, and that
there were duties which were paramount to that
feeling. He was not for war with the Senate,
but for preparing the country for defense. He
was for adhering to the bill, and for passing it.
There was a quorum in the House after twelve
o'clock on the last ntghtof the session, and the
bill might have been passed, had there been a
disposition to pass it. He thought then, as he
thought now, that there was a movement of the
I Administration party to defeat the bill.
I Mr. R. contended, that they had the right to
sit after twelve o'clock, and do business. He
said, that General Washington had been in the
habit of signing bills after twehe o'clock. The
elder Adams had been abused for making ap-
pointments to office after that hour. Mr. Jeffer-
son and Mr. Madison had signed bills after that
j hour; and, if he mistook not, the gentleman from
I Massachusetts himself had done so. There was
j no time when the Government did not exist. He
was in favor of the bill for ordinary appropua-
tions, and voted for it, but he voted against the
1 three million amendment, and that because he
considered it a violation of the Constitution. The
appropriation bill was reported on Januaiy 2d 
the committee and the House had it under ¿on-
