148
THE 0OÑGRÉS8IONAL tíLOBE.
January 28,
Mr EWING, of Ohio, from the Committee on ¡
Public Lands, i, port, d unfivoi *' 'y ° ' «^<! ''l
bkiiwiuN that Lad Leen rtf.ntd to the t tomín .-
tee, i'iid movtd that the commit!.. It dis.hirg d
fiom the firthcr convidciat.on tin reel. Anions;
them was a memorial from the L.°;is]atuie ot
Missouri, asking a giant of hnd for purposes of
internal linprovcmcn . and one from the Legisla-
ture of Loins ana of the sime purport.
Mr EVV"ING,inprcscntingthe lenorts, sa'd,it
was the opinion of the committee that mall cases
it was better to grant money than lands, and that
it was better the United States should si 11 the
lands.
Mr. BENTON said he should be glad to have a
written repoit fiom the committee,on the subject
of som" of these m"monr<l-., especially the one
fiom Missomi for a giant of land for internal
mipiovemcnt, which the committee had disposed
of in such a summary way. He objected to this
compendious process and wholesale condemna-
tion, by which a dozen memorials were disposed
of at once, on a mere motion to be discharged
from their consideration, and without a word in
writing. He wished to have an oppoitumty of
showing that the State from which the chanman
of the committee came (Ohio)liadrcceiv dabove
a million of acres of public land for internal im-
provement, while many of the new States had
received notan acre, ft was not con\ement to
go into this subject this morning, (Mr. 13. said,)
when other businiss was pressing; and he would
prefer that it should be laid over for the present.
Other States besides Missouri were about to be
injur, d ; and there were other gentlemen who
would not sit still and see the Senate, by a si.6
silentio proceeding, on an ere tenus report, do such
wrong to their States. He would wish the com-
mittee to take Lack iheir motion, or that it be laid
upon the table for the present.
Mr. PORTER hoped the course suggested by
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton-] would
be followed by the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands, and adverted to the immense
sums of money expended by the people of Lou-
isiana in extending the levee, una to the benefit
of those lands. An application had been made
to the Secretary of the Navy for information re-
lating to this subject, and he hoped that, before
so decided a disposition was made of those appli-
cations, the committee would wait until that in-
formation was íeceived. These petitions were not
bottomed upon the generosity, but the interest of
the Government.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, observed that he ftlt
no anxiety that the question should be taken on
the proposition of the committeeat that time. He
certainly was not disposed to get rid of the papers
that had been referred to them, otherwise than in i
a direct mode, and that mode he had supposed
had been adopted by him. The other day hfhad '
presented a detailed report, in which all these
subjects had been fully discussed and examined,
and he would, therefore, be willing to lay this
report on the table till the gentleman had time to
look into that report, arid to decide whether the
views he had taken on it were sound or unsound.
A bill of the same nature of these petitions, which
had been referred to the committee, would have
been reported back on the same day that he made
the detailed report, but he did not lay his hands
on it at the time. In that detailed report he had
"said what he now repeated, " ore tenus," that it
was better to make grants of money than of lands.
He was asked why the committee did not re-
port money in lieu of lands ' Now,thegcntIeman
who asked that question had been a member of
that body for many years, and knew very well
that it was not customary for the Committee on
Public Lands to report money bills.   Such a re-
Ü>rt would come more app.-onnately from the
ommittee on Roads and Canals, or of Finance.
In the general bill lie had before referred to there
was a grant of this very five hundred thousand
acres of land the State of Missouri asked for.
Whenever the Subject fairly came up, he was dis-
posed to present Ins views and those of the com-
mittee fully; and if the Senate was not satisfied
with them they would cheerfully ariquiesce in its
decision.    In the general bill n ported  the other
day, the object Was to place all the new States
on the «ame footing; but his opinion was, that
that bill, taking all circumstances into consider-
ation, d d O'.iogitat injustice As that bill, how-
i\ i, wis net t'n n nndf i convide lation, he would
no' ihbci.vs i' fin tin I. He was -s-itivfi. d that the
su! ject should 1 < hid on the table till the report
vi as printed, and the bill was biought up before
them.
Mr. BENTON observed that the Senator from
Ohio, who had just taken his seat, had said that
it was not regular foi his committee to repoit a
bill gianting money. Now hi (Mr. B.) presumed
it would be perfectly ligulai for them to recom-
mend money, and also competent for the gentle-
man himself to say that he would vote formoncy
in lieu of the land asked for. The gontli man
remaikedthat th< y had decid, d, on principle, that
it was bittir for tin Government to grant money
than land, and in the same bieath said that the
committee had reported favoiably for gianting
five hundred thousand acres of land to the State
of Missouri, in the distributive land bill. This
is a pretty way to establish principle; a report for
it; and a bill against it. So much for the pnnci-
ple dcoidcdon by the committee. But what^asked
Mr. B.) is this "five hundutl thousand acres that
is to be thus granted to the State of Missouri ? It
is (said he) the same five bundled thousand acres
which I proposed myself long before this land
bill was brought in, which pioposition received
the favorable consideration of the Senate, having
passed to a thud leading, and reached its third
stage before that general land bill was conceived
of. In this stage of its progress, this bill that he
had brought in was Hid on the table, and after-
wards seized upon and tab n away fi om him, the
father of it, and put into a bill, which afterwards
received the veto of the President. Nay, more,
it was continued in the same bill of this year,
with the knowledge, on the pait of those who
framed it, of the President's message on the veto
of the b'll, and that he would, on principle, adhere
to his objections given m that message. Where,
then, wrs the friendship to Missouri which the
gentleman boasts of when he speaks of the grant
to be in a bill, the principles of which the Pres-
ident has vetoed, and must veto again ' Was the
State of Missouri to be treated in this manner?
' Were the new States to be treated in this way >
And was he, a Senator, to be treated in this way,
to have his bill that he had introduced session
after session taken from him, and embodied in
another that could never become a law '
Sir, (said Mr. B.,) I mean when this land dis-
tribution bill comes Up to move to have it disem-
boweled, and to take my child out of it. I want
it taken from the guardianship of those who are
jj pressing it to death, and to be delivered to me,
' its own father. The bill thus taken from him had
j! been used against hhn in his own State; for when
I he voted against this distribution land bill, con-
taininghis own in its stomach, cverypress in his
State on a certain side of the political line came out
against him with the declaration that he had voted
against his own bill; that he [Mr. B.] had voted
against a grant of five hundred thousand acres
of laiid to the State of Missouri. He did not
say that such was the design of those who had
tafren his bill and put it into another; but such
was the use that had been made of what they
had done. The attempt to make the people of
Missoun misunderstand him had failed; but, as
r. spected the land, the State had lost it; and
he was determined that the manner in which he
had been treated, and the people of Missouri
had been treated, by taking his bill from him
and putting it in another—that this attempt—he
would not say attempt—but that this proceeding
having the effect to make the people óf Missouri
believe that there were those here who were
willing to grant her five hundred thousand acres
of land, while they placed the grant in a position
which would prevent the possibility of its pass-
ing, should be fully known and understood. He
moved to lay the reports for the present on the
table.
Mr. MOORE adverted to the position in which
he stood in relation to the principles involved in
this matter, as one of the Committee on Public
Lands. He was not in his place when the report
was made; but, if a bill was reported, he hoped
the child would not be killed, and that the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Bínton] would nave i
it in his power, as father, guardian, or author, to
give it all the support and nutriment he wishid
Mr. EWING said he had been charged by the
Senatorfiom Missoun [Mr. Blnton] with incon-
sistency. It was not easy to discuss a report
not before the Senate. The committee intended,
in making their iepoit,to treat the new States
alike, and to place them all on an equality. It
was the opinion of the committee, that grants of
lands should not be made for these particular
purposes. The grant of the ten per cent, was so
far a grant for those purposes. The committee
did not know of the veto of the bill alluded to
by the gentleman from Missouri, and, for one, ho
could never consent, as a member of this body,
to be swerved from his course by the exercise of
it. He would not consent to mold his couis>
to meet the executive approbation. He would
not be held to act in obedience to executive will.
If the motion prevailed to lay the report upon
the table, it would place it in the power of the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benton] to take
such course in reference to it as he thought proper.
He had nothing to do with his [Mr. BENton's]
State, to effect any object here, or any purpose
theic, but intended to act upon broad principles.
Mr. BENTON cei tainly had no objection that
the Senator from Ohio, or any other S.nator,
should go on with their business, either public or
private, without regarding the action of the Pies-
ldent; but he hoped now that he might be under-
stood, and that there would bo no necessity for
him again to íepeat it. What he objected to,
particularly, was the taking his bill, which had
received the favorable action of the Senate, which
had precedent to sanction it, which had nothing
extraneous in it, which rusted on its own menls,
and putting it in another bill which had received
the veto of the Prcsid. nt, and which, taking in'o
consideration the President's message, it must be
knovvn would receive his veto again. The gen-
tleman said he had lio oljectin acting on the State
of Missouri; but what was the state of things
there some years ago, at the time the vote was
, taken on this distribution land bill, into which
his bill had been so irregulaily embodied' There
was an election pending there for United States
Senator, and his vote on this bill was use d against
him from one end of the State to the other. To
be sure, when the subject came before the Gen-
eral Assembly, they saw and fully unclerstood
the circumstances under which he aited, and ap-
preciated the feeling's which influenced him to
vote against a measure to which they as well as
he was opposed on principle, though it did pio-
pose to give five hundied thousand acres of land
to the State he represented. Now, as to die bill
for this grant to Missouri, Which he had intro-
duced at the very beginning of this session, and
which, though referred to the committee long be-
fore this distributive land bill came limping in
after it.
Sir, (said Mr. B.,) my Legislature has adopted
that bill; and in asking for this grant of five bun-
dled thousand acres condemns this general bill
into which the grant is now put; and, having their
approbation, he should again vote against this
geneial bill, which, in his opinion, contained so
much to condemn. Whatever was the design of
gentlemen in making the grant in this way, it
was entirely delu3ive while it was attached to a
measure whose fate it must share. Now, with
respect to the nurture of those land bills which
had been sent to the Committee on the Public
Lands. That committee had never, since the
organization of the Government, been constituted
so unfavorably for the new States as now. How
stood that committee? It consisted of Mr. Ewing
of Ohio, Mr. Moore of Alabama, Mr. Critten-
dev of Kentucky, Mr. Prentiss of Vermont,
and Mr. McKean of Pennsylvania—a majority
from the old States; the first time this commit-
tee had been so organized since he had been in
the SenatP. The gentleman from Alabama was
the only member on it from the new States; for
he considered Ohio, in all that respected the pub-
lic lands, as an old State. She [Ohio] had re-
ceived large grants of land from the Government,
upwards of a million of acres, while the chair-
man of the committee was from that State, and
was opposed to making similar grants to the new
States who had received nothing.   ShÁ had but
