1886,
TtfE GONCrRfiSSIONAL GLOBE;
149
little public land remaining to be sold. She was
nc'i and populous and not at all in the condit.an '
with the young ¡states, which had receAel no
grants, 01 but small giants for internal improve-
ment, and whose population was thin and re-
sources w eak. The real new States had but one
represéntate e on the committee It was a com-
mittee strangely and strongly organized against
the new States, and could not speak and act tor
them with any knowledge of their feelings and
interests He should not submit in silence to the
summary and compendious mode in which that
committee had undertaken to dispose of all the
petiuons and memorials of the new States. He
would take the proper time to contest their con-
duct; to oppose all that they had done against
reducing the pnce of the public lands, against
fronting them lands for internal improvement, as
ad been granted to Ohio and some others, against
a delusive report for money without any bill to
grant money, against the land distribution bill,
and above all, he should take the proper time to
endeavor to extract his own bill for five hundred
thousand acres to Missouri from the stomach of
the monster which had swallowed it, and fiom
the guardianship of self-constituted protectors,
who hare put it where it must die, and whose
gratuitous protection had deprived the State of
the grant in the bill for four years past.
Mr. E WING said the Senator complained that l
this bill had been thrust into the land bill which
had been vetoed. This bill related to the lands of
one State. The committee had first provided for
lands generally, and then attended to particular
cases, which accounted for the circumstance of
this bill cora.ng limping ui one day after the gen-
eral bill.
The reports were then laid on the table
COMMUNICATIONS FROM THE WAR DE-
P1RTMENT.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
War Department, in reply to the resolution of the
18th instant, stating the office held by Benjamin
F Curry in the Cherokee nation, the compensa-
tion paid him, and the act under which he was
appointed, and
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the report was
ordered to be printed.
The CHAIR, also communicated a report from
the same Department, showing the amount of
expenditures under the appropriations for the
military service for the year 1835, and the balance
remaining in hand at the end of the year.
LANDS TO MISSOURI.
Mr. EWING, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported without amendment, the bill
granting five hundred thousand acres of land to
the State of Missouri for purposes of internal
improvement; and stated that it was the opinion
of the committee that the bill ought not to pass.
NATIONAL DEFENSE.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration j
of the resolution of Mr Bcxrotr, for the appro-
priation of the surplus revenue to objects  of I
national defense; when
Messrs GRUNDY, HILL, and LINN sev-
erally addressed the Senate on the subject; after
which,
On motion by Mr CLAY, the resolution was
postponed till Monday, and ordered that when
the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to meet on that
day.
ORGANIZATION OF TOPOGRAPHICAL ENGI-
NEERS.
On motion by Mr. WALL, the Senate took up
the bill for the better organization of the corps of
topographical engineers, and the bill having been
read the third time, was passed.
INCREASE OF ENGINEERS.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, the Senate took
up the bdl providing for the increase of the corps
of engineers; and the bill having been read the
third time, was passed.
The Senate then adjourned over to Monday
next.               ___^_______________
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thuiudat, January 28,1836.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported) without amendment, the bill
from the Senate supplementary to the act to regu-1
late and hx. the compensation of the clerks in the
pubh" Departincn s, pisW 20th of Aoul, 1318
\ii   J  stated that the committee lccommendcd
tint the bill be rtjectcd
Mr CRANE, fiom the Committee on Rtvo-
lutionaiy Claims, reported the following bills,
which were read twice and committed.
A bill for the relief of the children and heirs of
Colonel Thomas Knowlton, deceased, and
A bill for the relief of the legal representadles
of Dr William Johonnet, deceased
Mr. CONNOR, fiom the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to
change the organization of the Post Office De-
partment, and to provide more effectually for the
settlement of the accounts thereof, which was
read twice and committed.
Mi CONNOR said he was instructed by the
committee to move that an extra numbei of one
thousand copies of the bill be printed.
The SPE\KER said the motion, under the
rule, would lie over one day.
Mr. CONNOR moved to suspend the i ule, for
the purpose of considering the motion at this
t.me, which was lost —two thirds not voting m
the affirmative
Mr. CARR, from the Comm.ttee on Puvate
Land Claims, reported the following bills, which
were read twice and committed A bul foi the
relief of J. Elor Rachal, and a bill fon the relief
of Paul PolS<M5t.
Mr. INGHAM, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel
Gilbert and others, which was read twice and
committed
Mr WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, repoited a bill for the
relief of Wcltha Barker, widow of Isaac Baiker,
deceased, which was read twice and committed
Mr GARLAND, of Virginia, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, reported a bill
foi the relief of William Moibury, which was
read twice and committed
Mr. HOAR, fiom the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported tbe following bills, which
were read twice and committed A bill for the
relief of John Bennett; a bill for the relief of Job
Wood; and a bill for the relief of George Elliott.
1 Mr. CUSHM AN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill foi the relief of Nathaniel
Denmson; winch was read twice and comm tted.
I Mr. PATTON, from the Committee on Tern-
tones, repoited, with an amendment, the bill au-
thorizing the President to cause to be run and
marked the boundary line between the territory
of the United States and the State of Missouri,
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. JARVIS, from the select committee on the
public buildings, reported a bill to provide for
erecting a fire-proof building for the accommoda-
tion of the Departments of theTreasuiy and State;
which was read twice and committed.
Messrs. EVANS, MILLER, and BEALE,
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions, Mr.
JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
Messrs. CARR, and GARLAND of Virginia,
from the Committee on Private Land Claims,
Messrs. SLADE, and WILLIAMS of North
Carolina, from the Committee on Public Lnnds;
and Messrs. UNDER WOOD, MUHLENBERG,
and BEAUMONT, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims—made unfavorable reports
upon vauous petitions, which were laid on the
tabic.
Mr. JENIFER, by consent, presented several
petitions, which were appropriately referred.
USE OF THE H VLL.
Mr McKENNAN asked the consent of the
House to presenta resolution, granting the use of
the Hall of Representatives to the Histoncdl So-
ciety, on Satuiday evening next, for the purpose
of holding a meeting of said society.
Mr McK. said it was understood that the Sec-
retary of War would deliver an address on the
occasion.
Objection being made, Mr McRenvan moved
to suspend the rule, which was agieed to—114
to 42.
Mr. McK. then submitted the resolution indi-
cated in his motion.
The SPEAKER said he had received a com-
mun cation from a member of the Historical So-
cie'j., n akm^ i request sim hi to the proposition
b loie th House, which, if pcimittea, he would
pi sent at tint tim".
It was objected to
Th quebtioi being on the adoption of the rcs-
oh tion,
Mi H \WES said he had always given his vote
against cveiy piopositio'i granting the Use of this
Hall, winch w is built with the people's money,
aid foi th" exclusive use of their Representatives,
foi the puipote of holding meetings of cotain
societies He sho ild continue to oppose thrse
indirect inroads upon the public Tnasuiv He
undei stood the object of the members of these
societies m risking pel mission to hold then meet-
ings i .this, Hill. It wis to save their own pockets
Theie vv s another building in this city which
was pecuhaily suited for such meetings, but by
procuring pemission to use this Hall, two or
thiee hundred dolíais were taken from the public
Treas iry on evci y evening of sach meeting to pay
f >r land k s, wood, &,c , winch ought to come out of
the ppdcets of tne membeis of these societies. If
it was nn oLject to these gentlemen to save this
e\3e lse, it wis also his right and dutv to object
that it s'iou'd be paid oat of the public Tieasury.
It wis i^iliana a small mutei, but if the House
yield d to the se applications feu the use of tht Hall
they m ght expect after awhile an application from
! a d Hieing society He was opposed to granting
this privilege to teniDcrance, colonization, abo-
lition, oi histoiical societies He considered them
all upon a pai He concluded by calling for the
yeas and nays on the adoption of the resolutoin,
which wi re not oidcred
The resolution was then agreed to.
LOSS OF THE FORTIFICATION BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, offered by Mr Adams on
Friday last
Rc-ohel, Tint *o much of the message af the President of
tie United stit ■* to Con 're * it the commencement of the
p -^pnt session, i-i f*litrts to the rHilftre at the la I session
or Congress of rhc b n ínntaüiins the ordinary appropna-
tiou for lortificition«,b3 referred to a select committee, with
instrnctioi to inquire lato and report to the House the
cause and circumotancs of the failure of this bill
' The question pending being the amendment of
Mi Williams, of North Carolina, giving the
committee power to send for persons and papers,
Mr HARDIN said, he was somewhat struck
with the stiange course of the parliamentary pro-
ceedings of the present si ssion for the last two or
three weeks, especially when he compared it with
the repeated speeches and declarations of honor-
able gentlemen Some two weeks ago, or nearly
that, an appropriation bill was called up, appro-
pi lating the necessary means for the Navy of the
United States The House was in Committeeof
the Whole, when a proposition was made by the
, honorable chauman of the Committee of Ways
I and Means, [Mr Cvmdreleng,] to appropriate
the sum of  2,000,000 over and above the ordinary
appropi íation for the Navy. These $2,000,000,
Mr H considered, were what might be called a
war appropriation, and they were then piessed to
act as STeedily as possible on acount of the exi-
gency of our affans in relation 11 France. One
honorable gentleman, whom he was pioud to call
his personal fuend, [Mr. Btncm,] had upon that
oceasion finished something like one half or two
thirds of a very able and eloquent speech, in
which they had been told that there was an
Amencan party and a French party, and that
the true issue was between the aristocracy and
the democracy of the country, and he was sorry
the gentleman had not had an opportunity of fin-
ishing his speech. Well, the next morning, that
measuie, si much needed on account of the state
of our affairs with France, was put by and the
New York fire bill was called up at the special
instance of the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, who seemed to inti-
mate yesterday that he would not have called up
that bill but that he considered it a small matter,
which would not occupy moie than the morning
hour of business. Well, that business was left
about one thud finished; he said about one tl '™t
because he hoped before it was finally n"**uf™
that both the geutlemaji and himself would b 
