1B36.
TRET >GON©RE8SieaffiA;l^QDaHEi
M
about five hundred soldiers hi that eooittryymid
they cannot procure the necessaries of life; and
when men, with arms in their hands, cannot pro-
cure subsistence, how was it to be supposed that
the suffering inhabitants could survive without
the aid of the Government* A Government that
will not extend protection and relief to its own
citizens is unworthy the name of a government.
Mr. HA WES proposed to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out the word " sufferers," and
inserting in lieu thereof " women, children, and
men, unable to bear arms."
Mr. H. said, it would be apparent that his ob-
ject was to confine the operation of the resolution
to those who were incapable of bearing arms in
defense of their country. If individuals capable
of bearing arms were in the field, rations would
be issued to them as a matter of course, and they
should be nowhere but in the field of battle in
defense of their firesides and their homes. Feed
men up and stufV them with rations, and my word
for it (said Mr. H.) there is no fighting; but
let them depend upon themselves; let them have
the soldier's rations as the soldier gets them in
the field; let them be hungry at time , and then
they will fight fast enough. Those who were
unable to arm in defense of their country he
would relieve; those capable of bearing arms
should earn their rations by being found on the
field of battle.
Mr. BOULDIN said he wished to relieve these
people from their deplorable condition, but was
not willing to violate the Constitution, or trans-
eend the powers of the Government about it. He
should never give a vote predicated on the idea
that this House was a charitable institution. . He
had often felt his heart warmed with the mere
imagination of what he would do for the relief
of the suffering, were these splendid resources
his. They not being his to dispose of, he could
give nothing from them on the ground of sympa-
thy or charity. This Government is bound to
protect its citizens against invading enemies—the
people of Florida, just as much as any others—
no more, no less. If, from the suddenness of the
attacks, or want of men or arms, we are not
able to protect them in their houses and at home,
where we are bound to do it, we must do it
when we can. Take them under the immediate
wing of the army. This protection must be real
—not only from the tomahawk and scalping knife,
but from inevitable starvation caused by the
enemy. The richest man might starve,if chased
into the wilderness by the scalping knife. Shall
we be bound to save him from thescalping-knife,
and let him starve in the wilderness before he can
return to his means? If these people are driven
from their homes by an invading foe, and unable
to sustain themselves in any other way, I feel
confident it is our literal duty to defend them in
that way; not only from death at the hand of the
savage, but from starvation, the immediate con-
sequence of the pursnit of the savage; and if the
resolution as now framed shall be altered so as
that none will be provided for but such as we
arc bound to defend, and cannot' otherwise de-
fend, and who cannot protect or provide for
themselves, I will vote for it.
Mr. GLASCOCK had hoped, at least, that, !
upon a subject like this, nothing would have trans-
pired to have disturbed the harmony of this de-
bate, and that they should have had immediate
action upon it. He regretted thatanything should
Jiavc been thrown out in the way of censure upon
the Government; and he had no hesitation in
expressing his firm belief that, so far as related to
depredations in Florida, and all which had grown
out of it, no department of the Government was
in any way to blame. He believed that, through-
out the whole transaction, each department had
faithfully performed its duty. Mr. G. felt but
little disposed to say anything on a question like
that; nor should he have Baid a word but for the
remarks of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Grasger.] He would, however, tell that gentle-
man that, whatever he might suppose to influence
the members of the Administration on questions
of this kind; yet if a war came, whether foreign, !
domestic, o;- otherwise, the friends of the Admin-
istration would be found as ready and as willing \
to protect the Government and their fellow-citi-
leiitas any of the gentlemen of the opposite side.
The time might Vet come vrheñ the country "would
see which would and which would not be ready
and willing to step forward in her defense.
With regard to the resolution, he hoped it would
be adopted immediately. He did not.know that
it was actually necessary, for, if the Commissary
General, or the person authorized to issue rations,
had acted as Mr. G. would have done under the
same circumstances, he had not waited for any
preliminary action on the part of the Government.
If the necessities of the inhabitants demanded it,
he should, without consulting any Department of
the Government,promptly have dealt out to them,
trusting to the magnanimity and liberality of the
Government for his vindication. The case, how-
ever, would be hopeless should this resolution be
delayed 01 rejected. The knowledge of such a
disposition of it would reach that section of the
country in a short time, and the consequence
would be, that those who had charge of the public
supplies there would refuse all aid; for they would
say Congress had refused them the power; or, if
they did, they must do it at their own expense.
He hoped, therefore, that there would be no
further delay. There could be no necessity for
postponing it. It was a plain question which
needed no time for reflection, and he feltperfectly
satisfied, in his own mind, conflicted with no pro-
vision of the Constitution.
Mr. BOND had no recollection (he said) of any
communications to the House on the subject of
this loan, and he should be glad to know what
thev were.
Mr. WHITE,of Florida, rose again, (he said,)
not to protract the debate, but to appeal to those
gentlemen who intended voting for the resolution
todo sowithoutfurtherdiscussion. Hehadhoped
this was one of the very last subjects on which a
debate could have been gotten up. He would say
of the Government, that since the war had broken
out, every measure which could be taken by the
Government had been taken by the President and
by the Secretary of War. This was a matter of
justice which he took pleasure in stating. But,
with respect to the war itself, he begged to say
that the people of Florida had, in no manner, any
connection whatever with it. It was a war grow-
ing entirely out of a treaty made by the Govern-
ment with the Seminole Indians, for their removal
west of the Mississippi. A complaint was made
by the Indians, and the Government gave them
another year, which agreement those Indians re-
fused to abide by, and thus commenced this war
upon the defenseless inhabitants of Florida. Mr.
W. then again reiterated the desolations com-
mitted by the Indians, and referred to the case of
the Michigan boundary, which was a strong pre-
cedent, for it embraced the operation of this res-
olution under a general law for suppressing hos-
tilities.
Mr. TURRILL did not rise to discuss this
subject, but merely to mane a few remarks, that
he might be dist.nctly understood in the vo'.e he
was about to give. With the honoiable gentle-
man from Florida, he sincerely hoped that a party
discussion would notagain grow out of any prop-
osition similar to the one before the House. Such
a discussion was at all times to be deprecated,
and it waa to be hoped that the honorable gentío- ;
nipn hereafter would not adopt a course calculated
to provoke such a discussion. If I understand
him correctly, (said Mr. T.,) the honorable gen-
tleman commenced his remarks by saying that,
whatever may have been thefaultof Government,
it was evident that now wa>> not the time to
inquire into the causes which have produced the |
unfortunate state of things in Florida. Ho be-
lieved, however, that it was due to his constit-
uents that the inquiry should be made; but that
inquiry ought tobe left for another occasion; and,
sir, (said Mr. T.,) for the last two or three days,
whenever this subject has been before the House,
the honorable gentleman haa repeatedly stated,
and with great emphasis too, that the citizens of ■
Florida have been placed in their present unfor-
tunate situation by the acts of this Government,
and without any fault of their own. Mr. T. said,
if he voted for the resolution, he should not do so
because he believed the Executive justly charge-
able with any, the slightest omission of duty, or
because he supposed the.citizens of Florida had j
any peculiar claims.
I     Mr. WHITE explained.    He did not say that
i any fault rested with the Government or its De-
partments. He said they had taken «very meas-
ure they could since the hostilities had broken
out. He was not prepared to speak of anything
before that; but that it was due to his constituents
that investigation should be made.
Mr. TURRILL said, that after what had fallen
from the honorable gentleman from Florida, dur-
ing this debate, taken in connection with the at-
tack made by his colleague [Mr. Granger] upon
the Administration, if he were to vote for the res-
olution without giving any explanation, it might
be construed into a tacit admission that there
was some foundation for the charges which have
been preferred against the Executive Department
of the Government. Mr. T. felt as much sym-
pathy for the unfortunate sufferers as the honor-
able gentleman from Florida, and would go as
far as any gentleman to extend to them that
prompt and efficient relief which their peculiar
situation demands, but he should not vote forthe
resolution, because he supposed that the Gov-
ernment was in fault, or because he believed the
situation of the citizens of Florida to be such as
to place them in a relation to the Government
different from that of all other pioneers along our
western frontiers, whose spirit of enterprise has
stimulated them, with the hope of gain, to press
their settlements into the wilderness, where sav-
age tribes-still linger. They locate with a full
knowledge of the hardships and privations, of the
difficulties and dangers they have to encounter;
they are all alike entitled to the protection of the
Government, and the «itizens of Florida had no
peculiar claims over other pioneers.
Mr. T. said the House ought not to act upon
the impulse of the moment without some inves-
tigation. He apprehended that the true state of
things in Florida was not correctly understood.
He believed that the numerical strength of the
hostile force was greatly overrated. It would be
found, that instead of having been remiss the Ex
ecutive had done more, much more than the exi-
gencies seemed to require. Long since, and
before any serious apprehensions were enter-
tained, even in Florida, that there would be any
hostile movements by the Seminóles, fourteen
companies of regular troops were placed at the
disposal of General Clinch. In addition to this
that officer was authorized by the President to call
upon the Governor of Florida for any force which
might be necessary to meet any emergency, and
by a prompt and decisive blow to put an effect-
ual termination to hostilities, should the Indians
attempt to make war upon the inhabitants. Or-
ders had also been given to call upon the Gov-
ernors of Georgia, Alabama, and South Carolina,
for any additional force that might be required
The time has been when seven hundred undisci-
plined militia, under a skillful commander, con-
tended successfully against this very tribe of In-
dians; and Mr. T. said, from the best information
he could obtain, he was satisfied that at the battle
of Withlacoochie there were troops enough in
sight to have gained a decisive victory—a victory
which would have put an end to the war; but, for
some cause or other, the militia did not cross the
small creek which separated them from the battle-
ground. They remained idle spectators of the
bloody contest. There has (said Mr. T.) been no
fault, I repeat—no omission of duty on the part
of the Executive; all has been done, and more
than cortld have been expected or required. If
censure is merited, it must rest elsewhere, and not
on the Executive. In voting for the resolution,
he would do so, because he believed that the relief
asked for should be granted in all cases where
citizens have been expelled from their homes, and
made penniless by any hostile force.
Mr. HARPER could not permit himself to
doubt that this resolution would pass unani-
mously, and he was astonished thatanything like
party discussion should have grown out of such
a subject as this. He would not stop to inquire
who was right or who was wrong. Precedents
were numerous; and it was only yesterday that
they passed a bill to pay a man in Virginia for a
barn which had been destroyed in the late war.
He referred to this case the more because it was
the most recent, and to draw the attention of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Pattok] to it.
