im*.
m$ üommmmAü mom
15?
their liberties were invaded, they did "not Tount l
the cost of defending; them. They met the crisis |
like men worthy to be free, and staked upon its '
issue then- lives, their fortunes, and everything i
dear to man this side the grave.                              i
The petitioners do not come here to ask of Con-
gress to honor the memory of a distinguished
«on of Connecticut because the State is unwilling
and unable to do it, but because they believe it
belongs to Congress. He was not in the service
of the State; he was not defending his native
soil; he was in the service of the country, and
in that service periled and lost his life. The
State has erected a monument in honor of those
brave men who were massacred on the heights of
Groton, after a most gallant defense.
Lmove the reading of the petition and docu-
ment, and that they be referred.
The motion was agreed to.
SUFFERERS IN FLORIDA..
The joint resolution from the House of Rep-
resentatives, authorizing the President of the
United States to cause rations from the public
stores 'o be delivered to the sufferers in Florida
who have been driven from their homes by the
Indian hostilities, was read the first time  and or-
dered to a second reading; and.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, and by unani-
mous consent, the resolution was then passed
through its second and third readings, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House were Sev-
erally read twice, and referred to appropriate com-
mittees:
A bill for the relief of James Tilford,
A bill for the relief of Pierce and Van Voorhees;
A IhH for the relief of Joseph Cooper;
A bill for the relief of Thomas F. ToWtirieyi
A bill forthe relief of the heirs of Franzoni and
Jardella.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
William Findtay;
A bill for the relief of Marinus W. Gilbert;
A bill for the relief of Riohard Hardcrsty;
A bill for the relief of David Bartlett;         <
A bill for the relief of William Baker, of New-
York.
A bill for the relief of Doctor William Baker,
of the District of Columbia;
A bill fot the relief of Daniel Whitney;
A bill for the relief of Andrew Dodge;
A bill for the relief of Nathan R. Tatum;
A bill foi the relief of Benjamin F. Stickney;
' A bill fbr the relief of John McDonnell;
A bill for the relief of Henry Knowles, Sr.;
A bill for the relief of John Pofloek;
A bill for (he relief of Daniel Horaans;
A bill for the relief of Owen-Riee and others,
representatives Of Jacob Eyeriy;
A bill for the relief of Lieutenant Washington
Sea well;
A bill for the relief of ttuss and Roach;
A bill for the relief of Jan* Taylor and child-
ren;
A bill for the relief of the reprosentatirea of
Willie Blount;                   '      I                               1
A bill for the relief of Laurentius M. Eiler;     '
A bill for the relief of Moses Bliss;
A bill for the relief of David S. Campbell;
A bill for the relief of Saunders and Riitnam;
A bill for the relief of the executors of Charles
Wilkins;
A bill for the relief of Stephen Chittenden;      !
A bill for the relief of Jaco!  B. Gilbert;
A bill for the relief of Joel Sartain; arid
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Thomas Beauchim;
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.                !
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
jncrce, to which liad been referred the bill for the
relief of Christopher T. Ealy, reported the same
without amendment.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which the same had been refer-
red, reported, with amendments, the bill for the
relief of Duncan S. Clinch, which were read.      [
On motion by Mr. KING, of Georgia, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, to which had been
referred the petition of Jannet Taylor, niece and
heir of Commodore Paul Jones, mored that the
"committee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, and that it be referred to the
Departmentof State; which motion was agreed to,
Mr. MANGUM, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which had been referred the memorial
of sundry hardware merchants of Philadelphia,
praying for the repeal of certain provisoes in the
tariff act of 1830, in relation to the duties on hard-
ware, reported a bill fdrthat purpose; which was
read, and ordered to a «second reading.
Mr. MOORE,from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to Which'the same had been re-
ferred, reported unfavorably Qn the petition of
Everaiid Mead and' Ephraim Whitaker.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judierary, to which was referred-the bill to estab-
lish the territorial government of Wisconsin, re-
ported the same with amendments; which were
read.
RESOLUTION   SUBMITTED.
Mr. GOLDSBOROCGH submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which lies on the table one day:
Remti-ed, That the President of the United States Ik re-
quested to communicate to tin: .Senate an} m.ormatioii that
may be in lug po-se^^on relating to dip orijun and causes of
theeti«tni£ivar m Florida with the Seminole Indian-; ami,
also, any other intelli "nee in relation to the sama th it hp
maj have it in his power to give, and may tlnnk use ml to
imparl.
NATIONAiL DEFENSE.
The special order of the day, being the bill to
regulate the deposits of the public moneys, was
announced by the Chair, when,
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, it was post-
poned till to-morrow, and the Senate took up the
resolution submitted by Mr. Benton for appro-
priating the surplus revenue to the national de-
fense.
Mr. BUCHANAN, who had the floor, ad-
dressed the Senate until a late hour, when, with-
out concluding, he gave way to
Mr. CLAYTON, on whose motion the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES..
Mondat, February 1,1836.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the unfinished business of last Monday, being
the question of the reception of a petition pre-
I sented by Mr. Cushing, of Massachusetts, prav-
| ing the abolition of slavery and the slave trade
in the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMMOND (who  was entitled to the
, floor) addressed the House. He said that when
he had made the motion for the preliminary
question of reception, it was done with the hope
and expectation that the question might have
' been taken without debate; but from what had
taken place on last petition day it must be obvi-
ous that debate was inevitable.    When the gen-
1 tleman from Massachusetts presented his peti-
tions, he prefaced them with an argument, and it
was evident that there would be no more aboli-
tion petitions presented, unless accompanied by
a preliminary speech; and he thought it would
facilitate business by saying all that they had to
say at once. The gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Ccshinc,] had enlarged upon the constitu- '
tional right of petition; and he concurred in the
gehtlcman's views on that point. He said it was
not his object to argue against the right of the
i people to assemble and petition Congress. They
had assembled, and their petitions had been pre-
1 sented, and the House was in full possession of
their contents. The petitioners had done their
duty, and it devolved upon the Housr to do its
duty. The House can refuse to receive theni;
can receive and report upon them, or can lay
them on the table. They can do either of the
three without infringing upon the sácred right of
petition. If they receive them, however, they
would become apart of the records of the House;
and he therefore called upon the House to refuse
to receive and enrol them. He did so because
he believed the petitioners asked Congress to do
what was unconstitutional. There was no dif-
ference between taking from the southern people
their slaves, and taking from them their property.
The Constitution guarantied to them both their
property and their slaves; and if it had not done
so, the Constitution never could have Been adopt-
ed; if it had even been avowed, that it was the
object to abolish slavery in the District, it could
hot have been adopted.
Ev^n supposing the spirit of the Constitution
to be dead, Mr. H. could not perceive how gen-
tlemen could distort the meaning of legislation,
so as to give Congress the power to abolish sla-
very in the District of Columbia. Legislation
was intended to protect property, not to destroy
it; to protect life and lilierty, and not to destroy
them. It was a palpable usurpation to take away
any one of these. He objected to the reception
of these petitions, because they were not only
dangerous to the interests of the people he repre-
sented , but ruinous to all the interests of the Con-
federacy. It had been said by some on that floor,
that there were but very few Abolitionists at the
North; and others had said that the excitement
was tremendous. But to show the House that
there were considerable numbers of them there,
he would exhibit some of the pamphlets and tracts
which lie had been honored with, by those soci-
eties in the northern States. It would be recol-
lected that there had been but one day on which
those petitions were presented to the Ho-ise,and
on that day their numbers amounted to fifty-eight,
signed by some six or eight thousand individuals.
There were at thepresent time, he believed, about
three hundred and fifty societies in the northern
States, and all these societies had spruno-up since
1833.
Mr. H. here exhibited various documents of
the anti-slavery societies, such as newspapers,
tracts, pamphlets, almanac?, school books, prints,
&c, showing that they must at leastbe possessed
of considerable wealth, if not of great numbers.
He said it was apparent, from one of the extracts
which he read, that it was the intention of the
Abolitionists to connect themselves with some
political party; but he did not ehirge them with
being connected with any political party in that
House. His colleague (he said) had been at-
tacked for saying that Dr. Channing had been
playing a second part to an Irish demagogue; but
lie would say more: he would say that he played
a second part to Dr. Coxc, Arthur Tappan, and
the notorious Thompson, in calumniating the
vnuhern people, and in mrh ttrnper as was un-
worthy of a gentleman and a divine. He begged
pardon for using strong language, but when he,
in common with the southern people, liad been
attacked and slandered, he must express the just
indignation of an honest heart. Slavery (he said)
might be an evil, but it was an evil which the
southern people were willing to endure. With-
out it their lands would be useless. They could
not till them to any extent, nor W-ith any profit,
by any other labor than slave labor.
But Congress had no right to legislate on the
subject of slavery; and if ever the Government
dared to take it up and act on it, there would be
a civil war. If ever the proposition should come
into that House, while he was there, he would
not even remain to record hisvoteonit, but would
go home and preach and practice disunion. He
contended illatthe slaves were as happy apd as
contented a people as Were Upon earth, if left
alone; they had everything to make them so;
they had light work; were, generally speaking,
well fed—far better than a large majority of the
operatives of England. He did not know how
they would comparé with the operatives of the
North; but they had a plenty; and they were in ft
better situation than they could be in their own
tountry, even if they were sent there.
It had been said that families were separated
and sold, and sent to distant places; but it was n
mere flourish, and no truth in it. No southern
man, Who had any regard for liis reputation,
would dare to separate man and wife, except by
consent of themselves, or unless he was forced
to it from necessity; if he did, he would be truly-
disgraced; and the same might be said with regard
to the separation of parents and children. He
did not believe that there was half the amount of
separation of the southern slaves, that there Was
of the northern and eastern people by emigration
to the western States. Butsuppose the southern
'people would agree to emancipate their slaves,
what Would be the result? For that he would
refer the House to an account of a free colony in
Brown county, Ohio; which was nad, and waa
substantially, that their land, which had  been
