158
THE CONOftESSIOmAi- GhQW-
February I,
Dought for them, was in a very bad state of cul-
tivation, the timber «tupped off of it, tin ir houses
in a miserable condition, and that they v on. dt s
tituteof evuything like the comforts of ¡Ue He
would ask anotlui clas-of -Vbolit.onists whether
they could reconcile it to their consciences to see
the negiocs ot the South or of the North aspir-
ing to seals on that ilooi ' Would they wish to
see a black man occupying the Sptakcr's chair,
or to sec some Otlu lio v. ho might be gifted w ith
genius,graspingatthepiesidt ntial chan ' Would
they wish to ste suih a picture'
Mr H sdtd that upon the subject of abolition
the people of tin. southern States w ere umti d as
one man, aid weie prepaied -when the attack
should be made to roll back the tide. If he was
called upon to know what he desired, his answer
would be to suppress the abolition societies and
stop the crusade which was going on. Did free-
dom of sptech 01 freedom of the pi ess allow of
hcentiousness ' If a man in New York were to
say ot Ins neighbor what those papo.  say of the
southern people, would he not he indicted as n
slanderer' And if he wrote the slandcis would
he not be indicted as a hbeler' Then are not the
people of the South entitled to the same protection'
Tiiat had been ( stabhshed as a point of inter-
national law When Bonaparte calk d upon Eng-
land to suppress the slandcis which were in-
serted in the English puss, what did she do'
She indicted one of her editors, because he had
abused her greatest enemy. Then are not the
people of the South entitled to the same piotection
which was give to the Coisican usuiper.
The south in people, however, were prepared
to meet the cris.s w nen it should come, ai.d all
he asked was simply that the subject should be
kept out of the halls, of Congiess, he wished that
place to be a sanctuaiy of peace. He wished to
sit there and do the work of his constituents,
without being subject to the odious and insulting
language held by some of the Abolitionists. He
thought it the wisest and safest plan not to re-
ceive those petitions, so that they might not be
scandalized in their own halls of legislation, and
that he thought would not be evading any right
cither human or divine
Mr. HOLSEY then moved to lay the motion
under consideration on the table , which was
agreed to.
Mi. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved to sus-
pend the rules, so as to lay aside the other aboli-
tion petitions, and to commence with the call for
petitions and memorials with the Territories, and
rev erse the usual order. He said the House w ould
never reach the western States, if all these aboli-
tion petitions were to be discussed.
Air. MILLER called for the yeas arid nays, but
they were not 01 dered; and the question being then
taken by tellers, was decided in the affirmative—
ajes Ho, noes 50.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
proceeded w ith the call for petitions and memor-
ial .
Petitions and memorials were then presented by
Mr  SEVIER, of Arkansas,
Mr. JONES, of Michigan,
Messrs. HARRISON and ASHLEY, of Mis-
souri,
[Mr Harrison presented the petition of Alfred
George, praying compensation for a horse lost in
service during the difficulties with the Indians in
1832, the petition of sundry citizens praying for
a mail route fiom Jefferson City, in Missouri,
'rough the counties of Morgan, Benton, Polk,
Greene, and Barry, to Little Rock, in Arkansas
Territory, the petition of sundry citizens, pray-
ing for a mail routefromFul ton,Calla way county,
Missouri, to Pans, Momoe county.]
Messrs. LAWLER and LYON, of Alabama;
Messis. CASEY, REYNOLDS, and MAY, of
Illinois;
[Mr. Casey introduced a joint resolution of the j
Legislature of Illinois, praying that competent
engineeis of the United States corps may be ap-
pointed to make a survey of the Great Wabash i
river, to ascertain the probable amount that will <
be necessary to remove the obstructions to the
navigation of said river, and asking a donation in i
land to aid in said improvement, which, on his I
motion, was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands ]                                                           j
Mr. Reynolds presented a petition for a post
route from Paducah, in Kentucky, by Fort Mas-
sacie, to Fidiikfort, in Illinois; a petition for a
post route irom Carlinvillc to Carrollton, in Ilh-
nois, a, memorial fiom the General Assembly of
the State of Illinois, praying Congress to estab-
lish a commercial hospital at or near the mouth
of the Ohio, the petition of the Rev. Dr. Black-
burn, praying for the purchase of a section of
land for a seminary of learning, in the county of
Macupin, Illinois, the petition of James McRob-
erts, Esq , of Monroe county, Illinois, praying a
giant of land, under the true constiuction of tile
acts of Congress, for an improvement right; the
petition of Mi. Robert Seybold, of Madison
county, Illinois, praying a giant of land for his
residence in the Illinois country, pnor to the year
1783, and the memorial of the General Assembly
of the State of Illinois, praying pensions to be
given to all soldiers that served in the army prior
to the year 1795-, which, on motion by Mr. R ,
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr May presented a number of petitions,
praying for the establishment of additional mail
íoutcs in Illinois, also, the petition of a numbci
of the inhabitants of Peoria, Tulton, and Putnam
countie«, praying for the establishment of an
additional land office at Peoria, Ilhnois, also, a
joint resolution of the Legislature of Illinois,
asking that a corps of United States engineers be
detailed to make a survey of the Illinois river,
and an estimate of the expense necessaiy to
remove the obstructions to the navigation of said
river.]
Mi CLAIBORNE, of Mississippi, said, that
he held in his hand two papers, of some import-
ance to the country generally. One was a
memonal from certain Mingoes of the Choctaw
nation, íemaining in the limits of the State of
Mississippi, praying a grant of unappropriated
lands in lieu of thosa to which they say they
were entitled, under the fourteenth article of the
treaty of Dancing Rabbit creek, and of w Inch they
dcclaie they have,been unjustly depnved.
The other was a memoual or remonstianceof a
numerous and respectable portion of his constit-
uents, against the validity of these claims, de-
nouncing the whole pioceeding as fraudulent, and
calling on Congress to protect them m their settle-
ment and rights, and the counti y against the most
I stupendous fiaud that was ever set on foot.
I will not now, sir, pronounce any opinion on
the validity of these claims At a proper time I
shall consider it my duty and my privilege to do
so. I understand that additional memorials and
statements of facts are now being prepared on
both sides, and will shortly be submitted. I wish
the whole subject to go before the appropriate
committee, and must respectfully ask the House
not to prejudge the case. Let there be no ex parte
statements—no wholesale denunciations of fraud
Let justice be done to all parties. It is a mattci
in which we feel a, common interest. Whether
we consider the magnitude of the claim, the re-
spectability of the parties, or the deep, absorbing
inteiest felt in the State of Mississippi, the sub-
ject is alike worthy of a full and fair investiga-
tion. On one side arc these Choctaw claimants,
then agents and assignees, citizens of diffeient
States, of every political party, and many of them
gentlemen of the highest respectability, upon
whose integrity heretofore not one shadow' of
suspicion has ever rested, and who come here, not
shrinking fiom, but, as they say, seeking investi-
gation. On the other side are many of the settlers
of the State of Mississippi—a valuable class of
men, entitled to the highest ciedit, and claiming
justice at your hands. I acknowledge, sir, that
I have but a limited acquaintance with the subject.
I candidly confess, however, to the House, that
if I have any prepossession, any prejudice, any
conviction in the matter, it is against these claims.
Whether just or unjust, ¡f they be confirmed, the
fairest portion of Mississippi will be desolated;
the stability of property will be shaken; the tide
1 of prosperity will be rolled back, and hundreds
of my best constituents—the men who suppoit
their Government in peace, and fight its battles
in war—will be driven from their homes to, other
and distant lands. Mr. C. said he could not con-
template such a result without the deepest regrpt,
and he could not sanction any step going to pro-
duce it. But, sir, let the whole subject go to the
Committee on Indian Affairs—a committee whose
ability and experience, aided by its distinguished
chairman [Bell,] furnish a guai antee to the House
that the subject-matter will be ably and impar-
tially investigated. Mi C hoped the memorials
would be referred and printed
Mr. VINTON moved that these memorials
be referred to the Committee on Pi i vate Land
Claims.
Mr. CLAIBORNE rejoined, and urged the pro-
priety of the reference to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The question was put; and the House decided
to íefer them to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Messrs HANNEGAN.KINNARD,DAVIS,
MrCARTY, and CARR, of Indiana.
[Mr. Hannegvn presented the petition of Zeb-
ulon Sheets, asking relief fiom the effects of a
mistake in the entiy of certain lands, which was
referred to the Committee on Puvate Land
Claims. A petition for the establishment of a
mail íoute from Rockville,in Park county,by the
Narrows of Sugar creek, and Jacksonville, to
Hillsborough, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads A me-
morial from the President and Directors of the
Michigan City and Kankakee Railroad Company,
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. A petition asking an appropriation for the
construction of a harbor at the mouth of the St.
Joseph, on Lake Michigan, which was leferred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mi. Kinnard presented the petition of Aaron
Stout, a soldier of the late war, piaymg to be
allowed bounty land. Also, the petition of citi-
zens of Miami and Tulton counties, in the State
of Indiana, for the establishment of a post route
frod* Peru to Chippeway.]
Messrs. JOHNSON, GARLAND, and RIP-
LEY, of Louisiana,
Messrs. THOMSON, STORER, PATTER-
SON, JONES, KExNNON, CRANE, SLOANE,
HAMER, McLENE, WEBSTER, MASON,
VINTON, BOND, KILGORE, and WHIT-
TLESEY, of Ohio.
[Mr. Storer presented the proceedings of a
public meeting in Cincmniti, deprecating the
couise of the Abolitionists; which he moved be
received, and read.
Mr. Hammovd opposed the reception of the
proceedings. He should object to any mtei-
fcrence on this subject, -whether in favor of, or in
opposition to, the abolition of slavery.
Mr. Williams, of Kentucky, moved to lay
the preliminary question of reception on the
table, which was agreed to.]
[Messrs. Jones and Kiloore of Ohio presented
petitions praying the abolition of slavery and the
slave trade in the Distinct of Columbia; the recep-
tion of which was objected to, and the prelimi-
nary question of reception was laid on the table.
Mr. Patterson presented the petition of the
Mad River and Lake  Erie Railroad Company,
piaying for preemption rights on certain lands in
the State of Ohio; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, also, petitions for a mail
route from Paris, in Richland county, by Gam-
ble's Mills, Martin's Mills, and Lexington, to
Frederick, in Knox county, Ohio.
Mr. Hamer piesented petitions from citizens
of Ohio, praying for a branch of the national road
to run from "Columbus, Ohio, to Trankfoit, Ken-
tucky, also, remonstrances against any change
in the mail route from ZanesvilIe.Ohio, to Mays-
ville, Kentucky; also, a resolution asking the
establishment of a post route fiom Winchester to
West Union, in Adams county, Ohio.]
Messrs. PEYTON, STANDEFER, DUN-
LAP, CARTER, and the SPEAKER, of Ten-
UGSSGC
Mess'rs.WlLLIAMS,CALH0OV,GRAVES,
HA WES, ALL4.N, UNDERWOOD, JOHN-
SON, WHITE, BOYD,FRENCH,and CHAM-
BERS, of Kentucky,
Mr CLEVELAND, of Georgia,
Mr HAMMOND, of South Carolina;
Messrs. SHEPARD, McKAY, BYNUM.and
PETTIGREW, of North Carolina.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
On motion by Mr. BOON, it was
Retolved, That the Committee on the Po.t Office and
