160
THB CONGKBSSIQJíAfc CMBB.
February 2.
Mr CLAYTON presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of the State of Delaware, praying
that New Castle mny be made a port of entry.
Mr KING, of Alabama, presented a commu-
nication from the Mayor of the city of Mobile,
inclosing certain resolutions of fie City Councils
of that city, expressing their sympathy tor their
fellow-citizens who have suffered by the late ca-
lamitous fire in the city of New York, and asking
Congress to extend to the sufferers some relief,
which was referred to the Committte on Finance.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which had been referred the
fetition of the legal representatives of George
lurlbert, deceased, and the petition of the widow
and heirs of Gustavus B. Horner, deceased, re-
ported bills for their relief; which were seveially
read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. LEIGH, from the same committee, to
which had been referred the petition of the heirs
of Colonel William Douglass, deceased, rnpoi ted
a bill for their relief; which was also read and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. TYLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which had been referred
the memorial of the various corporations in the
District of Columbia, asking pecuniary relief,
made a report accompanied by a bill for their re-
lief, -which was read and ordered to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported, with amendments,
the bill for the continuation of the Cumberland
load, in Missouri; which was read.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH gave notice that he
would to-morrow ask leave to bring in a bill pro-
viding for the payment to certain States of their
claims for interest on their advances during the
late war.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mi LINN submitted the following resolutions;
which he on the table one day:
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Road  be in tructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the following po.n routes from Columbia, via
Rochelort, Boonville, Joneaboro', and Lexington, to Inde
peudencc, Missouri,
From Fajctte to lioonville ;
From Liberty to Fort Leaveawortb; and from Liberty to
Plattdbuifb, Clinton county.
Resolved, That the resolution adopted on the 7th of De-
cember labt, admitting certain public officers of the United
States, and others, to the floor of the Senate, as speuators,
be further amended by inserting the Inspectors General,
the Adjutant General, the Chief nf the Oidnance Depart-
ment, the Surgeon General, and the head of the Indian
Bureau
Mr. SOUTHARp submitted the following res-
olution, which hes on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Uio Navy be directed to
communicate to the Senate:                                             |
1   The present amount of the Navy hospital fund
2   The average annual receipts for that tund, in the pres
ent condition and extent of the Navy                                I
3  The number, situation, and exjentof the Navy hospital
estabh-hmeiits, and the quantity ot land connected with i
each of them                                                                  I
4   The amount which will be required to complete the
Naval Asylum at Philadelphia, and the hospitals at Charle-,
town, Massachusetts, New Vork, Norfolk, and Fensacola;
together with thp necessary and proper improvement  oi
the ground;, connected with cadi of them
5  The time within which those hospitals, establishments
and the necessary appendages thereto, and the improve'
Dienta ol the several lot-, on which they stand, may Ix com-
pleted, if sufficient money lor that purpose be appropriated
Mr. PRESTON submitted tho following reso-
lution; wJiich was considered and agreed to:
Restkid, That the communication from the President of
the United States to Congress, under date of the 6th ol
Februarj, 184), togctner B ith the accompany ingdocuments,
containing the evidence of cprrun claims to reservations
under the 14th article ot the treaty of 1830, with the Choc
taws, and pnntcd with document No. 138 of the House of
Hepresentauv es, be reterred to the Com«utt«e of the Senate
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CLAYTON suhmitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing marine hos-
pitals lor sick and dutressed seamen at Lewes, in the Stale
of Delan are
Mr. MANGUM submitted the following reso-
lution, which hes on tlie table one day.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Offic* and
Post Roads inquire into the expediency of eetablwbing •
post route from Loul-burg, North Carolina, by Lemny's
Cross Knids, Wilson Mcbaiie'sstore,YV>llbome'smeeting-
hou-e, Red Mountain, and Turney Mills, to ilillsboio', in
said State.
Mr. SOUTHARD submitted the following res-
olution, which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and he is
hereby, authorised to cause to be collected, arranged, and
printed the documents connected with the cession of the
District of Columbia to the United States; the parchase of
the lands therein by the Government from the original pro
pnetors, the adoption and execution of the plan of the city
of Washington, and the erection of the public buildings
therein; the laws passed by Congress in relation to said
Di-trict, and all such papers of a public character as relate
to a connection of said District with the Government of the
Lnited States
The resolution lying on the table, submitted by
Mr. Tyler, on the subject of the petitions for
the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, came up in its order, and, on motion of Mr.
Tyler, was laid on the table, wi order to allow
Mr. Buchanan, who had the floor on Mr. Ben-
ton's resolution, an opportunity of continuing
hisremaiks, Mi. Tyler giving notice that,he
should call up this resolution at the earliest o-p-
poitunity.
The remaining resolutions lying on the table
were then severally considered and agreed to.
NATIONAL DEFENSE.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the resolution introduced by Mr. Bentov For
appropriating the suiplus revenue to the national
defense.
Mr. BUCHANAN addressed the Senate at
considerable length, in continuation of hisremnrks
begun yesterday.   When he concluded,
Mr CRITTENDEN took the floor, and spoke
until the usual hour of adiournment; when,
On motion by Mr. MANGUM, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 2, 1836.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported various estimates
from the Departments for fortifications, dfcc ,
which were ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mi. GIDEON LEE, of New
the York, House suspended the i ule foi an houi,
for the purpose of calling the States not caILd
I yesterday for petitions, with the limitation that
| all petitions upon which any debate might ¿rise
should he over.                                                           i
Petitions and memorials were accordingly pre-
sented by
Mr. DEBERRY, of North Carolina;
Messrs. HOPKINS, MORGAN, MASON,
LOYALL, JOHNSON, GARLAND, CLAI-
BORNE, WISE, PATTON, MERCER, and
TALIAFERRO, of Virginia;
Messrs, WASHINGTON, HOWARD, and
THOMAS, of Maryland.
[Mr. Howarp presented resolutions of the
Mayor and City Councils of Baltimore, which
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
with instructions to inquire into the expediency
of establishing a navy-yard in said city 1
Mi. MILLIGAN, of Delaware;
Messis SUTHERLAND, McKENNON,
ASH, DARLINGTON, BANKS, MUHLEN-
BERG, GALBR \ITH, CHAMBERS, MANN,
WAGENER, LAPORTE, MILLER, HEN-
DERSO\, INGERSOLL, and DENNY, of
Pennsylvania.
On motion by Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania,
the petition and papers of William Kellar, of
Bedford county, Pennsylvania, an officer of the
late war, wounded in service, on the files of the
House, praying foi an inciease of his pension,
were referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
Mr. HARPER, of Pennsylvania, presented an
abolition petition fiom three hundred and sixty-
eigh t ladies of the city and county of Philadelphia;
which he moved be received.
• Mr. HAMMOND objected to its reception,and
moved to lay the preliminary motion on the table;
which was agreed to.
Messrs. CAMBRELENG, MANN, BROWN,
McKEON, CHAPÍN, PHILO C. PULLER,
GIDEON LEE, and TÜRRILL, of Neu York.
The SPEAKER announced that the hour set
apart for the reception of petitions had expired.
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, by consent, pre-
sented sundry petitions, which, together with the
foregoing, were appropi lately referí ed.
Mr. TURRILL piesentcd seven petitions,
signed by a large number of inhabitants of the
counties of Oswego, Oneida,and Jefferson, in the
State of New York, asking for an appropriation
to construct a, harbor at the mouth of Salmon
rivei, on Lake Ontario, also, a petition for the
construction of a harbor at the mouth of the river
St. Joseph, on Lake Michigan; a petition for the
construction of a harbor at the mouth of Eighteen
Mile creek, in Niagara county, New York, the
petition of Oliver Davis, for compensation for
services during the late war; of Satttrle Clark, for
services during the late war; of Job J. Campbell,
for services during the revoluuonary war; and of
Catharine Schuyler, asking compensation for the
services of her husband daring the revolutionary
war.
Mr. CHAPÍN presented the petition of divers
inhabitant  of the western part of New York,
asking an appropriation for the improvement of
the harbor at the mouth of Oak Orchaid creek,
on Lake Ontario.
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House addi-
tional testimony in the contested election in
North Carolina. Referred to the Committee of
Elections.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion by Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON.it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Po t Office and
Po t Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot
e tabh-hing a po-t route from We-ton, in the county of
Lewis, to Charleston, in the county Oi Kanawha, m the
State ot Virginia
On motion by Mr. JOSEPH J0HNS0N.it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in
structed to inquire mto the expediency of changing the time
oi holding the United States courts for the n e«t«"rn district
oi \ irgima, at Clarksburg.
On motion by Mr. McKIM, it was
Resohed, That the Committee for the District of Coluro-
■ bia inquire into the expediency ot prohibiting the sale of
I lojeij tickets of everj description within the District of
Columbia
On motion by Mr. WASHINGTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of reporting
a bill for the improvement ot Pennsylvania avenue, hy
paving or Macadamizing, from the War Department to its
western termination, and the erection of a substantial stone
bridge o\erRock Creek
On motion by Mr. TURNER, it was
Resohed, That the Committee   on Militar}   Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency o! making an ap-
piopnation tor the defense of Havre De Grace, in the State
of Maryland
On motion by Mr ROBERTSON, it was
I     Rcsolicd, That the claims of the heirs or representatives
of Benjamin Ilarn-on, deceased, deputy pa>ma-ter of the
-ouiheui army ot the Revolution, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims
On motion by Mi. DICKERSON, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency ol grant-
ing a pen-ion to Job Daniels, o New Jersey
On motion by Mr. PARKER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po-t Office and
Post Road- be instructed to inquire into the expedient ot
establishing the following post routes in the State of New
Jersey
Train Pnnceton, through Hightstown, to Freehold
From High-town, through Eningville, Clark bnnr, Ilor-
ner-town, Cassville, Charleston, Simthfield, to Freehold,
and back
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot
establishing a post route from Philadelphia, through Cam-
den, Burlington, High-town, and South Amboj, in New
Jersej, to the city ot New Y oik
On motion by Mr. CHAMBERS, it was
Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
limiting the term of prosecuting suits against the sureties
of deceased, resigned, or removed public officers, or any
bend or other security to the United States
On motion by Mr. HEISTÉR, u was
Res lved, That the Committee for the District of Cojum
but be instructed to inquire into the expediency of amend
ing the penal laws ot the said District, so as more effectually
to supp lbs the practice oí gambling within tu° same
On motion by Mr. POTTS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
