162
THE C0NOOES6ÍONJVL GIK)BE.
February 3,
Mr. SWIFT, from the Committee on Claims, i
to  vlneh  h-d  been  ícferrcd   the  bill fiom  the
House for the relief of D   W Wlutnev, íepoited
the sinii" \\ ithout amendment
Air. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to which the subject had been
referred, reported a bill authorizing the purchase
of the stock in the Louisville and Portland Canal,
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
DISTRICT BANKS.
Air. TYLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which the petitions of the
Bank of Columbia and the Bank of Alexan-
dria, asking an extension of their charters, was
referred, ieported a bill to extend said charters
for three years to enable said banks to wind up
their affaiis; which was read, and oidered to a
second reading, and
On motion by All TYLER, and by unanimous
consent, read a second time and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, on leave, introduced a
bill authorizing the University of Michigan to
convey to William Oliver certain lands therein
mentioned
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform the Senate what part cular balances of former
appropriations enter into, and mike up, the unexpended
balance remaining in the Treasury on the 1st of January,
18Jo
Mr   TOMLINSON submitted the following
• resolution; which was considered, and agreed to
Retohed, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct
ed to inquire into the expediency of making a further np
propnation to preserve Fairwcather 1 land and Clack Rock
harbor, on the northerly sid¿ of Long I-lan J Sound
On motion by Mr. SOUTHARD, the resolu-
tions presented by him yesterday, fiom the Legis-
lature of New Jersey, instructing their Senators
to vote for expunging certain resolutions fiom
the Journal of the Senate, were ordeted to be
printed.
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
On motion by Mr. CLAY, the resolution sub-
mitted by him from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, calling on the Department of State for
certain documents connected with our French
relations, was takenup; when
Mr. KING, of Georgia, submitted the follow-
ing amendment:
Resohed, also, That the President be requested to com
mumcatetothcBcnate, an analytical abstract of tlie awards
ot the commissioners under the convention wnli Trance,
of July 4, 1831, with the amounts respectiv-ly an arded to
each category lor which indemnification was icknow lodged
to be doe by Mr Dumon, in his report to tin" French Cham
ber of Deputies on the 28th March, 183o
Resolved further, That the President b-> requested to
cauee an estimate to be furnished to t'ic S-'ntt -lio v ng
the probable advantages alreadj derive dbv Trine fnm the
execution of the treaty of July 4,1831, on the rnrt of flic
United States, and also under the laws ot the Lnited
Suites favoring French commerce
Resohedfurther, 1 hat the President cause to bo com
imimeated to the Senitc any ln'brmation, under the tont ol
of the Executive, on the subject of dioeuminating duties
impewed by France unfavorable to the commerce ol the
United States
Mr. CLAY accepted this amendment as a
modification of his resolution; and the resolution
thus modified was agreed to.
ADVANCES   TO THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH, on leave, introduced
a bill providing for the payment to certain persons
of interest on advances made by them during the
late war; which was read twice and referred.
CALEB STARK
Mr. HUBBARD, on leave, introduced a bill
for the relief of Caleb Stark; which was also
read twice and referred.
TERM OF OFFICE.
The bill to repeal the first and second sections
of the act to limit the term of office of cei tain
officers therein named, and for other purposes,
was read the third time and passed—yeas 93,
nays 20, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Black, Calhoun, Clav, Clayton, Davis,
Ening of Ohio, Gold-borough, Kent, King of Georgia,
Leigh, McKcan, Manjrum, Moore, Naudain, Porter, Pren-
tiss Preston, Robbins, Southard, Svv lfl, Tomlmsoo, Tjler, ¡
and W! itc—33
\ \\ ¡5~Mc—r« Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbort, Ewing of
Illiuoi-, Giundj, Hendnck , Hill, Hubbard, King ot Ala    ,
btnit,  Knigut, Linn,  Morn ,  Nile-, Uolmi-on,  Rugglc*,   .
Shepley, iallmadge, Tipton, Wall, and Wright—20             '
BILLS PASSED.                              1
The following bills were also severally read
the third time and passed:
The bill for the relief of Peter H. Green and
William Emerson.
The bill in addition to the act for the better
organization of the district courts of the United
States for the District of Alabama.
The resolutions directing certain experiments
to be tried at the Mint, to determine how far it is
practicable to prevent the debasement of the gold
and silver coins of the United States; and
The resolution authorizing the temporary em-
ployment of additional clerks in the Patent Office.
,                          NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. WRIGHT gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill in addition
to the act to provide more effectually for the set-
tlement of the accounts between the United i
States and the receivers of the public moneys,
approved March 3, 1797
RESOLUTIONS.                              '
Mr. HILL submitted the following resolution,
which lies on the table one daj
Resolved, That the Pr&ident cause to be communicated
to the Senate, so far as were may be information in the
I Department ot State, the number ind amount of claims for
spoliations presented to the Commissioners under the
French treaty of 1831, which wire rejected, and the rea-
sons for said objection
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
I tion; which was considered and agreed to-
Resohed, That the President be requested to cause the
Senate to be informed of all the measures taken by the Ad
nuni-uition to suppress the Indian hostilities in Florida,
and, also, to communicate all tlie information in hi  power
relative to the cau^e of those hostilities
NATIONAL DEFENSE.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the resolution of Mr
| Benton for appropriating the surplus revenue to
the national defense.
Mr. MANGUM, who was entitled to the floor,
rose and addressed the Senate on the subject, and
continued his remarks till the usual hour of ad-
journment, when, without having concluded, he
gave way to
Mr. TYLER, on whose motion the Senate ad- )
journed.     _________________________
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 3, 1836.
On motion by Mr. HUNT, the rule was sus-
pended for one houi, for the puipose of calling
those States for petitions not heretofore called
during the present week.
Petitions and memorials were then presented
by Messrs HUNT, G1LLET, WARDWELL,
CRAMER, MASON, HAZELTINE, HARD,
WARD, LOVE, CAMBRELENG, HUNT-
INGTON, LEONARD, CHAPÍN, and> RUS-
SELL, of New York;
Mi. ALLEN, of Vermont, presented an aboli-
tion petition from sundry inhabitants of Vermont,
which ho moved be received.
[Mr. Patton objected to the reception of the
petition, and the prchminaiy motion of íeception
ivas laid on the table.]
Mcssis. INGHAM and JUDSON, of Connec-
ticut,
All. PEARCE, of Rhode Island;
Messrs. PHILLIPS, GRENNELL, LAW-
RENCE, BORDEN, and REED, q{ Massachu-
I setts.
Mr. BORDEN presented a memorial, praying
the abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia;
I     [Mr. Patton objected to its reception, and the
preliminary question was laid on the table.]
, Messis. JACKSON and ADAMS, of Massa-
chusetts, presented similar petitions, to the recep-
tion of winch objection was made, and the pre-
liminary question of reception was laid on the
table;
Messrs. EVANS, HALL, SMITH, and MA-
SON, of Maine
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolution, submitted yesteiday
by Mr. Turrill, was considered and a¿ieed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be rcquc steil to
communicate to this House, It in possesion ot the War
Dcpirtment, a copy of the t-urvey, plan, and ebtimates for
the conduction ol a ship canal, to connect the water- of
Lake Ene and Lake Ontario, or anj information he may
possess in relauon thereto
On motion by Mr. HUNT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Itoads be instructed to inquire into the exp diency
and propriety of reducing the pre-ent rate ot postage upon
all pamphlets not published periodical!}
On motion by Mr. GILLET, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency ol allowing to
Jacob Redingion, of Madrid, New York, his paj us a ri vo
lutionary p nsioner from the time his name was stricken
from the pension roll, in 1820, to the Uruc he v, as restored,
in 1828
On motion by Mr. EVERETT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire tuto the expediency ot allowing
Captain Benjamin Durkcc, in officer ot the revolutionary
army, commutation pay under the re¡>ol\c of Congress of
1780
On motion by Mr. EVERETT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of allowing to Sam-
uel Clcavclanil, Jr , a soldier of the late war, bounty lands.
On motion by Mr. EVERETT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a pen-ion agency at Windrose, in the State ot Ver-
mont, for the payment of all pensioners resident in the
counties of Windham, Windion, Orange, Caledonia, and
Essex, and of providing that such agency shall provide for
the payment ot pensioners resident in said counties of Cal-
edonia and Essex, at Danville, in said county of Cale-
donia
On motion by Mi. EVERETT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire mt  the expediency ot making an
appropriation for the survey of a railroad from Hartford,
Connecticut, through the State ot Connecticut, to the Can-
ada hne.
On motion by Mr. JANES, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into tlie expediency of plac-
ing the names of James Curnmings, Benjamin l'arkhurst,
Daniel Hamny, and Eleazer Denny, on the roll of revoJu
tionary pensioners
On motion by Mr. INGHAM, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an appro
pnation for improving the harbor, and removing the bar at
the mouth of the Connecticut nver, in the htate of Con-
necticut, and that the papers relating to that subject, now
on file in the Clerk's office, be rtfeired to the same com
mittee
On motion by Mr. JUDSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen=ions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot granting a
pennon to Benjamin Coit, of Norwich, Connecticut, who
served in the war of the Revolution
On motion by Mr. JUDSON, it was
Jleso'pt(i,That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be m-tructcd to inquire into the expediency ot gnntinjf a
pension to David Walden, a soldier in tlie continental army
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be ln-tract
ed to inquire into tlie expediency of placing a beacon on
tiie south White Rock, ard a buoy on Charley'  Rock, near
the harbor of Wiekford, in the State of RUodi I-lamí
On motion by Mi. LINCOLN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po-t Office aüd
Po-t Road  be instiuetcd to inquire into the ixpedioncj of
estibliahing a mail route from Worcester, in tlie i-titc of
Ma-sachusuts, by the way of Charlton and Southbridge
to Tolland, in the fetate ot Connecticut
On motion by Mr  CUSHMAN, it was
Rcsohei, That the Committee on Nival Affairs be m
struued to inquire into the expediency of making in appro
pnation for the purpose of erecting one or more  harves
at the navy yard, Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
On motion by Mr. HOAR, it was
Resohed, Tint the Committee on Military Affair ! be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety and expediency of
allowing to Mary Coburn, late of the State or Maine, de
cea-ed, the halfpav prrmded for officers and soldier- by
the first section of the act of Congress, passed 16th ot Ipni,
1816, chapter fifty five.
On motion by Mr. JARVIS, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Po t Office and
Roads be instructed to inquire into the exp dicnev ot estab-
lishing a post route from Donnyville, throuali Chariot"*!
Cooper, and Baring, to Calais, in the state o> Maine
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, it was
Resohed, That the Committi e on the Post Office ami fo«
