1886,.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lWiing a post route from Saco to Salmon Falls, in Hollis; !
thence to the Bar mills ; thence to Moderation Falls, in
Buckston : thence to Bonny, Eagle Falls,in Hollis: thence
to Steep Falls, in Slandisli, and thence to EastBaldwin,in
the State of Maiue.
On motion by Mr. PARKS, it was
Jtesaiici, That a committee of five members be appointed
to inquire whether any modifications are required in the
patent laws, and whether any further accommodations are
necessary for the reeepnon and preservation of models.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, by the rules, lies over one day:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, if not incompatible
with the public interest, a copy and translation ot the act
of the Legislative Chambers of France, making appropria-
tions for carrying into effect the indemnity stipulated for
claims of citizens of the United States by the treaty of the
4th of July, 1831; and also copies of all toe communications
from the French Government and their representatives in
the United States, in relation to the eiecution of that treaty,
in the French language.
Mr. SMITH, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution:
Resoleeá, That the letter of the late Hon. W. T. Barry,
formerly Postmaster General of the United States, received
by the Speaker of the House of Representatives at the last
session of" Congress, on the last day of said session, be takrn
from the files of theílou e, laid upon the table, and printed.
Mr. WHITTLESEY moved to lay the resolu-
tion on the tahle.
Mr. SMITH called for the yeas and nays on
the motion; which were ordered, and were as fol-
lows:
YEAS —Messrs. Chilton Allan, Hem an Allen, Ashley,
Banks, Bond, John Calboon, Carter, George Chambers,
Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Clark, Corwin, Crane, Davis, De-
berry, Droingoole, Evans, Everett, Rice Garland, Graham,
Granger, Graves. G.-ayson, Griffin, Hiland Hall, Hard,
Hardin, Harlan. Harper, Hazeltinc, Hcister, Howell, Hunt,
Ingersoll, Jane?-, Henry Johnson, Lawrence, Lay, Luke
Leu, Lincoln,Loyall, Sampson Mason, McKay, Mcivennan,
Mercer, Milligan, Morns, l'atton, James A. Pearce, Phillips,
Reed, Robert.-on, Russell, William B. Shepard, Sloane,
Spangler, Steele, Storer, Taliaferro, Underwood, Vinton,
White, Whittlesey, Lewis Williams, Sherrod Williams, and
Wise—65.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Anthony, Ash, Barton, Beale,
Bean, Beaumont, Boon, Borden, Bovee, Boyd, Briggs,
Brown, Bunch, Burns, Bynum, William B. Calhoun. Cam-
breleng, Campbell, Carr, Casey, Chaney, Chapman, Chapín,
JohnF. H. Claiborne, Coffoe, Connor, Craig, Cramer, Cush-
man, Denny, Dickerson, Dickson, Fairfield, Farlm, Fores-
ter, Fowler, French, Fry, Philo C. Fuller, William K.
Fuller, GalbraitlijJauics Garland, Gillet, Glascock, Grant-
land, Haley, Joseph Hall, Hanier, Hannegan, Samuel S.
Harrison, Albert G. Harrison, Hawes, Hawkins, Haynes,
Henderson, Hoar, Hopkins.Hubley.Huntington, Hunt-:man,
Joseph Jackson. Jams, Joseph Johnson, Cave Jolm<-on,
Benjamin Joned,hj(gore, Kinnard, Lane. Lansing, Laportc,
Lau'Ier, Gideon Lee, Leonard, Logan, Love, Abiiali Maun,
Job Mann, Manning, Martin, John Y. Mason, William Ma-
son. Mo^es Ma on, Maury, May, Met'arty, McKeon, Mc-
Kini, McLene, Miller, Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Muh-
lenberg, Page, Parker, Parks, Patterson, Dutee J. Pearce,
Pettigrew,Pcyton,Phelps, Pinckney, John Reynolds, Joseph
Reynold-, Ripley, Roane, Rogers, Schenek, Seymour, Au-
gustine H. Hhepperrf. Shield , Shinn, Pmilh, Spraguc, Stan-
defer, Su.lieiland, Tay!or,Thomas, John Thomson.Toueey,
Towns, Turner, TurnlJ, Vanderpoel. Wazcner, and Ward
«ell—128.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The hour of one having arrived, the further
consideration of the resolution was arrested.
SPECIAL ORDERS.
The SPEAKER announced the special order;
but
On motion by Mr. BRIGGS, andby unanimous
consent, the House determined to dispose of sev-
eral bills from the Senate.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate, were read
twice and committed:
A bill providing for the increase of the corps ot
. engineers, and for other purposes; and,
A bill for the better organization of the corps of
topographical engineers.
TERMS OF OFFICE.
A bill from the Senate to repeal the first and
second sections of the act to limit the term of
office of certain officers therein named, and for
other purposes, was read twice.
A motion having been made by Mr. MANN,
of New York, to refer the bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary,
Mr. BELL said this.vas a subjeet of very great
importance to the country, and demanded the
most serious consideration of the American Con-
gress. He saw no peculiar fitness in committing
this bill to any of the standing committees of the
House; and he should move to refer it to a select |
' committee, as he wished the question to undergo
', the most serious and elaborate examination.    It
wasa most extraordinary fact, that, notwithstand-
ing that House was the popular branch of the
Legislature, yet, by the operation of its rules, and j
the  construction and decisions put upon them,
no opportunity was afforded to any one member
of the  House to bring forward a resolution or
proposition upon which he could express his own
views.    These  were new days, and a new era. !
He did not know that he could trace it back; but
he had also consulted older members; and never
before was it known in the popular branch of the
Legislature that everything was ruled down as it
now was, by forms and decisions upon the rules.
, No opportunity was afforded for the consider-
ation of great and fundamental principles, and
they could only be got at indirectly.   Mr. B. had '
himself held a proposition of this description in
Ilia drawer for the last six or seven weeks, but no
opportunity had presented.    Mr. B. extended his
complaint upon the present operation of the rules.
I It was discussion, light, that was wanted by the
, country; and he hoped an opportunity would be
i afforded to the minority to express their views.
i Therefore, to test the sense of the House, he
I moved that the bill be committed toa select com-
mittee.
'     Mr. ADAMS hoped the motion of the gentle-
i man from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] would prevail.
Nothing but the consciousness of the time which
he had occupied in the House had prevented him
from making the same motion.    He agreed with
the gentleman from Tennessee, that this was a
most important subject.    He had seen it stated
in a morning paper that  this  bill proposed to
amend the Constitution.     He viewed   it as  an
attempt to alter the Constitution.    It should be
I discussed to the utmost extent, and decided upon
, in the most mature deliberation.   He should vote
to refer the bill to a select committee.
Mr. HAMER did not agree with the senti-
ments expressed by the two gentlemen who had
just addressed the House, that this bill should j
go to a select committee.   A great deal had been I
said in the House during the present session with j
regard to the appropriate duties of the various j
committees of the House, and if any gentleman
would take the trouble to turn to the rules, he I
would perceive,  that when  a proposition  was '
made to change a law, which involved a consti- !
tutional question, proposing to  repeal existing ;
laws, and substitute others in their place, it ought
Íroperly to go to the standing Committee on the ,
udiciary.   What did this bill propose?   Was it
not a bill, as had been remarked, of the utmost
( importance to the people of this country, pro-
j posing  to change laws that  had been long in
i existence?    If gentlemen  were  so  exceedingly
| desirous to get up a report of a partisan character,
j or of a political character, either the majority or ¡'
the minority of the select committee might ad-
vance all their doctrines in a speech.   There had
been precedents for this during the present session,
' as well as previously.
Mr. H. did not well understand the  lectures
delivered there from day to day, upon the subject
of the rules of the House.    It was said by the :
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] that by j
the present construction of the rules, and by the <
decisions of the Chair, and the majority of the
House, no opportunity was afforded  of discus- '
sing great pnuciples.   This was a strange senti-
ment.    Why, what  had  they been  doing  the
whole of the session but discussing great princi-
ples ?   Congress had been in session something
like two months, and they had passed, he was ¡
given to understand, but three bills, and those of
a private character.    They had been constantly "
engaged in discussing matters and things in gen-
eral.    Had   they no  resolutions there >    Why,
there were two or three resolutions pending at the
same moment, and some two or three unfinished
speeches, which gentlemen were waiting to con-
clude.    There was a blaze of light pouring forth
from this quarter, over the community; and he
would venture to say, that if they spent all the
time of the session, as they had spent it thus far,
there would scarcely be a constitutional question
that would not be perfectly understood by every
man in the country.   He hoped this bill would 1
take the usual course, and go to the standing
Committee on the Judiciary, who would report
upon it; and then gentlemen would have an op-
portunity of expressing their views upon it. With
regard to the rules, he hoped an opportunity would
soon be afforded of adopting such as %vould be
best calculated to facilitate the business of the
House. If the rules wore wrong, let them be
amended; if the decisions of the Speaker were
wrong, let them be reversed. He should vote for
the bill taking the usual reference to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said that he had heard
no good reason for a reference of this bill to a
selectcommittee.  The honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] had observed that
, this was a bill to change the Constitution, and
therefore he would vote to refer it to a select com-
mittee. Another honorable gentleman [Mr. Bell]
had observed that it was a very important bill;
it was one in which the people took great interest,
and therefore it ought to go to a select committee,
that a report might be speedily made, and gentle-
men might have an opportunity of discussing this
subject.   Mr. V. said he hardly thought the gentle-
man from Tennessee would hazard the assertion,
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts, that
this was a bill to change the Constitution.  Itorigi-
( natcd in the Senate; and many gentlemen would
[ doubtless deem it uncharitable to thai body to say
that they would, by means of a mere law, change
the Constitution.    If it was not a proposition to
change the Constitution, it was only a proposition
to change the existing law, and therefore belonged
most appropriately to the Judiciary Committee.
The mere importance of the subject, upon which
the gentleman from Tennessee had dwelt with so
much force, was certainly no reason for referring
this bill to a select committee.    The Judiciary
Committee was surely one of the most important
committees recognized by the rules of this House.
, It required  great ability and  learning, and its
, members were always selected, he supposed, in
i reference to their requisite talenls and qualifica-
tions.   He did not believe that the select commit-
j tees engrossed all the wisdom and capacity of the
j House, but was rather disposed to think that a
¡ body of gentlemen, who  wore permanent and
chosen for the investigation of great and interest-
i ing subjects, would lie apt to be quite as select for
their wisdom, in reference to the  subjects that
came within their province, as another   body,
, which we dignified with the appellation of a "self ct
, committee."   The gentleman from Tennessee had
, not ventured to say, that the subject matter of
the bill did not most naturally belong to the Judi-
ciary Committee, but it was an important subject,
and ipso facto, in the opinion of that honorable
gentleman, it ought to be referred to a select com-
mittee.   This was, to his (Mr. V.'s) mind, a very
unsatisfactory reason for a special reference.    ít
was, he believed, a very important law, and one
I which proposed to sdcure to the incumbents of
office a freehold title in office.
| Mr. V. said the honorable gentleman from
I Tennessee [Mr. Bell] had given the House
. another lecture about the mischiefs resulting from
our rules, or from the administration of them.
He did not understand the honorable gentleman
to impute any blame to the presiding officer of
the House; but the grievance of which he most
complained was, that the discussion of no one
important subject was finished before another
was obtruded upon our consideration. This was
no new mischief. He (Mr. V.) had felt the
annoying influence of it under former auspices,
and very shortly after he became a member of
this House, Two years ago he undertook to
make a speech upon aa important subject, pro-
ceeded with his argument for about half an hour,
and then gave way to a motion to adjourn. Next
morning he resumed his seat, with notes in hand,
to continue his argument; and, much to his annoy-
ance, the subject was not again announced from
the Chair till the expiration of some weeks I—and
most of the gentlemen here would bear witness
to the agony which resulted from being laden for
whole weeks with a half delivered speech. His
past experience, therefore, enabled him to bear
witness, that the confusion in-which the business
of the House was involved, by means of our
rules, was no  unprecedented; and therefore it
