1636.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
Brown,  Burns,  Bjnum,  Cambrelcng, Campbell, Carr,
Case), Charter, Chapman, Chapín, CbiMs, John P  H
Claiborne,  CUveland,  Coffee,  Cole , Conner, Cnraer,
Cusliiuan, Davi-, Deb>rry, Dickersou, Doubledij, Drom
goole, Effner Fairfield,Farlin, Fowler, Fry, Philo C Ful
ler, Wdliam K   Fuller, Galbrauh, James Garland, Kiee
Garland  Gillet, Glascock, Gramland, Grayson, Haley, Jo
seph Hall, Hiland Hall, Mamer, Hard, Harlan, Samuel S.
Harrison. Hawkins, Haynes, Hazeltiue, Henderson, Hoi
sey, Howird, Hublev, HunUngton. Huntsman, Inger-oll,
Ingham   William Jackson, Joseph Jackson, Janes, Jams,
Richard M Johnson, Cave Johnson, Henry Johnson, Ben-
jamin Jones, Judt-on, Kennon, Kilgore, Kwnard, Ktingen-
soutii,  Lane,  Lansing, Laporte,  Lawler, Joshua Lee,
Thomas Lee, L onard, Logan, Lovall, Lucas, Job Mann,
Manning, Martin, \A illiam Mason, Moses Mason, May,
McKeon, McKh  McLene. Miller, Milhgan, Montgomery,
Moore, Morgan. Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Parks, Patter-
son, Dutee J   Pearce, Franklin Pierce, James A Pearce,
Pinckney, John Rej nolds, Jo-eph Reynold-, Riptev, Roger ,
Schenck, Seymour, Shinn, Smith, Sprague, Steele, Suther
land, Taylor, John Thomson, Toucey, Towns, TurnU,
Vanderpoel, Ward, WardwaU, Washington, W ebster, and
Weeks—133
N VYS — Mes«rs Adams, Chilton Allan, Banks, Bell,
Bond, Bovd, Bnggs, Bunch, John Calhoon, William B
Calhoun, Carter, George Chambers, John Chambers, Na-
thaniel H Claiborne, Clark, Craig, Crane, Cunning, Denny,
Dunlan, Eran , French, Graham, Granger, Graves, Gren
nell, Griffin, Hannegan, Hardin, Harper, Hawes, Hei«ter,
Hoar, Hopkins, Howell, Hunt. Joseph Johnson, Lawrence,
Lay, Luke Lea, Lincoln, Love, Lyon, John Y Mason,
Sampson Mason, Maury, McComas, McKay, McKennan,
Mercer, Moms, Parker, Patton, Peyton, Phillips, Potts,
Reed, Rencher, Roane, Robertson, Russell, William B
Shepard Spangler, Standefer, Storer, Taliaferro, Thomas,
Turner, Ünderwooé, Vinton, Wagener, White, Whittlesey,
Lewis Williams, Sherrod Williams, and Wise—76
So the House determined that the mam ques-
tion, which was on the passage of the bill, should
be put; and the bill was then read the third time,
and passed.
Mr RENCHER asked leave of the House to
offer a resolution respecting the mileage, &c, of
members of Congress
Objection being made,
Mr CAVE JOHNSON moved to suspend the
rules, and
Mr WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, asked
for the yeas and nays, which being ordered, Mr.
C Johnson withdrew the motion, and
Mr. HAWES renewed it, and asked for the
yeas and nays, which were ordered, and the ques-
tion being taken, was decided in the affirmative,
yeas 158, nays 42, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs   Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Alien 
Anthony, Banks, Bean, Beaumont, Bell, Bond, Borden, i
Boyd, Brown, Bunch, Bynum, John Calhoon, Cambreleng,
Carr. Carter, Casey, George Chambers, Chaney, Chapman,
Chapín, Childs, Nathaniel H Claiborne, John F H Clai-
borne, Clark, Cleveland, Coffee, Conner, Corwin, Craig,
Cushing, Darlington, Deberry, Denny. Dickerson, Double
day, Evans, Everett, Fairfield, Forester, Fowler, French,
Fry, Galbraith, James Garland, Glascock, Graham, Gran-
ger, Gnntland, Graves, Grennell, Griffin, Haley, Hiland
Hall, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Hammond, Hannegan, Samuel
S   Harrison, Hawes,  Hawkins,  Hazflttne,   Henderson, I
Hiester, Holsey, Hopkins, Howell, Hunt, Huntsman, In
ger-oll, Ingham, Jo-epli Jackson, Janes, Cave Johnson,
Henry Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Richard  M   Johnson,
Benjamin Jones, Judión, Kilgore, Klingensmith, Lane,
Lansing, Laporte, Lawler, Lawrence, Lay, Joshua Lee,
Luke Lea, Lincoln, Logan, Love, Loyall, Lucís, Lyon,
Abijah Mann, Job Mann, Manning, Martin, John Y Mason,
Moses Mason, Sampson Mason, Manry, McComas, McKay,
McKennon, McKim, Miller, Milligan, Montgomery, Moore,
Morgan, Morris, Owens, Parker, Parks, Patterson, Patton,
Pettigrew   Peyton,  Phelps,  Phillips, Pickins,  Franklin
Pierce, Pinckney, Potts, Rped, Rencher, John Reynolds,
Roane, Robertson, Rogers, Russell, Shields, Sloane, Smith,
Spangler, Sprague, Standefer, Steele, Storer, Thomas, John
Thomson, Toucev, Turner, Underwood,Vanderpoel,Wage
ner, Ward, Washington, Webster, Weeks, White, Whit
tlesey, Lewis Williams, and Wise—158
NAYS—Messrs A«h, Barton, Beale, Bockee, Boon, Bo-
vee, Burns, Campbell, Coles, Cnmer, Cushman, Davis,
Dickson, Dromgoole, Dunlap, William K Fuller, Gillet,
Grayson, Hard, Hardin, Haynes, Howard, Hubley, Hun
tmgton, Jarvis, Leonard, May, McLene, Muhlenberg, Page,
James A Pearce, Joseph Reynolds, Ripley, Schenck, Sey-
mour, Shinn, Sutherland, Taliaferro, Tavlor, TurnU, Vin-
ton, Wardwell, and Sherrod Williams—43.
So the rule of the House was suspended The
resolution was then read as follows:
Resolved, That a select committee he appointed to inquire
whether any, and what, alteration is necessarv to be made
relative to the pay and mileage of members of Congress,
whether any, and what, legislation is necessary to limit and
curtail the conungent expenses of this House
Mr HEISTER moved to insert in place of
" select committee" " Committee on Accounts,"
which Mr  Rencher accepted as a modification
Mr GRENNELL moved that the committee
consist of twenty-four—one from each State,
which was agreed to—ayes 89, noes 74.
And then, on motion, the House adjourned
IN SENATE.
Fridat, February 5, 1836.
Mi. TIPTON presented a memorial in behalf
of the widows and orphans of the officers and
soldiers w ho had fallen in the different engage-
ments with the Seminole Indians, in Florida, in
1835 and 1836, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. TIPTON also presented the memoual of
the General Assembly of the State of Indiana,
praying for an appropriation for the formation of
a harbor at Trail creek, which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PORTE tí presented the petition of Miles
Taylor, which wasrefeired to the Committee ou
Roads and Canals
Mr. NAUDAIN presented the memorial of
sundry citizens of Kentcountv, Delaware, and of
Q,ueen Ann county, Maryland, praying for the
establishment of a post route.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH presented the petition
of the heirs of William Sands, -ft Inch was íeferred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Affairs
Mr HILL presented the petition of John G
Moore; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the memorial of
the General Assembly of the State of Indiana, on
the subject of making additional appropriations
for the Cumberland road, which was read, and
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals
Also, a memorial and resolutions from the same,
praying for a law authorizing the purchase of a
portion of the public lands, on an extended credit,
for a contemplated rail route from White Water
canal to Fort Wayne. And also a resolution
requesting the President of the United States to
reserve from salea strip of land near Fort Wayne
The first part of the memorial was referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals, and the second
part to the President of the United States.
Mr. WHITE presented some additional doc-
uments in support of the claim of John A Rogers,
which were referred.
Mr. HUBBARD presented the petition of
James Ladien, which was íeferred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
I Mr MOORE presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of Alabama, protesting against the
passage of the bill (introduced by Mr. Clat) ap-
propriating for a limited time the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands, and for other purposes,
| and praying for the reduction and graduation
of the prices of the public lands, and the exten-
sion of preemption rights, which were íeferred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial from the same, remonstrating
i against any interference by Congress with the
question of slavery in the District of Columbia,
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr McKEAN, on the 3d instant, presented a
memorial from the City Councils of Philadelphia,
relative to lands in Louisiana under the will of
the late Stephen Girard, which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which had been referred that por-
tion of the President's message relating to military
preparations, reported the following bill, which
was read, and ordeied to a second reading A bill
making appropnations for the collection of raa-
¡' terials,and for the purchase of sites, and to com-
I   menee the construction of certain fortifications,
'  and for other purposes.
II      Mr BENTON gave notice that he had been
|  instructed by the committee to ask the Senate to
consider this bill at an early day     He should,
therefore, move to take it up at an early day next
week
Reports of bills, without amendment,  were
I made from the btanding committees by Messrs.
¡ TIPTON, NAUDAIN, SHEPLEY, SWIFT,
I  DAVIS, and BLACK.
RESOLUTIOÍ.S.
I     Mr TIPTON submitted the following rtsolu-
|  tions.
Resolved, That the Coinmit'ei on Militar) Afiaii-. b" in
strueted to inquire whether the Arnn i sumci"ntl> nmn r
ous tor the duties thev are required to po- orm, and for the
occupation of our various torts.
, RcsohcJ, also, That the Committee on Military Affairs
inquire and report to the Senate whether in their opinion
the pay an 1 emoluments to the officers of the Army is suf
ii-ent coinp"n mío i for the services they are required to
prom
Mi TIPTON snid, that in submitting these res-
olutions to the considciation of the Senate he felt it
to be his duty to accompany them with a few brief
remarks, expla ning his motives for moving this
inquiry He did not wish to be considered an
alarmist—lus ft lis had not been operated on by
anything said here oi elsewhere about war, or
the rumors of wais, nor was he influenced by a
hope of raising men to teiinimte the war now
raging between us and the Seminole Indians; but
puicly by a wish to put our peace LStabh&hment
on a more respectable footing, and to prevent the
rccurience of these conflicts with the Indians
He tvas unable to see any just cause for war,
unless it was the unfoi túnate collision occasionally
happening between our border inhabitants and
the neighboring tribes of Indians If we wish
peace with them, (said Mr T ) we must be pre-
pared for wt-1 , and keep a sufficient force sta-
tioned in their vicinity to awe them into submis-
sion He had waited until two months of the
session had passed away, hoping that some gen-
tlemin bet ei qualified than himself would move
this inquiry He made it with great diffidence,
considering it a measure of some consequence,
and that the moicr should possess more ability
than ho did to bring to its support. It was a
matter about which he had consulted no one Be
it foi good or for evil, (said Mr T ,) it is mine,
and the censure must fall on me, if any is attached
to it He w as aware that the people looked with
I a jealous eye on every step taken to augment the
military foi-e, but when rightly informed, the
people were always right, the Army was theirs,
the money to support it theirs, the Government
I theirs, and he was confident they wished the
I Army to be sufficiently strong to answer the pur-
pose for which it was created, and no more
Before he sat down, he would exhibit to the
Senate a tabular statement showing the number
of forts on our sea-coast as well as on the north-
w est and southwest frontier, some of which were
occupied, others were not. After stating the facts,
he would leave it to Senators representing the sea-
board to determine whether an additional force
was wanted for that part of the frontier or not
He, of course, did not pretend to know anything
on this subject, he had made this motion under a
conviction that a more efficient force was neces-
sary to keep our Indians peaceable He was not
an advocate for raising new regiments, nor for
increasing the number of commissioned officers
They were sufficiently numerous, but he was of
opinion that the rank and file of the Army should
be increased Wc can make our Army (said he)
much more efficient without incurring heavy addi-
tional expenses He had prepared tables showing
the present positions occupied by our troops, and
the condition that our forts and military property
are left in, for want of a sufficient number of men
to preserve them.
Mr. T here lead the statements.
These tables showed, that in the eastern de-
partment, on the lakes and along the sea-boaid,
there were thuty-thrce military posts, fourteen
of which were unoccupied In the western de-
partment there were twenty-two military posts,
nine of which were unoccupied, and amongst
them weie Jefferson Barracks, and Fort Arm-
strong, on the upper Mississippi, and, being
unoccupied, were liable to fall speedily to ruin.
The rank and file of the Army, as at present
organized, could be increased, without increasing
the number of the regiments, or of commissioned
officers The companies now consisting of about
fifty privates should, in his opinion, be increased
to sixty or eighty, as it would be impossible to
garnson all our forts without more men Several
companies had been recently removed from their
former station to do duty in Florida. Two of
these companies had been cut off by the Indians,
thereby reduci ng our former strength below what
it now is. By concentrating this forcem Florida,
he understood that most of the forts in Louisiana
were without troops.
The unsettled state of affairs in Mexico, with
th actual uai in Texas, had produced a restive-
ness among the Indians along our southwestern
