itfé
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
February 5,
frontier. General Gaines, we nre told (said he)
has been ordered to take the southwest to prevent
an improper interference by our Indians, and
others, with the concerns of our neighbors. It
was probable, that the troops now doing duty on
the Upper Mississippi and Missouri would be
withdrawn and sentSouth. If so, the northwest
frontier would be exposed to the innumerable
tribes of Indians in that quarter.
Nothing but die presence of a sufficient force
to crush all opposition would keep the Indians
peaceable long; and he was of opinion that it
was a wise policy to provide that force at this
time.
The presence of a respectable military force at
Forts Snelling, Crawford, Armstrong, in 1834,
would have prevented the Black Hawk war, that
had cost us $2,500,000.
A strong military force at Fort King and
Tampa Bay, in Florida, last summer and fall,
would have prevented the war now raging be-
tween us and the Seminole Indians, that would
cost us, besides the loss of valuable lives, some
millions of dollars, and would probably be the
means of annihilating the poor deluded Semi-
nóles.
Mr. T. said, in relation to the second resolu-
tion for increasing the pay of the officers of our
Army, he was not prepared to give an opinion
that such increase was necessary. Some, he
knew, were of opinion that the compensation of
some grades in the Army should be increased.
He considered the officers of the Army a most
meritorious class of men, who bore the dangers
of every clime when duty called them—who risked
their health, their lives, their all, in our defense.
He felt confident that every ejtizen of our coun-
try would concur in giving them an ample com-
pensation—he would say a liberal one. He hoped
the Committee on Military Affairs would give the
subjectacareful investigation,and report the facts
to the Senate; and he felt confident the Senate and
country would do this valuable class of men jus-
tice ; and he knew the officers would be content
with a just reward for their valuable services.
These (said Mr. T.) are some of the reasons
that have induced me to offer the resolution which
I hope will be adopted.
Mr. LINN wished the resolutions might be again
read, to see whether they were not analogous to
some he (Mr. L.) had already offered.
The resolutions were again read, and laid on
the table.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in- <
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
Surveyor General's Office in the Territory of Michigan,
west of Lake M ichigan; and, also, that the same committee
inquire into the expediency of authorizing the survey and
6ale of the lands included in the purchase made of the Sac
and Fox nations of Indians, at the treaty of Bock Island,
made on the 21st day of September, IKS.
BILLS PASSED.                              !
On motion by Mr. NAUDAIN, the bills from
the House for the relief of Jane Taylor, and for
the relief of the heirs of Guiseppe Franzoni, and
for the relief of Francis Iardella, were read the
second and third times and passed.
The bill to extend the charters of the Bank of
Columbia and the Bank of Alexandria for three
years, to enable said banks to wind up their con-
cerns;
The bill to extend the charters of certain banks
in the District of Columbia; and
The bill to incorporate a fire insurance company
in the town of Alexandria, were severally read
the third time, and passed.
UNITED STATES PENITENTIARY.
On motion by Mr. TYLER, the bill making
appropriations for the support of the Penitentiary
of the District of Columbia was read the second
time, and ordered to a third reading.
BILLS REFERRED.
The bill from the House, making appropria-
tions in part for the support of the Government
for the year 1836, was read twice and referred.
The following bills were severally read the sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and. ordered to a third reading:
The bill authorizing the relinquishment of the
sixteenth sections of public lands granted for the
' use of schools, and the location of other lands in
' lieu thereof;
The bill to provide for the settlement of the ac-
counts of Mary O'Sullivan;
The bill to provide for opening certain roads in
the Territory of Arkansas;
The bill for the relief of Captain Augustus A.
Nicholson;
The bill for the relief of Hiram A. Hunter;
The bill to provide for the legal adjudication and
settlement of claims to lands therein mentioned;
The bill for the relief of David Beard;
The bill for the relief of James Thomas; and
The bill to revive and continue in force an act
passed the 24th of May, 1834, for the relief of
John Donelson and Stephen Heard.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The bill for the continuation of the Cumberland
road in the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
Missouri, which was considered, and, after de-
bate,
Mr. CALHOUN moved to lay it on the table;
but, before the question was taken,
The Senate adjourned over to Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 5,1836.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, asked the con-
sent of the House to submit a resolution; which
was read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives of the Con-
gress of the United States, in regard to the execution of the
treaty of the 4th of July, 1831, by France, approve of the
President's late message recommending the prohibition " of
French products, and the entry of French vessel  into our
ports."
Objection being made,
Mr. REYNOLDS moved to suspend the rule,
and called for the yeas and nays on his motion.
Mr. MASON, of Ohio, moved to lay the motion
to suspend the rale on the table.
Mr. REYNOLDS demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion; which were not ordered.
The motion of Mr. Mason was then agreed to
—ayes 119, noes not counted.                                   I
Mr. HANNEGAN asked the consent of the j
House to submit a series of instructions to the
select committee appointed on the subject of the
mileage of members, (being the same which he
offered yesterday in reference to the commitment
of the partial appropriation bill, and which were
[ published in our proceedings yesterday.)
I     Objections  being made, Mr. HANNEGAN
moved to suspend the rule, and asked for the yeas
| and nays on his motion; which were ordered.
i     Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
! to lay the motion to suspend the rule on the table. ,
¡     Mr. BOON called for the yeas and nays; which
were not ordered.                                                         ;
i The motion to suspend the rule was then laid
| on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.              '
Mr. DUNLAP, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Green
Prior and the heirs of Peter Prior; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported an amendment to the
bill to credit the Treasurer of the United States
with unavailable funds, dec; which was ordered
! to be printed.
1 Mr. C, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief Of Chastelain and Pouvert; which
was read twice and committed.
1 Mr. C, from the same committee, reported
certain estimates from the War Department,
asking additional appropriations for the Quarter-
master's Department, &c; which were ordered j
to be printed.
Mr. OWENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill for the relief of Lewis
, I H. Bates and William Lason; which was read
¡i twice and committed.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel
Dickerson; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD, from the Committee
on the District of Columbia, reported a bill to
organize the several fire companies within the ¡
District of Columbia; which was read twice and
committed.                                                                   I
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs .reported, without amendment, the bill from
the Senate for the relief of Irvine Shubrick; and the
same was committed.
Mr. EVERET F, from the Committeeon 1 ndian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of James and
John Brown; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. HARRISON, of Missouri, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, made a report, accom-
panied by a bill to grant the right of preemption
to actual settlers; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. H., from the same committee, reported a bill
to establish an additional land district in the State
of Missouri; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. LAWLER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Oli-
ver Welsh; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of th*
legal representatives of Isaac Williams, deceased;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported a bill for the
settlement of a claim of the State of Connecticut
against the United States, for the service of her
militia during the late war; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported the following bills;
which were read twice and committed:
A bill to repeal certain provisions of an act to
alter and amend the several acts imposing duties
on imports, passed 14th July, 1832; and
A bill for the relief of die rector, chnrch-war-
dens, and vestry-men of Christ Church.
Messrs. CHAPÍN and MUHLENBERG,
from the Committee on Revolutionary Claims;
Mr. McKIM, from the Committee of Ways and
Means; Messrs. HOWELL, FRY, and MOR-
GAN, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions; Mr. HUNTSMAN, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, and Mr. CHAMr
BERS, of Kentucky, from the Committee on
Claims—made adverse reports upon various peti-
tions, &c.; which were ordered to lie on the table.
RESOLUTION.
On motion by Mr. BOON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a new mail route from New Albany, Indiana,
via Georgetown, Salisbury, Milltoyvn, Mount Prospect, Jas-
per, Petersburg, Pnaceton, and Columbia, in said State,
to Mount Carmel, in the State of Illinois.
SENATE BILLS READ.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the Senate were read twice and committed:
A bill to amend an act for the farther organiza-
tion of the district courts of the United States, in
the State of Alabama, approved March 10,1834;
A bill for the relief of Peter H. Greene and
William Emerson;
A joint resolution, directing experiments to be
made at the Mint as to the practicability of pre-
venting debasements of gold and silver coins; and
A joint resolution, providing for the temporary
employment of additional clerks in the Patent
Office.
LATE HON. WILLIAM T. BARRY.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, offered some days since
by Mr. Smith, of Maine:
Retolved, That the letter of the late Hon. William T
Barry, formerly Postmaster General of the United States
received by the Speaker of the House of Representatives
at the last session of Congress, on the last day of said ses-
sion, be taken from the tiles of the House, laid upon the
table, and printed.
Mr. BOND begged to inquire of the mover of
this resolution, if he intended to predicate any
legislation upon it?
Mr. SMITH explained that he had moved the
resolution as a simple act of justice to a late exec-
utive officer of the Government. He (Major
Barry) had considered the letter as of importance
to himself and to his own reputation; and it was
understood that the only reason why the letter
was not printed by the last Congress, in the ordi-
nary mode of printing documents of this descrip-
tion, was on account of the lateness of the hour
at which it was received, and the utter impracti-
cability, at that time, of obtaining a quorum of
the House to vote upon it.    Every member of the
