T&3&
THE C6NGRE83IOT!*AL GLOBE
169
last Congress well recollected that this letter came
in at the very last moments of the session; the
Journals show this fact. Mr. S., therefore, as he
before remarked, offered this resolution as a sim-
ple act of justice, necessary, or supposed to be
necessary by the writer of the letter, to his de-
fense before the country.
Mr. BOND felt compelled to oppose the adoption
of the resolution. Since it was first moved he had
made inquiry, and had ascertained that the paper
to which the resolution referred had already been
published, and received a very general circulation.
He knew this, for he had seen it himself. Why,
then, would they now order its printing?   It was
Mr. GILLET, in order to give further time for
examination, moved to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill until Friday next.
The motion to postpone was advocated by
Messrs. GILLET, WILLIAMS of North Car-
olina, and PARKER, and opposed by Messrs.
CHAMBERS of Kentucky, HUNT, and
WHITTLESEY; when it was lost.
The bill was further opposed by Mr. PAR-
KER, and advocated by Mr. HUNT.
Mr. PARKS moved an adjournment; which
was lost.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
to postpone the further consideration of the bill
not addressed to that House particularly, but was I1 until to-morrow; which was not carried.
somewhat ofthe character of another matter intro
duced there the other day, of the " resurrection
order, "and was calculated to produce much ill-will
and an excited debate. Mr. B. further objected to
it on the ground of the expense; andconcluded by
moving to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. BRIGGS asked the gentleman to withdraw
that motion; to which
Mr. BOND assented, on the understanding that
Mr. Briggs would renew it.
Mr BRIGGS said he should vote for the reso-
lution, though he did not agree with the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. SMiTiijin the reason assigned
by him for not printing this document at the last
session of Congress.   Several gentlemen made t
remarks upon it, and Mr. B.'s friend from Maine j
[Mr.Evans] raised an objection toitthatthe paper j
itself, or the terms of it, were disrespectful to the
committee of the House who had made a report j
upon the subject of the letter.                                 j
Mr. B. should vote for printing the paper as i
an act of justice—or, if they pleased, as an act of
generosity—to an individual, late a high officer of
thisGovernmentjWho is now no more. He would
not withhold himself from publishing this letter.
It was known that two reports were made by a
committee appointed to investigate the concerns
of the Department over which that officer pre- |
sided, and that both reports brought the transac- '
tions of that Department into a notice in no ways
complimentary to that officer, or to those who
were engaged in its management.   That officer
was implicated; and, believing that he could vin-
dicate himself before the country from the impli-
cation of error, or wrong, or dishonor, he drew j
up the paper now asked to be printed, communi-
cated it to the House, and asked that it might be
laid before the country. From circumstances not
necessary then to go into, the motion to print was
not agreed to; but the individual had left a family
behind him, who were not beyond the reach of
censure or praise, though he himself was.    Was
it then anything more than an act of justice—
simple, naked justice, not to say of liberality and j
magnanimity—that they should print this com- I
munication by order of the House, and let it go J
forth to the country, and let the individual  be
tried by the presentation offered by the committee
of the House and by himself?                                 j
In pursuance of his promise to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bond,] he renewed the motion to
lay the resolution on the table, but at the same
time he hoped it would not prevail.                         |
The motionwasthen negatived withouta count,
and the question again recurring on the adoption
of the resolution,                                                      ¡
Mr. MASON, of Ohio, called for the reading
of the document.
Mr. MILLER asked if a member had a right
to call for the reading of the paper, as it was not ¡
before the House.                                                    j
The CHAIR decided in favor of the right to '
call for the reading.                                                 |
Mr. HAMER moved to postpone the further
consideration of the resolution till Friday next; '
which was negatived—ayes 69, noes 80.
Mr. MASON, of Ohio, then ajrain demanded
the reading of the paper, and the Clerk proceeded
for about ten minutes; when, on motion of
Mr. WHITTLESEY, the House passed to the
consideration of the orders of the day.
JESSE SMITH AND OTHERS.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the bill for the relief of Jesse Smith and others.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
it was opposed by Mr. MANN, of New York,
and advocated by Mr. WARD WELL; when
The bill was further opposed by Messrs. GIL-
LETT and PARKS, and advocated by Mr.
STORER.
Mr. PARKS moved a suspension of the rules,
in order to submit a motion, that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday;
which was agreed to—ayes 112, noes 44.
Mr. PARKS then submitted the above motion;
which was agreed to; and, on Mr. P.'s motion,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thcrsdat, February 8, 1836.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr.  Donel-
sojí, his Private Secretary:
Tj the Senate and House of Representatives :
The Government of Great Britain has offered its media-
tion for the adjustment of the dispute between the United
States and France.    Carefully guarding that point in the
controversy, which, as it involves our honor and independ-
ence, admits of no compromise, I have cheerfully accepted
the offer.   It will be obviously improper to resort even to
the mildest measur?s of a compulsory character, until it is
ascertained whether France has declined or accepted the
mediation.    Í therefore recommend a suspension of all pro-
ceedings on that part of my special message of the loth of
January last, which proposes a partial non-intercourse with
France".    While we cannot too highly appreciate the ele-
vated anddi-intercsted motives ot the offer of Great Britain,
and have a just reliance upon the great influence of that
Power to restore the relations of ancient friendship between
the United States and France, and know, too, that our pa-
cific policy will be strictly adhered to until the national
honor compel < us to depart from it, we should be insensible
to the exposed condition of our country, and forget the les-
sons of experience, if we did not efficiently and sedulously
prepare for an adverse result.   The peace of a nation does
not depend exclusively upon its own will, nor upon the
beneficent policy of neighboring Powers; and that nation
winch is found totally unprepared for the exigencies and
dangers of war, although it come without having given
warning of its approaches criminally negligent of its honor
and its duty.   I cannot too strongly repeat the recommend-
ation already made to place the seaboard in a proper state
of defense, and promptly to provide the means for amply
protecting our commerce.           ANDREW JACKSON.
Washington, February 8,1835.
The message having been read was, on motion
by Mr. CLAY, referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Commissioners of the Sinking Fund, concluding
with a recommendation that the board be discon-
tinued, and that some disposition be made of its
papers and records; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to
be printed.
The CHAIR also communicated a report from
the War Department, transmitting surveys and
estimates of the expenses for rebuilding the light-
house on Brandy wine shoals; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of the
merchants and citizens of Philadelphia, praying
for an appropriation for the improvement of the
navigation of the Christiana river; also, the peti-
tion of sundry inhabitants of Sussex county, Del-
aware, interested in the trade of Lewis and Broad
Kiln creeks, praying that an appropriation may
be made for a light-house and buoys at the mouth
of said creeks; also, a petition from the inhabitants
of Milford, Delaware, and of masters of vessels
navigating the Delaware bay and river, praying
that New Castle maybe made a port of entry; all
of which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. KENT presented the memorial of the City
Council of the city of Baltimore, praying for an
appropriation to aid in tli" preservation of their
harbor; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented a memorial
from the Legislature of Alabama, asking Congress
to devise some mode by which the land over
which a contemplated railroad to connect the
waters of the Tennessee with those of the Ala-
bama, may be passed, and to determine the mode
in which it shall be paid for; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, also presented two
memorials from the same, on the subject of the
preemption laws and Indian reservations, repre-
senting the evils of the latter, and praying that
the system may be discontinued; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands and the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial from a
number of merchants of Philadelphia, praying
that an appropriation may be made for the erec-
tion of a new custom-house in that city; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. TYLER, the petition and
papers of the heirs of Captain John Hawkins,
presented at the last session, were again referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
John C.Howard; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. MOORE presented two resolutions of the
Legislature of Alabama, one asking that the six-
teenth sectionsof school lands may be relinquished
where they are unproductive, and other lands
entered in lieu thereof; and the other asking that
the circuit court system maybe extended to Ala-
bama and the other new States; which were re-
ferred, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to wliich had been referred the bill making
appropriations in part for the support of the Gov-
ernment for the year 1836, reported the same
without amendment.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the same committee,
to which the memorial on the subject had been
referred, reported a bill authorizing the authorities
of Christ Church, Philadelphia, to import a new
bell free of duty; which was read, and ordered to
a second reading.
Messrs. LEIGH and SHEPLEY, from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, made un-
i favorable reports on several memorials referred to
1 that committee.
j Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which the subjects had been
referred, reported bills for the relief of the legal
representatives of James Beall, and for the relief
of the heirs of Thornton Taylor; which were
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
< Affairs, to which had been referred the petition
of Josette Beaumanier, reported a bill for her
i relief; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which the petitions on the
subjects had been referred, reported bills for the
relief of James Sutherland and Rebecca his wife,
for the relief of Patrick McGivens, and for the
relief of the representatives of Colonel David
Hopkins, deceased; which were severally read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WHITE, from the same committee, re-
ported unfavorably on the petitions of Hans
Hamilton, and of the representatives of the late
Lord Stirling; and the committee was discharged
from the further consideration thereof.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill making an appro-
priation for the payment of two companies of
Missouri and Indiana militia, who were called into
service for the protection of the frontiers against
the Indians in 1832; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. KENT submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day:
Reso'.zet. That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the propn-tv 01 establishing a navy-
jard at Baltimore, i,i the ¡State ul JMaiyland, and that they
report their opinion to the Senate
