I88fr                              THE COmKESSIONAL GLOBE.                                 171
sued in 1780, which, he believed,had received the
unanimous sanction of the southern delegation at
that tunc Thus fir, they hid been contending
about ihe right of petition on the subject, wasting
and dissipating their strength upon mere abstrac-
tion"!, to the extreme excitement of the South, and
danger to the Union. His object now was, to get
a direct vote upon the whole subject. The Abo-
litionists aim at universal emancipation, and Con-
gicss ought to cut off thtir hopes at once. They
should b^ told that it had no constitutional au-
thority over slavery in the States, and satisfy them
that they can have no hope in future He would
show them that there was no hope of effecting
their object, and vou put an end to agitation at
once H° bchev td that vote would check fanati-
cism, and have a good effect in the non-slavehold-
íng States. If the House adopted the resolution,
he believed it would be sastaim d by every honest,
patuot c man in the non 3Uvtholding States In
those States tli3 fanatics w cr on one side, and
the great body of the people on the other. He
would allow them to fight th( ir battles in then ow n
way, and he firmly and conscientiously believed
that they would succeed in putting down the
spirit of agitation He hoped he was distinctly
understood by friends, and by foes, if he had any
He went for the suppression of abolition, he went
foi the )ust lights of the slaveholding States,
without impairing the rights of any other portion
of the Union He firmly and conscientiously
believed that, if the resolution was adopted, ac-
companied by a calm, argumentative report, it
w ould go far to pioduce those bl< sscd results; and
if he could be the instrument of producing those
results, he would be willing to incur any respons-
ibility which might fall upon him.
Mr  HAMMOND said it was extremely un-
pleasant at all times to see gentlemen, coming  i
fiom the same section of country, and members
of the same delegation, so utterly opposed to each
other as his colleague and himself
Mr. PINCKNEY begged to explain, and to
corrcet the misapprehension under which his col-
league labored They did not differ, radically or
essentially, upon principles In feelings, motives,
and principles he entirely and cordially concurred
with his colleague. They only differed as to the I
mode of proceeding. Mr. P. preferred his, as 1
was natural, in the first place, and secondly, be-
cause he thought it went fuither than any other,
and covered the whole ground.                               I
Mr HAMMOND considered their diffeience
as to the mode of proceeding a vital and essential
diffeience, involving the deepest and most im-
portant principles He should say nothing with
regard to his colleague's principles there, that was
not the place to imptach them.
What the gentleman had said in reference to an
article in a certain print in this city, Mr. H. begged
leave to say that, so far as he was concerned, he   i
had nothing to do with it, and knew nothing of it  I
till he saw it in the paper.   This he would say    ,
that, as far as his recollection went in reference  I
to that article, he believed the paper had neither  |
calumniated the gentleman, nor done injustice to
him     It was well known that the very motion
now introduced was one that the whole northern
party would have been glad, at any moment dur-
ing the present session, to have adopted   Should
a southern man, then, a Representative from the
State of South Carolina, come there with a ics-
olution granting peace, or asking peace, from the
Abolitionists of the North, upon the very terms
that any Abolitionist, m the House or out of it,
would have been glad to give at any moment if
they had condescended to have accepted it.
Why should they want a vote of that Hotise,  I
declaring that they had no pow erover the subject  I
in the States >    Who ever anticipated it >   Why,
was that gentleman so grossly ignorant as not to
know that Arthur Tappan himself had over and
over again denied that Congress had any power
over that subject in the States >   There was not a
man from beyond the northern line that had a
doubt upon that subject, and were they to invite
an attack upon the South upon that ground*   But  I
he would leav e the gentleman and his constituents  '
to íeconcile themselves on this subject    Mr H
would himself laugh to scoin—would contemn
and despise any Settlement of the question by
that House     It was a question of arms, to be
settled by blood, when it came there. The gen-
tleman's profession nf love and veneration for the
Union was a profession he always respected,
come from vvhatevi r quarter it might. Mr H
loved the Union, but he would never sacrifice his
rights upon its altar. The gentleman wished, it
seemed, to make a report
Mr PINCKNEY explained He had no ma-
terials for such a report; he had never contem-
plated such a report, and it was his intention to
propose that it should be deputed to hands from
a different section of the country than that from
which he came.
Mr HAMMOND said he wished, then, the
gentleman had left the whole matter to some mem-
ber from a different section of the country; but
now he had introduced it Mr. H. hoped it would
be left entirely to him. But what necessity was
there for any report' Had not everything been
said on the subject that could be said ' The only
way to meet the question was, to reject the peti-
tions Anything short of this would be only
calculated to excite the fanatics of the North, and
a report of that House would stimulate them to
new exertions.
Mr. H. adverted to the report of 1798, and said
it was at that time a mere speculative question,
but ho entered his solemn protest against a similar
course at the present day. Whatever might be
the report of the House, it would act as the enter-
ing wedge for future legislation, and would be a
means to encourage the fanatics to renewed at-
tempts to embroil the peace of the South.
Mr. BOYD then demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HUNT hoped the gentleman would with-
draw his motion, as he wished to move an amend-
ment to the resolution.
Mr. WISE expressed the same wish, as he also
desired an opportunity to reply to certain news-
paper attacks that had been made upon him.
Mr. BOYD said he should be happy to gratify
the gentlemen who had desired him to withdraw
the motion for the previous question; he must,
however, be excused, believing, as he did, that
discussion on this subject should not be furthei
indulged in.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved a call of the
House, which was negatived—ayes 76, noes 91
The demand foi the previous question was then
seconded by the House—ayes 1Ü2, noes 86, and
on the question, " Shall the main question be
now put'"
Mr. GRANGER asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered
Mr. PATTON moved a call of the House,
which was negatived without a count.
Mr. MERCER inquired of the Chair, what
would be the effect of the previous question
The CHAIR replied, if the picvious question
was negatived, it would remove the subject iioin
before the House for that day
Mr. McCARTY asked for the reading of the
resolution, which was then lead.
Mi. WISE inquired, if there were any instruc-
tions to the select committee to repoit-
The CHAIR called the gentleman to Older.
Mi. WISE I appeal to the House I say
before any member is compelled to vote he has a
right to undei stand what it is he has to vote about
Mr. W. said he merely wished to inquire what
was the character of the resolution, and the Chair
said he had no right to make this inquiry' He
would then ask the House what was the charac-
ter, the object, and the intention of the resolution
before he would give his vote ay or no. If they
were called upon to vote blindfold there, th«n
order' order' order' in the sense of the Chair
would be reason, and paiamount to law! Mi
W. wished to know whether the resolution in-
structed the select committee to report a resolu-
tion declaring------
Mr. BYNUM. Is the gentleman from Virginia
now in order >
The CHAIR said the gentleman from Virginia
was speaking to a question of order.
Mr. WISE. I say I wish to know whether
this resolution instructed the committee to report
that Congress has not the power, under the con-
stitution, to abolish slaveiy in the District of Co-
lumbia. If the resolution did not so instruct the
committee, Mr W. w as against it toto cmlo     If
' it had this principle in it he might vote for it,
though there was enough in it besides to prevent
his voting for it He wished to know, also,
whether he was not to undei stand the resolution
before he did vote either way ' It was true the
resolution had been lead, but he could not under-
stand every resolution read in that House, for
there was sometimes more meant than met the
ear, and sometimes more meant than could be
understood from what was written. In the name
of God (said Mr. W.) give us light—give us in-
formation—give us understanding before we are
diagged up here to vote like mules.
The CHAIR then commenced stating the ques-
tion of oider, when
Mi. WISE withdiew his appeal.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and determined in the affirmative—yeas 118, nays
')7, as follows:
YEAS—Mei«rs Ash, Ashley, Barton, Bean, Beaumont,
Bockee, Bund, Boon, Bovec, Bo}d, Brown  Bjnum, Caul
breleng, tarr, Cisev, Chanty, Chapman, Chapín, John F
H   Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee, Cole-, Connor,  Craig,
Cramer, tu-hnnn  Darlington, Davi-. Dickerson, Double
daj, Drone,oole, Dunlap, Lffner, I auhcld,rarlin, Tore ti r,
rowler,Iiy, WilliamK )MiHer,Galbraith,Gilltt,Grantland,
Haltj, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Hanncgan, Albert G   Hun
son, Samuel S  Harri-on, Hawes, Hawkins, Haynes, Hen
d"r o i, Hopkins, Howard, Hudlej, Huntington, Hunt man,
Injliam, Jabez Jack on, Jams, Jo-cph John-on, Eiclnid
M Johnson, Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jone-, Jud-on, Ken
non, Kilgore, Kmnard, Lane, Lan-ing, Laporte, Gideon
Lte, Jo-hua Let, Leonard, Logan, Lucas, Abijih Minn,
Job Mann, Manning, William Mason, Moses Ma-on, M n,
McCartj, MeKcon, McKim, McLenc, Miller, Montgonu ry,
Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Owen , Page, Parks, Pint r
son,  I'lielp , John Remold-, Joseph   Lejnold ,   Rip! j,
Roane, Sthcnck, Seymour, Shinn, Sickle-, f-inith, Suthcr
land, Pavlor, Tlioma-, John Thom-on   Toucty, Turner,
Turrill, \anderpoc!, Wa^ener, Ward, VVardvvell, Weeks,
and Slit rrod W lllums—118
NW'í—Me-ais Adams, Chilton Mian, Hcman 4llen,
Bulc\, Bell, l.orden, Bnggs, Bunch, John Calhoon, Wil
ham 1Í Calhoun,Campbell,George Chamber-, John Cham
her-, Childs, Nulnmel H Claiborne,tlark,Cor\vin, Cu h
mg, D berrj, Dennj, Evan«, Everett, Fiench, Piulo C
ruller, Jim - Garland, Rice Garland, Glascock, Graham,
Granger, Crave-, Graj-on, Gnffm, Hammond, Hard, Har
dm, Harlan, Hazeltmc, Ilci-ter, Hoar, HoLcj, Howell,
Hunt, Tiig rsoll, W ilium Jack-on, Jane*, Jenilcr, Henr>
John on Lanier, Lawrence, Laj, Luke Lea, Lincoln,
Love, Lo}all, Lyon, M'rtin,Samp-on Mason, Maury,Me
Conns, McKav, Mckcnnan, Mercer, Milligan, Morris,
Parker, Patton, Dut1e J Pearce, James A Pcarce, Petti
grei-, Pi v ton, Phillips, Pickens, Pinckney, Potts, Iteed,
ltenther, Robert on, Rogers, Ru-sell, W llham B Slicpard,
Augu-tin II Shcpperd,ShieId-,Spangler,Sprague, Stinde
fcr, Steele, Storer, Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson Towns,
Ludcrwood, Vinton, Webster, White, Whittlesey, Levis
William-, and \\ lsc—97
So the House determined that " the main ques-
tion shall now be put."
Mr VINTON then called for certain divisions
of the question on the mam question, the adop-
tion of the resolution.
Mr HEISTER asked for the yeas and nays on
all the divisions of the resolution, which vvcr 
oidered
Mi HOLSEYthen asked for a further division
to conclude with the word "Maine" in the reso-
lution.
The CHAIR said that branch of the resolution
did not embrace a substantive proposition, and
therefore such a division could not be made.
Mr. HOLSEY explained that he wished the
subsequent part, "instructions," &c, to follow
his division
The CHAIR intimated that to be in order, in-
asmuch as the resolution embraced the reference
of all the propositions contained in it to a select
committee, and therefore any one proposition was
of itself susceptible of the same reference.
Mi. WISE appealed from the decision of the
Chair, and briefly addressed the House; but
The CHAIR rose and stated that, upon again
referring to th'e authorities and the lex parhamen-
tana, and upon again recuinng to the resolution
and division, asked for by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Holset,] he was satisfied such a
division as that asked foi by the gentleman from
Georgia would not be in order, because of itself it
did not contain a substantive proposition
Mr BELL wished to know whether the effect
of the resolution would be to refer the resolutions
now before the House, and all memorials hereto
fore proposed to be offered on the same subject,
but not received, to the same committee !
The CHAIR said that question was not now
before the House for decision The previous
question having been moved and  seconded, the
