172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8.
Chair could not entertain these collateral ques-
tions, but would decide them when they -were
properly made.
Mr. HOLSEY again urged his call for the di-
vision he had mo\cd, appealing from the Chair's
decision, and, after a tew words from Messrs.
HOLSEY, BRIGGS, and EVERETT, the de-
cision of the Chair was sustained by the House
without a count.
The question w as then taken by yeas and nays
on the first branch of the resolution; which is as
follows:
Resulted, That all the memorials which have be(.n of
fered, or mav hcrealter be presented to this House, praying
for the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia, and
also the resolutions offered bj an honorable member from
Maine, [Mr J \nv i-,J w ith the amendment thereto proposed
b\ an honorable member trom Virginia, [Air Wise,] and
every other paper or proposition that may be submitted in
relation to the subject, be referred to a select committee
YE 45—Messrs Adams, Heman Allen, \nthony, \-h,
Ashlev, Bailey Bank-, Barton, Beak, Bein, Beaumont,
Bockee,Bond, Boon, Bord n,Bovee,Bo\d, Brig?-,Brown,
William B Calhoun, Cambrclc is, f arr, ta-iv, George
Chamber-, Chanev. ( hapin, Child-, John F II C laibirne,
Clark. Clevelaud, Coffee, Coles, to.inor, Convin, Craig,
Cramer, Crane, Cn-hing, Cushman, Darlington, D.ivi-,
Deberry .Denny, D cker-on Doubleday, Dunlap, Effner,
Evans, Everett, Fairfield, Farlin, Fowler, Fry, Philo C
Fuller, William K Tuller, Gdlbnith, GiUet, Granger,
Grantland, Grave , Halev, Jo-cph Hall, Hamer, Ilinnegan,
Hard, Hardin, Samuel S Harrison, Albert G Harrison,
Hawes, Hawkins, Haynes, Hazeltine, Hender-on, Hei-ter,
Hoar, Hopkin-, Hovvard, Howell, Hubley, Huntington,
Huntsman, Ingersoll, Ingham, William Jack-on, Jabez
Jackson, Jane-, Jams, Jenifer, Jo-eph Johnson, Richard
M John-on, Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Judson, Ken
non, Kilgore, Kinnard, Khngensmith, Lane, Lan-ing, La-
porte, Lawrence, Lay, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Leonard,
Lincoln, Logan, \byah Mann, Job Mann, Manning, Wil
ham Ma-on, Mo es Mason, Sampson Ma-on, Mav, Mc-
Carty, McComa-, McKav, McKennan, McKeon, MeKim,
McLene, Miller, Milhgan, Montgomery, Aloore, Morgan,
Morns, Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Parker, Parks, Patter-
son, Dutee J Pe-irce, Franklin Pierce, Plielp-, Phillips,
Pmcknej, Pott-, Reed, Rcncher, John Reynolds, Joseph
Reynold-, Ripley, Roger-, Ru-sell, Schenck, Sevmour,
Augu-tine H Shepp"rd, Shinn, Sickles, Sloane, Smith,
Spangler, Sprague, Storer, Sutherland, Taj lor, Thomas,
John Thomson, Touccv, Turner, Underwood, Vanderpoel,
A inton,AA*agcncr, AA'ard, AVardwoll, Washington, AATeb ter,
AVcek-, Whittlesey, Lewis Williams, and Sherrod AATil
hams—114
NVY3—Messrs Chilton Allan, Bell, Bouldm, Bunch,
Bvnum, John Ca'hoon, Campbell, Carter, John Chambers,
Chapman, Nathaniel II Claiborne, Dick-on, Dromioole,
Forester, French, James Garland, Rice Garland &la-cock,
Graham Gnv on, Gntfin, Hammond, Holsev, Henrv John
son, Lanier, Luke Lea, Lovall, Luca-, Lyon, Alartin,
John Y Alason, Maury, Mercer, Patton, James A Pearce,
Pettigrcw, Peyton, Picken-, Roane, Robeitson, AArilham
B Shepard, Standefer, Steele, Tahaterro, AA'addv Thomp
son, Towns, White, and AA'ise—48
So the first division of the resolution was agreed
to.
The question was next taken by yeas and nays,
on the adoption of the second division of the res-
olution, which is as follows:                                          I
" With instructions to report that Congress possesses no
constitutional authority to interfere in any way with the
institution of slavery in any of the Slates of this Confcd
eracv "
A E \S—Messrs Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, \nthonv,
Ash, Ashley, Bailey, Banks, Barton, Beale, B an, Beau
mont, Bell, Borkee, Bond, Boon, Borden, Bouldin, Bovee,
B05 d, Briggs, Brown, Bunch, Bynum. William B Calhoun,
( ambreleng, Carr, Carter, Casey, George Chambers, John
Chambers, Chaney, Chapman, Chapín, Childs, Nathaniel
H Claiborne, John F H Claiborne, Clark, Cleveland, Cof-
fee, Coles, Connor, Corwin, Craig, Cramer, Crane, Cush
man, Darlington, Davis, Deberrv, Dickcrson, Dickson,
Doubledaj, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Effner, Evans, Fairfield,
Tarlin, Forester, Towler, French, Frj, Philo C Fuller, AVil-
ham K Tuller, Galbraith, James Garland, Gillet, Graham,
Granger Grantland, Graves, Haley, Joseph Hall, Hamer,
Hammond, Hamiegan, Hard, Hardin, Albert G Harrison,
¡-amuel & Harn-on, Hawes, Hawkins, Haynes, Hazeltine,
Hender-on, Hcister, Hoar, Hol-ey, Hopkins, Howard,
Howell, Huhlej, Hunt, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingersoll,
Ingham, Jabez Jackson, Jarvis, Jenifer, Joseph Johnson,
Richard M Johnson, Cave Johnson, Henry Johnson, Benja
mm Jones, Jud-on, Kennon, Kilgore, Kinnard, Khngen-
smith, Lane, Lan-mz, Laporte, Lawler, Lawrence, Lay,
Gideon Lee, Joshua L e, Luke Lea, Leonard, Lincoln,
Logan, Love, Loyall, Lyon, Abijah Mann, Job Mann, Man-
ning, Martin, John Y Mason, William Mason, Moses
Mason, Sampson Mason, Maury, May, McCarty, McKay,
McKennan, McKeon, MeKim, McLene, Mercer, Miller,
Milhgan, Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Morns, Muhlen-
berg, Owens, Page, Parker, Parks, Patterson, Patton,
Franklin Pierce, Dutee J Pearce, James A Pearce, Petti- I
gren, Phelp-, Phillip-, Pinckney, Potts, Reed, Rencher, I
John Rev nolds, Jo-eph Reynolds, Ripley, Roane, Rogers,
Ru-sell, Schenck, Seymour, William B Shepard, Augus- I
tine II Shepp rd, Shields, Shinn, Sickles, Smith, Spangler,
Spr/igue, Standi ter, Steele, Storer, Sutherland, Taliaferro,
Taj lor, Thonns, John Thomson, Toucey, Towns, Turnll,
Underwood, Aanderpoel, Vinton, Wagener, Ward, AVard-
well, Washington. Weeks, White, Whittlesey, Lewis Wil-
liams, Sherrod Williams, and Wise—201.                               I
N \A*S—Messrs \dain", Dcnnv, Everett, Rice Garland,
GlascoLk, William Jack-on, and Robertson—7.
When the name of Mr Wise «as called in the
last vote, that gentleman refused to answer, on
the ground that he had no constitutional right to
\ote on the question.
Mr. PINCKNEY moved that the gentleman
be excused from voting.
Mr. BOON said, that this was an important
question; he therefore moved the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
Mr. WISE was then excused from voting.
The vote was then announced; and the second
branch of the resolution was determined in the
affirmative.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, said, that as
the vote which he had just given might be sub-
ject to misinterpretation, he asked the consent of
the House to state the reasons for his vote upon
the Journal
The CHAIR said the gentleman could not at-
tain his ob]ect at present.
The third division of the resolution was then
read, as follows:
" And that, in the opinion of this House, Congress ought
not to interfere in any way with slavery in the Distnet of
Columbia, because U would be a notation of the public faith,
unuisc, nipolUtc, and dangerous to the Union "
Mr. UNDERWOOD called for a further divi-
sion of the foregoing, so as to exclude, in the first
instance, the words in italics.
The CHAIR decided that the proposition was
susceptible of this division.
Mr. BOULDIN took an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, on the ground that, if the first
branch of this proposition should be negatived
and the second agreed to, the second branch would
then apply to the one just adopted, and would in-
volve a punciple at variance with the intention of
the mover of the resolution, and the intention of
those who voted in favor of the second division
of the question.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, took the same
ground. He said the rule prescribed that a di-
vision of a question could be called for, when
each division embraced per $e a substantive pro-
position, which was not so in the division called
for by the gentleman from Kentucky. The sec-
ond part of this third proposition was a reí integra,
an essential portion, indissolubly, inseparably
connected with it, and could, in no case, form a
substantive proposition.
Mr. BELL thought the decision of the Chair
correct; and it was with the House to vote down
the second branch of the proposition, if they
feared to be entangled. The Avhole difficulty
arose from ordering the previous question upon a
complicated resolution, without debate or amend-
ment; but the House, having done that, were
bound by the Chair's decision, which, he re-
peated, was correct, and according to precedent.
The decision of the Chair was briefly sustained
by Messrs. SUTHERLAND, UNDERWOOD,
and HARDIN, opposed by Messrs. BOULDIN
and RIPLEY, and affirmed by the House; taken
by tellers—ayes 114, noes not counted.
The question was then taken on the first clause
of the third division of the proposition, exclud-
ing the words in italics, and decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 163, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs   Chilton Allan, Anthony, \«h, Ashley,
Barton, Beale, Bean, Beaumont, Bell, Bockee, Boon, Boul
din, Bovee, Boyd, Brown, Bunch, Bynum, John Callioon,
Cambreleng, Carr, Carter, Casey, John Chambers, Chaney,
Chapman, Chapín, Nathamtl H   Claiborne, John F   H
Claiborne, Clev land, Coffee, Coles, Conner, Craig, Cramer,
Cu-hman, Davis, Deberry, Dicker-on, Doubkday, Drom
Roole, Dunlap, Effner, Fairfield, Farlin, Forester, French,
Fry, William K   Fuller, GUbraith, James Garland, Rice
1 Garland, Gillet, Griliam, Grdiitland, Grave-, Hah v, Jo-eph
Hall, Hamer, Hanncg-in, Hardin, Harlan  Albert G  Harn
son, Hawes, Havvkin-, H ivnes, Henderson, Holsey, Hop
kins, Hovvard, Howell, Hublej, Huntington,  Huntsman,
Ingersoll, Joseph Jack-on, Jarvi-, Jenifer, Jo eph Johnson,
Richard M Johnson, Cave John-on, Henrj Joliii-on, Ben
jamin Jones, Judson, Kennon, Kilgore Kinnard, Khngen-
smith, Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Lawler, Gideon Lee, Jn-hm
Lee,  Luke Lea, Leonard, Logan, Lovall, Lyon, Abijah
Mann,JobMann,Marining,Martin,JolinA  Mi-on, iVih'am
Ma-on,  Moses   Maso 1, Maurj. Maj, McComa-, McKay,
MeKcon, MeKim, McLene, Mercer, Alilkr Montgomery,
Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Park-, Patter
son, Patton, Franklin Pierce, James A  Pi arce, Pettigrtvv,
Phelps, Pincknev,Rencher, Reynolds, Kiplev, Roane, Rob
ert-on, Roger-, Schenck,  Sevmour, William  B   Shepard
Augustine II   Shepperd, Shield-, Shinn, Sir kles, Smith'
Spangler, Standefer, Steele, Storer. Sutherland, Taliaferro,
Taylor, Thomas, John Thouipon,Toucey, Towns, Turnll,
' Underwood, A'anderpoel, AVaii ner, AVardvvell, VVa lung
ton, Weeks, AVhite, Lewis Williams, and  Sherrod Wil
hams —163
NAYS—Messrs \dams, Heman Allen, Bailev, Banks,
Bond, Borden, Briggs, William B. Calhoun, George Cham
bers, Childs, Clark, Corwin, Cnne, Cu-hing, Darlington,
Denny, Evans, Everett, Philo C Tuller, Granger, Hard,
Hazeltine, Hei-ter, Hoar, Hunt, Ingham, William Jackson,
I Janes, Lawrence, Lay, Lincoln, Love Simpson Ma-on,
McCarty, McKennan, Moms, Parker, Dutee J Pearce,
Phillips, Pott-, Reed, Russell, Sloine, Sprague, A niton,
Webster, and \A7lnttlesey—47
The question recurred on the second bi inch of
the sentence, being the -uon' > in italic*, and was
decided in the affumatnc, as follow -, .
YE \S—Messrs  Ash, A-lilc , Barton, B< ah , Bean, Bell,
Bockee, Bouldin, Bov h, Bind, Bunch, Bynum, John Cal
hoon, Cambreleng, C implK.ll, C.irHr, I 1 cv, John ( lmn
bers, Chapman, Chapín, Varliiu I 11 Uuborne John F.
II. Claiborne, Clevel md. Coffee, Cole-, Connor, ( raig, Cra-
mer, Cushman, Davi-, Deberij, Doubled iv,   Dromgoole,
Dunlap, Effner, Tairñeld, Tarlin, lorc-tn, Fr^ndi, Wil
ham K Fuller, Galbraith, James Girland, Rice Garland,
Gillet, Graham, Grantland, Gnves, Jo eph Hall   II uncr,
Hannegan, Hardin, Albert G  Harrison, Haw<-, Havvkin-,
Haynes, Holsey, Hopkins, Howard, Huntington, Hunts
man, Ingham, Jo-eph Jackson, Jarv is, Jemler, Jo-cph John
son, Richard M Johnson, Cave Johnson, Henry John on,
Kinnard, Khngensmith, Lansing, Lawler, Jo-htia Lee,
Luke Lea, Leonard, Logan, Loyall, Lyon, Abijah Mann,
Manning, Martin, John Y Mason, William Ma on, Mo-es
Mason, Maury,May, McComas,McKay,McKeon,AlcKun,
McLene, Mercer, Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Muhlen
berg, Owens, Page, Parks,  Patterson, Patton,   Franklin
Pierce, Pettigrew, Peyton, Phelp-, Pinckney, Rencher,
Reynolds Ripley, Roane, Robert-on, Rogers, Seymour, Au
gu-tine II Shepperd, Shields, Standc<er, Steele, Tiliaterro,
Taylor, Waddy Thompson, Toucev, Towns, Turnll, A an
derpoel,  Ward, Washington, Weeks, White, and Lewis
Williams—127
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Anthony, Banks, Beaumont, Bond, Boon, Boidcn, Briggs,
Brown, William B Calhoun, Carr, George Chambers,
Chaney, Child-, William Clark, Corwin, Crane, Cu-lung,
Darlington, Dennv, Dickerson, Evans, Everett, Philo C.
Fuller, Granger, Halev, Hard, Harlan, Hazeltine, Hender
son, Heistcr, Hoar, Howell, Hunt, Inger-oll, William Jack-
son, Janes, Judson, Kilgore, Lane, Laporte, Lawrence,
Lay, Lincoln, Love, Job Mann, Sampson Mason, McCarty,
McKennan, Miller, Milhgan, Moms, Parker, Dutee J
Pearce, Phillip-, Potts, Reed, Ru-sell, Schenck, ¡-hum,
Sloane, Smith, Spangler, Sprague, Sion r, John Thom-on,
Underwood. Vinton, Wardwcll, AVeb-ter, Whittlesey, and
I Sherrod William—76
The latter clause of the resolution was read as
follows:
I " Assigning such rca oris for these conclusions as, m the
judgment of the committee, may be best calculated to en
lighten the public mind, to repress agitation, to allay excite-
ment, to sustain and pieservu the ju-l rights ot the slave-
holding State-, and of the people of this District, and to
ree-tabli-h harmony and tranquillity amongst the vanou 
sections oí the Union "
The question on the adoption of the foregoing
was decided in the affitmative, as follows:
YEAS—Mcssr- Adam , Chilton Mian, Anthonv, Ash,
Bank-, Beale, Bean, B( aumont, Bell, Bond, Boon Borden,
1 Bouldin, Bovd, Brown. Buchanan, Bunch, Bvnum John
I   Calhoon, William B   Calhoun, Cambreleng, Carr, Carter,
Casey, George Chambers, John Chambers, Chaney, Chap-
man, Chapín, Nathaniel  H   Claiborne, John T   H   Clai-
borne, Cleveland, Coffee, Coles, Connor, Corwin, Craig
j Cramer, Crane, Cushing, Cushman, Darlington, Deberry,
Dicker-on, Doubledaj, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Fairfield, For-
ester, Fren -h, Frv, Philo C Fuller, William K Fuller,
Galbraith, James Garland, Rice Garland, Gillet. Graham,
Grantland, Graves, Halev, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Hannegan,
Hardin, Harlan, Albert G. Harnson, Hawkins, Hayne-,
Hazeltine, Hender-on, Holsey, Hopkins, Howard, Howell,
Hubley, Huntington, Hunt-man,Ingersoll, Ingham, Jo-eph
Jack-on, Janes, Jarvi- Jeni'er Richard M John-on, Cave
Johnson, Judson, Kilgore, Kinnard, Khngensmith, Lane,
Lan-ing, Laporte, Lawler, Joshua Lee, Luke Lea, Leon-
ard, Lincoln, Logan, Love, Loyall, Abijah Mann, Job
Mann Af anning. Martin. John Y Ala-on, William Mason,
Mo-es Ma-on, Samp on Ma*on, Maury, McComas, McCay,
I McKeon, MeKim, Mercer, Miller, Milhgan, Montgomery,
I Morns, Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Parker, Parks, Patter
son, Dutee J Peaice, Franklin Pierce, Petttgrcw, Peyton,
i   Phelp-, Pincknev, Rem her Jo-eph Reynold-, Roane, Rob
1 enson, Roger-,'schenck, S-vmour, William B Shepard,
Augustine H  Shepperd, Shields, Shinn, Smith, Spangler,
I Sprague, i-tandeh r, Steele, Storer. Sutherland, Taliaferro,
Tavlor, Tiloma-, John Thomson, Toucey, Towns, Turnll,
Und"rw ood, A andorpoel, A'intnn, Wagener, Ward, AVard-
wcll, AVaslnngton, Websfei, Week-, White, Whittlesey,
Lewis Williams, and Sherrod Williams—188
NAA'S—Messrs Heman Allen, Evans, William Jackson,
Lawrence, Phillip-, anil Sloane—6
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, asked the con-
! sent of the House to permit him, and also the
j gentlemen from Georgia and Virginia, [Messrs.
GiAscocKand Robertson,] to enter their reasons
I on the Journals for the vote given by them on the
|| resolution just adopted.
J      Ob|ectionbeing made, Mr. GLASCOCKmoved
to suspend the rules fot that purpose; which was
I disagreed to.
