t&M.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing; message from the President of the United
States:
Tj the Scrftc and Howe of Reprc^entathes •
The Government of Ore it Britain lias offered it  media-
tion for the adnistinent of the dispute between the United
States and France. Carefully guarding that point in the
controversy which, as it m\ol\es our honor and independ-
ence, admits of no compionnse, I have cheerfully aecrpted
the offer, it will he obviou-ly improper to resort eve  to
the mildest measures of a compulsory character, until it is
ascertained whether France has declined or accepted the
mediation. I therefore recommend a suspension ol all pro-
ceedings on that part of my special tues-age of the 15th of
January last, winch proposes a partial non-intercourse with
France. While we cannot too highly appreciate tbc ele-
vated and disinterested motives ot the offer of Great Britain,
and have a ju t reliance upon the great influence of that
power to restore the relations of ancient friendship between
the United States and France, and know, too, that our own
pacific policy will be strictly adhered to until the national
honor compels u, to depart from it, we should be insensible
to the exposed condition of our country, and forget the
lessons of experience, if we did not efficiently and sedu-
lously prepare for an adverse result. The peace of a nation
doe* not depend exclusively upon its own will, nor upon
the beneficent policy of neighboring powers; and that na-
tion which is found totallj unprepared lor the exigencies
and dangers of war, although it come without having given
warning of its approach, is criminally negligent of its honor
and its duty. I cannot too strongly repeat the recommenda-
tion already made to place the sea-board in a proper state of
defense, and promptly to provide the means for amply pro-
tecting our commerce.               ANDREW JACKSON.
Washington, February 8,1836.
On motion by Mr. MASON, of Virginia, the
message was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following communications:         ^
I.  The annual report of the Commissioners of
the Sinking Fund. Laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
II.  A communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting a report of the Topographical
Bureau in reference to a light-house on Brandy-
wme Shoal. Referred to the Committee on, Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
III.  A letter from the Secretary of War, com-
municating a report in reference to the mineral
lands in Missouri. Laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
The House then (at a quarter after five o'clock,
p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 9, 1836.
On motion by Mr. PORTER, the petition of
Don Carlos Dehault de Lassus, presented at the
last session, was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of Anna H.
Penrose, praying for the payment of interest on
a claim heretofore allowed by Congress; which
wes referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HILL presented the petition of Elijah
Harris, praying for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
Ovid J. Johnson and six others, who had been
appointed a committee by a large and respectable
meeting of the citizens of Dauphin county, con-
vened in the borough of Harrisburg, on the 28th
day of August last, "to prepare a memorial to
each House of Congress, praying the appropria-
tion by the General Government of a sum suffi-
cient to remove to Africa free negroes willing to I
remove, and manumitted slaves, equal inamount j
to the whole annual increase of (lie colored popu-
lation of this country; and also such additional
number as in the wisdom of Congress the finances
of the nation and other considerations may justify;
if in their opinion the Constitution of the United I
States will justify such appropriations; and if not,
then to adopt measures to effect such an alteration \
of it as will authorize the measure."
Mr. B. said the committee, in their memorial,
had gone at length into the subject, and had
treated it with much ability. A proper degree of
respect for them, and those whom they represent,
required that this memorial should be printed for
the use of the Senate. He would, therefore .move
for its printing; and, for the present, that the
memorial be laid upon the table.
These motions were adopted.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of a num-
ber of the citizens of the town of Alexandria, in
the District of Columbia, representing the moral
evils and pecuniary embarrassments produced by
the drawing of lotteries, and praying for their
abolishment; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia,
On motion by Mr. BENTON, the resolution
submitted by him, directing the Committee on
the District of Columbia to inquire into the expe-
diency of abolishing lottery drawings and the
sale of lottery tickets in the District of Columbia,
was then taken up and agreed to.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented a memorial
from a number of citizens from the State of Ala-
bama, on the subject of the commissions for
adjusting private land claims in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, also presented a me-
morial from sundry citizens of Alabama, praying
for the establishment of a mail route from Tus-
keaga, passing through Wetumpka,&c, to Tus-
caloosa; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of the
trustees of the French college of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, praying for a grant of land; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PRESTON presented the petition of Wil-
liam Easby; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of
Elizabeth Flicker, widow of Henry Richardson,
a seaman who was lost in the Wasp, stating that
she had neglected to avail herself, within the
period limited, of the benefits of the law passed
in favor of the widows and orphans of the officers
and crew of the Wasp, and praying that the
proper allowance may now be granted to her;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, from the Committee
oa Public Lands, to which the same had been
referred, reported without amendment the bill to
remove the United States land office from Clinton
to Jackson, in the State of Mississippi.
Mr. E., from the same committee, reported
unfavorably on several memorials from the Legis-
lature of Missouri and citizens of that State,
praying for a division of certain land districts,
and for the establishment of a new land office in
that State.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Clatms, to which had been referred the
petition of Antonio Segura and others, repotted a
bill for their relief; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.                 „•,
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which had been referred the bill
confirming the claims of Joseph Lorin, alias La
Rochelle, and those claiming under him, to a tract
of land in Missouri, reported the same without
amendment.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered and agreed
to:
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce be request-
ed to inquire into the practicabdity and usefulness of placing
buoys at proper sites in the channels of the rivers Nanti-
eoke, Morrokin, Annamessex, Pocomoke, and Wicomico;
in the stmts of Hooper and Casy; and in the sounds of
Tangier and Pocomoke, to render them more safely navi-
gable; and an estimate of the cost of such buoys, if neces-
sary.
Mr. SHEPLEY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of prohibiting by
law all persons receiving salaries as officers or clerks to the
two Houses of Congress, from acting as agents, or from re-
ceiving in any maimer compensation for services rendered
to persons, or to their agents, having claims against the
United States.                                                               ,
Mr. SHEPLEY said it was proper for him to
remark that, in submitting this resolution, he had
no reference whatever to the officers and clerks ,
of the Senate. On the contrary, so far as he was
informed and believed, they never had engaged
in any such agencies as were referred to in the
resolution, and had always performed their duties
with the utmoit fidelity and ability.                       I
Mr. ROBINSON submitted the following res-
I olution; which lies on the table one day:
| Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Omoe and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Terre Haute, Indiana, t 
Vandalia, Illinois.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day:
R esolvei, That the Secretary of War be directed to send
to the Senate the official report of the expedition of the
United States dragoon , under the command of Colonel
Dodge, during the last summer to the Rocky mountains,
I with the journal and map accompanying said journal; mak-
I mg such change m the map as will show the position of the
different Indian tribes situated on the frontiers of Louisiana,
Arkansas, Missouri, and the northwest irontier.
BILLS   PASSED.
I The following bills were severally read the
third time and passed:
The bdl authorizing the relinquishment of the
sixteenth sections granted for the use of schools,
and the entry of other lands in lieu thereof;
The bill for the relief of David Beard;
The bill making appropriations for the payment
of charges incurred for the support of the Pen-
itentiary in the District of Columbia for the year
1835;
The bill toprovide for the opening of certain
roads in the Territory of Arkansas;
The bill for the relief of Captain Augustus A.
Nicholson;
The bill for the relief of James Thomas;
The bill to continue in force the act for the final
adjustment of private land claims in Missouri,
approved 9th July, 1832;
The bill for the relief of Walter Loomis and
Abel Gay;
The bill to revive the act of 24th May, 1832,
for the relief of John Donnelson, Stephen Heard,
and others;
The bill for the relief of Hiram A. Hunter;
The bill providing for the settlement of the
claims of Mary O. Sullivan;
The bill to provide for the legal adjudication
and settlement of claims to lands therein men-
tioned; and
The bill making appropriations in part for the
support of Government for the year 1836.
NATIONAL DEFENSE.
The resolution of Mr. Bekton was then taken
up; and the Senate was addressed at length on
this subject by Messrs. LEIGH and BROWN;
but before Mr. Brown concluded he gave way to
Mr. GRUNDY, on whose motion the Senate
adjourned.                      ____^___
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 9. 1836.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to submit and
have entered upon the Journal a protest of him-
self, Mr. Glascock, of Georgia, and Mr. Rob-
ertson, of Virginia, assigning the reasons for
their votes against the first branch of the instruc-
tions in Mr. Pincknet 's resolution, as adopted
yesterday.
Objection being made, Mr. GARLAND moved
to suspend the rule for the purpose indicated,
and asked for the yeas and nays on his motion;
which were ordered.
The Protest was then read for information, as
follows:
The undersigned, who voted in the House of Represent-
atives on Monday, the 8th instant, against the first clause
of the instructions to the select committee proposed to be
raised under the resolution offered by Mr. Pinckney, to
which " all the memorials which have been offered, or may
hereafter be presented to this House, praying for the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia," and also the
resolution offered by an honorable member from Maine,
[Mr. Jabvi ,] with the amendment thereto proposed by an
honorable member from Virginia; [Mr. Wise,] " together
with everv other paper or proposition that may be submitted
iu relation to the subject," are to be referred, winch clause
is as follow : " That Congress possesses no constitutional
authority to interfere in any way with tbe institution of
slavery in any of the States of this Confederacy"—did so
vote, and now protest against said clause.
1. Because trie constitutionalpowerof Congress "to in
terfere in any way with the institution of slavery in any of
the States of this Confederacy" is not brought m question,
or in anv manner referred to, in any memorial that has been
presented, or in the resolution mentioned, or tile amendment
thereto; and we will not consent f > have so vital and im-
portant a proposition brought forward gratuitously, referred
to a committee of the House, reported on, and reasons given
for a conclusion not open for discussion, thereby, as we
