174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
conceive, admitting the power of Congress to entertain the
quemón, and asking its opinion upon a subject about n ¡uoh
it has no right to exprc  one
•2 Because, believing as we do, that it is undeniable,
" Congress possesses no constitutional authority to interfere
in anvwav «ith the institution 01 slavery in any ot the
States of thi- tonfideracv ' it is our intention to prevent
any di cus=ion ot that question, «o far as it is in our poivi r,
or even it  «ubmi -ion as a proposition to Congress, and
being determined now, and at all other timo , to resist any
such assumption ot authority,  e will not permit any doubt
ot -uüi absence ot constitutional power to lie qiiestiontd or
interred, bv consenting to reter it to the committee of a
body baling no jurisdiction, and obtaining trom it a dis-
claimer ot a want ot such authority.
The undi rsigned having been prevented from stating their
objections in the House to the aforesaid clause in the in-
struction"!, by the precious question having been called for
and sustained w itlmi one hour after this most important
resolution was submitted—now, to prevent all mi-coneep
tion or misconstruction as to their motives and opinion-,
submit this solemn protect against this House entertiinmg
any such proposition, and respectfully ask that it, and their
reason , as herein briefly stated, may be entered on the
Journal                                    RICE GARL \.ND,
THOS   GLASCOCK,
JOHN ROBERr--0\
Hoise or Rehiesbntatuks, February 9,18J6
The question on suspending the rule for the
presentation of the foregoing protest was then
decided in the negative, as follows
YE 4S—Messrs Heman Allen, Anthony, Briggs, Bunch,
John t alhoon, William B Calhoun,Campbell, Carr, Carter,
John Chambers, Chapman, Childs, Nathaniel II Claiborne
John* H Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee Corwin, Deberry
Dennv,Everett, Forester, Piulo U Fuller, James Garland
RiceGarland, Glascock, Graham, Granger, Grantland, Gray
son, Uriffin, Hammond, Hannegan, Hajnes, Hoar, Holsey,
Hunt, Huntsman, Jabez Jackson, Lawler, Lawrence, Luke
Lea Lincoln, Love,Lucas, Lyon, AbijahMann, Manning,
Mytin, John Y Mason, Moses Mason, Maury, McComas
Miller, Moore, Page, Patton, James A I'earce, Pcttigren,
Peyton, Phillip,, Pxckens, Reed, Rencher, Roger-, Ru sell
Schenck, V  ilium B Shepard, Augustine H Shepperd,
Shields, Sloane, Smith, Spangler, Standefer, Steele, John
Thomson, W addy Thompson, Towns, Vinton, Washing
ton, White, and Wise—81                                            *
NAVS—Messrs Adams, Ash, Ashley, Bailey, Bean,
Bond, Boon, Bovee, Brown, Bynum. Cambreleng, Casey
George Chamber , Cliapm, Clark, Coles, Connor, Craig
Cramer, Crane, Cushing. Cushman, Darlington, DaviS
Dickerson,Doubleday, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Effner, Evans
F-urfield, rarlin, Fovvler, French, Fry, William K Fuller
G.llet, Hile5 Jo-eph Hall, Hamer', Hardin, Harlan, Samuel
L Jn'°u 'w aW u'Hawkins=H  lune, Heister, koward,
inXl' iUb,e}',,Huntin,Bton' I *™*. Ingham, William'
Jackson, Janes, Jarvis, Joseph Johnson, Richard M John-
son Live Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Judson, Kennon,Kil
gore, Kinmrd, Khngcnsmith, Lane, Lansing, Lay, Gideon
Mn n„ «™a ' ^eo ara  Loya , Job Mann, William
Ma-on,   Samps in   Mason,   May,   McKav    McKennan
Morgan, Morris, Muhlenberg, Owens, Parker Parks Pat
terso,,, Dutee J Pearce, ¿Klips, Potts John Reynoílsfjt
«¡pli Rev nolds, Roane, Seymour, Shirin, Snraeue Stórr-T
Sutherland T-Ü.afer.5, Taj lor, 'Thorn"; W uX'
wood, Vai.derpoel, Wagener, Wardvvell, Week , Whittle
Rey, Lewis William-, and Sherrod VVUháms-113
February 9,
J                      APPROPRIATION BILLS.
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the
House then resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr Miller
in the chair.
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee took up the bill making appropriations for
the naval service for the year 1836
The bill had before been under the considera-
tion of the Committee of the Whole, and the
pending amendment was Mr. Cambrelenc's, to
strike out $950,000, and insert the sum of
$3,000,000, for repairs of vessels in ordinary, and
the repairs and wear and tear of vessels in com-
mission, and completing those on the stocks.
Mr. CAMBRELENG withdrew the amend-
ment, so as not to embarrass the passage of the
present bill, and especially as the subject would
come up in a separate bill to be reported by the
Committee on Naval Affairs. This being the or-
dinary appropriation bill, and Mr. C.° having
withdrawn the only amendment pending, ho
hoped it would pass without delay.
Mr BELL moved to reduce the several appro-
priations for the navy-yards one half the amount
proposed in the bill. Mr. B read the various
items proposed, and maintained that such large
appropriations should not be passed, in the pros-
pect of a contingency that might probably ensue.
The items were as follows:
Mr WASHINGTON moved to suspend the
rule until two o'clock, for the purpose of calhn°-
the States for petition ; which was dedded in
the negative—ayes 98, noes 79; two thirds beinz
necessary.                                                                °
Mr PATTON, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported a bill authorizing a special term of
the court of appeals of the Territory of Florida
and for other purposes, which was read twice
and ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. PARKER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Challes
W Pickering, which was read twice and com-
muted.
,ePMn   ^AS0N\°I VlrS'ma' from the Commit-
llLT.e T°hel8n n* ™' reP°rted a bl" for the
relief of Thomas P. Barton, which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported the following bills;
which were lead twice and committed.
A bill to repeal so much of an act entitled "An
act transferring the duties of Commissioner of
Loans to the Tfcnk of the Umted States, and
abolishing the office of Commissioner of Loans,"
as requires the Bank of the United States to per-
form the duties of Commissioner of Loans for
the several States;                                                       I
h Ab'f t0 V™8™1* the «ode of paying pensions '
heretofore granted by the United States; and
A bill to suspend the duties and powers of the
Commissioner of the Sinking Fuñí.
Ihe further presentation of reports from com-
mittees was here cut off by the expiration of the
morning hour.
For improvements and necessary repairs of the navy-
yard at Portsmouth, New Himpshire, $b7,000, at Charle .
SS^n  afrS1lU5eíts1' S"9'000; at Brooklyn, New York,
$84,300, at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, §U,750 , at Wash
cofa"$64 000^' at G°"pon' V'rSima> «167,000, at Pensa
Mr JARVIS thought the gentleman should at
least examine whether the appropriations were
necessary or not, before he made a sweeping mo-
tion to reduce the whole of them indiscriminately
one half. Mr J. then read various estimates and
details from the officers of the Department in re-
ference to the pioposed items. Mr J. said,
whether there was peace or war, these works
should be completed
Mr BELL again opposed the items, on the
ground that this was not the time to make such
an extraordinary outlay of the public money,
when the public resources might be wanted for
other objects He then modified his motion, in
order to test the question, by confining the amend-
ment at present to the first item, and moved that
the appropriation for the improvement and i epairs
2QQ^or?3ínOUth' ^ Hampsh.re, be reduced
$.«,500, being one half the amount pioposed in
the bill                                                    r   l
Mr SUTHERLAND said he would vote for
the proposed appropriations, unless gentlemen
could show that they were unnecessary, or in-
correct In the first place, an appropriation was
asked, for the purpose of making a timber shed
that he considered necessary, for the preservation
1 of the timber Another was for a mast and boat
house: that he also considered necessary, whether
there should be war or not. A timber dock was
also asked for- that the officers whose duty it was
to attend to that business had thought neces-
sary, and he would take their word, unless «rcn-
tlemen could show that they were incorrect.
Mr CUSHMAN hoped the motion of the -on-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr Bell] would "not
prevail. It was his intention, if the pending
amendment was negatived, to ask for any addi-
tional sum for the navy-yard at Portsmouth, New
Hampshire. The improvements proposed by the
Naval Committee were absolutely necessary ,n
time of peace, and no remark which he should
make would be predicated upon the supposition
La T WU,h, FranCe- That Power' he was per"
fniJ   t' Y0^ "0t Perslst ln her rc<^al to carry
Uoník^í6 treaty °f 183h   The *PP~Pn¿
t on asked for was not made upon the ground
supposed by the gentleman from Tennessee?"
had no reference to a war with France. It was
a wise saying, and a correct principle, which
slim, d never %e lost sight of, tLt i„P peac? We
should prepare for war. He repeated, that the
proposed improvements and repair of the navy-
yard at Portsmouth, we.e absolutely necessaTv
under any state of things. He had {hree wetks
ago submitted a resolution, directing an in^u ry
into the expediency of erecting one   or more
wharves at this navy-yard, and it was for this
object he contemplated asking for an additional
sum to that contained in the bill
Mr. PARKER replied to Mr Bell, and re-
cited the clauses of an act of Congress author-
izing the construction of certain navy-yards, and
the report of the Department made to Congress.
Mr P maintained, at length, that the proposed'
appropriations were necessary, and it was false
economy to suppose anything would be saved by
reducing them one half.
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, said, so far from the
reduction of the navy-yard at Pensacola being
possible, he intended to move to double that pio-
posed appropriation as soon as the proper time
arrived.
The CHAIR said that point was not under
consideration.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said, he had looked into
the appropriations of Portsmouth for the last two
years. He found that in 1834 it was $40,700, and
in 1835 $39,925, while $67,000 was proposed for
the present year, the only explanation of which
was, that a large portion of it was required for
erecting sheda to preserve the live-oak timbei.
He thought, at least, the appropriation should be
reduced to the limit of the last two years, and
not contain an excess of between $20,000 and
$30,000 He said the House was very econom-
ical in small matters, and a trifling proposition
handed in by himself to the Committee on the
Rules to furnish lists of yeas and nays for the
people, was returned to him by the chairman of
that committee [Mr. Mann, of New York] on
the ground of the expense. Mr U. complained
of the extravagance of the proposed items in this
bill, and hope^they would be amended The
members of the committees in charge of this bill
came generally fiom the large cities, and they
were therefore more interested in the proposed
appropriations.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, said, it was
argued, that they ought to curtail these appro-
priations, because there was a surplus on hand
from last year.   All the money on hand, he con-
ceived, was pledged; some portions for the pay-
ment of the crew-s of vessels on long voyages,
and for timber and other materials  contracted
for.   There was, at the end of every fiscal year,
an unexpended  balance, but that balance was
pledged, and could not be transferred, for any
other purpose whatsoever.    He was in favor of
making  appropriations   speedily to finish the
works  already commenced,   because   delaying
j the completion of the kind of work contemplated
in this item generally resulted in a loss of twenty
per c nt.   He would take the estimates and rec-
ommendations of the Navy Boaid, or the Secre-
tary of the Navy as correct, unless gentlemen
could show that those statements were erroneous
I     Mr. PHILLIPS should vote for this appro-
priation, as he should vote for eveiy other for a
public object, where nothing could be adduced
against its propriety  and  necessity.    He   was
satisfied that, from the increase of materials, and
tor other reasons, the estimated amount was not
too large.   Mr. P. entered at length into sundry
statements connected with the subject, and the
""exPen<!ed balances undcr the acts of 1827 and
1833.   Mr   P.  should like  to know from the
chairman of the Naval Committee, what amount
remained of the unexpended balance on this navy-
yard for the last year.                                           '
Mr JARVIS replied, that it was impossible
lor him to say what amount remained unexpended
of a balance of $1,750.
tr,5ínr;PKHíItL   u    &¿miUed  the  item  ™™V
i  n    11'            6 shJ0U,1<l aPP'y the same principle
to all the unexpended balances of the other iterns,
' nf .hlf    «d rcneW the same ""J^ry «P°« each
Sf„rT*i          c,°mplained that no statements of
those balances had been furnished from th* De-
commmtS- ^Vt™^ the chairman  of the
I     M    n/iiír0*^ be Prepared with them.
thnY  ,DUN^AP sa'd it could not be expected
that those who come from a different section of
the country than that where these works were
situated, should vote for them without statements
or estimates.   He was ever ready to vote for
appropriations that were requisite, but he could
T/^r that lt was necessary to vote a sum
or 118,000 to erect a shed to protect timber, at
