1836.
THE C0JÍGRE8S10NAL GLOBE.
175
least until his mind was satisfied that it was |
indispensable: he never should vote to appropri-
ate the people's money  for this  purpose.     He
hoped the ,\nn nd.nent would prevail.
Mr. BELL explained, that he was not so much
opposed to the appropnation itself, as he was to
such large appiopnatious at this time. It was,
with him, a mere question of expediency; for, in
case of \v ai, the money w ould be w anted to equip
ships of wai, and put the countiy in a state of
defense. He did not want to delay this bill, but
he pledged himself at a future day to go into the
whole subject, not only of our foieign relations,
fortifications, ¿c, but of the whole civil estab-
lishment of the Government.
Mi. CAMBRELENG was hanpy to hear that
it was not the gentleman's [Mi. Bell's] pxirpose
to oppose the passage of the oidinary appiopna-
tion bill, for Air. C. thought he knewthatge ntle-
man too well to suppose he would -waste lus (he
upon so small an occasion The gentleman had
told them, that on a pioper occasion he would
come foi w ard. Mr. C. hoped the gt ntleman w ould
then give them his views, and he hoped when
he did so, that he would be more successful in
explaining them than he had been on the present
occasion, for to this hour Mi. C. had been un-
able to understand what the gentleman had been
driving at. The gentleman said, whether war or
peace was to ensue, he wished to reserve our
funds, in order, if called upon for large appropria-
tions, they might apply them to the proper object.
Well, taking tlus forgrantcd, suppose they should
'Tie called upon to make large appropriations dur-
ing the present session, to defend ouiselves from
war with France, was this the place the gentle-
man proposes to sav e the means to do it ? Wou'd
he propose to diminish the conveniences of the
navy-yards in such a crisis' Let any man look
to the present condition of our navy-yards, and
compare them with the most insignificant Power
of Europe—Sweden, Denmark, or any other petty
Powei of the Atlantic—andwhatwere they' They
were in as bad a condition as our fortifications.
Mr. C. then referred to the acts by wlucha grad-
ual increase of the Navy had been authorized, and
compared the proposed items in this bill with
those of foimer years, to show that they varied
in some particulars—some moie, and some less
He had hoped, whenhe withdiew the amendment
of $2,000,000, that the lull would have gone speed-
ily through the committee. He had withdrawn
that proposition for the purpose of facilitating the
passage of the ordinary appropriation bill, and
he did not anticipate the opposition of the gentle-
man fiom Tennessee, [Mr. Bell ] Mr. C. said,
that be the result of our foieign relations what
they might, he should vote to put this country in
an altitude for war, not only upon the ground of
expediency, but upon the ground of policy, not
to suffer this nation to be insulted by every Power
on earth. He hoped the bill would pass as it stood.
Mr. HARDIN said, he could not but admue
the largeness of the views of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cambrelevg] upon the subject
of those appropriations. A bill, amounting alto-
gether to the sum of about four hundred thousand
dollars, was considered so small a matter in his
eyes that he could not perceive how gentlemen
sylvama [Mr. Sutherland] hid said that they
could object to it; a'ld a gentleman from Penn-
ought to take all the estimates and ic commenda-
tions of the Departments as correct, until the
contrary was shown. He thought if that gentle-
man would look around, he would see that it was
almost impossible for members on that floor to
show that those estimates were not coriect, even
if that should be the case; and according to that
doctrine the House would have to give all that
the Departments asked. He thought, however,
he saw the object of gentlemen in recommending
large appropriations. He thought they were in
reality nothing but a trick to get all the surplus
revenue expended on the sea-board, and not to
give the western country a cent of it.
Mr. PARKER said that a part of the increase
of expenditure was on account of the increase in
pay of officers of the Navy, and the greater num-
ber of men íequired this yeai over the last; and
he hoped the committee was ready to vote on the
subject, and that the original appropriation would
be sustained.
Mr. PHILLIPS explained He raid he had
| asked the chairmin of the Committee on Naval
Affins whether he could furnish the committee
with a statement of the amount of the unexpended
balince of list year, as he could not ascertain
from the documents whether it had bi en expended
or not; and he thought the House wai getting
intoaloose way of making appropriations. With
regard to the Navy, he was in favor of the most
liberal expenditurt , but he did not wish to expend
money unless it was actually necessary. If they
w ould give him the information, he would proba-
bly go as far in favor of appi opriations for the
defense of the country as any other gentleman.
On motion by Mr. MANN, of New Yoik, the
committee then rose, and reported progress
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 10, 183G.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Do\'ELsov,his Private
1 Secretary, transmitting, in compliance with the
resolution of the Senate of the 3d instant, a report
from the Secietaiy of War on the subject of the
Indian w ar in Florida.
On motion by Mr. GRUNDY, it was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs; and ordered
to be printed.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. KINCt, of Georgia, presented the petition
of John Cair; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
James Glentworth; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. McKEAN, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which had been referred the peti-
tion of George Dawson, reported a bill for his
relief, which was read, and oidered to a second
reading.
Mr. SHEPLEY.fiom the Committee on Claims,
to which had been referred the petition of Fiancis
Allen, teported a bill making an appiopriation of
four thousand dollars, to compensate him and the
owners of the ship Cadmus for bringing General
i La Fayette to this country in 1824; which was ¡
I read, and oidered to a second reading.                    |
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on the ii
Judiciary, to which had been referred the bill con-  .
cerning writs of erior and appeals in the Supitme
Court on suits in relation to the revenue laws of
the United States, reported the  same with an
amendment.
On motion by Mr. TYLER, leave was granted
to Captain William Rogers to withdraw his peti-
tion and papers, presented two years ago.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, on leave, introduced a
bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
compromise the claims of the United States
against the Bank of Steubenville and the German
Bank of Wooster, Ohio; which was twice read
and referred.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. NILES submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resohed, That the Committee on Finance be instructed   I
to inquire whether, by the instruction given to the revenue   |
laws, a duty is paid on .anthracite and other fossil coal un
ported into the United States from foreign countries; also,
if a dutv is paid, to inquire into the expediency ot repealing
the same; and, further, to inquire into the expediency of
adding coil screening charcoal, culm, and coke to the list
of articles imported tree ot duty, provided this can b" done
without intcrlerin; w itli the pnnciples of compromise re-
cognized in the act in relation to the* revenue, passed in
18.U
Mr. PRENTISS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of granting a pension to
Milts de Forrest, a soldier in the revolutionary war.
BANK NOTES.                              I
Mr. BENTON rose and said, he had intended
yesterday, when the general appropriation bill
came up, to introduce an amendment, to which he
would then call the attention of the Senate; but hav-
ing left it accidentally at his lodging, he want for it, I
and on his return found that the bill had passed.
I He now asked the indulgence of the Senate to
1 permit him to lay it on the table, while he gave
notice that he would move to insert it as a par-
ticular section to the first appropriation bill that
came up. Mr. B. then laid the following on the
table; which was ordered to be printed:
Section-----   ^Jnii be tt further enacted, That no bank
note of a less denomination than twentj dollars shall here-
after be offered in pav mem, in any case whatsoever in which
mouthy is to be piid by the United States or the Post Office
Department; nor shall any bank note of any other denom
ination be so offered, unless the same «hall be payable and
piid on demand in gold or silver com at the place where
issued, and which shall not be equivalent to specie at the
place where offered, and convertible into gold and silver
upon the spot, at the will of the bolder, and without delay
or loss to him
NATIONAL DEFENSE.
Mr. Benton's resolution for the appropria-
tion of the surplus revenue was then taken up as
the special order; when
Mr. BROWN continued and concluded his
remarks begun yesterday.
After some remarks from Messrs. EWING, of
Ohio, WEBSTER, and PRESTON,
Mi. PRESTON submitted the following amend-
ment as a substitute to the original resolution, to
come in after the word "Resolved."
That such appropriations as may be necessary for the
purpose, ought to be made to carry on the system of general
defense and permanent protection of the country.
Mi. WRIGHT made a few observations, ex-
piessing his intention of addressing the Senate
on the general question before taking the question
on the amendments; but as the hour was late he
would yield the floor to any gentleman who de-
sired it.
On motion by Mr. WEBSTER, the further
consideration of the subject was then postponed
till to-morrow.
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
Mr. CLAY said that the Committee on Foreign
Relations, being desirous of ascertaining the iden-
tity of the dispatch from the Due de Broghe to
M. Pageot, he had, as chairman of the committee,
addressed a letter to the Department of State on
the subject, and he begged to lay the correspond-
ence on the table, and that it might be printed.
This motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS PASSED.
The following bills from the House were then
severally read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole, and ordered to a.
third reading:
1 The bill for the relief of Joseph Ruse and
Stephen Roach;
The bill for the relief of Lieutenant Washing-
ton Sea well;
The bill for the relief of Laurentius M. Eiler;
The bill for the relief of Owen Rice and others,
representatives of Jacob Eyerby;
The bill for the relief of Daniel Homans;
I The bill for the relief of John McDonell;
I     The bill for the relief of David Bartlett;
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Thomas
F. Townley;
The bill for the relief of Joseph Cooper;
The bill for the relief of John Pollock;
The bill for the relief of Henry Knowles,
senior;
The bill for the relief of Andrew Dodge;
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Franklin
Stickney;
The bill for the relief of Daniel Whitney;
The bill for the relief of Doctor William Baker,
of the District of Columbia;
The bill for the relief of William Baker, of the
State of New York;
The bill for the relief of Richard Hardesty;
The bill to authorize the settlement of the ac-
counts of Mannus W. Gilbert, an army sutler;
The bill for the relief of Marinus W. Gilbert;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of William Fmdlay;
The bill for the relief of James Tilford;
The bill for the relief of Abner Stetson;
The bill for the relief of Joshua Cullumber;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Thomas Beacham;
The bill for the relief of Joel Sartain;
The bill fer the relief of Jacob B. Gilbert;
