176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
February 10.
The bill for the relief of the executor of Charles
i&ti i lions*
The bill ft. the relief of John Saunders and
Purkv Put.iam,
The bill for die relief of David S. Campbell,
and                                      „   ,     ,
Th< bill for the n lief of the It gal rcpiescnta-
Uves of "Willie Blount.
On motion by Mr. CLAY, and by geneial con-
sent, the above bills were then severally read the
third time and passed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wedvesdat, February 10, 1^36.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee of
Claims, íeporteda bill for the relief of Jerah Fen-
ner, which was read twice and committed.
Mr SMITH, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the following bills; which
were read twice and committed,
A bill making additional appropriations for the
Delaware breakwater and for certain haibors, and
for removing obstructions in and at the mouths of
certain rivers, and for other puipo&es, toi the
year 1836, and
A bill directing the Secretary of Wai to íeport
annually certain information in relation to woiks
of internal improvements
Mi CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported the following bills,
which were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of H. and D. Cotheal, of
New York, and
A bill for the relief of Peter Harmony, of New
York
Mr. C, from the same committee, reported a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in ref-
erence to the relief of the sufferers by the late file
in New York; which was committed, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. JUDSON, from the Commtttee on Manu-
factures,reported the following resolution, which,
by the rule lies over one day:
Rcsohcd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to tran mit to tui= House the tables indicated in a note to
his annua1 report, showing the progress in the cultivation
anil manufacture ot cotton in the United States, and in
other countries, al-o, showing the comparative quality and
value of experts and import* ot cotton and cotton manufac
tures in the United States and other countries
Mr. STANDEFER, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of the heirs and legal representativ es of Philip
Turnei, deceased; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Air MILLER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensiona,repotted the following bills, which were
read twice and committed.
A biU for the relief of Peter L. Allen; and
A bill for the relief of Ebenezer Hickox.
Mr STORER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of John Logan, which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. KENNON, fiom the Committee on the
Public Lands, repoi ted a bill granting the right
of preemption to the president and directors of
the Mad river and Lake Erie canal company in
certain lands, when the Indian title to the same
shall be extinguished, which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. HARRISON, of Miisoun, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, reported a bill for the
relief of John Wiley and Jefferson Gieer, which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. ROBERTSON, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported the following bills, which
were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Thomas Cooper; and
A bill to refund the fine imposed on the late
Matthew Lyon.
Mr. FR\ , fiom the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Benjamin Puce, which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. MUHLENBERG, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the
relief of John Clark; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. BEAUMONT, fiom the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a* bill for the
relief of the heirs of the Marquis de Rochambcau,
which wa< rtad twice and committed.
Mi. JOHNSON, of Kentucky , fiom the Com-
mittee on Mihtaiy Affans, reported a bill fixing
the compensation of the officers of the Army em-
ployed on duty in the military bureaus of the
War Depaitment; which was lead twice and
committed.
Mr. CORWIN, fiom the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropria-
tions lor ceitain mihtaiy and otner roads, and
for examinations and surveys, for the year 1836,
which was rtad twice and comnutud.
Mr. HUNTSMAN, fiom the Committee on
Private Land Claims, repotted a bill for the re-
lief of Zebulon Sheets; which was lead twice and
committed
Mr. JARVIS, fiom the Select Committee on
the Public Buildings, reported a bill making ap-
piopuations for the public buildings, public
giounds, and for othei purposes, which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. WHITTLESEY,fiom the Committee of
Claims; Messrs. STORER and MORGAN, fiom
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions; Mr
THOMAS,fiom the Committee on the Judiciary
Mr ASH, fiom the Committee on Neval Affans,
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania, fiom the
Committee on Private Land Clainio, Mi BEAU-
MONT, fiom the Committei on Revolutionary
Claims, and Mi EVERETT, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs; made unfavorable reports
upon various petitions and memouals; which
were laid on the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to suspend the
rules for one hour, for the purpose exclusively
of submitting joint resolutions and íesolutions of
inquiry and of reference.
Mr. HEISTER moved to amend the motion so
as to include the presentation of petitions; which
was disagreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved to include in the propo-
sition similar resolutions heretofore submitted and
not disposed of.
Mr. UNDERWOOD accepted this amendment
as a modification of his motion.
The question was then taken; and the motion
of Mr. UNDERWOOD was negatived.
SENATE BILLS REFERREp.
The following bills from the Senate were lead
twice, and referred to appropriate committees:
i     A bill extending for a limited time the charters
of the Bank of Columbia, in Georgetown, and
the Bank of Alexandria, in the city of Alexandria;
A bill authorizing the relinquishment of the
sixteenth sections granted for the use of schools,
and the entry of others in lieu thereof;
A bill for the relief of Hiram A. Hunter;
A bill to revive and extend the provisions of an
act, of 24th May, 1834, for the lehef of the repre-
sentatives of John Thompson, Stephen Heard,
and others;
A bill for the relief of Walter Loo mis and Abel
Gav;
A bill to provide for the settlement of the claim
of Mary O'Sullivan;
A bill to provide for opening ceitain roads in
the Territory of Arkansas, and for other pui-
poses,
A bill for the relief of Captain Augustus A.
Nicholson,
A bill for the relief of David Beard;
A bill for the relief of James Thomas;
A bill to continue in force the act for the final
adjustment of land claims in the State of Mis-
souri, approved 9th July, 1832, and the act sup-
plemental y thereto, approved March 2, 1833;
A bill to provide for the legal adjudication and
settlement of claims to land therein mentioned,
and
A bdl making an appropriation for the payment
of charges incuried for the support of the peni-
tential y in the District of Columbia, for the year
1835.                                                                    '
The amendments of the Senate to the bill in-
corporating a fire insurance company in the city
of Alexandria, w«re considered and agreed to.
A bill authouzing a special term of the court
of appeals for the Territory of Florida, and for
other purposes, waa lead the third time and
passed.
APPROPRIATION*  BILLS.
The House then, on motion by Mr. CAM-
BRELENG, resolved itsi If into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr
Miller in the chair )
NAVY APPROPRI VTION BILL.
The committee resumed the consideration of
the bill making appropriations foi the naval ser-
vice for the yeai 1826 The question pending
was the proposed amendment of Mr. Bell, to
reduce the appropriation for the improvement and
necessary repairs of the navy-yard atPortsmouth,
New Hampshire, from $67,000 to $33,000.
Mr MANN, of New Yoik, said thatwhenhe
made the motion yesterday, that the committee
rise, it was not with a view to cutei into this de-
bate, and he would nottroubti the committee with
but a veiy few general remarks On looking into
the estimates foi the cunent year for the Navy,
it will be perceived that the whole meiease asked
for by the navy boaid, constituted for the expiess,
purpose of supcivibing this nnpoitant arm of the
public service, combining gieat cxpeiience and
fidelity, " having sc( n some service,"amounts to
the sum of fj6.Ü,151 75, a sum ccitainly veiy
modeiate, considering the state of the country,
and its pioud financial condition This incieasc,
wc are informed, is occasioned by the pioposed
addition to the force to be employed in commis-
sion, and in consequence of the nicieascd pay of
the officers under the law of the last session A3
to the immediate question before the committee—
the improvement and repair of the navy-yard at.
Portsmouth, and the other navy-yaius of the
United States—it seems to me, Mr. Chairman,
that its importance must be apparent to the com-
mittee and to the country, whether we contem-
plate the contingencies of our foreign lelations or
not. For this purpose the increase of appropria-
tion asked for is $5287,010. The commissioners
deem this necessary to meet the immediate wants
of the public service. The commissioneisiemaik
that, " although much has been done in the dif-
ferent yards since the adoption of approved plans
under the law of 3d of March, 18:27, much still
remains to be done to piovide adequate means for
the preservation of the materials which a prudent
foresight has dnccted to be collected for future
use, or to prepare the necessary conveniences for
building, repaning, and equipping ships with
proper economy and dispatch " This íecom-
mendation is clear and explicit, emanating from a
source entitled to great respect, and which, I pre-
sume, will not be suspected of " executive dicta-
tion to Congress," to use the favorite language of
some gentlemen. The importance of these gieat
naval depots, for the constiuction and íepaír of
the Navy, must be appaient, even to gentlemen
representing the great West, for they aie equally
so, in truth, to every part of this wide country.
Sii,letme ask those gentlemen to leflect upon
their vast interests, then immense commerce
floatingdown the Mississippi, and requningmore
protection 111 the Gulf of Mexico than is now af-
iorded to it, and that, too, from the Navy. That
portion of our coast seems to me to require more
adequate provision for its defense; and I would
vote without sciuple an appiopnation for a dry-
dock, to be constructed at the navy-yard at Pen-
sacola, to enable our ships cruising theie, and in
the West Indies, to repair and refit, to enlarge that
navy-yard, and supply it with every requisite to
be useful and efficient. The true policy of the
country requires that these great naval depots
should be well prepaiedand supplied with all the
matenals of naval preparation. Pursuing this,
lor myself, sn, (said Mr. M.,) I do not see the
propriety of agreeing to the motion of the gentle-
man fiom Tennessee [Mr. Bell] to reduce the
appropriation foi the improvement and repair of
the navy-yard at Portsmouth.
Generally, sir, (said Mr. M.,) I believe I have
been considered as radical in respect to appropria-
tions of the public money. True, sir, I have always
endeavored, as far as my vote would go, to with-
hold appropriations of a personal character, made
for individual and personal objects of aggiandize-
ment to the officers of the Government. So, too,
for local and sectional purposes.
In respect to public objects—great purposes of
national defense—objects confided to the national
