THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Session, 24th Congress.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1836.
Volume 3 ..No. 12.
Government by the Constitution, I have endeav-
ored to distinguish in my action. Believing these
distinctions to exist, and that they are apparent,
it w ill not be necessary for me to defend myself
against any charges of seeming inconsistency in
Noting for this appropriation, and such others of
the same character as may appear necessary and
proper.
These estimates (said Mr. M.) are made upon
the basis of peace, with a prudent foresight, how-
ever, to any contingencies which await us. It is
not necessary now to consider or debate our rela-
tions with other nations. Those relations are in
a delicate condition at present, but we have a right
to hope theywill notbemoreseriouslydisturbed.
Whether they are so or not, the measure now
under consideration seems to be required by all
the motives of prudence and patriotism.
Mr. EVERETT inquired of the Chair if it
would be in order to move to strike out the whole
clause'
The CHAIR reptied, not at that stage of the bill
The motion would be in order after the amend-
ment had been acted on.
Mr EVERETT «aid, if it had been in order
he should move to strike out the whole appropri-
ation. There were only four navy-yards at all
worthy the consideration of the country, viz
Charlestown, Massachusetts; Brooklyn, New
York; Norfolk, Virginia,and Pensacola, Florida,
but the reasons were especially strong why the
navy-yard at Portsmouth should be abolished
altogether He complained that the statements
furnished by the Department were not sufficiently
full so as to enable the great body of the House
to judge of the propriety of these appropriations.
Gentlemen residing in the immediate vicinity
might be informed on the subject, but it was im-
possible for those residing at a distance to judge
 f them with accuracy He further objected to
the too much discretionary power left to the ex-
ecutive officers, and instanced the case of an act
passed by Congress appropriating the sum of
£200,000 for building the bridge across the Poto-
mac, under which the President of the United
States had considered himself authonzed to make
a contract for $1,350,000, a contract, the condi-
tions of which, if it had gone on, would, in the
opinion of the most eminent engineers in the
country, have involved an expenditure upon the
public Treasury of $4,791,620. This grew out
of the neglect of Congress to specify the mode
of expending the public money.
Mr. E. declared he should be as careful of the
Cublic Treasury at this time as he should u* the
ill to divide the surplus revenue among the
several States were the law of the land—a bill that
he hoped would pass. He would go for any
reasonable appropriation for objects of utility,
but he hoped the House would not pass these
large appropriations for navy-yards, the utility
oi expediency of which was a matter of very
gieat doubt. Understanding his motion would
not then be in order, he gave notice that he should
move it when the proper opportunity arrived.
Mr. LINCOLN was in favor of the whole bill
as it stood, and contended at length for the ne-
cessity of keeping the navy-yards in a state of
complete repair, for both in time of war and in
time of peace they were indispensable. It was
an error to say that no statements had been fur-
nished to the House, for a report had been sent
in embracing the very subject under considera-
tion, both from the Secretary of the Navy, in
general terms, and from the Commissioners of
the Navy, in detail. Better authority, better evi-
dence, could not be adduced Would any gen-
tleman in the House, or the gentlemen from
Tennessee and Kentucky in particular, [Messrs.
Bell and Hardin,] presume to say that they un-
derstood the subject better than the head of the
Navy Department, or the Commissioners of the
Navy > Mr. L. then referred to the report of the
Secretary of the Navy and the statements and
recommendations of the board of commissioners
12
—a body of gentlemen selected as being the best
qualified in the country, and conversant with the
subject from their youth
The works were proved to be indispensable,
and the onus was upon the mover of the amend-
ment to prove that one half the sum proposed in
the bill would be sufficient for their completion.
Mr L did not believe there would be war,
and he was mistaken if he did not see the lower-
ing cloud dispelled by the Pi esident's recent mes-
sage. He did not believe war was contemplated
or anticipated, and the very appropriations now
asked for justified that conelusion. He believed,
if war had been apprehended, more direct spe-
cific measures would, long ere Uiis, have been
recommended This he believed, too, in view of
the admonition of the chairman of the Commi ttee
of Ways and Means, [Mi Cambrelevg,] yes-
terday, that he would put this country into a
state of defense If war should come, Mi L.
would stand by his country to the last, buthe had
no anticipations of anything but peace at the
present. He hoped the bill would pass without
reduction
Mr. SMITH replied mainly to the gentleman
from Veimont, [Mr. Everett.] The gentleman
looked but one way, sa\ mg there was no neces-
sity for a navy-yard at Portsmouth, because on
one side there was, within sixty miles, a navy-
yard at Charlestown. If the gentleman had
turned the other way, his vision would extend
over three hundred miles of sea-coast, without the
provision of a dollar for that whole extent, and
the whole of which was altogether unpiotected
and without a naval depot Portsmouth was the
only depot for all this coast, and was absolutely
necessary. Objections were raised on the ground
of economy; but those gentlemen who did so
could easily satisfy themselves, by lefemng to
the estimates and the nature of the works con-
templated, and see if the proposed outlay was too
much or not. That the buildings were necessary
was evidenced by the reports already referred to,
and the question then arose, whether they should
be constructed of durable and permanent mate-
rials, or of those which would be rotten at one
end before they were completed at the other, like
many of the works heretofore constructed ' Mr
S was at a loss to see any connection between
this appropriation and a war with France, as
intimated by the gentleman from Tennessee, but,
in either case, our public works ought to be kept
in a state of repair
Mr. JENIFER thought the estimates of the
proper Department, sustained as they were by the
Committee of Ways and Means, were suffieient,
in the absence of any evidence against their pro-
priety, to justify him in voting for all these appro-
priations. He was entirely opposed to the pro-
posed reduction, whether with reference to war
or peace, though Mr. J. did not consider war to
be at all improbable; for the acceptance of the
mediation of England was so conditional, that no
one could say what would be the result, though
he, from his heart, hoped such a crisis would be
averted
Mr WISE wished to make known a fact of
which the House was uninformed A commu-
nication had been made from the Navy Depart-
ment to the Committee on Naval Affairs, some
days or a week ago, recommending a large appro-
priation, in reference to our present foreign rela-
tions. That committee had ordered this commu-
nication to be reported to the House; and it would
be done, doubtless, as soon as the chairman had
an opportunity. That communication expressly
stated that when the Secretary of the Navy made
his recommendation at the commencement of the
session for an increase of two frigates and three
sloops of war, he made it solely with a view to a
peace establishment. He now recommended an
increase of appropriations to the enormous sum
of #6,337,000.
Mr. W. supported the motion of Mr Bell,
and drew a contrast between the sums expended
on the east and those on the south coast, and
condemned the whole policy of the Government
in constructing navy-yards near the large cities.
There was not a single navy-yard in the country
but what was defenseless. He was opposed to
the item under consideration; and said that while
so large a sum was pioposed for Portsmouth
navy-yard, which was not necessary,Charleston,
South Carolina, would require at least $250,000.
and Pensacola $500,000, to put them in a fit con-
dition. With regard to war, it was not a war
with France—with Louis Phillippe—but it was a
war on our own public Treasury
Mr. CUSHMAN said the navy-yard at Ports-
mouth was not only one of the oldest in the coun-
try, but one of the most important for its locality.
It was approachable at all seasons of the year,
which was not the case of any one yard south of
the Potomac Even from four to six weeks in
the winter, Boston harbor was frozen up, while
thei e was not a day in the whole year that slupa
could not enter Portsmouth.
Mi CAMBRELENG said, he had made ap-
plication at tha proper Department to ascertain
whether the appropnations for the yard at Ports-
mouth were necessary, and had ascertained that
the estimate submitted by the naval officer of that
station was §111,000 which the Navy Commis-
sioners had i educed to $67,000.
Mr JARVIS said that the navy-yard at Ports-
mouth had been long m existence and was a very
important one. In consequence of its situation
it was to be approached at all seasons of the year.
Efforts had heretofore been made to abolish that
station, which proved unsuccessful for that very
reason. One argument made use of against these
appropriations was, that gentlemen could not de-
pend on the estimates submitted by the Depart-
ments. He thought those estimates were tobe
relied on, because they came thiough the hands
of persons of long experience. In the fiist place,
the estimates were submitted by the commanders
of those stations, who were always old and ex-
perienced officeis, to the Navy Commissioners.
Then it was the duty of the commissioners to
visit those stations yearly to ascertain whether
those estimates were correct, and, if so, to concur
in them They were then laid before the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and had to pass his inspec-
tion; and from him they came to the House.
Another objection to the appropriation was, that
thei e was an unexpended balance in the Treasury.
Mr. J. said, there must necessarily be a balance
in the Treasury on the 1st of December, other-
wise theie would have to be a suspension of oper-
ations in the navy-yards between that time and
the time that our appropnations would be avail-
able
Mr BELL had, in the first instance, risen to
propound an inquiry, whether this appropriation
was necessary or not, without going into the
general question, for on that he would take the
very authorities adduced by gentlemen on the
other side, which went to demonstrate that the
navy-yaid at Portsmouth ought to be abolished
altogether He had not got a specific answer to
his niquuy. But with regard to the general ques-
tion—the propriety of having seven navy-yards—
it was generally admitted by competent officers
that a single station was better England, with
her thousand ships of war, had but two naval
stations; by which means she was enabled to
concentrate the best talent, and to carry on her
works with moie vigor. He had made the mo-
tion he had to test the sense of the House, and
see whether or not, with a view to a probable con-
tingency, they were inclined to dispense with
what he believed to be unnecessary buildings.
He could not himself conceive them to be neces-
sary. He could not see the necessity of erecting
a timber-shed to preserve the accumulated timber
in the yard. But it was not so much into this
inquiry he wished to go, as whether or not some
part of these large appropriations might not be
wisely and prudently dispensed with during th«
