178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
February 11,
present year. He intended to apply the same
principle to every part of this bill, to an amount
of three or four hundred thousand dollars. Mr,
B referred to the unexpended balances, and said it
appealed that the estimates of the Navy Depart-
ment had been made without reference to those
unexpended balances made for the same objects
last year.
Mr. CAMBRELENG would inform the gen-
tlemin from Tennessee that, on the first of De-
cember the wtiole of the unexpended balance
remaimng on hand was $135,000, the whole of
which would probably be expended betore this
bill passed both Houses. The argument of the
gentleman, that only two navy-yards existed in
England, would, if carried out, create at least
thirty on our three thousand miles of coast—
Plymouth and Portsmouth, in England, being
only one hundred and fifty miles apart. Mr. C.
agreed with the gentleman from Virginia, that the
southern coast had been neglected: and he would
cheerfully go with the gentleman from Florida
to increase the appropriation for Pensacola.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, then moved
that the committee rise.
Agreed to—ayes 83, noes 48.
The committee accordingly rose, reported pro-
gress, and asked leave to sit again.
On motion, the House adjourned.
SELECT COMMITTEES.
The following gentlemen compose the commit-
tee of the House on the subject of the mileage of
members of Congress: Mr. Rencher of North
Caiolma, Mr. Fairfield of Maine, Mr. Dean
of New Hampshire, Mr. Grevnell of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. ToucEYofConnecticut, Mr. Pearce
of Rhode Island, Mr. Allen of Vermont, Mr.
W. K. Fuller of New York, Mr. Dickerson
of New Jersey, Mr. Huister of Pennsylvania,
Mr. Milligan of Delaware, Mr. Jenifer of Ma-
ryland, Mr. Hopkins of Virginia, Mr. Manning
of South Carolina, Mr. Glascock of Georgia,
Mr. Underwood of Kentucky, Mr. Johnson of
Tennessee, Mr. Whittlesey of Ohio, Mr. Rip-
ley of Louisiana, Mr. Kinnard of Indiana, Mr.
Reynolds of Illinois, Mr. Dickson of Missis-
sippi, Mr. Lyon of Alabama, and Mr. Harrison
of Missouri.
The following gentlemen compose the select
committee of the House of Representatives, ap- t
pointed under the resolution of Mr. Pivckney,
on the subject of the abolition of slavery: Mr.
Pincknet of South Carolina, Mr. Hamer of
Ohio, Mr. Pierce of New Hampshire, Mr. Har-
din of Kentucky, Mr. Jarvis of Maine, Mr.
Owen  of Georgia, Mr. Muhlenberg of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. Dromgoole of Virginia, and Mr.
Tdrrill of New York.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 11, 1836.
Mr. TYLER presented the petition of John |
Broane, asking that the land warrantdue to John
Allan for his services during the late war may be
granted to him.
On motion by Mr. LEIGH, the petition of the
heirs of William Sanford, presented at the last
session, was again referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. LINN presented additional documents in
suppoit of the claim of Ensign John Baptistc
Jarvis, which was referred.
Mr. ROBINSON presented the petition of
sundry citizens of Champaign county, Illinois,
prayingfor the establishment of a new postioutt;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of
James Brobson, late marshal of the district of
Delaware, praying for the passage of a law au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to settle
his accounts on the principles of equity; which
*yas referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ROBBINS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which the petitions on the subject had
been referred, reported a bill to compensate the
widows of Commodore Preble and of Stephen
Decatur, and the widows and children of the
officers and seamen who served under them, far |
the destruction of the frigate Philadelphia in the
harbor of Tripoli; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr SOUTH ARD.from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referred the memorial
of Melancthon T. Woolsey, reported a bill for
his relief; which was i tad, and ordered to a second
reading.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. TOMLINSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following íesolution; which was
considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navj be directed to
commumette to the Senate a repoitof the topographical
survev and the soundings of Bnrtgepnrt harbor, made by
the officers employed under his direction in executing the
coast burvey during last session.
Mr. ROBINSON submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be
instructed to inquire mto the propnetv of authorizing the
executors oí Jame  O'llíira, deceased, to locate certain
land* confirmed to him bv the Gov ernorot Indiana Territory.
Mr. BLACK submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was also considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an ap
propnation for the building of a court house for the accom-
modation of the couits of the United States in the district
of Mi-sissippi
Mr. E WING, of Ohio, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered and laid on the
table:
Resolved, That the Secretar} of the Treasury be directed
to inform the Senate whether he has construed the act of
Congress of the29ih of May, 1830, entitled '-An act to grant
preemption rights to actual settler?," and an act of June
19, 1834, to revive said act, so as to authorize or recognize
as lawful assignments of such claims made before the issu-
ing of the patents, and if he have, that he communicate
to the Senate any legal opinion or authority, on file in the
Department, warranting such construction.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po t Uoad  be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Columbus, Georgia, via
Chamber's Court-House, Randolph Court-House, Benton
Court-House,to Huntsville, Alabama; also, a route from
Wetumpka, Alabama, via Chambers's Court-House, to La
Grange, Georgia, thence to Milledgeville
Mr. DAVIS, on leave, introduced a joint reso-
lution, authorizing the Secretary of War to receive
additional evidence in support of the claims of
the State of Massachusetts for services, disburse- i
ments, and expenditures during the late war with '
Great Britain; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
THE ARMY.
The resolutions submitted some days since by
Mr. Tipton—the first directing the Committee on
Military Affairs to inquire how far the Army of
the United States, as at present constituted, was
sufficient for the protection of the frontiers and to
garrison the forts of the United States; and the
second directing an inquiry, whether the pay and
emoluments of the officers of the Army was a suf-
ficient remuneration for the duties performed by
them—weic taken up for consideration.
Mr. LIN.N said, that the first resolution was
the same, almost word for word, with one on the
samo subject offered by him some days since, and
adopted by thu Senate. It had been sent to the
War Department, trom u Inch no answer had yet
been received.
The CHAIR read the resolution, which was
adopted on the motion of Mr. Linn, and remarked
thut theie was a slight difference between that
and the one ju-<t offered. The inquiry in the first
was directed to the War Department, while that
of the second was dnected to the Committee on
Mihtaiy Affairs.
Mr. PRESTON observed, that the two resolu-
tions were in substance the same, the mode of
inquiry only being different. That introduced
by the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Linn] was
directed to the Secretary of War, who, in pur-
suance of it, would give the necessary inform-
ation to the Senate; while under the present res-
olution, the committee would necessarily have to
obtain the same information fiom the War De-
partment. It seemed to him, therefore, that the
second resolution was unnecessary.
Mr. TIPTON therf withdrew his fiist resolu-
tion; and the one calling for information relative
to the pay of the officers of the Army was adopted.
RELIEF OF THE DISTRICT CITIES.
On motion by Mr. TYLER, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of the three corporations of the Distnct of
Columbia.
[The bill, us reported, proposes to pay the
Holland debt mcuried by the three cities of the
District for the construction of the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal, with the inteiest and charge due
thereon, amounting to nearly two millions of dol-
íais.]
After a debate, in which Messrs. TYLER,
CLAY, BENTON, SOUTHARD, SHEPLEY,
PORTER, NILES, LEIGH, CALHOUN,
GOLDSBOROUGH, DAVIS, KING of Ala-
bama and WRIGHT, took part—in the couise
of which Mr. SOUTHARD submitted an amend-
ment, providing for the transfer to the United
States of the stock held by the corporations of
the District in the Chesapeake and Ohio canal,
as a condition for the payment of their debts, and
an amendment offered by Mr. NILES, providing
for the sale of said stock within twelve months
from the passage of the act for whatever it will
bring in the market—the bill was, on motion by
Mr. CALHOUN, recommitted to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, to be remodeled.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 11, 1836.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported  a bill for the relief of
James Keytes; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, the following res-
olution, submitted yesterday by the Committee
on Manufactures, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to transmit to this House the tables indicated in a note to
lus annual report, showing the progress in the cultivation
and manufacture of cotton in the United States and in
other countries; also, showing the comparative quality and
value of exports and imports of cotton, and cotton manufac-
tures in the United States and other countries.
A resolution, heretofore reported from the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, was, on motion by
Mr. MERCER, taken up, amended, and agreed
to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to lay
before this House a statement of the length and cost of the
several portions of the national road west of the i iver Ohio,
which have been completed; also, the length and cost, so
far as any expense has been incurred upon the same, of
such other portions of the said rond as have been located,
opened, and graduated, or in part constructed; distinguish-
ing respectively in such statement the cost of the location,
opening, graduation, bridges, masonry, and stone eovenng
of the various parts of the said road; thit he add to the
above statement an estimate of the probable cost of the
residue of the said road as for as the river Mississippi; and,
also, of the relative expense of graduating and covering
with stone such parts of the said road as may not have been
definitively located and graduated with reference to the fu-
ture use of the same as an ordinary Macadamized road and a
railway; also, the relahve cost oí substituting a railway tor
a Macadamized road on the said graduated surface, and the
relative expense of tlie future repairs of such railway and
road; and that he inform the House by wlnt regulations
the economy of the public expenditure on the said road is
now secured; and especially whether the said road is con-
structed by public contracts or otherwise; and, if by con-
tracts, how the execution of those contracts are supervised.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, by consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was agreed to:
Resoleed, That the committee to w horn the subject touch-
ing the construction of the public building consequent on
the destruction of the Treasury office was referred, be in-
structed to accompany any bill or report presented to the
House with a statement to show the comparative cost of
the contemplated building if constructed of freestone, gran-
ite, or brick; the capacity of each of thoae material* to
stand fire with the least injury; what is the comparative
hazard between freestone and granite to firemen in ease
of fire ; and whether the durability of freestone, as tested
by experience, forms a recommendation to it as a suitable
material for building.
The following resolution,heretofore submitted
by Mr. VINTON, was, by consent, taken up:
Revolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to this House, any information in his pos-
session of frauds or fraudulent practices, under the exist-
ing preemption laws; and that he also inform the House
what has been the effect of the preemption laws now in
