1S86.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
force, or heretofore passed, upon the sales of the public
lands, and upon that branch of the public revenue
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, offered the fol-
lowing amendment, which was accepted as a
modification by Mr. Vinton:
Also, the quantity of land entered or purchased in the
State of Louisiana, under the preemption law approved
the 19th June, 1834, designating the quantity entered or
purchased in eich land district, and the quantity entered as
floats in each district, under the several sections of the pre
eruption law, approved May 29,1830, revised by the pre-
emption law of June 19,1834, together with copies of all
documents and papers on file in the Department relating to
the official conduct of the late register of the land office
and receiver of public money s at Opelousa , in the afore
«aid State, or either of them; also, copies of all letters
written by the late Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and Gideon Fitz, Esq , formerly register of the
land office at Mount Salus or Clinton, in the State of Mis-
sissippi, upon the subject of allowing preemption on floats
under the second section of the preemption law, approved
Mav 29,1830, together with copies of all the instructions
ttiat have been given to the registers of land offices and
receivers of public moneys for their government, in exe
cuting the preemption laws of May 29, 1830, and the 19th
June, 1834.
Mr. VINTON further modified his resolution,
by adding the following:
Also, that he communicate to the House any information
ui lua possession respecting combinations of persons, by
force or otherw ise, to prevent or obstruct the sales of the
public 1 inds, either at public sale or private entry
Mr. BOON moved to strike out so much of the
resolution as called for the " opinion" of the head
of the Department. Mr. B. was willing to vote
for any requisition for information, but was de-
cidedly opposed to asking the opinion of that
officer.
Mr VINTON had no objection to modify that
clause, so as to inquire of the Department what
had been the " effect" of the preemption laws.
Mr. BOON assented; and, after a fewremaiks
from Mr. HOWARD, the resolution, as modi-
fied, was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from the further consideration of all petitions, me
«íorials, and resolutions, asking for an extension of patents,
which hav e been committed to it by the House, and that the
lame be referred to the select committee appointed " to
Inquire whether any modifications aie required in the pat-
ent law-!, and whether anv further accommodations are
necessary for the reception and preservation of models."
Mr. PATTON, fiom the Committee on the
Territories, reported a bill establishing the ter-
ritorial government of Wisconsin; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. HARRISON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported the fol-
lowing bills; which were read twice and com-
mitted :
A bill for the relief of William Kellar; and
A bill for the relief of John Conkin.
Mr. KINNARD, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Colonel Francis Vigo; which was read twice
and committed
Mr. COFFEE, from the Committee on Mili-
taiy Affairs, Mr CASEY, from the Committee
on the Public Lands, and Messrs. BEALE and
DOUBLEDAY, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made unfavorable reports upon various
petitions, which were laid on the table.
FRENCH WINES AND SILKS.
The following resoluüon, heretofore submitted
by Mr. Mason, of Virginia, was, on his motion,
taken up:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House a statement showing
the amount of duties received into the Treasury of the
United States on wines and silks of the production of
France, <=ince the passage of the act entitled " An act to
carry into effect the convention between the United States
and his Majesty the King of the French, concluded atParw
on the 4th of July, 1831," approved the 13th July, 1832, and
the amount of duties which would have been chargeable
on the same importations under the revenue laws as they
existed at the time of the passage of that act, with the
amount of importations of those articles in each year for
five y ears past; that he be al-o requested to communicate
to this House a statement showing, in analytical form the
awards made by the commissioners who acted under the
act aforesaid, in execution of the said convention, their
amount, the sf veral classes of categories in which they are
arranged, and the amount of the awards belonging to each
class; and the persons and companies, and the-sums awarded
to each.
!     Mr. ADAMS mo\ed to amend the resolution '
1 by adding the following proposition, which he, |
some days since, offeied as a distinct resolution:
That the President ot the United States be also requested
to communicate to this House, if not incompatible with
the public interest, a copy and translation of the act of the
Legi-lative Chambers ot France, making appropriations for
carrying into effect the indemnity stipulattd for claims of
citizens of the United States by the treaty ot the 4th of
July, lb31, and also copies of all the communications from
the French Government and their representatives m the
United States in relation to the execution ot that treaty, in
I the French language.
I      Mr. EVANS offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment, which was agreed to:
And, al-o, to communicate, if it be in his opinion com
pattble with the public interests, so much of the several
letters of Mr   Livingston, addressed to the Secretary of
State, ot October 4, 1833, ot  November 22, 1834, ot De
cember6,1814, and of December22, 1834, as have not b< en
!, heretofore communicated to Congress , and, also, the melo
II  sure referred to in the letter ot October 4,183J; and, also,
I   so much of the instructions to Mr  Livingston, on Ins ap
II  pointment as Minister to France, a- relates to the cvecu-
1 tion of the treaty of July 4,1831
' The amendment of Mr. Adams, as amended,
was then concurred in
Mi. MASON further modified his resolution,
at the suggestion of Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky,
I by inseiting the woids in italics; and, thus amend-
ed, it was agreed to.
WESTERN COMMERCE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
following resolution; which was agreed to:
Re talced, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of opening a passage for
the navigation of vessels from the Mississippi river, on us
leftside, opposite Le Breton Island, to the Gult of Mexico
I            MESSAGE FROM  THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President:
j                                    Washinotos, February 10,1833.
I' To the House of Representatives
1     I transmit herewith a report from the Secretary of War,
with copies of so much of the correspondence relating to
I Indian affairs, called for by the resolution ot the House of
January 23, 1835, as can be furnished by that Department
I   I  transmit also a report on the same «ubj«ct from the
I Treasury Department, from which it appear- that, without
I   a special appropriation, or the suspension for a consider-
able period of much of the urgent and curr-Mit bu-iness of
the General Land Oflice, it is impracticable to take copies
I of all the papers deseiibed in the resolution    Under thege
I circumstances, the subject is ^gam respectfully submitted
to the consideration of the House of Representatives
ANDREW JACKSON
On motion by Mr. McC ARTY, the message and
accompanying documents were referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and the message
ordered to be printed.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
The House  thui, on motion  by Mr. CAM-
BR£LENG,ie3oK>i>lHs If into the Committpe of
the Whole on the staff of the Union, (Mr  Mil-
llr in the chair.)                                                           i
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
i     The committee resumed the considciation of
, the bill making appropiiations for the naval service
i for the year 1836 The question pending was
the pioposed amendment of Mr. Bell, to leduce
the appropriation for the ímpiovement and neces-
sary ícpairs of the navy-yard at Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, from $67,000 to $33,500.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, addressed the
House at length, on the whole system of our navy-
yards. He was in favor of the proposed item as
it stood, although the whole system íequired re-
vision, and he believed some of them ought to be
I abolished entirely, and new sites chosen for others.
i The sum of $67,000 proposed for the navy-yard
at Portsmouth, without reference even to its per-
manency, was by no means extravagant or im-
moderate. He also replied to the remarks of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] and con-
tended, that whether the appropriation be pro-
posed with reference to war or peace, it should
pass. He then went at large into the whole sub-
ject, and detailed various actions and encounters
to prove that New Yoik harbor wa« not such a
Clace of ingress and egress as justified the estab-
shment originally, or the maintenance now, of
a naval depot there. He also read various extracts
m reference to the same subject, and cited a
large mass of documentary evidence, reports, and
papers, for the purpose of showing that Narragan-
sett bay possessed greater natural advantages for
such an establishment than any other place in the
United Sutes, contrasting it with the disadvan-
tagesof Boston and Brooklyn. He likewise went
into numerous statements to pro\ e that the money
expended on those two places was thrown away,
and cited the reports and opinions of \anous
engineers and others, who were competent judges,
in support of his argument.
Mr. GUSHING followed m reply, principally
so far as regarded the nav y-^ard at Charlestown,
Massachusetts. Mr C. said, with íegard to local-
ity, the point most woitliy of consideiation,next
to natuial advantages, was the contiguity of a
dense population It would be folly to establish
a navy-yaid, which was of the character of a
reat manufactory, in a locality without a large,
ense,and industrious population. This was one
reason why nav y yards \v eie found in the North.
He also contended that so far from diminishing
om naval depots, their number should be made
commensmatc with the extent of our sea-board.
He admitted that Narragnnwtt bay possessed all
the geographical advantages described by the
gentleman fiom Rhode Island, nor would he dis-
pute with the gentleman that a naval depot ought
to be established there, but it did not follow that
there should not be one in Massachusetts bay or
at Brooklyn. It was a mistake, as stated yester-
day, that Boston harbor was often inaccessible in
the winter. On the eontraiy, it was very rarely
the case, more than a day or two in the year
He then enteied into an argument at length to
prove that in case of war our naval depots ought
to be fosteied, and hoped the bill would pass ap
it stood. Mi C. also referred to the sectional
attack made by an honorable gentleman from
Kentucky upon the appropriations and expendi-
tures in the eastern States.
Mr. HARDIN íejoined. He intended to ad-
dress the House at length (he said) when the
subject of fortifications came up, and had prepared
various statements ñ om the Departments upon the
subject. He had complained that the appropria-
tions in the present bill exceeded, by about a
million of dollars, the estimates of former years.
He said he had made up a table partially exhibit-
ing the expendí tures for fortifications since thewar,
and they amounted altogether to about fourteen
millions of dollars. Some system of defense must
be adopted; but to erect fortifications at proper
points from Maine to the Gulf of Mexico, would
cost from fifteen hundred to twenty hundred mil-
lions of dollars, and a standing army, including
the western foi ts, of not less than eighty thousand
men—a thing the people of this country would
never permit The time, however, had arrived,
when the subject mu^t be investigated; and he
pledged himself to go into it fullvwhen the othpr
bill came up. Mr H repelled the attack made
upon him for speaking to "Buncombe" with
disdain, and pronounced it a false calumny.
Mr. GUSHING briefly replied.
The remarks of Mr Hardiv and Mr. Cashing
were rather of a personal character, and at the
conclusion of Mr. CtjShivg's remarks, some in-
dividual in the ladies'gallery applauded; when
Mr. REED and Mr HANNEGAN rose simul-
taneously.
Mr. REED moved that the gallery be cleared;
but understanding it came from a single mdiv idual,
he withdrew the motion.
Mr. HANNEGAN" then renpwed it.
Mi LEE, of New 1 oik, moved that the com-
mittee rise; which was agreed to
The committee rose, and the chairman having
reported progress,
Mr. HANNEGAN renewed the motion he
made in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
that the rule be enforced, which was agreed to,
and the south gallery was ordered'to be cleared.
Mr. MERCER said, as he was given to under-
stand that the individual who caused the disturb-
ance was recognized by a member of the House,
he moved that he be taken into custody
Pending this motion, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE
Friday, February 12, 1836
A message was received from the President of
the United States, returning the resolutions of tlV
General Assembly of Indiana, requesting him tQ
