183&
.{..i
THE eONGRESSIONAL'GLOBEl
I8f
tuted committee of the House appointed to take
charge of the former already.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, for the purpose
(as he said) of keeping the two subjects distinct,
moved the previous question; but the motion was
not seconded by the House.
Mr. ADAMS hoped the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Deberrt] would withdraw his-
amendment, and allow the resolution to stand on
its, own merits. The subject was before the last
Congress, and was fully discussed; and.the more
it was discussed the more satisfactory it was to
his mind that the bill then reported ought to have
passed. He hoped that no gentleman would
encumber the present resolution with any amend-
ments, and that the House would now consider
and adopt it.           "    "                                ------.. .
The amendment of Mr. Deberrt was then
negatived; and the resolution was agreed to with-
out a count; and,
On motion by Mr. LANE, the select commit-
tee was orderea to consist of nine.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, it was
Raolced, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Grecncaslle, in Futuam
county, Indiana, by Manhattan, Bowlingrecu, to Bloow-
field, in Green county; also, of establishing a post route
from Mount Pleasant, Martin county, Indiana, by Scotland,
Clark's Praine, to BlooroAeld, Indiana; also, of establish-
ing a post route from Merorn, Sullivan county, Indiana, to
Uuuonvillc, in Clark county, Illinois.                          ,
i On motion by Mr. DUNLAP, it was
Resulted, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing the following post routes, to wit: From i'erryvillc,
in Perry county, Tennessee, by Morgan's Creek, to Chalk.
Level, in Humphrey's county; also, from Huntingdon, in
Carroll county, Tennessee, by Pleasant, Exchange, Lex-
ington, Jack's Creek, to Purdy, in McN'airy county; also,
from Bolivar, Tennessee, by Nubbin Ridge, Simpson's
Bridge, on IJatchce river, Cypress, Chamberland, Wolf's
Ferry, on Tennessee river, to William Lilly's, i* Harden
county-; also, from Columbus, in Hickman county, Ken-
tucky, by Troy, Dyersburg, Lauderdale Court-house, Cov-
ington, Somerville, to La Grange, Tennessee; also, from
Jackson, Tennessee, Mount Penron, to Purdy, McNairy
county; also, from Randolph, Tennessee, by Pmtersville,
Concordia, to Bell Mont, in Fayette county, Tennessee;
also, from Somerville, Tennessee, to Egypt, in Fayette
county, Tennessee; and from Mount Pleasant, Tennessee,
ay Bock House Creek, J. C. Gallick's, Pcrryville, Living-
ston, Independence, to Jackson, Tennessee; and from
Durhamsvilie, Lauderdale county, to Aaliport, on the Mis-
sissippi river, in said county.
On motion by Mr. MANN, of New York, it
Resolved, That the Committee on the- Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of prescribing the
effect of judgments in the circuit and district court  of the
united States, and regulating the fees of the clerks of said
courts in respect to searches for judgments.
/ On motion by Mr. HOWARD, it was
Resohed, That thcCommittceon the Post Office and Post
loads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Davidsonvrlle, in Maryland, by
Higgms's store, to Patuxent Forge.
.On motion by Mi, JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was
Resolved, That tha Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of maJcing
an appropriation for the erection of a lunatic asynua in
the city of Washington.
On motion by Mr. FRENCH, it was
Resabed, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a mail route from Terre Haute, in Indiana, to Pan ,
Decatur, Springfield, Sylvan Grove, Beardstown, Knshville,
and Uumcy, in the Stat* of Illinois.
On motion by Mr. ASHLEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire whether the Indian title is, or is not ex-
tinguished, to the slip of land lying between the western
boundary of the State of Missouri and the Missouri river;
and if not, to inquire into the expediency of providing by
law for it entir« extinguishment.
On motion by Mr. HIESTER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Columbia
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of macadam.
izingthe streets bordering on the Capital square.
- Mr. LOVE submitted the following resolution;
which, by the rules, lies over one day':               l
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to trans-
mit to this House all surveys, maps, plans, and estimates
on file in the Wat Department, relating to the construction
of a harbor at New Buffalo, in Michigan.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
following resolution; which,by the rule, lies over
one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to lay before this House a" eopy of the" correspontlence Be-
tween the Executive of the State of Louisiana and the
Treasury Department, relative to the location of two town-
ships of land granted to the State of Louisiana by an act
of Congress passed on the 3d of March, 1637, for the use of
a seminary of learning therein; and that be also be directed
to transmit, at the same time, copies of all communications
made to the said Department from, other persons, in relation
I to that subject.
Mr. LNGERSOLL, on leave, submitted the
¡^following resolution:                                         .."
;    Resolved, That the Committee oa the Library be in-
structed to cause a marble bust of the late Chief Justice
' Marshall to be prepared by an artist of meritand reputation,
and to be placed in the Chamber of the Supreme Court of
1 the United States, in a position corresponding with that of
■ the bust of the late Chief Justice Jay.
i    Mr. INGERSOLL was not, he said, about to
I pronounce an eulogium on the character of John
' Marshall.   His merits were already recorded in
the hearts and judgments of his countrymen.   A
! recollection of them would be cherished as long
1 as a just estimate could  be formed of brilliant
talents and unspotted integrity—as long as grati-
I tude should continue to be a virtue.   Few men,
| sinee the formation  of this Government, had
served it so well, and none more faithfully.   In
I the administration of the laws, under a Govern-
ment of laws, he was for nearly five and thirty
1 years supreme in station,in abilities, and in use-
fulness.   It had been the peculiar fortune of this
Republic that ithadfound.ondifferentoccasions,
when it had called its eminent citizens to post* of
Eoblic duty, a happy fitness in the individual to
is station, a devotion of purpose in the man,
1 and a confidence in his designs on the part of the
people; an union and an aptitude from which
<  nothing but lasting benefits could arise.   Many
¡  shining properties were combined in the eminent
•: person to whom it was the object of this resolu-
\ tion to offer a feeble tribute of respect and grati-
j, tude—properties which justified the feeling uni-
; versally entertained for him a  the pride and the
: ¡ boast of his countrymen.   When that, and much
■  more, should be done by them, the nation and
11 posterity would continue to be immeasurably his-
11 debtors.    Mr. I. said, he submitted the resolution
as a cheerful acknowledgment of the debt they
owed, and as the pledge of an effort to repay it in
the emulation of his virtues.
The resolution was then agreed to.    ___
On   motion  by   Mr. WHITTLESEY, the-
House proceeded to the consideration of the
ORDERS OF THE DAT.
The bill for the relief of Jesse Smith and others
was again taken up.   The question being on its
passage, it was opposed by Messrs. MANN of
New York, HARDIN, WILLIAMS, of North
Carolina,   and   HAWES;   and  advocated   by
Messrs. VANDERPOELand WHITTLESEY.
Mr. OWENS moved an adjournment—nega-
tived—ayes 45, noes 89.
The bill was then further opposed by Mr.
OWENS; but before he had concluded his re-
marks he gave way to                                    -
Mr. HOWARD, who moved to suspend the
rule for the purpose of submitting a motion for
an adjournment over to Monday.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, asked for the
yeas and nays on the motion to suspend the rule;
which were ordered.
Mr. EVERETT moved an adjournment; which
was negatived.
The question was then taken, and the motion
to suspend the rule was disagreed to—yeas 71,
nays 104.
On motion by Mr. HAWES, the House ad-
journed.     ___________
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturdat, February 13,. 1836"..       . .
Mr. HAWES, of Kentucky, made an ineffect-
ual attempt to take up his resolution on the sub-
ject of "the West Point Academy.                , . ,.
MEMORIALS, PETITIONS, .ETC,-,    u
Memorials and petitions were presented on
leave by Messrs. Garland, of Virginia, and Mc 
Cartt, of Indiana, and appropriately referred. ■
THADDEUS PORTER.
Mr. BOND, from the Committee-on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported a bin for the relief of
Thaddeus Porter; which was read  twice, and
committed.
""'    :    RESOLUTIONS AGREED TO.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the rule
was suspended for one hour for the purpose of
disposing of resolutions on the Speaker's table,
and calling the States for resolutions, with the
understanding that any resolution which should
give rise to debate should lie over.
The following resolutions heretofore offered
were then agreed to:
ByMr.GALBRAITH:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
famish to this House the report of Lieutenant Thompson
9. Brown, of the United States corps of engineers, relative
to the harbor of Presque Island, with the accompanying
drawings and estimates.
By Mr. LOVE:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to trans-
mit to this House all surveys, maps, plans, and estimate 
on file in the War Department, relating to the construeuon
of a harbor at New Buffalo, in Michigan.
By Mr. JOHNSON, o( Louisiana:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to lay before this House a copy of the correspondence be-
tween the Executive of the State of Louisiana and the
Treasury Department, relating to the location of the town-
ships of land granted to the State of Louisiana by an act
of Congress passed on the 3d of March, 1827, for the use of
a seminary of learning therein; and that he also be directed
' to transmit, at the same time, copies of all communications
made to the said Department from other persona in rela-
i tion to that subject.
j     The motion heretofore submitted by Mr. Cow*
nor, for printing one thousand copies of the bill
i for the reorganization of the Post Office Depart-
I ment, was considered and agreed to.               ~ - :i
|     Mr. DICKERSON submitted an amendment to
the bill to prevent evasions of the revenue laws,
and for other purposes; which was ordered to be
printed.
¡     On motion by Mr. TURNER, it was    .. ""■"
Retained, That the Committee on Commerce be In-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
, priation for the survey of the harbor of Havre de Grace, in
Maryland, with a view to the removal of any sand ban, or
other obstructions in or near said harbor, and lor effecting
such removal, if practicable.                                     ,
On motion by Mr. GIDEON LEE, it wu
Retained, That it be referred to the Committee on Man-
ufactures to inquire and report to this House on the expe-
diency of discontinuing the duty on the several articles of
merchandise enumerated in the annual report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury as not interfering with the compro-
mise act of 1833; and that the article of foreign coat be
embraced in such inquiry and report.                            "'
On motion by Mr. LAWLER, it was "*"^
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in*
form this House whether, in his judgment, an additional
armed force be necessary to prevent the Creek tribe of In-
dians from aiding the Seminole Indians in the war oí
Florida, and from the commission of other depredations;
and, if so, whether any legislation by Congress will be ne-
cessary.                                            ...
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Way  and Means be
Instructed to inquire into the expediency and propriety of
pawing a law distributing the surplus revenue now in the
Treasury, and the surplus revenue that may hereafter be hi
the Treasury, among the several States, according to the
Federal population of each State, for the purposes of in-
ternal improvements and education.
On motion by Mr. McKAY, it was             • '•-•>
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Aftatrs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing in
arsenal in North Carolina.
On motion by Mr. HAWES, it was          : '
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be In,
«traded to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
public armory on the waters of Greene river, in the State
of Kentucky; and that said committee be instructed to re-
port on or before the 1st of March next.
On motion by Mr. GILLET, it was          ,-
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed to in-
quire into the expediency of providing by law for coining
gold coins of the denominations of one, two, three, ana
tour dollars; and also whether any addition to the number
of branch mints is required by the interests of the country;
and that the committee have leave to report by bttl or oth-
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky;
it was                           ,    .
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be Instructed to inquire into the expediency of aboUsb-
ing imprisonment, for debt within the District.
On motion by Mr.. JOHNSON, of Virginia, it
was-
Reteived, That the Committee on the Public Land  be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making an ad-
ditional appropriation of land to satisfy the warrants in scrip
which have been issued, or which may hereafter issue,
