182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
according to the rreolunons and law  of the IJsJted Sutes
and of \ lrguua, for revolutionary services          . „     r
On motion by Mr. PHILOC. FULLER, ltwas
Jlaolved, That tlie Committee on the Public Lands be
instructed to inquire and report to this House the number
of land patents, as near as may be, which are due fbr lands
purchased, and are not executed, the tune which will
probably elapse before patents can issue, under present
arrangements, for lands now purchased , and whether some
further proMsion is not necessary to reduce the interim
between the time of purchasing lands and receiving patents
therefor
On motion by Mr. FRENCH, it was
r Roolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of causing to be
surveyed m route for the construction of a national road
from Washington city to the mouth of the Big Sandy river;
from thence through the States of Kentucky, Tennessee,
Alabama, Mississippi, and on through the country below—
such route to be so run as to afford (in case the road be
constructed) thegreatest possible convenience to the popo,
■anon and business of the country through which it wdl
pass.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, it was
Rooked, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Fust Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Buckfield to Portlaud, and
from Brans  id. to Harpswell, in the State of Maine, and
that the petitions on the files ot the House relating thereto
be referred to said committee.
On motion by Mr. WARDWELL, it was
TUsolcci, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing
the Secretary of War to establish pension agencies, not ex-
ceeding three in each State, provided the saine can be done
Without expense to the Government 
On motion by Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana,
ltwas
RoeltxH, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po^t Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing and extending the following post routes in the
State of Loui'iana
1 From the ton u of Oprlou^as, to pass by Washington,
Holoicvillc, and the Prairie l«ouge, to St Francisville.
S From Lake Providence, in the parish of Carroll, by
Monroe, in the pan-hot Ouachita, itussellvillc, and Drew's
Landing, m the parish of Claiborne, to the Loggy Bayou,
en Red nver
- 3. Of extending the existing route from Opclousaa to the
settlement on the Calcasien, to the Sabmenvex.
On motion by Mr. VANDERPOEL, it was
Reiatted, That the Committee on Invalid Pennons in-
rre into the cxpedieui-y ol pUring the name of Lambert
Van Volkcnburgh on the invalid pension roll.         ,r
On motion by Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, it
• Roolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making on ap-
propriation of inoncj or land to improve the great mail
stage road from Louisville, in Kentucky, by Vincenne*, in
the State ot Indiana, through the Stato ot Illinois, to Bt
Lows, in Musonn, and ofmakingan appropriation of land,
or the preemption to land, to the Central Railroad Com-
pany, m the State of Illinois, to aid in the construction of
said road from the Illinois river, at the termination of the
casal, to the month.of the Ohio nveiy i>i 11 '/,«<-
On motion by Mr. CONNOR, it was
Resolto , That the Committee <m tile Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from South Point, in Lincoln
count}., North Carolina, to Fallsville, thence to William
Odes' , passing Buffalo po-t office, Joshua Bean's, Bushy
Creek, Hamilton's store, and Alfred Webb' , to Rutber-
tbrdton.                           ¡
On motion by Mr. ROBERTSON, it was
Resolved, That the claim of the heirs and representatives
of Colonel Wilham Hetb, deceased, an officer ol the Vir-
ginia continental line during the war ot the Revolution, for
compensation for his revolutionary services, be refertcd to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
On motion by Mr. DROMGOOLE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of allowing Major
General Winfield Scott the same rate of pension as a lieu-
tenant colonel of artillen, os if the testimony in support
of the disability sustained by him in the battle of Niagara,
July 2o, 1814, had been completed and filed at that date.
On motion by Mr. CRANE, it was               '
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in«tracted
to inquire into the expediency Of placing additional buoys
to mark the channel at the mouth of the Miami ol Lake Erie,
and across the Mamnee ba>
On motion by Mr. BOND, it was
Retolvtd, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of erecting n marine hospital
at tile town of Portsmouth, in the State x>f Ohio
On -motion by Mi. MAY, it was       ,
■• Roolved, That the Committee <ra Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a port jot entry
at Chicago, I Hiño .,,   ,-               ,,             ,           ,
On motion by Mr. DARLINGTON, it waa
.  Resolved, That the memorial of David Lewis, praying
compensation for property destroyed by the Bntul) troops
 t 8t, Mary's, u lolo, and now on the files of the House,
be re/erred to the Committee on Claims.
Off motion by Mr. STORER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of ascertaining,
by a survey under the dircctiou of the W ar Department,
the practicability and the expense of erecting a bridge over
the Ohio nver, trom Cincinnati to Newport or Covington,
m Kentucky
On motion by Mr. INGHAM, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
for the erection of a light-house at the mouth of Connecticut
river, m toe State of Connecticut
On motion by Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia,
ltwas
Rooked, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reestablishing the mail route from Charlottesville, by Scotts-
vtile, to Buckingham Court House, in the State of Virginia
On motion by Mr. JARVIS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing the Postmaster General to make arrangements
tor establishing a communication by mail v. ith the British
Province of New Brunswick, through Holton, in the State
of Maine
On motion by Mr. SUTHERLAND, it was
Roolved, That the usual number of copies of the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to marine hos-
pitals, be printed
On motion "by Mr CUSHMAN, it was
Roolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of repealing so much of an
act of the United States, passed 28th February, 1803, " con-
cerning consuls and vice-consuls," as makes it the duty of
every master or commander of a ship or vessel belonging
to citizens of the United State , on his arnval at a foreign
port, to deposit his regtster with the consul, commercial
agent, or vice-commercial agent, if any there be at 6nch
port
On motion by Mr. CHANEY, it was
Roolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Picknngton, in the county
of Fairfield, by Waterloo, Winchester, Middletown, and
Kenady'  store, to Cireieville, in Pickaway county, Ohio
On motion by Mr. CASEY, it was
Roolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to cause to be laid before the House a statement showing
the number of claims for horses and other property lost in
1831-% on the frontiers of Illinois and Michigan, that have
been presented for allowance, under "an act for the pay-
ment of horses and arms lost in the military service of the
United States against the Indians on the frontiers of Illinois
and Michigan Territory," approved 19th February, 1833,
and an act to provide for the paymentof claims for property
lost, captured, or destroyed b> the enemy, ulule in the
military service of the United State", during the late war
with the Indian*) on the frontiers of Illinois and Michigan
Territory, approved 30th ot June, 1834; the number that
have been allowed,and the number that have been rejected
or suspended, and the reason for such rejection or suspen-
sion.
On motion by Mr. HARLAN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of paring to Samuel Tillet,
of Kentucky, the amount of a dratt dnwn bv William
Stennan, and payable to said Tillet for the services of said
Sternum as a teacher of the Cherokee Indians west of the
Mississippi
On motion by Mr. KENNON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the Secretary
of War to settle the accounts of Peter Como} n and Arthur
1 aggart, and pay to them the amount which may, upon
such settlement, be found to be due to them for n ork done
or materials found in the construction of the Cumberland
road in Ohio.
On motion by Mr GRAVES, it was
Roolved, That the petitions and all the other documents
upon the subiect of the Government purchasing up the
private stock in the Louisville and Portland Canal, referred
last year to the Committee on Roads and Canals, be recom-
mitted to that committee.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
the establishment of a post route from Jamaica to Rock-
away, in Queen's county, New \ ork.
On motion by Mr. CHAMBERS, of Penn-
sylvania, it was                    •
Roolved, That it be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia to consider tlie expediency of reporting
a bill prohibiting the sale and purchase of lottery tickets
within the District of Colombia.
On motion by Mr. MASON, of Virginia, it was
Rmolved, That the Committee on the Post Office" and
Post Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a
mail route from Belfield, m Greenville count}-, Virginia, to
Newcomer's Depot, in Southampton county, Virginia, also,
a mail route from Surry Court-house to Wall's Bridge, in
Surry county, in Virginio.                                             '
On motion by Mr. GRAHAM, it was
' JUtohad, That the Committee on the Poet Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a mail route from Asimile, North Carolina, by Ed
nysville, MUI's Gap, and E S Porter's, to Spartansburg
Court-house, in South Carolina
On motion by Mr. DEBERRY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire mto the expedtency ol so amending
the act of the 7th of June, 1832, entitled " an act supple-
mentary to the act for the relief of certain surviving officers
and soldiers of the Revolution," so as to extend the benefit 
of said act to such persons as. performed tlie requisite ser-
vice in the capacity of mechanics, wagoners, and boatmen,
who were pnt to such service by the officers in command.
On motion by Mr. HAYNES, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensiona
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so altering
the pension act of the 7th of June, 1832, as to authorize the
paymentof arrears of pension due to Robert Lard, late of the
Sote of Georgia, deceased, to thequalified executor of said
deceased, to be distributed in conformity to his last will and
testament
On motion by Mr COFFEE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of authonztng the
Becretarv of the Treasury, in cases where senp may have
been or shall be i-sued on military land warrants, and all
the heirs or others interested therein shall not appear or join
in receiving the scrip, to issue to those who shall appear or
join, or their attorney or attorneys, their proper proportion,
reserving in the Treasury tlie portion due to those who do
not appear or joui as aforesaid
On motion by Mr  DUNLAP, it was
Roolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing an
arsenal at Memphis, Tennessee
On motion by Mr. HALL, of Maine, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claim*
be instructed to inquire mto the expediency of allowing
commutation to Benjamin Jones Porter, a surveyor in the
revolutionary army.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, of Maryland, it
was
Resolved, That the memonal of Samuel Hambleton, a
purser in the Navy of the United States, with tlie accom-
panying documents, non on the filed of the House, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs
On motion by Mr. CUSH1NG, it was
Resolved, That sundry memorials oil the files of the House,
and two hundred and tn cnty one memorials taken from the.
files of the Senate, all presented at past sessions, and not
yet fully disposed of, praying Congress to indemnify the.
memorialists for spoliations ot their property committed by
France prior to 1800, be referred to tlie Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, of North
Carolina, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instnictid to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a mad route from the Little Yadkm post office, in
Stokes county, North Carolina, by William Wolff's, Rf eve1 
and Johnson Clemont's, to Rockford, in Surry county.
On motion by Mr BROWN, it was
Roo Iced, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a new mill route from the village of Goshen, in
the county of Grange, in the Btatc of New York, by way
of Philipsburgb.Muldletown,Mount Hope,Cuddebeekmie,
Forrestburgh, Big Edny, Honesdale and Carbondale, to
Wilkesbarre, in the Stale ofPennsylvaaia.
On motion by Mr. SHINN, it was
Roolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediencv of granting to
the heirs of Barney Monrow, deceased, a private soldier in
the revolutionary war, one hundred acres of the public land,
and that the papers now on the files of the House relating
to that subject be referred to said committee.
On motion by Mr. CRAIG, it waa
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire mto the expediency of
reestablishing the post route from Staunton, in Virginia, by
Buffalo Gap, to Millborough, in the county of Bath.
On motion by Mr. TALIAFERRO, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire mto the expediency of pro-
viding, by law, that in all eases in winch pensioners of the
United States have, at any time, been stricken from the
pension rolls, and have been subsequently restored by order
of the Secretary of War, it shall be lawful for the Secreta-
ry of War to cause the pensions accruing to all pensioners
between the time of their suspension and restoration, to be
paid, provided, in the opinion of the Secretary of War, it
be just and proper to make such pavment, consistently with
the principles and provisions of the law imder which each
pensioner, thus situated, shall have been pensioned—such
arrears ot pensions to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
On motion by Mr. PATTERSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be In-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making further
appropriations for carrying on the treaty with the Wyandott
Indians, at Upper Sandusky, in the Sute of Ohio
On motion by Mr. McKENNAN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire mto the expediency of
