184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
t
By Mr. DAVIS:
Resolrrí, That the Committee en Public Lands be
instructed tr> inquire into the expediency of grantingto the
States of Indiana and Illinois all the public lands for ten
miles in width on each side of the Wabash river, from
l'erre Haute to its confluence with the Ohio river, that
shall remain unsold after the 10th of May next; the pro-
ceeds of such lands to be applied to the improvement oi the
navigation of said river, under the direction of the above- .
mentioned States.
By Mr. CORWIN:
Resolved, That the Secretan-of the Treasury be required
to furnish to the House of Representatives a statement to
«how what is the amount of the unsatisfied military land
warrants issued by the United States and the State of Vir-
'inia respectively, and tiled in the land office of the Uni-
ted States, prior to the first day of September, 1835; also,
to state the amount of the land warrants of the same de-
scription which have been filed m the land office afore-
said since the first day of September, 1835; and, also, what
is the probable amount of the outstanding claims to mil-
itary land warrants on the united States and the State of
Virginia respectively, according to the best means in pos-
session of the Secretary for making an estimate thereof.
By Mr. BIGGS, (at the requests Mr. White,
of Florida, who was absent:)
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
furnish to this House a statement exhibiting the amount
annually expended at the navy-yard of Pensacola, under
the respective heads of appropriation, from the establish-
ment of said yard to the end of the year 1835; also, to state
the present condition of the wharves at said yard; also,
the number and condition of the houses, stores, shops,
sheds, powder-magazines, barracks, and all other fixtures
appertaining to said yard, and the uses to which the said
buildings, fixtures, &c, are at present applied; and that he
be further directed to furnish an estimate exhibiting the
amount necessary for the construction of umber-docks,
wharves, walls ot inclosures, marine barracks, and all other
fixtures necessary to place the said navy-yard of Pensacola
on a footing with the most extensive navy-yard on the
North Atlantic coast, so that vessels of war of the United
States may be laid up in ordinary, refitted, repaired, and
constructed at said navy-yard; and that the Secretary of
the Navy be turtlier directed to state the number of years
in which the above can be accomplished.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
By Mr. UNDERWOOD:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
We Congress of the United States of Jtmerica, That the fol-
lowing amendments to the Constitution thereof be proposed
and recommended to the Legislatures of the several States
for their ratification, to wit:
Amend the seventh section of the first article by striking
out the words " two thirds of," wherever they occur, and
Insert the words, "amajority of allthe members elcelcdto."
Amend the second section of the second article, by in-
serting after the words " and which shall he established by
law," in the second paragraph of that section, the following
words: " Except the Secretary of the Treasury, and such
ojfkers whose principal duties consist in collecting, or in re-
ceiving, or in disbursing, or in keeping accounts concerning
the revenue of the United States, or any part thereof."
Under the general head of amendments, add the follow-
ing articles, to wit:
Article XIII.
See. 1. A Secretary of the Treasury shall be annually,
or oftener, if needful, appointed by the joint vote of the
Senate and House of Representatives, eacli Senator and
Representative having one vote.
Sec\ 2. The Secretary of the Treasury shall nominate
and, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,shall
appoint all officers whose principal duties consist either in
collecting, or in receiving, or in disbursing, or in keeping
accounts concerning the revenue or any part thereof. But
Congress may, by law, vest the appointment of such inferior
officers, whose duties pertain to the collection, receipt, or
-disbursement of the revenue, or any part of it, as shall be
deemed proper, in the Secretary of the Treasury alone.
Sec. 3. In case of the death, removal, resignation, or
disability of the Secretary of the Treasury, the President
of the United States shall designate some officer of the
Treasury Department to perform the duties of the Secretary
of the Treasury, until a successor shall have been duly
elected, or until the disability is removed.
Sec. 4. In case of the death, removal, resignation, or
disability of any inferior officer connected with the Treas-
ury Department, in the collection, or receiptor disburse-
.ment of, or in keeping accounts concerning, the revenue, or
any port of it, during the recess of the Senate, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall have power to fill the vacancy,
by granting commissions which shall expire at the end of
the next ensuing session of Congress, unless the appoint-
ment to the vacant office had been exclusively conferred on
him by law.
Article XIV.
■The tenure of all offices, except such as are specially pro-
vided for in the Constitution, and the mode of removal from
office, shall be regulated by Congress.
Article XV.
Senators and Representatives shall not be eligible to any
office on the nomination of the President, or on the nom-
ination of the Secretary of the Treasury, during the time
for which they were respectively elected to serve in the
Congress of the United States, and for two years next ensu-
ing the expiration thereof.
Resolved, That whenever three fourths of the Legisla-
tures of the several States shall ratify the foregoing pro-
posed amendments, or any one or more of them, the same,
aa thus ratified, shall be valid, to all intents and purposes,
as part of the Constitution.
Mr. PEYTON submitted the following joint
resolution:
Resolved, That the committee, to whom was referred so
much of the President's message as relates to " amending
that part of the Constitution which provides for the election
of the President and Vice President of the United States,"
be instructed to report to this House the following joint res-
olutions to amend the Constitution of the United States,
in relation to the election of President and Vice President
of the United States, and for other purposes:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, two
thirds of both Houses concurring, That the following amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States be proposed
to the Legislatures of the several States, which, when rat-
ified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the States, shall
be valid to all intents and purposes as part of the Constitu-
tion, to wit:
1st. The President and Vice President of the United States
shall be elected for and during the term'of six years ; and no
person who shall have been elected President of the United
States shall be again eligible to that office.
2d. Hereafter this President and Vice President of the
United States shall be chosen by the people of the respective
States in the manner following: On the first Monday and
succeeding Tuesday and Wednesday, in the month of Au-
gust, sighteen hundred and-----, and the same days in every
sixth year thereafter, an election shall be held for President
and Vice President of the United States, at such places and
in such manner as elections are held by the laws in each
State for members of the most numerous branch of the Legis-
lature thereof. And the citizens of each State, who possess
tlfe qualifications of electors of the most numerous branch
of the State Legislature, shall then and there, directly and
without the intervention of electors to be appointed by the
States, vote for President and Vice President of the United
States, one of whom shall not be an inhabitant of the same
State with themselves. And the superintendents or persons
holding elections in each election district shall immedi-
ately thereafter make returns thereof to the governor of the
State. And it shall be the duty of the Governor, together
with such other persons as shall be appointed by the author-
ity of each State, to ascertain the result of said returns;
which returns shall be immediately certified by the Gov-
ernor, and sent to the seat of the Government of the United
States, to each of the Senators in Congress from each State,
to the President of the Senate, and to the Speaker of the
House of Representatives. The places and manner of
holding such elections, of canvassing the votes, making re-
turns thereof, and ascertaining their result, shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof. Congress
shall have the power of altering the times of holding the
elections, (but they shall be held on the same days through-
out the United States,) and of altering the time herein after-
wards prescribed for the assembling of Congress every sixth
year. The Congress of the United States shall be in ses-
sion on the second Monday m October, in the year one
1 thousand eight hundred and thirty---------, and on the same
day in every sixth year thereafter; and the President of the
I Senate, in the presence of the Senate and House of Repre-
l sentatives, shall, as soon as convenient and practicable,
: proceed to open all the certificates and returns, and the
electoral votes of the States shall he thereupon counted.
The person having the greatest number of votes for Presi-
dent shall be President, if such number be a majority of
j the whole number of votes given; but if no person have
such majority, or if the person having the majority of the
j whole number of votes given shall have died before the
i counting of the votes, then a second election shall be held
I on the first Monday and succeeding Tuesday and Wednes-
,' day in the month of December then next ensuing; which
second election shall be conducted, the returns made, the
| votes counted, and the result of the election in each State
I certified by the Governor, in the same manner as in th 
i first, and the final result of the election shall be ascertained
I in the same manner as the first, and at such time as shall
1 be fixed by law, or resolution of Congress ; and the person
I having the greatest number of votes for President shall be
j President, if such number be n majority of the whole num-
', her of votes given; but if two or more persona shall have
1 received an equal and the highest number of votes at the
second election, or if the person who shall have received
the majority of the whole number of votes given at the
second election shall have died before the counting of the
votes, then the House of Representatives shall ehoose one
of the remaining number of the persons voted for for Presi-
dent, in the manner now prescribed by the Constitution.
The person having the greatest number of votes for Vice
, President at the first election shall be Vice President, if
I   such number be a majority of the- whole number of votes
!   given; and If no person shall have received such majority,
!   or if the person who shall have received a majority of the
! whole number of votes given shall have died before the
| counting of the votes, then, of the person having the two
highest number of votes the Senate shall choose one for
Vice President; but if two or more persons shall have the
highest, and an equal number of votes, then the Senate
shall choose a Vice President from the persons having the
highest number of votes.
3d. No Senator or Representative shall, during the time
for which he was elected, and the continuance in office of
a President in whose term of service he shall have acted,
be appointed to any office or employment, or hold or make
any contract, with or under the authority of the United
States.
4th. When the House of Representatives shall choose a
President, no person who shall have been a member of, or
, elected to, that House at the time of making the choice,
shall, during the continuance in office of the President so
chosen, be appointed to any office or employment, or hold
or make any contract with or under the authority of ihe
, United States.
|     Mr. DROMGOOLE referred to the fact that
the subject embraced in the foregoing resolutions
was already before a select committee of the
House, of which he was chairman. That com-
mittee had made some progress in the considera-
tion of the matterunder their charge. He thought,
therefore, that the proposition of the gentleman
from Tennessee ought to be laid on the table.
The resolutions were then laid on the table,
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported a bill pro-
viding for the payment of the volunteer and
militia corps in the ftcrvice of the United States,
and for other purposes; which was read twice,
and committed.
Mr. THOMAS, from the select committee on
the banks of the District of Columbia, reported
with an amendment the bill from the Senate to pro-
long the charters of the Bank of Columbia, of
Georgetown, and the Bank of Alexandria, of th 
city of Alexandria: which was committed.
On motion by Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illiuois,
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 15, 1838.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Donelson, his Private
Secretary, transmitting a report from the Secre-
tary of State relative to our relations with France,
made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Secretary of the Treasury, made in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, inquiring whether
the supply of gold at the Mint of tire United
States is sufficient. The report says the supply
is not sufficient, and recommends the passage of
an act authorizing the purchase of gold bullion
and foreign gold coins for the purpose; and,
On motion by Mr. WEBSTER, it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
The CHAIR also communicated a report from
the Treasury Deportment, made in compliance
with the resolution of the Senate of the 3d instant,
showing what balances of former appropriations
constituted the unexpended balances of appropri-
ations at the end of the last year; which was also
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. NAUDAIN presented the memorial of e
number of owners of vessels navigating the Del-
aware, praying for an appropriation for deepen-
ing the entrance of Christiana river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented memorials of
the Indiana Legislature, praying that an act may
be passed making an appropriation for horses
lost in the late Indian campaigns, and praying for
a donation of land for the construction of a rail-
road; which were referred to the appropriate com-
mittees.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of
Thomas Ketchum; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, presented the petition
of sundry citizens of Ohio, praying for the re-
moval of a land office; which was laid on the table.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of Means
Clark; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. WHITE presented the petition of Non-
deshaman, alias Peter Naggs, a Chippewa Indian;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of Albert
Pauling, praying for arrears of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WRIGHT also presented the memorial ot
the Board of Trade of the pity of New York,
praying further and speedy legislation on the
subject of the relief of the sufferers by the late fire
in that city; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. EWING, of Illinois .presented the memo-
rial of sundry citizens of Chicago, praying for
the construction of a light-house"at the mouth of
Grand Calumet; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. NILES presented the petition of W. H.
Freeman, lieutenant colonel of the marine corps,
setting forth the evils and grievances which the
