IN*
ftíE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
February 15,
trines, however preposterous, would be without
their advocates, and none too visionary to fina
support; and with equal justice and piopriety
mi "lit the whole people of New 1 ork be charged
with being followers of Matthias, as the people
of'Nevv Hampshire for favoring the designs of the
Knipps, and Gainsoiis.and Thompsons, because
gome one 01 two adherents of tho&c individuals
might be found among them. The feelings of his
constituents were strong, and had been fully de-
monstrated                                    ,,,,,,
"What were the remarks for which he had been
arraigned, not only before the public, but before
the Senate of the Unittd States, as having been
guilty of untruth in his place en that floor' What
he said was, that there was no such disposition
among the people of his section of the country
as that indicated by the gentleman, [Mr Slade,]
and that not one in a hundred of Mr. P.'s con-
stituents who did not enteitain the most sacred
regard for the rights of their southern brethren,
and not one in five hundred who would not have
those rights proteeted at any and cvciy hazaid.
When he made thatremark, he did not, of course,
intend to include the children, who knew not what
they did, nor the ladies, who, m their proper
sphere, had his highest respect and veneiation.
He meant to speak of the yeomanry of his coun-
try, the legal voter*. With this qualification, he
was prepared to reassert all he said before He
would go fuither. Within the last six months,
as cverv one there must know, the subject of
abolition had been much agitated in public, and
he had nevf-r seen yet the first Abolitionist, man,
woman, or child, within his knowledge, in the
district in which he resided.
Mr P also understood, that since he had made
tins statement, a report had gone forth from
member to member of the House prejudicial to
his chaiacter. It was this, that petition!, had
been íecetved there, and were there, with a large
number of names upon them, praying the aboli-
tion of slavtiy in this District, and that luc col-
leagues and himself had held them back He
now had a member in his eye who, he undei-
stood, had hcaid that statement, and he called
upon that gentleman to state how the fact was
Mr HEISTER explained, that the report he
had he ird vv as, that there would be petitions sent
on from the gentleman's district, with four 01 five
thousand signatures attached to them. Mr H.
had htaid nothing of their having come on
Mi PIERCE said, that was partly what he
undeibtood—thatpctitionshad been signed by four
01 five thousand names for the abolition of slavery
within the District of Columbia. He should regret
exceedingly if any member, or any man living,
could suppose him capable of stating in his place
in that Housi, or anywhere else, what was an
untruth. Before, however, he proceeded to the
" mathematu s" ot this article, he would propound
a single inquii y He wanted to know if he was in
eiror,and if anv gentleman had in his possession,
01 had sent to him, any petition from New Hamp-
shire for the abolition of slavery in this District'
If he had, Mi. P trusted he would do him the
justice to state the fact                f
Mr BORDEN said, he had a petition of that
charactei
Mr. PIERCE wished to <seo it
Mr. BORDEN said it was on the Clerk'stable,
having been presented on a former day
Mr PIERCE wished to know the number of
signatures on it, and whether they were "males,
females, or children '
Mi   BORDEN replied that he could not tell
Mi PIERCE desired the Clerk to send for it
He again called the attention of the House to the
article before referred to The editor said he had
aheady seven hundred signatures, and then went
on to add that, in all human probability, six hun-
dred legal voters would sign it in one township,
and in another three hundred, in another two
hundred, Ac. Then, what docs he do' He
takes the number of individuals in the State over
twenty years of age, and then assumes his pre-
sumptive divisor to show that one out of every
thirty-three in that State -were in favor of Aboli-
tionism
With regard to the petition already presented,
lie should have supposed that it would have been
sent to borne member of the delegation    He was
not aware that such a petition was here as the
one he held in his hand, until since the abusive
article was read in the Senate on Friday last
It was from the town of Plymouth, in the county
of Giafton, and was sent to his colleague, [Mr.
BtRN-s,] then and now confined io his room by
sickness
Mr P. then referred to the signers of the peti-
tion—about two hundred and thirty m number—
all of whom were females and children, not one
male signature among them, and, to show how
they must have been got up, there weie fifteen
signaimes all of the name of George ' And he
learned fiom his sick colleague that the greater
portion of them were children. He would be
much surprised if the petition presented by the
gentleman from Massachusetts was not of the
same character.
Mr. P. took that occasion to state another feet.
Since he had the honor to address the House at
an early period of the session, primary meetings
of the people of New Hampshire had been held
in every single county, in which almost every
township had been represented, and they had
there investigated his, statements and passed upon
this subject. Strong resolutions had been adopted
at all of them upon this very subject, with, as he
believed, but three dissenting voices; and those
of his own county had been adopted unanimously.
Mr P. then read them, as follows:
' Resohed, That the regulation of master and «lave is a
matter cxclu ively within the regulation of the Sutes in
whidi it < xi-t)-,aii(l that any interference by the inhabitants
of other Pun, iii r  ird to it i¿ not only unauthorised anil
■utriiMVc but liirhlc& and dishonorable, aa being aiam«t
the letter and «pi it of the ~acred compact which lnnds u>
to  the
RdtolieJ, That tho->e who promote infl iininatory di-cus
sio ^ andar guilt} 01 di scminatmg anions the slaves of
th" South publication, tin tcndenev'oi which is to excite
«crvile insurrection, ire regarded by m as persons prompted
bv t le mo t rccklcs wickedness, or by an insane fanati
ei^m, tullv .^ mischievou-i in it  consequences "
Let him ask, then, whether, after such an ex-
pression from his own county, and from the
people of his State generally, he wag to be held
up as havingstated what was untrue' After such
testimony as this, was the State he had the honor
in part to represent to be arr.tignrd upon the
authority ot a worthless and miserable incendiary
editor' Mr P then referred to the other petition
presented by Mi. BoRDFV.and it was found, with
the exception of about thuty, to be all signed by
females Mr. P said hi could iddnee many other
facts, th it would shov\ concliisnply that there
v\a& haidlv a difiln no" among the yeomanry of
his State
Mr P was not only charged in this article with
an maccuiacy of stnterr <nt, but there was applied
to htm an epithet that had been made notonous
11 consequence of having been used on a memor-
able occasion by one of the ablest debaters of
anv agt , at the North it was undei stood to desig-
nate a " ciaven-spinted man " Mr P. said he
would not intentionally injure the feelings of any
man, he would not provoke an assault, but he
would take occasion to say in his place there,
once for all, that if any gentleman chose to take
that statement as correct, he might put Mr. P 's
spirit to the test when, and where, and how he
pleased. Mr. P said he was too unwell to pro-
ceed, and he would conclude by expressing a hope
that, if evei hereafter his chaiacter should be ar-
raigned, intentionally or unintentionally, it would
be upon no better authority than that of a worth-
ies editor of an incendiary abolition publica-
tion
Mr PICKENS said, as to the paper which
had been read, he had never seen it He had
only to remark that the reading of it in the Sen-
ate had, he understood, been only with a view to
show piesumptively that the Abolitionists were
more numerous than an honorable Senator [Mr
Hill} declared them to be
Mr HAMMOND asked the permission of the
House to put a single question to the gentleman
from New Hampshire.
It being objected to, Mr. H. moved to suspend
the rule, and stated that the point he wished to
inquire about concerned himself personally.
The motion was agreed to, and the rule was sus-
pended
Mr. HAMMOND then said he wibhcd to
ask the gentleman from New Hampshire if he
intended in any pan of the remarks he had just
made to charge, directly or indirectly, that there
was any connection between any two parties in
this country, of one of which he (Mr H.) was
a member, for the purpose of dissolving the
Union'
Mr. PIERCE replied that he had not said so,
and had not intended to say so.
Mr. HAMMOND said he was perfectly satis-
fied.
The SPEAKER announced the special order,
being the appropriation bills.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, moved to suspend
the rules, for the purpose of calling the States
for petitions, which was agreed to.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS,  ETC.
Petitions and memorials were then presented
by
Messrs. EVANS, JARVIS, HALL, BAI-
LEY, and MASON, of Maine.
Mr. CUSHMAN, of New Hampshire.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. BRIGGS presented a petition, praying the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia.
Mr. WISE demanded the question of reception,
and inquired whether it was the understanding
of the Chair, that all the memorials heretofore
piesentcd, and those to be hereafter offered, were,
as a matter of course, to be referred to the select
committee, under Mr  Pinckney's resolution'
The CHAIR replied, that the memorials here-
tofore received had been referred to the select
committee As it regarded those to be hereafter
offered, that question was not now before the
House The motion of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, not to receive the present petition, was in
order.
Mr. WISE inquired whether it was competent
to debate his motion '
The CHAIR said it was.
Mr. WISE said that they could not turn the
wheels of time backward, an understanding of
the question of the abolition of slavery must be
had now or never He did not consider that the
question of abolition was settled, or could be set-
tled, by any evasive measures. Be it remem-
bered by the people of this countiy, that it was
not the people of the South, or their Representa-
tives, who introduced this subject before the Con-
gress of the United States Be it remembered,
that it was the people of the North who got up
abolition petitions, and their Representatives who
presented them, that introduced that subject, and,
if there be agitation and agitators, the people and
Representatives of the South are not concerned
in it. They deprecate the agitation of that sub-
ject in Congress and elsewhere. The people of
the South have protested against it in evei y form;
but still you will receive those petitions, refer,
and legislate upon them, and it is time that the
South were acting At the beginning of the
session, when the States were first called for res-
olutions, be it íemembered by all, that a gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Jauvis] offered resolutions
upon the subject, and when the whole subject
was bi ought before the House by the northern
Repiesentative.s, were southern men to be silent?
If the Representatives of the South had remained
silent when the subject of legislation upon south-
ern rights was brought up by northern Repre-
sentatives, they would have been recreant to their
constituents and to the whole South. Strange, in-
deed, was it that a southern man should make a
charge of agitation against the South, and come-
forward with an evasive proposition, at a time
when gentlemen were ready to give the southern
people the resolutions they wished ' That a
southern Repiesentative should have done so was
astonishing, and ho hissed him and spurned him
as a desertei from the punciples of the South!
The SPEAKER called Mr. Wise to order,
and said that the gentleman must take his seat.
Mr. Wise remained standing, and the Speaker
repeated that he was called to order, and he must
be seated. Mr. Wise still remained on the floor,
and the Speaker, in reiterating the call to orders
appealed to the House \o sustain the deoorum of
the body
Vanous members in every part of the Houso
now called to order, atld Mr, Wise resumed his
sent.
