188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
February 16,
papers and documents relating to a claim of Major ,
AlphonsoWhitmore,formerlyofthe United btatea
Army. Tins gentleman lughly distinguished lum-
selfdurin? the last war in some of the bloody battles
fou"ht on the Niagara frontier, in one of winch
he lost an arm by a cannon ball. He afterwards
received the appointment of paymaster; and, as
he says, in one of his voyages to pay off troops
stationed on the Missouri river, the public money
confided to Jus care was lost in consequence of
the sinking of his canoe, by which loss he became
a debtor to the Government twelve or fourteen
thousand dollars, for which he wishes relief. The
situation of this gallant man is truly deplorable.
He is now entirely ruined in fortune; his property
all sold by the sheriff and constable, and deprived
by a construction of our laws of that pension for
his support which was awarded him for his ser-
vices in defense of his country. His feelings are
so vividly portrayed in the following letter to me,
that I would claim the indulgence of the Senate
while I read it:
" My story is a short one. I lost the money, and the con-
stable lad the slu.ili" have recently sold all uiy goods and
clnttcK Tlie pennon which I am entitled to bylaw I have
not drawn tor «eveial vears. I served the country in com
mission twenty-one years. I entered the Army with two
arms, and came out with one. All I n-k of the Government
is to have my account-, balanced, and I will relinquish all
claim- to the end of the chapter for a pjiiMOn. If tins
cannot be granted. I have nothing to pay with but fle<h — how
many pounds I will not undertake to say. What I have
however, u now, as it always has been, at the service of my
country, either in the fi"ld, or in jail, as tlio e in authority
may plea-e to direct. If there is to bj a fi^lit with the
French. I will work out the btlance I owe in the war, or pay
it off bv installments of arm« and ley-, at a* reasonable a
rate a  tlie suite ot the market will justiiy. My intellectual
properties are to be filed in on the score of patrioti-m and
fame. There may appear something like levity in my style,
but, in "ubstanee. there is truth and gravity of a painful
character.
'■ Will you be pleased to write me a line or two, and give
me jour opinion m the ca^e.'
" I am organizing an emigrating party of young men for
Texas. Thev may get a league of land each, or enter a
tract six feet by two."
The documents were then referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TYLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which had been recommitted
the bill for the relief of the corporations of the
District of Columbia, reported a bill in lieu there-
of; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. BUCHANAN, from tlie Committee on the
Judiciary,  made an unfavorable report on the
petition of Thomas Tenant, and others, of Bal- '
timore.
Mr. B. said this was a claim that had been
several times before the Senate. It had been be-
fore the board of commissioners, and they had
reported against it; and now to open that report,
there was no telling what it would lead to.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which the subject had been referred
by a resolution of the Senate, reported a joint
resolution, fixing the succeeding terms of the
meeting and adjournment of Congress; which"
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
[The resolution provides that the annual meet-
ings of Congress shall hereafter be on the first
Mondays of November in each year, and that
the adjournments of each session shall be on the
second Mondays of May.]
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of A. & J.
Dennistown, of New Orleans; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. EWING, of Illinois, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered and agreed
to:
Rmohcei, That the Secretary of War communicate to
the Senate the report ef a survey of a road, made during
the summer of 1835, fron  Chicago, m the State of Illinois,
to Green Bay, in the Territory ot Michigan.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That (he President of the United States be re-
quested to caus>e the Senate to be informed, whether any
further defenses are proposed to be erected at Key West
and Mobile Bav; and, if t>o, whether it is expedient to com-
mence such works this year, and the amount necessary to
be appropriated for these objects.
The resolutions lying on the table submitted by
Messrs. Porter, Mangom, Hubbard, Ruoolbs,
White, Linn, Robinson, ^nd King of Alabama,
were severally considered and agreed to.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Porter, con-
templating the setting apart of the Friday of
each week for the consideration of bills, was laid
on tbo table.
LADIES   IN THE LOBBY.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Btjchinan,
for giving each Senator the privilege to introduce
three ladies into the circular lobby, was taken up
for consideration.
Mr. TIPTON moved to lay it on the table;
which motion was lost.
Mr. KNIGHT moved to amend it by striking
out the word " ladies, "and inserting " persons."
After some remarks from Messrs. BUCHAN-
AN, KNIGHT, KING of Alabama, and POR-
TER,
Mr. LINN moved to amend the amendment
by providing that the circular gallery be appro-
priated to ladies and persons accompanying them,
and allowing to each Senator the privilege of
admitting three persons into the lobby.
After some further conversation between
Messrs. BUCHANAN, KNIGHT, and TIP-
TON,
Mr. BUCHANAN modified his resolution so
as to allow each Senator to admit two ladies
instead of three.
Mr. PORTER then moved to refer the subject
to a committee of three members; which motion
was lost—yeas 13, nays 22.
The question being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Knight, it was lost—yeas 19, nays 20.
The question being on Mr. Linn's amendment,
Mr. NAUDAIN moved to amend it by striking
out the latter part, which allows each Senator to
admit three persons; and after some remarks
from
Messrs. NILES, WRIGHT,and CALHOUN,
the question was taken, and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 19, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Benton, Clayton, Grundy, Hendricks,
Hill. Hubbard, Linn, McKean, Moore, Morris, Porter. Pren-
tiss, Rubles, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tipton, Webster, White,
and Wnzht—19.
NAYS — Messrs. Black, Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Claj, Crittenden, Davis, Ewmgot Illinois, Ewmg of Ohio,
Goklsborough, Kent, Kin? of Alabama. Km  of Georgia,
Knight, Leigh, Mangum, Naudam, Nile*. Prepon, Robbms,
Southard, Swift, TomIm«on, Tyler, and Wall—35.
The question was next taken on Mr. Linn's
amendment; and it was lost—yeas 12, nays 31;
as follows:
YEAS— Me jsra. Benton, Hen d neks, Hill, Hubbard, Linn,
Porter, Prentiss, Kuggles, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tipton, and
Wright—12.
NAYS — Messrs. Black, Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun.
Clay, Clayton, Crittenden. Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Ewing
of Illinois, Goldsborough, Grundy, Kent, Kingof Alabama,
K ingot Georgia, Kniglit, Leigh, McKean,Mangum,Moore,
Naudam, Nile*, Preston, Robbing Southard, Swift, Tomhn-
m>u, Tj ler, Wall, Welhtcr, and White—31.
The question was then taken on the original
resolution; and decided in the negative—yeas 20,
nays 24; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Black, Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clay. Crittenden, Davis. Ewing of Ohio, Ewingof Iihnois,
Goldshorough, Kent, King of Alabama, King of Georgia,
Knight, Mangum, Preston, Robbms, Toinhnson, Tyler, and
Wall—20.
NAYS —Messrs. Benton, Clayton, Grundy, Hendricks,
Hill, Hubbard, Leigh, Linn, McKean, Moore,Morris, Nau-
dam, Nile-, Porter, Preston, ltuggk--., Shepley, Southard,
Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, Webster, White, and Wright
—24.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
The order of the day, being the petition of the
Society of Friends of Lancaster, Pennsylvania,
to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia,
was then taken up.                                                     j
Mr. LEIGH said he had seen in a morning I
paper a very odd account of an accident that oc-
curred at the close of yesterday's debate.    He
then read from the Telegraph the following pas- '
sages:
" Mr. N. proceeded till he got to Mr. Leigh, to whom he
ascribed an expression in regard to abolition at the North.
" Mr. LEIGH explained. He had uttered no «uch word 
and no such sentiment.
"Mr. N. waived a reply, and proceeded through his
manuscript, interspersing and closing it with various ex-
temporaneous comments. When he had done, at half-past
four o'clock,
" Mr. LEIGH again repeated that lie had uttered no such
sentiment M Mr. N. had ascribed to him ; and asked, as an
act of justice, that Mr. N. would insert this disclaimer in
his speech when published.
"Mr. NILES had got the expression from the Globe.
He was unwilling to trust to Mr. Leigh's disclaimer; but,
if Mr. L. would prove to him that he had made no such
expression, he would run bis pen across it."
According to this account (said Mr, Leigh)
the grossest of all insults was intentionally given
to me, and patiently submitted to. I cannot suffer
this account to pass unnoticed. The substance
of the conversation was this:
After the Senator from Connecticut concluded
his remarks, I rose, and, referring to that passage
in his speech in which he professed to state what
I had said in the debate on this subject—the pas-
sage ending with attributing to me a declaration
that Dr. Channing's book had convinced me that
there was something rotten in Denmark—I said
that I had understood the Senator from Connec-
ticut to say he had not heard my speech; and he
signified that I had understood him aright. I then
said, that I supposed he must have found the sen-
timents he imputed to me in some printed account
of my remarks. He assented. I asked him
where? He answered, in the Globe. I then re-
marked, that I had hardly ever taken the trouble
to correct misrepresentations of my conduct or lan-
guage in the newspapers, simply because, what-
ever public man should undertake that task would
have to devote his whole time to it; but that, when
language and sentiments which I never uttered
were imputed to me by a Senator in his place,
and in my hearing, to permit such a misstatement
to pass without correction would be to acknowl-
edge its justness. That, therefore, I desired of
the Senator from Connecticut, as an act of justice
to me, that when he should publish his speech
he would put a note on the passage alluded to,
informing his readers that I declared in my place
that I had uttered no such words and no such sen-
timents.
The Senator from Connecticut said, he had
taken his information as to what I had said from
a report in the Globe, which he took to be a very
honest paper; and that, if I would satisfy him that
I had not delivered such sentiments, he would
run his pen through the whole passage; he would
expunge it.
The requisition on me to satisfy him (after what
had passed) was, to be sure, taking the Senator's
words in their natural import, offensive enough,
though I did not then (nor do I now) believe the
offense was intended. But I rose, and said I had
not intended to take, and certainly should not
take, the least pains to satisfy him; that all I desired
was, not to be misunderstood by the public; and
that, if the language and sentiments which the
Senator had ascribed to me were imputed to me
by the report of my speech in the Globe, it was
a gross, and, I did not doubt, a willful misrepre-
sentation; that it imputed to me that which was
not only never said by me, but the reverse of
what I did say, as every gentleman who heard
the speech could avouch; and, in truth, I had not
supposed it possible that any human being could
misunderstand the temper of that speech.
After some remarks from Mr. NILES,
Mr. LEIGH rose and asked the gentleman to
say, explicitly, whether he intended to doubt the
sincerity of his disclaimer of the language and
sentiments ascribed to him?
Mr. NILES said that he already denied having
any such intention; that he never pretended to
give the precise words made use of by the gentle-
t man, but only the construction which he thought
they were fairly susceptible of.
Mr. LEIGH replied that in that case he had
no further remark to make, except that he was
wonder-struck that any human being could put
such a construction upon the portion of his remarks
in question.
Mr. MANGUM moved to postpone the further
consideration of the order of the day, as Mr.
Black, who had the floor, was too much indis-
posed to address the Senate; which motion waa
agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Tie reports of several of the standing commit-
tees, unfavorable to various petitions that had
been referred to them, were severally considered
and agreed to.
The bill to authorize George Whitman and John
