1886.                               THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                 1S9
B Lamar, to import free of duty «n  iron steatn-
boit in detached parts;
The bill for the relief of Sebastian Butcher and
others,
The bill providing for the execution of the sur-
vey of certain public lands; and
The bill for the relief of Andrew Knox; were
severally read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole, and ordered to o
third reading.
The Senate then adjourned
■Vote by the Reporter —The words, " there Is something
rotten w "Denmark," were not used in the report of the
Globe, and Mr Nh.es explicitly said at the time, when fina
requested by Mr Leioh to explain, that lie did not attempt
to give that gt ntleman's language, but w as only expressing
hi--understanding of the import of it An extract from the
full report ot the National Intelligencer,understood tohuve
been made out bj Mr Leigh him-elf, with an extract from
the brief synopsis of the same speech given in the Globe,
w annexed, that Mr L may judge whether m this instance
there has been a w illlul misrepresentation of his language
Extract from the Intelligencer.
" t have since read the book itself, its title is ' Slavery,
by William E Channmg,' pnnted at Boston, I83Ó, ind I
mu^t "¡ay that I ha\e never n«en from the peru-a! ot any
book with a fpehng of deeper «orrow It ha  had the effect
of weakening the chief remaining ground ot hope m my
mind, that the incendiary schemes of the Abolitionists in
the northern States—the system of agitation they have
organized—the war they are kindling against the peace and
hinpine--^ ot the South and the harmonv of the Union—
would be effectually counteracted and suppressed bv the
efforts of our tellow-citizcas of the non-slaveUotding
States"
Extract from the Globe.
" Since that debate he Ind read a book, entitled ' Slavery,'
by a Mr E Chinning of Bo-ton He had never read any
paper that filled his mind with a deeper «orrow. * * *
This book (said Mr L ) has impaired in my breast the strong
hope founded on the belief, deduced from conversations
with intelligent gentlemen from non Maveholding States,
that that mttlhgence and good sense would be exerted to
suppress this cause of mischief and agitation throughout
the l.moa "
HOUSE OE REPRESENTATIVES.
Tcesbay, February 16, 1836.
Mr CASEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting a quantity of land
to aid the States of Illinois and Indiana in the
improvement of the Great Wabash river, which
was lead twice and committed
Mr DUNLAP.from the Committee on Public
Lands, repotted a bill for the relief of John Dav-
lin, which was read twice and committed
Mr CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported the following bills,
which were read twice and committed
A bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to act as the agent of the United States in all
matters relating to their stock in the Bank of the
United States, and
A bill to repeal the fourteenth section of the
act incorporating the subscribers to the Bank of
the United States, approved April 10, 1816
Mr HOAR, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills, which
were read twice and committed:                              I
A bill for the relief of Margaret Reynolds;
A bill for the relief of John Casey; and
A bill for the relief of Coleman A. Collier.
Mr MILLIGAN, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Sam-
uel Hambleton, which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. STORER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of William Foxworlhy, which was read twice
and committed.
Mr HOWARD, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a bill respecting discrimin-
ating duties upon Belgian vessels, and to refund
part of the duties paid by Belgian vessels, which
was read twice and committed
Mr MASON, of Virginia, fiom the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported without amendment
the bill from the Senate for the relief of Mary
CSuIIivan, and the same was committed              I
Mr MUHLENBERG, from the Committee on '
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Elizabeth Hunt, heir of Captain William Hen-
dricks; which was read twice arid committed.      I
Mr TAYLOR, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting arrearages of I
pension to Ellen Ahem Schmuck; which waa |
read twice and committed                                       I
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to
William C. Beard, late a captain in the United
States Army, which was read twice and com-
mitted
On motion by Mr. GRAYSON, and at the in-
stance of the Committee on Naval Affairs, the
Committee of the Whole House was discharged
from the further consideration of the bill for the
estabhshmentofanavy-yardat Charleston,South
Carolina; and the same was committed to the
Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr PEARCE, of Rhode Island,from the select
committee appointed on the subject, reported a
bill for the relief of the officers and soldiers who
served in the Rhode Island brigade in the revo-
lutionary war, their heirs and assigns, which was
read twice and committed
Mr ALLAN, of Kentucky, from the select
committee raised on the subject, made a report,
accompanied by a bill to extend the provisions
of the act supplementary to the act for the relief
of certain surviving officers and soldiers of the rev-
olutionary war, approved 7th June, 1832, which
was read twice and committed.
Mr CARTER, on leave, submitted a motion
to print five thousand extra copies of the last
report and bill; which was agreed to.
Mr WHITTLESEY, from the Committee of
Claims, Messrs CRAIG and TURRILL.fVom
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, Messrs.
STORER, and HARRISON of Pennsylvania,
from the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions,
Mr LINCOLN, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, Mr BEAUMONT, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions; and Mr. LYON, from the
Committee on Indian Affairs, made unfavorable
reports upon various memonals and petitions,
winch were laid on the table.                                   I
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution offered by Mr Smith, of Maine, pro-
posing to take from the files of the House and
print the letter of the late Hon. William T Barry,
presented to the House of Representatives on the
last day of the last session of Congress.
Mr. MASON, of Ohio, withdrew his motion
for the reading of the letter.
Mr HA WES renewed the motion, but subse-
quently withdrew it.                                                j
Mr EVERETT regretted being under the ne- '
cessity of making any remarks on this letter, but
he felt compelled to oppose the motion to print
this paper. It was not addressed to that House,
and required no action of that body, being in the
form of an appeal to the people He put to the
House this suggestion, whether they would print
the reply of an individual to the report of one of
its own committees  Mi. E cited some para-
graphs in the letter, the purport of which was to
censure the pioceedings of the committee, and
replied thereto, so far as he himself was con-
cerned. (Mr E was a member of the Select
Committee on the Post Office )
Mr HA WES said tins was indeed a singular
proceeding on the part of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr Smith,] and in the discussion of
tins question Mr. H should neither spare his
feelings, nor the feelings of any member upon
that floor, or any one in th,e House, or out of it,
so long as he could keep himself within the rules
of order
In order that this question might be plainly
understood by every member of the House, he
should give a brief relation of it, and of the part
token by the gentleman from Maine during the
recess of Congress in relation to this matter Nor
should he stop here, but he should go on to ex-
pose to the world the part that gentleman had
acted.
It was generally known that the Post Office
Department of this Government was considered
mismanaged, and its funds misapplied, and that,
by order of that House, a committee had been
appointed to investigate its concerns. During
the recess of the last Congress, he, together with
the gentleman who had just addressed the House,
and other members who had been appointed the
committee on that occasion, made a laborious
investigation, and two reports of the majority
and minority of the committee had been made,
and scattered through the nation. The people,
therefore, were as well informed of the facts con-
tamed in those reports as their Representatives
After the committee had made their reports, and
a large number of them had been printed" by order
of the House, and circulated throughout the coun-
try, the then Postmaster General of the United
States, now no more, whose friend Mr. H was
while living, and whose memory he held dear,
now dead, upon the last night of the last session
of Congress addressed a communication, not to
that House, but to the people of this country,
justifying himself against what he was pleased
to call an attack made upon him by the commit-
tee. A proposition was now made by the gentle-
man from Maine, that this communication, which
had been already printed in nearly all the pubhc
journals of the United States, should be printed
by order of that House, and that the House should
become the organ through which an attack was to
be made upon a committee constituted by itself, and
appointed by its Speaker. When the gentleman
first offered this proposition, amounting to no
more nor less than that the House should sub-
scribe to the doctrines therein contained, and
thus tear up the bones of the dead, Mr. H. felt
it his duty, as an individual member of the House
implicated in the charges and instrumental in
making the report, to ask that gentleman to with-
draw it. Mr H. did so, as the late Postmaster
General slept in his grave, and it was not the part
of a friend to wish to arraign his bones again before
the people of the country. What the gentleman
expected to gain by this, and what he expected
to gain by an elaborate letter addressed by him-
self (Mr. S.) to the people of the United States,
Mr. H. would not pretend to say If he wished
to be considered the defender of the dead, Mr.
H would tell him he would fail of his object.
Nothing of that kind could happen; and the gen-
tleman would find, before he got through, that
he had subjected, not only himself, but his as-
severations to an ordeal m which they would b«
proclaimed as false !
The CHAIR called the gentleman to order
Mr. HA WES. I obey, sir; I beg pardon, I
was led away by my feelings.
By the requirement of the Chair, Mr H. took
his seat
Mr PATTON moved that the gentleman from
Kentucky be permitted to proceed
Agreed to.
Mr. HAWES assured the House, that he waa
unwilling, upon any debate, to trespass upon the
feelings of the House generally, or upon any in-
dividual member of it. But, God knows, every
member of the post office committee of investi-
gation could lay their hands upon their hearts
and say that in the report they made they did
justice to the Post Office Department, to the indi-
vidual head of it? and to the gieat body of the
people of the United States. When every indi-
vidual member of the committee knew they had
done this justice, then to be charged by an indi-
vidual member of the House with partiality, mis-
understanding, with ignorance, and with every
thing almost within the human language of a
denunciatory character, was more than he could
bear. Let him ask, where did the gentleman from
Maine obtain the vast body of information he
professed tobe in possession of in i elation to this
subject' Was he engaged in the Post Office De-
partment day after day, week after week, and
month after month, rummaging for, and wading
through, a vast mass of documents from the com-
mencement of the Government to the present
time' Had he done all this, that he was to be
pcimitted to put the brand of falsehood upon the
report of the committee' He pronounced the
gentleman's own report to be false, grossly false.
The CHAIR called the gentleman to order for
being personal to a member of the House.
Mr. HAWES explained that he was not then
speaking of the gentleman as a member of the
House, the pamphlet to which he referred having
been published before the present Congress was
in tsse.
Mr. SMITH hoped the gentleman would b 
allowed to proceed.
The CHAIR said the rule was imperative,
which he read.   The gentleman had indulged in
