190
a personality towards n member of the House,
and the crntleman could not proceed.
Mi. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, appealed
from the decision of (he Chair.
Mr iTY\\Ki> briefly explained. After the
commute.- on the Pos! Office Department had
made their report, the gentleman from Maine had
pub' shtd a iwpt r purporting to be ^if Mr. H.
r colK*ted corr-vtly)  comment upon that report
as a private individual, and not as a member of
mat House, attempting to prove that the Depart-
ment was right and the committee wrong. It was
in that way Mr H. had thrown back the impu-
tation cast upon the report.
The decision of the Chair was briefly opposed
by M.s«rs. EVANS, WISE, MERCER, and
PEYTON   and sustained by
Mr SMITH, who, for himself, (he said,) had
no obiection that the gentleman trom Kentucky
should be allowed the utmost latitude. If that
gentleman chooses to make the pamphlet to which
he alludes the platform of a speech upon this
floor, he (Mr S.) would improve the opportunity
which he hoped to have of showing that not a
paragraph, nor a sentence of the pamphlet, was
without the authority and support of the records
of the Post Office Department itself. He would not
travel out of that record for any proof. He hoped
the gentleman from Kentucky would be allowed
all the lautude that order would admit of, and the
records of the Post Office Department shallfurmsh
his (Mr. S. s)defense to the country.
Mr. E\ NUM said he did not come there to
settle political quarrels. If the course was to be
continued which had been commenced, they
should in a short time have tocóme to the House
prepared to protect themselves and their charac-
ters, as it would be out of the power of the Chair
to protect them. If the position assumed bv the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Pitton]" and
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wiw] be cor-
rect, they would have scenes of confusion and
violence on that floor, before long, which would
be a disgrace to the country and to the American
Congress. For his own part, he mast say that,
feeble as his health was, whenever he found that
the Chair could not protect him in the House, he
must come prepared to protect himself. He con-
ceived that, whenever a remark was made per-
sonal to any member of the House, that remark
was out of order. Gentlemen did not come there
to settle questions of veracity, but to do the busi-
ness of the nation. He thought the House liad
seen enough to be convinced that this state of
things must be put an end to; and he conceived '
it to be the duty of the House to sustain the
Chair m his effort to preserve order.
Mr. BELL expressed a wish that the words of
the gentleman from Kentucky be taken down, so
that the House might know what he was called
to order for.
The CHAIR said he was not bound to take
down the words of the gentleman from Kentucky •
bnt he would state that he understood him in su b-
atance to say, that he pronounced a certain paper
false, and attributed that paper to a member of
the House, and stated that that member had been
^Ü7 tÍ ?,£k!Í100d in Publ>shing that paper.
Mr. HAWES said he was as much in favor of
supporting theexertions of the Chair to preserve
order as any member, and must say that he con-
curred in every remark made by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Bvncm.]    In allud.n*
to the paper published by the gentleman from
Maine, he had said that it was " grossly false-"
but that paper was neither published at the ex-
pense of the Government, nor by any member
or that House as such; and on that account only
he conceived the Chair took it to be a personal
intrait to a member of the House.    Mr. H. spoke
m allusion to that paper, and pronounced it false
Perhaps the gentleman did not know it to be false •
ana he might not hare written the paper, although
his name was s.gned to it; and Mr. H. had In
wea that that paper was not written by the gen-
tleman, but was written in the Post Office De-
panmei^,bJJln offic*r of that Department.
Mr. WISE moved that the House give the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Smith] leave to ex-
plain.                                                     J
.i.R?tr'.iS.MitTH Baid' J16 did wnte the pamphlet
alluded to, every word of it, and was responsible
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
for it; and every sentence of it would be found
based upon, and supported by, the records of the
Post Office Department.
The SPEAKER called for order, and Mr. S.
thereupon took Ins seat.
Mr. GILLET objected to the motion being re-
ceived.
Mr. WISE said, as the gentleman from New
loik obiFcttd, he was satisfied.
Mr. HAW ES believed the Speaker was right
in calling him to order, as he undei stood his re-
marks; but he again related, that he did not
allude to a member of this House; and he must
be understood to be out of order, m assailing the
papers of that member, when he acted as a pri-
ste individual in publishing that paper.
Mr. MILLER contended that the Chair was
perfectly correct, and that it was theduty of every
member of the House to sustain him. A false
issue was made to the House; and it gentlemen
were permuted to reter to wntten papers, with
the names of members of Congress attached to
them, they might attack and denounce every doc-
ument published by gentlemen as false; and if
that state of things was to be admitted, you might
as well blot out your rules.
Mr. WADDV THOMPSON called for the
yeas and nays, which wore ordered.
Mr. PATTON hoped the appeal would be
withdrawn.
^If- "WISE understood that the gentleman from
Kentucky was called to order, first, for the irrel-
evance of his remarks to the subject under dis-
cussion; and second, for indecorum in debate;
and he wished to know whether there could not
be a division of the question'
The CHAIR said the question could not be di-
vided.
Mr. WISE then asked if the words of the gen-
tleman were taken down :
The CHAIR said they were not; but that the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] could take
them down, and send them to the Clerk'stable to
be read.
After some further remarks by Messrs. UN-
DERWOOD, EVANS, WISE, HAWES, and
Mr. GRENNELL presented  the following,   I
which he believed to be the words of the gentle-
man from Kentucky:
" A letter published during the recess of Con<m s«, to
which the name ot the gentleman from Maine fM^Surm
was signed, containing a statement winch, in truth and
in fact, was grossly lalse."
The question was then put upon the appeal
from the decision of the Chair, and decided as
follows:
Mr. HAWES, on leave, remarked, that the
House having decided, by a large majority, that
the words used by him were out of ordtr, he
submitted cheerfully to that decision So far as
he was concerned, he would in future enden; or
not to infringe those rules of order and piocecd-
mg, so essential to the ttansactton of the public
business. If it should be the pleasure of the
House to permit him to prociecl with the discus-
sion to-monow, he should carefully guard against
any infringement of the rule of order.
The House determined that the gentleman from
Kentucky should be permitted to pioceed, when
the sub)ect next came up for considt ration.
The CHAIR then announced the special order
being the bill fiom the Senate for the relief of the
SUFFERERS BY THE FIRE IN NEW YORK.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Hardin, to strike out the first proviso in the first
section, which is in the following words:
Prooultd, That tho*e who are within the provision of
this section, but who mav have paid their bonds subsequent
to the tate fire, shall also be enutled to the benefit ot th,8
section, and that the said bond  -hall be renewed fiom tho
day when the same w ere paid, and said payments refunded ",
Mr. PHILLIPSaddressed the House at length
in favor of the general principles of tho bill, and
in opposition to the pending amendment. He
also replied to the remarks made on a former day
by the gentlemen from Kentucky and Rhode
Island, [Messrs. Hardin- and Pearce.]
When Mr. P. had concluded, on motion by Mr.
GRAVES, the committee rose-, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair,
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that the said bill
be made the special order for to-morrow at one
o'clock; which was agreed to.
ST. LOUIS LAND OFFICE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting,
in pursuance of a resolution of the House, a re-
port of the register and receiver of the land office
at St. Louis, in relation to certain claim to land
therein mentioned.
The House then adjourned.
YEAS-Messrs. Anthony, Ash, Bailey, Barton, Beale,
Bean, Be.rd ley Beauiuont, Bockee, Boon, Bovee, Boyd,
Bnggs Brown, Bynum, Cambreleng, Campbell, Carr, Ca-
«rv.Cuanei, Chapman, Chapín, Nathaniel H  Claiborne,
r^n'J°ree¿ le"'nC!mn0r> Uorwin, Cramer, Crane
Cusuing, Cushman, Darlington, Davi , Deberrv, Denny
D,ckeraon, Doublcday. Dunlap, Eftner. Fairfield, Tarlm
Fo-Mer French, rrv.PhiloC Fuller, William K Fuller
Galbraith, James Garland. Gillet,C,ramland,Gravson,Gren
nell Haley, Jo-eph Hall, Hiland Hall, Hame'r, Hard, I ardin,
Ha  Km- .Hiynes, Ha/eltine, Henderson, Henter, Hoar
Jabez Jackson  Janes, Jams Joseph Johnson, Richard M
Johnson, Cave Johnson, John VV Jones, Benjamin Jones
Jud^n, kenuon, Kilgore, Kinnanl, Klingensrmth, Lane'
Lansing, Liporte   Lawr nco, Lay, Gideon Lee/josln 
Lee,Thomas Lee, Liomrd, Lincoln, Luca-, Lyon, Abi ah
Mann, Job Mann Manninc, Martin, WilUamMason, Mote,
Ma,on, Maury, Mav, MeC irtv,MeC0„,as, McKay McKen
non, McKeon.McKun, McL¿ne, Miller  M.ll.gan, Mom
Komery,  Moore,   Morgan,  Morn-,   Muhlenberg, bZ
Page, Parker, Patter-on, Uutee J Pearce.JariitM A Pearce
Petugrew, Phclp*. Phdlip*, Pinckney,Pott^ John Reynold*'
Joseph Reynolds, Roane, Rogers, Russell   Scbenck Sev'
moor, Augiuune   H.   Shopped,' Sl.inn/s.cWesSloan
Spanglcr    Sprague,   Sfde,  Sto'ror,  SutherlandI   TaUo '
Thomi,, John Thomson, Toiicev,   Tur ,er   í'naprwood'
WeíkS       gCner' Ward' War,hVe"< Wb^ «<*
™ NAX.S ~ Me*srs   Adams, Heman  Allen   Rank..   Ron
Bond, Bould.n  Bunch, Jolin'Calhoon, W Uiam B ¿aihoun'
Garland Glascock, Graham, Granger, Graves, Gnffin Ham
mond, Hannegan, Henry Johason,'Lawí , Luke L~"
Love, Loyal, Sampson Mason, Mercer, Patton! Peyío7
Pickens, Rob-rtson, Slade, Standefi r Tihafrrm W.Vm >
a^X.n^,n™'WhM^^
2? thwtCn'on of the Chalr was sustained.       'I
K«£,i    ri? ^^ £** the ?entleman from
Kentucky [Mr.HAWEs] be permuted to proceed, ',
IN SENATE.
Wednesdvt, February 17, 1836.
On motion by Mr. KENT, the petitions on the
sf'r   - i-              session of the administrator of
. Philip Moore were referred to the Committee on
II the Judiciary.
i Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Jnmeo
i Evans and others, remonstrating against the con-
firmation of certain land titles; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
CAPTAIN HENRY SMITH.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which had been referred the peti-
tion of Captain Henry Smith, made an unfavor-
able report thereon.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. McKEAN gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill authorizing
£™ít T7ler '° ,nTrt> free of duty, an iron
canal boat in detached parts.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally read the
third time and passed:
The bill to authorize George Whitman to im-
port, free of duty, an iron steamboat in detached
parts;
The bill providing for the execution of the sur-
vey of certain public lands; and
«J,t hul f°r/ke rclief of Sebastian Butcher
and the heirs of Bartholomew Butcher, Michael
Butcher, and Peter Broom.
LADIES' GALLERY.
The resolution  submitted yesterday by Mr.
ft-ivc, of Alabama, appropriating one third of the
circular gallery for the exclusive accommodation
ot the ladies, was considered, and unanimously
ANNA ROYALL-
The report of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, adverse to the petition of Mrs. Anna
Koyall, was considered.
. n*1"' ^yLER moved t0 lay the report on the
«we.    1 his case (ho said) involved the question
