1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
of interest on a commutation claim; and he made
the motion he did, preferring to discuss the ques-
tion on a bill from the other House, involving a
similar principle.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS  DISPOSED OF.
The repoi ts of the Committee on the Judiciary,
unfavorable to the memorials of Sommerville
Pinckney, executor of J. Williams, and of Tho-
mas Tenant and otheis, were severally concurred
in.
The reports of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, unfavorable to the memonals of the rep-
resentatives of Simuel Elbert,deceased; the heirs
of Samuel Jones, deceased; Ebenezer Banks; and
David Brooks, were severally concurred in.
The reports of the same committee, adverse to
the petitions of the heirs of Enoch K. Withers,
deceased;the representatives of William Rumney,
deceased; the heirs of Everard Meade, deceased;
the representatives of James Cram and William
Tecis, deceased; Ephraim Whitaker; and William
Arnel, were, on motion by Mr. Leigh, laid on
the table.
The joint resolution, authorizing a subscription
for a certain number of copies of Van Zandt and
Watterston's Statistical Tables, was considered.
On motion by Mr ROBBINS, it was referred
to the Committee on the Library.
NEW ORLEANS CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr PORTER submitted two presentments of
the giand jurv of the district court of the United
States foi the district of Louisiana, held at New
Orleans, representing the state of dilapidation into
which the custom-house of that city has fallen,
and the importance to the vast and growing com-
merce of that city of crectmg a new and suitable
one, which were refened to the Committee on
Commerce.
NATIONAL DÉJENSE.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the resolution intro-
duced by Mr. Benton for appropriating; the sur-
plus revenue to objects of permanent national
defense.                                                                    i
Mi. WRIGHT, who had the floor, addressed
the Senate in favor of the resolution; and, after
he had concluded, the debate was further con-
tinued by Messrs. CALHOUN, WALL,PRES-
TOS, and NILES.
On motion by Mr. ROBBINS, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Februa,-y 17, 1836.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported the following bills; which were
read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Jesse E. Dow; and
A bill for the relief of Edmund Burgess.
Mr. MUHLENBERG, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the '
relief of the legal representatives   of  Colonel
George Gibson, deceased, which was read twice
and committed.                                                        '
Mr. DARLINGTON, from the Committee on
the Expenditures on the Public Buildings, made
a report, which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Messrs. WHITTLESEY, PHILO C. PUL- I
LER, and CHAMBERS of Kentucky, from the '
Committee on Claims, Mr. GILLET, from the
Committee on Commeice; Mr. MERCER, from
the Committee on Roads and Canals, and Mr.
MORGAN, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, made unfavorable reports upon var-
ious petitions and memonals, which were laid on
the table.
REMOVAL OF CREEK INDIANS.
Mr. GLASCOCK asked the consent of the
House to submit the following resolution; which
was read for information
Resolved, That the Committee cm Indian Affurs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ot adopting measures
for the immediate removal ot the Creek Indiana to the al-
lotted territory in the treat} of the 24th March, 183-2.
Mr. G. said, in offering the resolution, he was
influenced by circumstances and events which
had recently transpired between a portion of the
citizens of Georgia and the Creek Indians; and
although there had been a partial adjustment of
the difficulties between the commanding officer in
I that quarter (General McDugald) and some of the
principal chiefs, yet he felt assured there were
j many turbulent and disaffected Indians of the
nation who could not be controlled by any meas-
ure, but would continue to commit their dep-
redations on our citizens, and keep them in a
continued state of alarm and excitement. Mr.
G. said he had just been apprised, too, that the
Executive of the State had found it necessary to
organize a battalion of volunteers for the imme-
diate defense and protection of our citizens in that
quarter, the great expense of which might well
be conceived", but it was due to that section of the
State that it should be done, and he was grati-
fied to find such a measure had been promptly
adopted. But Mr. G. said he felt satisfied perma-
nent peace and security would never be given to
our frontier citizens until there was a final re-
moval of the whole nation to their allotted terri-
tory, under the treaty of 1824; and it was with
this view he offered the resolution suggesting the
inquiry, and felt assured that some measures
might be adopted by the present Congress to give
satisfaction to our justly-excited and exasperated
fellow-citizens, and enable them again to pursue
in peace and tranquillity their usual avocations.
He therefore hoped the House would vote for the
adoption of the resolution, that some immediate
action might be had on the subject.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
the resolution was not before the House; and that
the consent of the House to its reception must
be first obtained before it could be debated.
Objection being made, Mr. G. moved a suspen-
sion of the rule, in order to enable him to submit
his proposition; which was negatived.
I               PAYMENTS TO   VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, moved to sus-
Eend the rule for the purpose of considering the
ill providing for the payment of the volunteeis
and military corps in the service of the United
States; which was negatived.
Mr J. subsequently moved to suspend the rule
in order to enable him to submit a motion, making
the foregoing bill the special order for one hour
to-morrow morning, after the reception of reports
from committees
Mr. ASHLEY moved to amend the motion so
as to include the bill authorizing the President of
the United States to accept the service of volun-
1  teers; which was negatived.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to—ayes 112, noes 38.
i     Mr. JOHNSON then  submitted the motion
indicated, which was carried.
SUSPENSION OF RULES.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to suspend
the rules until one o'clock, for the purpose of
receiving petitions, excepting petitions for the
abolition of slavery m the District of Columbia;
which was negatived.
CAPTAIN NATHAN HALE.
Mr. JUDSON, fiom the select committee on
that subject, moved to take up the joint resolution
in relation to the monument proposed to be erect-
ed to the memory of Captain Nathan Halo, for
the purpose of reading it a second time by its
title, and committing it; which was agreed to.      ¡
The resolution was then read a second time,
when Mr. JUDSON moved that it be committed
to the Committee of the Whole on the .«tate of
the Union.
Mr. VINTON moved to commit the resolution
to a Committee of the Whole House. He dep- '
recated the practice of sending ordinary matters
to the Committee on the state of the Union. He
was not opposed to the present resolution, but
had made the motion to refer it to a Committee
of the Whole House, in order, if possible, to
arrest the improper practice to which he had re-
ferred.
Mr. JUDSON adverted to the patriotic charac-
ter of the resolution, and urged the propriety of
the motion which he had submitted. He regret-
ted that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]
should have selected tins resolution as the occa-
sion upon which to oppose what that gentleman
considered an improper practice which had ob-
tained in reference to the mode of proceeding
upon measures before the House.
Mr. EVANS coincided in the remarks of tho
gentleman from Ohio. In the present instance,
he contended that it was incompetent for the gen-
tleman from Connecticut [Mr. Judson] to submit
this motion, under the authority of the select com-
mittee raised on the subject referred to. Tho
committee had reported. Their functions had
therefore ceased.
The hour devoted to morning business having
expired, the Chair announced the special order,
being the bill for the relief of
SUFFERERS BY THE FIRE IN NEW YORK.
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
then íesolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and took up the
said bill.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Hardiv to strike out the first proviso in the first
section, which is in the following words:
Proviled, That those who are within the provision of
this section, but who may have paid their bonds subsequent
to the late fire, «hall also be entitled to the benefit ot this
section, and that tlie said bonds shall be renewed trom the
day when the same were paid, and said payments refunded.
Mr. GRAVES, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee at length in opposition
to the bill, and in reply to Mr. Phillips. Mr. G.
maintained the ground that the principle involved,
as to the relation between the Government and the>
importer, was that of creditor and debtor, and not,
as the gentleman from Massachusetts argued, that
of pnncipal and agent. The importing merchants
had no more right to look for assistance in this
misfortune than they had to their individual cred-
itors. They knew all thew risks and liabilities,
and invariably made their profits in proportion
thereto. The argument that the eity of New York
had paid between two and three hundred miihoné
into the public Treasury, in no sense bore on the
merits of the question, because the importer
charged in proportion to what he paid, and the
whole came from the pockets of the consumer.
He should like to know how was the information
derived, that the loss in goods, property, books,
| papers, &c., would amount to |>26,00O,O00; and
how the city could sustain herself under such an
immense loss, and yet be prostrated, unless she
could get an allowance of interest upon four or
five millions' He contended that this bill was of
a novel character, and the eases of Alexandria
and Norfolk were not analogous, because in these
the actual sufferers only were relieved; whereas,
in the present bill, its provisions were limited to
merchants of the more wealthy class—those who
had suffered loss to the amount of one thousand
dollars and upwards. It proposed what was
always objectionable, unequal legislation, leaving
altogether unprovided for those who had as much
claim upon the Government as any other citizens,
and far higher claims on the ground of charity
than the merchants.
Mr. G. was above any sectional jealousy, or
any prejudice against New York, though he had
no desire to see concentrated in hera majority of
the trade and commerce of the country, but that
it should be diffused among other large cities of
j the East.
Mr. CUSHM AN said it appeared to him there
were but two principles involved, first, whether
they ought to grant the relief solicited by the un-
fortunate sufferers of the city of New York; and
next, whether it was expedient to do so > Tho
question of expediency had been much discussed,
and it had been argued that the bill was without
precedent. This was not so; and he instanced
the ease of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, where,
under similar circumstances, relief of the same
character had been extended by Congress. He
then cited the case of Portland, Maine, which in
the early days of the Government had been de-
stroyed by a cruel and vindictive foe. This of-
fered a precedent why the motion to strike out
this proviso should prevail; for the Continental
Congress struck out a similar prayer on the ground
that it would then be establishing a dangerous pre-
cedent, and placing the Government in the situa-
tion of underwriters. He could not vote in favor
of this bdl, unless the motion now pending should
prevail.   He believed it not only wrong in pnn-
