THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Session-, 24th Congress.
MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1836.
Volume 3....No. 13.
be made out of the revenue generally; and the
question was decided in the affirmative—yeas 23,
nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Black. Calhoun,.Clay, Clayton, Cntten-
den, Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Hendricks, Kent,
King of Georgia, Ringlit, Leigh, MeKean, Moore, Naudaiu,
Porter, Prentiss, Robbms, tíwiii, Tomlinson, Tyler, and
Webster—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Ewing of
Illinois, Hill, Hubbard, Km; of Alabama, Linn, Morris,
Niles, Ruggles, Shepley, Tallinadge, Tipton, Wall, White,
and Wnght -1".
The amendment of Mr. Preston, to strike out
the whole resolution after the word " Resolved,"
and insert " that such appropriations as are neces-
-sary shall be made to carry on the system of
general defense for the protection of the country,"
was next considered, and rejected.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, offered an amendment,
tocóme in as an additional section, but withdrew
it at the suggestion of Mr. Preston.
Mr. CALHOUN then offered an amendment,
to come in as an additional section, but subse-
quently withdrew it.
After some remarks from
Messrs. SHEPLEY, MANGUM, LEIGH,
PORTER, BUCHANAN, DAVIS, and BEN-
TON, the question was taken on the first of Mr.
Benton's resolutions, and it was decided in the
affirmative by yeas and nays, unanimously—
yeas 42.
On taking the question on the remaining reso-
lutions, they were also unanimously adopted.
After the consideration of executive business,
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.        ¡
Thursday, February 18, 1836.
Mr. BOULDIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill for the relief ,
of Frederick C. Dekrafft; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. BOULDIN, from the same committee, re-
ported, with sundry amendments, the bill from
the Senate, making an appropriation for the sup-
port of the Penitentiary in the District of Co-
lumbia, for the yearl83J; and the same was com-
mitted.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a joint res-
olution, authorizing the Postmaster General to
establish certain post roads in Missouri and Ar-
kansas; which was read twice, and ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time. Subsequently,
the said resolution was read the third time and
passed.
[Mr. SHIELDS asked and obtained leave to
refer certain documentary evidence in the case
of Major William Smith, of Tennessee, to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, to whom
that subject had been referred.]                              ]
Mr. LAWLEU, from the Committee on Pri- .
vate Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of <
the heirs and legal representatives of  the late
Robert Farmer, deceased; which was read twice ,
and committed.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills; which were
read twice-and committed:
A bill fur the relief of Ephraim F. Gilbert; and
A bill graating arrearage of pension to Noah
Miller.
Mr, MUHLENBERG, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Thomas Baytop;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr, SUTHERLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill making appropriations
for building light-houses, light-boats, buoys,
beacon-lights, and for making surveys, for the
year 1836; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. BEALE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Alpheus
Hutchknts-, which was read twice and committed.
Messrs. CHAMBERS of Pennsylvania, and
GARLAND of Virginia, from the Committee on
13
Private Land Claims; Mr. BEAUMONT, from
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims; Mr.
FRENCH, from the Committee on the Post Office !
and Post Roads; and Mr. HOAR, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions—made unfavorable
reports upon various petitions; which were laid
on the table.
SENATE BILLS, ETC.
The following joint resolution and bills from
the Senate were read twice and committed.
A joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
War to receive additional evidence in support of.
the claim of Massachusetts for services, disburs-
ements, and  expenditures during the late war;
A bill for the relief of Sebastian Butcher and
others;                                              _                        '
A bill providing for the execution of certain
surveys of the public lands; and
A bill to authorize George Whitman and John
B. Lamar to import, free of duty, an iron steam-
boat in detached parts.
- The amendments of the Senate to the bill for
the relief of Stephen Crittenton were considered
and agreed to.                                                           !
RESOLUTIONS.                                 i
On motion by Mr. LAWLER, it was                  j
Reiohed, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of passing a law
nuthnuziug the sale of reservations of land belonging to
the heirs of deceased resérveos of the C'ce'-c nation of In-
dians, east of the Mississippi, acquired by the treaty of
March 24,1832; as also the expediency of permitting such
reservecs under the said treaty to sell their reservations,
as were, by mistake, omitted to be placed on the ccn u 
roll by the agents of the United States.
On motion by Mr. MAY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims b? instructed
to inquire into the expediency of allowing compensation
to Daniel Slierwoad and William II. Spillcr for horses lost
by them during the late Indian disturbances in Illinois;
and, also, that the same committee inquire into the expe-
diency of compensating Epiiraim Spraguc for o loa horse
and a two-bor^e wagon and two sets of harness, taken by
i Colonel Jacob Fry for the use of the United States, whilst
engaged in an expedition to suppress the taid Indian dis-
turbances.
I     On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
¡ it was
Rciolcel, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
priation for the erection of a marine hospital m the city of
New Orleans.
On motion by Mr. FORESTER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads inquire 'into the expediency of establishing a
post route from McMmnvillc, Tennessee, to Liberty, Smith
county, Tennessee.
PAYMENTS TO VOLUNTEERS.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, the
House then resolved itself into a Committee of1
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Lin   \
coln in the chair,) on the bill to provide for the '
payment of volunteers and militia corps in the
service of the United States.
The bill was then read, as follows:
A bill to provide for the payment of volunteers aud militia '
corps in the service of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Unitei fitates of America in Congress arcem'Ued,
That the officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians,
artificers, and privates of volunteer and militia eoip-, who
have been, or may hereafter be, m the service of the United
States, shall be entitled to and receive the same monthly
pay, rations, and forage, and be furnished with the same
camp equipage, including knapsacks, as are or may be pro-
vided by law for the officers, musicians, artifice , and pri-
vates of the infantry of the Armv of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the officers of all
mounted companies shall each be entitled to receive fora-ic,
or money in lieu thereof, for two horses, when they actually
keep private servants, and for one horse when without
private servants; and that forty cents per day be allowed
for the use of each horse. That each non-commissioned
officer, musician, artificer, and private of all mounted com-
panies shall be entitled to receive forage m kind for one
horse, with forty cents per day for the use thereof, and
twenty five cents p^r day in lieu of forage aiidbtibsistenee,
when the same shall be furnished by himself, or twelve and
a half cents per day for cither, as tiie case may he.
Sec. 3. And Ic it further enacted, That the officers, non-
commissioned officers, musicians, artificers, and privates
shall be entitled to one day's pay, subsistence, and other
allowances for every twenty mile ' travel from their places
of residence to the place of general rendc-vous, and finm
the place of discharge luck to their r'-idonee.
Sec. 4. Ami he\t further en'tctcd. That the volunteers or
militia who may be received into the so.vic; o: the United
States by virtue of the proviion-, of this art, shall be
entitled to all the benefits which may be conferred on per-
sons wounded or otherwise disabled in the service of the
United States.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enaited, That when any officer,
non-commissioned officer, artificer, or private of said mili-
tia, or volunteer corps, who shall die at any tune in conse-
quence of wounds received in service, and shall leave a
widow, or if no widow, a child or childien under sixteen
years of age, such widow, or if no widow, such child or
children, shall be entitled to receive half the monthly pay
to which the decerned was entitled at the t.me of his death
for and during the term of five year.-; and in case of the
death or intermarriage of such widow before the expiration
of five year , the half pay for the remaimlei of the time
shall go to the child or children of said d 'cedent: Provided,
alouys. That the Secretary of War shall adopt such forms
of evidence, in app'ications under this act, n^ the President
of the United States may prescribe.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, moved the fol-
lowing amendment to the second section, to come
in after the word " companies," where it first
occurs, to wit: '• who have been, or who may
hereafter be, in the service of the United States;"
which amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved the following amend-
ments to the second section, in both places where
the word " use " occurs, so as to read in the first
place,
—'or the use and risk of each ho.se, except hoK-es killed
in battle, or dying of wounds received in battle ;
And in the second place,
—for the use and ri-k thereof, except such horses killed
in battle, or dying of wounds received m battle ;
Which amendments were agreed to.
The fourth section was then amended by Mr.
JOHNSON, of Kentucky, and Mr. WHIT-
TLESEY, to read as follows:
Sec. 4. *Jnd be it further enacted. That the volunteers
or militia who have been, or who may be received into the
service of the United States to suppress Indian depreda-
tions in Florida shall be entitled to all the benefits which
are conferred on persons wounded or otherwise disabled in
the service of the United States ;
Which amendments were agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON then added the following sec-
tion to the bill; which was agreed to:
Sec. 6. Beit further enacted. That the volunteer  and
militia mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this net,
I called into service before its passage, and who are directed
to be paid, shall embrace those only ordered into service by
i the commanding general, or the Governors of States arid
! of the Territory of Florida, under authority of tile War
Department, for repressing tnc hostilities ot' the Florida In-
dians.
,     Mr. HA WES then offered the following amend-
ment:
And be it further enacted, That the officers to be pro-
vided for in this act shall not exceed the number of offi-
cers attached to companies or regiments in the infantry
service of the United States.
Messrs. JOHNSON of Kentucky. WHITE
of Florida, and WHITTLESEY, objecting to,
the amendment, •
Mr. HA WES then modified his amendment by
the following proviso:
Provided, It shall not be in violation of the laws of tito
States or Territories from which suca troops ui y hi called.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, objected to the
whole proposition of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Hawes,] as he was confident that
the authorities of the States and Territories from
which the troops wowld be drawn would make
provision for the number of officers to be sent,
and that they would not send more than were ac-
tually required.
Mr. HA WES said his amendment provided
that the officers were to be paid agreeably to the
laws of the States and Territories from which
they were drawn. He was for having more
fighting men and fewer officers.
Mr. WHITTLESEY did not believe that
House to be the only.place where patriotism was
to be found. He believed the States and Terri-
tories would make ampíe provision to secure the
United States from any danger of paying more
officers than were necessary.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, hoped gentle-
