194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
men would allow the question to be taken, as it
was highly important that the bill snould Ue
pissed with the least possible delay.
Mr WHITE, of e'lor.da, h >;>ed the g-ntlcman
from Kentucky [Mr. Hawe<0 would withdraw
his amendment. He was satisfied that there would
not be more officers than the laws of the States
and Territories called for.
Mr H uves 's amendment was then disagreed to.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky,
the committee iose and reported the bill to the
House.
The amendments were then concurred in by
the House, and the bill ordered to be engrossed,
and read a third time to-day.
The House then proceeded to the execution of
the special order, being the bill for the relief of the
SUFFERERS BV THE FIRE IN NEW YORK.
On motion by Mr. C AMERELING, the House
resolved itself "into a Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Connor in the
chair,) and took up the said bill.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Hardin, to strike out the first proviso in the first
section, which is in the following words:
" Provided, That those who are within the provision of
this section, but who may have paid their bonds subsequent
to the late tire, shall also be entitled to the benefit o¡ tins
section, anil that the said bonds sluil be renewed from the
day when the same were paid, and said payments re-
funded-'—
as amended yesterday, on motion by Mr. Cam-
brelekg, by the addition of the following words:
—" if not previously carried into the Treasury of the United
States by warrant."
Mr. STORER was in favor of the principles of
the bill, and was satisfied it would meet with the
unanimity of his constituents, though he thought
it did not go far enough. It had been uiged
a ainst the bill that it was partial; but the same
remark applied, with more or less force, to all
legislation. It had also been contended that the
mechanical interest was not provided for by the
bill. Mr. S regarded the interests of the mechanic
and merchant as identical; and that which insured
prosperity to the one was equally felt by the
other. Mr. S. replied principally to Mr. Pickens,
of South Carolina, and Mr. Hardin, of Kentucky,
supported the bill at length, and reviewed the
various analogous acts heretofore referred to. He
could find a hundred acts the same in principle, but
no parallel one, for the event itself was unparal-
leled. He supported the bill for its own merits,
and because he felt assured that it met the appro-
bation of his constituents.
Mr. HUNT also addressed the committee in
favor of the bill, and in reply to Messrs. Pick-
ens, of South Carolina, and Pearce, of Rhode \
Island, on the ground mainly that it was simply j
a regulation of the debts of the Government.         '
Mr. LANE said, the bill under consideration
was one he desired to sustain by his vote, and had
intended to give a silent one. The extraordinary
resistance, however, made to it from a certain
quarter, has rendered it a duty he owes to him-
self and those whom he has the honor of repre-
senting, to detain the committee a few moments
in giving some of the reasons which influence
that vote. Sir, were the shipping merchants of
the city of New York the only class of persons
to be relieved by the provisions of the bill, his
vote would be a different one. Twenty or twenty-
five millions of mercantile capital has been anni-
hilated by a fire that set all human exertions and
human skill at defiance—a calamity as fearful and
alarming as unlooked for and extensive in its
effects; not only an individual, but a national
calamity, extending its effects to every portion
of this extended country.
Sir, what is the effect of this loss to theimmediate
individuals concerned, the Treasury, the com-
merce of the country, and the people.'
The individual shipper has given his bond for
the duty; the goods are destroyed; to him it is a
clear loss; he must either fold his arms and yield
his business in despair, or ship a like quantity to
supply the place of those consumed. Upon these
he pays the duty; it passes into the Treasury; the
individual loses; the Government receives double
duty, and is the only gainer.
1'he bill asks not to remit the duty, but to ex-
tend the payments. This is said by the gentleman
1 from Kentucky [Mr. Graves] to be unjust and
partial in its nperat.on—that the cotton planter
might, with the same propriety, if his crop should
he blasted bv an early frost, c.i!l upon Congresa
for relief. The case has no analogy; the planter
owes the Government nothing for his crop; the
Government has no control over it. Not so with
the goods; the custom-house officer takes posses-
sion of the goods—puts his seal upon them until
bonded. But, sir, suppose the cotton planter a
tenant, and his entire crop destroyed by the fury
of the elements, what would be said of the land-
lord who would refuse time for the payment of
rent or relinquish the whole or a part.
In order to show how it affects the commerce
of the country, it is proper to notice the usual
course of tratio. The New York merchant ships
the goods, and has given bond for the duty.
The goods are sold to a western merchant, who
retails them to the people. Upon what terms are
they sold and retailed? The western merchant
buys at two, six, or nine months, and retails
them to the people, his customers, at twelve
months'credit. It is the policy and interest of
the western merchant to keep his New York debt
as large as possible, money being worth more in
the West than in the East. The possession of
it enables him to purchase the produce of the
country. They desire no relief, but the usual
and ordinary indulgence. Press the New York
merchant—he urges payment earlier and more
earnestly from the western retailer; he presses
his customer; and the entire distress eventually
falls upon the people of every class and condition
in life. In proportion as you relieve the New
York merchant from this calamity, you relieve
the whole people—the whole nation—by a con-
tinuance of the usual credit, commerce, and con-
fidence. Hence, sir, inasmuch as in voting for
the relief in the bill we shall relieve the humblest
citizen in his district, he should accord his sup-
port.
Mr. UNDERWOOD again opposed the bill.
1 Mr. JOHNSON of Tennessee, advocated the
general principles of the bill; so far as they were
consistent with the acts passed for the relief of
Portsmouth and Norfolk, and with the modifica-
' tions of which he had himself given notice at a
former day.
Mr. REED advocated the bill.   He said it was
apparent that the New York fire had been an ad-
: vantage to the Government, because it would re-
i ceive the duties twice over on the same amount
! of goods, viz: on those destroyed and on those
' imported to supply the loss.
|     Mr.  CAMBRELENG replied briefly to the
¡' opposers of the bill, and referred to sundry acts
! heretofore passed on the same subject, and for
| the postponement of time and relinquishment of
interest in the purchase of poor land in the West.
Mr. C. assured the House that if the bill were
not adopted, the Government would lose three
times the amount of the interest proposed to be
] relinquished.
Mr. WISE begged to inquire of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cambreleng,]^ the pro-
viso, as amended yesterday, was meant to say or
to assert that the money in the hands of the col-
lector or receiver, was not in the Treasury of the
United States already ?
i Mr. CAMBRELENG replied, that he did not
so consider it.
Mr. WISE said, that was the point he wished
the country to understand. He maintained that the
money was in the pu blic Treasury as soon as it was
paid.   If not, there was no security for the public
money, as the individual might either "filch"
from it, or use it for party purposes. If the public
money, the moment it was received, was consid-
ered as in the Treasury, then, under the Consti-
tution, not a cent of it could be  appropriated
¡  without law.    But, by the converse doctrine, it
;' might be used for all sorts of party purposes,
corruption, and patronage, and portions of it eke
out at every step in transitu.
>     Mr. CAMBRELExVG should be very happy
to unite with the gentleman whenever a measure
should be brought to regulate the periodsat which
the receivers of the public lands and the collectors
of customs should make their returns to theTreas-
'j ury.   At present it was either law or usage, and
1 so long  as the public money remained in the
hands of the receivers of the public lands and col-
lectors of the customs, so long was it liable to the
correction of errors-.
Mr. WISE and Mr. LANE made a few addi-
tional remarks, when
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky, moved that
the committee rise; which was negatived without
a count.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Hardin, to strike out the proviso as amended
to the first section; and it was decided in the neg-
ative—ayes 59, noes 100.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, then
moved that the committee rise; which was nega-
tived.
Mr. CAMBRELENG hoped the committee
would indulge him with the motion that the com-
mittee rise and report the bill to the House, when
it could bo amended la the House.
Objection being made, and the question recur-
ring upon the amendments of Mr. Everett, Mr.
E. withdrew them.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then moved the follow-
ing amendment to the first section:
That the Secretary of the Treasury l>_', and lie is hereby,
authorized, as lie may deem be^t calculated to secure the
iiiteres-t ot the Cnited State-?, to cniue to be extended the
time of payment on nil bonds hereto:ore given for duties on
imported merchandise at the custom houíe in the city of
New York, and which was consumed in the late conflagra-
tion at New York by fire, and the owners of which had not
been indemnified by insurance, to three, four, and five years,
in equal payments: PiorUlci always,Thai in all cases « heie,
in the opinion of the collector at Nc<v Yoik, said debts, or
any of them, be rendered insecure by such indúlgenos, that
further and additional surety be required beloie the indul-
gence be allowed : Jlndprovided, also, That nothing in this
act contained shall extend to bonds which had fallen due
before the sixteenth of December la^t. Jlnd provided, also,
That the assent of the su relies on all said bonds so ettnided,
be first had and indorsed on said bonds respectively.
Mr. HOWELL moved the committee rise;
which was negatived—ayes 58, noes not counted.
The amendment was then negatived—ayes 60,
noes not counted.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, then moved
an amendment, alio wing fifteen per cent, o nt of the
public Treasury, upon the actual loss; which was
negatived without a count.
Mr. HARDIN gave notice that in the House
he should renew some of the amendments with-
drawn by the gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. GARLAND moved a further proviso, to
confine the operations of the bill to citizens and
residents in New York; which was rejected.
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee then rose; and the bill, as amended, being
reported to the House, was, on motion by Mr.
C, made the special order for to-morrow—ayes
86, noes 39. '
i The SPEAKER laid before the House two
communications from the Secretary of War—the
first in answer to a resolution of the House in
reference to the Seminole hostilities, and the
second transmitting a report and papers from the
Indian Bureau in the case of J. B. Hancock.
The House then (at a quarter after five o 'clock)
adjourned.     ________________
I          HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
,                     Friday, Febmary 19, 1836.
1 Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on
; Claims, reported a bill for the relief of William
Bailey, surviving partner of Bailey & De Lord;
which was read twice and committed.
1 Mr. EVERETT, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the security
and protection of the emigrant and other Indians
west of the State of Missouri and Territory of
Arkansas; which was read twice and commit-
ted.
On motion by Mr. EVERETT, one thousand
extra copies of the foregoing bill were ordered to
be printed.
Mr. EVERETT, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution; which was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to
procure, for the use of this House, one thousand copies of
the map of the western territory appended to the report of
the Committee on Indian Affairs (No. 474) of 1834.
Mr. PARKER, from.the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Spencer C.
Guest; which was read twice and committed.
