1836,                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                    195
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr VIXTOX, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill amendatory of the act
for the  continuation of the Cumberland road,
which was rend twice.
Mr. V said that the bill proposed no appro-
priation It had reference exclusively to a chanse
in the location of the road in the State of Ohio It
was not necessary, therefore, that the bill should
be committed. It was important, both to those
who opposed and advocated it, that it should be
speedily determined, so that the work upon the
road might progress. Those who intended to
object to the passage of the bill, had no objection
that it be ordered" to a third reading, and they
contemplated opposing it on its passage. He
hoped, therefore, that the bill would be ordeied
to be engrossed, and that its further consideration
be postponed until the second Tuesday in March.
Mr. MASON, of Ohio, was opposed to the bill,
but had no objection to dispose of it at present as
proposed by his colleague [Mr Vivtov ] The
people who were interested in opposition to the
proposed change in the route of the road, were
now moving, and their remonstrance would be
sent in at an early day Some time, howevei,
wan necessary to afford them an opportunity ot
bei lg heard on the subject The day to winch
his colleague had proposed to postpone the bill
would give the desired time, and he had no ob-
jection, under the circumstances, that the bill
should be ordered to be engrossed. An important
report of Lieutenant Canfield, accompanied by a
plat, on this subject, was ordered to be printed
some six weeks since He was sorry that this
printing had not been executed; and, without
intending to cast any censure upon the printer,
he was in hopes that the report to which he re-
ferred would be laid on their tables before the bill
was finally acted on, as it would facilitate and
lead to a correct decision of the subject
Mr. MERCER said a few words, which—as I
usual, from his manner of speaking—were not I
distinctly understood by the reporter.    He was
iupposed to be opposed to the bill
Mr DUNLAP was opposed to giving prece-
dence to this bill over other matters of more im-
portance to other sections of the Union.
Mr WARDWELL could see no reason why
this bill should have priority over other bills He
Mierefore moved to commit it to a Committee of
the Whole House, and make it the order of the
day for to-morrow.
Mr VINTOX said that, by ordering the bill
to be engrossed no, person's rights were compro-
mitted.and he thought it strange that objection
should be made from a quarter not interested,
when those who were opposed to the bill did not
oppose the course which he had proposed
Mr. JUDSON was in favor of the commitment
of the bill, its merits should be discussed in com-
mittee. The motion of the gentleman from Ohio
he considered premature and improper
Mr CRANE opposed the commitment, noth-
ing could be gained by such a couise
Mr. WARDWELL adverted to the history of
the controversy in relation to the proposed change
in the location of the Cumberland road, and con-
tended that it was an ordinary proposition, and
Dot entitled to any precedence or extraordinary
consideration, at the expense of other measures
before tine House. It was likely, however, to
create a great deal of debate, and he desired that
it should take the usual course
Mr. VINTON again urged the adoption of his
motion, and opposed the one to commit.
The motion to eommit was then negatived—
yeas 46, nays notcounted.
The motion of Mr VINTON was agreed to,
and the bill was ordered to be read a third time
on the second Tuesday in March next.
REPORTS----AGAIN.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, to which had been referred
the joint resolution fiom the Senate, directino-
experiments to be made at the Mint, w ith the view
of preventing the debasement of gold and silver
coins, made a íeport, recommending that the
enacting clause of said resolution be stricken out,
and the same was committed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of the legal repri scnutivcs of John D Ash,
deceased, w'nch was read twice and commuted.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on the Publ c
Lands, reported a bill pioviding foi the establish-
ment of the Peoria land district in Illinois, which
was lead twice and com fitted
Mr HARRJ.SON, of Missouri, from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, repoited a bill for
the re'ief of John Whitsctt, which was lead twice
and committed.
Air PHILO C TULLER, from the Commit-
tee on Claims, rcpoi ted a bill for the íclief of John
McCarty, whieh was lead twice and committed
Mr CHAPMAN, fioin the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported without amendment the
bill from the Senate to íevive and extend the pio-
wsions of an act of May, 1834, for the íehef of
the representatives of John Donelson, Stephen
Heard, and others, which was committed
Mr HUNTSM \.X, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the lelief
of certain settlers in what is termed the Salt Liek
íeservation in the western distiiet of Tennessee,
which was read twice and committed
Mr LAY,ftom the Committee on RcvoluMon-
ary Pensions, repoited a bill for the relief of
Godfiey Vaught, which was i cad twice and com-
mitted
Messrs WHITTLESEY and PHILO C FUL-
LER, from the Committee of Claims, Mr TUR-
RILL, fiom the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims;Mr BOND,from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, and Mr. HARRISON of
Missouri, from the Committee on the Public
Lands,—made unfavorable reports upon vanous
petitions and memorials, which were laid on the
table.
INCENDrARY PUBLICATIONS.
Mr. INGERSOLL asked the consent of the
House tosubmita resolution to punt ten thousand
extra copies of the report mide in the Senate by
Mr. CtLHOL\, from a select committee, in rela-
tion to the transmission of abolition mccndiaiy
papers through the mails
Objection being made, Mi IXGERSOLL moved
to suspend the rule, w inch w as negativ cd without
a count
DISTRICT BANKS.
The amendments to the bill from the Senate to
extend the charters of the Bank of Columbia, of
Georgetown, and the Bank of Alexandria, of
Alexandria, were considered and agieed to, and
thus amended the bill was read a third time and
passed
The House then proceeded to the special order
of the day, being the bill for the
SUFFERERS BY THE NEW YORK FIRE.
The bill, as reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, is as follows-
the words printed in italics being the only amend-
ment adopted by tho committee
A BILL for thf relief of the sufferers bythe fire in the cit}
of New York
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hiiise of Representahues
of the United States of America in Cjn^rcss assembled, 1 hat
tlie collector ot the port of New York be, and he nherehv,
authorized, is lie mav deem best calculated to secure the
interests ot the United States, to cause to he extend d,
with the assent of the sureu°s thereon, to all persons who
have suffered loss ot property by the conflagr uioii at that
place, on the sixteenth day ol December la^t, by the burn
ing of their building , or merchandise, the timo of paj i
m~nt of all bonds liLretofoie given by thein for duties, to
p nods not exceeding thre , four, and five year , in equal
installments from and after the d ly of payment specified in
the bond , or to allow the said bonds tobp canceled, upon
giving to the said collector new bond-*, with one or inore
sureties, to the satisfaction of the said collector, for the
sums of the former bonds, re pectnely, payable in equal
installment  in three, four, and five }ear~, from and aiter
the day of pavment specified m the bonds to be taken up
or canceled a  aforesaid and the said collector is hereby
authorized and directed to give up or cancel all such
bond , upon the receipt of others described in this section,
which la t mentioned boridj shall bs proceeded with, in a 1
respects, like otliei bonds which are taken by colli etors tor
duties due to the United Sta'e-,, and shall have the same
force and validitv Proudel, That those who are within
the provision of this section, but who mav have paid their
bonds subsequent to the late fire, shall al-o be entitled to
the benefit of this seetion, and that the said bonds shall b 
renewed from the day when the same were paid, anj said
payments refunded 1/ not pie oiia'i/ carr el into the T*,ea>
ary of the United Stale*, fei/ v arrant And provide I, oho,
That tho benefits of this section shall not be extended to
auy person whose loss shall not be proved, to the satisfac
tion of the collector, to have exceeded the sum of one
thousand dolla-*
Sec J .iit-í le ¡t ftrther enacted, Tint the collector of
the port of \e\v \ork is hereby aut íonzul and directed to
c\t ¡id the pm lent in th * manner pre^cnb d in the fiiit
secti m of tins act, o' all other boniK £i\ . n inr dune  at the
part ol New \ork pnni tn the taf fi .,, and not p-ovidtd
lor in the fir t^ctto i, as a ore aid tor six ntiK , and twehe
months honi and a ter the day ot pavuicnt pieihrd in the
bond} P oci'c1 hi e cr, I hat-nothing co ltnint d in this
act, <-h ill e\rmid to bolide w'lich liad (alien due be oie the
seventeenth da\ of December la^t
Mi. CAMBRELEXG moved that the House
concui in the amendment of the committee, and
on this question,
Mi HOWELL asked for the yeas and nays,
which were not ordered—ayes 23, noes 117, not
one fifth.
Mr. ROBERTSON moved to amend the amend -
ment, by striking out the whole after the word
"previously," and inserting in us place the fol-
lowing words " If not previously paid into the
bank to the credit of the Treasure! of the United
States "
Mr CAMBRELENG said he had no ob)ecüon
to that amendment, and it was then agreed to by
the House
The question then recurring on the amendment
as amended,
Mr EVERETT inquired if it would not defeat
the object of the stction'
Mi CAMBRELENG replied that it would not
Mr PARKER desired to know how tho amount
in bank, or in the hands of collcctois, could be
ascertained or discriminated > He thought the
amended amendment was making a distinction
without adifference, for he held that the moment
a collector had money in his hands, it was the
property of the Government, and held by him in
trust.
Mr CAMBRELENG thought, himself, the
amendment was of very little lrnpoi tinco, for the
piovision of the first section was just as good
without it as with it. Other gentlemen thought
difTeicntly, and he interposed no objection, but
he was indifferent whether it was concuried in or
not.
Mr. ROBERTSON made a brief explanation
He said his object was to defeat the whole pio-
vision as it stood
Mr EVERETT thought it would defeat the
provision altogether, and he should, thenfoie,
vote against it
Mr. McKAY said the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Virginia was substantially the same
as the proviso of the gentleman fiom New York,
[Mr. Cambrelevg.] He was opposed to the
notion that the public money was in the Tieasuiy
as soon as paid to tho collector, foi, if so, that
would make the Tieasuier of the United States
liable for all loss, en or, or deficiency Itwasnot
in the Treasury till it was deposited
Mi. WISE was certain his friend fiom Xoith
Carolina [Mr McKay] was incorrect, or that
provision of the Constitution Air. W. had before
quoted—viz- that no money should be taken fiom
the Treasury, without appropriation bylaw—wis
a nullity. He maintained that tho Treasury was
a unity, without any space between the fiust íe-
ceipt and the deposit, and between the Tieas-
urerand the disbursingofficer. The public money
was not paid to the collector asan individual, but,
being due to the United States, was paid to one
of its own officers. He expressed his surprise
that the gentleman from North Carolina—foi
whose opinion on such subjects Mi. W enter-
tained a high respect—should have advanced such
a. construction as he had. The collector, icceiv-
er, treasurer, disburser, &c, were all officers of
the Tieasury, acting as checks on each other,
accountable from the one to the other, and each
could be sued on then bond. If this was not so,
the Constitution could be set aside, for if theie
was a point of time when the public money was
not in the Treasury, then it could be appi opnated
without law during that intermission
Mi LANE undiistood the Tn nsury to be at
bottom an id< al tiling, and he held tin receivers
and deposit banks to be the agents of the Treas-
ury The leceivers were no longer 1 able than
foi the time the money was actually in thou hands,
and so w ith the deposit banks. He held the money
to be in the Tieasury whenever it was received
by one of its agents.
