196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
Mr. VANDERPOEL dissented entirely fiom
the doctrine of the gentleman from Virginn, [Mi.
Wise] If that doetnnc was sound, the moment
the money was in the hands of thecullector ituas
in the hands of the Treasurer, and he was re-
sponsible.
Mr. WISE did not say so. He said the money
was then in the Treasury, and the Treasury offi-
cer was that instant responsible for it, as was the
Tieasurer when it came under his control.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said the gentleman's doc-
trine still involved an incongruity, because he
would make the money to be in the possession of a
Department, and yet the chief officer of that De-
partment in noway responsible. Mr. V. held that
after the money was once in theTieasury, neither
the Treasurer, the Secretary, nor the President
had any power to appropriate or disburse it, ex-
cept by virtue of appropriations by law. If the
money, as soon as received, was to be regarded
in the Treasury, the Treasurer ought to be held
accountable for it. But this doctrine Mr. V.
wholly dissented from.
Mr. ROBERTSON offered a verbal amendment,
which he thought would íemove the difficulty.
He was informed that the bank entry of the pub-
lic money was to the credit of the United States,
and, to obviate any inconvenience, he proposed
to insert after the words ''to the credit," "of the
United States, or of the Treasurer of the United
States." There seemed to be some difficulty in
ascertaining wheie lay the Ticasury of the United
States. This was a matter which he believed the
public had known very little about for the last
two years, and was a tpestion he should like to
hear answered.
Mr. CAMBRELENG could not consent to this
amendment; it was in opposition to a vote of the
House on yesterday, of one hundred and fifty-
nine, and would nullify the proviso altogether.
Mr. GIDEON LEE rose to ask the question —
would that House extend the relief, asked by all
the bond-payets, to that class only who had
availed themselves of the indulgence gianted by
the Secretary of the Treasuiy, and have suffered
their bonds to he over due these two months, and
deny the same relief to that other class, who,
from a sensitiveness of their credit—irom their
high sense of honor, perhaps—could not consent
to he under the appearance of default, and have
promptly paid their bonds '
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Robert-
son] declared that his amendment was intended
to have this effect: All who have paid piomptly,
were cut off from relief totally, while all those
who had failed or refused to pay, came in for the
full benefit of the bill.
Mr. Roberts on's last amendment was ther>
disagreed to; and the original amendment, as
amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HARDIN proposed to amend the first sec-
tion, by inserting in the sixteenth lino, after the
word " payable, ""with interestat the i ate of five
per centum per annum," and asked for the yeas
and nays upon the question; which were ordered.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said there was no in-
stance, since the adoption of the Constitution,
where interest had been charged under similar
circumstances; aiid he did, therefoie, hopo the
amendment would be rejected.
Mr. HARDIN hoped the amendment would
prevail.
Mr. TOUCEY said this money would be safer
than if now exacted, or attempted to be exacted;
and he should voteagainst the charge of inte i est,
because he was well awaie that, if the money
were at once collected, it would he in the Treas-
ury without interest.
Mr. JENIFER was in favor of the amend-
ment, and opposed to many paits of the bill,
against which, in consequence, he should be com-
pelled to vote.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hahdiv's
amendment; which was disagreed to—yeas 83,
nays 117.
Mr. HARDIN then proposed a eimilartmend-
ment to the second section of the bill, for the pay-
ment of interest at five per cent, on the bonds
therein provided for; and also called for the yeas
and nays; which were oidered.
Mr. BROWN said, he had voted for the
amendment which had just been rejected with a
'' view, if the motion to imposp interest prevailed,
to move to reduce it to four per cent pei annum,
which he supposed to be sufficient. Although
the second section embraced a class of debtors
many of whom were not actual sufferers, and
extended the time for the payment of their bonds
six, nine, and twelve months only, he would
still insist that, if interest was charged, it should
not exceed four per cent. He would therefore
move to amend the motion of the honorable gen-
tleman from Kentucky by striking out five and
inserting four per cent.
The questionwas then taken on Mr. Haudiv's
amendment; and the result was—yeas 101, nays
96.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, then renewed
the amendment offered by him m Committee of the
Whole, to strike out all the first section befoie
the word " provided," in the twenty-fifth line, and
mseit the following:
Tint t'ie Seeretarj of the Trca>-urv be, and he is hcreb\,
authorized, a« he im\ deem b" t calculated to srcuie the
interest ot the United fetate=, to eau->c to be extended the
timo ot pajment o  all bonds heretofoie given for duties on
i uported meicliandiic at the custom house in th- citv ol
N w York, and which was con umedin fie late conllajia-
tion at New \ oik bv fire, and the owners of which had not
been indemnified bv insurance, to three, lour, and five vcars
in equal payment- Proniel always, Tint in all eases
where, m the opinion ol the collector at New York, <a.d
debt-, or any ot then, b" rendered iii ecuie by such uulul
{TtncOjthat further ai d additional suietv be required before
the indulgence be allowed. Jini prowlel o'so, 1 hat noth
in? in tiiii act contained shall extend to bonds which had
fallen due before the sevenn enth of Deee.uber last Jlni
■piaiided aho, That the a- ent ot the cur^ti'3 on all said
bonds «o extended be first had and indorsed on «aid boiid>
rc-p'cuvely.
Mr. J. briefly explained the object of his
amendment.
Mi. CAMBRELENG referred to the acts of
1803,-'4 and '7, and said that in those acts no
discrimination of property would be fjund.
Mi. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, a--ked for the
yeas and nays, but they were not ordered, and
the amendment was disagiced to—ayes 66, noes
115
Mr. EVERETT then pioposed to amend the
first section by striking out, wherever they oc-
cuired, the woids " three, foui, and five," years,
and insert "one, two, and three'' years, and asked
for the yeas and naya on his amendment; which
were oidered.
Mr. CAMBRELENG referred to the case of
Savannah, where credit had been extended to
four years on the whole amount of bonds. This
bill had extended it less than at any former
penod.
Mr. HARDIN said all the cases he had exam-
ined never went further than one year, as in
Portsmouth and Noifolk It was now admitted
that those who had insured would be fully in-
demnified.
Mr. CAMBRELENG made a brief statement,
showing that, by the operation of the former
acts, under the old system of credits, the credit
extended to the whole amount of bonds for four
yeais.
Mr. GIDEON LEE hoped the House would
not suffer itself to be guided entirely by precedent
in a case which was without a parallel.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment wis ícjected—yeas 96, nays 111.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, then moved
that the House ad|ourn; which was negatived.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, moved an
amendment to the fust section of the bil1, so as
to íestrict its provisions to citizens of the United
States and foieig.icrs only residing in the city
of New York; and explained in a few words the
object he had in view.
Mr. GIDEON LEE hoped the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Virginia would not
prevail: fust, because the amount to be excluded
fiom the pioposed relief would be very small;
and, second, because it would raise interminable
difficulties in the settlement of the complicated
questions which would arise; and finally, because
He would not make this vei y invidious distinc-
tion.    He was not thus inimical to foreigners,
Mr. McKEON íemarked, that he hoped thj*
amendment would not prevail. He was opposed
to having such a proposition adopted by the Rep.
resentatives of a hljeral and commercial people,
" who had their merchants in every foreign country
11 on the globe.
,     Mr. GARLAND asked for the yeasandnays;
' but they were not ordered.
Mr. DAVIS moved that the House adjourn;
which was negatived—ayes 78, noes 98.
The amendment was then rejected.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, renewed the
amendment offered by him in Committee of the
Whole, to allow fifteen per cent, to the sufferers
on the actual loss; which was rejected.
Mr. ROBERTSON moved to strike out the
first proviso of the first section, as amended.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, asked
for the yeas and nays; which was not ordeied.
The amendment was negatived without a count.
Mr. GrtAVES proposed to amend the bill by
inserting before the words, " three, four, or five
years," wherever they occurred, " a period not
exceeding;" which was rejected.
Mr. McKAY moved to insert in the ninth line,
after the woid "merchandise," the following:
"who were not indemnified by insurance."
Mr. EVA3NS asked the c< nscnt of the House
to submit a motion for an aujournment over to
Monday.
Objection being made, Mr. CHAPÍN moved
to suspend the rale foi that purpose.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, asked for the
yeas and nays on the motion, winch were not
ordered, and the motion to suspend the rule was
agreed to.
Mr. EVANS then submitted his motion.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, moved to strike out
Monday, and insert Tuesday; which was carried
—ayes 105, noes not counted.
The motion, as amended, was then agreed to.
The question then recurnng on the amendment
of Mr. McKay, that gentleman asked for the yeas
and nays; which vveie oidoied.
Mr. WISE moved that the House adjourn;
negatived—ayes 69, noes not counted.
After a few woids from Mr. PHILLIPS and
i Mr. McKAY, the question was taken; and the
f amendment was disagreed to—yeas 83, nays 110.
i Mr. GRAVES moved a pioviso to come in at
i the end of the bill:
That no individual shall realize a benefit under the pro-
i visions of the first section of thu bill, grjatei than the
I amount of his loss, upon the calculation that the use of the
amount he owes the Government is w orth to him six per
| cent per annum.
I     Mr. MORGAN asked for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
¡     The amendment was negatived.
1     Mr. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky, moved   to
strike out the second section of the bill, and ad-
dressed the House for some tune in opposition to
the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, asked for the
yeas and nays; which weie ordeied.
Mr. WISE moved that the House adjourn;
which was agieed to—ayes 92, noes 84.
And, ata quarter befoie six: o'clock, the House
adjourned over to Tuesday next.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 19, 1836.
Mr. McKEAN presented a niemoi íal from Sun-
dry citizens of Philadelphia, praying that the pre-
sent rates of postage may be i educed to what
they were prior to the late war; which was rctei-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
the Washington City Society for the establish-
ment of a Manual Labor School and Orphan Asy-
lum, praying for an act of incorporation; which
was read, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mi. LINN presented the petition of a number
of citizens of Michigan, piaying for an appropn-
ation for the improvement of the harbor at the
I mouth of the St. Joseph's river; which was refer-
i red to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of a num-
ber of citizens of Niles, Michigan, praying for an
appropriation to build a bridge across the St.
Joseph's, at that place; which was referred to the
same committee.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of sun
dry citizens of Delaware, praying that New Castle
