300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
it ovi< ht to inculcate on all the greatest caution in
s xas. *¡; ot euJi other, but it was a little re-
in 11 ¡i 1 >k, t'l it, vv li'e tais principle was claimed
n^n is-lv by the Executive, it had been \10la-
1 1 11 mou tiuin one instance The first violation
o it vv is m a communication of our Secretary of
iv itc tiour Minister at the Court of Great Brit-
n i, in which he apologizes for a claim made by
t'i s Goternmuit, which he was instructed to
a-juidon. And what was this light claimed' It
was no other than the right to carry our own pro-
ducts to the ports of tin Butis'i colonies There
■was also an invitation to the BuUsh Government
to look into the part which the Secretary himself
had acted, the pnit which his predecessors had
acted, and, in short, the part winch his party
hat) acted in reference to thi« niattLi It was a
hu'e remarkable, too, that this Si -letary himself
had, in March, 18123, voted for the very principle
to carry our products to the ports of a foreign
nation which he thus condemned and instructed
oui Minister to abandon. But assnn Mr. Liv-
¡nst3ton made an unauthorized explanation to the
Fiench Government, which the President sanc-
t oned, and he should like to1 now the d fference
between an unauthoi íctd explanation that was
sanctioned by the Executive, and one made by
himself, the former he should think was the
mojt objectionable, because it was establishing a
dangerous pi in-ipie, if our Ministers abroad were
permitted to assume such a discretion Theprin-
eiple meulcateu by the President had been viola-
ted in another instance. The letter of the Due
de Broche to Mr Pageot was presented to Mr.
Forsvth in September last, and he refused to
receive ¡t; and in three diys afterwards he ad-
dressed a note to Mr. Barton, in which he said
not one word about the letter to Mr. Pageot.
Yi t in I113 message of December last he made an
explanation almost in the very language required
by the Due de Broglie. This explanation was
made with two ob)ects in view. The first was to
get with France all the merit of making an ex-
planation, and the next was to get with the peo-
ple of the United States the merit of not making
any expianation at all. He was truly glad that
France saw the subject in its true light. The
moment she saw the explanation he made ar-
rangement  to pay the money. France saw that,
while the President protested that he would not
explain, he did explain; and that, while protest-
ing that he, would not apologize, he did apologize.
Mr. C was filled with joy and satisfaction that
the calamines of war had been averted; and al-
though he was not one of those who believed that
war would ensue, yet it was impossible, from the
course of the two Governments, or rather of their
agents, not to feel apprehensions. If, unfortu-
nately, we had been involved in war, what would
have been its character? It would not have been
a war for the defense of civil liberty, or of our
national honor or national rights-, but it would
have been a war for the recovery of a debt can-
celed by the very act, a war for offensive language
used towards France by our Chief Magistrate, dis-
approved by both Houses of Congress and by the
people; a war, the result of false translations on
the one side, and of false positions on the other.
He had one regret to express, which came in as
some alloy to his feelings of joy and satisfaction
on this occasion. It was that our good old Pres-
ident would not suffer us for one moment to be
at peace. The prospect of a war with France
was hardly over, before he wages a new war upon
the surplus fund, which he is veiy an-vious to
distribute. He hoped that he, and his friends in
the Senate, would suffer that fund to be applied
to those peaceful purposes, more calculated for
the prosperity and happiness of the country. He
concurred most heartily in the praise the Presi-
dent had so justly bestowed on the disinterested
mediation of Great Britain. A war between this
country and Franco would have given the carry-
ing trade to Great Britain, enriching her commerce
and building up her navigating in tei est. She had
magnanimously ovetlooked all these advantages,
and had nobly stepped forward to restore harmony
between two countries, whose hostility to each
other would have so greatly redounded t  her
commercial advantage.
He con* ¡uded by moving that the message and
documentó be laid on the tab'e and printed
Mr. BUCHANAN suggested the printing of
five thousand additional copies, to which Mr.
Clat assented, and the printing was ordeied ac-
cordingly
Mr PRESTON said, as this was an interest-
ing day to the nation, he would move that the
Senate adjourn. The House of Representatives,
he said, had already adjourned over.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.________________________
IN SENATE.
Tdesdat, February 23, 1836.
The Chair announced a communication from
the War Department, transmitting a íeport from
the Topographical Bureau on the subject of the
improvements of the harbor at the mouth of the
Kalamazoo nvei, called for bya íesolutionof the
Senate.
Mr. EWING, of Illinois, presented the peti-
tion of Pierre Menard, which was referred to
the Committee on Claims And the petition of
Isaac King, which was íeferred to the Commit-
tee on Puülic Lands
Mr WALL presented the petition of William
Anthony Paradise, which was íeferred to the
Commntee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. WALL, leave was given to
William G Foster to withdraw his petition and
papers, presented at this session.
Mr. WALL presented the petition of a num-
ber of citizens of Cape May, New Jersey, pray-
ing for an appropriation for the erection of a stone
1 pier somewhere near the point of Cape May
roads, for the protection of the coasting trade
of the Delaware; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the memorial of
sundry citizens of New Jersey, praying that some
change may be made in the naturalization laws;
which vv as referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the petition of
Charles G. Hunter, of the Navy, praying to be
paid for the time he was suspended from duty;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Patter-
son, New Jersey, praying for the revision and
I amendment of the naturalization laws, which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KENT presented the petition of the rep-
resentatives of the late Lieutenant John Trueman,
of the involutional y army, the petition of the
íepresentatives of the late Lieutenant Golds-
borough, of the 1 evolutionary army; and the peti-
tion of the widow and son of the late Luke Mer-
ryman, a soldier of the revolutionary army,
severally praying for the commutation of half pay
, and bounty land; which were referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth Merryman, the
widow of a revolutionary soldier, praying for a
' pension, which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
I     Mr. BENTON presented the proceedings and
memorial of the citizens of St. Louis, praying
that the Cumberland road may be located so as
to  pass  through  that place  to Jefferson  City,
which was refeired to the Committee on Roads
and Canals, and ordered to be printed.
I             REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
I     Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
I Affairs, made a report on the petition of Nonda-
shema,  oiioj Peter W.  Knaggs, a   Chippewa
I Indian, accompanied by the following resolution:
'    Resolved, That the committee be discharged from the
farther consideration of the petition
The «eport was ordered to be printed
I     Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which had been referred the
Petition  of the legal representatives of Henry
isher, deceased, reported a bill for their relief;
which was read, and ordered  to a second read-
ing.
Mr. TALLMADGE, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to which had been referred the
petition of Mannus W Gilbert, reported a bill
for his relief, which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which had been referred the petition
of Daniel Stoddard, reported a bill for his relief;
which was read, and oidercd to a second reading.
Mr DAVIS, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which various memorials had been referred,
praying that New Castle, in Delaware, may be
made a port of entry, made a report on the same,
that, as the State of Delaware is established as one
collection district, the port of entry to which is
Wilmington, a deputy collector be appointed to
reside at New Castle, and ending with a resolu-
tion directing the reference of the subject to the
Secretary of the Treasury, and the report being
consideied by the Senate, the reference was or-
dered accordingly.
Mr KING, of Alabama, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, to which had been
referred the bill appropriating the surplus of the
appropriation for the construction of the budge
across the Potomac to the improvement of the
Maryland avenue leading to said bridge, reported
the some with amendments, which were read.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, in pursuance of notice
given, asked and obtained leave, and introduced
the following bills; which were severally read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals:
A bill to authorize the East Florida Railroad
Company to construct a road through the public
lands, and
A bill to authorize the Pensacola and Perdido
Railroad and Canal Company to construct a road
and cut a canal through the public lands.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolutions;
which lie on the table one day:
ReioUed, That the Committee oa Pensions be instructed
to inquire whether any existing law ju titles the War Dc
piriiuent in withholding money from those to whom it was
granted for pensions
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in
structed to inquire into the expediency of extending the
northern boundary line o the State of Missouri westward
to the Missouri river, and eastward from the Rapids of the
Des Mome3 to the Mississippi, and whether «uch extension
of the line would conflict with the touith article in the
treaty of Prairie du Chien, made in the v ear 1830, between
the Umtpd States and the Siout, Towiys, Ottoc , Omihas,
Mis^ounes, and confederated tribes of Sacs and Foxes
Rcsohed, That the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Exp?nses of the Senate inquire into the expedí
ency ot employing a lithographer for executing such maps
and charts as the Senate inav order to be printed
Resolved, That the Committee 011 Indian Affairs inquire
into the expediency of making an appropriation to extin
gui-h the Indian title to tint portion ot country situated
between the western boundary line of the Stue of Mis
souri and the Arkansas riwr, and that the ^aid committee
call on the Secretary ot War for all the in'orinVion in his
possession touching this subject, and al o lor In* opinion of
the policy of this measure as connected with the permanent
peace and tranquillity of the white arid red men in that
quarter of the country.
Mr SWIFT submitted the following resolu
tion, which lies on the table one day
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to cause
to be surveyed the most eligible «ite for fortification^ on
Lake Champlain, near the Province of Lower Canada,
suitable for the defense of the commerce of said lake,
within the United States; and that he cau^e to be made
the pcop°r estimates of the expense net essary for the erec-
| tion and arming such fortifications, and that he make re
port thereof to the Senate at the next session ot Congress
Mr. PORTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resaliei. That the Committee on Military A (Tun he in
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing bv law
for an equitable settlement of the claims of the late John
Hudrcy, ot Louisiana, for lusservices and advances for the
defense of New Orleans, in 1814 and 1815; and that the
documents on the files of the Senate, in relation to that
subject, 6" referred to the same eornmittee.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. KNIGHT presented certain resolutions
adopted by the General Assembly of the State of
Rhode Island, instructing their Senators and
requesting their Representatives in Congress to
use their exertions and influence to procure, at
the present session of Congress, or as early as
may be, the enactment of a law providing for the
distribution, in time of peace, in just and equi-
table proportions, to and amongst the several
States, of the moneys annually accruing as net
proceeds from sales of the public lands of the
United States, and to aid the passage of such law
by their votes.
The resolutions were laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
