1836.                               THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                  20i
PRINTING OF THE SENATE.
The report of the Committee on the Contingent
Fund of the Senate, to which had been referred
the resolution submitted by Mr. Southard on the
subject of printing, was considered. The report
recommends the adoption of the resolution which
provides for rescinding a rule of the Senate re-
quiring the Secretary, when the same document
is ordered to be printed by both Houses, to make
such an arrangement with the Clerk of the House
as will prevent the paying for its double compo-
sition.
The question being on concurring with the
report of the committee,
Mr. BENTON observed, that as that report
and resolution went to undo a very wholesome
and necessary regulation adopted by the Senate
with a view of preventing great mischief, he
wished to call the particular attention of the Sen-
ate to it. He should be very unwilling to see the
present rule changed, and the mischievous conse-
quences of the former practice again ensuing.
We all know (said he) that, when the present rule
was aaopted, what vast quantities of printing was
ordered, and paid double for, at both ends of the
Capitol, and that, after a distribution by tons
weight among the trunk makers, the domestic
market was glutted. Before that time, the docu-
ments were sold in the city at four to five cents
per pound, to the trunk makers and grocers; but
after the great panic session, at which double sets
of documents were printed by cart-loads, with
the names, too, of men both alive and dead, the
domestic market was glutted; and he had been
told by theservants, whose perquisites these doc-
uments generally were, that they fell to about two
cents per pound; they tell like the prices of butter
and eggs in the interior of New York, which
they were so feelingly told of in one of these
fianic memorials. Wow, he hoped that the reso-
ution whieh would introduce a practice so mis-
chievous, opening the floodgates to a great deal
of useless printing, would not prevail. If, how-
ever, the Senate should, contrary to his expecta-
tion, adopt it at the present moment, he gave
notice, that he should consider it his bourrden
duty, at the earliest opportunity that he saw a
chance of succeeding, to move to rescind it.
Mr. SOUTHARD did not think three or four
thousand dollars for printing extravagant. The
whole object he had in view was set forth in the
report of the committee which had just been read,
and to whom the subject on his motion had been
referred. Documents sent to the Senate, and or-
dered by it to be printed, the Secretary of the
Senate had first to go to the House of Represent-
atives, and ascertain whether it had been ordered
by that House. If ordered there, he could not
get it printed, and it never appeared in the bound
volumes of the Senate. The printer of the House
of Representatives was not under the control of
the Senate, and the result was, that the printing
which had been ordered by the Senate, was done
under the direction and superintendence of an
officer of the House of Representatives, who was
not amenable to the Senate. The Senate might
order the printing of an important document, and
the committee be ready to act upon it, but could
not do so until printed under the order of the
House of Representatives, and the committee
would, consequently, have to wait for it. The
committee of the Senate must wait on the will of
the officer of that House, who would be sure to
give a preference to the committee of that branch
to which he belonged. The delay in his (Mr.
S. 's) opinion caused the loss of more money than
if printed under the order of the Senate. If a
Senator wished a document of a preceding ses-
sion, ordered to be printed by the Senate,he goes
to look for it in the books of the Senate, and itis
not to be found anywhere among the Senate docu-
ments. He, therefore, must search for them
among the House documents. The Senate docu-
ments, therefore, did notgive a faithful history of
the Senate proceedings. As tothat part of the re-
port relating to the printers themselves, the Senate
must actas it felt. The printers of the Senate have
to be in readiness to do the printing promptly.
They had to have in their employment a great
number of hands, at great expense, to enable uiem
speedily to do the printing of the Senate, and lie
thought it not fair treatment under their contract
to withhold from them the printing that especially
belonged to them. The printing was not enor-
mous in amount; and the amount of money re-
quired to have it done would not hinder him from
voting far what he conceived necessary to enable
him to perform his duties promptly and feithfully.
Mr. LINN said, that as some difference of
opinion on this subject seemed to exist among
gentlemen of greater experience than himself, he
should like to have an opportunity of inquiring
into it further. If it was necessary for the public
service that the resolution should pass, he would
cheerfully give it his support; but if, on the con-
trary, the resolution would introduce a wasteful
and extravagant expenditure, he must oppose it.
He was, however, entirely unacquainted with the
subject, and would be pleased if the resolution
could be laid on the table for a few days, to give
him an opportunity of examining into it. Mr. L.
then made a motion to that effect; which was
agreed to.
Mr. BENTON said, that as it was one o'clock,
he would avail himself of that opportunity—the
earliest that had been afforded him—to move to
take up the fortification bill, in pursuance of the
instructions of the committee. He hoped there
would be no objection on the part of the Senate
to take up the bill at this time.
Mr. EYVING had been anxious to get up the
land bill, and it would be recollected that it was
on his motion that that bill had been made the
order for Monday last. Inasmuch, however, as
the fortification bill had been waiting for some
days, and as the public service required that the
subject should receive an early attention, there
would be no objection to taking it up on his part.
The bill was then taken up and read; after
which Mr. BENTON addressed the Senate in a
lengthy and able exposition of the principles and
objects of the bill; and when he had concluded,
Mr. PRESTON referred to some amendments
he intended to propose, relative to the provision
for steam-batteries, and to the provisions for the
fortifications far wliich surveys and estimates
have not yet been made.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 23, 1836.
Several messages from the President of the
United States were received by the hands of Mr.
Donelson, his Private Secretary; which were laid
before the House by the Speaker.
The message in reference to the French treaty
(as published on page 198,) having been read,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved that it
be laid on the table and printed, together with the
accompanying documents.
Mr. DAVIS moved that ten thousand extra
copies be printed.
Mr. GILLET named twenty-five thousand.
The CHAIR said that the motion for an extra
number of copies must, under the rule, lie over
one day.
Mr. ADAMS moved to referthe message,&c,
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON then withdrew his motion to
lay the message on the table; and it was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PARKER moved to suspend the rule for
the purpose of considering, at that time, the mo-
tion to print an extra number of copies of the
President's message.
Mr. WHITTLESEY asked for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rule; which
were not ordered.
The motion of Mr. Parker was agreed to—
ayes 112, noes 41.
So the House determined to consider the, mo-
tion to print additional copies of the message.
Mr. JOHNSON stated that the ordering of
extra numbers of public documents accounted in
part for the extraordinary increase in the contin-
gent expenses of the House within the last few
years; that a few, years ago the contingent ex-
penses of both Houses of Congress were less
than twenty thousand dollars, and during the last
year amounted to about three hundred thousand
dollars, and the expenses of the House alone to
more than two hundred thousand.
Mr. LAY said that they had now laid on their
tables, for the first time, documents which had
been ordered at the commencement of the session;
he would, therefore, move that the message and
documenta be printed, and furnished to members
before the first of June next.
The question was taken on this motion; and it
was disagreed to.
Mr. PARKER said that this was the most
important document, and one in which the com-
munity felt a greater interest, than any message
which had been sent to Congress the present
session, and the House should publish it for dis-
tribution in every hamlet in the country. It an-
nounces to us that the money which was justly
due from France, and has been wrongfully with-
held, is about to be paid; and it also announced
that our national honor has been sustained. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] had
said that the message would be published in every
paper in the United States. That was true; but
many of the papers were of a small size, and it
would be some time before they could publish it;
and then the shape in which it would be placed
was objectionable. If there was a document on
wliich he should place his frank, the present
message was the one; and he did not want it in
a newspaper, but in a book, so that it would be
laid up and preserved.
Mr. ADAMS said there was an additional rea-
son to those which were suggested by the gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Parker,} and it was
at least an equally powerful one with him for wish-
ing the document to be distributed to its utmost
possible extent. He meant what he conceived to
be the moral of this controversy with France—the
recommendation with which it closed, and the
quotation from the almost inspired Words of the
Father of his Country.
Mr. BOON said that there were but few of his
constituents who could get the message through
the newspapers; he therefore moved that forty
thousand copies be printed.
The question was taken on Mr. Boon's motion
to print forty thousand copies; which was decided
in the negative.
The question was then taken on Mr. Gillet's
motion to print twenty-five thousand copies;
which was decided in the affirmative—yeas 103,
nays 72.
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
The following message from the President was
then read:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
I transmit to the House of Representatives, in answer to
their resolution of the-----of February instant, reporta
from the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, with accompanying documents, relating to the rela-
tione between the United States and France. For reason 
adverted to by the Secretary of State, the resolutions of
the House have not been more fully complied with.
ANDREW JACKSON.
Washington, February 18,1836.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, said that as there
was, then, no necessity of referring these docu-
ments to a committee, he move4 that they be laid
on the table and printed; which/was agreed to.
The CHAIR proceeded to call for reports from
standing committees, when
Mr. ADAMS reminded the Chair that the rule
required that after the first thirty days of the ses-
sion, petitions should be called for on the first
day of the meeting of the House in each week.
The SPEAKER, on referring to the rule, an-
nounced that petitions were in order.
The question pending on the last petition day
was a point of order arising on an appeal taken
by Mr. Vinton from the decision of the Chair,
on the presentation of an abolition petition by
Mr. Briocs.
Mr. MILLER moved that the question of or-
der be postponed until Monday next.
Mr. VINTON said, that if the motion to post-
pone should prevail, it would apply only to the
solitary case under consideration; for there were
many other cases of a similar character that would
immediately come up.
Mr. MILLER explained, that his object was
that all petitions which might give rise to debate
should likewise be postponed; but he hopea the
