202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
good feeling of members having abolition pen- ,
tions would induce them to withhold them.           '
Mr WISE, «is a southern man, as a slave-
holder, did hope the House would act upon the
subject of the abolition of slavery, and no longer
evade or dodge the subject.
The motion to postpone till Monday next was
then agreed to.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Petitions and memorials were then presented
by Messrs. LAWRENCE, CUSHING, PHIL-
LIPS, BRIGGS, and ADAMS, of Massachu-
setts.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. ADAMS presented a petition for the abo-
lition of slavery within the District of Columbia,
and moved that it be referred to the select com-
mittee on that subject.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD objected to its recep-
tion; and moved to postpone the further consid-
eration of the preliminary question on the peti-
tion till Monday next.
Mr. ADAMS objected; and
Mr. DAVIS then moved to lay that prelimi-
nary motion on the table.
Mr. BRIGGS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The hour of one o'clock having arrived,
Mr. CAMBRELENG inquired of the Chair
what were the orders of the day ?
The CHAIR replied that, by a resolution
adopted some days since, the appropriation bills
were made the special order of every day, after
one hour being devoted to the consideration of
the morning business, except on Fridays and
Saturdays.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that the rules be
suspended in order to proceed with the call for
petitions and memorials, with the exception of ,
those which would give rise to debate, but sub-
quently withdrew the motion; and
Mr. LYON renewed it in a different form, viz:
to suspend the rules for the same purpose, for this
day, commencing at the Territories.
Mr. REED moved to amend that motion, so as
to proceed in the order already commenced; agreed
to—ayes 84, noes 79.
The motion as amended; was then agreed to—
ayes 122, noes 38; and the rules were accordingly
suspended.
The question then recurring on the motion of
Mr. Davis, to lay the preliminary motion on the
reception of the petition presented by Mr. Adams
this morning on the table,                                         J
Mr. MANN appealed to the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw his motion, so that the vote
of the House might be taken on the question of J
order.                                                                            I
Mr. DAVIS said he could not assent to the ¡
request, as he wished to preclude this debate, in
order to give members an opportunity of present-
ing petitions from their constituents.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative, as follows—yeas 120, nays 86:
YEAS — Messrs. Barton, Bean, Beardsley, Beaumont,
Bell, Bockee, Boon, Bovee, Boyd, Buchanan, Bunch,Cam-
brelcng, Carter, Casey, Chaney, Chapman, Chapín, Nathan-
iel H. Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee, Coles, Conner, Corwin,
Cramer, Cushman, Davis, ueberry, Dickerson, Doubleday,
Dunlap, Effner, Fairfield, French, Fry, William K. Fuller,
Galbraith, James Garland, Rice Garland, Graham, Grant-
land, Grayson, Hammond, Albert G. Harrison, Hawkins,
Haynes, Holsey, Howard, Huntsman, Jabez Jackson, Jen-
ifer, Joseph Johnson, Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson,
Henry Johnson, John W. Jones, Benjamin Jones, Kling-
ensmith, Lane, Lansing, Lawler, Thomas JL.ee, Luke Lea,
Leonard, Logan, Loyall, Lyon, Manning, Marun, John Y.
Mason, William Mason, Moses Mason, Maury, McComas,
McKay, McKeon, McKiin, MeLcne, Montgomery, Mor-
gan, Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Parks, Patterson, Patton,
Franklin Pierce, Pinckney, Keochcr, John Reynolds, Jo-
seph Reynolds, Ripley, Roane, Robertson, Rogers, Sey-
mour, William B. Shenard. Augustine H. Shepperd, Shields,
Slunn,Sickles,Smith, Spangler,Standefer,Taliaferro,Tay-
lor, Thomas, John Thomson, Touoey, Towns, Turrill,
Vanderpoel,Wagener, Ward, Waslungton,Webster, Weeks,
White, Lewis Williams, Sherrod Williams, and Wise—120.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, II email Allen,
Bailey, Banks, Bond, Borden, Briggs, Brown, Bynutn,
John Calhoon,WUIiara B. Calhoun, Campbell, Carr, George
Chambers, John Chambers, Childs, Clark, Crane, Cushing,
Denny, Dickson, Dromgoole, Evans, Everett, Farlin, Philo
C. Fuller, Granger, Grennell, Griffin, Haley, Hiland Hall,
Hannegan, Hard, Hardin, Harlan, Harper, Samuel S. Har-
rison, Hazelune, Henderson, Heister, Hoar, Howell, Hub-
ley, Hunt, Huntington, Ingersoll, Ingbam, William Jack-
evn, Janes, Jarvis, Judson, Kcnnon, Kilgore, Kinnard,
Lawrence, Lay, Gideon Lee, Joseph Lee, Lincoln, Lore,
Abijah Mann, Job Mann, Sampson Mason, May, McKen-
nan, Miller, Milhgin, Mo.n^, Parker, Dutee J. Pearce,
James A Pcarce, pcttigrew. Phelp-, Phillips, Potts, Reed,
UussoII, Sehenck, Slonnr, Spiague, Storor, Underwood,
Vmton, Wardwell, and Whittlesey—85.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote of this day postponing, until Mon-
day next, the appeal from the decision of the
Chair, in reference to the abolition petition pre-
sented on Monday of last week by Mr. Briggs.
Mr. M. said, he was induced to make this motion
m order that the question might be at once de-
cided, and that the House should not be blocked
up with similar questions, thereby excluding the
presentation of all petitions of a different char-
acter. He thought there was no more appropri-
ate time than the present to decide this question.
It was due to the importance of the subject that
it should be met and decided promptly; it was
due to the country, that itshouldknow what dis-
position Congress intended to make of this ques-
tion.
Mr. MILLER said that, havingfailed in accom-
plishing his object, in submitting his motion to
postpone, he acquiesced in the motion of the gen-
tleman from New York to reconsider, and was in
favor of disposing of the question of order at this
time.
Mr. WISE rose to make a prediction. When
the gentleman from New York made the motion
to reconsider, Mr. W. well knew that his appeal
would be answered, and he expected that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Miller] would
fully concur with the gentleman from New York.
He begged the House to look at the fact that,
when an appeal came from the South on the sub-
ject of slavery, it was unheeded—it was unsuc-
cessful. Let it come from the gentleman from
New York, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
would bo found fully to concur with him.
Mr. BROWN rose to say that, so far as the
remark of the honorable gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Wise] had any application, it could not
embrace him. He had resisted the motion to
postpone, because he wished the question of order
settled now. It must be settled soon; for it was
impossible the House should remain in its present
state any length of time. Why not settle it now
as well as next week, or any other time? He saw
nothing to be obtained by procrastination. He
came from a district which had not troubled the
House upon the angry and engrossing question
of slavery; and in sitting in silence in his seat for
more than two months while the discussions were
going on—in avoiding all agitation within their
walls, as far as his influence could go, he believed
he obeyed their wishes. The last thing ho desired
to do here was to debate the subject of the aboli-
tion of slavery in this District. In maintaining
the most studied silence, he believed he obeyed
the will of his constituents, as well as the dictates
of his own judgment.
When the honorable gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Pinckney] submitted his resolu-
tions, he voted for them in the hope that all future
petitions, praying for the abolition of slavery,
would go to the select committee of which that
honorable gentleman was chairman; and that the
business of the House would be permitted to pro-
ceed in the usual manner. In what situation did
the House find itself now? It was manifest that
petitions could not be presented, so long as the
Suestion of order remained undetermined, and
íe right of petition, for the time being, was sub-
stantially denied. It was for these reasons he
had voted against the motion to postpone; and it
was for these reasons he should now vote for the
motion of his honorable colleague [Mr. Mann]
to reconsider the motion to postpone, with a view
to reach the question of order.
Mr. PINCKNEY moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table; which was negatived—
ayes 65, noes not counted.
Mr. LAWLER asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider; which were not or-
dered.
The motion to reconsider was then agreed to—
ayes 101, noes not counted.
Mr. MILLER withdrew the motion to post-
pone.
The question then recurred on the question of
order, which was as follows: on Monday of last
week a petition foi the abolition of slavery within
the District of Columbia was presented by Mr.
Briggs, of Massachusetts. Mr. Wise raised
the question of its reception. The Chair enter-
tained that motion; and Mr. Vinton took an
appeal from the decision of the Chair, on the
ground that, by the adoption of the resolution of
Mr. Pinckney, to refer all petitions heretofore
offered, and which should thereafter be presented
on that subject, to a select committee, it was not
in order to entertain the question of reception.
Mr. SHIELDS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The point of order was discussed at length;
and the decision of the Chair was sustained by
Messrs. LAWLER, CUSHING, WISE, GAR-
LAND of Virginia, and opposed by Messrs.
BEARDSLEY, GRENNELL, VANDERPO-
EL, and MANNING.
Mr. GALBRAITH demanded the previous
question; which was seconded by the House—
ayes 104, noes 70.
On the question, " Shall the main question be
now put ?
Mr. GRANGER asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and the question beingtaken,
was decided in the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 84;
as follows:
YE\S—Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Banks, Barton,
Bean, Beardsley, Beaumont, Bockee, Boon, llovcc, Boyd,
Brown, Burns, ISynum, Cambrcleng, Carr, Casey, George
Chambers, Clianey, Chapín, Cleveland, Coffee, Connor,
Craig,Cramer, Cushman, Davis, Debcrry, Dickerson,Dick
son, Doubleday, Dunlap, Effner, Fairfield, Farlin, French,
Fry, Philo C. Fuller, William K. Fuller, Galbraith, Gillet,
Grantland, Haley, Joseph Hall, Hiland Hall, Hanier, Har-
per, Samuel S. llamson, Albert G. Harrison, Hawkins,
Haynes, Henderson, Heister, Holsey, Howaid, Hu lc>,
Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, William Jackson, Jabcz
Jackson, Janes, Joseph Johnson, Richard M. John-on,
Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Judson, Kcnnon, Kilgore,
Kinnard, Lane, Landing, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Leon-
ard, Logan, Abijah Mann, Job Mann, Manning. Martin,
John Y Mason, William Mason, Moses Mason, May, Mc-
Keon, McKiin, McLene, Miller, Montgomery, Moore, Mor-
gan, Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Parker, Parks, Patterson,
Dutee J. Pearce, Phelp-, Pinckney, John Reynolds, Joseph
Reynolds, Rojne, Rogers, Rchcnck, Seymour, Slunn,
Sickles, Smith, Spragii", Sutherland, Taj lor, Thorn a*,
John Thomson. Toucey, Turrill, Vandcrpoel, Wagoner,
Ward, Wardwell, Washington, Weeks, and Sherrod VVd-
liams—láü.
NAYS — Mt"-«r3. ifeman Allen, Ashley, Bailey, Bell,
Bond, Bouldin, Briggs, Bunch, John Calhoon, William B.
Calhoun, Campbell, Carter, John Chambers, Cbapinnn,
Cbilds, Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Clark, Corwin, Crane,
Curbing. Denny, Dromgoole, Evans, Everett, Forester,
James Garland, Itice Garland, Granger,Grayson, Grennell,
Griffin, Hammond, Hard, Hardin, Harlan, Hazoltine, Hoar,
Howell, Ingersoll, Jcnit'er, Henry Johnson, John W. Jones,
Lawler, Lawrence. Lay, Luke Lea. Lincoln, Love, Loyall,
Lyon. Sampsjn Mason, Maury, McKay, McKennan, Mil-
lignn, Morris, Patton, James A. Pearce, Pcttigrew, Peyton,
Phillips, Potts,Reed, Rencher, Robertson, Russell, William
B. Shepard, Augustine H. Shepperd, Shields, Slade, Sloune,
, Spangler, Standeter, Storer, Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson,
I Towns,underwood, Vinton, Webster, White, W'lnttlesev,
1 Lewis Williams, and Wise—84.
So the House determined that " the main ques-
tion shall be now put."
The main question, which was, " Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
, House," was then taken, and decided in the neg-
' ative, as follows—yeas 56, nays 147:
i     YE \S—Messrs. Bouldin, Buuch, John Calhoon, William
B Calhoun, Campbell, Carter, John Chambers, Chapman,
I Childs, Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Cushing, Dickson, Urom-
I goole, Everett, James Garland, Rice Garland, Graham,
Grayson, Griffin, Hamer, Hammond, Hardin, Hoar, Holsey,
Huntsman, John VV. Jones, Kmnard, Lawler, Luke Lea,
Lovall, Lyon, Martin, John Y. Mason, Maury, McComas,
McKay, McKtm, Morgan, Parks, Patton, James A. Pearce,
Pcttigrew, Phillips, Potts. Reed, Roane, Robertson, William
B. Shepaid, Shields, Spangler, Standefer,Taliaferro, Wad-
■ dy Thompson, Town , White, and Wi^e—56.
i    NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Ashley, Bmley,   Banks, Barton, Bean, Beard>ley, Beau-
mont, Bockee, Bond, Boon, Bovee, Boyd, Briggs, Brown,
I Burns, Bjnum, Cambrel-ng. Carr, Casey, George Chain-
, bers, Chaney, Chapm, Clark, Cleveland,  Coffee, Coles,
I Conner, Corwin, Craig, Cramer, Crane, Cushman, Davis,
Deberry, Denny, Dickerson,  Doubledav, Dunlap, Effner,
Fairfield, Farlin, French, Fry, Philo C. Fuller, William K.
Fuller,  Galbraith, Gillet, Granger, Grantland, Grennell,
1 Haley, Jo-epli Hall, Hiland Half, Hard, Harper, Samuel S.
Harrison, Albert G. Harrison, Hawkins. Hayneo, Hazeltine,
Henderson, Heister, Howard, Howell, Hublev, Huntington,
Ingersoll, Ingham, William Jackson, Jabea Jackson, Janes,
Jarvis, Jenifer, Josepn Johnson, Richard M. Joliníon, Cave
Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Jud-on, Kennon, Kilgore, Lane,
Lansing, Lawrence, Lay, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Leon-
ard. Lincoln, Logan, Love, Abijah Mann, Job Mann, Man-
ning, William Mason, Moses Mason, Sampson Mason. May,
McKennan, McICcon, McLene, Miller, Milhgan,Montgom-
ery, Moore, Morris,  Muhlenberg, Owons, Pago, Parker,
Patterson, Dutee J. Pearce  Phelps, Pinckney, Rencher,
