1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
John Reynolds, Jc>9?ph Reynolds, Roger , Russell, Shenek,
S.\wnour, Au-'U-tme 11, Slieppsrd, Sbinn, Sickles, Slade,
So.ui", E?niiir., Storor, Taylor, Thomas, John Thomson, I
Tmiwy, Tiimll. L'udonvoori, Vanderpoel, Vinton, Wasen- '
cr. Ward. Wardwoll. Wn-hmirton, Webster, Weeks, Whit-
t'f^ey, Lewis Williams, and Sherrod Williams—147.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed; and
the memorial presented by Mr. Briggs, which
was the subject of the point of order, was thereby
referred to the select committee on the subject
of slavery within the District of Columbia.
The memorial presented by Mr. Adams this
dav also took the same reference.
Mr. LAWLER sent to the Chair certain in-
structions, which he desired to go to the same
committee, and proposed that they be read, which
was objected to; and, after some conversation be-
tween the Chair and Mr. L.\WLER,as to the right
to ofTer these instructions, the House,
On motion by Mr. McKIM, (at half-past four
o'clock,) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 24, 1836.
A message, was received from the President of
the United States,!>y Mr. Doxelsox, his Private
Secretary, transmitting a report from the Sec-
retary of War on the progress of the improve-
ments of Red river; and,
On motion by Mr. NAUDAIN, it was ordered
to be printed.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
State Department, on the petition of Janet Tay-
lor, niece and legal representative of Commodore
John Paul Jones, made in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of the 1st instant; and,
On motion by Mr. KING, of Georgia, it was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of Joseph
Roulette; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. BLACK presented the petition of the
trustees of the common schools in the State of
Mississippi, on the subject of sixteenth sections
granted for school purposes; which was referred
to the Committee or Public Lands.
Mr. BLACK also presented the petition of sun-
dry inhabitants of several counties of the State of j
Mississippi, on the subject of alleged frauds under \\
the late Choctaw treaty; which was referred to the '
Committee on Private' Land Claims, and ordered ',
to be printed.                                                            j
Mr. McKE AN presented the petition of sundry ,
citizens of the State of Ohio, remonstrating against
the proposed alteration in the location of the na-
tional road between Springfield, in the State of
Ohio, and Richmond, in the State of Indiana;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. LINN presented two memorials from the
Legislative Council of Michigan; one praying for
the establishment of a new Territory west of •
Lake Michigan, and the other on the subject of
internal improvements; which were laid on the
table.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
sundry importers of linens in the city of Phil-
adelphia, praying that the article denominated in
commerce, " browned linens," may be placed
on the same footing, with respect to duty, as
bleached' linens; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
the heirs of John Dennan; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which had been referred
the joint resolution from the House of Represent-
atives to establish certain post routes in Missouri ,1
and Arkansas, reported the same with amend-
mcnts, which were concurred in; and by general
consent the resolution was ordered to %c en- '
grossed for a third reading.                                     ]
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to which had been referred i
the bills supplementary to the act to authorize the
Legislature of the Territory of Florida to open
a canal to connect the Apallachicola river and St.
Andrews bay, and from Matanzas to Halifax;
and the bill to authorize the Pensacola and Per-
dido Railroad Company to open a canal through
the roads of the United States; reported the same
with amendments, which were read.
On motion by Mr. TOMLINSON, the Com-
mittee on Pensions was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial in behalf of
the widow and children of Major Dade, who was
killed in the late action with the Indians in Flor-
ida, and those who served under him; and the
same was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. ROBINSON, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to which had been referred the
bill for the completion of certain roads, and the
improvement of certain rivers in Florida, report-
ed the same without amendment.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally read the
third time and passed:
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Henry Eckford, deceased;
The bill to authorize the Atchafalaya Railroad
and Banking Company to locate their road through
the territory of the United States;
The bill for the relief of A. B. Ostrander;
The bill for the relief of the heirs of General
William Eaton, deceased; and
The bill confirming the title of Milas de la Car-
rera, and those claiming under him, to a tract of
land.
The bill to divide the Green bay land district
in Michigan was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, and order-
ed to a third reading.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolution; which lies over one day for consider-
ation:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expadieney of authorizing, with-
out restriction or limitation, toe entry of the public lands
after the public tales in forty-acre tracu.
Mr. EWING submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform the Senate what was the balance of money in the
Treasury on the last day to which that balance was ascer-
tained.
NATIONAL DEFENSE.                       ;
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the unfinished business, being the bill making
appropriations for the fortifications of the United
States.
Mr. BENTON addressed the Senate in support
of the bill, making various explanations in addi-
tion to those made yesterday; after which
Mr. PRESTON followed in reply in a speech
of considerable length; and after some further
remarks from Mr. BENTON,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 24, 1836.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported the following
bills; which were read twice and committed:
A bill to establish an arsenal of construction in
the State of North Carolina;
A bill for the erection of a national armory on
the western waters;
A bill for the purchase of certain rights or in-
ventions of William H. Beall, of North Carolina;
and
A bill for the benefit of John H. Hall.
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of John P. Becker; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. W., from the same committee, reported a
bill to provide for the payment of certain pensions
at Windsor and Danville, in the State of Vermont; '
which was read twice.
Mr.W. moved that it be ordered tobe engrossed
and read the third time.
Mr. ALLEN, of Vermont, moved to commit
the bill to a Committee of the Whole House.
Messrs. EVERETT and WARDWELL op-
posed the commitment; and, on motion by the
former, the bill was postponed to this day three j
weeks.                                                                       i
Mr. LAY, from the Committee«n Revolution-
ary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
John Lent; which was read twice and committed.
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee of Elections,
made a report in the case of the contested elec-
tion of the Hon. James Graham, of North Caro-
lina, which he moved tobe printed, together with
the accompanying documents, and made the spe-
cial order for Wednesday next.
[The majority of the committee reported ad-
versely to the sitting member, and that Mr. Da-
vid Newland was entitled to his seat.]
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD moved to postpone the
further consideration of the subject until Wed-
nesday three weeks.
Mr. BYNUM remarked that this contested
election had been before Congress for nearly four
months. If it be a fact, that the present incum-
bent was not entitled to a seat on this floor, he
had been there already a sufficient length of time;
and it became them, as an act of justice to the
people of that district, and of the State of North
Carolina, to see that the contest should be settled
as soon as possible, and that the legitimate rep-
resentative should take his seat. He hoped,
therefore, that no time would be lost in deciding
on the question, more than was absolutely neces-
sary to ascertain who was entitled to the seat. He
thought one week was time enough to come to a
correct understanding, and make a just and cor-
rect decision on the subject. He hoped the mo-
tion to postpone for three weeks, would not pre-
vail.
Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Virginia, felt very little
interest, for his own part, as to the time assigned
for the investigation of this matter, but he desired
that justice should be done to both parties. The
gentleman [Mr. Btncm] had observed that the
State of North Carolina, in this particular, had
been long enough misrepresented. Mr. C. would
inform the gentleman that the committee were
divided as to who was entitled to the seat on this
occasion, and that a counter-report to the one
presented that morning, exhibiting the case in an
entirely different way, would be made, as soon
as the former should be disposed of. Mr. C. 's
anxiety on the present occasion was not to
smother this case in any way whatever, but to
give a fair and full opportunity to every gentle-
man disposed to go into it to do so. It.then be-
came necessary to print both reports, and the
whole of the testimony, upon the construction of
some portion of which it was readily and freely
admitted that different views must of necessity
be taken by different persons. The time first
mentioned was, perhaps, too short, for it ought
certainly to be long enough to permit the print-
ing of both reports and the whole of the testi-
mony, and to give an opportunity to the members
of the House to examine it for themselves, and to
compare it with the view taken of it by the differ-
ent members of the committee.
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD said, that the present
subject was a matter of interest not only to the
House, but to the district immediately concerned,
and also to the State of North Carolina; and he re-
gretted very much to hear the remarks which fell
from his colleague upon this subject. He hoped
the House would not enter into any other than
the question, which of the candidates were entitled
to the seat. There was a motion before the House
that the documents be printed, and some days
must elapse before the printing could be executed.
He thought he understood from the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Claiborne] that another re-
port was to be presented. Was it not, therefore,
right that all this matter should be laid before the
House ?—and that could not be done hastily. It
had been intimated to him that one of the parties
in the contested election wanted time to make
out the question and prepare the evidence of his
being entitled to a seat. Would it not, therefore,
be better to make the simple order for printing
the documents, and let them have a few days to
determine whether it might not be necessary to
recommit the subject to hear other testimony?
Let the matter be amply, discreetly, and dispas-
sionately considered,and decided by the facts of
the case.
Mr. HARDIN thought that all the members
