204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
of the House ought to be acquainted with the
subject, so as to enable thorn to decide under-
standingly. He had cast his eye on the report,
and he very much doubted whether it could be
printed before next Tuesday or Wednesday;
therefore, to take it up nt that time would most
certainly be too soon.' The decision was to be
made from an investigation into the laws of North
Carolina, of which laws few knew anything but
the members from that State; and time must be
had to examine those laws after the documents
were printed. Gentlemen well knew the trouble
and cmbarrassmentexperienccd in the case of the
Moore and Letcher contested election. Although
he was intimately acquainted with the laws in
that case, he must say that he never met with
anything which gave him more embarrassment
than to apply those laws. Whether the district
was misrepresented or not, he could not determine;
but the presumption was, that the gentleman who
had obtained a certificate of election was entitled
to the seat. Yet there was a probability that he
might not be entitled to it. He was satisfied that
Wednesday was too short a time, although three
weeks might be too long. In relation to having
a lawyer come before the House to plead the
cause of either of the gentlemen, he must protest
against it. He could never consent to nave a
lawyer come there who was not a member of
Congress.
Mr. GRAHAM (the sitting member) present-
ed a written communication to the House, in ref-
erence to the subject, which by unanimous con-
sent was read, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARD moved to recommit the report to
the same committee,with instructions to give time,
for the purpose of taking further evidence, until
the first day of April next.
The CHAIR remarked that the motion to post-
pone took precedence; but when it was disposed
of, the motion of the gentleman from New York
could be entertained.
Mr. BELL said, as he understood the rules, the
motion to recommit had precedence of the motion
to postpone.
The CHAIR decided that the motion to post-
pone took precedence.
Mr. BELL then appealed from the decision of
the Chair, but subsequently withdrew the appeal.
Mr. BELL said it was of great importance that
the rules of the House should be correctly under-
stood. AU men of experience must know that
important questions were often carried by their
having a priority over other questions. It was
unfortunate that the question had not been brought
up earlier in the session; but he did not mean to
enter into the merits of the question now. He
had, however, a word or two to say on the sub-
ject of its being made the order of the day for
this day week. Here was a proposition to make
the present question the order of the day for Wed-
nesday next. They had already a standing order
to proceed at the hour of one o 'clock to the con-
sideration of the appropriation bills; and on yes-
terday a gentleman from New York [Mr. Beards-
let] had said that that resolution had precisely
the same effectasthe standing rules of the House.
That measure was adopted for great and wise
considerations. The reasons urged in its favor
were that the appropriation bills must be disposed
of speedily.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The hour of one havin  arrived, Mr. Bell's
remarks were arrested by the annunciation of the
special orders of the day.
REPORT OF COMMITTEE   OF   ELECTIONS.
Mr. BOYD asked the unanimous consent of
the House to submit a motion for the printing of
the report of the Committee of Elections; which
was agreed to, when
Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Virginia, from the mi-
nority of the committee, made a counter report;
which was also ordered to be printed.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to suspend
the rules for the purpose of calling the States for
tpetitions; which was negatived—yeas 113, nays
58, two thirds being necessary.
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report from the Secretary of War
of the progress made in the improvement of the
navigation oí Red river, &c; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or-
dered to be printed.
The CHAIR also laid before the House the
following communications:
I.  A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in answer to a resolution of the 13th instant, in
relation to the location of two townships of land
granted to the State of Louisiana, for the purpose
of education; laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
II.  A letter from the Secretary of War, in re-
sponse to a resolution of the 13th instant, respect-
ing the constr*ction of a harbor at New Buffalo,
on Lake Michigan; referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
NEW YORK RELIEF BILL.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that the special
order be postponed for the purpose of proceeding
with the consideration of the bill for the relief
of the sufferers by the fire in the city of New York;
which was agreed to—ayes 120, noes 41.
The bill was on its third reading, and the
' question pending was the motion of
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky, to strike
out the second section of the bill, which is in
the following words:
Sec. 2. tind be it further enacted, That the collector of
the port of New York is hereby authorized and directed to
extend the payment, in the manner prescribed in the first
section of this act, of all other bonds given for duties at the
port of New York, prior to the late fire, and not provided
for in the first section, as aforesaid, for six, nine, and twelve
months, from and after the day of payment specified in the
bonds : Provided, however, That nothing contained in this
act shall extend to bonds which had fallen dus before the
seventeenth day of December last.
Mr. CAMBRELENG explained that, under
this section, about $2,700,000 would be included;
that of this amount $2,000,000 have already fallen
due; and that the prosecution of these bonds, at
this time, would probably cost the Government
between one and two hundred thousand dollars;
that by extending the interest the Government
would gain $80,000 in interest, which would oth-
erwise be lost; for if the money could be collected
at once, it would remain in the deposit banks
without interest, in addition to the risk of losing
a large portion of the principal by attempting to
enforce immediate payment of the bonds.
I Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, opposed the
j section at length, and maintained that the bill
j provided for the loan of the public money to the
I merchants in New York and elsewhere to the
amount of $2,700,000. One argument of the gen-
tleman he could not assent to the force of, viz:
that the public money would remain in the de-
posit banks without interest. He was opposed
to their having the use of any of the public money
without paying for it. He again recurred to his
argument, that the provisions of the second sec-
tion were an effectual loan, and said it was very
doubtful whether the Government had the con-
stitutional power to loan out the public money in
the way proposeoV. The bill was also objection-
able to him in another point of view, by drawing
a distinction between those who had lost to the
amount of $1,000, and those who had lost less,
thereby bestowing its advantages upon those who
possessed most, and had been most fortunate,
eaving the poorand needy altogetherunprovided
for. In reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Storer,] he denied that the mercantile interest
of the West would be benefited by this bill.
There was no provision in the bill giving the
western merchants any indulgence under it, nor
had any pledge been given, or any understanding
held out, that they would be indulged by the mer-
chants of New York. He was at a loss to see
wherein lay the claims of New York over any
other section of country, and yet the bill was
exclusively for the relief of that city.
Mr. HOWARD said that, although friendly to
the bill, he had refrained from taking any part in
the discussion, from an apprehension that the
measure of relief might be endangered by con-
suming too much time in the debate; but lie felt
that he had a duty to perform towards those
whom he had the honor of representing, by ex-
pressing very briefly what he believed to be their
opinion upon the bill.   He hoped, therefore, that
the friends of the measure and the House would
excuse him for trespassing upon a few moments
of their time and patience. It had been said in the
course of the debate, and not contradicted, that
the meetings which were held in the commercial
cities to express public opinion, were the result
of management originating in New York. As far
as Baltimore was concerned, he undertook to say
that the meeting was the spontaneous impulse of
sympathy, and that it occurred before the ashes in
New York had cooled; and every one knew that
the firemen of Philadelphia had hastened with
such alacrity to the assistance of their friends,
that they aided in the extinguishment of the
fire itself. There was another point which had
been urged by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Williams,] who had just taken his scat,
and which was not a new objection, that the
prolongation of the credit upon the bonds
would l>e equivalent to a loan of money from the
Treasury, and therefore unconstitutional. But
how did the case stand? We had £,2,700,0U0
worth of bonds in the hands of the collector, but
no money—and it would be difficult to maintain
the identity between money and bonds, which
might never be paid. Mr. H. said ho had heard
of a man who, when pressed for payment of a debt,
at length gave his bond for it, and then thanked
heaven that " that debt was paid." Those who
considered the present bill as a loan of money
seemed to argue much in the same way. But it
was thought unreasonable to indulge those who
had not actually lost property by the fire. Those
who knew the intimate fiscal connection between
classes of merchants in a city, must be aware
that the ability of a large portion of them to
meet their engagements could not be lessened,
without in some degree impairing the power of
the rest. They were like bees, when swarming,
so close was their dependence upon each other.
As to the preference given by this measure to one
E orto ver another, he thought the merchants might
e safely left to their own protection, without the
gratuitous care of others; and it appeared, from
their general friendship for this measure of relief,
as if it could fairly be considered nothing more
than a restoration of New York to that equality
which she might otherwise lose by the recent ca-
lamity. Mr. H. insisted that the analogy derived
from the indulgence heretofore extended to the
debtors for public lands, had not been success-
fully refuted. When gentlemen said that this
extension of credit was owing to the reduction
of the price of public lands, they forgot dates, for
that alteration did not take place until 1820; and
from 1809 downwards the statute-book was full
of laws, extending the time of payment to those
who had purchased public lands on credit. The
merchant purchases, eitherin cash or on time, the
privilege of introducing goods for consumption,
and when he becomes a debtor to Government
ought to be treated with the same indulgence
i which had heretofore been extended to another
and meritorious class of public debtors. Mr. H.
said that he thought and hoped the bill would
pass, and would not consume any more time in
its discussion.
Mr. DTJNLAP said, that he did not doubt
there were many gentlemen in the House who in-
tended to vote for the bill with the second section
in it, who had not given the subject a full exam-
ination, and who believed they were only voting
relief to those persons indebted to the Govern-
ment who wen injured by the fire in the city of
New York. Mr. Speaker, (saidhe,)if the mem-
bers of this House will but take the trouble to
read thesecond section, they will find that it gives
a credit to all persons who have given bonds for
duties on merchandise imported into the city of
New York prior to the 17th day of December
last. The first section gives a credit of three, four,
and five years to all those who have sustained
an injury by the fire, and the second section gives
a credit of six, nine, and twelve months to all
others. Now this would be establishing a prin-
ciple of giving a credit to persons who had met
with no loss, and in fact had been benefited by
the fire. Their rival merchants had been burnt
out, and all their goods destroyed, and they still
had all their goods on hand, and the competition
was greatly lessened. They no doubt had ad-
vanced the price of their goods, owing to the scar-
