183©.                                 1ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   305
city and the demand for them. In what had they
been injured, or what reason had been given for
this unprecedented section ' Not that the Gov-
ernment was likely to lose any pait of her debt.
But it was said that Congress had heretofore ex-
tended relief to purchaseis of public lands, and
that * estern gentlemen had not shown the differ-
ence between the relief extended to the purchasers
of public lands, and the relief granted by the sec-
ond section of the bill to the merchants of New
York. Mr. D. said that when it was looked into
it would be found that, prior to April, 1820, the
United States had sold, on credit, a large quan-
tity of her lands at very high prices, and that
there was due to the Government upwards of
twenty millions of dollars under the credit sys-
tem. Congress changed the system of selling
her lands in April, 1820, from a credit to cash
sales, and reduced the price to $1.25 per acre.
The desideratum with Congress, in 1821, was,
how to save the debt due from the purchases of
fmblic lands; and in their wisdom they passed a
aw authorizing the purchasers to relinquish part
of their lands, and apply what had been paid there-
for to the payment of the part not relinquished.
It was also pro\ided in said act that those who
paid the debt due to the United States prior to the
thirtieth day of September, 1822, should be al-
lowed a deduction of thirty-seven and a half per
cent, on the amount paid. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
would ask the friends of this bill to examine one
other provision of the bill of 1821, and say if they
have the same provision in their bill. I allude par-
ticularly to the fifth section. That section provides
that those who have laid off towns, part or whole
of the lots whereof have been sold, are entitled to
the benefits of the act, on condition of a remission
of interest and a discount of twenty per cent, to
the purchasers of them, with a right to discharge
their debts by bond with security, in equal annual
payments of four years. Here, Mr. Speaker, was
a condition imposed on all those persons who were
indebted to the United States for bonds, and who
had been benefited by their purchase. No such
condition is imposed on the persons who receive
the benefit of the second section of this bill. They
are not required to give a credit to alt persons in-
debted to them; they have evidently received a
benefit from the fire, and sustained no injury.
For what purpose was the relief granted to the
furchasers of public lands'   To secure the debt.
t was known to every person that, at the time
of the sale of the public lands, whereby so large
a debt had become due to the United States, it was
in consequence of the then very high prices of
all articles of agriculture.    Cotton was selling at
from twenty-five to thirty dollars per hundred;
and the great amount of paper money put into
circulation after the close of the war, when no
bank pretended to pay specie, the great facility
with which every person could procure accom-
modations at the bank, had advanced the price of
every article of property, and particularly the
lands in the southern section of the Union, where
they sold at from fifty to one hundred dollars per
acre, and greatly over their real value.   When
the banks broke, money became scarce.   All pro-
duce raised by the farmer fell in value.    Cotton
was reduced from thirty to eight or ten dollars
per hundred.    The Government had  received
only one fourth of the purchase-money for her
lands, and she was in danger of having them
forfeited, and there was no hopes of their ever
selling for one fourth of what they bad sold for.
It was a matter of policy, therefore, in the Gov-
ernment to giant the relief she did to the pur-
chasers.    She made money by granting the relief.
How was it with persons intended to be re-
lieved by this bill'   The first section provided
for those who suffered by the fire, and if payment
was attempted to  be coerced, the Government
was in danger of losing its debts; and, as a matter
of policy, the credit should be extended on the
debts being secured.    I have no doubt but that
the Government will save money by the relief
granted in the first section.   Not so as to the
persons relieved by the second section.   They
have sustained no injury, and have not shown
that they are, in any respect whatever, unable to ;
pay the United States the money they owe. The
only argument I have heard in their favor is,
that they reside in a city where property to the
value of #15,000,000 has been burnt. It does
not follow, as a just conclusion, that they have
thereby been injured, and are unable to pay at
present, and that the United States would en-
danger herdebt to attempt to collect it. I believe,
sir, the argument is much stronger, from the
nature of the property burnt, and that owned by
the importing merchant, that the persons in-
tended to be benefited by the second section have
been benefited by the fire. I shall, therefore,
vote to strike out the second section.
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky, moved a call
of the House; which was ordered.
After the call had been proceeded with for
some time, on motion of
Mr. ROBERTSON it was dispensed with.
The question was then taken on the motion to
strike out the second section, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 89, nays 116; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Chilton Allan, Beanmonr, Bell, Bond,
Boon, Borden, Bouldiu, Bo>d, Bunch, Campbell, Carr,
Carter, Case}, George Chambers, John Chambers, Chap-
man, Nathaniel H Claiborne, Clark, Connor, Craig, Custi-
man. Davis, Deberry, Denny, Dickson, Dunlap, Effner,
Forester, French, Fry, James Garland, Graham, Graves,
Grayson, Griffin, Hamer, Hammond, Hannegan, Hardin,
Harlan, Samuel S Harrison, Hawkins, Huntsman, Jeniter,
Cave Johnson, Joseph Johnson, John W Jones, Kinnard,
Khngensmith, Lawler, Luke Lea, Logan, Lucas, Job
Mann, Martin, Sampson Mason, Maury, May, MeComas,
McKay, McLene, Morgan, Morns, Patterson, Dutee J.
Pearce, James A Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Peyton, Pickens,
Rencher, John Reynolds, Roane, Robertson, William B.
Shepard, Augustine H Shepperd, Shield , Sprngue, Stand-
efer, Taliaferro, Thomas, Waddy Thompson, Underwood,
Webster, Weeks, White, Whittlesey, Lewi  Williams,
Sherrod Williams, and Wise—89.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Heman Allen, Billey, Barton,
Bockee, Bovee, Briggs, Brown, Buchanan, Bynum, William
B Calhoun, Cambreleng, Cbaney, Cbapm, Childs, Cleve-
land, Coffee, Corwin, Cramer, Crane, Cushing, Dickerson,
Doubleday, Evans, Everett, Fairfield, Farhn, Philo C.
Fuller, William K. Fuller, Galbraith, Rice Garland, Gillet,
Glascock, Granger, Grantland, Grennell, Haley, Hiland
Hall, Joseph Hall, Hard, Albert G. Harrison, Hazelnne,
Henderson, Heister, Hoar, Holset, Howard, Howell, Hub-
ley, Hunt, Huntington, IngersolK Ingham, Jabez Jackson,
William Jackson, Janes, Jams, Henrv Johnson, Richard M.
Johnson, Judson, Kennon, Kilgore, Lane, Lansing, Law-
rence, Lay, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee,Thomas Lee, Leonard,
Lincoln, Love, Lovall, Lyon, Abyah Mann, Manning, John
Y. Mason, Moses Mason, William Mason, McKennan, Mc-
Keon, McKim, Miller, Milhgan, Montgomery, Moore, Muh-
lenberg, Owens, Page, Parker, Parks, Petngrew, Phelps,
Phillips, Pinckney, Pott , Reed, Joseph Reynolds, Russell,
Scbenck, Seymour, Shinn, Sloane, Smith, Spangler, Storer,
Sutherland, Taj lor, John Thomson, Toucey, Towns, Tur-
nll, Vanderpoel, Vinton, Ward, and Wardwell—116.
Mr. WILLIAMS then offered the following
I proviso:
Proiiáed, That  the indulgence authorized under  the
1 provisions of this bill shall in no case be given without other
and sufficient security be given, when in the opinion of the
i collector it shall be necessary to secure the sum due by the
person or persons who ask indulgence.
|     Mr. CAMBRELENG suggested that the bill
j already provided for the object proposed by the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WILLIAMS remarked that tha language
of the bill did not seem to embrace his provision.
The amendment was negatived withoutacount.
Mr. BRIGGS then moved the following pro-
viso to the second section:
Provided abo, That if, in the opinion of the collector
aforesaid, any of the bonds which may be given under this
act, payment of which may be postponed, shall at any time
be insecure, it shall be the duty of the said collector to
require such additional security as shall be satisfactory to
him; and on failure of such addiuonal security being fur-
nished, the payment thereof shall be enforced forthwith.
Which was agreed to.
The question then recurring on engrossing the
amendments agreed to, and ordering the bill to
be read the third time,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Virginia, asked for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered; and the
question being then taken, resulted—yeas 125,
nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Heman Allen, Bailey, Banks,
Barton, Beardsley, Bockee, Bovee, Briggs, Brown, Buch-
anan, Bynum, William B Calhoun, Cambreleng, Chaney,
Chapm, Childs, Clark, Cleveland, Coffee, Corwin, Cramer,
Crane, Cushing, Dickerson, Doubleday, Effner, Evans,
Fairfield, Farlin, Philo C. Fuller, William K. Fuller, Gal-
braith, Ri ce Garland, Gillet, Glascock, Granger, Grantland,
Grennell, Haley, Joseph Hall, Hard, liar per, Haynes, Ha-
zeltine, Henderson, Heister, Hoar, Holsey, Howard, Howell,
Hubley, Hunt, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingereoll, Ingham,
William Jackson, Jabez Jackson, Janes, Jarvis, Richard
M. Johnson, Cave Johnson, Henry Johnson, Judson, Kil-
Íore, Lane, Lansing, Lawrence, Lay, Gideon Lee, Joshua
.ee,Thomas Lee, Leonard, Lincoln,Love,Loyall, Lyon,
Abyah Mann, Manning, William Mason, Moses Mason,
Sampson Mason, Maury, McKennan, McKeon, McKun,
Miller, Milhgan, Moore, Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Parker,
Parks, Patterson, James A Pearce, Pettigrew, Phelps,
Fhilli>, Pinckney, Potts, Reed, Joseph Reynolds, Rogers,
Russell, Schcnck, Seymour, Shinn, Sickles, Sloane, Smith,
Spangler, Storer, Sutherland, Taylor, John Thomson,
Toucey, Towns, Turrill, Vanderpoel, Vinton, Ward,Ward-
well, and Washington—135
NAYS — Messrs Chilton Allan, Bean, Beaumont, BpII,
Bond, Boon, Borden, Boyd, Bunch, John Calhoon, Camp-
bell, Carr, Carter, Casey, George Chambers, John Chambers,
Chapman, Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Coles, Connor, Craig,
Cushman, Davis, Deberry, Denny, Dickson, Dromgoole,
Dunlap, Everett, Trench, Fry, James Garland, Graham,
Graves, Grayson, Griffin, Hiland Hall, Hamer, Hammond,
Hannegan, Hardin, Harlan, Albert G Harrison, Hawkins,
Jenifer, Joseph Johnson,John W Jones, Kinnard, Khngen-
smith, Lawler, Luke Lea, Logan, Luca«, Job Mann, Martin,
John Y. Mason, May, MeComas, McLtne, Montgomery,
Morgan, Morns, Dutee J. Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Pejton,
Rencher, John Reynolds, Roane, Robertson, Augustine H
Shepperd, Shields, Sprague, Standefer, Taliaferro, Thomas,
Waddy Thompson, Underwood, Webster, Weeks, White,
Whittlesej, Lewis Williams, Sherrod Williams, and Wise
—84.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading.
BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking
up and considering certain bills relating to the
Bank of the United States.
Mr. C. explained that the Committee of Ways
and Means had unanimously instructed him to
make the motion, and it was indispensable that the
bills in question should be acted upon before the
3d of March.
The motion was negatived, and the House then
adjourned._____________________
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 25, 1836.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Treasury Department, made in puisuance of the
resolution of the Senate of the 19th instant, show-
ing the construction placed by the Department on
the act of May, 1830, granting preemption rights
to actual settlers on the public lands, with regard
to assignments of preemption rights ; and,
On motion by Mr. EYVTNG, of Ohio, it was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. EWING, of Illinois, presented the petition
of a number of citizens of Illinois, praying for the
establishment of a new post route.
Mr. BLACK presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of Mississippi in relation to alleged
frauds practiced under the provisions of the treaty
of Dancing Rabbit Creek for Indian reservations;
which, with the documentary testimony accom-
panying the same, was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and oidered to be printed.
Mr. GRUNDY presented the petition of George
F. Strother, late receiver of public moneys in the
State of Missouri, praying, for reasons therein
stated, that a judgment obtained against him by
the United States maybe reopened; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of the
widow of James Leomaster, praying compensa-
tion for supplies with which a number of volun-
teer mounted rangers were furnished by her hus-
band ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported the bill authorizing the Secretary
of tho Treasury to compromise the claims of the
United States on certain banks; and the bill to
authorize Daniel Tyler to import an iron canal
passage boat, in detached parts, with the neces-
sary machinery, tools, and working utensils, free
from duty, severally, without amendment.
On motion by Mr. WEBSTER, the Commit-
tee on Finance was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition from sundry mer-
chants of Philadelphia on the subject of the duty
on linens; and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
Mr. ROBBINS, on leave, introduced a joint
resolution, providing for the purchase of three
hundred copies of the History of Congress, com-
piled by Carey, Lea & Blanchard; which was
read the first time, and on the question, " Shall
this resolution be read a second time5"
Mr. BENTON wished to know if this was the
history of the panic session; and if this was the
