206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
February 25,
Csrev and Lea who had figured «"> highly in the
printing of t.mt s-umvn  If it ^S lu thousrht
thev "lad h id enough of n. Hi hoped thtj mLrht
haveas" cim n number of it hud on thi ir tables,
tint t'ie'v uii"ht examire it before any action wis
hid upo i it, and that the resolution imght in the
intan time 1 t on the table.
Mi. PORTLR had not known w ho the authors
wet c, and thought it n^ not necessir\ to know
All books ou?!u to be j id^ed of by thou meuts,
without repaid tj the authors. He was in tivor
of the motion to lay the resolution on the table,
u ut! they could see a specimen number of the
«oik.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution,
which lies on the table one day.
Resolved That the Committee on the Public I ind  b>
in iru-ted to i iquu\ into tlie expedient) ot am mini? ttii
„Ltenutled " Vii act lav in  off a tow non Bean river, in the
• iu>> v Hanoi , and lor other purpo c ," so a  to i \itnd
Iht prml >so-. granti d b\ thi* act to the citizen  o' tlie towns
ui tort Maoi on and Burlington, m t'le countv oi 1) 3
Mn.nt , and the towns of Billvue, Du Boju , and Pirn
in tbc loniitvof Du Bogue, and Territory ol Mielng'n
BILLS PASSED.
The follow ing bills were severally read the
third time, and passed:
The bill for the rehef of William Hoeran, ad-
ministrator of Michael Hogan, deceased,
The bill to divide the Green Bay land district
in Michiiran, and for other purposes; and
The joint resolution for the establishment of
certain post íoutes in Missouri and Arkansas.
RESOLUTIONS AGREED TO.
The resolutions Hing on the table, submitted
bj Missrs Benton-, Livv and Hevdricks, woie
severally considered and adopted.
FORTIFICATION ON LAKE CHAMPLAIN".
The resolution submitted by Mr. Swift, di-
recting the Secretary of War to cause a survey
to be made of a site for a fortification on Lake
Chimnhuii, was considered.
Mr PRESTON thought this resolution ought
to be referred to one of the committees. It neces-
 inh involved the expenditure of a considerable
sum of money. He would, therefore, move that
it be retened to the Committee on Military Af-
iair 
Mr SWIFT said, that at a former period this
survey had been ordered, and for want of being
able to protuie a competent engineei to make
the survcj at the time, it had necessarily been
d 'ajtd. He had, however, no oojcction to the
)  firmer.                                                                       I
The h solution was then referred to the Com-  '
mitiee oi  Military Affair .                                        '
FORTIFICATION BILL.                        |
The Senate took up the fortification bill, re-
port' d by the Committee on Military Affaus, ai
tin  unfinished business of yesterday
Mr. PRESTON addressed the Senate in con-
tinuation of his remarks begun yesterday, and
i ndod by moving to strike out the appropriation
{• r the f irtifieation in Kennebeck, which he said
was to try the sense of the Senate as to the ex-
tent of appropriations foi fortifications of a cei-
Uun class
Mr. CLAY suggested the laying the bill on the
table, aid the printing the tabular statements
referí ed to by the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee, [Mi Blvtov,] and the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr Prxstov ]" He thought it
desirable that every Senator should be possessed
of the who'e of this valuable and useful informa-
tion contained in these statements, befoie giving
his vo'e He would not, however, make any
motion if any gentleman wished to go on with
the debate
Mr PRESTON concurred with the Senator
from Kentucky, as to the impoitance of having
the tables puiitid, and if no gentleman wished
to go on w ith the debate, he would move to lay
the bill on the table until the printing could be
executed Tlf motion be had made to strike out
certain fortifications was not to limit the debate,
but mr rr>ly to test a principle.
Mr. BENTON oWmd that the statement used
in h.s a-guinent w as on abstract made by himself
ot the mop- enl irired ai.J gr nerol "titements of
I the engineer department. An abstract, however,
had come in that morning, containing all the in-
formation embodied in the larger statements, and
it could be printed so as to be on the tables of
members by twelve o'clock to-moriow. He saw
no reason w hy the debate could not go on.
Mr. SHCPLEY then addressed the Senate in
a speech of some length, in opposition to Mr.
Preston's amendment, showing: the exposed
state of Maine to hostile attaeks, the impoitance
of hei commcicial and navigating interests, and
the necessity of affording them adequate pio-
tection.
Mr BENTON (after Mr. Sheplet had con-
cluded) said tint if it was the pleasure of the
Senate to order the printing of the papers, he had
ascertained that the printing could be done by
Monday next
The bill was then laid on the table.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he should call
it up the first thing after the transaction of the
morning's business on Monday
Aftei the consideration of cxicutive business,
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, feí  uary 25, 1^36
The House resumed the unfinished business
of the morning hour of yesterday, being the sub-
ject of the contested election from North Car-
olina.
Mr. BOYD having moved to make the report
of the Committee on Elections the special order
for Wednesday next; and,
Mr W. B. bHEPARD having proposed to
extend the time to three weeks,
Mr. HARD moved to recommit the report to
the same committee, with instructions to give
time, for the purpose of taking further evidence,
until the 1st of April next
The SPEAKER decided that the motion to
postpone the report had precedence of the one
to recommit.
Mr. BELL resumed the remirks w hich he com-
menced yesteiday. When he rose yesterday, he
did not rise to aigue the propriety of negativing
the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr
Botd;] he leñ that part of the question to other
gentlemen. His main object was to malve a
question for the decision of the House, which he
considered of the gieatest importance. He al-
luded to the resolution making the appropriation
bills the special order of the day. When the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cambkelkng]
moved to make the New York fire bill the order of
the day for a certain day, he must say that al-
though he was favorable to the speedy passage of
that bill, still, had he been in his place at that time,
he must have objected to its being made the special
order. He would have felt it his duty to object to
it, as he now felt it his duty to object to making
this contested election the order of the day for
Wednesuay next, because he believed it to be a
violation of the rules and orders of the House.
On the 27th of January last, the House came to
the resolution that each succeeding day, except
Friday and Saturday, should be set apait for the
consideration of the appiopriation bills. That
resolution was adopted by a vote of two thuds,
and he yielded respectfully, though reluctantly,
to the decision of the House. When the subject
of another resolution was under consideration,
the tight construction was put upon that resolu-
tion, which was, that it was precisely the same as
the rules of the House. Although that was the
right construction, he begged have to show that
that was not the construction put upon them
by the House; they considered them in the
light of standing orders of the House, for the
execution of which any one member was entitled
to call for. By that constiuction the oiders
| might be changed as often as gentlemen thought
proper. He thought he could demonstrate this.
After one hour should have elapsed, a motion might
be made that the House proceed to the order of
the day, and the question shall be put, " Will the
House proceed to the orders of the day'" What
then were the oideis of the day' It was to take up
the business on the Spcakei 's table and dispose
of it; bills from the Senate were to be read, en-
grossed bills   read,   "xecu'ue   communications
fresented. Then you arrive at the special order,
f any business was made the special oi der, it was
of course the understanding that it was to be after
tlie morning hour. It was the order of the day
from that hour. When the hour m rived, it was
the practice of the Chair, heretofore, to put the
question, " Will the House proceed to the oideis
of the day ?" This was in compliance with the
43d rule of the House. But with regaid to the
resolution of the 27th of January, the Speaker
had felt it his duty not to inquire of the Houise,
whether it would go to the spce'ial ordei, but had
said that the hour had armed tor proceeding to
the special order of the diy This mikes it a
special order, which the Sptaker feels bound to
obey. If that was conceded, any member might
rise in his place, and call for the execution of that
order, and the Chair would be out of order not to
execute it. It was the standing order by the con-
struction placed upon it by the Chair itself. He
liad submitted to the decision of the Chair, bat, as
he had said before, reluctantly. Wc know thut u
resolution pending of great interest to the country
was cut off by the operation of it, and on a late
occasion, the Chair was under the necessity of
asking the consent of the House to proceed to put
some bills lying on the Speaker's table toa third
reading; that had to be done from the necessity of
the case. The House found that it had passed a
resolution which would cut off its oidinary busi-
ness. Well, on the first day that this was done,
there happened to come up a bill in relation to exec-
utive patronage, which excited considerable dis-
cussion, and consumed the whole of the day. On
the next morning the Chair did not ask the con-
sent of the House, but announced the orders oí
the day. A gentleman from Ohio asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to have those bills
road and disposed of which would not excite
debate; which was agreed to. Mr B. said, he
had gone into the explanation to show, by the con-
struction given the resolution by the Chair and
the House, that the orders could not be set aside
t but by unanimous consent; however, he did not
mean to interpose his veto. Whatever might
have been the motives of gentlemen for adopting
the resolution, he would not pretend to say; but
he called upon them to look at their Journal, and
S"e the inconsistencies and contiadictory orders
with which it was filled. Did any gentleman
know, when he arrived at the Housp in the morn-
ing, what business would be taken up' The
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cambrelevg,]
I  on yesterday, instead of calling on the House to
proceed to the considerauon of the appropriation
bills, intimated that he desired the House to take
up another subject. Again, a motion was pend-
ing to make the North Carolina contested election
the special order for Wednesday next. That
motion came from one of the majority in the
House, with whom would rest the icspons,ibility
of the measure.
Mr. CAMBRELENG rose to make a buef
explanation. After the New York fiie bill had
been ordered to a third reading, he had asked the
House to go into Committee of the Whole on
bills which he did not think would have occupied
more than five minutes'time. He would say,
however, for the future, that he would relinquish
all other measures for the purpose of getting
il thiough with the appropriation bills.
II       Mr. BELL was glad to hear the annunciation.
Then we should not make the question of the
contested election the order of the day for Wednes-
day next. But he wished to make a further
appeal to the House. It had been seen that the
order of the 27th January was unnecessary Gen-
tlemen had seen that of the twenty days which
had expired since that order took effect, not one
half of the time had been appropriated to the con-
sideration of the appropriation bills. He hoped
the House would do the justice to rescind that
order, and then, if they chose to make the ques-
tion of the North Carolina contested election the
special order of the day for a day certain, he would
agree to it. He called upon the honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Masou,] who had
introduced that resolution, and had enforced its
passage by an appeal to the message of the Prt s-
I ident, to unite with him in his efforts to unshackle
the freedom of debate; he called upon him in the
spirit of liberality to  give   him  his aid.    The
