208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26.
tnent for the year 1835; which was laid on the ]
table and ordered to be printed                                I
III. A letter from the Secretary of Wai, trans-
mitting a repoit fiom the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, pursuant to a resolution ot the 17th De-
cember, which was laid on the tabic and ordered
to be printed.
SENATE BILLS READ.
The following bills from the Señale were, by
consent, read twice and committed
A bill to di\ ide the Green Bay land district, in
Michigan Territory, and for other purposes,        I
A bill to impro\ e the na-\ igation of the Wabash I
n\er,
A bill to confirm the title of the heirs of M. de
la Carrera to a tract of land,
A bill for the rtlief of the heirs of General Wil- i
ham Eaton,
A bill for the relief of A. D  Ostrander,
A bill to authorize the Atclnfalaya Railroad
and Banking Company to locate a road through
the public lands;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
SLiitatnes of Henry Eckford, deceased, and
A bill for the relief of William Hogan, admin-
istrator of Michael Hogan, deceased.
LIMITATION OF THE TERM OF OFFICE.
Mr PATTON moved that the House proceed
to dispose of the bill on the Speaker's table from
the Senate, repealing the first and second sections
of the act to limit the term of office of certain offi-
cers therein named, and for other pui poses.
Mr P. asked for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and the question on taking up the
bill was decided in the affirmative—yeas 104,
nays 104, the Speaker voting in the affirmative,
making the yeas 105.
\ E \S—Me*«rs Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Ashle\ Bailey, Banks, Barton, Bell, Boon, Bo-den, Boul
din, Bnggs, Bunch, Bond, John Calhoon, William B Cal-
houn, Campbell, Carter, GcorgeChambers, John Chambers,
Najianiel II Claiborne, Clark, Corwin, Crane, Curbing,
Deb-rn, Denny, Dicker on, Dickson, Dunlap,Evins, Ev-
erett, Forester, French, Philo C Fuller, Rice Garland,
Graham, Granger, Grenaell, Griffin, Hiland Hall, Ham
mond, Hard, Hardin, Harlan, Harper, Albert G Harrison,
Hazelnne, Heister, Ho*r, Howard, Howell, Huntsman,
Ingersol!, Janes, Jenifer, Richard M Johnson, Cave John
son. Htnr> Johnson, Lawler, Lawrence, Lay, Luke Lea,
Lincoln, Love, Ljon, John Y Mason, Sampson Mason,
Maurj, Mctarty, McComas, McKay, McKennan, McKun,
McLeue, Mercer, MiUigan, Morris, Parker, Patton, James
A Pcirce, PetUgrew, Peyton, Phelps, Phillip^, Pickens,
Reed,Readier,Robertson, Russell, Augustine II Shepperd,
Shields, Sloans, Spanker, btandefer, Storer, Talialerro,
\V iddy Thompson, Underwood, Vinton, Washington,
White, Whittlesey, Lewi. Williams, Sherrod Williams, and
IViee—104
IV \ Y  — Messrs Ash, Bean, Beard«ley, Beaumont,
Boekef, Bovee, Boyd, Brown, Buchanan, Burns, Cambrc
l"iig, ( an, Casej, Chaney, Chapman, Chapín,Coles, Con-
nor, Cm  Cramer, Cu^hman, Davis, Doubledav, Effner,
Fairfield, Farlm, Fry, William K Fuller, Guibraitli, James
G uiand, Gillct, Glascock, Grantland, Haley, Joseph Hall,
Knicr, Hannegan,Samuels Harrison,Hawkins,Haynus,
llol-ej, Hubtey, Ingham, William Jackson, Jabez Jackson,
Jar\H, Joseph Johnson, John W Jone«, Benjamin Jones,
Ind^on konnon, Kilgore, Kinnnrd, Klingen-mith, Lane,
Lin iiu, Gideo i Lee, Joshua Lee,Tilomas Lee, Leonard,
Logan, Loj.ill, Abijah Mann, Job Mann, Martin, William
Mi-on, Mo eiMa'on. May, McKeon, Miller, Montgomery,
Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Park , Patter-
so i. Diuee J Pcaree, Franklm Pierce, John Revnolds, Jo-
seph Reynolds, Roane, Schenck, Seymour, Shinn, Sickles,
bimih, Sprague, Sutherland,Taj lor, Thomas, John Thorn
son.TiiH ?\ Townf,Tumll,Vanderpoel, WTagener,Ward,
Warduell, Webster, and Weeks—104
Mr. PATTON remarked, that in moving to
adjourn when the subject was last before the
House, lus object was not so much to address
the House, as to arrest what he considered an
mi.lt.vant discussion upon a simple question of
commitroent^a question not involving the merits
of the bill, nor the consistency or inconsistency
of paities or men heretofore. In order, however,
that his motives and views might not be misun-
derstood, he would remark, that he entertained
strong prepossessions against this bill.
The CHAIR reminded the gentleman that the
merits of the bill could not be discussed upon the
pending motions; and that the range which the
debate had taken on a former day would not be
furthe- permuted.
Mr. PATTON resumed : He did not intend to
discuss the merits of the bill at this time. He had
merely desired to say that his prepossessions were
against the bill, which might be changed by circum-
*tanco<?.  He had a few words to say in reference to
what committee the subject ought to be referred.
In doing th.s, it was necessary that he should
advert to the character of the bill It was a
measure of vast magnitude, involving serious and
important fundamental punciples. It involved
not only the question of constitutionality, but the
expediency, of the power of removal from office
by the President of the United States—questions
which had excited and agitated the country as
much as any others which had ever been brought
before it It was n bill which ought to receive
the most solemn, deliberate, and thorough exam-
ination possible. Could it be so well examined
by a committee which had already before it a vast
burden of important business, as by a select com-
mittee raised for the special purpose' There
could be but one response to the inquiry. Sup-
posing everything else out of the way, was there
anything appropriate or apposite in referring this
subject to the Committee on the Judiciary > It
was absolutely amazing to hear gentlemen con-
tend, as had been done there, that this subject
came within the functions of the Judiciary Com-
mittee by the express terms of the rule If the
ground assumed should be sustained, that com-
mittee would draw within the vortex of its duties
nine tenths of the business which came before the
House. Without desiring to detract in the least
fiom the eulogiums which had been made upon
the Committee on the Judiciary for their intelli-
gence and legal attainments, he denied that there
was anything in the character of the committee
or the materials of which it was composed which
befitted them more than others to examine this
question of constitutional law, or any other ques-
tion. The subject was one which, from its broad
character^ did not peculiarly belong to any com-
mittee of the House. There was a special reason
for not sending it to the Judiciary Committee,
which, he repeated, was burdened with a mass
of business greater than any other committee of
the House, and could not, consequently, act on
the subject as speedily as a select committee It
was desirable that the question should be disposed
of one way or the other, in order that the country
might decide upon the course of the Senate and
this branch of Congress. He should, therefore,
vote to commit the bill to a select committee, not
only as an appropriate reference, but with the
view of insuring a speedy examination of the im-
portant subjects connected with it.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to commit the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. There could be nothing gained by re-
ferring the bill to a select committee. A report
from such a committee, one way or another, was
a matter of no consequence. By the adoption of
his motion, an opportunity would be afforded to
discuss the subject in the most free and ample
manner. It Ought to be so discussed. It was in
this mode that gentlemen of all parties, and of no
party, (if any such there were,) would have
every facility for a full discussion.
The question was then taken on the last mo-
tion, and decided in the affirmative, without a
count.
So the bill was committed to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
NEW YORK RELIEF BILL.
On motion by Mr C AMBRELENG, the House
then took up, for a third reading, the engrossed
bill from the Senate, as amended by the House,
for the relief of the sufferers by the fire in the
city of New York.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, addressed the
House, at great length, in opposition to the whole
bill, and reviewed the various arguments and pre-
cedents that had been urged and adduced in its
support.
Before Mr. P. had concluded, he gave way to
Mr. JOHNSON, of Virginia, on whose motion
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 26,1836.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Donelson, his Private
Secretary, transmitting a report from the Secre-
tary of State, complying, as far as practicable,
with the resolution of the Senate of tha 16th
instant, asking information ns to the number of
claims under the French treaty which have been
rejected by the Board of Commissioners, with
the reasons for such reaction ; and, on motion
by Mr. Grundy, it was ordered to be printed.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
War Department, containing a list of the clerks
employed in that Department, with the compen-
sation paid to each, for the y< ar 1830.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, leave was granted
to Lieutenant Colonel Erwin, to withdraw his
petition and papers.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolutions,
which were considered and agieed to-
Resolie/, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency ot making an
appropnauon lor extinguishing tin Indian (ules to lamb
in the vicinity ol Green Bay, to thost north of tht WVcon
sin, *vnd the reservation 01 toe low a rtver, m the county
of Des Moines, ill in the Terntoiv 01 Michigan, also, that
the Secretar) of War be instruct!, d to turni^h to Congress
any imormatton in the War Department touching the c
bUbject-!, atao, that the Secreta!y of VVi he m-titicted to
repoit to the Senate any lntoinntinn in the War Depart
ment, showing the number ot the Wrmnebago Indians now
living on lands ceded to the United States in that part of
the 1'erritoiy of Michigan between Laicc Michigan and the
Mi.t>i-.<-ippi aver, the exp diency ot then removal to the
country provided for them we-tof that river, the best mode
of effecting it, and the probable co^t
Mr EWING, of Illinois, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, which lies on the table one day:
Rcsolvrf, That the Commute-' on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency ot establishing ports oí entry
at the towns of Chicago and Alton, in the Statt. of Illinois
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mi DWIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom the petition on the subject had
been íeferred, reported a bill for the relief of
Joshua Hatten and others, and the owner, officers,
and crew of the schooner Joseph, which was read
and referred to a second reading.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
On motion by Mr. HENDRICKS, the bill for
the continuation of the Cumberland road in Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri was taken up;
and, after some remarks from Messrs CLAY
and TIPTON,
Mr CLAY moved to amend the bill by re-
ducing the appropriations to the amount made in
the bill of the last session. Tim amendment
reduces the appropriation from $670,000 to
$300,000.
This motion was supported by Messrs. CLAY,
CRITTENDEN, and DAVIS, and opposed by
Messrs. TIPTON, HENDRICKS, ROBINSON,
EWING, BUCHANAN, LINN, BENTON,
and NILES, but, before taking any question,
The Senate adjourned over to Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 26, 1836.
Mr EVERETT, (by consent,) from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, reported a bill to ex-
tend the western boundary of the State of Mis-
souri to the Missouri river; which was read
twice, and its further consideration postponed
until Tuesday week.
Mr. WHITTLESEY moved to suspend the
rules, for the purpose of enabling the standing
committees to report; which was negatived—ayes
75, noes 48, two thirds being necessary.
Mr. LANE moved to suspend the rules for
one hour, for the purpose of calling the States for
petitions; which was negatived without a count.
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee of Elections on the con-
tested election from North Carolina.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be, first,
on making the report the special order for Wed-
nesday next, the motion of Mr. W. B. Shepard
being understood by the Chair to have been with-
drawn.
Mr. SHEPARD reminded the Chair that he
had not withdrawn his motion, although he had
intimated an intention of so doing.
The CHAIR said that the Journal so stated;
and it was also his own impression that the gen-
tleman had withdrawn his motion. The Journal
could, however, be corrected.
