THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
BY BLUR fc RIVES.
Fi  t Sstuox, 04tu Cohcuii.
WEEKLY.
MOXÜU, MVUCH 14, 1p3G.
Volvme 3....No. 14.
SB-
Mr W B SHEPARDsaid.whenhemadethe
mon in to postpone the subject for three week*,
he did so became the Chair was about to put the
fwstmn on the motion of the gentleman from
[entuekv, (Mr Botts] to make it the order of
the day for Wednesday next. He felt sensible that
K was impossible in that short spare of time for gen-
tlemen to fire the documents that careful exam-
ination which ther required to eome to a correct
decision. Every gentleman muet be familiar with
tne difficult? of examining into such a matter
He had, however, since learned from his col-
league, the anting; member, that his motion had,
in some decree, interfered with the disposition
which was intended to be made of the matter It
appeared that a gentleman from the Committee
of Elections had made a proposition, which he
mderstood to come from the minority of that
committee, that the subject should be recommitted
to that committee for the purposeof taking further
testimony in the ease He therefore intended
to withdraw his proposition to postpone forthree
weeks, but he did so with the distinct understand-
rag that the stttin  member should be permitted
t  procure all the testimony necessary, and have
his ciTims to his seat clearly stated before the
House came to act upon it He hoped the House
would send the matter back to the committee,
and give the situn* member time to make out h s
«ase as fully a* possible: and there wa  nothing
inconsistent in giving the subject that direction
He confessed he was mortified to hear his col-
league [Mr Brvrn] say, that the sitting mem-
ber had misrepresented his district on that floor.
Did he mean that the sittin; member was wast-
ing the time of the House in unprofitable discus-
won, which served only to fill the columns of a
filthy newspaper  If his colleague meant to sav
that when a gentleman came to the House of
Representatives by the rote of a majority of the
people of his district, and attested by the proper
officers, that that man misrepresented hia con-
súmenla, be thanked God that he misrepresented
hi* in the same way. How did the sitting mem-
ber come tiiere ! He came with the certificate of
election from the proper officers. Then, if you
refuse, 10 pre him an opportunity to show that
be is ecutkd to his seat, you stamp the chorre of
falsehood upon the returning officers. Mr. S.
saiJ, he had made these remarks with no under-
standing with the sitting member, or with the
member* of the Committee of Elections. He did
not know the nature 0/ their report, and he had
not the facility of inteikct of his colleague, (Mr.
BrHVM,] to enable him tojumpto conclusions with-
out examination. He was willing the characters
of gentlemen there should ctand unimpeached
until they were proved to be otherwise. He did
cot know the nature either of the majority or
minority report, and he would not expresa an
opinion in the ease until he could examine it. He
■either knew nor cared who they said vns entitled
to the eeatjall he asked was, that the House would
not prejudge it before the necessary testimony
could be pro-ured. If the House took up this
matter at an early day, it would deny the right of
being heard toa large and respectable district of
North Carolina, and on this subject they ought to
hear everything. His colleague [Mr. Btkum]
had told them that the present subject had been
before the House fur four months. The House
had not yet been in session four months; and
during thf time it had ken in session, the subject
was before the Commute, of Elections; and how
could any one there hate ascertained anything
of the matter, except by going before the com-
mittee - And that would not haie Ijeen the par-
liamentary course. It  as utterly impossible to
get the facts of the ease, except by having time
to examine it.
Mr BYNL'M said he sincerely regretted the
coarse he perceived the discussion was likely to
take. His honorable friend and colleague, [Mr
W. B. Shepakd,) a day or two since, expressed
surprise and regn t at the course taken in relation I
14
to this matter He must confess that that gen-
tleman entertained no more surprise and regret
at the course he (Mr B > was «bout to pursue,
than he fi It nt the cour&e and proposition which
that gentleman himself had made. He then
thought, and he still thought, that upon that oc-
casion gi utlt nit 11 had mmnksled extraordinary
and unnecessary sensibility A "entl mm who
spoke the other day, and his colleague who hail
just addressed the House, had expressed their
astonishment at a statement which he had made,
wishing a speedy termination of that question
He thought they had done him a little injustice
in supposing that he was actuated by any mo-
tive less honorable and patriotic than themselves.
Thev had also done him injustice—no doubt un-
intentionally—in misrepresenting his motives in
respect to bis colleague, the sitting member. He
never intended to be understood as saying that
that gentleman had misrepresented his district.
What he had said was this, that if that ¡gentleman
was not the legitimate Representative on that
floor, the people of that district had been long
enou?h misrepresented. He had not expressed
an opinion, but he again repeated, that if that
gentleman was not entitled to a seat on that floor,
Be had been long enough there. He agreed most
fully with his colleague when he said they should
not act until they had all the lights in the case
which could be had, and until the documenta were
published and laid before the House. He should
be thi last man to urge the matter, until the doc-
uments were printed and laid upon the table of
every member of the House. He again repeated,
that he was astonished at the remarks of his
friend on the right, (Mr. A. H. Shefperd,] and
his colleague on the left, [Mr. W. B. Shefaud,]
when they endeavored to impeach him of having
brought a charge against the sitting member.
The simple statement was, that if he was not the
legitimate Representative, there had been a suffi-
ciency of misrepresentation. He him  If vas not
decided upon the subject; he wanted to have
more light, as well aa the gentleman himself; but,
from what he had understood, if he might be per-
mitted to express an opinion, he was predisposed
to believe that the sitting member was not entitled
to his seat.
The CHAIR remarked that the gentleman was
not in order in entering into the merits of the
question before the main question came np.
Mr. BVNUM said he should endeavor to con-
fine himself to the question before the House.
He did believe that the motion of his colleague
(Mr. W. B. Shepard] went to postpone the ques-
tion longer than was absolutely necessary to have
the House placed in possession of all the inform-
ation necessary. For that reason he had opposed
that motion and still opposed it. He had been
informed by tho*e who had conversed with the
printers to the House on the subject, that the
documents would lie printed and laid on the
tables within eifjht or ten days; and they had
also been told that when the documents were laid
on the tables, the whole subject could be investi-
gated in a few hours. Then, where could be the
necessity for postponing the subject three weeks>
The gentleman who had just taken his seat had
made some remarks which he did not distinctly
understand. He supposed a case, and supposed
that if he (Mr. B.) meant to say that the individ-
ual who occupied a seat on that floor did so for
the purpose of filling the filthy columns of a
newspaper, that he had made an erroneous
charge. He did not understand the p  ntleman's
allusion, and should like to be corrertly informed.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD said, the remarks he
had made were general. He had said th,it he did
not exactly understand what his colkague [Mr.
BvnchJ meant when he said the sitting member
misrepresented his constituents on that floor. He
further said, that if his colleague meant that any
individual used his station there to get up useless
discussions and unnecessary squabbles, to fill
the columns of a. newspaper, such an allusion
1 would  make any gentleman feel uneasy in his
seat.
Mr. BYNUM said he would, on all proper oc-
casions, express his opinions; but as to consump-
tion of the time of the House, he believed him
and his colleague were 011 about nn equal footing
He did not say, however, thnt he hud consumid
too much time, for Mr. B. had always heard
him with the greatest pleasure His colleague
seemed to refret that he v. as not posst ssed with
the facility of intellect tojude;e of the present ques-
tion without time. Hcbelmed that after the doc-
uments were printed and laid on the tables, every
gentleman would be possess* d of su fficient facility
of intellect to )udsy of the ease without a post-
ponement of three or four weeks. He believed
that most of the information which would be
brought 111 them, was known now to the majority
of the members of the House. Mr. B. would be
the last man in the House to do an act of injustice
to the sitting member; but while he would not do
that gentleman injustice, he would be unworthy
of maintaining a seat on that floor was he to be
guilty of committing an act of injustice to the gen-
tleman who was petitioning for Ins sent. He was
disposed to do Soth justice. His colleague had
said that Mr. B. had stated that the subject had
been before the House for four months Mr. B.
had remarked that if the motion was made and
earned to postpone for three weeks, then it would
have been before the House between three and
four months. He hoped the House would not
follow the example set them last winter, but that
they would decide upon the subject speedily. In
the case of the Moore and Letcher contested elec-
tion, the documents were much more voluminous,
and yet only one week was allowed for consider-
ing it after the documents were printed. With
regard to his friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Williams,] he had always bad the profoundest
respect for his opinions, and he approved In*
course, apart from his political views ; but it did
appear to him that, to lay that subject on the table,
was rather undignified. He had look* d over the
Journal, and had never seen any disposition made
of the report of a committee but by making it the
order for a particular day. He believed that the
motion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Mi k,] to postpone ltuntil Tuesday week, would
allow ample time to examine the subject, and he
hoped that motion would prevail.
Mr. SHEPARD then withdrew his proposition.
Mr MAiNN, of New York, th< n renewed his
motion to postpone the subject till Tuesday week.
Mr. GRAHAM (the sitting member) begged
to inquire if the pending question was not the mo-
tion of the gentleman from New York, a member
of the Committee on Elections, [Mr. Hard,] to
recommit'
The CHAIR stated that, under the 32d rule,
that motion gave way to the motion to postpone.
The Chair had made the same decision a few day 
ago, and in that opinion, independent of the rule,
upon examination, lie found himself sustained by
the lex parlianuniana.
Mr. GRAHAM was desirous (he said) that the
motion submitted by the gentleman from Nets-
York [Mr. Hard] should be decided by the House
before the question was taken on the postpone-
ment to a given day. It was true, as his colleague
who had just taken his seat had remarked, that
this was an important case; but it was more im-
portant that whenever a cause was about to be
tried, it should be tried impartially, in such a way
as to do justice between the parties, and to give
satisfaction to the district interested in the issue.
That was all he asked,and nothing moi-i ; and to
which he humbly conceived he was entitled. He
would not ask the House to try the cause without
heating the evidence, for he held the House to be
in the situation of judges and jurors. It would
be thought very strange for a judge or juror, about
to go into the investigation of a cause, out of court
or on the bench, before he had heard one word of
the testimony, to express his opinion.    It would
