1836.
Tfiftí CONGRESSIONAL GLOW
215
to the Committee on the District of Columbia,
with instructions, was not in order, and that they
must be referred to the committee raised under |
the resolution of Mr. Pinckney, conformably to
a decision made by the House on the same sub- í
ject on Tuesday last.                                              ,
Mr. PATTON asked the permission of the
House to withdraw the resolutions.                      [
Mr.MASON,of Virginia,askedtheunanimous |
consent of the House to submit a motion that those ¡
resolutions take the usual course of such commu-
nications, by being laid on the table and printed.
Mr. ADAMS objected, on the ground that such
a disposition of these papers would counteract the
decision of the House referring all matters on the
subject of the abolition of slavery to the select
committee thereon;'and he inquired of the Chair
if the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Patton]
could withdraw the papers?
The CHAIR decided that if the objection was
persisted in, the gentleman could not of right
withdraw the resolutions.
Mr. PATTON then moved to suspend the
rules, to enable him to submit the motion to lay
on the table and print.
Pending this question, on motion by Mr.
BRIGGS, the House, at five o'clock, p. m. ad-
journed.          __________________
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, JVfcrrefc 1,1836.                      i
A message was received from the President of |
the United States, by Mr. Donelson his Private |
Secretary, transmitting a report from the Secre-
tary of State, correcting an error recently made
m the report relative to claims under the French
treaty, rejected by the Board of Commissioners.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the |
Treasury Department, made in compliance with I
a resolution of the Senate, adopted two or three i|
years since, containing information collected by i
the Department relative to the improvement of j
steam boilers, and the means of preventing their
bursting;
Also, a report from the same Department, in
answer to the resolution of the Senate of the 24th
ultimo, inquiring what was the balance in the
Treasury on the last day on which that balance
was ascertained. The report shows that the
balance, so far as ascertained, was, on the 20th
September last, $17,885,824; on the 31st Decem-
ber last, «25,731,152; and on the 22d ulttimo,
#27,907,478.
On motion by Mr. EWING of Ohio, the last-
mentioned report was ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
the heirs of Samuel W. Key; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. McKEAN presented the petition of a num-
ber of citizens of Wayne county, Pennsylvania,
fraying for the establishment of a post route from
lonesdale, Pennsylvania, to Goshen, New York;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the petition of James
Nicholson, of Charleston; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE.
Mr. MORRIS presented certain resolutions of
the Legislature of Ohio, on the subject of our late
differences with France.
Mr. M. observed, that although these difficulties
had been amicably adjusted, it wa« a consolatory
reflection, censured as the Executive had been
for his conduct with regard to them, to find that
bis course had been approved of by a vastrnajority
of the people. It was due to the President, due
to the State he represented, and due to the country,
that these resolutions should form a portion of its
history. He therefore moved that the resolutions
be read, printed, and laid on the table, which
motion was adopted.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF OHIO.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which had been referred the bill to
settle and establish the northern boundary line of
Ohio, and a joint resolution on the same subject,
made a report thereon; which was read and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. EWING moved that five thousand addi-
tional copies of the. report be printed for the use
of the Senate.
Mr. BUCHANAN said, that although he con-
curred with the Judiciary Committee, of which
he was a member, in reporting this bill, yet from
one point of the reasoning contained in the report
he felt it to be his duty to express his dissent. He
thought it expedient, under all the circumstances,
to give the territory in dispute to the State of
Ohio, and indemnify Michigan for its loss by
ceding to her a portion of the vast Territory of
Wisconsin. He did not believe, with a majority
of the committee, that the proviso added to the
constitution of Ohio, and the subsequent action
of Congress in admitting that State into the Union,
gave to Ohio any claim, as a matter of right,
whether legal or equitable, to demand from Con-
gress the territory in dispute,any more than that
the law establishing the Territory of Michigan
gives to that State any such right. He held it to
be altogether a question of expediency on both
sides, in which no right whatever was involved.
Mr. CLAYTON said, that the report did not
profess to express the unanimous opinions of the
committee.   Every member of it, however, be- |
lie ves that Congress possessed the right to pass the
bill, and concurs in the expediency of the meas- (
ure.
The printing of the extra copies of the report I
was then ordered.                                                    ,
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day:                              >
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of converting the
arsenal at St. Louis, Missouri, into an arsenal of construc-
tion.                                                                                    ,
NOTICE OF A BILL.                              ,
Mr. ROBINSON gave notice that he would to- i
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief '
of Henry Hall.                                                               1
EAST FLORIDA RAILROAD COMPANY.         i
i
On motion by Mr. KING, of Alabama, the bill
to authorize the East Florida Railroad Company
to locate their road through the territory of the
United States, was taken up; and after some re- i
marks from Messrs. DAVIS, KING, and HEN-
DRICKS, the bill was laid on the table.
THE QUAKER MEMORIAL.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the petition of the Society of Friends of Lancas-
ter, Pennsylvania, for the abolishment of slavery
in the District of Columbia.
Messrs. PRENTISS and PRESTON addressed
the Senate on the subject at considerable length;
after which, on motion by Mr. BUCHANAN,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 1, 1836.
Pending the reading of the Journal yesterday,
Mr. PEYTON moved to amend the same by
adding to the motion of Mr. Mason, of Virginia,
that Mr. Wise " be permitted to proceed in his
speech," (after being called to order,) the words
«' in order."
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, not being at the time
in his seat, some conversation took place between
the CHAIR and Messrs. PEYTON, J. CAL-
HOON, DROMGOOLE, BYNUM, BELL,
MERCER, ASHLEY, BOON, MILLER, and
HOAR, as to the terms of the motion of Mr. MA-
SON; when
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, (having taken his
seat in the House,) rose and remarked, that his
motion was that his colleague " be permitted to
proceed.'' This he conceived to be the usual par-
liamentary form; and he supposed that his col-
league would of course proceed, subject to the re- i
straints and rules of order adopted by the Houses
Mr. PEYTON then withdrew his motion to
amend the Journal in this particular, and proposed
to strike out the words, " in his speech, so as to
make it conform to the motion of Mr. Mason, as
Stated by that gentleman; which, after some
further remarks by Messrs. PARKER, PEY-
TON, ADAMS, and MANN of New York, was
arrrccd to.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to suspend, the rules for
the purpose of calling for petitions from the
States not called yesterday; which was agreed to.
Petitions and memorials were then presented
by Messrs. COLES, JOHNSON, LUCAS, and
WISE of Virginia.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
_Mr. WISE presented a memorial from an indi-
vidual named John A. Smith, who represented
himself to be a resident of the District of Colum-
bia, protesting against the course of the northern
Abolitionists in a legal and constitutional argu-
ment of some length, and insisting that all aboli-
tion petitions should be forthwith rejected.
Mr. W. moved that this paper be referred tr>
the select committee raised on the subject, with
instructions to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That Congress has no constitutional power to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, or in the Terri-
tories of the United States.
The CHAIR decided that, on the construction
given by the House to its own order, the motion
of the gentleman from Virginia in reference to
the instructions was not in order. He considered
the question involved the same principles before 
acted upon by the House.
Mr. WISE took an appeal from the decision
of the Chair, on the ground that the resolution of
Mr. Piucknet embraced "every paper," and
Mr. W.'s motion being written, was embraced
in that order. It was as much a " paper" a 
the resolutions and acts of the Virginia Legisla-
ture; and he contended that everything within
the vortex of abolition must go to the select
committee on that subject. He called upon the
House to act consistently, and not to send one
set of papers to that committee, and refuse to send
another. If the House did refuse to send these
instructions, it would act inconsistently.
Mr. W. assured the House that the memorial
was a bona fide one, and that he had been re-
quested, in a letter from the memorialist, whom
he knew not, to present it. Mr. W. then read
the letter.
Mr. LANE said that something like six week 
had been expended in the presentation and con-
sideration of memorials and resolutions on the
subject of abolition from the North, to the entire
exclusion of all petitions and memorials from
the western States and Territories. Having, after
this protracted period, passed Mason and Dixon's
line, it was fondly hoped no further delay would
have occurred from this all exciting subject. In
this it seems we are mistaken. The firebrands
of abolition seem to thicken around us from the
South, and threaten equal, if not more, delay.
To avert this storm, and to enable the people of
the West to be heard in this House, ht would
move the previous question.
I     The previous question was seconded.
Tellers being appointed, there were—ayes 98,
noes 63.
The main question was then ordered to be put
without a count; and, on Mr. Wise'* motion,
the memorial, resolution, &o,, were read at length,
from the Clerk's table.
Mr. CHAPÍN then asked for the yeas and
nays on the main question; which were ordered.
The main question, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
was about to be propounded; when
Mr. ASHLEY asked if the motion to lay the
memorial and the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia on the table would be in order?
The CHAIR, after a few words from Messrs.
CRAIG, WISE, and ADAMS, decided that,
under the order of the House, viz: the adoption
of Mr. Pincenev's resolution, the motion would
not be in order.
The main question was then taken; and the
vote was—yeas 163, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, Anthony,
Ash, Ashlev, Bailey, Banks, Barton, Bean, Beardsley,
Beaumont, Bockee, Bond, Boon, Borden, Bovee, Boyd,
Bnggs, Brown, Buchanan, Bynmn, Cambreleng, Carr,
Casey, George Chambers. Chaney, Chapín, Childs, Clark,
Cleveland, Coffee, Coles, Connor, Corwin, Craig, Cramer,
Crane, Cushmg, Cushman, Darlington, Davis, Deberry,
Denny, Dickerson, Doubleday, Drom oole, Dunlap, Eflher,
Evans, Everett, Fairfield, Farlm, French, Fry, PI '0 c-
Fuller, William K. Fuller, Gatbraith, GiUet, Granger GraM-
land.Graves.Grenrtell, H itev, Joseph Hall, Hiland Hall, Ha-
irier, Hard, Hardin, Harper, Albert G. Harmon, Hawkins,
Ha> nc, Hazoltm , Henderson, Hci-tcr. Hoar, HoNcy, nop-
