%w
T*PJ QQNGRESSIONAL £i*Q&$.
March l,
kin , Howard, Hotvell, Hubley, Hunt. HuBtutfon.H <">£-
m«n. Im^ffli. WiHuun Jackson, J be« Jactaon, !""■«, J«-
íSTleSSTRrtaM M. Johnson, Cave Johnson Ben^'U.
Jone<,Jud¿>u,Kcn¡ic>n, Kilgore, kinnard, hlingen=,mith,
Lane, L-uwn La«ronce. Lay, Gideon Lee Joshua Lee
Thomas bee, Leonard, Lincoln, Logan. Lucas, Abijan
Mann, Job Mann, William Mason, M*es Mason, bampson
Ma-on. Ma\, MoCnm. McKennan. McKeon, .McK-im,
MeLene. Mercer, Miller. MiUigan, Montgomery, Moore,
Mor an, Morns, Mtihlenbers, Owens. Pa e. Parker, Parks,
Patterson, Uwee J. Penree, Phelps, Pott*. Reed, Rencher,
Jolm lle\uoliU. Joseph Re)uold-,Koaue, Ku ell, Selienck,
¡irwiioiir, JVinru^tine II Slirpperd. 31 mi.¡?i<-kle«, Slrnne,
Smith *pin ler,S'rorer. Sutherland. Tailor, Thomas, John
Tnom-Mn.Tmicev.Tarnll. I'nderwoad.V *nderpoeJ,V niton,
\\«rdwell, Webster, Weeio,Le ia tVUUanis.and dlierrod
Williams—163.
VWS—Messrs. Adams, Bell, Bunch. John Oathoon,
William B Palhoun. Campbell, Carter. John Chamber ,
Nathaniel H. Claiborne, James Garland., Mice Garland,
Glascock.Grahaui.Gmjsou.Gnffiii, Hanncgau, Henry Joha-
son, Lanier, Luke L<m,Lo}.i1!,L\oi\, Martin, John Y. Ma-
son. Maun-, McComa ., James A. Pearce, Pettigrew. Peyton,
Phillips, Pickens, Robertson, William B. Shepard, Standb-
ier, Taliaferro, Waddy Thorapeon, Towns, White, and
Wise—a?.
So the House determined that the decision of
the Chair shall stand as the judgment of the
House; and the memorial was consequently re-
ferred to the select committee on the subject of
abolition, but without the instructions.
VIRGINIA RESOLUTIONS ON SLAVERY.
Mr. "WISE then rose to present certain joint
resolutions on the Legislature of Virginia on the
subject of the abolition of slavery, and was pro-
ceeding to read them, when
Mr. BROWN rose to a question of order. He
desired to know whether the rules of the House
had not been suspended merely for the purpose of
presenting memorials and petitions, and whether
those resolutions came under that character?
The CHAIR replied that it liad always been
usual to present joint resolutions of State Legis-
latures when the States were called for petitions
and memorials, and under that rule these resolu-
tions were in order.
Mr. PARKS begged to inquire of the gentle-
man from Virginia whether a similar paper had
not been presented by another member from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Patton] yesterday: And, if it were
the same, he would inquire of the Chair if it was
in order to present the same paper twice ?
The CHAIR replied that it was not in his
power to say whether those resolutions were the
same or not, until they were sent to the Chair for
examination.
Mr. WISE replied that the gentleman from
Maine could not make that point of order until
he knew whether the paper was the same or not,
but he would answer tiie gentleman 's inquiry by
reading the paper itself.
Mr. W. then proceeded with the reading of the
resolutions; and, on concluding, remarked that he
had done his duty by submitting them to the '
House,  but he should not present them to be
earned to the select committee.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs. GARLAND, CLAIBORNE, ROBERT-
SON, TALIAFERRO, MERCER, and MOR-
GAN, of Virginia.
[Mr. Garland, of Virginia, presented the fol-
lowing petitions: of the widowand surviving heirs
of Lieutenant William Lewis, for compensation
for revolutionary services; of the heirs of Quar-
termaster John Moore, for compensation for revo-
lutionary services; of the heirs of Colonel Charles
Lewis, for compensation for revolutionary ser-
vices; of sundry citizens of Albemarle and Flu-
vanna counties, in the State of Virginia, for the
establishment of a mail route from Columbia to
Lynchburg, on a prescribed line.]
Messrs. CONNER, McKAY, BYNUM, and
MONTGOMERY, of North Carolina;
Messrs. GRIFFIN andTHOMPSON.of South
Carolina;
Messrs. GRANTLAND, TOWNES, JACK-
SON, and CLEVELAND, of Georgia.
[Mr. Cleveland presented the petition of
James Wood, of Heard county, Georgia, heir and
administrator upon the estate of Captain Edward
Wood, deceased, praying compensation for revo-
lutionary services; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.]
Mesar . JOHNSON, CHAMBERS, HAR-
LAN, ALLAN, FRENCH, and WHITE, of
Kentucky.
[On motion by Mr. Harlan, the petition of
William MeBride, on the files of the House, was
referred to the Committee on Claims.]
Messrs. DTJNLAP, CARTER. HUNTSMAN,
SHIELDS, and the SPEAKER, of Tennessee.
[Mr. Dtsiip gave notice that on Thursday
week he should ask leave of the House to resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the bill
to amend the act to authorize the State of Ten-
nessee to issue frrants for certain land, &c.l
Messrs. VINTON, BOND, HAMER, PAT-
TERSON, SLOANE, THOMSON, STORER,
WHITTLESEY, JONES, SPANGLER, KIL-
GORE, CRANE, WEBSTER, MeLENE, MA-
SON, KENNON, and CORWIN, of Ohio.
[Mr. Patterson presented six petitions from
the citizens of Huron and Richland counties,
praying for the construction of the harbor of Ver-
milion, m the State of Ohio; also, a petition for
a post route from Norwalk, in Huron county, to
Runners, in Richland county, Ohio.
Mr. Thomson, of Ohio, said he had been
charged with the presentation to this House of
petitions of sundry inhabitants of the State of
Ohio, praying for the abolition of slavery and the
slave trade in the District of Columbia, and signed
by about seven hundred menand about three hun-
dred ladies, as appears by the names; which peti-
tions he moved might be referred to the select
committee raised by the House on that subject.
Mr. Spavgler presented the following memo-
rials: of Levi Chad wick, a soldier of the Rev-
olution,for a land warrant; of Robert Fulton, for
the allowance of a claim; of citizens of Ohio, for
a post route from Fairview, in Guernsey county,
to Eastport, in Tuscarawas county; of citizens of
Ohio, for a post route from Cadiz, in Harrison
county, to Millersburgh, in Holmes county; of
citizens of Ohio, for a post route from Chester-
ville, in Knox county, to Johnsville, in Richland
county; of citizens of Knox county, Ohio, for an
appropriation of money for the erection of a
bridge across the Ohio river at Wheeling; of citi-
zens of Tuscarawas county, Ohio, for the aboli-
tion of slavery and the slave trade in the District
of Columbia.
Mr. Webster presented petitions of sundry
citizens, praying a change in the national road
between Springfield, Ohio, and Richmond, Indi-
ana, with the proceedings of several public meet-
ings; which were laid on the table with the bill
on that subject.
He said he held in his hand a petition signed
by a number of very respectable citizens, on the
subject which had produced so much agitation in
this House. The object of the petitioners Tie
could not better state, than by reading a brief para-
graph from the petition: "That your petitioners
would take no measures for the abolition of
slavery which are not reasonable, and sanctioned
both by the Constitution of our country and the
dictates of an enlightened humanity. They do
not, therefore, ask your honorable body to inter-
fere with the laws which in the several States go
to establish and regulate property in human be-
ings; but as Congress has the exclusive power of
legislation in and over the District of Columbia,
they ask for the exercise of that power totally to
abolish slavery within said District." He said
the petition contained another proposition—the
' abolition of the slave trade. "To such a magni-
tude,"say the petitioners, "has this trad* grown
I under the exclusive legislation of Congress, that,
if the citizens of the District themselves are tobe
believed, the capital of our republic is one of the
greatest slave marts in the world."]
Messrs. JOHNSON and GARLAND, of Lou-
isiana;
Messrs. DA VIS,HANNEGAN,McCARTY,
BOON, CARR, LANE, and KINNARD, of
Indiana.
[Mr. Davis presented the petition of William
Purcell, of Vincennes, for horses lost in the late
war; also,the petition of sundry citizens,praying
the establishment of a post route from Blooming-
ton to Merom, Indiana, in a direction to Vandalia,
Illinois; also, the joint resolution of the Legis-
I lature of Indiana, relative to certain unreclaimed
land on the Wabash river, below Vincennes;
, also, the petition of sundry citizens, praying the
establishment of a post route from Washingtoi.
to EmisoV  Milli, Indiana.
Mr. McCarty presented a memorial from the;
General Assembly of the State of Indiana, asking
a grant of a strip of the public lands along the line
of a contemplated turnpike road from Fort Wayne
to Richmond.
Mr. McC. also presented a memorial from the
same Legislature, asking permission on the par*
of the State to enter, at a reduced price, a portion
of the public lands along the line of a railroad
from a point where the Whitewater canal crosse.
the Cumberland road, hy way of Newcastle anc
Munceytown, to Fort Wayne.
Mr. McC. also presented the petition of Ben
jamin Sayer; praying indemnity for work dow
in the building a bridge on the Cumberland roac
in Indiana; and also the petition of Chening
Madson, praying, in like manner, to be indem
nified for work done by him in the constructioi
of a bridge on the* Cumberland road.
Mr. Lvne presented the petition of J. Thrasii
praying for a pension; the petition of Mr. Leop
a revolutionary soldier, praying to be placed or
the pension roll; the petition of Albert Vander-
veer, of Wayne county, New York, a revolu-
tionary soldier, praying for a pension; the me-
morial of the General Assembly of Indiana, pray-
ing relief for Margaret Nation, an aged and in-
firm woman, having a large family of deaf and
dumb children; a petition for a post route from
Brookville to Versailles, via Sumner; and one
from Napoleon, via Aurora, to Bowlington, Ken-
tucky.
Mr. Kinnarp presented the claims of Joha
Brewer, "yVllliam Jacobs, John J. Smoek, Joha
C. Jacobs', Robert Farnsworth, Elzey Matthews,
Hance Sturgeon, and John L. Dunn, for com-
pensation for horses and other property unavoid-
ably lost by them in an expedition of India,o 
volunteer mounted" riflemen, under command of
Colonel Russell, in Í832; also, the claims on
several other persons for supplies furnished said
troops; which were referred to the Committee of
Claims; also, a'joint resolution of the General
Assembly of Indiana, in favor of an examination
and survey of a route for a railroad from Michi-
gan City, in the State of Indiana, to Charleston,
South Carolina; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals; also, a memorial
in favor of allowing compensation for üorses un-
avoidably lost by.tlje United States, rangers in the
public service; wTiich was referred to the Con\-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. Carr presented a,memonal and joint reso-
lution from the General Assembly of the State oX
Indiana, on the subject of granting a bounty of
land to the organized militja-men and rangers
who so successfully protected the frontier durfiig
the late war with Great Britain; which, on his?
motion, was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.]
Mr. DICKSON, of Mississippi;
Messrs. CASEY/MAY, and REYNOLDS, of
Illinois.
[Mr. Reynolds presented the claim of widow
Bowman, of St. Clair county, Illinois, for a pen-
sion, on account of her husband, a lieutenant,
being killed in battle by; the hostile Indians in the;
year 1832; also, a petition for a post route froiri
Frankfort by Brownsville, to Gill's Perry, in the
State of Illinois, and thence to Jackson, in Mis-
souri; also, the claim of E. Wise, of Randolph
county, Illinois, for a horse lost in the late dis-
turbance with the Indians in the year 1832; the
claim of Harry Welton, for horses and a wagoj 
lost in the Black Hawk war in 1832; and «Í**
petition of General Willis Hargrow, of Galla|in
county, Illinois. This petition states that Gen-
eral Hargrow now receives a pension, and that
he received the wound for which he has now the
benefit of the pension some time before he made
application for his pension, and that he incurred
expenses in his affliction Which he paid ouf. of
his own funds; and now prays Congress tp place
him on the pension roll from the tune he was
disabled from attending to his ordinary business,
and to refund the amount of money paid to physi-
cians and others to effect his cure.
Mr. May presented ft petition for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Indianapolis, in the
State of Indiana, to Peoria, in Illinoifi; also, a
