£]&
TM Jt NaHKS8t0íl51fc $DO&B:*
Maréfí'%
authorizing wcbotfierdlátSpailtoni of sncti tanda  *wiJI give
rejief to eaid exile* in «heir unfortunate «i 4 «mtarrassed
condition.
On motion by Mr. LYON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Aflairs be in-
structed to inquire into Hie expediency of repealing so much
of an act, approved May 29, 1830, entitled "An act to relin-
quish the reversionary interest of the United States in cer-
tain Indian reservations, in the State of Alabama," as re-
quires as a condition to such relinquishment that George
Stiggins, with his family, shall remove west of the Missis-
sippi.                                                     .       ...
Resolved further, That the Eame committee inquire into
the expediency of relinquishing the reversionary interest of
the United State* in the reservation of land claimed and
possessed by Latchheu Duraut, of Alabama.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing by law for the
erecting a court-house and, jail -at Pensacola, in Florida, for
the use of the United States district court.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post OfBee and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route front Dardanelles, by the county
seat of Scott county, to Zebulon, in the county of Pike, in
the Territory of Arkansas.; and, also, for an extension of
the mail route from Batesvillc, in Arkansas, by Clinton, to
Lewisburg.            ,     ,,-,--.-■
On rooiion by Mr. RlLGORE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Eoads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route .from New Richmond, via Knoi-
vilie, to the mouth of BigYellow creek, Ohio.
On motion by Mr. VINTON, it was
Resolved, That the ConunLtto  on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire iuto the. expediency of granting to Ed-
ward Ferguson, of Lawrence count  Ohio, a soldier in the
late war with Great Briiain^midtQ the only child and heir-
at-law of Hosca Ncal, also a soldier in the late war, military
bounty land.
On motion by Mr. MAY, it was
Resolvc/Cy That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Koads be instructed to inquire jhto the expediency of
establishing, a post route from Danville, in Vermilion county,
to Ottawa, Illinois; also, that the same committee inquire
into the expediency of establishing a post route from Dan-
ville, via Decatur," to Springfield, Illinois; also, that the
same committee inquire into the expediency of establishing
a post route from Carrollton, Illinois, via Grafton, to St.
Charles, in Missouri,
On motion by Mr. TOWNS, it Was
Resolved, Tlrat the Committee on the Post OfBee and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expedieucy of
establishing a mail route from Talboton, in the State of I ]
Georgia, by way of Uchee VUlngo, in Marion county, Pond
Town, in Sumpter county, to Amcneus.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Koads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Lumpkin, in Stewart county,
to Starksvide, in Lee county, Georgia.                               ]
On motion by Mr. WHITE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on PuWic Lands he in- ! ¡
structed to inquire into the expediency of making a dona- '
tion of public lands to the Territory of Florida, to enable the !
said Territory to erect a suitable public building for the !
Legislative Council, and foi other public purposes.
On motion by Mr. LYON, it was                        j
Hesolvcd, That the Committee on the Post Office and i
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of '
establishing a pot route from Monticello, in Pike county, '
Alabama, to Ttiskeega, in Macon coun'y.                          !
On motion by Mr. CARTER, it was                  j
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be ¡
instructed to inquire iuto the expediency of placing Jacob
Hedderick, of Jefferson county, Tennessee, a soldier of the !
late war, upon the pensión ron.
On motion by Mr. CARTER, it was                  i
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen- t
srons be instructed to inquire into the propriety of extend-
ing the provisions of the act of Congress of the 7th June,
1832, to Hugh Carter, Sr., of Greene county, Tennessee,
for revolutionary services.                           "                      |
On motion by Mr. HARRISON, of Missouri,
It was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in- '
structed to inquire into the expediency of making a grant
of the public lands, for the purpose of constructing a road >
from Jefferson City, the seat of government for the State of |
Missouri, by the way of Little Rock, the seat of govern-
ment for the Territory of Arkansas, on a direct line from
the point of beginning to where the same would strik thee
Mississippi river.                                                               ,
On motion by Mr. STANDEFER, it was        I
Resoleed, That Ihe Committee on the Post Office and |
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of |
establisimig the following post routes,, to wit: lgt. Fro iTon
Mile Stand,in Rhcacounty,Tcnnessee,passinBüeorgeGot- 1
don's iron works, and from thence through the Grassy Cove,
to George Dawson's,on Cumberland mountain.   2d. From
Pikeville, in Bledsoe county, Tennessee, by Blythe's Ferry,
oft Tennessee river, to David McNare's, on Conassaugn.
3d. From McMinnville, Warren county, Tennessee, by
James Gardner's, Esq., to Dallas, in Hamilton county. > 4th.
From Calhoun, Tennessee, to Walker Court-house, Georgia,
down Chittooga Valley, by Cherokee Court-house, to Jack-
sonville, Alabama.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Michigan, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of passing a law for
the benefit and relief of the citizens of the towns of Fort
Madison, Burlington, Belleview, Dubuque, and Peru, re-
spectively, as passed in the year-----, for the relief and ben-
e$t of the citizens of Galena, on Bean river, Illinois.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire iuto the expediency of
establishing a mail route by Florida Town, Alengrante, Pit-
man's Ferry, to Campbellton, in the Territory of Florida,
and from Mariana to the town of St. Joseph.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Michigan, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the following poet routes: From the Rapids on
the Des Moines river to Burlington; from Richlandtowu to
Burlington; from Mount Pleasant, Michigan Territory,
through Burlington, to Macomb, Illinois ; from Burlington
to Monmouth, Illinois; atso, from Dubuque, via the Maco-
queta and the settlement on Turks, to Cassville, and thence
through the county of Iowa, via Blue Mounds or Wiota, to
Milwaukie bay; from Galena, Illinois, via Snwnawa post
office and Gibraltar, Cassville and Prairie du Chien, to Fort
Suelliug; in Crawford county; from Cassvdle to Mineral
Point, to intersect the Galena and Green Bay route ; from
Galena, Illinois, via White Oak Springs and Gratiot's Grove,
to Wiota, and to intersect the route to Milwaukie ; from
Galena, Illinois, to Dubuque.
On motion by Mr. HARRISON, of Missouri,
¡t was
Resoleed, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire iuto the expediency of
establishing the following post routes in the State of Mis-
souri : From Jefferson City, the scat of government, through
tlie seats of justice for the counties of Morgan, Benton,
Polk, and Greene, to the seat of government of the Terri-
tory of Arkansas; from the seat of justice of Greene county,
through the seats of justice of Polk, Benton, Rives, Van
Btireii, and the seats of justice of Pettis and Johnson,
to Jackson; from Booneville, Cooper county, through the
seat of justice in Van Buren; from the seat of justice of
Greene county, through the seats of justice of Pulaski, and
by Massey's ironworks, in Crawford county, to Union, the
seat of justice of Franklin county; from Jefferson City,
through the seats of justice of Gasconade, Crawford, Wash-
ington, and St. Francis counties, to Jackson, the seat of
justice for Cape Girardeau county, twice a week; from
the seat of justice of Stoddard county to Greenville, the
seat of justice for Wayne county; from Potosi, the seat ot'
justice for Wellington county, through the seat of justice
in Ripley county, to Jackson, in Arkansas; from Kaskas-
kia, in Illinois, to St. Genevieve, in Missouri; from St.
Genevieve, through Farmmgton, to Potosi, scat of justice
of Washington county; from tho town of Cape Girardeau
to Commerce, in Scott county; from St. Louis to the scats
of justice of Franklin and Gasconade, to the city of Jeffer-
son, twice a week, in a two-horse post coach; from Jef-
ferson City to Boonvillc, in Cooper county, through the
seats of justice of Saline and Laiayette, to Independence,
the seat of justice of Jackson county, in a four-horse post
coach twice a week; from St. Louis, through the seat- of
justice of St. Charles, Warren, Montgomery, Calloway,
Boone, Howard, Charitan, Carroll, and Ray, to Liberty,
the seat of justice of Clay county, three times a week, in
a four-horse post coach; from Louisiana, Piké county,
through Bowling Green, to Fulton, m Calloway county, in
two horse post coaches; from St. Genevieve,' by Bolivia,
to Fredericktown, the seat of justice of Madison county:
from Jackson, the seat of justice of Cape Girardeau county,
by the town of Cape Girardeau, and t hrough the seat ot
justice of Scott county, to New Madrid, the scat of justice
of New Madrid couuty; from Fulton, the seat of justice
of Calloway county, by the town of Portland, to Mount
Sterling, the scat of justice of Gasconade countv; from
KeyteviHe, the seat of justice of Chauton county, to Grc-
sham Compton's store, on the North Grand rivera and from
thence to Richmond, the seat of justice of Ray county;
from Carrollton, the seat of justice of Carroll county, to
Mr. — Nove's store, on North Grand river, thence to Gre-
slmm Compton's store, on the said rrvcr; from Fulton,
the seat of justice of Calloway county, to Henry Neile's,
at or near Cote San* Desseiu. ia said couuty; from the
city of Jefferson, through the seats of justice of Boone
and Monroe, to Palmyra, in Marion countv; from Fulton,
in Calloway county, to Paris, the seat of justice in Monroe
county; from Palmyra, by St. Francisville. on the Des
Monies river, to Burlington, on the Mississippi river, twice
a week, in a four-horse post coach.
On motion by Mr. KINNARD, it was
Resolve!, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads bj instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the following post routes in the State of In-
diana : From Indianapolis, via Beaver's mills, in Marion
county, Pendleton and Huntsville, in Madison countv, to
Sfrawtown, in the county of Hamilton ; from Strawtown
to Peru, in the county of Miami; from Peru to the county
seat of Fulton ; from Bloomington, in Monroe countv, via
Bale's Bridge, to Salem, in Washington county; from Shel-
Dairvirle,an* L«t«hi>n, tb Frankfort, in Clinton county;
from JacIManaüfi the capital of the State of Indiana,
upon the Cumberland road, to Terre Haute; from Thorn-
town, in Boone county, to Kirk's Cross Roads, in Clinton
county; from Noblesvilie, in the county of Hamilton, to
, Montezuma, in Parke county, via Westfield, liorthfield,
! Lebanon, Jamestown, and Russellville.
' On motion by Mr. JONES, of Michigan, it was
- Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making appro-
priation for the improvement of the crossing at the ferry on
the river Wisconsin, on the military road between Prairie
du Chien and Fort Winnebago, cither by a bridge across
said river or otherwise, as may appear most expedient;
and that the said committee also inquire into the expe-
diency of providing for the construction of a military road
from Milwaukie, on Root river, on Lake Michigan, to the
Mississippi river, in the Territory of Michigan; also, for
the construction of military roads from Fort Des Moines,
through Des Moincs and Dubuque counties, to Cassville
and Prairie du Chien; also for military roads from the Blue
Mound to the nearest navigable point on the Mississippi
river, by the most eligible route from Cassville, to intersect
the military road leading from Prairie du Chien to Fort
Winnebago, and from Cassville to Galena, on the most eli-
gible routes.
The House adjourned.
to Stile-.villein Hendriek countv ; from Martinsville in
Morgan county, by the way of Lyon's nulls, Mooresville
IN SENATE.
Wednbidat, Marth 2, 1836.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Dojjel-
sojr, his Secretary, which was read:
Washington, February 29, 1836.
To the Senate,
and Houee of Representatives of the United State :
t transmit it report of th« Secretary of the State, com-
municating an application from the Charge d'Affaires of Por-
tugal for the passage by Congress of a special act abolishing
discriminating duties upon the cargoes of Portuguese ves-
sels imported into the United States from those parts of the
dominions of Portugal in which no discriminating duties
are charged upon the vessels of the United States or their
cargoes; and providing for a return of the discriminating
duties which have beeu exacted upon the cargoes of Portu-
guese vessels thus circumstanced, since the 13th of April,
1834. I also transmit a copy of the correspondence which
has taken place on the subject between the Department of
State and the Charge d'Affaires of Portugal.
Tile whole matter is suhimtted to the discretion of Con-
gress, with this suggestion, that if an act should be passed,
placing the cargoes of Portuguese vessels coming from cer-
tain parts of the territories of Portugal on the footing of
those imported in vessels of tho United States, or deciding
■ upon the propriety of restoring the duties heretofore levied,
' and the time to which they shall be restored, regard should
be had to tho fact, that the decree of the IStli of April, 1834,
which is made the basis of tho present application, took
effect in the islands of Madeiraand the Azores many months
aftsr its promulgation; and to the more important fact that,
until the first of February instant, an indirect advantage
was allowed by Portugal to importations from Great Britain
over those from other countries, including the United States.
ANDREW JACKSON.
¡ On motion by Mr. KING, of Georgia, the
message «nd documents were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
j                PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. TIPTON presented certain resolutions of
the Legislature of Indiana, asking the establish-
ment of a mail route; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. NAUDAIN presented the petition of the
heirs of Colonel John Hastlett, who was killed
at tho battle of Princeton; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
i              REPORTS FROM C0MMITTEE8.
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the Committee on
Claims, to which had been referred the petition
of the heirs of Nathaniel Cassedy, reported a bill
for their relief; which was read and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. N.,from the same committee, to which
had been referred the petition of Lieutenant John
M. Gilbert, praying remuneration for a horse
lost in the service of the United States, made an
unfavorable report thereon.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Public Lands, to which the subject had been
referred by the resolution of the Senate of the
6th January, reported a bill for the reorganization
of the General Land Office; which was read and
ordered to a second reading.
j Mr. WALL, from the Committee on Military
| Affairs, to which had been referred the bill from
: the House providing for the payment of militia
and volunteer corps called into the service of the
11 United States, reported the same with several
'' amendments; which were read and concurred in;
