llafcr
TftB< WN(*ftÉS8f (m&£ GEOfflT
2*0
and by general consent the Trilf V<?  0 erl «on-,
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, aintf of*
dered to a third reading.
Mr. ROBINSON, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced a bill
for the relief of Henry H. Hall; which was read
twice and referred.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which the subject had been referred,
reported a bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to compromise and settle the claims of
the United States against the Alleghany Bank of
Pennsylvania; which was read and ordered to a
second reading.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The resolutions lying on the table were sever-
ally considered and agreed to.
FRAUDS ON LAND OFFICES.
The joint resolution introduced by Mr. Black,
providing for the payment of the expenses in-
curred in taking testimony in relation to frauds
alleged to have been committed on the public land
offices, was, on motion by Mr. King, of Ala-
bama, referred to the Committee on the Contin-
gent Fund of the Seriate.                                        |
JESSE SMITH.                                 I
The bill from the House for the relief of Jesse
Smith and others was read the first time and
referred.
THE QUAKER MEMORIAL.
The petition Of the Society of Friends of Lan-
caster, Pennsylvania, for the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia, was taken up as the
special order; and, after some remarks at con-
siderable length from Messrs. BUCHANAN,
WALKER, and WHITE,
On motion by Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH, the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.          ',
Wednesday, .March 2, 1836.
Mr. DENNY, by consent, submitted a motion '
to print five thousand extra copies of the report
of the Franklin Institute of Pennsylvania, on the
subject of the explosion of steam boilers, trans- ,
mitted to the House yesterday by the Secretary I
of the Treasury.
The CHAIR said the motion must, under the
rule, lie over one day.
Mr. DENNY moved to suspend the rule, in
order to consider his motion at that time; which
was agreed to—ayes 88, noes 44.
Mr. PARKS said a copy of this report had just
been laid on their tables. No opportunity had
been afforded to examine it, or to ascertain whether
it was of any value, when a motion was made
and pressed to print an extra number of copies.
He was opposed, under the circumstances, to
forcing the motion through the House at this ¡
time.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
to postpone the motion until to-morrow; which
was agreed to—ayes 70, noes 64.
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.    !
The report of the Committee of Elections on
the contested election from North Carolina, came
upas the unfinished business of the morning hour
of yesterday.
The question pending was the amendment of
Mr. Mann, of New York, proposing to make the
report the special order of Tuesday next, instead
of Wednesday, (this day,) as moved by the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. HARD said, with a view to have the •
House extend the usual courtesy tothe petitioner,
and understanding it to be the usual course, he
moved that the petitioner, David Newland, have
a Beat assigned him on the floor of the House, and
that he have leave to address it in his own behalf.
Mr. BYNUM was sorry the gentleman had
made the motion. A similar motion had been
made a few days ago by one of the majority of
the Committee of Elections. That motion was,
that the petitioner have'leave to be heard on the
floor of the House, by himself or by counsel.
As the gentleman representing the minority of
the committee had made the motion in a some-
wliat dirrerenji form, Tie hoped he would accept
an amendment. Mr. B". then moved an amendment
that the petitioner be heard, on the main ques-
tion, by himself or bv counsel.
Mr. HARD said he had consulted both the
majority and minority of the committee in rela-
tion to the suggestion of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Bynum,] and he could not
accept the amendment of that gentleman.
Mr. MANN, of New York, said, by leave of
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. By-
num,] and lus colleague, [Mr. Hard,] he would
submit a motion which he conceived would meet
the views of both those gentlemen. Mr. M. then
moved that the petitioner,,David Newland, have
leave to appear, and also that he have leave to
address the House on the subject of his petition.
Mr. HARD accepted the motion of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Mann.]
Mr. BYNUM did not understand the motion
precisely. If it extended only to the preliminary
question, he must object to it. His object was to
have the petitioner heard on the main question.
Mr. MANN replied that it embraced the hear-
ing of the petitioner himself in every stage of the
question, out not the hearing of him by counsel.
Mr. McKAY said the request of a petitioner,
in the oase of a Contested election, to be heard
by counsel, had never, he believed, been refused,
when asked for. He cited the case from Georgia,
of General Jackson and General Wayne, where
one of the parties, not being a lawyer, was heard
by counsel. He also cited the case of a contested
election from the State of Virginia  where the
petitioner was heard by counsel. He therefore
hoped, if the petitioner was desirous of being
heard by counsel, that he would not be refused
the privilege. He believed such application had
never been refused when asked.
Mr. DAVIS thought the motion should be,
that the petitioner be permitted to address the
House himself on the preliminary question, and
by counsel on the main question, if he desired it.
Mr. HARDIN said he was in the House when
there had befen two cases of contested elections
before it, and h% had never heard eveft an appli-
cation for counsel.    When a man was brought
before the House, charged with having committed
I an offense, then he wouH grant him counsel.
| Such had been the course in the case of General
i Houston.    Here, however, was a member from
I North Carolina, who had been qualified, and was
acting as a member of the House; another person
contests his election; they were to go by the dep-
ositions in the case, and make up their minds
from them, and not from the arguments which
might be made.    They were called upon to settle
a great constitutional question, and the Consti-
tution gave to them the exclusive jurisdiction over
that matter.   They were the judges.   When they
were settling great national principles' growing
out of the election of "members, where was the
1 difference between that and settling great national
principles upon any other subject?   And had it
come to this, that they were to have lawyers
i brought into that House to assist them out in
their deliberations ?   He did not say it as a dispar-
' agement of that class of men, for lie himself was
j one of the profession.   But he would as soon hear
any other set of men speak as that profession;
| because, when they spoke as lawyers, they would
I argue for an hour to distinguish between the south
and southwest side of a hair.    He would ask
I his honorable friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Bynijm,] whether there was not some hundred
1 lawyers on that floor, any of whom might com-
pare with the lawyer who might be brought there
as a counsel for the petitioner; and were they not
disposed  to do  him justice,—strict, full,  and
ample justice?   He recollected that, in the con-
I tested election year before last, each of the parties
i had lawyers to advocate his cause, and he had no
I doubt it would be the case on the present occasion.
He had no doubt, if there were to arise any
difficulty, lawyers enough would be found in the
House to engage on both sides.    Was a lawyer
to be introduced on that floor, because the gentle-
man petitioning was not a lawyer?  He hoped not.
Mr. BROWN begged to make an inquiry be-
fore he voted upon the question.    He wanted to
know if this motion, that the petitioning member
have leave to appear by counsel, was made upon
his aniliorrty"afid,af ms'f%titiest? If such was
the fací nc'snouTdfhardlyfeelh5mself"at,libcrty to
refuse an application so just and reasonable. A
resolution of that kind might be necessary to
place the petitioner upon something like a footing
of equality with the sitting member. There was
no petition for leave to appear by counsel, and it
might be that the gentleman claiming the seat did
not desire any such privilege. He mightbe will-
ing to trust his claims to their own merits, to his
own efforts, and the efforts of such friends as he
might find upon this floor. He therefore begged
the honorable gentleman who made the motion
would furnish the House with this necessary in-
formation.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, said he felt
authorized in saying that, from the foundation of
the Government to the present time, whenever
cither of the parties in a contested election re-
quested to be heard by counsel, it was granted
him. He cited the case from Georgia, of General
Jackson and General Wayne, in which one of
the parties had been heard by counsel. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hardin] had taken
the ground that there were lawyers enough in the
House to advocate the claims of either of the gen-
tlemen.. They ought not to act on the supposi-
tion that one half would go on one side, and the
other half on the other. If a gentleman who is
not blessed with the faculty of debating, wishes
to be placed on an equal footing with the other,
let him have some person to do for him what he
cannot do for himself. Neither ought they to go
upon the ground that every gentleman would read
over the whole of the testimony, and examine
into it; then how could one claimant be on an
equal footing with the other claimant, unless he
be heard by counsel? It might be necessary to
collate the testimony and make a synopsis of the
case; ,then, if counsel be necessary, let it be fur-
nished.
Mr. CONNOR stated that he was authorized
by the petitioner himself to say, he only desired
a seat on the floor to be heard; and that he did
not desire counsel. He therefore hoped his col-
league [Mr. Bynum] would withdraw his motion.
Mr. BYNUM begged leave to set the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Hardin,] who spoke
from memory, right. The cases which he was
about calling attention to were not from memory
He then read the case of a contested election from
New Jersey, in 1789, in which Mr. Madison ad-
I vocatedthe hearing the petitioner by counsel, and
1 the petitioner was heard by counsel. He cited
| another case in 1804, in which a petitioner was
! heard by counsel. He mentioned those as addi-
tional evidence in support of those already men-
| tioned. There were other cases which mightbe
1 enumerated; and in the whole book of elections
i there was not an instance where counsel had been
denied when asked for; and he was sorry to hear
such sentiments come from the gentleman from
Kentucky, who represented afarmingpeople; and
were the farming people not to be heard by coun-
I sel on constitutional questions? It was doing in-
justice to that people to exclude them from having
counsel in that House. He wished to reply to
some remarks which fell from the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. McKennan] the other day.
That gentleman did not know Mr. B., and he
must be permitted to tell that gentleman, when he
became acquainted with him, he would bo among
the last members in that House whom he would
attempt to misrepresent. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania was reported to have said " that it
' was with no little surprise and regret that he
' heard the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
' Bynum] yesterday declare his opinion, that the
' sitting member was not entitled to his seat,
' although no opportunity had been offered for
'the examination of the case." Mr. B. asked
the House and the honorable gentleman if he had
made such declaration ? In reply to some remarks
which had fallen from his two colleagues on that
subject, he did make use of the following words,
as he distinctly recollected: " He himself was not
' decided on the subject; he wanted to have more
«light as well as the gentleman himself; but from
' vliat he had understood, if he might be permitted
'to express an opinion, he was predisposed to
' believe that the sitting member was not entitled
1 to his seat." The gentleman from Pennsylvania
