222
t$& QONQWss&QMti* &hW&
March a,
consideration of the memorial w«s postponed
until Monday next.
HOUSE BILLS.
The following bills from the House were sev-
erally read twice and referred:                  __
A bill authorizing the Secretary of War to
transfer a part of the appropriation for the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities in Florida to the
credit of subsistence;
A bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to act as the agent of the United States in all
matters relating to their stock in the Bank of the
United States; and
A bill to prescribe the mode of paying pensions,
heretofore granted by the United States.
After the consideration of executive business,
The Senate adjourned.                   g
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 3, 1836.
Mr. CHAPÍN, by consent, reported from the
Committee on ReTolutionary Claims, the follow-
ing resolution; which, under the rule, lies over
one day:
Resolved, That the Secretnfy of the Treasury be directed
to cause to be made out and furnished to this House, from
the books and files of the Department, a full and accurate
transcript of the accounts of Silas Ueane, deceased, and
of all agreements, vouchers, and evidences in support of
the same, or relating thereto, which accrued while Mr.
Deane was acting as the commercial and political agent of
the United States in France, or elsewhere, and also while
he was commissioner and embassador at the court of
France ; and subsequently, while he was required to be in
attendance upon the continental Congress, or acting in any
public capacity "for the United State , together with all
statements and evidences of the settlement, adjustment,
liquidation, or payment of such accounts, or any part there-
of; and also all information in the possession of the De-
partment touching the validity and equity of the claims of
the heirs-at-Iaw of Silas Deane, deceased, now pending
before Congress.
On motion by Mr. BOON, the rule was sus-
pended, for the purpose of receiving reports from
committees.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
On motion by Mr. SUTHERLAND, the Com-
mittee on Commerce was discharged from the
further consideration of the bill from the Senate,
making an appropriation for the improvement of
the river Wabash; and, on motion by Mr. Davis,
the same was committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FORESTER, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for tjie relief of Captain
W. H. Bell; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of William Allen; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. BOON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to authorize the Michigan
City and Kankakee Railroad Company to con-
struct a canal through the public lands, and for
other purposes; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. B., from the same committee, reported,
without amendment, the bill from the Senate to
divide the Green Bay land district, and for other
purposes; and the same was committed.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, reported a bill pro-
viding for the survey of certain rivers and roads
therein named; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. HARRISON, of Missouri, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, reported a bill to authorize
the Missouri and Mississippi Railroad Company
to locate and construct a railroad through the
public lands, and for other purposes; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported certain documents from the
War Department rela,ting to Plymouth beach;
which were laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was discharged from the further consideration of
the following bill, and the same was amended,
read a third time, and passed: abill authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to act as the agent of
the United States in all matters relating to their
stock in the Bank of the United States.
Mr. C, from the same committee, reported a
bill authorizing the Secretary of War to transfer
a part of the appropriation for suppressing In-
dian hostilities in Florida, to the credit of sub-
sistence; which was read twice and ordered to be ¡
engrossed and read a third time; and subse-
quently the bill was passed.
Mr. DUNLAP, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill granting to Henry
M. Shreve the right of preemption to eighteen
sections of public land lying on the line of the
great raft on Red river; which was read twice,
and committed.                                                            .
. Mr. CRAIG, from the Committee on Revolu- '
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of William Boyce, de-;
ceased; which was read twice, and committed.
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
was discharged from the further consideration of
the following bill, and the same was read the
third time and passed: A bill to prescribe the
mode of paying pensions heretofore granted by ¡
the United States.
Mr. GALBRAITH, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported the following bills;
which were read twice, and committed:
A bill for the relief of William C. Hazard, of
Rhode Island; and
A bill for the relief of James Bradford, of Lou-
isiana.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported abill providing for the
erection of public hospitals; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. MUHLENBERG, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the
relief of the children and heirs-at-law of John
! Chilton, deceased;  which was read twice and
' committed.
j Mr. FRY, from the Committee on Revolution-
j ary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
i William Farris; which was read twice and com-
i mitted.
I Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on the
j Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of the
i heirs and assignees of Peter Alba, deceased;
j which was read twice and committed.
; Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on Claims,
j reported a bill for the relief of the legal repre-
i sentatives of David Caldwell, deceased; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. LEA, of Tennessee, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for
the relief of Patrick McEwen; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill for the relief
of Benjamin Adams & Co., and others; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. PATTON, from the Committeee on Ter-
ritories, reported a resolution setting apart the
fourth Thursday and Friday of this month for
the consideration of bills and resolutions relating
to the Territories of the United States.
Mr. BELL moved to amend the resolution by
adding the following proviso:
Provided, That before that tune the several appropriation
bills should be disposed of by the House.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he hoped the amend-
ment would be agreed to.
The amendment was concurred in, when the
resolution was rejected.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill to allow such pur-
chasers of public lands in the years 1818 and 1819
as omitted to take the credit allowed by law, the
same relief which has been extended to those who
availed themselves of the credit system; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. CHAPÍN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs-at-law of John D. Treville, deceased;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. KILGORE, from the Committee on Elec-
tions, reported a bill for the relief of Robert P.
Letcher and Thomas P. Moore; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. CRANE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill far the relief of
James WithereU} which was read twice and com-
mit'ed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin H. Mc-
Call; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of Daniel Warner, deceased;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Major William Loughburn; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported the following
bills, which were read twice and committed:
A bill to fix the pay of the officers of the na-
tional armories; and
A bill to provide for the better protection of
the western frontier.
Mr. BEARDSLEY, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill declaring the effect
of judgments in the circuit and district courts of
the United States, and for other purposes; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. ROBERTSON, from the Committee on
I the Judiciary, reported a bill to change the time
of holding the district court of the United States
for the western district of Virginia, holden in
Clarksburg; which wasread twice and committed.
Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee on the Ju-
| diciary, reported a bill for the relief of certain heirs
and representatives of James Wilson, deceased,
late of the city of Alexandria; which was read
, twice and committed.
Mr. THOMAS, from the same committee, re-
|  ported a resolution providing, that the bill to es-
tablish the northern boundary line of the State
'  of Ohio, and to. provide for the admission of the
!j State of Michigan into the Union on certain con-
ditions, be made the special order of the day for
the 15th of the present month.
Mr1. BELL moved the same amendment moved
by him to the resolution reported this morning,
from the Committee on Territories:
Provided, That be<bre that time the several appropriation
bills should be disposed of by the House.
The amendment was agreed to; and on the res-
olution as amended,
Mr. THOMAS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. MERCER inquired of the Chair if tho
motion required a majority of two thirds for its
adoption ?
The CHAIR replied, that inasmuch as its ob-
ject was to change the order of business, and con-
sequently the rules of the House, so far as that
order was concerned, it would require a majority
of two-thirds.
The resolution as amended was rejected—yeas'
124, nays 79; not being two thirds in the affirma-
tive.
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Ash, Ashley, Banks, Barton,
Bean, Beardsley, Bockee, Bond, Borden, Bo vee, Buchanan,
Bunch, Cambreleng, Carr, George Chambers, Cbaney, Cha-
pín, Cótfee, Colea, Coiwin,Craig, Cramer, Crane, Cushing,
Cushman, Darlington, Davis, Denny, Dickerson, Double-
day, Fairfield, Farlin, French, Fry, William K. Fuller, Gal-
braith, James Garland, Gillet, Glascock, Granger, Joseph
Hail, Hamer, Hannegan, Samuel S. Harrison, Albert G. Har-
rison, Hawkins, Haynes, Heister, Holsey, Hopkins, How-
ard, Howell, Hubley, Hunt, Huntington, Huntsman, Jabez
Jackson, Janes, Joseph Johnson, Richard M. Johnson, Cave
Johnson, John W. Jones, Benjamin Jones, Kilgore, Kin-
nard, KUngensmith, Lane, Lansing, Lawler, Joshua Lee,
Thomas Lee, Leonard, Logan, Loyall, Job Mann, Martin,
John Y. Mason, Mo3es Mason, Sampson Mason, William
Mason, May, McCarty, McKennan, McKeon, McKim, Mc-
Lene, Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Owens,
Page, Patterson, Dutee J. Pearce, James A. Pearce, Peyton,
Joseph Reynolds, Roane, Robertson, Schenck, Seymour,
Shields, Shinn, Sickles, Slade, Sloane, Smith, Spaiigler,
Steele, Storer, Sutherland, Taylor, Thoma3, John Thom-
son, Toucey, Towns, Turner, Vanderpoel, Vinton, Ward,
Wardwell, Weeks, and Whittlesey—124.
NAYS—Messis. Heman Allen,Beaumont, Bell, Bouldin,
Boyd, Briggs, Brown, Bynum, John Calhoon, William B.
Calhoun, Campbell, Carter, Casey, John Chambers, Chap-
man, Nathaniel  H.  Claiborne, Clark, Connor, Deberry,
Dickson, Dromgoole, Evans, Everett, Forester, Pililo C.
Fuller, Kicc Garland, Graham, Grautlaiid,Graves, Grayson,
Grenucll, Griffin, Haley, Hardin, Harlan, Harper, Hazel-
tine, Henderson, Ifoar, Ingersoll, William Jackson, Jarvis,
Jenifer, Henry Johnson, Judson,  Lawrence, Lay, Luke
, Lea, Lincoln, Love, Lyon, Aunttb Mann, Maury, McCo-
| mas, McKay, Mercer, Miller, Milhgau, Morris, Parker,
- Parks, Patton, Phelps,   Phillips,   Pickens,   Potts, Reed,
Rencher, John Reynold*, Russell, Augustine H. Shepperd,
i Standcfer, Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson. Turril!, UnJer-
! wood, White, Lewis Williams, ami Slierrod Williani3—79.
