324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
March 4.
RejoJi*<¿, TtiMA 9reiemiytflh rtrmutfbeditrrtei
to cause to be roa* «wt «Bdlirraisbea to tW  House, from
the book  and files of the Department, a fuH and accurate
tramer.pt of the accounts of Silas Dearte, deceased, ami or
all aaeemcMs. vouchers and evidences in support of the
rame or relating thereto, which accrued while Mr. Deane
was actui  as the commercial and political agent of the >
United States in France or elsewhere, aud also while be
was commissioner and embassador at the court ot France,
and. subsequently while he was required to be in attend-
ance upon the continental Coneress.or acting in any public
enpacitv tor the limed States; together with all statements
and ewdences ot the settlement, adjustment, liquidation,
or payment of such accounts, or any part thereof; and also
all information in the possession of the Department, touch-
ing the validitv and equity of the claims of the heirs-atlaw
ot' Sua  Deane, deceased", now pending before Congress.
STATE OF ARKANSAS.
Mr. SEVIER, on leave, presented an ordinance
of the convention lately assembled in Arkansas
for the purpose of forming a State constitution;
which was referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries, and ordered to be printed.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
Mr. HANNEGAN rose, and remarked that he
had seen with regret a settled determination on
the part of the majority of the House to resist
any attempt to expose the abuses of the Military
Academy at West Point. He warned the House
that they could not smother the truth, and that,
one way or another, the facts should be made
known.
Here Mr. H. was loudly called to order both
by the Chair and by several members, and he
moved a suspension of the rule for the purpose
of offering the following resolution, which was
read for information:
RetoheJ, That the report of the select committee ap-
pointed daring the last Congress to investigate the affairs of
the West Point Military Academy, be withdrawn from the
files, and that ten thousand copies thereof be printed.
Mr. H. again rose, and was again called to
order. He said it iras easy to teach a starling to
cry order, but he desired to have the yeas and
nays; which motion he hoped was in order.
The yeas and nays were accordingly ordered. ,
Mr. BROWN begged leave to make an inquiry
of the Chair.
The CHAIR informed the gentleman the ques-
tion was not debatable.
Mr. BROWN said he did not desire to discuss
the question; he only wished to know whether
the report of the select committee, to which the
resolution referred, had ever been received by the
House ?
The CHAIR replied that he could not answer
the question. It was a report made by a com-
mittee at the last Congress.
Mr. WHITTLESEY inquired if the motion
was intended to suspend the rule generally, so
as to set aside the ordinary business of the day ?
Mr. HANNEGAN explained, that his motion
contemplated only an application to the morning
hour.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ash, Bailey, Barton, Beale, Bell,
Boctce, Bond, Boree, Boyd, Buchanan, Bunch, John Cal-
hoon, Cambreleng, Carr, Carter, Casey, John Chambers,
Chaiiey, Chapín, Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Connor, Crane,
Cushing, Cusnmao, Darlington, Davis, Deberry, Dickson,
Doubleday, Dunlap, Effner, Fairfield, Farlin, Forester,
French, Fry. Galbraith, James Garland, Gillet, Granger,
Grantland, Grayson, Grenneli, Griffin, Haley, Hamer, Han-
negan, Samuel S. Harrison, Albert G. Harrison, Hawkins,
Haynes, Holsey, Hubley, Hunt, Hontington, Ingham, Wil-
liam Jackson, Joseph Jackson, Jenifer, Cave Johnson,
Benjamin Jones, Kinaard, Klingensmith, Lawler, Joshua
Lee, Thomas Lee, Luke Lea, Logan, Abijah Mann. Job
Mann, Martin, John Y. Mason, William Mason, Moses
Mason, Sampson Mason, Maury, May, McKay, McKennan,
McKeon, McKim, McLene, Miller, Montgomery, Moore,
Morgan, Muhlenberg, Parker, Parks, Patterson, Phelps,
Potts, Rcncher, John Reynolds, Robertson, Schenck, Au-
gustine H. Shepperd, Shields, Shinn, Sickles, Sloane,
Smith, Spangler, Standsfer, Storer, John Thomson, Ton-
cey. Turner, Wardwell, Weeks.and Lewis Williams—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, Ashley,
Banks, Beardsley, Borden, Briggs, Brown, Bynum, WÜ-
Ham B. Calboun, George Chambers, Chapman, Child ,
Clark, Cleveland, Corwin, Craig, Cramer, Denny, Dicker-
son, Dromgoole, Evans, Everett, Philo C. Fuller, William
K. Fuller, Glascock, Graham, Graves, Hiland Hall, Hard,
Harlan, Harper, Hazeltine, Heister, Hoar,Hopkins,Howard,
Howell, Huntsman, Ingersoil, Janes, Jams, Joseph John-
son, Richard M. Johnson, Henry Johnson, John W.Jones,
Judson, Lane, Lansing, Lawrence, Gideon Lee, Leonard,
Lincoln, Loyall, Lucas, McComas, Mercery Milhgan, Mor-
ris, Owens, Page, Patton, Dutee J. Pearce, Phillips, Pickens,
R«*d, Joseph Reynolds, Roane, Rogers, Russell, WiltiBm B.
Shepard, Sprague, Sutherland, Taliaferro, Tayldr, Towns,
Tnrrill, Underwood, Vanderpoe , Washington, Webster,
Whittlesey, and Sherrod Williams—83.
So the House refused to suspend the rule, two
thirds not voting in the affirmative.
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the report of the Committee of Elections in the
case of the North Carolina contested election.
Mr. HARD, on a former day, made a motion,
(which was modified on the suggestion of Mr.
Mann, of New York,) that the petitioner, David
Newland, have leave to appear, and also to ad-
dress the House on the subject of his petition.
The question pendingwas the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Byxum, that the petitioner be per-
mitted to appear by himself or by counsel.
Mr. BYNUM said, when he made the motion,
he had done so because he understood, in private
conversation, that the petitioner wished counsel;
and also in accordance with the views expressed
by the majority of the Committee of Elections.
His colleague [Mr. Connor] had stated that he
was authorized by the petitioner to state that he
did not wish counsel. Mr. B. had since had a
conversation with the petitioner, and with his col-
league, and had ascertained that the petitioner
had made such declaration; but the reason why
he had done so was, that at that time the peti-
tioner was unconscious that such a request had
ever been asked by any petitioner of the House
of Representatives, and he was unwilling to ask
anything that had not been granted to others
under similar circumstances. Upon mature re-
flection, however, the petitioner had stated to
Mr. B. that he would ask for counsel; ascertain-
ing that it had been the uniform practice of the
House to hear petitioners in such cases by coun-
sel, and that that privilege had been in no one
instance denied when asked. Mr. B. said, in
reciting the case he had the other day of a con-
tested election from New Jersey, in 1789,he had
shown that it was the opinion of Mr. Madison,
Mr. Stone, and various others, that the petitioner
in such cases should have counsel. It appeared
to be admitted by all parties that the petitioner
should be heard oy counsel on the main question,
but it was doubted by some whether he should be
heard on the preliminary question. He had un-
derstood it to be the almost invariable practice in
the BritishParliamenttograntpetitioners in such
cases a hearing by counsel. He had found other
cases in our own country than those already men-
tioned, and in one of those cases the sitting mem-
ber had been allowed counsel; and he had not
discovered a single ease where counsel had been
refused. He took the liberty of dissenting from
the broad ground taken by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Hardin.] That gentleman had
stated that he thought it would be highly impoli-
tic to admit lawyers on that floor to argue the
eases of petitioners, in the case of contested elec-
tions. Mr. B. thought it would be politic to have
counsel. He believed it would be better for each
party to have counsel, and not have members of
the House advocating each individual's claims;
because, in so doing, gentlemen disqualified them-
selves from becoming judges of the matter, which
they were bound to settle. For that reason, he
believed the true policy would be to grant the
petitioner counsel on the main question. The
gentleman had very truly said that there were
enough of distinguished lawyers in the House to
advocate either of the gentlemen's causes; but
he must tell the gentleman that those lawyers
were not going to pay that attention to the case
that one would who was employed expressly for
that purpose. The members of the House were
not going to make that search into the laws of
the State in relation to the matter, which a law-
yer would whose business it was to do so. He
knew from his little experience that the practice
was to give the documents a mere casual perusal.
While up, he could not but express his regret at
the remarks made the other day by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. McKenjjan.] He
did think that the gentleman's statement had mis-
represented his views; and his persisting in it
would justify him (Mr. B ) in using language to-
wards that gentleman that he had too much re-
gard for the dignity of the House to use in its
presence; but he was willing to let the country i
judge between what he had said and the gentle- '
man's statement. He hoped the vote would be
taken on allowing the petitioner counsel, and that
the preliminary question might be at once settled.
Mr. MERCER did not rise to discuss the sub-
ject, but merely to state, in reply to the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Btnum,] that counsel
had not been admitted in such cases into the
British Parliament since the passage of the Gren-
ville act.
Mr. REED said he believed that counsel had
not been admitted into Congress in the case of a
contested election for thirty years past. At the
commencement of the Government, when the
House was small, counsel had been admitted ¡ but
time had become so precious of late years, that
they were not admitted. If they were to admit
counsel, there ought to be good reason for it, and
he did not think there was good reason for such
admission on the present occasion. The matter
had been before a committee of nine members,
whose duty it was to examine into all constitu-
tional and legal questions in relation thereto. They
had, after examining the question, and hearing all
the testimony from the respective parties for the
last three months, made two reports to the House.
After that, was the examination to stop ? No; it
would be still further examined, and there were
enough of members to discuss the subjeet. There
was no difficulty in finding a sufficiency of speak 
ers. There were many lawyers on the floor
competent and willing to discuss any legal mat-
ters which might come before them; but he
found other gentlemen, who were not lawyers,
competent to discuss the present question, and ta
discuss it ably, too; and, therefore, he could no 
see the necessity of introducing lawyers to argue;
the case, and consume the time of the House.
They might as well ask to have lawyers to come
into the House to advocate the cause of the suf-
ferers by the late fire in New York. Those suf-
ferers certainly were as much in need of counsel
as the petitioners, but his principal objection was
to the time that would be wasted. If a lawyer
was to be heard, he would take two days in
making an argument. If the gentleman was not
capable of advo"ating his claim to his seat, he
would find plenty of friends in the House who
would do it for him; and he ventured that no mem-
ber would express an opinion which Would make
him incapable of acting afterwards as a judge in
the case. He objected to it from want of time,
and that it might be the means of introducing
lawyers on the floor on other subjects.
Mr. HARD expressed a hope that the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. BynumI would
withdraw his amendment, and permit the peti-
tioner to take his seat, until this preliminary
question was settled. He could not but think
that the debate had taken a wide and unnecessary
range at this stage.
Mr. GLASCOCK would be very unwilling
himself to adopt, under any circumstances, the,
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
North Carolina, that counsel should be allowed,
even if he could bring himself for a moment to
believe that there was any necessity for it. Inde-
pendent of this, he believed that, unless where
there was an absolute necessity, the precedent
was a dangerous and bad one. But why should
the petitioner wish for counsel, when the report
of the committee was in his favor? Mr. G. did
not look upon the question as amere legal one,
or as involving only a legal question. It was
true, that it depended in a great measure upon
the law of North Carolina, regulating the pro-
ceedings of elections in that State, but the whole
testimony was now introduced, and could it be
for a moment presumed, that individual members
of the House were not fully qualified to decide
upon that evidence? Where, then, could exist
the necessity for the employment of counsel, if
there be no difficult points involved ? Or even if
there %vere difficult points involved, it appeared to
him that it was both prudent and proper for the
House to decide for itself, without the interfer-
ence of counsel. He could not believe that any
difficulties could arise in the discussion of this
question, nor could he be induced to believe that
any individual member of the House would un-
dertake to decide a question of such importance
without making himself perfectly qualified to do
so, by fully informing himself of all the facts upon
