226
Office and Post Knads.and the latter to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
r.EPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Sir. tCNTCIIT, from the C mm it tec o-i M.in-
ufaciures. to which had bce>! icf.'rrecl the politlón
Of sundiy citizens of Philadelphia and Cakimo«v
made a i upon thereon; which, \mhoul a reading,
was oiucred to be printed.              *
Mr. K WING, ol Ohio, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, made an unfavorable report on
the petition of Peter Mooie, and on the petition
of sundry citizens of Eric county, Pennsylvania,
praying for a donation ■ f pa >be lands, on condi-
tion of settling the sanie
Mr. E., from t'ie s une c ' ,.i"i"*ee, also made
an unfa\ora!lr rcpo.t on tl'e m monal of the
Legislature of Alabri.ia, .isl.'re i >r pre-mption
rtarhts fivr settlers on Tmlibe hnds who v.ere dc-
? in ved of tiieir imorovi íu'-nts in consequence of
edian reservations.
, Mr. E. said he ha.] been ■ •"•triictcd ' y the com-
mittee to repnic against the«p rirejm^'ien claims
on the ground that, m the opinion of ihe commit-
tee, the grant of prrvnip-ion v es a mei ■• gratuity,
ami that the pet,tioneis had iio 1 -cal njht what-
ever to the lands they had been deprived of.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, freely admitted that
tlie laws granting preemption rich's cave mere
gratuities, and that too individuals had no legal
right to the land they had been e.Vpnv d of; but
the Government had, in a so i it of wise liberality,
made grants to those mdividu-ls \."ho had settled
<on, mid impnued th" land?, educated t'leir chil-
dn n, and addid to the r st lu -, 'id witi'vioii
of a gi o wing country. These grains were general;
and in pursuance of the Indian ti^aty the indi-
viduals wire deprived of ilit-n :. ipm'.civu'its fo.
the purpose of locating iloau: ; Lidieii rLwiva-
tions. It was extiemcly hard tliatib.se individ-
uals, after having made th< ir rnpr jv. mc-ms, and
believed that they had secuuJ u .li mai lvi_s a
home, should be deprived of il.^.n by ¡li.u.ng
Indian reservations, of winch t'iey i ouU not
possibly have anticipated when thev settled on
their lands. Pie saouid move to lay tac i-poit
on the table; and when it came ui again he hop. d
he should be able to satisfy the Senate, that this
wise gratuity of Congress towards these individ-
uals should not be departed from because they
had unfortunately come under the opera'ion of
circumstances winch were unforeseen and unex-
pected.                                                              ¡
The report was then laid on the ta Jo.
- BILLS INTRODUCED.                  ' '
Mr. TIPTON, in pursaaii'c of noti-e given.
asked and obtaimd leave, and ii'ioduc d a bill
aupplemeutary to the act to provide lor the ex-
change of laud  with the Indian.: r.sidinr; i.i the
several States and Territones, and for uiur re- j
raoval beyond the Mississippi. Tk.s bul was 1
read the first tunc, and by gc.ieial oii&eut read
tho second time, and icfeired to ¡lieComautice on
Indian Afftirs.                                                         |
Mr. WEBSTER, on leave, introduced a bill
toallovvadrawbaekon the exportation of cordage
manufactured from foreign hemp; vv 1-,ích wa.. twice
read and referred.                                                    i
RESOLUTION'S.
Mr. EW1NG, of Ohio, submitted the flow-
ing resolution; which was considered and agreed
to:
Resohcd, That t'ie Secretary of t'ic TrcaMirj b  directed
to in.orni the Senate what part or tha whole e\p «delire
UOd.T the bi ail Oi t.ie litduu Ui-'pirtnuut, irom t'ie eom
mencement o; tuc Covennic.it to tlic JJt'i fc. p!-hib_i, 1Í2J,
as stated m bi4 report to 1'ie S 'natc o-' t if  Qj.'i o Janutry
list, tom pa.i to th-i Indians lor t did, purchased oi them
by the United States. ANo, Mat l.Ptra... nut to me senate
a statement nt'the balnnc" oi pub ir eio'Kji in caca o. tüe
deposit banks on fie latest day to n luch he has received
tiieir accounts current.
Mr PRESTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies on the table one day:
Reioiced, That it la etpeilicnt,t.ic Stitcs of iTarvland
and Virginia o  enting tilt reto, to recodo the Di-trict of
Columbia to tiróle States, wuli  ucli foscrvauons a> may be
ueccssry lor tfuj Govoriunei.t.                                      i
Mr. TOMIANSON submitted tho following
resolution-, which was considered and agreed to:
Ucwi.-ei, T.ist the Committee on Pension , be instructed
to inquire uito die i'XpjdKiicv Oi allow lis; to tiie widow of
Cauuun Sauiu.l Gibb* Lie aiaouut wniuu would have be-
come due to licr late husband, as an invalid pensioner
THE CONGRES¡tfQNAfi f^f^fe   .
" í ' March 4,
darn: the time he was entitled to an annmtv- under the act road from Maysville in Kentucky had costpnly
lor the rebel of the «urvivui* ofiicers and solrj.m of thirl* af ^ ^tc^)?ÍTCthou¿a'fS doKrs pe*r mil?.' He
U voiuti.m, it he ha<l not rolmoui-bed bis inv.ilnl prtr>ion                        ,                                   J'          Tn.
10. f.i« p-i ..o,* o Ihmi,. placed on the li t of revolutionary was opposed to commencing a system in Illinois
pon ¡oner .                                                                i, that would incur an expenditure of from ten to
EXPUNGING RESOLUTIONS.                    fifteen thousand  dollars par mile.    He had an
-. Mr. EESTO^remarkcd that he wa. under . J ¿ ^^«J£2^^
pledge to .he American people touring forward        ^ HENDR-TCKS wcnt ¡nt0 an           e¿ lo
a motion for expunging from the Journals of the
Senate certain resolutions which had passed that
bodv.    He had not made this motion up to the
present time, because he thought it was a motion
of that character requiring the Senate to be_ full
when it was made.    The Senate was pot entirely
full; there was still a vacancy, but it would prob-
ably be filled in the course of two weeks.    He,
therefore,  thought proper now to give notice,
(though he was not called on by any rule of the i
Senate to give such notice,) that, as soon aathat
vacancy was filled, be should bring forward his I
1 motion to expunge the resolutions he had referred i
to.                                                                        '  I
BILLS PASSED.                            I
The following biL's were severally read the third
time and passed:
The bill to repeal certain provisions in the act
in alteration of the several acts imposing duties
on impous, approved 14th July, 1832;
Tho bill to authorize the East Florida Railroad
Company to construct a railroad through the
lauds of the United States, in tho Territory of (
Flouda; and                                                     _ ■
The bill to authorize the Ponsacolaand PerA'tfo i
Railroad and Canal Company to construct a road,
and cut a canal through the pubhejasda. ,.t  /, >
VESSELS IN' THE MACKEREL I'ISH'ERy.'y
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, the bill in addition
to the act of the 24th May, 1928, entitled an act
to authorise the 1.censing of ships and vessels to
be emp'oyvd in the mackerel fishery, was taken
up and considered, and ordered to a third reading.
THE CUMBERLAND ROAD.         I I
On motion by Mr. HENDRICKS, tho Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill for the com-
pletion of the Cumberland road in the States of
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri; and ihe
question was then taken on the first part of Mr.
Clay's amendment, to strike out $320,000, the
appropnaaon for the road in.Ohio, and insert
«jJUJ.UOO; and earned by the following vote: )
YE \á — Me -rs. Black, Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden,
Gold b >.ou£ i, Huí, Kent, Kui£of Alabama, Kiuj of Geor-
i zij. Km.'ht, L T£ii. Maieru'ii, Moore, Naudain, Toner,
I'r. .in,-, rn>ion, f wilt, I'uinliiison, VVnlker, and White
N \Y$—Messrs. Benton, Buchanan, Ewing of Illinois,
Ewiujut Ohio. G.undy, Ilenunck , Ilubbard, Lain, Mc-
Keau, Morn*. Nile*, Robbius, Róbin~on, Shcpley, Tall-
uiadj-, Tipton, Wall, Webster, and Wright—19.
Mr. HENDRICKS stated the effect of this vote.
There was sl8.2,O0O appropriated last year; "and
if the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Cm] prevailed.it would reduce the appro-
, pnaiion now to a less amount than was appro-
priated to the road in the State of Indiana at the
last session.
Mr. KNIGHT, in voting, had went on the
principle that £¿200,000 was as much as could be
economically expended in one year; but, after
hearing the statement of the Senator from In-
diana, [Mr. Hexdiucks,] he would change his
vote.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, had not been in his
place when this bill was up before. He thought
the sum of $000,000 an amount which was, if ex-
pended as u ought to be, sufficient for one season.
He thought they ought to complete a part of the'
road as tar as they went, and not leave any of
it in an unfinished state, so that it might be trans-
1 ferrcd to the States. With that view of the sub-
ject he should vote for the   reduction Of 'the
, amount appropriated to 5200,000.     '        '•'' " *
Mr. CLAY could go for the $200,000, but not
beyond it; and went into a detail of the several
amounts that had been appropriated and expended
on the road.    Ho had supposed the appropriation i
was to go to grading the road in Illinois.    If it [
was to be macadamized with material to be hauled
some thirteen miles, the road from the "Wabash j
to the Mississippi would cost from ten to fifteen i
thousand dollars per mile.   For one, he was not !
willing to put such an expenditure -upon it.   The '
show the advantages of a large appropriation over
a small one. There was only about half the dis-
tance to work upon the road in Ohio there'was in
Indiana.' The aifficuiiy in procuring stone'was
not so great as some gentlemen had imagined, as
there were gravel beds of considerable eptterii^on-
ve-nicnt to the road.              "'.'         . '       ,'lt
After some remarks from Mr, NILES,.
'   Mi\ ÜENT0N referred to,some of the,argu-
ments used by him the other,day to show ihat it
'Was really wasteful to make t^ese, small appro-
priations.                       ,.,'-,.                 i
Mr. KING, of Alabama, said the road had cost
more than it was really worth. He would prefer
that a reasonable estimate should be made of the
expense necessary to complete it, and that con-
fiaiies should be incorporated by the State Legis-
atures, through which it passed, to make it, and
that Congress should make an appropriation to
assist them in doing it. He had no doubt it would
cost less in that way. , He adverted to the man-
ner'in which it was pressed upon the Senate by
"the members immediately interestedVtJhey would
be glad in his State to luive an appropriation even
| for their common roads. 'H.e was disposed tq be
liberal, but not lavish.  He had no'disposition to
11 embarrass any of ihe new ^tatea.' jHe_li^edia
I   one lumsejf, - He would vote to limit tfté áppro-
1 priation to $200,000.      '■•••'-''
,Mr. ROBINSON said, the system of making
this road had been changed, and the expense of
I construction grealfy reduced. , He ventured to as-
sert ,there was no one place where stones would
have  tc> be drawn the distance of twenty-fire
II  miles. ' There was one place wticre. a, bridge was
1 to be built, to which stones' would pe drawn tliir-
,   teen miles.   He spoke of thegrealunportanrcof
i   the road  and would feel sorry if npcasurcs should
I ,be takento preventits bying macadamized".   The
1 'Government hatf induced people , to believe it
,  would go on and make this road, in consequence
i: of which they had beenyiducpjd to parchase the
I! Government lands at ¿n advanced price, and not
! to go on with it would be doing injustice to them.
Its importance in a national point of view would
j  be enhanced by the increased expedition in trans-
1  porting the mails.       r, .^    -„:•,.!,
Mr. TIPTON said the argument founded on the
scarcity of stone did not apply to Indiana, where
it was abundant.  The engineers, in tlieircstimatc,
had reported that the greatest amount, that could
be advantageously expended in one season was
$600,000, and the smallest, i^50,000, which was
in the bilL,   They did [not ask a pledge to make
it at the expense which the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr, Clai] had said it would cost, by
hauling stone twenty-fire miles.       ,       ,    „,,
Mr. KING, of Alabama, would ask the Sena-
tor from Indiana if this road did not pass through
an extensive prairie? If it did, he well knew the
difficulty and expense "in making roads through
them, and explained the nature of them at some
length. A railroad would, in his opinion y through
that level country, answer a better purpose. And
cost less than a. macadamized road, and lie would
prefer that U might be changed to a railroad. ,
. Mr. .HENDRICKS said the remarks of the
¿qntlqman woqld apply to Illinois, but not to
Indiana., As the road had been graded, with a
view to macadamizing it, the grading would have
.to i be /changed, and nearly all the expense of
grading that had been done would be lost. .U T
" ■ The qnestipn was then taken on • the aeccffld
!part of Mr. ¡ Clai's amendment to. strike out
$350,000 for the road in Indiana, and insert
§100,000, and lost—yeas 22, nays 22; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Black, Brown, Calhoun, Clay,Critten-
den, Goldsboroujh, Hill, Kent, Kin; ofAlabama, King of
Qeorgia, Leigh, Mangum, Moore, Naudain, Nile*, Porter,
Prentiss, Preston, Swnt, TomUn*<m„Walker, and WhiM—
S3.
NATS-Messrs. Benton, Buchanan, Cuthbcrt, Davis,
Ewinjof Illinois, Ewine of Ohio, Gnindr, Hendneks,
Hubbard, Knight, Linn. McKean, Mtrns, Nicholas, Rob-
tuos, Kobinsou, Shepley, Taluaadgc, Tipiou, Wall, Web-
ster, and Wright—22.
