1S3&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8*7
Mr. CLAY then submitted the following amend-
ment.
PnrKie-', Th" expenditure of that portion of the appro-
priation to be made m tlip State of Illinois, «hall be limited
to the graduation and bridging ol said road, «nd «hall not
be eon-iru d a- pledging tqiigrees lor future appropruuous
fo  mat. idimir nig - ud road                                             ,
He would add a single remark: If the object
was to make this a. macadamized road, it would
be cheaper to make both a railroad and macad-
amized road—a railroad ¿jft transport the stone
upon tor the macadam ized<road. He hoped they
would be content with the ¡j2ÜU,000.
Mr. ROBINSON answered the objection, that
«tone was scarce in Illinois. Portions of the
country abounded there with limestone. He op-
posed the amendment offered by Mr. Clay.
Mi . CLAY had hoped that an amendment so I
innocent in its character would not have been op-
posed. If the amendment was not adopted, the
Government would stand pledged to go on and
macadamize the whole road. He hoped the amend-
ment would be adopted, and demanded the yeas
and nays.
The, yeas and nays were ordered, and on taking |
the question, Mr. Cm's last amendment was
carried—yeas 30, nays 14, as follows:                  [|
YE\P—Me<>r« Black, Cilhoun, Ciny, Clay ton, Cntten
don, Goldsboroug'i, iliU-Kent, Kinj of Alabama, Kin? of '
GeO£i , knight, Leigli, Mckean, Manaum, Moore. Nau-
dam, \iclioli , Nile-, Poner, Prenti  , Pie-tton, Bobbin;*,
Shtpfti, "'m t, ra!!mid2f>, Tomlinson, Walker, Wall,
Webster, and White—38
NA\S—Messrs Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cutbbert,
-Eivuigot Illinois, Eiving ol Ohio, bruudy, Hendnck-,
Hubbard, Limi, Morns, Robinson, Tipton, and Wright—14
Mr. BLACK moved to amend the bill by an
appropriation of $150,000 for the repair of the
road from Chattahoochee to Coshocton, and from
Mobile to New Orleans.
Mr. B. contended that the road embraced in
ms amendment had as much of a national char-
acter as the road through Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois. The transportation of the great southern
mail was upon it He hoped his amendment
would be agreed to. The population was so sparse
in places along these roads, that they were not
able to keep them in repair.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, thought there was
merit m the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mi. Black,] and if he would
offer it in a separate bill, he w ould be disposed to
vote in favor of it.
Mr. LIJN N did not wish to see the bill clogged,
to break it down by the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Mississippi.
Mr. POR i\LR was not sure that his friend
from Mississippi was senous in offering this
amendment, but he was inclined to give it his
strenuous support, for there never was a meas-
ure more imperiously called for. He thought it
was of equal importance with the bill itself. Mr.
P., in reply to Mr. Ewing, vindicated the expe-
diency, as «ell as the constitutionality of the
amendment, and said he was anxious to have it
tacked to so strong a measure as the great Cum-
berland road, in order to secure it from the Presi-
dent's veto He felt confident, though, that when
the President came to examine into the matter,
and saw that this road was as national even as
the one from New Yoik to Washington, that he
would give it his approval. He trusted that the
friends ot the bill would not object to the amend-
ment. 1 he claims of hi"  section of the country
uire so strong, and the injustice of refusing it so
mamicst, that he had every hope that gentle-
men, on a proper cons.duation, would give it
then support.
Mi. MOORE was very glad that the amend-
ment had been introduced He thought, so far
from clogging the bill, that it would rendtr it more
palatable in some quatteis, and only regretted that
the appropriation proposed had not been larger.
Mr. M then spoke of the difficulties m trans-
porting the mail, and suggested to the gentleman
to modify the amendment, so as to make it read
" for repairing and constructing the main post
road leading fiom Washington to New Orleans."
This, by making the object more national, would
go some way towaids removing the objections to
it.
Mr BLACK accepted the suggestion, and mod-
ified his motion by adding the words, " being the
road on which the great southern mail is trans- I
ported from Washington to New Orleans."          I
After some further remarks from Mr. MOORE,
Mr. BLACK did not offer the amendment with
a view to clog the bill. He thought it as proper
a place for it as to make it a separate bill.
Mr KING, of Alabama, could not vote fur
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Mississippi. He was not awaie that he was
going to oiler it. No considerations of local in-
terest could induce him to vote for an unconsti*
tutionalappropriation. He hoped the gentleman
from Mississippi would withdraw the amend-
ment, and not incumber the Cumbciland road
bill with it.
Mr. TIPTON was not prepared for the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Mississippi,
and although compelled to vote against it, yet if
gentlemen coming from the southwest will pro-
pose to apply the two percent fund of their States
to this object, he would make no objection to it
One objection to the amendment was, that they
had no estimates, and knew not the length of the
road, or how it was to be constructed. He must
oppose this new proposition, coming in at this
late stage of an important bill Let gentlemen
propose a bill for making the surveys, and he
should vote for it, and when full wfoiination was
obtained, he had no doubt but the measure would
pass on a proper application
Mr. BLACK observed, that the proposition
was barely for repairing a road already laid out,
on which the mail had long been earned. It had
been said that this project would expend ten mil-
lions of dollars. This could not be so, lor the
two per cent, fund had long been expended. If
this appropriation was to be made in Ohio and In-
diana, and was constitutional, it certainly was not
unconstitutional to make this road in the south-
western States. It certainly was of far greater
importance than any road contemplated in the
bill, and he was surprised at gentlemen's opposi-
tion to it.
After some remarks fiom Messrs. MORRIS,
CRITTENDEN,and PORTER,
On taking the question, Mr. Black's motion
to amend was lost—yeas 6, nays 34, as follows-
YE \S—Messrs Black, Cliy, Crittenden, Goldsborougli,
Moore, and Porter—6
N Victim-Messrs Benton, Brtiwn. Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cutlibcit, Ewingof Illinois, Lwing ol Olio, (.ruml), Hen
dnck-, Hill, Hubbard, Wc-U, Ki y ot Al tbam i, King of
U oigia, Km^lit, Li i¿!i, Li in, Mckean, Mo n-, Nichola-,
Nile*. Kobbin-, Kohinso , luidle?, Shepl"v, S\vt% Till '
mailgo, Tipton, romlin>ou, VV alker, Wall, Webster, White,
dud V\ rigut—J4                                                              I
On motion by Mr NAUDAIN, the bill was 1
further amended by piovidmg that the money
appropriated foi the completion of the road in the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, shall be
expended for the completion of the greatest con-
tinuous portion of such road possible, so that such
finished parts shall be surrendered to said States
respectively.                                                              I
Mr. CRITTENDEN then moved to amend the j J
bill bv striking out the words " to be repaid out
of the fund irserved for making roads leading to I
said States "
After some futther remarks from Messrs.
CRI PTENDEN and NILES,                                i
The Senate adjourned over to Monday.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES           I
Sitprdat, March 5, 1836.
The motion heretofore submitted by Mr. Ha-
mer, to print ten thousand extra copies of the re-
port and bill, fixing the northern boundary of the
State of Ohio, and providing for the admission of
Michigan into the Union, was taken up.
Mr. HA VIER modified his resolution by pro-
posing to print the usual number of copies of the
brief on the same subject, presented on behalf of
the Ohio delegation.
Mr. VINTON suggested that the papers re-
ferred to in the brief be also printed.
Mr. HAMER acquiesced in the suggestion,
and modified his motion accordingly.
Mr. RENCHER had no objection to printing
an extra number of the report and bill, but the
number pioposed he believed to be too large. |
He therefore moved  o amend the proposition by
I substituting five thousand for ten thouSrnd copies;
I which wns agreed to.
| Mr. BEARDSLEY suggested that the brief
presented on behalf of Michigan, and the pipers
therein referred to, should also be printed
Mr HAMER had no objection, and further
modified his resolution, in accordance W th the
suggestion of the gentleman fiom New Yoik
Some conversation took place b< twefin "Messrs
MANN of New York, HAMER, PARKER,
THOMAS,andGRENNELL,es to the character
and extent of the briefs, ami the papers theiéln
referred   to,   v hen the  resolution was    further
I amended by excepting such papers as h?d been
pieviously directed to be appended to the report
of the Committee on the Judicidiv; and thus
amended, it was agreed to.
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the report of the Committee of Elections on the
contested election from one of the uistricts of
North Carolina
Mr. Hard, on a former day, made a motion,
(which was modified on the suggestion of Mi
Mann, of ¡New York,) that the petitioner, David
Newland,ha\e leave to appear,and also to address
the House on the subject of his petition.
The question pending was the amendment pro-
posed by Mi. Bynum, that the petitioner be per-
mitted to app< ar by lumsi If or by counsel.
Mr. GRIFFIN called for the yeas and nays,
wh.ch were oidered.
Mr. RENCHER wished to state one fart which
ought to induce the House to grant counsel; and
that was, that the petitioner had the benefit of
counsel before the committee, and he could seo
no good reason why he should not bo entuled to
the sime benefit on tne floor of the House He
would vote for the motion thet the petitioner be
allowed counsel, because be had asked font; and
he would have granted the sitting member coun-
sel if he had desired it. He agreed with luscol-
league [Mr. Btnlm] that it more became them to
listen to the arguments of others than to engage
in the discussion themselves.
The question was then put on the motion th«t
the petitioner be permitted to appear by counsel,
and decided in the negative—yeas 67, nays 11Ü,
as follows:
YEAS—Mes«n-<"   Barton, Bean, Bom, Boiilrfirt. Bovce,
Boid, Urov\ n, Buchanan, liymiru, < Inpmui, Nathamel 41
. Claiborne Ckvelaud,Co mo ,Cor\Mn,Craig,Crruje,Bavi>,
1 Do my, Dicker on, Ditk on, l i Un, Tiene l, Willnin h
Puller, Giibraith   Jo^ep'i Hall, H innejai, tjirpcr   Hlb^rt
' G Hartijón, Hawkins Ilaynes. Holsev, Hopkin , Howard,
j liubley, Iiuntitigton, Jab ¿ JacAsen, Cive John on, Ken
non, Kiljore, Landing, Thomas Le , Job Mann, William
Ml on, McKi\, MeKnn, M roer, Mo it^rmiTy,  Morgan,
Miihl nb rg Page, Pattei-nn, Phelp , E ne'ie- John Rcy
noid-, Joseph Reynold , Rome, ¡-chei ek, Au«u tme H
sh-pperd, bhinn, Sutherland, Thorn.is, Join   Thomson,
Tuner, Vanderpocl, \\ ard, Wirdncll. i id Week-- C7
V\Y3-Mwr> Oiii'ton All™, Vitlton. \ h, flanks,
Beaumont, Bell, Bockee, Bond, Bo-den B-t?" , Punch,
I John Calhoon, William B Calliou i, Cauibreleng, Otmp
b:;ll,( arr,Carter,Ca-*y, GeorgjChimbar^,Jolin Chamber-,
Child-, CifTee, Col--, Cu-limin, Deber 3, Douhieday,
Dromgoole, Duniap, Fffncr, Evim, E 'rct'.FaHl Id.ro'-
re-ter, Frv, Pf.ilo C Fuller, Girtind, Gfllet, Ola-rock,
Granger, Gnntland, Graves, Gravson, Grennell, Griffin,
Hilej, lidand Hid, Hard, Hardin, Ilarluii, Simuel S. Har
n-,on, (I izeltuie, Honder-on, Hoi t r, H >a , Hon 11, IIu jt,
Hunt-mill, Ingersoll, Ingham, W llnni Jack on, Jine-,
Jarvi-, Jenifer, Joseph. Johneon, Henry Jo!in-on lohn W
Jone", Benjamin Jones, Krnrard,Lane, Lnwler, Lawrenc",
Lay, Gideon Lee. Luke Lea, Leouird, Lineoli), Logan,
Loyall, Abij-ih Mann, Marlm, ÍIo es Mi 0 , ¡^ampiOu
Mi-on, Maurv, MrCarty, McComi', Mclienn, McL-hi,
Miller, Morri , 0«ens, Parker, Park-, Pitton, Plilliips,
Pott-, K-ed, Robert on, Rogers. Ru-sell, Shield , Sieklas,
Hninll, Spingler, feiandc er, Slorar, 1 aluU'iio, lnylor,
Town-, Undi rvvood, Webster, Whittlesey, and bherrod
WiIti-iniM—113
Mr. BYNUM said ho was in hopes that since
the House had, by the vote which it had just given,
refused the petitioner leave to be heiiu Ly coun-
sel, that it would act its principle o it, and nject
the mo'ion offered by the gcntlema'i fiom New
York [Mr Hard] to allow the peiit'oner the
privilege to appear at the bar Of the House, ard
to speik in h s own defense, as it was a request
that the petitioner had not nnde.
The vote which had j'ist been ta'cen was one
to which he begged the liberty of the House to
call the earnest aííeníionof every ta  n r,mre'ianic
leorfctngmo , and ti adaman in th s na* oi L iv ..is
one in which, in the sincerity of his heai', he be-
lieved their most solemn rights as freemen had
