228
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
March 6,
r
hi
been invaded and violated. For the fust time it
was that cvn a fit, mi i i.id a,i Am -riran citizen
had been rc-fus-d the lighter prm lege to be heard
in the Congiess of the united States, the pro-
fisv d ofsenuiluge of tue rtpnsi ntativesof the only
truly free nation on e.uth, in defense not only of
his own rights and interest, which is mvolvt d in
his seat on this floor, but in defense of the rights
and interest of forty-seven thousand four hundred
souls of the district whose Representative he
claimed the right to be in that House. He was t
 lad that some honorable gentleman had called
for the yeas and nays on that question, as the
farmers and toorkmgmen of the country might see
what they had a right to expect ñora their Rep-
resentatives here.
Here the Speaker called Mr. B. to ordei; and
said it was not in order to speak on a subject that
had been decided.
Mr. BYNUM said he would submit, with great
respect, to the correction of the Chan; but that,
by the vote of the House, an act of injustice liad
been done the petitioner, and that it could not be
repaired by the passage of the resolution of the
gentleman from New York. He, as a freeman,
and an Ameuran citizen, had been denied the
nvilege of being heard by counsel in defense of
is rights, and the rights of his constituents, on
that floor, and he wished it to be marked and
well noted by that class of citizens of this coun-
tiy who were not lawyers, and who were not
professed speech-makers. Sir, (said Mr. B.,) the
act of injustice done to that portion of tiie com-
munity is gross, and violative of evei y «pint of
fieedom; the decision that has been made is in
the very face of every precedent that has ever
occuried in this House. I protest against it as
being fraught with the grossest injustice towards
eveiy petitioner that may hereafter come before
this House, who is not a lawyer by profession,
or a hackmyed public speaker. Suiely gi ntle-
men have not considered the consequences of the
vote that has just been given; the \itai rig .ts of
the great class of farmers and workingnxen that it
so seriously affects; the great advantage that it
must give to the lawyers over every other class
of men that have not been bred to speech-mak-
ing. Can that class of the community who are
not of the legal profession, sanction so enormous
a breach of their dearest rights in a place wheie
they should be so tenaciously guarded .' Sn, the
working class of society cannot look with indif-
ference at this act. He hoped their attention
would be called to it in evei y section of the coun-
try; the denial of the privilege to be heard by
counsel was against the uniform practice of the
House in every case where it had been asked,
since the formation of the Government until the
present time. There had not been a single in-
stance where it had ever been before refused, and
he thought the House assumed an awful respons-
ibility in setting aside the precedent at this late
day of the Republic, in opposition to a practice
so long acquiesced in. It was against the spirit
and genius of the Constitutor
Mr. B. said the case operated with peculiar
hardship on the present occasion. The petitioner
was no public speaker, and did not ask to be
heaid, except by counsel, and the House had
made a most singular decision, that he should not
be heard by counsel, and was about to decide
that he should or might be heard by himself.
Now, this is what the petitioner did not ask. He
is no debater, and is, comparatively, a perfect
stranger in this House; and no man could do
himself justice that was a stranger, however
much he might be accustomed to public s stak-
ing, who might in his first attempt undei take to
addiess this House; but for one unaccustomed to
public speaking to attempt it, it was utt-rly im-
possible that he could do it with that composure
and deliberation that was necessary in the dis-
cussion of a great legal or constitutional question.
Yet, by the vote of the House, it had decided
that the petitioner, however illy competent to
address it, was to be forced to attempt it, to the
exposure of himself, and the great prejudice to
his claim, and to the interest of all others inter-
ested in tiie decision. It was gn mg too great an
advantage to the lawyers ovei evei y other class
No man in future might think of contesting a
seat here who was not a lawyer, with any pros-
pect of succe ss. Had this been a new case, so
strong were the rr-asons to his mind, he should,
without the least hesitation, have granted coun-
sel, if destied by cither the petitioner or the s t-
ting member, ¡such hud been the constant and
uniform practice of the House, which he had
taken pains to ascertain; and it certainly offered
the strongest reasons at this time against devia-
ting from a precedent so long held sacred, and
founded, in his judgment, in the strictest policy
and propriety. But he had said it had operated
with peculiar hardship on the petitioner. The
sitting member had been a member near three
years of this House, a lawyer of eminence, who
had formed many acquaintances and connections
of Jiffeient kinds, and had had an opportunity,
both in private and in public, of placing in pos-
session of the strongest points of his case most
of those with whom he had formed an acquaint-
ance during this time; he had also made two
lengthy arguments to the House, while the peti-
tioner was excluded from the House both in him-
self and in counsel. Was such a couse not cal-
culated to bias the House in his favor, and give
their prepossessions in thejustness of his claim'
It certainly appeared so to him.
But the gentleman from New York has moved
to permit the p< titioner on the floor with the priv-
ilege to speak in his own defense. Sir, the gen-
tleman from New York represents the minority of
the committee that was opposed to the claim of
the petitioner. The petitioner will ask nothing at
the hands of those who are opposed to him: he
is old enough to know what danger there has ever
been found in the gifts of an enemy. The peti-
tioner 'ias not asked this from the gentleman from
New YoiL—the petitioner is awaie that he has
not i ing to expect fiotn that quarter. Sir, I think
I see tjirough the design of the gentleman from
New York, and so does the petitioner. That
gentli man thinks, no doubt, if his resolution is
adopted, that it will supersede the resolution
ofteied by the majority of the committee, who
weie fueudly to the claims of the petitioner. Sir,
is this not, by indirection, an attempt of mon-
strous injustice toward the petitionu, who has
ahead y had the strongest causo of complaint
against the House- He certainly viewed such a
course as being most unjustifiable.
Again, sir, has not evidence been presented,
and ordered to be printed and laid on the desk of
each member of this House, in fav or of the sitting
member, winch was taken after the committee
had decided they would receive no more evidence,
winch nobody was hero to object to—the peti-
tioner not being represented on the floor, either
in person or by counsel' Can such a course be
compatible with any piuiciple of justice or equity'
Su, (said Mr. B.,J I am not a little astonished
at the couise it is manifest that the House is dis-
posed to take already on this subject, and I hope
that the decision it has this day made against
the rights and interests of a certain class of the
community may long be remembered, and not
overlooked by them at a future day. The res-
olution that the House was about to adopt had
come fiom one hostile to the pretensions of the
petitioner, and was, he was authorized to say,
entnely giatuitous; and he viewed it as being
wholly delusive, and, if adopted, could afford no
substantial n lief to the petitioner, and he thought
it mini cessiry to adopt it with any view of the
kind. It would be adding insult to injury. He
hud asked for one thing, you will, by the adoption
of the gratuitous resolution of the member from
New York, with his known hostility towards the
petitioner, have giyen him another.*
*Bajl of Conte ted E'e fian? in Cjnjretj,
1789 The ea e, to w.nch Mr Byviii lind referred in his
former remarks was ca e the «eeond, ot the Nevv Jersey
members, paje 4*2.
On nionoa by Mr Lucy, that the parties appear, and be
heard by their counsel before the House,
Mr Li\ermore >¡iid, I have no objection that counse
should be heard upon the merits of the principal question
Mr. Madison thought it would beproperto hear counsel
Mr Page If the jurisdiction ot the House was ques-
tioned, the p-irtie- had an tndulitttble right to be heard by
counsel, and he hopt d no gentleman would refu-e the
people ot the United States n privilege of this important
nature, wlucli lud always been enjoyed by the subjects of
Great Britim.
Air Ptoví hid no objection to admitting a hmHed num
ber if it wj-> required
17S3. Vage 49._Jn case 11, Jackao  w. Wayne, from
Mr. HARDIN said the motion was, that the
petitioner have leave to appear and to address
the House; but if that gentleman did not choose
to avail himself of the privilege there was no
harm done. The resolution was not mandatory
that the petitioner shall come and speak, but that
he have leave if he choose to do so. If, how-
ever, the gentleman did not avail himself of the
privilege, he expected the members of the House
would do him ample and impartial j'ustice. They
•were to decide the case partly as members of the
House, and partly in ¡the character of a court of
adjudication, and it was to be settled by the evi-
dence which every member had on his table.
The resolution proposed to give the petitioner a
seat on that floor; but if that gentleman says he
will not avail himself of those rights because the
House would not give him more, let him do so.
But the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Bynum] had said that, because the House had
negatived the motion to grant the petitioner coun-
sel, it ought not to pass the resolution granting
him a seat. The House (Mr. H. said) ought
still to pass the resolution, and if the petitioner
did not avail himself of the privilege it was his
own look-out. He had voted against the amend-
ment granting counsel, and should do so again.
When a man spoke on that floor on great consti-
tutional questions, he «anted him to speak as a
member of that House, impressed with the higV
responsibility which rested upon him. It had
not been from any disposition not to hear the
counsel the gentleman might produce; he would
be willing to hear everything that could throw
light on the matter; but he could not consent to
have the time of the House consumed by the
arguments of a lawyer. In relation to the motion
coming from the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Hard,] he thought it was perfectly correct.
Was that gi ntleman an enemy of the petitioner ?
He believed not' Was he an opponent of the
petitioner' He believed he was not. The mem-
bers of the committee might have made up their
minds that one was entitled to the seat, and an-
other was not, but he was fai from believing that
either of them were opponents of the petitioner
or of the sitting member. He would vote for the
resolution, and then it would be optional with the
petitioner to take his seat or not.
Mr. HARD said he wished to make a few re-
maiks in explanation. If he understood the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Btmtjm]
correctly, he had said the motion came from a
quarter unfriendly to the petitioner. He did not
know what the gentleman from Nort'i Carolina
considered a-wantof friendship in the members
of the committee towards the petitionee, but he
trusted, so far as he was concerned, and so far as
he had acted, and in the course he intended to
Eursue, that he would not be governed by party,
ut by principle. He had been induced to bring
the motion before the House at the instance
and request of an honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia; and if they were to judge from votes, that
gentleman was the political friend of the peti-
tioner. It was argued by that gentleman and
I others, that the sitting member had the privilege
of making statements to the House, which the
petitioner himself was better qualified to answer
thanany other individual. It was also urged by
some of the petitioner's friends, that it was the
duty of the committee to bringforward the motion.
He had consulted both the members of the ma-
jority and minority of the committee, and he had
to say to the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Btnüm,] that he disclaimed all unfriendly
feelings towaids the petitioner.
Georgia, it wa* pos poned to the 27th of February, and on
that dav it wa  lurther continued, on the suggestion ot the
sitting member, to the 10th ot March, on v. hich dij leave
was granted to the silting memler to be beard by his coun-
sel at the bar of ibe House.
1804 Page 133 —Case 20. Moore w. Lewis, from Vir-
ginia. March 1,1804, the committee was discharged, and
resolved that the memorialist and the sitnng member shall,
if «hey desire it, be heard by counsel before the bar of the
House.
Mr. Moore appeared at the bar, and spoke in favor of
his memorial, claiming the seat of Major Lcwi~.
Mr Jo^es, the counsel of Major Lewis, then spoke in
favor of his right to bis seat.
Mr. Byvom aNo referred to the ca~e in the British Par-
liament of John Luurel, petitioner, vt Sir Abraham Hume
and William John", when both the sitting member and patt-
troner*crc heard by counsel
