2 
THE CONGHESSIONAfc GfcOBE,
March 7i
M -, N AUDA1N, from the Committee on Chims,
t > wt.lch had been referred the petition of Noah
ü'-ow.i and o; hers, reported a bill for their relief; I
w.ujJi n-.is read and o.-dered to a second reading. I
Mr. -N".. from the s;«mj committee, reported un-
favorably on tho petition of Thomas Mullens.
01 nnt'on by Mi-. PRENTISS, the Committee
oil Public Lands was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of the Mad river and
Lake Erie Canal Company.
Mr. CRI TTENDEN, lrom the Committee on
Public Lands, to which had been referred the
petition of the executors of James O'Hara, late
of Pittsburg, reported a bill for his relief; which '
was read, and,                   ___
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, and by
unanimous consent, the bill was read the second
timo, and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whieh, had been referred the peti-
tion of Ebeuezer Spalding, reported a bill for his
i\hcf; which was read and ordeied to a second
reading.
REPORT FROM THE TREASURY.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Treasury Department, containing a statement of
tlie expenditures under contracts for the year 1835,
for hglit-houses, for expenditures out of the ma-
rme-Uospital fund, and for miscellaneous expen-
ds; which, on motion by Mr. Davis, was ordered
to ue printed.
DISTRIBUTION OP THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. EWING, < f Ohio, moved to take up the
bid to distribute, for a limited time, the proceeds
of *,ho sales of the public lauds; which motion
was lost—ayes 18, noes 22.
MACKEREL FISHERY.
-The bul in addition to theact of the 24th May,
1S28, providing for tlie licensing of vessels to be
employed in the mackerel fisheries, was read the
third umc and passed.
THE QUAKER MEMORIAL.
The special order was then taken up, being the
memorial of the Society of Friends of Lancaster
county, Pennsylvania, on the sujectof the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia.
Mr. CUTHBERT (who was entitled to the
floor) first addressed the Senate on the pending
question, giving the reasons which would induce
him to vote against the reception of the memorial.
In the course of his observations he declared that
bo did not shore in the apprehension felt by some
gentlemen, that the spirit of abolition would
dangerously' increase and spread to any great
extend throughout the country; and he expressed
the strongest reliance on the influences which
were powerfully operatiug in quelling this spirit.
He viewed it as one of foreign origin, caught by
contagion from* Europe. Mr. C. drew a compari-
son between the state of society and the state of
slavery as it,existed in the British West Indies
prior to the emancipating laws of the British
Parliament, and the condition, as it respected
both, of the slavehokling States; showing that
from the absence of those moral influences which
injuriously affected the British islands, and of
that dependence and state of subjection in which
they stood towards the mother country, the de-
signs of the Abolitionists could never be carried
into effect here. He would vote against the re-
ception of these memorials as the strongest meas-
ure, and because he had been able to see no
constitutional objection to such a course. The
clause of the Constitution requiring that the
people should not be prevented from peaceably
assembling and petitioning for a redress of griev-
aflcoB, would be in nowise abridged, for these
iTiemonalists had petitioned, and had had a full
hearing
Mr. C. showed that this question, whieh had
atoad y produced suelian excitement in the south-
ern States shdukl never be touched in Congress;
that policy, justice, and good faith, as well as
tlie obligations imposed by the Constitution, de-
iu!Uid'-<i that C (ogress should never legislate on
Una subject with regard to the District of Colum-
bia; and that aay attempt to carry their legislation
farther into the States would lead Uj tile most
fiarfiil and raiiv>iiscmsequenc*s.    As there was
a remote danger that the schemes of these Aboli-
tionists, if not put a stop to, might produce mis-
chiefs that he, though he did not pretend to infal-
libility, did not anticipate, he urged his friends,
who came from that section of country whence
these memorials sprung, to aid in putting them
down while they were yet powerless.
Mr. BROWN dwelt at some length upon the
exciting effect of exciting speeches. If a southern
planter had by chance entered the Capitol when
the honorable Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Preston] was addressing the Senate, he would
have supposed a direct proposition to abolish
slavery throughout the Union had been made.
Before Congress met southern feelings had been
greatly tranquilized, but had changed since this
exciting discussion had taken place. He intro-
duced , by way of similitude, the effect of the panic
discussion. The honorable Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Swift] had omitted, in his statement
the other day on this subject, to mention the rejec-
tion of abolition resolutions by the Legislature of
that State. He regretted the honorable Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Preston] had confined
himself to evidence furnished by the Abolitionists
in opposition to other and better evidence of public
sentiment in the North, and also that he had con-
nected it with apolitical party.
Mr. PRESTON disclaimed any intention of
reflecting upon any political party.
Mr. BROWN continued: He adverted to the
attempt in certain public prints opposed to the
Administration to give it a political bearing. He
thought it did not comport with the digiiity of
Senators to quote from these libelous abolition
publications, and embody them in their speeches,
to be distributed throughout the country, and
especially the South. He thought they only gave
dignity and importance to the abolition cause by
noticing their libels. He did not believe the
whole Christian world was against the South, as
had been represented by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] He believed, if
an attempt was made to invade the southern
States, the North would rally to their aid, and
the whole Christian sympathies of the northern
States would impel them to the rescue. He drew
a line of distinction between Christianity and fa-
naticism. In the South the spirit of Christianity
was against the fanatics. Petitions on this sub-
ject had heretofore been received, without objec-
tion or discussion, from the, southern Representa-
tives, and were even referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and it was strange that
some of the southern gentlemen should • be so
suddenly aroused to a sense of their dignity. It
had, however, been represented that abolitionism
was growing to an alarming extent; but lie was
satisfied that the accounts! were exaggerated. He
liad taken great pains to satisfy himself on that
point. A portion of the southern members had
been charged with dividing the South of this
question. Those of the South who acted with
him were pursuing the course invariably pursued
by the South, and, if a division was created, it
was by those who varied from that course.
Mr. SWIFT observed, that as the remarks he
had made some days since, on the subject of the
spirit of abolition in the State of Vermont, had not
been understood, and had been in some manner
misrepresented, he would repeat his statement
again. He had said that, as regarded the section
of the State from whence he came, prior to his
leaving home, abolition was very little thought
of there, and but little said on the subject; but he
had lately received the information that several
abolition societies had sprung up, which had no
existence before. He had received information
of the formation of five or six-societies in his
neighborhood. He believed, with the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Brown,] that the ex-
citement had, in some measure, been produced
by the discussion here; but he would tell the
gentleman that his speech  if circulated in his
country, (Vermont,) would add Tery much to
that excitement. To call respectable members
of these societies vile incendiaries, fanatics, and
apply to them other such violent epithets, would
be little calculated to soothe their feelings. He
believed that a great majority of the people of
Vermont thought, that Congress not only bad
ths power to abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia, but that it was their botinden duty to do
so. As to the resolutions referred to by the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, [Mr. Brown,] which
were introduced into the Legislature of Vermont,
declarative of tlie propriety of abolishing slavery
in the District, and which were rejected, he thought
that such rejection did not express the true state
of sentiment in the Legislature; for they were
rejected more on the ground of expediency than
from any opinion that the resolutions were im-
proper in their tendency. The opinion in Vir-
mont, that Congress not only had the power, but
that it ought to abolish slavery in this District,
was very prevalent in Vermont; and this opinion
was not confined to the lower classes of society,
but prevailed among the wealthy,the well informed
and influential.
Mr. HUBBARD thought the gentlemen of the
South were alarmed unnecessarily. They would
be satisfied, before Congress adjourned, with the
sufficiency of the moral power in the North to
keep the spirit of abolition in check. If meas-
ures should be taken to set at large the six thou-
sand slaves in the District of Columbia, it would
not have the effect intended; for the slaveholders
would, before the law wo«ld go into force, sell
their slaves to the slaveholders in Mississippi,
or some other shareholding State. If Congress
should do all the petitioners asked, it would not
make one slave less in the Union. It would
make the District an asylum for ail the runaway
negroes and free blacks in the Union.
He would be sorry to see the blacks compet-
ing with the free white laborer of the North. To
abolish slavery in the District would be produc-
tive of great mischief. He would adopt the very
strongest measures that could be taken to prevent
it. The condition of the blacks in the South was
better than the free blacks in the North. He was
in Virginia on one occasion, and it was common
then for slaveholders, in' speaking of a bad slave,
to say he was worse than a free negro. He spoke
of the affectionate relations, between slaves and
their masters. He liad received a pictorial rep-
resentation of slavery in the South, which was •
a gross misrepresentation. He would go for
the motion of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Calhoun,] if he thought it the better
way to put down the cause of the Abolitionists.
He did not, however, think, it was; and went into
an argument at some length, involving the right
of petitioning, to show that it was not tlie better
way to accomplish the object. Ho thought well
of the proposition of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
The most effectual way, however, was to take
their petition, and say to them " We cannot grant
your request, as it would put in jeopardy the peace
and tranquillity of thecountry." He believed the
sentiments of the Senate were unanimous against
abolitionism. The measure calculated to make
the strongest impression, on the public mind was
the best. His State (New Hampshire) was
sound. If the Senate,w^th unanimity, voted for
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buchanan] it would satisfy the North, and
he thought it ought to satisfy the South.
Mr. GRUNDY expressed a wish to address
the Senate on the subject before taking the ques-
tion: and, as tlie hourwas late, the Senate went
into the consideration of executive business; after
which it
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Monday, March 7, 1H36.
The CHAIR announced the unfinished busi-
ness of the last petition day first in order to be the
motion of Mr. Patton to suspend the rule of the
House, for the purpose of enabling him to submit
a motion for leave to withdraw the joint resolu-
tions of the General Assembly of the State of
Virginia (presented by him) on the subject of the
abolition of slavery.
Mr. PATTON called for the veas and nays on
his motion; which were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS moved to lay the motion to sus-
pend the rule on the table.
On thia motion Mr. MORGAN asked for the
Yeas and nays, which ««re ordered; and «rere aa
follows:
