232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March T,
M<\ ROBERTSON asked the consent of the
Ho jse to submit the following resolution-
J2i'>. i *,Th ¡the C.J'ii m'tee ¡or the District oí Colum
bii Iim is'rirt ! to inqtii o into the cxp-iliencv of coding
me nil Di-irirt bickto tie Sfrte- of \ irgiiiia and Marj-
aitd ¡e p*eli\*.i) , and to n po-t  pe'Ciall\—
1 Tim- |> omul'lit objicuon ,   ail), to the validity of
m + <"   mi
•J Tin' adv-inta-'es or disadvantage"! tiki ly to result from
tins measure (H adopted) to the said State-,to the Distnct
lu-eli and ib inliabiiant*, or to lllr I oiled States.
3 Tne reservations and pro, i ions that should accom-
pm\ -u-iic - ion. v nil a \iewtothep rmancnt contmu
am-* i>t tne seit o Gov< ninient in the «aid Di tnct,thc en-
ure p otection and preservation ot the property of the
Unit d State  therein, aud the attainment ot siKh other
ohj cts as the roiimittee mi} deem necessary and proper
to «mrJ the ni' ts a il nit rc-t- ot all; and that the said
committee have powei to send tor person  and papers.
Objection being: made, Mr. Robertson moved
to suspend the rules, in order to enable him to
su'imu his resolution.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, called for the
yeas and nays, which were ordered.
Mi. DOULDIN said, as the question was an
impoitant one and the House was thin, he would
move a call of the House.
'1 he motion was negatived—aves 40, noes 68.
No quorum \oting, Mr. "VVHÍTTLESEY re-
new td the motion foi a call of the House; which
 ji ordered.
Aftt r prociedingsome time, on motion by Mr.
YAXDCRPOEL, the further proceedings under
th   call were suspended.
The question was then taken on suspending
the ruhs, and decided in the negative—yeas 71,
nays 114, as follows:
\ P. V-<— Mes-rs BeaJe, Reaumont, E"ll, Eouldin, Bunch,
i Cj'Iiotii, C-iinbrclen , C.uiipb II, C-irter, Chapman,
Chirty, asked to be placed on the invalid pension
list.]
Mess, s.CASEY, MAY, and REYNOLDS, of
Jo
C M-, Vithini 1 H ( l.ulnrne, < off e, Connor, Corwin,
Cruj Cramer, Divi-, Doublcdav, Fairfield, forester, Philo
C. F.itler. Jam's Garland. Kice Garland, Oila-eoek, Graj
son, Grirh i, Ililand Hall, lUnnegan, All' ft U Harrison,
lloicuj, Hon,ui , Hiiitmin, lieu y Johnson, John VV.
Jn i- , I-uvler, Lit, Lu ,c Lea, L-)\ail, Lvon, Abijan
Mam, Martin, Jomi Y. Mason, Sloes Ma on. Maury,
Mel i>ma-,Mci\eoo, Moore, Owen-, l'nic, Parker, Patton,
PiChens, Henehrr, Joseph Reynolds, lliplev, Roane, Robert-
-oi, Riy. r-.ttu-vell,S.ueld , Standeicr, !-teele,Taliaierro,
Tilín i Torn r, Ward, Wardwell, Webster, Lewis Wil-
liam    j! (1 Wi-e—', 1
N A ¥S — Mussr . Adams, Ileman Allen, A-h, Ashley,
Bank-, l' irton, Beat J. ley, Bond, Boon, Borden, Bn™ ,
C ovil. Ba'lwnan, Rjnuin, Williim B Calhoun, Carr,
f'-i ei.O'ore- Chamber- John Chamber-, Chantv.Cleve
Innd. <'oí , Cu huí , Cu liman, D<.berrj, Denm, Dickson,
Dunlan, Ertner, Evans. Lverett, Farhn, Trench', Fry, Wil
lii'U K. tuil"r,Gi,bi-auh,Giilet,Granger,Grave-,Gr nnell,
l\-\n. Jo cpli llni, Mini -r, Samuel S Harrison, Hawkins,
Hi -itine, H"ri(W-on, Hoar, llowird, Howell, Hublcy.
Hum, II ntington, In<rer oil, lazbam. Jab -a Jackson,
Janes, Jaivis, Jenifer, Joseph Jo.m on, Cave Johnson,
Bciyumi.i Joue-, Ketrnon, Kilgore, Kmnard, Klmgensmith,
Line, Lin.uig, Lawrence, Gideon Lee, Jo-hna L"e,
Th i-ias L--0, Leonnr I, Lincoln. Lo^in, Love, Job Mann,
Wilhain Ma an, Samp on Ma-on, May, MeCarty, McKen-
nan, Mclimi, Mi rcor, Miller, Mullan, Morris, Muhlenberg,
Park-, P.itter-on, Dutee J. Pearce, Pnillip*, Potts, Reed,
John Reynolds, rtchenck, Augustine H Shepperd, Sbmn,
Bielrles, Blade, Slo-me, Smith, Span«ler, Storer, Sutber-
laml, Taylor, John Thomson, Toucev, Underwood, Van-
derpoil, \ niton, Wa huigton, Weeks, Whittlcsej, and
Sherroü Williams—114.
Petitions and memorials were then further pre-
sented by
Mr. CONNOR, of North Carolina-,
Mr ssis. PICKENS and GRAYSON, of South
Carolina;
Messrs. COFFEE and GLASCOCK, of Geor-
gia;
Messrs. UNDERWOOD and ALLAN, of
Kentucky;
Messrs. DUNLAP, STANDEFER and CAR-
TER, of Tennessee;
Messis. WHITTLESEY, HAMER, PAT-
TERSON, SP ANGLER, JONES, MASON.and
CRANE, of Ohio.
[Mr IIamer presented the petition of Josiah
Curtis, praying for a pension on account of a
wound received in the service of the United
Sutee.]
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana;
Meww. LANE, DAVIS, BOON, HANNE-
GAN, and CARR, of Indiana.
[Mr. Hasneoaíí presented a petition for a post
route and stages from Indianapolis, by Frankfort,
Delphi, Monticello, and through the counties of
/asper, Porter, and Laportc, to Michigan city,
tv hich wai ref< rrcd to the Committee on the Post
Olice and Post Roads.]
Mr.  Davis   presented   the  petition   of David
Mr. DICKSON, of Mississippi;
Mess,s. CASEY, MAY, and RE
Illinois.
[Mr. Mvv presented a petition of sundry in-
habitants of the State of Illinois, for the estab-
lishment of a post route from Macomb to Rock
Island.
Mr. Reynolds presented the petition of Wil-
liam Morrison, of Kaskaskia, Illinois, praying
payment for rations furnished the troops of the
United States Army in 1816 and 1817; also, the
petition of Daniel Malone, of Randolph county,
Illinois, praying relief for a mistake in the entry
of a tract of land,
i Mr. C *sey presented various petitions for mail
routes in Illinois; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads;
also, the petition of sundry citizens of the south-
eastern counties of Illinois, bordering upon the
Ohio and Wabash rivers, praying the establish-
mwit of a hospital at Shawneetown, in the State
of Illinois. On his motion it was referred to the
Committee ou Commerce.]
Messrs. LYON and LAWLER, of Alabama;
Messrs. HARiiloON and ASHLEY, of Mis-
souri;
Mr JONES, of Michigan;
[Mr. Jones presented a petition of the inhab-
itants of Host river and Wisconsin city, praying
the establishment of apostroute from Rostnvcra,
by Wisconsui city, to Carsville, Michigan Ter-
ritory, also, the petition of John Bell, of Belle-
Meud. ,trict, Bergen county, Michigan Territory.1
Mr. SEVIER, of Arkansas;
Mr. WHITE, of Florida.
[Mr. Sude presented memorials, praying for
the abolition of skuery and the slave trade in the
Dismct of Columbia, fiom 487 females, and 19
male citizens of the State of Vermont; from 548
females, and 274 male citizens of Dover, in the
State of New Hampshire; and from 6G females,
and 54 male citizens of Deny, in the same State;
which were let'erred to the committee appointed
under the resolutions offered by Mr. Pincknet, of
S^uth Carolina.]
On motion by Mr. CLEVELAND, it was
nesolicd, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po t Uo uU be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot
e tabli inn; the ««lowing post routes- in the State oí Geor-
gia: 1, \ route irom ViUarica, in Carroll county, twPmild-
ing Uourt-imu e, PauWni'r county, Kome, in floyd county,
to iVaiherUourt-hou e in Walker county. 2, A route ¡rom
Clayron, m Raton county, vu L'lair,ville, In Union county,
Eilsiaj, l.i Gilnior county, Spring Place, in Murray count} '
to Walker Court bou-e, in Walker countv. 3. A route
from Dablonega, in Lumpkin county, «a Harnageville, in
Cherokee county, Canton, in Cherokee county, to Cassville,
m Ca s county 4 A route lrom Dafiionega, in Lumpkin
county, to Bhirsville, in Union county. 5. A route irom
Canton, in Cherokee county, cia Lebanon, Mnnetta, in
Cobb county, Paulding Court bouse, in Pauldini county, to
CedarTowiijPauldingcounty. 6. A route from Dahlonega,
m Lumpkin county, dw Cumming, in Foriyth county, Ma-
rietta, in Cobb county, Sweet Water Town, in Cobb county,
to Campbsllton, in Campbell county.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the followingresolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War h  directed th trans-
mit to this House a copy of the report of Howard Stans
berry, made upon certain surveys (had dunng the past
summer) lor roads and canals in Indiana.
On motion by Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claim 
be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot so amending
the act of Julv 5,1832, in relation to the half pay of the
officers of the Revolution of the Virginia State line, so as to
embrace claims, of commutation, or five years' full pay, in
lieu of half pay; and to provide for the refunding ot such
Bums of money advanced bv the State of Virginia in satis-
faction of claims for half pay; also to provide for the
adjustment and satisfaction ot such judgments as may
hereatter be recovered ajauist tlie State of Virginia for such
claims.
On motion by Mr. DENNY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Johnstown, via Legonia. to
Pittsburg.                                                                 *       '
On motion by Mr. CRAIG, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the p-opnety of increasing the
pension of William Matheny, of Virginia.
On motion by Mr. ROGERS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from the Fishdam post office, on
Broad river in Union district, toPinekneyvine,in the same
distnct. Also, Into the expediency ot establi-lung a po-t
route irom Kraytonsville, by tlie Linio stone springs, Smith
Lipscomb's, Rowland's ktore, ami the Rolling Riil,tx>¡spar-
taiiburgh Court house, in South Catolina.
On motion by Mr. MANN, of New York, it
wa«
Rooked, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po,t Roads be instiucted to inquire into the expediency ol
establishing a post road from Herkimer to Utica, on the
south side of tile Mohawk river, by the villages ot Mohawk,
German Flatts, and Frankloit, in the State oi New V ork.
On motion by Mr. MANN, of New York, it
was
Jiejoliii, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po t Koads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing bv law tor the purchase or construction ot suit-
able Arc proot buildings, lor the use of the principal dis-
tributing post offices in the several large citiesol the United
Suites.
On motion by Mr. HOPKINS, it was
Rejoined, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po^t Itoads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the toilowiug po¿t routes, viz . From Wjthe
Court houoe, Virginia, via the hou-e of James H Pip«r,
E-q,tothe Bali Spungs, Smyth county, Virginia; irom
bieklej's Mills, in tne county oi Russell, viaOsbomesford,
to Pendleton post office, in the county of Scott; from
Broadiord post office, in the county ot Smyth, via Cox"s
store, to Sharon post office, in the county nt VVVtbe ; and
o. extending a po-t route from the Laurel post office, in the
county oi Wasimiston, to the house ol Capiam Levi Bishop,
m the comí y ol binytii.
,     On motion by Mr. SP ANGLER, it waa
Rejoined, That the Committee on the Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency ol pioviding by
law lor reiunding to James Brewer, 61 Tuscarawas county,
Ohio, the sum m one hundred dollars, by him heretofore
paid to the United States tor the we-t hall of the southwest
quarter of section No 14, in township No. 8, range No. 3,
military, in the Zanesville distnct.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Ohio, it was
Resoiwwi, That the Committee on the Pott Office and
Po^t Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
e-tabhslunira post route lrom the town ot Minerva, in Smk
county, Ohio, by the way of Franklin, Mount Union, Wil-
liam port, Lexington, Mahoning post office, and Luna, to
Atwater, in the county of Portage, Oaia.
I     On motion by Mr. BOON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post road from Leavenworth, in Crawiord
county, by Mount Prospect, in said county, to Jasper, in
Dubois county.
On motion by Mr. STORER, it was
Re uiiel, Taat the Committee on Riivoluuonary Pensions
be in-tractcd to innuire into the expediency of allowing to
Elijah Golden the airear., of pay a, a rcvuiuuonarj soldier,
from the 2 ith day o^ September, 18 , when he wa-stricki n
from tho pension roll,until the IGth day ot January, 1832, -
wncn lus name was restored to the roil.
On motion by Mr. LAY, it was
Rcso!i>ed, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency ot granting a pin
cion to Sylvester Tiffany
On motion by Mr. MAY, it was
Retolted, That the Committee on Claims inquire into the
expediency of eompensitin; James flobtson for a horse
lost in the servide ot the Umted S tatos during the late Indian
disturbances in Illinois.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, it wa 
Revived, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency oi reviving and
continuing in force for a further period the laws lately in
force providing ft>r placing peraon-s wounded m the service
of the United States during the revolutionary war, on the
invalid pension roll.
On motion by Mr. LAWLER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Oflce and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Jacksonville, by wav of Tal-
edega, MardisviPe, Lafayette, and Casseton, in Alabama,
to Columbus, Georgia; that the «ame committee be in
strueted to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
mail route from Wetumpka, by way of Tallassee and Cas-
seton, In Alabama, to West Point, Georgia; that the same
Committee be instructed to inquire imd the expediency of
establishing a mail route from TuslatgH, by way ot Tallas-
see, Oaklu ka, Shrop hlns, and Spiaggmsville, to Mardw-
vdle, in Alabama.
On motion by Mr. LYON, it was
Remised, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of amending the
act of Congress, passed on the 2Jd of Mav, 1828, entitled
" An act for the relief of the purchasers of the public land 
that have reverted fur the non payment ot the purchase
money;" and the act on the same subject,passed in June,
1832, so as to enable the heirs or legal representatives of
deceased persorrs to draw senp on all forteited land stock
remaining in the name of such deceased persons, upo  th«
heirs or legal representatives of such deceased persons
giving a refunding bond, to be approved of by the register
of the Land Office, m double the amount of the scrip
issued, and under such other restriction as may be thotr^it
proper and necessary, in all cases where the original cer-
