1836.   U
Tjm> <P0NGftESSI€>NAIz GLOBEi
335
Synod of the Presbyterian church had adopted a
resolution debarring from church privileges those
who owned slaves. He hoped there was some
mistake upon this subject; but if it were so, he
could only say that, in his judgment, it would be
an injury instead of a benefit to that church; and
should the General Assembly of the Presbyterian
church confirm and enforce that resolution or de-
cision, he believed the consequence would be a
division of that church by a geographical line,
which would bo a result much to be lamented.
Mr. HUBBARD said that the paper from which
he obtained the information alluded to was in the
hands of the Senator from South Carolina nearest
to him. He would, however, refer to the Sena-
tor from Ohio, [Mr. Morris,] and he requested
that gentleman to state, for the information of the
Senate, what he knew in relation to the resolu-
tions of the Ohio Presbytery.
Mr. MORRIS said he had a distinct recollection
of seeing some proceedings of the Ohio Synod
and also some recollection of the tenor of their
resolutions. They came to him during the ses-
sion of that body, and they attracted his attention
because some of his friends were members of it.
These resolutions, after condemning slavery as a.
moralevil,not to be tolerated in aChristian world,
declared that they would npt permit their meet-
ing-houses to be opened to preachers who were
slaveholders, and that they would not permit any
members of the church who held slaves to hold
communion with them. He had not these pro-
ceedings with him then; but if they were neces-
sary for the information of the Senate before
taking the question, he would bring them to the
Chamber, and put them into the hands of some
Senator, in order that they might be made known.
He felt this to be of some consequence, as fre-
quent declarations had been made in the course
of the debate, that a dissolution of the Union
would be the result of legislation ¿n a certain
way on the subject of the abolition of slavery.
As he deemed the subject of some importance to
the section of the country he represented, as well
as to the Union, he would take occasion to ex-
press his views on it before taking the question.
Mr. KENT had no doubt that the prayer of
these petitioners would not be granted. He main-
tained that the guarantee of the right to petition
implied the right that it should be received, other-
wise the guarantee of the right to petition would
be but a mockery. At the first session of Con-
gress, they had not been in session six weeks
before they were petitioned upon this subject.
Congress then thought proper to receive the pe-
titions, but decided that they had no power over
the subject. He relied upon the intelligence and
patriotism of the good people of this Union, by
the exercise of reason, to put a stop to the causes
of this excitement. After much reflection, he
liad come to the conclusion that Congress had no
power to grant the prayer of this petition, and
commented at some length on the deeds of ces-
sion and the Constitution in support of that posi-
tion. Giving Congress legislative jurisdiction
meant, that it should not be interfered with by the
States of Virginia and Maryland, and was intend-
ed as an unrestricted power in other respects. In
support of which he cited the opinion of Mr.
Madison, and sundry decisions of courts.
He thought, if they adopted the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,]
which was a strong measure, with some degree
of unanimity, it would go far towards quieting
these people, and prevent them from sending any
further memorials to Congress. He alluded to
the apprehensions entertained of the increase of
abolitionism—the open declarations of the Aboli-
tionists, that their object was to direct their efforts
so as to reach the slaveholding States, and the
painful events of last year. He adverted to the
fact, that in some of the States north of the Poto-
mac there were yet a number of slaves, to show
the great difficulty in getting rid of the few they
had had in those States. In the county in the
State of Maryland where he lived, and which
adjoined the District of Columbia, there were
about 1,100 slaves, 1,100 whites, and 1,200 free
negroes. Their property in slaves was of great
value, and he thought it unreasonable that they
should be asked to yield it up to gratify the
peculiar notions of the Abolitionists.   If it were
yielded up, it would be placing the whites at the
disposal of the blacks. If the six thousand slaves
in this District, who were valuable to their own-
ers, and whose condition was now as good and
comfortable as it could be, were liberated, they
would be placed in a worse condition, as there
was no cultivation here, or any means of employ-
ment by which they could live. He alluded to a
paper signed by Arthur Tappan and others, in
opposition to the message of the President. They
informed them that they had three hundred and
fifty societies, a press, and the means of circula-
ting their publications and pictorial representa-
tions, placing them in the most odious point of
view, in defiance of the Post Office regulations.
He thought Congress should not hesitate to come
to some decision, to check these people in their
mad career. In doing so he thought the better
way would be to follow in the footsteps of the
patriots that had gone before them, and say to
them that Congress had no power to interfere in
the matter. Far be it from me (said Mr. K.) to
implicate our northern fellow-citirens in an im-
proper course. He gave full credence to the dec-
larations of honorable Senators here, and intelli-
gent gentlemen elsewhere, that they woujd not
interfere on this subject. It was for the enact-
ments of each State to provide for the ameliora-
tion of the condition of slaves within its limits, if
there was any need of such amelioration. Mr.
K. closed with a few remarks, and by citing the
cases of McCowen and of Loughborough, in re-
lation to the extent of the jurisdiction of Congress
as the local Legislature of the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, was satisfied that the
opinions of a majority of the people of Ohio on
the subject of abolition were such as would be
considered sound in the estimation of the Sen-
ators from the South. It was well understood
that tie opinions of Ohio were against slavery in
the: abstract; but the opinion was almost unan-
imous there that Congress had not the power to
interfere with the subject of slavery in the slave-
holding States. A few of the people of that State
believed that Congress possessed the power to
abolish slavery in the District; but these consti-
tuted but a'very small minority. He did not be-
lieve that one fiftieth part of the population of
Ohio were in favor of either of the two projects.
In short, the sentiment against abolition was so
prevalent among them, that he regretted to say
some outrages had been committed against the
Abolitionists. This liad happened, though, in
only one or two instances.
With respect to the two propositions before the
Senate as to the manner of disposing of the me-
morial, he could not concur with the one of the
Senator from South Carolina, because it was not
in, accordance with the opinions of the'people of
his State, and involved constitutional objections.
The right of petition was secufed by the Consti-
tution, and the rejection of the one before them
would be a violation of that right; at all events,
even if the question was doubtful, the refusal to
receive would present a new issue, and lead to
mischief. He therefore,could not vote for it. fie
was equally opposed to the motion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, to reject the petition without
assigning the reasons for so doing; because such
a course, taken with a reasoning and thinking
people, such as these memorialists were,, would
not be treating them with proper respect. He
thought, therefore, that, with the rejection of the
memorial, there ought to be the reasons for it dis-.
tinctly given and spread upon the journal, in
order that the memorialists might see distinctly
the unreasonableness of their request, and the
mischief that would result from granting it.
Mr. EWING, after speaking of the peculiar
situation of the District, governed so differently
from any other portion of the Union, having even
no Representative here, and depending upon the
good faith of Congress impliedly pledged, de-
clared that we would not pass Buch a law as the
one contemplated by the petitioners, even if it
did not interfere with the feelings of the people
of the South, or with the rights of the people
secured by the act of cession. , It would have the
effect to drive off the present inhabitants froin the
District, and people it with another population. ;
He would notcommitsuchan actof injustice,even
if the people of the South joined with the North
in asking it. His impressions were that there
was one remedy for the evils produced by these
abolition memorials, and that was the one sug-
gested by the resolution of the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] to retrocede the Dis-
trict to the States who gave it. This course would
effectually put an end to the evil, but he doubted
whether it would meet the approbation of Con-
gress. He would suggest that to permit the peo-
ple of this District to meet in convention, anil
to form a constitution under certain regulations,
would perhaps be a better plan. He would at the
proper time submit a proposition to that effect.
On motion by Mr. CALHOUN, the Senate-
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 8, 1836.
Hop. Dixon H. Lewis, of Alabama, appeared,
was qualified, and took his seat.
Mr BOON moved to suspend the rule for one
hour, for the purpose of enabling the standing
■ committees to report.
j Mr. HALEY moved to amend the motion by
including the presentation of resolutions; which
Was negatived.
Mr. Boon's motion was also disagreed to.
Mr. BOON then moved to suspend the rule, in
order to enable him to make a report from the
Committee on the Public Lands; which was neg-
atived.
ADJOURNMENT TO THURSDAY.
Mr. JARVIS said that it had been announced
in the morning papers, that the frigate Columbia
would be launched from the navy-yard in this
city, to-morrow, at eleven o'clock. As many of
the members had never witnessed the launch of
a ship, and particularly of a vessel of war, and
might desire to do so, he would move to suspend
the rule, in order to enable' him to submit a mo-
tion, that when the House adjourns to-day it
would adjourn to meet to-morrow, at two o'clock,
p. m.
The motion 'to suspend the rule was agreed to;
when Mr. JARVIS submitted the motion indi-
cated.
Mr. HEISTER moved to amend by substitut-
ing one for two o'clock; which was negatived.
|     Mr HALL, of Vermont,- moved to amend the
| motion by proposing to adjourn over from this
day to Thursday.
i     Mr. HOPKINS said that ithad beenannounced
in tho morning papers that the ship Columbia
; would be launched at the navy-yard to-morrow
morning, at eleven o'clock.  There could then be
no  necessity for the adoption of the resolution
itself, and still less for the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hall.]  Oí 
j the contrary, those members who chose to do so
would have an opportunity o£ seeing the vessel
¡ launched, without an adjournment, and  might
', return to'.their seats in this House without pre-
judice, to the public business.    He could not,
| therefore, justify it to himself to vote for the
proposition, and hoped that the question might
be taken by yeas and nays.
¡     Mr. BROWN moved to lay the resolution and
amendment on the table; which was negatived.
I    Mr. Haxl's amendment was then agreed to—
ayes 118, docs not bouuted.
• Messrs. CONNOR and CUSHMAN simulta-
neously called for the yeas and nays on the adopt-
ion of the resolution as amended.
On a count by the-Chair, there appeared 28
for, and 141 opposed to, taking the question by
yeas and nays; but before the decision was an-
nounced,   •           ••
Mr. SHEPPERD asked for tellers; and the
same being appointed, «nd a count being had,
there appeared 27 in favor, and 155 against, taking
the question by yeas and nays; and they were
accordingly not ordered.
The resolution was then agreed to.
WEST POINT ACADEMT.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of offering the following
resolution, which was read from the Clerk's
table. Mr. H.. remarked, that he did not expect
many vote  in favor of it from gentlemen who
