1880Ü
THB. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
Smith, Spamrler, Steete, Storer, Sotheitaiti, TajrlW, íobn |
1 lom on   1 oucci,   To  n% 1 urncr, Turnll, \ andcrpoel,
\iimn, W ml, W ird\\Ul, Wellington, Webster, White,
an I Whittle-^\ —IJQ
WÍ5-Mi-<n Btale,Be-iumQnt,Bo\ee Bold Bunch,
Bwium Jonn Calhnon, t mnpbell, Outer, Casev, Cbanej,
Unipinin Coles, Connnr, Cushman,Darlington, Oeberry,
Etfi r, Kr> Gilbraith, Griliim. Graves, Uiajaon, Gritfin,
H mm san, Hardin, S imu 1 S Hirn on, IHnes, Iliukin-,
flopkni ,Jo-op'i Jo'in-on, John W Jones, Benjamin Jones,
kmnird l\lin«en-mith, Lawltr, Luke Lea, Lewis,, Losan,
Luea-, Job M inn. Martin. John Y Ma on, Maury, May,
McCirt>,MiCoina-, Mctiav, MeL"nc, Montgomen, Mor
gin,Mom- Owens, Park-, Patlon DuteeJ Pearet, Frank-
lin Pierce, Ueneher John Beynoldt , Koanc, Bobertson,
Shield-, ¡Standi fer, Thomas, Underwood, Lewis William ,
and Sherrod Williams—67
So the motion to suspend the rule was carried
in the affirmative.
The bill was then taken up, the question being
on its final passage, and
Mr  CRAIG demanded the previous question.
Mr. PATTON moved a call of the House.
Mr. VINTON said he had voted in the affirm-
ative for the motion to suspend the rules, on the
understanding that the bill should be debated;
but if the previous question should be insisted
on, he would move a reconsideration of the vote
to suspend the rules; whereupon
Mr. CRAIG withdrew his demond for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. EVERETT, after some explanatory re-
marks, moved to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with the following instructions:
Strike oat all after the enacting clause, and insert the
Éoüowiag.
That o  account of the late destructive fire in the city of
New York, on the Miteenth day of December last, the col
lector of Hie port of New York is hereby authorized to ex
tend to all person  the time of payment ol all duties secured
at that port, by bonds given betore aud falling due on and
aiter that day, aud to cancel such bonds; and in case such
binds have bsen paid, to refund the money so paid out of
any money in his hands, upon their giving to said collector
new boiids, with one or more sureties, to the satisfaction
of said collector, tor the sums of the former bonds, payable
with interest, (after the time of pajment specified in such
former bonds,) at the rate of three per cent per annum, in
equal installments, in one, two, and three years from the
said lime of piyinent, or in one >ear from such time of pay-
ment without interest, at their election, which new bonds
shall be proceeded with, in all respects, like other bonds
taken by collectors for duties due to the United States, and
shall have the same force and validity
Mr. HARDIN opposed the instructions. They
were, in his opinion, far more objectionable than
the original bill, proposing, as they did, to extend
the credit twelve months, without any interest,
and for one, two, and three years, at an interest of
three per cent. He was at a loss to perceive
why the gentleman from Vermont should have
opposed the original bill, for his amendment was
ten times more favorable to those interested than
the bill itself. Mr. H should vote to recommit
the bill, but without these instructions.
Mr. BOULDIN remarked, he would not say
anything upon this subject, if it were not that he
had voted to take up thebillashorttimeago. This,
he said, might be misunderstood by the friends
of the bill and his constituents to be an intimation
that he would vote for the bill on its passage. He
said he would not vote for it in its present shape,
or as it was proposed to be amended, or in any
shape that he had any hope it would be amended.
He merely thought it was time the question was
settled. He would vote for it if so amended as to
provide, first, for such cases as those in which
the United States were about to lose a debt, in
whole or in part, by reason of the fire. This was
what any prudent creditor would do. If there
were any goods imported liable to drawback, he
was willing to give up the duty on those goods
if they were burnt He said he was an inland
man, and not will acquainted with commerce; but
had understood that goods brought into this coun-
try, and intended to be exported, although the
duty was charged on their being brought into the
country, yet it was given up if the goods were ex-
Eorted. Were there any goods m this condition
e would give up the duty, but he would go no
further. The right to duty liable to drawback was
one not perfect. The bargain was conditional, and
the fire put it out of the power of the merchant
to perform his part, if he wished to export the
goods. The Government had to take the chances
against it, and was entitled to the chanees in
its favor. They stood on the same ground as
other creditors.   They were mere creditors: their
being debtors had been .relied on as a ground to
authorize the interfi rence of this House. The
money proposed to be loaned out or given away
was money of the people of the United States,
and not of this House This House had no right
to give it away upon objects of chanty, whether
their debtors or not. We had nothing to do (Mr.
B said) with the money of the people, except to
lay it out for their benefit under the law and Con-
stitution. We liad no right to lay it out in a char-
itable way. He could see no distinction between
this and anycase of privatemisfortune. Whether
one oi a thousand suffered by accident or provi-
dential occurrence, or otherwise, made no differ-
ence; only this—if one single individual suffered,
he felt solitary and lonely in his misfortune. If
many suffered together, there was something like
sympathy to console them. He did not mean
that the people of New York had not the sympa-
thy of this House. They had the sympathy (
of this House and of the country, and he was
conscious they had his. But we had no right to
gratify our charitable and sympathetic feelings at
the expense of the public. He said he had ad-
mired the exposition given by Chancellor Wythe,
of Virginia, of thus text so much admned, and
often quoted, " Charity begins at home." That i
is, said Mr. Wythe, we are to be charitable with
our own money, and let other people's alone. A
guardian had spent his ward's money, and his
counsel replied that he was a generous, hospita-
ble, and charitable man 'He said we had no right
to be charitable with the public money; but if we
had, we ought to be equally so to all. We had
no more right to give money or indulgence to the
debtors of the United States than to others.
Where (he asked) is the difference between the
misfortune of the sufferers by fire m New York,
and the sufferers by frost in the south ' Thousands
lost their crops of tobacco and cotton last fall, and
why not relieve them' We had (he said) no right
or power to relieve either; yet all have the sym-
i pathy of the benevolent and kind, and many have
shown, and many will show, their sympathy and
kindness, in the way least of all liable to misun-
derstanding or reproach—by giving their own
money to the sufferers.
Mr. PARKS wished to inquire of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, if it was not the in-
tention of that committee to bring forward any
other proposition on this subject'
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied that his own im-
pression had been, from the beginning, that the
duties upon the merchandise destroyed by the
fire in New York, in cases of failure of the in-
surance companies, should have been remitted.
Prom his own experience, however, and looking
back to a period of thirty or forty years, he be-
came convinced that no other bill would meet the
approbation of that House or the other; and he
therefore believed this would be the only one.
Mr. PARKS considered it due to the House
that this fact should be known, for rumor had
stated that some other measure was to be brought
forward; and, if this report were correct, it was
not treating the House fairly. He hoped this bill
never would have the sanction of that House until
it was understood to be a final measure.
Mr. UNDERWOOD should vote to recommit
the bill, so that it might be amended in such a
form as would be acceptable to him, for he was
willing to extend such relief as he thought was
merited. Mr. U. read a provision he should, in
that case, propose.
Mr. JUDSON said, the bdl on your table pur-
ports to relieve the debtors of the Government
who suffered by the unexampled conflagration of
December last, in New York. At this late stage
of the debate, it will not be my business to detain
the House by adding to the arguments already
addressed to its consideration. My only object
now is, a reply to some of the objections raised by
an honorable member from Rhode Island.
The other day, when this subject was under
discussion, I listened with much pleasure to an
argument from that honorable gentleman, ad-
dressed to us with great ingenuity and force. He
had brought into the discussion the result of great
industry and ability; and yet, sir, it is impossible
for my own mind to subscribe to certain parts of
the argument.
While I would most cordially unite with him
in the eulogium pronounced «pon the agriculturists
of the country,! do also agree most fully that the
class of our fellow-citizens thus alluded to are
highly meritorious, and their interests should
always be regarded as important. The honorable
member has told us that he will not say anything
against individuals of the mercantile class; but, as
a body, I did understand him to allege that the
merchants living in New York were not entitled
to relief, because Arthur Tappan resided in that
city. Now, let me ask, is that a vahd objection
or a legitimate argument against the relief pro-
posed to the suffering community by this bill?
Let it be tested.
Suppose a member should rise in his place, and
uige as an objection that the city of New York
was visited with the yellow fever or small pox,
would that be a good reason against our legisla-
tion'
Should a portion of the debtors of this Govern-
ment, living in New Orleans, be visited by a ca-
lamity like the present, and relief being proposed
for them, would this House be influenced by the
fact that any loathsome disease, with its pestilential
influence, had swept over that city' and would
that constitute argument against their relief?
As much as I detest Arthur Tappan, or his
hypocritical cant, I would not vote against this
bill because he has seen fit to locate himself in
that city.
Another objection urged is the fact, that the
members of the Hartford Convention assembled
at the house of a merchant in Boston the night
before their departure. This is a charge brought
against the mercantile community as a body!
It does appear to me that this objection is ad-
dressed to our prejudices, and not tp our judg-
ment. I do not agree to this course of debate.
It is doing great injustice to the mercantile com-
munity. Whoever may be entitled to the honor
or the odium of that assembly, it certainly does
not belong to the merchants as a body. If you
trace it to its true origin, it will probably be found
to rest with the statesmen and partisans of that
day, whose object probably might have been to
overturn a particular administration, and get into
power themselves. If this were the principal
object, as many believe,even this is by no means
chargeable to the merchants. In looking over
the names of the members, I am not able to rec-
ognize more than two merchants.
To say, then, that this bill shall not become a
law because two or three meichants were mem-
bers of the Hartford Convention, is great injus-
tice to them as a class. It would be very much
such justice as was administered in a State
adjoining to the State represented by the honor-
able gentleman whose arguments have called for
these remarks. There, an eminent judge was
thrust out of office because he attended the Hart-
ford Convention, and another was appointed who
actually voted for the bill calling the convention,
and, as I believe, one who, by his vote, sent his
predecessor to that body!
According to my estimation, arguments like
these should not influence us in the discharge of
our duty. They have a tendency to create a
jealousy and distrust between the three great
branches of national wealth and national pros-
perity. Commerce,agriculture, and manufactures
are these great national resources. They have
equal interests, and shall have equal support from
the Government. Commerce is the channel
through which passes all our agricultural pro-
ducts and our manufactured goods to their final
destination, and through that same channel also
returns to the agriculturist and the manufactuier
the results of honest industry. There is, then, a
mutual interest between these highly respectable
classes, and no discussion here should tend to
separate those interests. Pass this bill, and you
will enable those who have suffered by this ca-
lamity to go on in then business, discharge their
debts to the Government, and also enable them to
pay the manufacturers, farmers, and mechamos
what is due them. When it «hall become the
settled policy to break down the mercantile in-
terest, you will inflict a Wow upon agriculture
and manufactures which will be equally injuri-
ous to the whole country.
Mr. SUTHERLAND warmly and at length
supported the bill.    The country generally, he
