1886.
ItfíÉJ C0N©RE88I05IA^ GLOBE.
839
rights of the Senate In support of this position
he atril the 24th íule of the Senate, and the com-
ments, of Mr Ji ffi r<!on upon it He controverted
the doc une, thit a utusal to receive petitions
was aiefusal to hear the petitioners or to discuss
the m. rus of the petition In this case, the Sen-
atoi from Pennsylvania [Mi. Buchanan'] had
stated the contents of this petition, and they had
been d'scussmg it for six weeks He further
contended that the qui stion of receiving or not
receiving the petition did not interfere with the
right of presentition, and that not one of the m-
teimcdiate motions to commit, «Sic , admitted of
a more full discussion than this. He denied the
application of the precedent cited in opposition
to his motion. He wished Mi Madison had
pursued the same course paisued by Mr. Jackson,
of Georgia, and Mr Smith, of South Carolina,
and many others A petition had been presented
at a subsequent period, when the South had be-
come more awakened, and had met the ques-
tion as he hid done; but the brave, the gallant,
and e\ei-to-be-remembered Senator from South
Carolina, General Sumpter, had been quoted,
who had unguardedly voted wrong
Here Mr BUCHANAN asked permission of
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr Cal-
houn] to read the names of the other Senators
from the South who had voted with General
Sampter; which, being granted, Mr B read them
accoidingly
Mr CALHOUN referred to the construction put
upon the rule by the British Parliament not only
refusing a single petition, but thiowingoutof Par-
liament a whole class of petitions. He regretted
the decision made by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr Grundy,] and, fiom the capability of
that gentleman in deciding great questions, he pre-
sumed he had decided hastily and without exam-
ination He adverted to a case in 1834, in which
Mr Clat was sustained by the Senate in a motion
thatacei tain preamble and resolutions from York,
Pennsylvania, respecting the public deposits,
should not be received. The Senate had the right
to select and discriminate between what they
should act upon and what they should not. If
they had not, everything that was frivolous, rash,
criminal, and blasphemous would pour into this
Hall, and convert it into a Nassau hall; and, by
yielding this right of refusing to receive petitions,
the South surrendered all their outworks, and
even the citadel itself. The Abolitionists did not
expect merely to abolish slavery in the District
of Columbia, they only expected to get a lodg-
ment there to act with greater efficiency in ac-
complishing their general object He did not
expect the Abolitionists were coming with arms
in their hands to wage a war with them, but it was
to be a moral and religious war, the most dan-
gerous of all wars. He could not consent to
change his course to secure a strong majority
which he thought was a fatal majority, not a ma-
jority for, but against the interests of the South.
If they were bound to receive a petition, they
were bound to consider it The motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, although not so
intended, looked like trick—deception—jugglery.
He would feel a profound gratitude towards his
northern friends, if they give that strong majority
in favor of the motion he had made.
The only hope Mr C  had that abolitionism
could be arrested, was, that the  two political
parties at the Noith would not be divided. But if
they did divide, it was impossible to prevent this i
question from running into politics.   He believed i
the virtuous and patriotic were with them, but he I
despaired of success, unless both political parties '
could unite.    They loved the Union, but all this
glory and anticipations of it were nothing com- [
pared to this question, which was not only a case !
of liberty, but of existence itself.   The capacity '
of the South was able to defend their rights; their
resources were almost unequaled,andthedangers
that surrounded them would unite them.   The
alternative with them would be, to do or die.   He
had intended at one time to move to refuse the
reception of these petitions one by one, but it
would have been -worrying to him, and undigni-
fied.
Mr. CLAY rose to make an explanation with
regard to the precedents cited by the Senator from
South Carolina, one of which cases had been
j| made on his motion; and as it was his intention
! to vote for the acceptance of the pration, it might,
without some explanation, be supposed that there
was an inconsistency in such vote The right of
petition had, it was true, certain qualifications,
one of which was, that it must be addressed to a
deliberative body, having powei over the subject
of which the petition treated Another qualifica-
tion was, that the petition should not be insulting
to the body to which it was addressed. This
was the case with the petition fiom the town of
York, Pennsylvania, which the Senate íefused to
receiv e. It would be recollected that this petition
was not intended to complain of a grievance in
the power of Congress to redress, but was in fact
an insult on the Senate Hence the rejection was
not founded on the ground that Congress had no
powei over the subject treated of in the petition,
but on the ground that the mattei contained in
it was offensive. He differed with the Senator
from South Carolina as to the right of Congress
to refuse the reception of a petition. He well
knew that every deliberative body had the right
to determine the time when petitions should be
received, but this was under a meie regulation
having in view the convenience of the body as
well as of the petitioners.
His idea was, that the right of petition carried
with it the right of being heard on any subject
that the body addressed had the power to act on.
He thought that there was enough in the constitu-
tional provisions which related to the District of
Columbia, to justify their considering it On the
subject of the right of Congress to abolish slavery
in the District he was inclined to think, and can-
dor required the avowal, that the right did exist,
though he should take a future opportunity of
expressing his views in opposition to the expedi-
ency of the exercise of that power The Consti-
tution gave to Congress, with respect to the
District of Columbia, all the powers not prohibited
by it, and was directly contrary to that provision
of the same instrument, with respect to the States,
which prohibited the exercise of powers not
granted, and reserved them to the States and their
people.
Mr. C. also expressed his disapprobation of
the motion to receive and immediately reject the
petition made by the Senator from Pennsyh ama
He did not think it a safe, substantial, and effi-
cient enjoyment of the right of petition to reject
it, without its passing through the usual forms
He thought that the right of petition required of
the servants of the people to examine, deliberate,
and decide, either to grant or refuse the prayer of
a petition, giving the reasons for such decision
He thought accompanying the rejection of the
petition with a clear and distinct expression of
the reasons of the Senate would carry conviction
to every mind, satisfy the petitioners of the im-
propriety of granting their request, and thus leave
the best effects in putting an end'to the agitation
of the public on the subject.
The question was here taken, "Shall the peti-
tion be received'" and it was decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 36, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Clay, Clay
ton, Crittenden, Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Ewing of Illinois,
Goldsborough, Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, Hubbard, Kent,
King of Alabama, King of Georgia, Knight, Linn, McKean,
Morns, Naudani, Nile . Prentiss, Bobbins, Robinson, Rug
gles, Shepley, Southard, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, lorn
uneolt. Wall, Webster, and Wright—36.
NAYS—Messrs Biack,Calhoun,Cuthbcrt, Leigh, Moore,
Nicholas, Porter, Preston, Walker, and White—10
Mr. CLAY said this was a motion susceptible
of amendment, and before he sat down he would
offer one. He had thought a reference to a com-
mittee, and a report of the reasons against grant-
ing the prayer of these petitioners, would be the
better way to dispose of the subject, but he feared
a majority could not be had for that course.
There were certain great subjects that ought to
be kept out of the scope of political action—they
were the tariff, the great public domain, slavery,
and the Union. Mr C. commented briefly upon
the importance of each of these heads, and con-
demned the movements m a certain quarter on the
subject of slavery.
Mr. C, after arguing at some length in favor
of receiving the petition, contending that the
refusal to receive it would be a violation of the
right of petition as secured by the Constitution,
expressed his strong disapprobation of the course
of the northern Abolitionists, who were inter-
meddling with a subject that no way concerned
them. He expressed himself in favor of a giad-
ual emancipation of the black race, if it could be
done without those injurious consequences which
would inevitably flow from such a measure Al-
though he had been taught from his childhood
to believe that every man, no mattei what was
his color or his condition, was entitled to free-
dom, yet the retaining the black race in slaveiy
was justified by the necessity of the measure. If
he was a southern man, he would resist emanci-
pation in every form, either gradual orotherwise,
because he would go for his own race, which was
the superior race of the two, and because eman-
cipation must necessarily give the inferior race,
in the course of time, a numerical preponderance
Mr. C , after some further remarks, submitted
the following amendment:
Resolved, That the prayer of the petitioner? be rejected
For the Senate, without now affirming or denying the
constitutional power of Congress to grant the prayer ot Hie
petition, believes, even supposing the power uncontested,
which it ia not, that the exercise ot ltnould be inexpedient
1st Because the people of the District of Columbia have
not themselves petitioned for the abolition of slavery within
the District.
2d. Because the States of Virginia and Maryland would
be injuriously affected bv such a measure, whilst the insti
tution of slavery continues to sub«i=t within then- respect-
ive jurisdictions , and neither ot those States would prob
ably have ceded to the Uuited States the territory now
forming the District, it it had anticipated the adoption ot
any such measure, without clearly and expresJy guarding
against it
3d Because the injurv which would be inflicted by «xcit
mg alarm and apprehension in the States tolerating slavery,
and by disturbing the harmony betw een them and the other
members of the Confederacy, would far exceed any prac
tieal benefit which could possibly flow from the abolition
of slavery within the District
Mr. PORTER made some remarks, expressive
of his disapprobation of the amendment.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that some remarks,
both of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Calhoun,] and of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr Clat,] compelled him to make a few observ-
ations in his own defense.
Sir, (said Mr. B ,) I rejoice at the result of the
vote which has this day been recorded It will
forever secuie to the citizens of this country the
sacred right of petition. The question has now
been finally settled by a decisive vote of the Sen-
ate. The memorial which I presented from a
portion of the highly respectable Soeiety of
Friends has been received by a triumphant ma-
jority. Another happy consequence of this vote
is, that abolition is forever separated from the
right of petition. The Abolitionists will now
never be able to connect their cause with the vio-
lation of a right so justly dear to the people.
They must now stand alone. This is the very
position in which every friend of the Union, both
in the North and the South, ought to desire to see
them placed.
From the remarks which have just been made
by the Senators from South Carolina and Ken-
tucky, it might almost be supposed that my mo-
tion to reject the prayer of the memorialists was
trifling with the right of petition, which, in the
course of debate, I have defended with all my
power. Is there the slightest foundation for such
an imputation '
The memorial has been received by the Senate,
and has been read If this body are in doubt
whether they will grant its prayer—if they wish
further information upon this subject than what
they already possess, then they ought to refer it.
On the other hand, if every Senator has already
determined how he will vote upon the question,
why send the memorial to a committee' It pre-
sents but one simple question for our decision
It asks us to abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia. My motion proposes that this prayer
shall be rejected. Now, is it not self-evident to
every Senator upon this floor, that any committee
which can be formed out of this body will arrive
at the same conclusion' Why, then, refer this
memorial to obtain a report, when we already
know what that report will be' Why keep the
question open for further agitation and debate!
Should it be referred to a committee, upon their
report we shall have the same ground to travel
over again which we have been treading for so
long a time.    I have yet to learn that, when a
