THE COTOEESSIONM GLOBE
M—Ow
H-
li lifinrf  H
Jmhm
BY BLAIK &. RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Session, 24th Congress.
MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1836.
Volume 3....No. 16.
Mr. BENTON observed, that this was one of
those times for the application of the rules of par-
liamentary proceedings. Jefferson's Manual spoke
of the necessity of finishing what business was
begun, before proceeding to auy other, " because
in this way time was not wasted in debating what
business should be commenced, and business was
prevented from accumulating towards the end of
the session." (Mr. B. quoted the rule from the
Manual relating to this practice.) If ever there
was a lime (observed Mr. B.) for the application
of this rule, it was now. They had been discuss-
ing this subject of abolition for weeks; and fre-
quently, when they seemed to be coming to the
end of the debate, something would come up that
would carry it on still further. Last evening there
seemed to be a determination to put an end to the
subject, and the first question was taken, which
was supposed would be immediately followed by
the final question. A new proposition, however,
was now before them, which, with other addi-
tional branches that might come up, might pro-
tract the discussion to an indefinite period. He
thought it would be best for the Senate to proceed
at once to the unfinished business, and settle it as
speedily as possible.
Mr. CLAYTON said, if all the business of the
Senate was to have the preference over this bill,
it would not be disposed of this session. He had
arrived at the conclusion that there was danger
in delaying this matter any longer, and he wished
his hands clear of the responsibility of further
delay.
Mr. WALL observed that he had no objections
to taking his share of the responsibility of voting
against the motion to take up the bill to settle the
northern boundary line of the State of Ohio; and
if any consequences were to follow he was willing
to bear so much of the blame as might justly be
imputed to him. He said this, not from a reck-
less disregard of the interests of Ohio, but from a
itrong sense of duty. We have (said he) been
(br weeks engaged in the discussion of a subject
pregnant with danger, involving the peace and
•eeurity of one half the States, and threatening,
«s they had been told in the course of the dis-
mission, a dissolution of the Union. He asked
gentlemen if there could.be a question of greater
importance before them? Every gentleman had
had an opportunity of becoming acquainted with
the whole subject, and was prepared to decide it
in some way or other. Let us then (said he) put
an end to this exciting"Subject; let us by a prompt
decision carry balm to the wounded feelings of
the slaveholding States, and convince them that
they have no cause to apprehend danger from
here. If (said he) we do not end this question at
«nee, what is to be the consequence? He heard
yesterday that this Senate was to be converted
into a Nassau hall, for the discussion of the
subject of abolition. Was this to be the case;
or were they to Carry out the understanding of
yesterday, to take a decisive vote on it? He
hoped that no other question would supersede
this most important one; and, with a view to the
coming to a speedy decision, he would move to
lay the motion of the Senator from Delaware on
the table.
Mr. CLAYTON called for the yeas and nays,
Which were ordered; and the question of laying
Mr. Clayton's motion on the table was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 22, noes 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King of Alabama, Kin 
or'Georgia, Linn, Moms, Nicholas, Niles, Porter, Ru"sle^
Süppley,Tallmadge,WaJkpr,Wall,VVlute,and\Vright-Ui2'.
NAYri—Mos r-. Clay, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, E\v-
in of Illinois, Irving of Ohio, Gold-.borough, Hendricks
Knight. Leigh, IMcKean, Moore, Naudain, Prentiss Rotv
bun, Robinson, tiouUiard, Swii't, Tipton, and Tomlinson—
8(J.
THE PENNSYLVANIA QUAKER MEMORUL.
The unfinished business was then taken up, be-
ing the petition of the Society tff Friends to abol-
ish slavery in the District ot Columbia; the ques-
tion being on Mr. Clayton's motion to amend
16
the motion of Mr. Buchanan, to reject the prayer
of the petition.
Mr. PORTER had moved yesterday to lay the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay]
on the table, in order that he might have time for
reflection. While that motion was pending, on
motion by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Morris]
the Senate adjourned, which fully embraced the
object of his (Mr. P.'s) motion. He was anxious
to pursue that course best calculated to accomplish
the object. He had reflected last night upon the
matter, and had come to the conclusion that it
was better for the southern Senators to vote for
the naked proposition of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Buchanan.] Without additional
reasons being assigned, he thought it better not
to go for the proposition of the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Clay.] There was such a con-
trariety of opinion in the Senate as to the proper
mode of disposing of this exciting subject, that
the proposition of the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buchanan] was the only one on whieh they
could hope to getanything like a united vote; and
as the subject had been discussed so long, and
the minds of Senators made up, he believed the
best thing they could now do was to vote for the
motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania to reject
the prayer of the petition.
Mr. LEIGH moved to amend the amendment
of Mr. Clay, by striking out all after the first
word, and inserting the words '' That, in the opin-
ion of the Senate, Congress has not the power to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia."
Mr. CUTHBERT said he thought that the
Senator from Kentucky would now perceive the
danger of opening the discussion still more ex-
tensively by the motion he had made. If the
gentleman said (Mr. C.) will withdraw that mo-
tion, and allow us to take the question on the
proposition of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
they would have an opportunity of giving a de-
cisive vote, in which every member could unite.
The gentleman from Kentuckymust see that there
was great difference of opinion with regard te his
motion, and that it must draw with it the propo-
sitions equally calculated to bring on debate.
Mr. LEIGH observed that he had no desire to
press the subject at present, much less a desire
to produce agitation. He had directed every word
and expression of his, from the very commence-
ment, with the view of avoiding excitement; and
it was with unspeakable pain that he felt himself
constrained to offer the amendment, not so much
on account of the proposition of the Senator from
Kentucky, as of the argument by which it was
accompanied. He was willing that the whole
subject should be laid over; he wished it particu-
larly, as it was desirable that the most deliberate
consideration should be given to it. If gentlemen
would persist in now pressing the subject he
would persist in the amendment.
Mr. L. inquired of the Chair (it having been
suggested that Mr. Clay, by withdrawing his
amendment, could defeat his substitute) if this
could be done; and, being answered in the affirm-
ative, said that he would, in that case, feel it his
duty to offer his amendment as a new proposi-
tion.
Mr. CLAY said, the amendment submitted by
him was offered with the best motives. He could
not assent that Congress had no constitutional
power to legislate on the prayer of the petition.
He was read y to express his opinion on that, as he
Was on all subjects. Thcfirstclauseof hisamend-
mentwas in reference to his feelings as it went
against abolition, without affirming any opinion
as to the constitutionality of the measure. The
next, in the absence of its constitutionality, re-
cognized the inexpediency of it.
In the reasons assigned, the first was, that the
people of the District of Columbia had not peti-
tioned; and that (he said) did not imply, that if ,
they had petitioned their prayer would be granted,
The next reason offered (he thought) ought to >
have been received by the Senators ffom the South I
with a very different feeling than was evinced,
which was, that the States of Maryland and
Virginia would be injuriously affected by it; and
if they had anticipated it, they would not have
made the cession. In that he had asserted a
principle of faith coeval with the cession itself.
The third reason was, the degree with which
th« injury would be inflicted would far exceed
any practical benefits resulting to the Govern-
ment. This was a substantial reason, which
must exist as long as the Government.
These views would suppress abolition in the
North, and, in moments when the ihinds of the
South were calm and unagitated, would quiet
their alarms; but, as they had not been received
in the spirit in which he expected they would be,
he was willing to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. C. had listened attentively to the arguments
of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Leigh,] and,
if any one could have convinced him that it was
unconstitutional, that gentleman could; but he
had heard no argument that had changed his
opinion. He contended that, as neither Virginia
nor Maryland, or both combined, could abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, the power
without limitation or restriction existed only in
Congress. He had intended to say but little,
and that little in the spirit of kindness. He had
risen for the purpose of withdrawing his amend-
ment.
Mr. LEIGH, in assigning the reasons which
induced him to press his amendment, referred to
the resolutions of the General Assembly of the
State of Virginia, lately presented by him, ex-
pressly declaring that Congress had not the power
to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia.
He did not expect, when he presented these res-
olutions, that there would have been an occasion
so soon to submit a proposition on them; but as
the Senator from Kentucky took the ground,
when he submitted his amendment, that Congress
did possess this power, he felt that it was a fit
occasion to bring the views of his Legislature dis-
tinctly before the Senate. Mr. L. entered into a
lengthy argument to refute the position of Mr.
Clay, that Congress possessed under the Consti-
tution unlimited sovereign power with regard to
this District, under the clause of that instrument
giving Congress exclusive legislation over it;
drawing the distinction between exclusive legis-
lation and exclusive sovereignty; and further, he
contended that Congress was prohibited from the
exercise of this power by the clause in the Con-
stitution providing that private property shall not
be taken for public use, without just compensa-
tion, showing that to abolish property was wot
for " public use." Mr. L. deprecated the doc-
trines advanced by Mr. Clat as to the evils of
slavery, denying that slavery, as it now existed,
was an evil. Such sentiments as the Senator
from Kentucky had avowed were calculated to
impose—most grievously impose, on all those
who did not understand the subject. Mr. L.,
after some remarks at length, said he would be
willing to delay the question so as to give further
time for the consideration of the subject; but if
gentlemen would press it he must press his mo-
tion to call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CUTHBERT said the Senator from Ken-
tucky had, in the plenitude of his frankness,
yielded his amendment, for the purpose of en-
abling the Senate to come to a final and united
vote; and now, when, by universal consent, the
moment was about to arrive to take that vote,
another amendment was interposed. He there-
fore corijured the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Leigh] to withdraw his amendment also. The
vote on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Buchanan] would not preclude him
[Mr, £..] from offering his amendment at any
time after this vote was taken, if he should feel
it his duty to Offer it,
Mr. LKIGH replied that he was ealled on to
act on this subject without a moment's delibera-
tion.    He had warned the Senate of the course
