242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
he should be compelled to take, if this subject
was pressed. If the Senate would give him time
to deliberate, he would pursue that course which
then seemed to him to be the best. Mr. L. then
moved to lay the subject on the table, and called
for the yeas"and nay's, but withdrew the motion
at the request of
Mr. CRITTENDEN, who anticipated with
confidence that the Senate would come to some
unanimous vote. He had reluctantly voted to
receive this petition yesterday, with a view at all
times of giving it the most decided rejection; and
in doing so he would desire to conform to the de-
sires of southern gentlemen. He hoped, how-
ever, that the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Leigh]
would find it consistent with his feelings and the
interests of his constituents not to press the ques-
tion of the constitutionality of this measure at
this time.
Mr. BROWN was not willing, by any vote of
his, to procrastinate this subject, and demanded
the veas and nays.
M"r. KING, of Alabama, felt very desirous of
giving the Senator from Virginia an opportunity
of gi\ing as much time as might be necessary to
enable him to determine whether an imperious
duty required him to press his motion. It was
not his desire to hasten him into a decision. He
suggested to the Senator from Virginia, that there
were resolutions among the orders of the Senate
which had been proposed by his late colleague,
(Mr. Tyler,) involving the very question pro-
posed in his amendment. These resolutions must
come up before the Senate, and the whole subject
relating to the powers of Congress, with regard
to slavery in this District, would be a fair matter
for discussion. [Mr. King here read Mr. Ty-
ler's resolutions, affirming that Congress did not
possess the power to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict, and that the assumption of it would be a
breach of faith towards the States of Virginia and
Maryland, who ceded the ten miles square, and a
violation of the rights of private property.] The
Senator from Virginia (Mr. K. said) would there-
fore perceive that delay was not desirable, either
to enable him to carry out the instructions of his
Legislature, or to get the constitutional question
before the Senate, as the subject must come up in
the resolutions of his late colleague.
Mr. LEIGH renewed his motion to lay the sub-
ject on the table; and
The question was taken, and decided as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Black, Calhoun, Clav, Clayton, Critten-
den. Cuthbert, Davis, Eiving of Ohio, Goldsborough, Km;
of Alabama, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Moore, Naudain,
Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss", Preston, Robbins, Southard,
Swift, Tomlinson, and White—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Ewing of
Illinois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King of Georgia, Linn, |
Morris, Niles, Robinson, Ruggles,   Shepley,  Tallmadge, ■
Tipton, Walker, Wall, and Wright—20.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF OHIO.
On motion by Mr. EWING, of Ohio, the bill
to settle and establish the northern boundary of
Ohio was taken up; when
Mr. MORRIS submitted the following amend-
ment:
Strike out after the enacting clause, to the word Ohio in-
clusive, and insert,
" The assent of the Congress of the United States is
hereby fully declared and given to the proviso contained in
the sixth section of the seventh article of the constitution
of Ohio, and the northern boundary of said Plate as therein
described.''
Mr. MORRIS then addressed the Senate upon
the amendment as offered.
Mr. CLAYTON supported the report of the
committee at some length, and opposed the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Mornus.]
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, thought the report of
the committee everything Ohio would desire; al-
though he thought the amendment offered by his
colleague would do no harm. He also thought it
would be productive of no substantial benefit.
Mr. MORRIS had offered the amendment under
¡tplemn convictions of duty, to carry out a princi-
fle in which he believed every citizen of Ohio was
eeply interested, and which, he believed, would
sett« this difficulty as it related to the people of
Ohio.
The question was then taken; and jhe amend-
ment of Mr. Morris was rejected by the follow-
ing vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Morris, Niles, and Wall—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Clay-
ton. Crittenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Ewing of Illinois, Giving
of (lino, Goldsborough, Hendricks, Hill, Hubbard, King of
Alabama, King of Georgia. Knight, Lei^h, Linn, MoKcan,
Naudain, Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Robbins.
Robinson, Sheplev, Southard, Tipton, Tomlinson, Walker,
White, and Wright—34.
The question was then taken on ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third reading, and de-
cided in the affirmative; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Buchanan. Calhoun,
Clay, Clayton, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Ewmg of Illi-
nois. Ewi'ng of Ohio, Goldsborough, Grundy, Hendricks,
Hill, Hubbard, King of Alabama, King of Georgia, Knight,
Leigh, Linn, MeKenn, Morris, Naudain, Nicholas, Porter,
Prentiss, Preston, Robbins Robinson, Southard, Tallmadge,
Tipton, Tomlinson. Walker, Wall, and White—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Niles, Ruggles. and Shepiey—3.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, ¿larch 10, 1836.
Mr. HEISTER stated that his vote was incor-
rectly recorded, on the passage of the bill for the
relief of the sufferers by the fire at New York.
He voted in the negative on that question; and
he moved that the Journal be corrected accord-
ingly, which, by unanimous consent, was done.
Mr. HOWARD asked a suspension of the rule,
for the purpose of enabling him to submit a res-
olution,setting apart a day, commencing at eleven
o'clock, for the purpose of presenting resolutions,
and disposing of the same, together with the res-
olutions on the Speaker's table.
The motion to suspend the rule was negatived.
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House additional testimony (received through
the post office) in the case of the contested elec-
tion from North Carolina; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the motion made by Mr. Spangler, to reconsider
the vote rejecting the proposition to allow Mr.
Newland leave to appear by counsel, in the
prosecution of his claim to the seat in the House
at present occupied by Mr. Graham.
Mr. GRENNELL, who was entitled to the
floor, said he had but little to say after what he
had said on a preceding day. In reference to the
motion to admit counsel he remarked, although
i the decision might interest the parties personally,
yet there were higher considerations which they
' should secure for the House. An office was in
view—a high public trust, which was to be exer-
cised for the good of the whole people, which
made it of much higher consideration than a mere
personal matter. The evidence was all before
the House, and the House had the ability to un-
derstand and apply the law and the Constitution
in the  case;   and the  members were  sworn to
1 decide the question truly and justly, according to
the requirements of the Constitution. But, in re-
lation to placing the parties on a footing of equal-
ity, it was said the other day, in order to show
the inequality which existed, that the sitting
member was a member of the bar, and that the
petitioner was neither a member of the bar nor a
debater, and hence it was argued that there was
a disparity between the parties. It was a dis-
parity, however, of which the House could take
no cognizance; it was unknown to the Constitu-
tion. He asked if the House felt the necessity
of counsel for that purpose ? If so, the House
should employ counsel, and the ablest counsel. If,
then, the House did not need counsel, it was not
needed for the petitioner; but, if equality was the
object, it would be a difficult matter to settle, even
if both the parties were lawyers; one might be
eminent, accustomed to make arguments and dis-
cussions in courts of law, and the other might be
a silent counsel, and there would be an inequality,
although both belonged to the same profession.
Inequality would exist, and how was it to be
remedied ? They could not take professions as
decisive. If they were to endeavor to place gen-
tlemen on an equality, the House would be in-
volved in an inextricable difficulty. It seemed
to him that the proposition must satisfy every
one that the object was unattainable.
But did it depend upon the inequality of counsel
in courts of law, that suits should be decided for
the ablest and against the poorest? His views
were different. On the contrary, he had often
witnessed the weakest party, with nothing but
the justice of their cause, opposed to the ablest
counsel, and prevailing under all those appa-
rent disadvantages. But the petitioner need not
apprehend any want of counsel in the House,
because he would be done ample and impartial
justice. Did the facts prove that counsel was of
no use? He would remark that counsel was
mainly important to see that his client's case was
clearly drawn up and presented to the House.
And after the facts were drawn up, he would ask
where was the vast importance of able counsel?
The House had been told that precedents were in
favor of counsel; but he must say that for the
last thirty years no counsel had been admitted.
Cases had occurred more than once where per-
sons had been brought before the bar of the
House for trial, and counsel was granted then;
but that had been for the best of reasons. Coun-
sel was always allowed in cases of a breach of
the peace, in assaulting and beating a «ember of
the House, or for the like offenses. The House,
of necessity, had to grant counsel in such cases, be-
cause they themselves were the judges and jurors
to determine the matter. To deny counsel in
such cases would be taking away that liberty
which belonged to an accused. In such cases, it
was right. But the present was one of a far dif-
ferent complexion. An office of honor, dignity,
and responsibility was sought; and if his argu-
ments were correct, which he took them to be,
the cases were dissimilar. It seemed to him that
the petitioning member had had all the advocates
that could, with propriety, be accorded to him,
as he had been heard before the committee by
eminent counsel. Having been so heard before
the committee, and that committee having reported
favorably to the petitioner, what more could he
ask? Was not the committee able to present to
the House all the facts which the petitioner's
counsel spread before them ? It seemed to him
that all that could reasonably be asked had been
granted to the petitioner. If he supposed his
rights were invaded he would be the last man to
raise his voice against him.
Mr. MILLER said it was not his purpose to
prolong the debate, which had already been too
protracted. He was one of those who had voted
against allowing the petitioner counsel, and he
did so under the apprehension that counsel was
not desirable. If he wtys not mistaken, it had
been stated by a gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Connor] that the petitioner himself did not
desire counsel. That had influenced his vote
more than anything else. He now understood
that the petitioner did desire counsel, and that he
did not feel himself competent to argue his own
cause on that floor. That was sufficient for him;
and he would not enter into an argument of the
matter, because he considered, when the petitioner
admitted that he was not competent to argue his
cause, it would be doing him gross injustice to
refuse him counsel. He hoped the House would
dispose of the question then, so that they might
have the morning hour for other business, which
was then lying back.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, said he was
not in the House at the time the vote was taken,
otherwise he should have voted in favor of the
petitioner having counsel, because it had never
been denied on former occasions when asked for.
As, however, there was a great difference of
opinion on the subject, which would lead to a
protracted discussion, he moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The CHAIR stated that the motion would lay
the subject on the table.
Mr. PEARCE then withdrew his motion.
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD said, to have a cor-
rect knowledge of the matter, it would be neces-
sary to review the circumstances attending the
proposition then under consideration. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky made a report from the
Committee of Elections, accompanied by a mo-
tion, that the subject be made the order for a
certain day, and that the gentleman petitioning
for the seat be permitted to appear, and be
heard  either by himself, or by counsel.   Some
