18*G;
THE POWRES^iO^l/ ^J.63|^
%*%
doubts arose as to the propriety of the motion;
and in the mean time a report came in from the
minority of the committee, and a paper from the
sitting member. Some debate ensued, when the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Hard] moved
that the petitioner be permitted to take his seat
within the bar of the House. His colleague [Mr.
Btnüm] then moved an additional proposition,
that upon the main question the petitioner have
leave to be heard by counsel. On the next morn-
ing after this, a friend of the petitioner informed
the H ouse that the peti tioner did not wish counsel;
and on the next day again his colleague, [Mr.
Btnüm,] after consulting with the petitioner, as-
certained that he had changed his opinion, in that
state of the case the vote was taken and decided
against admitting counsel; and at the earliest pos-
sible moment the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spangler] came forward and moved a reconsid-
eration. As a matter of justice and consistency
to the petitioner, Mr. S. wished the broadrstres-
olution offered which the House could adopt. He
was in favor of giving him the greatest privilege;
and if a legal question should arise then he would
five him counsel if he wished it. He would let
im have it whenever it was needed. If counsel
was needed, he would give it without searching
over musty records for a precedent. He had
great respect for the petitioner, and he knew he
was nota lawyer by profession. He sincerely
hoped that the House would reconsider its vote,
as he did not wish that this negative should apply
for the first time to an individual from his own
State.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said, he was one of those
who, a few days ago, voted to allow the petitioner
the privilege of appearing by counsel; and with
all due respect for a majority of the House, which
negatived his request, he must be permitted to
say that he was surprised at the result on that
occasion. Some very queer arguments had been
urged in the progress of this discussion; and if
ke had not the utmost confidence in the modesty,
as well as the patriotism of honorable gentlemen,
he would almost be induced to suspect that they
were the offspring of self-sufficiency. The sub-
stance of the arguments against granting the
application of the petitioner was, " We are wise
enough of ourselves; we want no instruction from
any extrinsic quarter upon any questions, how-
ever important, that may come before us; we
will depart from precedents established and
adhered to by our predecessors ever since the
foundation of the Government, because we are
wiser than they were, and will deny to the peti-
tioner a privilege which, when requested, has
always been granted to every petitioner for a scat
here." For, be it distinctly remembered, sir,
that there is not a case on record where this
fririlege, to appear by counsel, has been denied,
f, within the last twenty or thirty years, peti-
tioners in cases of this description have not ap-
peared by counsel, it is only because they have
not asked the privilege of doing so. The con-
tending parties have either, in most instances,
both been lawyers, or the points involved have
been few and simple, so that neither party deemed
it an object to ask for the privilege of appearing
by counsel.
What are the principal objections which are
urged against the application of the petitioner in
this case? It is said lawyers will make long
speeches, and we cannot spare time enough to
hear these speeches. In his (Mr. V.'s) humble
opinion, we shall not be relieved from long
speeches, whether we admit lawyers or not. The
talking distase rages so violently here as to pre-
clude the hope that we shall gain the great desid-
eratum of less talk from the exclusion of lawyers
in this case; nor need honorable gentlemen appre-
hend that counsel, if admitted, will preoccupy
the whole ground, and thus leave us nothing to
talk about. Who ever knew a subject exhausted
here? After forty speeches, pro and con., topics
plenty &s blackberries still spring up before the
imaginations uf honorable gentlemen, and enable
us but coo often to prove that we were never con-
verted ti iLe maxim, that "brevity is the soul
ofvit."             .                                                      ¡
T' vs admit ecu'.sel, we might be pretty sure
th : 'he controlling points in the case would be
pnuerjted to us oy diera.   Courtesy and a sense
of responsibility would induce honorable gentle-
men to listen to counsel; and if the attainment of
truth was our object, it would be far more profit-
able to listen to a methodical, well-digested argu-
ment of counsel, learned and respectable, as
counsel always were who appeared at the bar of
this House, than to crude and desultory lucubra-
tions from other quarters, however honorable.
What pledge had we that the points involved in
this case were so simple and easy to be disposed
of? The honorable chairman of the Committee
of Elections [Mr. Claiborne] a few days ago had
admonished him, (Mr. V.,) most eloquently, not
to cometo a precipitate conclusion upon the merits
of this case; and warned the House, that the
questions presented by the two reports were com-
plicated and multifarious; and if judges learned
in the law deemed it no disparagement to their
understanding to hear counsel in all matters upon
which they were called to adjudicate, he could
| see no good reason in favor of our wrapping our-
selves in our robes of self-sufficiency, and saying,
in a case of such in terest, not only to the petitioner,
but to the electors of the district where the con-
tending gentlemen reside, " We are too wise to
be illuminated by counsel." There was no doubt
that the vote a few days ago resulted from the
belief that the petitioner did not want counsel.
He now tells you, through gentlemen on this
floor, that he is desirous to have the aid of coun-
sel, and it would be as unreasonable as it was
unprecedented to refuse to gratify him.
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Grennell] had stated an objection to the
allowance of counsel, which, to his mind, was
wholly unsound. He says that counsel here
would be peculiarly privileged, and would not be
subject to the rules of order. This certainly
could not be so. If we made an order to admit
counsel, it was implied that such counsel should
be subject to the rules of order prescribed for the
membersofthe House. Headdresses theSpeaker
or chairman of the Committee ofthe Whole House,
and is, for the time being, as much subject to the
rules of order as any member lure. Counsel
have been admitted in parliamentary bodies from
time immemorial, and we could not learn that
they had ever claimed to be exempt from rules of
order, or that they had ever discovered a refrac-
tory spirit, unbecoming a member of a legislative
assembly. Ho felt the House called upon, both
by principle and precedent, to grant the reason-
able request of the petitioner.
| Mr. ANTHONY said he was present, and had
voted that the petitioner should not be permitted
counsel; first, that he did not desire it; and sec-
ondly, that he did not need it. He viewed the
case in a different light from some other gentle-
men. If the gentleman was brought there on a
charge of breach of the peace, it would then be
proper that he should be heard by counsel. But
the present was a different case. They stood in
the relation of counsel to the petitioner, and they
had taken an oath to that effect. They were also
counsel for the sitting member. He was prima
facie entitled to his seat, and had taken it. They
would give the other gentleman the same privilege
on that question, because a certain portion of the
people had sent him there to claim his scat. It
was the people they were to decide for, because
the petitioner was the agent and representative
of those people. It was not a personal matter
they had to settle, but a matter of interest to the
people of the district the petitioner represented.
Gentlemen might as well argue that counsel should
be employed in every case coming before Con-
gress as in the present. Some gentlemen might
say they did not understand the laws and the
Constitution in relation to that case. That ques-
tion was brought up every day, and therefore
they ought to have an expounder of the Consti-
tution to tell them what were the law and the
Constitution. Two thirds of the speukers in the
House were not listened to at all, and, if they did
have counsel, he asked if he would be listened to ?
Mr. A. said he was counsel, and so was every
gentleman counsel, in that case, and they would
decide, not only for the petitioner, but for the peo-
ple of his district. The petitioner did not ask
anything for himself, but as the Representative
of the people. There were many persons who
came there in the same way, ana might on the
same grounds ask for counsel. They might say
that there was no one to take care of their inter-
ests; and why not carry out the principle, and
allow every one whohad claims on the Government
to be heard by counsel ? It was paying a poor
compliment to gentlemen to say that they cannot
understand a question of law in North Carolina,
without having feed counsel to give them in-
formation and advice. He protested against it.
He believed the petitioner would not be deprived
of what counsel was necessary from gentlemen
who were not only schooled in the laws of the
United States, but also schooled in the laws of
North Carolina. But the principal reason why
he protested against it was, that they would have
a long-winded argument to consume the time of
the House, when they were sworn to decide the
case from their own information. Ho thought
they might as well allow a gentleman to say,
when a matter came before the House in which
his constituents were interested, that he was not
able to argue the question, and must be permitted
to have counsel. He considered it the right and
the duty of the House to settle the matter; and,
if they allowed the petitioner counsel, they might
as well allow any other gentleman on that floor
to ask for counsel to argue the cause of his con-
stituents.
Mr. BOULDIN rose to address the House,
but—
The CHAIR announced the arrival of the hour
for proceeding to the special order of the day.
Mr. DUNLAP rose and said that, by the spe-
cial orders of the House, no measure could now
be brought before the House but by a vote of
two thirds. He had heretofore voted against
making the special orders of the House, because
it was placing a bill in which his immediate con-
stituents were interested in a situation that a
majority of the House could not act upon it, but
it would require of him to get a vote of two thirds
of the House, which he did not believe he could
do but by courtesy. lie had risen this morning
to ask of the House the favor to suspend the rule
and special orders, to enable him to make a mo-
tion thut the House resolve itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole on bill No. 68—the Tennessee
land bill. The bill was one in which his State
and immediate constituents were interested; and
not one hour of the time of this House had been
occupied in the consideration of this subject
since 1829. The House surely would now ex-
tend the favor to him of taking up this bill: a
small portion of the time of this Hou3e was due
to Tennessee. It not being in order to discuss
this motion, he thanked the House for their in-
dulgence in permitting him to make this short
j statement. He therefore moved that the rule be
suspended, to enable him to make his motion.
1      Mr. WILLIAMS, of North  Carolina, ex-
i pressed a hope that the rule would not be sus-
pended.
The motion  was then negatived without a
I count.
SEMINOLE HOSTILITIES.
, Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, asked the con-
sent to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of considering
certain amendments of the Senate to a bill from
the House entitled an " Act for the payment of
volunteers and militia corps in the service of the
United States."
Mr. J. briefly explained that the amendments
in question provided for the appointment of three
additional paymasters of the Army, a measure
proposed in a bill already reported from the Mil-
itary Committee ofthe House.
Mr. CAMBRELENG asked the gentleman from
Kentucky to withdraw the motion for the present,
as he wished to make á report from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means connected with the same
subject.
Mr. JOHNSON assented; and Mr. C. asked
the consent of the House to make the report in-
dicated by him.
Mr. BOON wished to amend the motion, so a 
to enable the standing committees of the House
to report generally.
The CHAIR said it was not then in order to
make that motion.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then asked the consent
