244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
of the House, briefly explaining that the repoit
was an additional appropriation of $5J0,UUl)lor
rer>re^in°- the hostilities of the Indians in Hor-
ida, which was imperiously required, trom the
tVt that the fund« already appropriated were ex-
hausted, and drafts were constantly coming in
winch could not be paid.
Mr. BOND objected.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then moved to suspend
the rule; which wa* agreed to without a count;
Mr. C. then, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a bill  making a further appro-
priation for the repression of Indian hostilities in
Florida; which was read twice and committed.
PAYMENT OF  VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, then moved that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
"Whole on the s'ate of the Union, for the purpose
of considering the amendments from the Senate
to the hill providing for the payment of volun-
teers and militia corps in the service of the United
States, &c, and also the bill just reported.
Objection being made,
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved a suspension of
the rule; which was agreed to; and the motion
of Mr. Johnson- being also concurred in,
The House accordingly went into committee,
Mr. Mason, of Virginia, in the chair, on the
foregoing bills.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill from
the House to provide for the payment of volun-
teers and militia received into the service of the
United States, were first considered.
After a brief explanation by Mr. JOHNSON,
the amendments were concurred in, with the ex-
ception of that which provided for the appoinment
of three additional paymasters of the army.
Upon adopting the latter amendment, Mr.
UNDERWOOD called for a count.
Mr. JOHNSON urged the necessity of adopt-
ing the amendment, as it was required by the
public service.
Mr. DUNLAP inquired whether there was not
a bill before the House providing for the appoint-
ment of three additional paymasters? He be-
lieved that such was the fact, and he thought the
House ought to non-concur in the amendment,
as its retention might induce some members to
oppose a bill which was required by the neces-
sities of the country, and which should be imme-
diately acted on. If there was a necessity, which
he did not admit, for an additional number of
paymasters, let that proposition be considered
separately, and decided upon its own merits. He
hoped the House would disagree to this amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. CAMBRELENG hoped the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Johnson] would not press
this amendment. He concurred entirely in the
remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Dunlap,] that, as this proposition had been re-
ported to the House by the Military Committee
m a distinct form, it should not have been attached
to the present bill, which should be immediately
passed. He was therefore opposed to the amend-
ment.
Mr. WARD said the House was already in
possession of all the facts necessary to arrive at
a decision on the amendment. He referred to
the circumstance that the present numberof pay-
masters had been found insufficient to pay off the
troops promptly, and that frequent delays on that
account had taken place, and the officers and troops
liad gone without their pay for months together.
In case of the sickness or death of a paymaster,
the duties required of him could not be discharged
by any other person, and a vacancy could only
be filled by the President with the consent of the
Senate. He was satisfied that the amendment was
not only proper, but absolutely necessary, and he
therefore hoped it would be concurred in.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, could see no
reason for disagreeing to this amendment. He
adverted to the fact that the subject of the present
amendment had been urged by the Department at
a former session as absolutely necessary, and that
it had been favorably considered by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. It had, however, fallen
among1 the unfinished business, and haying, by
chance of good luck, come up in the shape of
an amendment by the Senate to a bill from the
House, he could see no reason for setting it aside.
The amendment was a literal copy of the bill re-
ported in the House at the last and the present
session. He was no more interested in the pio-
position than other gentlemen. He hoped the
report of the Military Committee in relation to it
would be read, and if a majority of the committee
should be in favor of non-concurring m the amend-
ment, he would cheerfully acquiesce.
The report having been read,
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, remarked
that he had originally two objections to this
amendment, the first of which was removed in
some degree, if not entirely, by the reading of the
report; the second, however, remained, and that
was the mingling of different subjects in the same
bill. He thought the amendment should be con-
sidered in a separate bill, and he hoped it would
not be concurred in by the committee.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and there appeared—yeas 50, noes 61; no
quorum voting.
Mr. ADAMS moved that the committee rise
and report that fact to the House; which was
negatived.
Tellers were then appointed; and the amend-
ment was concurred in—ayes 72, noes 59.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said it appeared
that this Florida war was to be made a pretext
for the appointment of three additional permanent
paymasters.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, rose to explain.
It was not on account of the war in Florida that
this amendment had been made. For the last
two years the Paymaster General had urged upon
Congress the absolute necessity for an increase
in the number of paymasters. The Florida war
was an additional reason for urging the speedy
action of the House on the subject. It had not,
he repeated, originated the proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, resumed. He
thought fourteen paymasters (the present num-
ber) amply sufficient to pay an army of six or seven
thousand troops. If it should be determined to
increase the number, they would have an army of
paymasters after a while. As the Seminole war
would enhance the duties of those officers for a
limited time, he would move to amend the amend-
ment by providing that the three additional pay-
masters should hold their offices for one year, and
no longer.
Mr .JOHNSON, of Kentucky, was opposed to
! the amendment last proposed, and urged at some
length the propriety and necessity of increasing
permanently the number of paymasters of the
Army. The Paymaster General, a distinguished
and honorable officer, had informed them that he
could not, with the present force, pay off the
' troops promptly and punctually. He had called
for this increase, and he (Mr. J.) felt bound to
take the word of the Paymaster General, that it
•was required by the public service. He trusted,
therefore, that the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] would not pre-
vail .
Mr. SMITH said the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] was well
worthy of consideration; for, in a bill for an
appropriation of a temporary character, the Sen-
ate had appended a permanent proposition, with-
out, at the same time, furnishing a single fact of
its propriety or necessity. He therefore thought
at least the limit ought to be somewhat commen-
surate with the occasion giving rise to it. If it
was a proposition to add those three paymasters
for a short period, or to a period approximating
the time of the present emergency of the appro-
priation, objections to it, strong as they then
would be, might be waived; but this was not the
proper place or occasion to provide for these
permanent officers. It was entailing an expense
of nearly $6,000 a year upon the country—
#1,934 66 being the pay for each of those officers.
If he were as convinced of the necessity of these
additional paymasters as the gentleman from
Kentucky himself, he should vote against their
being provided for in the present bill, though he
might be in favor of a distinct proposition. If
the House should, however, concur in the Sen-
ate's amendment, he hoped at least the provision of
i, the gentleman from Tennessee would be adopted.
Mr. MANN, of New York, followed in reply
to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Johnson.]
He could not see the necessity of this additional
force. There were already six hundred and sev-
enty-one officers of the Army, whose pay alone
amounted to $860,706. leaving alone the Army
itself. He was not disposed to put such high
confidence in the head of a Department as the
gentleman did. There were continual calls for
the increase of officers, paymasters, topographical
engineers, &c. Why, if the present number of
paymasters was insufficient for our little Army,
what would be the consequence if circumstances
should ever require the country to raise a force
of a hundred thousand men ? They would want
one paymaster to every other man. There were
now between six and seven hundred officers to
five thousand men, and he was at a loss to see
the necessity for more officers. He hoped the
amendment of the Senate would be rejected.
Mr. WFÍITE, of Florida, said, so far from this
being a temporary appropriation lull, it was no
appropriation at all, for it merely provided per-
manent regulations for the payment of militia in
the service of the United States, whenever they
were called out; and the amendment could be as
well added to this bill as to any other. With re-
gard to the expense, he believed a larger sum of
money would be disbursed without the appoint-
ment of these additional paymasters, than their
salaries would amount to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD was convinced the pro-
posed addition to the Army ought not to be made.
He was not disposed, like his honorable colleague,
[Mr. Johnson,] to take the mere assertion of any
head of a bureau as his authority, unless that of-
ficer at the same time furnished all the facts and
data upon which his assertion was based, and
then Mr. U. would form his own judgment.
There were now fourteen paymasters, and each
of them had no more than eight or nine stations
to attend to, which, with the great facilities for
traveling, were surely not more than they could
do. He was satisfied the requisition ought not
to be complied with, and he hoped the amend-
ment of the Senate would not be concurred in.
Mr. PARKER remarked that the provisions
of this amendment had b.«en before the House
for the last two years; and the only reason they
had never been acted on and passed was because
the House, from the load of business before it,
had never reached them. Mr. P. was disposed
to take the evidence of an officer of the Govern-
ment, whose high character and official qualifica-
tions were unquestionable, and his integrity un-
impeached; and any measure recommended by
such a man should have with him its due weight.
Mr. P. then read some extracts from the report
of the Military Committee of the last Congress,
recommending the appointment of three addi-
tional paymasters, and expressed a hope that the
amendment wrould be concurred in.
Mr. CAMBRELENG could not vote for this
proposition in its present shape, even if he was
in favor of the object, for he objected to the prin-
ciple of adding such riders to bills, or rather bills
upon bills, which had no connection with each
other. The gentleman from Kentucky had told
them that the proposition had no reference to the
campaign in Florida, and had objected to the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee on
that very ground. Mr. C. had no more idea that
a measure which, if separately taken up, would
occupy a week's discussion, would have come
before the House that day, than that a proposi-
tion to double the Army would have been intro-
duced^ Had he thought'this measure would have
been discussed he never would have consented
to waive the special order on the appropriation
bills, nor would the House have gone into com-
mittee with such unanimity.
Mr. DUNLAP also complained of the manner
in which this proposition had been appended to
an extraordinary appropriation bill, thereby com-
pelling the House to adopt it, or jeopardize the
bill.    He warmly opposed the amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY thought, if a measure that was
right in itself could be brought in, it mattered
little in what bill it was introduced, or in what
place it was found. This was a matter that could
as well be passed in this present billas anywhere
else.    It was well known that the duties of this
