1836.
Ttm C0NGRESS10N&I/ tSLOTIX
34$
branch of the sernce had greatly increased, and
eTcry necessary data had been furrmhed by the |
paymaster genera', whose report to the present
Con^rtss Mr A  lead.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, opposed the
amondmcnt on the ground of the principle of in-
troducios such a measure in a bill having no ne-
cessai y connection with it, and for this reason,
rf his own proposition was disagreed to he should
be compelled to vote against the whole bill. He
could not brins himself to believe that the addi-
tional force \k \s necessary, for lie thought it did
not require seventeen paymasters to pay soma six
or seven thousand men
Mr FREN CH was in favor of the amendment,
on the ground of the great increase of duties, and
the immense extent of territory over which the
duties of the pa) masters extended, and the time
required—three months—to make the payments.
Mr. ADAMS should vote for the amendment
of the gentleman fiord Tennessee, for he was
satisfied that fourteen paymasters were quite
enough to pay five thousand men; but, if an ad-
dition was asked for, he should like to see the
reasons for the requisition. The great objection,
however, to the amendment was, that it did not
belong to the bill. It was an attempt to "smug-
gle" in a permanent law a temporary appro-
priation bill, and was entailing an additional
charge npon the people He strongly condemned
the mode by which it was introduced  as it would
be the means of compelling members who dis-
agreed to the amendmfnt to vote, against their
wishes and intention, against the whole bill He
yet hoped, however, that in the House the amend-
ment w ould not bo concurred in, although a small
vote in its favor had been taken in the committee
Mr. A. called the attention of the House to former
precedents in tacking on new matters to appro-
priation tails, particularly one with reference to
«ending a Minister to Great Britain. In the item
of a general appropriation bill providing for the
salary of a Minister to that country, the Senate
introduced a provision, that, if he was appointed
during the recess, he should not be paid unless
his nomination was ratified by the Senate, which
was a direct violation of the law and the Consti-
tution. Mr A entered mto the history of the
proceedings on this ease at some length, by way
of illustration to the present, which he contended,
to a certain extent, was precisely on the same
ground, because it gave the Senate the power to
frustrate the legislation of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, contended there
was no incongruity in the introduction of this
proposition in the present bill, for it was neces-
sarily identified with the military regulations of
the Government.
Mr. J. supported the amendment at some
length, and. denied that there had been any smug-
gling in the case. There was General Towson s
report, the report of the Committee on Military
Affairs, and the bill the latter had reported, all
before the House. Mr. J. passed a high eulogy
on the present Paymaster General.
Mr. MANN, oí New York, again opposed the
amendment. The gentleman from Kentucky had
himself distinctly stated that the first amendment
of the Senate ívaking the provision for the ap- '
pointment of additional paymasters, was not
made with reference to the present situation of
affairs in Florida, and it was no argument with
Mr. M. that the head of a bureau required it,
whatever might be his character for honor and
integrity
Mr. LANE said a few words in reply.
The amendment of Mr JOHNSON, of Ken-
tucky, was th«n agreed to without a count.
Mr. McKAY said a few words in explanation
of the amendment, which was merely to change
the tenure of office to one year.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then non-concurred in.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, then moved a.
reconsideration of the vote of the committee con-
curring in the first amendment of the Senate,
providing for the appointment of three additional
paymasters, which was agreed to, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was non-concurred in.
A further amendment, providing for the ap-
pointment and pay of the clerks, was then non-
concurred in, and that part of the title of the bill
setting forth the provision for the additional pay-
masters was stricken out, and the bill was then I
laid asido                                                                    [
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee took up and considered the bill making
further appropriations for the repression of Indian
hostilities in Florida.
The committee then rose; and the two fore*
going bills were reported to the House.
The House concurred in the ieport of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the last bill, and it was
ordered to be engrossed and read the third time
to-morrow.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill pro-
viding for the payment of volunteer and militia
corps in the service of the United States, agreed
to in the Committee of the Whole, were con-
| curred in by the House, and the House also con-
curred with the Committee of the Whole in their
disagreement to the other amendments of the
Senate.
STATE GOVERNMENT IN ARKANSAS.
The SPE 4KER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting the constitution adopted by a con-
vention held in the Territory of Arkansas, to-
gether with various! documents, in relation to the
formation of a State government by that Terri-
tory, which on motion by Mr. Brown, were re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories and ordered
to be minted.
REGISTERED SEAMEN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
report from the Secretary of State, in relation to
the number of seamen entered at the several ports
in the United States, &c, which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JENIFER asked the consent of the House
to offer a resolution directing an inquiry into the
expediency of changing a post route in Maryland
Mr. J. explained that he was compelled to offer
the resolution at this time, in consequence of the
uncourteous manner in which his applications had
been treated by the Post Office Department; and
he read a letter from Mr. Hobble, the Assistant
Postmaster General, on the subject.
Objection being made, Mr. J. moved to suspend
the rules.
Pending this motion,
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
an adjournment, whieh was carried, and
The House adjourned at five o'clock, p. m.
IN SENATE
Friday, March 11, 1836.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Treasury Department, showing, in compliance
with the resolution of the Senate of the 7th in-
stant, the total amount expended on the construc-
tion and repairs of the Cumberland road; and on
motion by Mr Clay, it was ordered to be printed.
Mr BUCHANAN presented the petition of
the administrators of Brigadier General John P
de Haas; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH presented the petition
of John Kent, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr TOMLINSON presented the petition of
Abel Turney, praying for arrears of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of sundry
merchants of the city of New York, praying for
a repeal of the duty on mown linens; which was
referred to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. TIPTON presented the documents of John
Smith, the petition of William T. Lewis and
Hiram H. Lewis, and the petition of Joseph Le-
franbois, third head chief of the Pottawatomie
Indians; all of which were referred to the appro-
priate committee.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. KNIGHT, from the Committee on Manu-
factures, to which was referred the bill allowing
a drawback on foreign hemp, manufactured into
cordage when exported, reported the same with-
out amendment.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, from the Committee
on  Revolutionary Claims, to  which had  been
referred the petttto «i th* Hwr  tf CWPHel John
Stone, of Maryland, reported wafavofftbly on th«
same.
Mr. PORTER, from the Commttteeon Fo/wgn
Relations, to which had been referred the petition
of MargaretMeade, widow and executrix of Rich-
ard W. Meade, deceased, reported a bill for her
relief; which was read and ordered to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
NOTICE OF A DILL.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, gave notice that h«
would to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill au-
thonzing a railroad in Florida.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands b 
Instructed to inquire into the expediency of surrendering tt>
the State ot Missouri that portion of the public lands lying
tai the counties of Cape Girardeau. Scott, New Madrid, Stod-
dard, and Wayne, which has been reported by the deputy
surveyors to the surveyor gtneralas not worth the expense
of survey, on oondition that alt money arising from the sale
of such lands be expended under the direction of the Legts-
lature of Missouri, for the purpose of draining the swamps,
preventing its inundation, and removing obstructions to the
navigation of such water-courses as take their way through
said lands
Mr MORRIS submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands inquire
into the expediency of ceding to tl*s State of Ohio the resi-
due of the public lands in that State Which have been offered
for sale for the term of fourteen years, and also of ceding
the residue of said lands which have been offered for sale
for a less term of time, or of permitting the State to become
the purchaser of the last mentioned lands, at the price of
one dotlar per acre, on a credit of fourteen jcars, except in
case of foreign war, in which case the some shall be paid
for by the State at such time as the Congress of the United
States shall require; and that the same principle be ex-
tended to each of the new States in which the public lands
of the United States are situated, by extending the sales to,
or reserving for future sale, the same quantity of land as
has been sold m the State of Ohio, In proportion to the
whole quantity of land in each of said States
Mr. ROBBINS submitted the following: resolu-
tion; which lies on the table one day:
Resohei, That the Committee on Pensions fie instructed
to inquire into the expediency of malting and1 pasemg an
act explanatory of the aet entitled "An act for tie relief
of eerunn surviving offieers aid soldiers of the ftevytauoa,"
approved the 7th day of June, 1833, whereby persons in the
naval service of the United States on board privateers com-
missioned by the United States in the revolutionary war,
be included In the provisions of sartl pension act, in like
manner as persons engaged m s&id naval service on board
vessels of war commissioned by the United Stated, and to
report thereon
SUFFERERS BY THE NEW YORK. FIRE*
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the Senate took
up the bill for the relief of the sufferers by the
late fire in New York, the question being on con-
curring in the amendments made by the House
of Representatives, and the said amendments
having been considered, wer« concurred in.
bills Passed,
The following bills we** severally read the
third time and passed:
The bill making appropriations for deepening
the bar and constructing a dry-dock at Penw-
cola;
The bill making appropriations for the comple-
tion of certain internal improvements in the Ter-
ritory of Florida;
The joint resolution providing for the settle-
ment of the claims of John S. Stiles;
The bill for the relief of John Laforef;
The bill to authorize the selection of certain
lands in lieu of those disposed of by the United
States on the Miami, and which were previously
granted to the State of Ohio;
The bill making an appropriation for the* cot|)«
pletion of the sale of the United States to tie site
of a light-house on Roanoke marshes, North Car-
olina, and
The bill to settle and establish the northern
boundary line of the State of Ohio.
LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOURI,
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented ths memo-
nal of several individuals residing in Arkansas,
remonstrating against the confirmation of the re-
port of the commissioners appointed to settle and
confirm claim  to lands in Missouri, on the ground
that they are entitled to lands confirmed to others
by said report.
