l£*&
M&cox&u$mmkL Quami
ite
4th That the Government of tfce UtMM «tates «tm)\
ftirnish, at proper 4eposR*ne«, fV r Hi* *4 W ft* persons |
thus called out, all needful tents,arm  andaecooterments  |
5th That there «halt he deposited at the proper points
on the frontier's and sea board, all necessary and proper
arms, including bra*" cannon ami nccouterments and am
munition, to supply Uie enrolled militia when called into
actual «truce in defen&e of the couutn
Mr GILLET addressed the House at some
length on the subjects embraced m the proposed
instructions. [His remarks \v ill be given in full
hereafter ]
Mr. HAMER understood that this whole sub-
ject was already before the Committee on the
Militia-, and, before he was called wpon to vote
instructions for that cormtuttee to report, he
desired an opportunity of examining them.
Mr. GILLET explained that the instructions
extended no further than to direct the committee
to inquire.
Mr. HAMER. was about to move to have
them laid on the table and printed, but, as they
dtd not instruct the committee to report, be woukl
not press the motion.
Mr. GLASCOCK, as chairman of the Coih-
tt ttee on the Militia, stated, that all the facts
sought to be inquired into, and embraced in the
instructions intended to be given to that commit-
tee, were already before that committee. He had,
however, no objection himself to the adoption of
the resolution. AQ the bills hitherto reported to
that House, at former sessions, and winch, un-
fortunately, had never been acted on, were also
then m possession of the committee.
Mi. G. further stated, that lie himself consid-
ered this a \ cry important question, asd beheved
that some measure should be enacted for the
purpose of organizing the militia throughout the
country. Knowing, and feeling the importance
of this question, he informed the House that a bill
would be prepared before the adjournment of the
pi ese ut session, and presented to the eonsidera-
tiou of the House. The bill would be presented
after great deliberation, and important matters
taken from the bills heretofore introduced would
be incorporated m xt. He believed such a bill
would be reported as would -meet the views of the
majority. Whether it would be reported in time
to be acted On daring the present session of Con-
gress was somewhat doubtful, from the pi ess of
business before the House*, but it would, at all I
e\ ents, be reported in eight or ten days,and might
be acted oil during the coming session. He
would suggest to the gentleman lrom New York,
[Mr Gillet,] that any amendment he might
think proper to offer might be offered when the
bill came up for action-. It liad besóme somewhat
fashionable to instruct committees as to what they
were to do This Mr G thought unnecessary.
If gentlemen had any suggestions to «rike with
regard to any plans they might wish to incorpo-
rate in any bill, -fhey would always be listened to
with attention by the chairman or any -member
of the committee; but, independent of this, (et
him ask, if the fact was not well known, that
every individual had it in hts power to offer any
amendment, or any additional clause he mi¿fet
think proper, at certain stages BeaYing this Rtct
in mind, it did seem to him that it was altogether
unnecessary to instruct the committee OTi thepres- I
entoccaSion Heconceiveditwhollyunneces'irary,
particularly as the very object of the inquiry em- ¡
braced in the instructions was before the commit-
tee, and at the same time he begged it to be dis- |
tinetly understood, that he had no objettron to
their adoption                                                          l
Mr HALEY moved the following amendment I
to come in as an additional instruction to the in-
structions of Mr Gillet-
And that the Committee, on the MUitia be instructed to
inquire into the expidn ncy pf piying the militia of the
United States, when called out lor military exercise, in-
spection, and review as now organized
Mr H explained that he introduced the amend-
ment at this time in, order that the committee, be-
fore reporting the bill, might be m possession of
the \ lews of others in relation to the subject He
was of opinion that the mihün, oughtto be paid.
The Government found ways and means to pay
everybody else who performed any duly with the
single exception of the militia. They compelled
the militia, to perfonrf service^ fo)- three or four
days in the  year,  subjected  them to fine and
lmprisanmenf for neglect of duty, and all for
nothing
Mr LINCOLN opposed the amendment at
some length, and v. as in fin 01 of the instructions
of the gentleman from New Yoik. He was en-
tirely opposed to any pro\ isioii foi paying the
militia, as it would tend to degiade the character
of the free born citizen of thrs country, and as-
similate him to the mercenary tools of dospofic
tyrants. He designated the proposition as in
effect nothmgmore nor less than one to get rid of
the surplus re\enue. Mr L bestowed a high
eulogium upon the character of the militia, citmg
vauous instances of their conduct, and hoped a
measure ivould be introduced for its bettei organ-
ization
At one o'clock the Speaker announced the
special order, being the consideration of the ap-
piopnation bills; but, on motion by
Mr EVANS, the House suspended the rules
for thp purpose of proceeding with the call for
petitions and memorials — ayes 112, noes not
counted.
Mr HAMER did not rise for the purpose of
discussing the subject at present, although to him
it was one of as much interest as, perhaps, to
any other gentleman He trusted, however, an
opportunity would be afforded at the present
session of Congress for a full discussion of the
question, he would then embrace the opportunity
of giving his views to the House. He would say,
further, that he admired the high grounds the
gentlenwn from Massachusetts [Mr. Lincoln]
had taken, although he conld not agree with him
in regard to detaih He would say that there was
no better mateiml in any eoitntry for public de-
fense than tt Well organized militia; and no coun-
try ever was free, or ever could be free, which
depended upon a standing army for defense. But
that was not the time for discussion, the rules
having been suspended for the purpose of pre
senting petitions. He moved that the whole
subject be laid on the table for the present, and
the instructions printed, but withdrew the motion
at tht request of
Mr. GLASCOCK, who stated that, when he
was up before, he had only remarked that he was
apprehensive that the bill would not have an
opportunity of being brought up for considera-
tion at the present session, as there were so many
other subjects of importance before the House
which would take precedence over it It would,
however, be reported in eight or ten days, and it
would then be for theHouse to determine whether
it should be consideied at the present session or
not. He would go with gentlemen in their efforts
to get it up and dispose of it at the present ses*
sion.
Mr. G. then renew ed the motion to lay on the
table and print; which was agreed to
The bill making a further appropriation for
suppressing Indian hostilities in Florida w as read
the third time.
Mi. STORER said he did not rise to oppose
the ball, but merely to ask for some light on the
subject. If it were necessary he would vote for
ten times the amount asked,for, but he could not
do so unless it wa-< actually irecessary He said
they had already voted half a million of dollars
for the suppression of Indian hostilities in Florida,
and to feed all the suffering inhabitants thereof?
aud he asked the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means if he could show any reasons
why they should vote more money. He said it
was the practice with the committee of which
Mr 8 was a member, to give the reasons, when
they reported a bill, for so doing, but theie the
committee which had the whole management of
the appropriations of the House mtioduced bills
without a solitary reason to sustain them. He
wished to know what were the grounds for the
appropriation at present asked for'
Mr. CAMBRELENG called for the reading of
a letter from the Secretary of War, which (he
remarked) would probably be satisfactory to the
gentleman from Ohio.
The letter of the Secretary of War was tiren
read, and the bill passed.
j     Mr. HAMER gave notice that, on Monday
j next, or as soon thereafter as Ohio should be called
I for the presentation of petitions, he would ask
leave to introduce a bill, entitled "A bill to dispose
of the wsfiWe énd uflapprerrffcrtéd lands in the
Virginia military district in the Stiafe of Ohio "
COLONIZATION OF FREE BLACKS.
The House took up the memorial heretofore
presented by Mr. Clark, of certain citizens of
Dauphin county, Pennsylvania, asking an appro-
priation of-money for the purpose of removing
to the coast of Africa free persons of color and
manumitted slaves.
Mr CLARK having moved to refer the memo-
rial to a select committee, and that it be punted,
the question pending was the motion of Mr
Patton to lay the memorial and the motion to
refbr and print on the table.
Mr CLARK asked for the yeas and nays on the
motion of Mr. PAtTO-u; which were ordered, and
were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Beale, Bean, Beaumont, Boc-
kee, Soon, Bovee, Boyd, Brawn, Bunch, Bynura, Cambre-
leng, Campbell, Carter, Cbaney, Chapman, Chapín, Na-
thaniel H Claiborne, Cleveland Coflee, Coles, Connor,
Craig, Cushman, Davis, Jlcberry, Dickerson, Doubleday,
Droingoole, Dunlap, Eflher, Fairfield, Farlin, Forester,
French, Fry, William K Fuller, James Garland, Gillet,
Glascock, Graham, Grantland, Grayson, Griffin, Haley, Jo-
seph Hall, Ilumer, Hannegan, Hardin, Hawes, Hawkins,
Haynes, Henderson, Hotkey, Hopkins, Howard, HuWey,
Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, Jabez Jackson, Jarvis,
Jenifer, Joseph Johnson, Richard M Johnson, Cave John-
son, Henry john-on, John W Jones, Benjamin Jones,
Judión, Ken non, Kügore, kungenamith, Lansing, Lawler,
Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Luke Lea, Logan, Loyall,L\on,
Abijan Mann, Job Mann, Mart hi, JoIih Y Mason, William
Mason, Moses Ma=on, Maury, May, McCoinas, McKay;
McKeon, McKim, McLene, Montgomery, Morgan, Muhlen
berg, Owens,Page, Parks, Franklin Pierce, Peyton, Phtlps,
Pickens, Rencher, John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Roane,
Robertson, Rogers, Augustine H Sheppefd, Shields, Sickles,
Smith, Standeier, Steele, Taliaferro, Thomas, Wnddy
Thompson, Toucey, TownB, Turrul, Vanderpoel, Ward,
Washington, Webster, Weeks, White, and Shtrrod Will-
iams—129
NAYS—Messrs Adam*, Heman AHen, Ash, Bailey,
Banks, Barton, Bond, Borden, Jiouldin, Briggs, William B.
Calhoun, Carr, Casey, George Chambers, Childs, Clark,
Corwin, Crane, Darlurjton, Denny, Evan-, Everett, Philo
C FuIIct, Granger, Graves, Grennell, Hilatid II ill Hard,
Harlan, Harper, Samuel S Harrison, -Hnzlituie, Heister,
Hoar, Hpwell, lagvsoll, William Jackson, Janes, Kinnard,
Lane, Lawrence, La}, Thomas Lee, Leonard, Lincoln,
i Love, Sampson Mason, McCarty, McKennon, Mercer,
Miller, Milligan, Morris, Parker, Patterson, Dutee J Pearee,
| Phillips, Pons, Seed, Russell, Schenct, Shmn, Slade,
Sloane, Spangler, fetorer, John Thomson, Underwood, ana
Vinton—69
So the memorial was laid on the table.
Petitions arid memorials werethen presented by
Messrs. HALL, PARKS, and SMITH, of
Mamé;
Mr CÜSHMAN, of New Hampshire5
I     Messrs  LAWRENCE, BORDEN, and AD-
AMS, of Massachusetts;
Messrs. ALLEN and SLADE, of Vermont;
I     Messrs. TOUCEY,INGHAM, and JUDSON,
i of Connecticut.
[Mr. Judsov presented the petition of Lieuten-
ant  Stephen Chamberhn, of the United State 
Navy; which was referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.]
1     Messis   P. C.  FULLER,   WARD WELL,
CAMBRELENG, CHAPÍN, TURRILL, HA-
ZLETINE, LOVE, REYNOLDS, FARLIN,J
HARD, RUSSELL.and DOUBLEDAY, of New
York
1     [Mr. Maun, of New York, asked leave to m-
, troduce the following resolution:
I     Reiohed, That afWr Wednesday next, the daily hour of
meeting ol this Hoos* shall be elevan o'clock, a m , until
j otherwise ordered.
i     Leave was refused
I Mr. Doubleday presented the petition of in-
habitants of the county of Cayuga, m the State
of New York, praying for an appropriation for
the improvement of Little Sodus harbor, in said
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce
Mr Russell presented the petition of Piatt
Halstead and others, inhabitants of the county
of Essex, in the State of New York, praying an
appropriation for constructing a military or pub-
lic rood from White Hall to Plattsburg, in the
State of New York; also, the petition of George
Burnett and others, inhabitants of the county of
Washington, in the State of New York, praying
an appropriation for the construction of the afore-
said road; also, the petition of the inhabitants of
the counties of Clinton and Essex, in the State
of New York, praying the like appropriation for
