254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
the aforesaid object; also, the petition of C. F. j
Hammond and others, inhabitants of the said
counties of Clinton and Essex, in said State of
New York, praying the like appropriation for
the aforesaid object; and also, the petition of
William H.Maurvand others, inhabitants of the
town of Greenwich, in the county of Washing-
ton, and State of New York, praying the aboli-
tion of slavery and the slave trade in the District
of Columbia, and within the Territories of the
United States.]
Mr. LEE, of New Jersey;
Messrs. BEAUMONT, MILLER, DENNY,
and HENDERSON, of Pennsylvania;
Messrs. HOWARD, McKIM, STEEL, and
JENIFER, of Maryland;
Messrs. CRAIG, BEALE, MORGAN, LOY-
ALL, and TALIAFERRO, of Virginia;
Messrs. RENCHER, GRAHAM, McKAY,
CONNOR, and BYNUM, of North Carolina;
Messrs. PINCKNEYand ROGERS, of South
Carolina;
Mr. CLEVELAND, of Georgia.
[Mr. Cleveland presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Baker county, praying compensa-
tion for spoliations committed by the Creek In-
dians within the jurisdictional limits of Georgia.]
Messrs. BOYD, WILLIAMS, and JOHN-
SON, of Kentucky;
Messrs. DUNLAP, JOHNSON, HUNTS-
MAN, STANDEFER, and BELL, of Tennes-
BCC *
Messrs. JONES, MASON, BOND, WHIT-
TLESEY, HAMER, WEBSTER, STORER,
VINTON, and CORWIN, of Ohio.
[Mr. Hamer presented the petition of P. W.
Todd, praying compensation for a horse lost in
the service of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims. Also, a me-
morial from citizens of Ohio and Kentucky,
adopted at a meeting held in Augusta, Kentucky,
praying for a branch of the national road from
Columbus, Ohio, to Frankfort, Kentucky; which
was referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.]
Mr. HANNEGAN, of Indiana.
[Mr. Hannegan presented the memorial of
Major James H. Hook, asking compensation for
services rendered in the subsistence department;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.]
Messrs. MAY and REYNOLDS, of Illinois.
[Mr. Mat presented a memorial from the mi-
ners of the Upper Mississippi, in the State of
Illinois, and western part of Michigan Territory, !
E raying that the right of way be extended to all ,
iwful occupiers of the mineral grounds;
Also, petitions for post routes from Knoxville, !
Illinois, to Galena.                                                      J
Mr. Reynolds, presented the claim of Daniel j
Atkinson, praying a pension for wounds re-
ceived while he was in the military service of the
United States, and occasioned by said service;
which was referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.]                                                                    !
Messrs. MARTIN and CHAPMAN, of Ala-
bama.
On motion by Mr. JUDSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency of grant-
ing a pension to Abncr Green, a soldier of the Revolution.
On motion by Mr. McKENNAN, it was
Resolved, That the accompanying papers be referred to
the Committee on Claims, who are instructed to inquire
into the expediency of passing a special law, directing the
settlement of the accounts of John Krepps, late a contractor
on the Cumberland road.
On motion by Mr. BEAUMONT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Danville to Cattawissa, in
Pennsylvania.
On motion by Mr. LOVE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be,
and they are hereby, instiucted to inquire into the expe-
diency of permitting the Maumee Branch Railroad Com-
pany, chartered by the Legislative Council of Michigan, in
August, 1835, to locate the said road over any of the public
lands it may become necessary for the said company to
pass in extending the same from Manhattan, at the mouth
of the Maumee river, to New Buffalo, at the mouth of the
Gallatin nver, on Lake Michigan.
On motion by Mr. COFFEE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
the establishment of a post route fiom Jacksonville, Telfair
county, by Holmesville, Appling county, Wayne Court-
house, to \Vare--boro', Ware county.
On motion by Mr. FRENCH, it was
Resolved, That the Committer  on the Post Office and
Po-n Road-* inquire into the expediency of establishing a
post route from Grecmip-hurg m Greenup county, Ken-
tucky, via Old Town, to the cioss roads at the Little Sandy
Saline, in the same county.
On motion by Mr. HOPKINS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Greenville, Grayson county,
Virginia, to Jelfersonville, in the State of North Carolina.
On motion by Mr. RUSSELL, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing by
law for the payment of commutation pay, and for bounty
land, to the heirs and legal representanves of James Dole,
deceased, late of the State ot New York, an officer in the
army of the Revolution.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Virginia, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so amending
the act of the 7th of June, 1833, as to extend its benefits to
those spies and rangers who served six months or more
during the war of the Revolution, whether such services
were performed in an unbodied corps or otherwise.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Ohio, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a mail route from Bakersville in Wayne county, by
Millbrook, Moorland, Shreene's Mills, to Nashville, in
Holmes county, Ohio.
On motion by Mr. KENNON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of placing the
name of William Beard on the pension roll.
On motion by Mr. MAURY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Murfreesboro' to Salem X roads,
in Rutherford county, Tennessee.
On motion by Mr. CARTER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
directed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing a re-
connoissance and survey of the route of the Cincinnati and
Charleston railroad.
On motion by Mr. CARTER, it was
Resolved,   That the  Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
port of entry at King's Port, on the Holston river, in the
State of Tennessee.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
pension agency in the town of Bowling Green, Kentucky.
On motion by Mr. HA WES, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Cloverport, Breckenridge
county, by John Hayne's, Taylor's Mill, Hartford, William
Brown's, in Ohio county, to VVorthington, in Muhlenberg
county, Kentucky; and from Hawesville, in Hancock coun-
ty, to Nettsville, in Davies county ; and from Clarksville,
Tennessee, by Lafayette, to Clayton, in Kentucky.
On motion by Mr. HARDIN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of paying Bernard Fowler,
Samuel Overton, and James Green, for horses lost during
the last war, when in the service of the United States, under
the command of General McArthur, and that the papers in
support of said claims be also referred to said committee.
On motion by Mr. McLENE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of allowing to
Elias Pegg the arrears of pay, as a revolutionary soldier, from
the 6th day of May, 1820, when he was stricken from the
pension roll, until the 5th day of March, 1830, when his
name was restored to the roll.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of enacting a law
securing, in addition to a copyright, a privilege for the per-
formance of dramatic compositions by citizens of the United
States.
On motion by Mr. LAWLER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Erie, by way of Daniel's prai-
rie and John's Bluff, to Livingston, in Alabama.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Izard Court-house to Dar-
danell, and from the mouth of the Arkansas river, by the
mouth of White river, to Helena, in Arkansas Territory.
On motion by Mr. THOMAS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making provision
for the payment of two notes, held by H. C. Schnebley,
and given by Thomas B. Hall for land purchased by him
from Henry Lewis; which land was sold by the United
States to pay a claim due to the same fiom said Hall, a 
collector of the direct tax for the year 1816.
!     On motion by Mr. McKAY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of causing the coast
of the United States, between the Chesapeake and the
southern part of Florida, to be examined with a view to the
selection of one or more sites for the establishment of a
navy-yard or yards.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, of Kentucky,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
national road, leading from Portsmouth, in the State of
Ohio, by way of Prestonsburg and Pikeville, in the State of
Kentucky, through Virginia and Tennessee, and to the
southwest extremity of Lirville mountain, in the State of
North Carolina; and that the reconnoissance and survey of
said route, executed in 1831, by Lieutenant Colonel S. H.
Long, Topographical Engineer, be referred to said com-
mittee.
Resolved, That said committee be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of making an appropriation.
On motion by Mr. CASEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making an ap-
propriation for the improvement of the great post road from
the bank of the Wabash river, opposite Vineennes, Indiana,
by Palestine, Darwin, Paris, and Danville, to Chicago, on
Lake Michigan, in Illinois.
On motion by Mr. MARTIN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of permitting the
Legislature of the State of Alabama to impose such tolls for
. the use of the canal round the Muscle and Colbert's shoals,
in'the Tennessee river, as will be sufficient to keep the
same in repair.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of revising and
consolidating the pension laws.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, of Florida, it waa
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to this House the report of Major J. D. Graham,
and the documents referred to in said report, upon the
examination of the route of a railroad from Pensacola to
Columbus, in Georgia.
On motion by Mr. ASHLEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing, by
law, for the issuing a patent in favor of the legal represent-
atives of Gregois Sarpoy, for a tract of 7,056 arpents of land
granted to said Sarpey by the Spanish Government.
On motion by Mr. MAY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Princeton, in Putnam county,
Illinois, by Brigham's and Dimick's Grove, to the Paupan
Grove.
RAILROAD IN FLORIDA.
A bill from the Senate, authorizing the East
Florida Railroad Company to construct a road
through the public lands in Florida, was, on
motion by Mr. White, taken up. The question
was on its third reading.
Mr. HARDIN wished further time to make an
examination of this bill, and he therefore moved
an adjournment, but withdrew it at the sugges-
tion of
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, who explained that
the bill did not embrace an appropriation of afoot
of public land, but only the use of way through
| it, and that the operations of the company were
suspendedfor want of the bill. The contemplated
! road connected the Gulf of Mexico with the At-
lantic.
:|      Mr.  CAMBRELENG replied,  that the bill
,: ought to be committed; for it not only gave the
right of way through the public lands, but also
all the materials thereon necessary for the con-
struction of the road, buildings, &c.    He moved
1 that it be postponed till to-morrow.
ยก;     Before the motion was taken,
On motion by Mr. HARDIN, the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
j                     Tuesday, March 15, 1836.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
< Judiciary, to which had been referred the petition
of the widow of Philip Moore, made an unfavor-
able report thereon.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which had been referred the bills from
