18*6.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23*
the House for the relief of Reuben Colburn, Jo- '
seph W. Wormstead and Abiel Roads, reported I
them severally without amendment.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which had been referred the^etition
of Thomas Halliday, reported a bill for his relief,
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which had been referred the
bill authorizing the trustees of the University
of Michigan to convey certain lands, reported the
same -without amendment, and, on motion by
Mr. E., the bill was considered as in Committee
ot the Whole, and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. WALKER gave notice, that he would to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill to extend
the benefits of the preemotion act of 1824 to cer-
tain individuals in certain cases; also, a bill to
enable those individuals who have been deprived
of the benefits of the preemption of 1834, by the
location of Choctaw leservations, to prove and
substantiate their claims.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. KING submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to.
Reso'eei, Tint the Committee on the Post Office and
Post (loads be instructed to inquire into the eipediencv of
establishing a post route from Tuscaloosa to Fairfield, in
the county ot Pickens, Alabama.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, in pursuance of notice
given, asked, and obtained leave, and introduced
a bill to authorize the construction of a railroad
in the Territory of Florida; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr EWING moved to take up the bill to ap-
propriate, for a limited time, the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands among the States, and
for other purposes
Mr BUCHANAN said he had intended, as
soon as the morning's business had been got
through with, to move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
After some remarks from Messrs. EWING,
BENTON, and BLACK, Mr. EWING called
for the yeas and nays on the question; which
were ordered, and the Senate decided to take up I
the bill by the following vote-
YEAS—Messrs Black,Calhoun, Clay,Clayton,Critten-
den, Davis. Ewingof Ohio, Goldsborough, Hendricks, Kent,
Knight, Leigh, McKcan, Mangum, Naudain, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Robbins, Southard, Swift, Tomlinsou, Web-
•ter, and White—24
N \YS—Messrs Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cutbbert,
Ewmg of Illinois, Grand}, HiH, Hubbard, King of Ala
lama, King of Georgia, Linn, Morris, Nicholas, Nile.,
Kivo, Robinson, Ruggle?, Sbepley, Talunadge, Tipton,
Walkir, Wall, and Wright— 23
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, after some remarks on >
the amendments to the bill, entered into a discus- I
«ion of it  general merits. It had been twice dis-
cussed, but the situation of the country was differ-
ent now from wha' it was when it was up before.
The public debt was not then paid, and there was
 io surplus revenue in the Treasury, at least it was
not conceded, although the friends of the Admin-
istration contended there was. There was no
reason why this bill should be made a party ques-
tion. On a former occasion, several Senators who
were party men and friends of the Administration
had voted for it. The amount of revenue in the
Treasury had been a matter of controversy. Mr.
E. referí ed to a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and details of other reports, to show
the amount of revenue. He included in his esti-
mate the amount of stock in the United States
Bank, which (he said) had ceased to exist as a na-
tional bank, and he estimated the amount to be
received by the Government from that institution
at $8,000,000. Difficulties had been suggested in
regard to obtaining that stock. He knew of none.
But if the stock should be reduced half a million
or a million less in the adjustment of the diffi-
culty, it was a small matter as related to the mam
question. In reply to what had been alleged by
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Kino,] that the
same sum was calculated twice, he admitted that,
if they could mark each $100 bill, and each eagle,
to be applied to each particular object, or if the
Administration was defunct, and they were about
settling up its concerns, the argument of the
gentleman would apply. But the demands against
| the Government were not all made at once; and
if about two millions were retained in the Treas-
ury as a kind of safety fund, it would be suffi-
cient—all above that amount might  be   safely
appropuated  -without  at  all   embarrassing the
concerns of the Government.   He coincided with
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Bentov,] that
the moneyed affairs of the country  were   m a
diseased state, and alleged that there was a spirit
of speculation abroad in consequence of the great
increase of paper money.    He went into a calcu-
lation, from which he estimated the amount that
would be in the Treasury at the end of the cur-
rent year at $51,273,000, after deducting all ap-
propriations, ordinary and extraordinary.    He
said, from an examination of the reports of the j
Secretary of the Treasury of last year, it would |
be seen that his estimates were not to be relied
on. Theyhadfallen fdrshortoftheactualreceipts.
He attributed it to negligence.    It looked like as
if he wanted to hide the true state of the matter
from the people, to effect the political objects of
those in power, though he did not say positively
that it was so.    He referred to a statement he
had made from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to show the average receipts into the
Treasury, at different periods, from lands which
would give in the aggregate tw enty-seven millions
for the whole year, at all events, at the lowest
possible estimate, it would exceed twenty mil-
lions.    He attributed the spirit of speculation to
the increased number of banks, loaning large
sums of money to speculating companies to in-
vest in lands, and predicted that there must neces-
sarily be a crash among them, and that ruin and
pressure would  follow,  which  could  only be
averted by the passage of this bill, which would
now draw the money out of these banks before
the mischief could be done.    Although the Bank
of the United States had expired, yet this dead
bank, as he termed it, was charged with blowing
up tins balloon—this bubble of paper money—
into this vast amount that is flooding the country.
He adverted to the frauds that were committed
in obtaining certificates, and the great number of ,
applications that rested on perjury in the anxiety ,
to obtain the public lands, and which the passage
of this bill would put a stop to, as these specula-
tors could not, m the event of its passage, obtain
money from these banks to speculate upon, and
their interest would prevent them from making a
run on these banks.   On an average calculation for I
thirty-five years which he had made, there would
be $15,000,000 received annually from the public
lands, and, under the most inauspicious circum- I
stances, there was no doubt of $10,000,000 being |
received.    At present, these lands were specu- j
lated upon, and he could not blame persons for
speculating upon them, but it was the duty of a
wise Legislature to place these lands in the hands
of the cultivator, and suffer no middle man to
come between him and the Government.    Here- j
tofore the regular appropriations for fortifications '
were about three millions per annum, and that |
sum had been more than could be expended. He i
was willing to appropriate even more than that
sum, but he did not believe as much could be
expended this year as in former years.    The
Government had not been able to procure a suffi-
cient number of competent engineeis to direct the
to work on the fortifications, and had been unable
expend the whole of the sums appropriated. The
improvements going on in Indiana, Ohio, and
Pennsylvania, would occupy the labor of a vast
number of hands.   The mass of labor, provisions,
and materials used in the South, would be brought
from the North, and íeduce the number of hands,
&c, there.   Although a bill had been reported to
incrtase the corps of engineers, the passage of
the bill could not make engineers, that must take
time.    It had been said that peisons who had
been engaged in building canals, bridges, roads,
&c, could be called to the aid of the engineers,
but he thought that class of individuals were
incompetent to superintend the erection of fortifi-
cations .   He never knew of any particular country
being profited by maintaining armies.    He was
willing, however, to maintain as many soldiers
as were necessary to keep the public arms in
order, or as many as were necessary for a peace
establishment.
This measure, (the fortification bül,) antago-
nistic^ to this bill, he thought would not satisfy
the people; they would not agree to have their
money taken and appropriated to these purposes.
They could not bring the revenue down within
the limits of the ordinary expenses of the Gov-
ernment without distributing it. The reduction
of the price of the public lands would only increase
the purchases, and give rise to greater speculation;
and the very attempt to get clear of these difficul-
ties by means of fortifications would increase
them. The great accumulation of bank paper
was the cause of the instability of the price of
property. He had foreseen this state of things.
As the Administration was on the brink of the
gulf, ready to shoot over the cataract down the
precipice, they now cry out " Bank of the United
States," and charge it with being the cause of this
diseased state of the currency.
Here Mr. E. gave way to a motion by Mr.
Southard to adjourn.
On this motion the yeas and nays were ordered;
and were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Black, Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, Davia,
E wing of Ohio, Hendncks, Knight, Leigh, Mangum, Moore,
Naiuhun, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Bobbins, Swift, Tom-
linson, Webster, and White—19
NAYS—Messrs Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Ewmg of Illinois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King of Georgia,
King ot Alabama, Linn, McKean, Morris, Nichols, Rivers,
Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley, Tallmadge, Walker, Wall,and
Wright—22
The motion being lost, was, after some re-
marks from Messrs. WEBSTER, BENTON,
and BUCHANAN, again renewed by Mr. MAN-
GUM, and the yeas and nays being ordered were
—yeas 19, nays 26.
After some further remarks from Messrs. EW-
ING, PRESTON, BENTON, and BUCHAN-
AN, the former gave way to a motion by the
latter to go into the consideration of executive
business, which was agreed to; and after which
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jtfarc* 15,1836.
Mr. BELL asked the unanimous consent of the
House to submit a resolution providing that, here-
after, the hour to which the House shall stand
adjourned shall be eleven o'clock, a. m., each
day, until otherwise ordered.
Objection being made, Mr. BELL moved to
suspend the rule, in order to enable him to offer
his resolution.
Mr. GRENNELL asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion, which were ordered.
Mr. MERCER moved to amend the motion to
suspend, so as to afford the standing committees
, an opportunity to report.
After some conversation between Messrs.
EVANS, MERCER, ADAMS, MILLER, and
the CHAIR, the motion of Mr. Mejiceb. was
decided to be out of order.
The question was then taken on suspending
the rules, and decided in the affirmative—yea 
144, nays 43, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Anthony, Ashley, Bailey, Barton, Bean, Bell, Bond, Boon,
Borden, Bouldm, Boyd, Bnggs, Bunch, Burns, Bynum,
John Calhoon, William B. Calhoun, Carabreleng, Carr,
Carter,Casey, George Chambers, John Chambers, Chancy,
Claiborne, Coles, Connor, Corwin, Craig, Crane, Cushmau,
Darlington, Davis, Deberry, Denny, Dickerson, Doubleday,
Dunlap, Everett, Fairfield, Parlin, French, Piulo C Fuller,
James Garland, Glascock, Graham, Granger, Grantland,
Graves,Grennell, H iley, Hiland HaU, Hanier, Hard, Harlan,
Harper, Samuel S Harrison, Hawkins, Haynes, Heister,
Hoar, Hopkins, Howard, Huntsman, Inger^oll, Ingham,
William Jackson, Janes, Jenifer, Cave Johnson, Joseph
Johnson, John W Jones, Benjamin Jones, Judson, Kilgore,
Kmnard, Klingensmith, Lane, Lansing, Lanier, Law-
rence, Luke Lea, Lincoln, Logan, Love, Loyall, Abijan
Mann, Martin, John Y Mason, Moses Mason, William
Mason, Sampson Mason, Maury, May, McCarty, McComaS,
McKay, McKennan, McKeon, McKim, Mercer, Miller,
Milhgao, Montgomery, Morgan, Moms, Owens, Page, Par-
ker, Patterson, Patton, Psyton, Phelps, Phillips, Potts,
Reed, John Reynolds, Roane, Robertson, Rogers, Russell,
A lgustmc H Shepperd, Shie'ds, Sickles, Smith, Standefer,
Steele, Storer, Sutherland, Taliaferro, Thomas, Johu
Thomson, Waddy Thompson, Toucey, Towns, Tumll,
Underwood, Vanderpoel, Vinton, Weeks, White, Whittle-
sey, and Williams—144
NAYS—Messrs Ash, Banks, BeardMey, Bovee, Brown,
Campbell, Childs, Clark, Cleveland, Coffee, Dromgoole,
Evans, Forester, Fry, William K. Fuller, Galbraith, Gillet,
Grayson, Griffin, Joseph Hall, Hardin, Hawes, Hazi lune,
Holsey, Howell, HuWey, Jabez Jackson, Jams, Henry
Johnson, Lay, Gideon Lee, Job Mann, McLene, Muhlen-
