256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15.
ber , Parks. Franklin Pierce. Pmcknev, Rencher, Joseph
Reynold--. Sliinn, Spaimler. Wardwcll.and Webster—43.
So the rule was suspended; and Mi. Bell sub-
mitted the resolution above refeired to.
Mr. II VRD1N moved to amend the resolution,
bv pioposing that, instead of meeting at eleven
o'clock from and afterthe present day, the House
will meet at that hour, commencing- on the first
day of Apiil next.
iMr.ClMBREL.EXG thought they had no
time to spare, and the sooner they commenced
their sessions at an earlier hour the better. He
therefore called for the yeas and nays on the
motion to amend; which were ordered, and were
as follows:
YE<VS — "Messrs. Heman Allen, Anthony, Ash, Bai-
lej, Bank-, Baiton, Beale, Beaumont, lioon, Borden
Bo\ti>, Bojd, Brown, Burn-, Bjmiiii, Joint Calhoon, Wil-
liam I! Cillmm. Campb II, Climey. Cluk, Cleveland,
Collet, Cok-. Ciinnoi. Crine, Darlinzton Deberrj, Denm ,
Diekerson, Doubled!}. Urorasoole, Lrtner, I'.\ans, Fore-ter,
Fr\. Piulo C Fuller. \\ ilium K Fuller, Gaibraith, Gillet,
GrJj-on,Grilliu, Hard, Hardin, i-aniucl S Iiaiii-on, Hawe-,
Ha\ ne-, Hol-e\, Hublcv. Ingham. William Jack-on, J ibi l
Jack-nn Jarn-.Jo-eph Jolm-on. Ilenn lohn-on. Benjamin
Jone , khngen-mith. Lav, Job Mann, MeCart}, MoKennan,
MeLt ne. Miller. Muhlenberg, Page, Parker, Park-, Patter-
son, Paitou. Phelp-, Pint knej, Pott , Reed. Reneliei, John
Runold , Jo-epli Ri \ nold-, Ru—ell, Sehenck. t-hinn,
Spangler, Toucev, Town , Ward, and Wanhvoli—b-3.
NAYS — Me—r . \dams, Chilton Allan, A-lilev, Bean,
Bell, Bond, Bunch, Cambreleng, I arr. Carter, ( a-e*,
Giuue Chanibei-, John Chambea , Chapín, Nathaniel H.
CI ultime. Corw in. Ciaig, Cu-liui?. Cu-hni in, Daw-, Dun-
lap, Eitieit. Fairfield, Tarlin, Fieneh, Jame- Carlaud.
Glascock. Gialnm, Gnnger, Orantland. Grave-. Grennell,
Hale\. Jo=tph Hal], Hilaiid Hall. Hauler, Harlan, Harper,
Hawkins. Hazeltme, Hei-ter, Hoar, Hopkins, Howard,
Houcll, Hunt-man, Ingcrsoll, Jane-, Jemier, Richard M.
John-on, Cave John-on. John \V. Tone-, Jud-on, K< nu-Mi,
Kilgore, Kmnard, Lane,Lan-ing, Lauli r, Lawrence, Gid
eon Lee, Luke Lea, Lincoln, Losan, Love, Loyal!, Lucas,
Abijah Mann, Martin, John Y. Ma-on, William Mas-on,
Mo-e- M i-on, Samp-on Mason, Maun, Ma\, MeKa\,
McKeon, AIcKim, Mercer, Millisnn, Mnntgomeiv. Mor-
gan, Morris, Owens, Franklin Pierce, Peyton, Phillip-,
Pickens, Roane, Robertson, Ropers, Augu-tme II. Shep-
perd, -íhiLld-, Sickle-, Smith, Stander'ei, Steele, Storer,
Sutherland, Tahaierro, Tnoma-, John Thoin-on, Tinner,
Tiirrill,Fnderuood,\ anderpoel. Vinton, Wcb-ter, Week-,
White, Whittlesey, and Sherrod Williams—112.
So the amendment of Mr. Hardin was nega-
tived.
Mr. H AWES moved to postpone the further con-
sideration of the resolution until Monday next.
Mr. MANN, of New York, hoped the consid-
eration of this resolution would not be postponed.
When on yesterday he had the honor to ask leave
to submit a similar motion, which was not then
received,he presumed, because at the moment it
was feared it might interfere with the presenta-
tion of petitions, he (Mr. M.) had examined the
Journals of several previous long sessions, and
he had found the practice of the House nearly
uniform to commence their daily sessions at eleven
o'clock from the twelfth to the fifteenth day of
March. This was, therefore, among the induce-
ments influencing him to ask leave to submit such
a resolution. He believed that the public business
required the immediate adoption of this resolution
now introduced by the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] in his (Mr. M.'s) mo-
mentary absence from his seat. He, therefore,
repeated that he hoped it would not be postponed.
The motion to postpone was then negatived,
and the resolution adopted.
Mr. JENIFER rose and remarked that he
would suggest to the gentleman from Maine [Mr. '
Jarms] not to press his motion to reconsider the
resolution submitted by him, (Mr. J.,) in relation
to the post office, as he had received, since the
adjournment of the House on yesterday, a com-
munication from the General Post Office Depart-
ment, which was satisfactory, and precluded the
necessity for the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BEARDSLEY asked the consent of the
House to make several íepoits from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Objection being made, Mr. B. moved to sus-
pend the rule in order to permit the standing and
select committees generally to report. The mo-
tion was negatived.
Mr. BOYD moved to suspend the rule for the
purpose of proceeding with the preliminary ques-
tions connected with the contested election from
North Carolina; which was negatived—yeas 121,
nays 77—two thirds being necessary.
NAVAL SERVICE BILL.                          ,
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House, '
pursuant to the special order of the 26th of Janu-
ary, then resolved itself lntothoComrmttee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Mili er
in the Chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill making appropiuitions for the naval ser-
vice for the year 1836.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Bci i. to reduce the item for the improvement and
necessary repairs of the navy-yard at Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, one half, viz.: from $67,000 to
$33,500.                                                                          I
Mr. EVANS, who was entitled to the floor,
spoke at considerable length. He was aware, as
had just been stated by the Chair, that the im-
mediate question pending was the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Eei l] to reduce
the appropriation proposed by the bill for the con-
tingent expenditures of the navy-yard at Ports-
mouth, Ntw Hampshire. If that had been the |
only question brought into discussion, he should '
have remained silent; but occasion had been taken
to go somewhat at laige into the expenditures
made in all parts of the country, and also upon '
the question of revenues. He was not very much I
disposed to complain of that, although the pres-
ent was not a very fit occasion for debate. The I
bill then under consideration was a bill of an or-
dinary character; a bill for paying seamen and
for the m cessary expenditures in the navy-yards,
and for the want of which appropriation he had
no doubt the public service was suffering. In
that view he would not be in favor of debate: but,
notwithstanding, he could not forego the first
privilege of a deliberative body. They were not
sent tin re merely to register what had been sent
them from other Departments of Government. It
was one of the highest duties of a deliberative
body to discuss and examine into such matters
as came before them. The present bill, it would
be seen, was for carrying on the most necessary
public woiks connected with the Navy. He
thought it their duty to take up the muter as
they found it, and consider it. It was well known
they had ships requiring icpair, and that they
were bound to attend to the public interest. The
question admitted of but one answer; they were
bound to do it, and they must do it.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Everett]
had said it was his intention to move to dispense
with the navy-yard at Portsmouth. As to that,
he (Mr. E.) would say, that the Government had i
property to a considerable amount there, and it
was their duty to take care of it. If Portsmouth (
was nota suitible place for a nav}-yard, he would j
be in favor of abandoning it. and he would do so '
by the passage of a law to that effect; but until that
was done they must preserve the property, and !
provide for the interests of the country. If there
was any just reasoa why that yard should be
abandoned, he would not be for enlarging it; but
if there be no such just reason it was their duty
to protect, preserve, and repair it. One of the
items of appropriation was for a timber shed.
Well, they had timber there; and the only ques-
tion for the House to decide was, does the public
interest require that to be done' They had the
opinion of the Navy commissioners in favor of
those sheds; but as to the great importance of
those works every gentleman would have to de-
termine for himself; and minds would differ on
such subjects. Still, those commissioners wete to
be taken asjudges in the mattei; and, for one,he
attached more reliance on those commissimcrs'
estimates than estimates coming from any other
quarter of the Government, because the Navy
officers had looked with an eye single to the pros-
perity of their country. They were the last men
who would be found negligent of their duty, and
he thought estimates coming from them came
more forcibly than ftom any other quarter. He
had looked into those statements, and could see
nothing objectionable in them. As to the expe-
diency of abandoning some of the navy-yards
now established, and establishing others, he was
not prepared to decide. It was, however, his
opinion, that they had too many yards of con-
struction; but before steps were taken for the pur-
pose of abolishing any of them the matter would
have to undergo the most mature deliberation.
During that time they must take care of the pub-
lic property already at those yards.
The gentleman   from   South Carolina  [Mr. ]
Thompson] had made a long argument the other
day, and he doubted not the sincerity of that
gentleman. If he understood him aright, he had
said that the whole of the disbursements of t]le
Government, as vm U for defense as otheis, weie
unjust, unequal, and oppiessivo on one section
of the country; and he seemed to suppose that
state of things to have been kept up by the north-
ern and eastern people, and concluded by saym°-
the southern people could no longer submit to if;
that it was no Government for them. Mr. E.
regretted exceedingly to hear a discussion of a
geographical character springing tip there, and to
hear the perpetual allusion to the one sovereign
remedy m such an emeigency—disunion. He
thougfit no good could come Irom a discussion
of that sort, and that they would be better em-
ployed in fulfilling their duty to the public in-
terests, and endeavoring to reconcile those feelings
of dissatisfaction in a Government, which had
poured dou n such blessings on the people of
Amenea. The gentleman from South Carolina
had said that almost the whole revenue of the
nation was paid by the South and West. That
(Mr. E. said) was not a new doctrine on that floor;
it was a doctnne which they had heard asserted
there with tianscendent ability; yet the doctnne
had never been asserted but it had been refuted.
It never had been maintained, and never could be.
It had been stated that when a southern exporter
sent a certain quantity of cotton to a foreign
market, in his return cargo he lost a portion by
the operation of the duties thereon. But Mr. H.
contended that the assessment was the same on
the northern exporter as on the southern; because,
if a northern exporter sends out money for a cargo
from a foreign market, he lost precisely the same
amount by the operation of the duty. In relation
to the revenue from public lands, he conceived
the old States paid as much as the new, and that
the new Stati ■> not only took away the money of
the old Stat< s, but also took away their inhabit-
ants. The inhabitants of the old States moved
to the Wist and bought land, and that money was
paid into the Tieasury. Now he could nut see,
in that state of the cd¡>e, but that the old States
paid as much of the revenue as the new States.
Mr. E. was at a loss to see what obligation
there was m the Government to expend the pro-
ceeds of the public lands in the South and
West, since the money was originally-drained of
the East. But if this were so, that the lévenme
was originally derived from one section of the
countiy, did it not belong equally to all ? Was
it not a part of the gencial public Treasuiy, to be
expended only where the public interest required ?
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mi. Thomp-
son] had contended that there should be an
equality of expendituie. Mr. E. was at a loss
to know by what rule the gentleman would be
governed; whether by geographical position, pop-
ulation, or what. The only rule Mr. E. would
establish was to lay out the public money wher-
ever the public interest required it. If equality
of disbursement was to be regarded, the question
would then arise, to what extent should it be car-
ried ' Mr. E. would go as far as the gentleman
from South Carolina for equality of defense, but not
for equality of expense of disbursements. If the
gentleman would devise a grand scheme of equah-
lty of defense,orofmternalimprovement, he would
go with him, keeping in view the public interest
and exigency. The gentleman had brought for-
ward a large mass of data showing the public
expenditure north of a given point. Mr. E.
would ask the gentleman to lay his finger upon a
single disbursement or estimate which the public
interest did not require, and he would go with
the gentleman against it. Let him point out a
single place in the South which requned dis-
bursement, and Mr. E. would vote for it; but he
could not go with the gentleman for his princi-
ple of equality of disbursement. The gentleman
had also brought forwnid sundry propositions
for the erection of public works, armones, &c,
but he had failed to show that the public in-
terest required them at those points, or that the
existing armories were insufficient, but pioposed
them merely because they had been erected in
the North. With regard to arsenals, the South
and West had as manyas were necessary to sup-
ply the exigencies of the troops under any cir-
