18*6.
\í
Tm OONGRE^fO^AL GliOMT.
209
forgotten, or only remembered fbr their extrava-
ance and folly.
Mr. WALKER expressed the hope that the
motion of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Prbston,] to print the names of the memorialists
attached to the petitions in favor of the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia, this morn-
ing presented, would not prevail. These petitions
have not been received—they perhaps never may
be received, and he was equally opposed to print-
ing them, or any part of them, or the names sub-
scribed to them. No useful purpose could be
accomplished by printing the names of these me-
morialists. On the contrary, it might tend only
to increase their number, by gratifying the vanity
of those who had subscribed these memorials for
the purpose of a public display of a false and
misnamed philanthropy. Mr. W. would not
dignify these petitions by printing the names
of the memorialists. Their number has been
already stated by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, who had presented most of these memorials
this morning. He had also stated the number
of female subscribers to most of these petitions;
from which it appeared that about four fifths
of these memorialists were females; and no good
object could be accomplished by publishing their
names. Could it be ascertained by the mere pub-
lication of these names how many of these sub-
scribers were Sunday-school children, some good
object might possibly be accomplished by such
Íjublication. Mr. W. said he had hoped thatabo-
itionism, so far as the action of this body was
concerned, had been buried by the voteof theSen-
ate a few days since. The Senate had given it a
Christian burial, accompanying its interment with
higher honors than Mr. W. thought it merited.
The funeral had been accompanied by the Senate
almost in a body. But Mr. W. deeply regretted
that the distinguished Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Webster] was not one of the pall-
bearers on that occasion. But although that Sen-
ator—from a difference of opinion, he hoped,
rather as to the mode of proceeding than as to the
main question—had refused to attend this inter-
ment; yet even his great powers, were he dis-
posed to exert them, could not reanimate this dead
body, and produce it for redissection here. Not
only could he not reanimate it, but he could not
even galvanize this putrid and putrifying corpse,
■o as to give to it the horrid motions of a seeming
existence. The Senate, by an almost unanimous
rote, had informed the abolition memorialists that
it was utterly vain and nugatory to present any
farther similar petitions to this body, and that
the Government of the Union never would inter-
fere with the question of slavery in this District,
or elsewhere.
They had refused to place their action against
abolition upon the ground of mere inexpediency
by an almost unanimous vote rejecting a resolu-
tion to that effect. The Senate had left their
action to repose upon the broad basis of the Con-
stitution, or of the implied faith of the Govern-
ment, inviolably pledged in the cession of this
District. The South might now rest perfectly
secure that Congress never would abolish slavery
in this District. Mr. W. said that the renewal
of this discussion could be productive of no good;
that no southern man could desire, and that no
northern man ought to desire, to rediscuss the
question, whether the institutions of the South
were or were not so disgraceful that they ought
no longer to be permitted to contaminate the soil
Where now stands the Capitol of the Union. Let
us not, then, renew or prolong Ais excitement.
Let us not tear open to bleed afresh those wounds
which are now healing, under the balm applied,
by the recent vote of this body, Mr. W. did
hope that the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Webster] would withdraw his motion
to refer these petitions to the Committee on the
District of Columbia. As a member of that com-
mittee, Mr. W. knew that it would report against
granting the prayer of these petitioners; but that
port would only renew and prolong the discussion,
and eventuate in the same vote already dopted by
the Senate. Seeing, then, that no good could be
accomplished by pressing these motions, Mr. W.
hoped, not only that they would be withdrawn,
but that the Senator from Massachusetts would
withdraw the petitions altogether.
Mr. MOORE was very much afraid his friend
from Mississippi [Mr. Walker] was verymuch
mistaken if he thought abolition was dead. He
was afraid the question was not entirely buried,
but hoped it might prove true that it was. He
believed that, so far from its being dead, these
Abolitionists were manufacturing petitions while
they were taking the vote which the gentleman
from Mississippi had supposed was its funeral.
The exhibition they had just heard of, the num-
ber of petitions presented, proved that it was not
dead yet. He was glad the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Preston] had made the motion to
obtain further information.
The motion of Mr. Preston was laid on the
table.
Mr. LEIGH presented three petitions from the
heirs of revolutionary officers, praying for the
commutation pay of their ancestors; which were
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of
Charles De Haas, administrator of John Phillip
de Haas, an officer of the revolutionary army;
which was referred to the same committee.
Mr. RUGGLES presented the petition of sun-
dry merchants of Maine, praying for an appro-
priation for the improvement of a certain harbor
in that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. WALKER, on leave, and in pursuance
of previous notice, introduced two bills, extend-
ing the benefits of the preemption laws to certain
individuals in certain cases; both of which were
twice read, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. WALL presented several petitions from
citizens of New Jersey, remonstrating against the
passage of the law to renew the patent of Joseph
Grant for making hat bodies; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALL also presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of New Jersey, calling
the attention of Congress to the various petitions
praying an appropriation for the erection of piers
in the Delaware, on the shoals near Cape May
roads; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, made a report on the resolution on
the subject of a survey for fortifications on Lake
Champiain.
Mr. BENTON submitted a resolution to ex-
punge from the Journal of the Senate the resolu-
tion of the 28th day of March, 1834, censuring
the conduct of the Executive in relation to the
removal of the public deposits from the Bank of
the United States.
Mr. WALKER, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced two
bills, one providing for the extension of the time
of proving certain preemptions granted under the
act of I9th June, 1834, where such proof had
been prevented by the want of public surveys;
and the other bill to extend the time for proving
certain preemption claims granted by the same
act, where such proof had been prevented by the
opposing location of certain pretended Choctaw
reservations.
These bills were severally read twice by gen-
eral consent, and
Mr. WALKER moved to refer them to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CALHOUN moved to refer them to the
Committee on the Public Lands; and advocated
this motion by contending that they involved the
policy of the Government in regard to the pre-
emption law, to the further extension of which,
he believed, a large majority of the Senate was
opposed.
Mr. WALKER replied, that the present bills
did not involve an extension of the preemption
system; that the claims embraced in the bills now ,
offered were already vested rights under the act ¡
of 19th June, 1834, and were now obstructed in
the proof by no fault or neglect upon the part of ¡
the owners; that, after these claims  had been
vested by an act of Congress, the proprietors had 
in many cases, made extensive and valuable im-
provements; that gins, Mr. W. believed, had in
some cases been erected; and that, after all this
had taken place, to set up these lands again at
public auction; or tolocate other chthris over them,
would be an act of spoliation which he hoped this
Government would never commit; that these were
1 private land claims; and that the committee on
such claims was the proper one to which to refer
i these bills; that to send them to the Committee on
Public Lands, upon the principle already reported
by that committee, would be to insure a report
against some, if not all, of these bills. Mr. W.
took this occasion to declare that, although these
bills did not involve the general preemption sys-*
tern, yet he should press the adoption at this ses-
sion of a standing preemption law so guarded a 
to prevent the perpetration of any future frauds
on the Government; that he should also press the
reduction and graduation of the price of the pub-
lic lands in favor only of the actual settlers; and
the sale and entry of all the public lands in forty-
acre lots. Mr. W.'s motion to refer these bills
to the Committee on Private Land Claims pre-
vailed.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
On motion by Mr. EWING, of Ohio,
The Senate took up the bill to appropriate, for
1 a limited time, the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands among the States.
Mr. EWING, after adverting to some of the
points made yesterday, went into an argument in
support of the constitutional power of Congress
to make the distribution provided for in the bill.
He went into, and commented upon, the deeds
of cession from Virginia. The Government was
the cestui que trust—the mere trustee of the States
in the Confederacy—for the receipt of the money
arising from the sales of those lands. The early
history of the country would show the proceeds
of the lands were not intended merely to defray
the expenses of the Government, but contem-
I plated a private distribution. Mr. E. made a
' detailed estimate of the amount the States would
i severally receive in the distribution. He did not
1 understand the allegation, that this was a bribe to
the people, as at all applicable, unless the hand-
ing over of money by a trustee to the persons for
whom he held in trust could be called a bribe.
All good government might, with as, much pro-
priety, be called a bribe. No one man was to
be the gainer t>y it over another; aH would be
benefited equally by it. Congress could not dis-
tribute this money so advantageously as the Le-
gislatures of the respective States. He spoke
against making this a party question, and of the
Íirefcrableness of this mode of disposition over
eaving the money in the pet banks. He hoped
the bill would pass in its present shape, or be
amended, if necessary, so as to make it more
acceptable.
After Mr. EWING concluded,
Mr. HILL expressed his wish to address the
Senate on the subject.    He would, at the pleas-
ure of the Senate, either go on then, or move to
adjourn, or move to postpone the further consid-
eration of the bill, with a view of going into ex-
ecutive  business; and, having ascertained  the
sense of the Senate, Mr. H. moved the postpone-
I ment of the bill: which was agreed to.
J     On motion by Mr. KING, of Georgia, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; after which it adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 16, 1836.
Pursuant to the resolution adopted yesterday,
the House waa called to order at eleven o 'clock.
Mr. EVANS objected to the reading of the
Journal, on the ground that no quorum was in
attendance.
The CHAIR counted the members, when it
appeared that only seventy-three were present—
no quorum.
Mr. HA WES moved that the House take a
recess until twelve o'clock, for want of a quorum.
Mr. ANTHONY moved a call of the House,
which was agreed to.
The roll was then called; and one hundred and
twenty-three members having answered,
Mr. EVANS moved to suspend all furtherpro 
eeedings under the call; which was negatived.   ••
The absentees were then called in part; whe*
Mr. HA WES moved to suspend further pro-
ceedings under the call; which was negatived.
