W3*;
muí ^f)i4aio>í(woNA*:'r L0BB.
to reduce the said item one naif, tóí snbstitn.ten'
the foregoing.
Mr. BELL, who was entitled to the floor, rose
and addressed the House at length. He said he
had long desired to state, in justice to himself,
that he had no hostility to this branch of the ser-
vice, but, on the contrary, he was for an increase
of it; and the remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania £Mr. Chambers] on that point had
his most hearty concurrence. What he wished
was a full investigation of the subject. With
regard to the number of navy-yards, although
experienced officers had expressly laid it down
that two would be a sufficient number, Mr. B.
was willing to concede four, which number he
deemed amply enough. He said there was but
one way to settle this subject, and that was by
bringing the influence of the Executive to bear
upon it. He inquired why it was that no special
messages had been sent in on this subject ? It had
been thrown out that there were political reasons
why some of these navy-yards were kept up, and
that the naval station at Portsmouth was to be
fostered, because the people of New Hampshire
had remained firm to the Democratic party. He
again recurred to the neglect of Pensacola by the
General Government, and complained that no
special message had ever been forwarded thereon.
Mr. li. then said he should proceed with a general
inquiry into the state and condition of the Gov-
ernment, and the policy of the present Adminis-
tration. He would have preferred doing this on
the fortification bill; but he had reason to appre-
hend that the bill under consideration was the
only one which would be debated in committee,
till near the close of the session. The present
bill, however, provided for a very considerable
increase from former appropriations, he believed
about $1,000,000; but if its principles were car-
ried out an expenditure of «100,000,000 would
be in volved in it. Besides this, such a discussion
as was desired could not be got up in any other
way but on appropriation bills. He dwelt atsome
length upon the resolution adopted on the 26th of !
January, making these bills the special order of
every day at one o'clock. That resolution was
adopted on the very day the news was supposed
to have arrived here of the proffered mediation I
of Great Britain; and the introducer of the reso-
lution, [Mr. Mason, of Virginia,] from the pecu-
liar station he occupied, (chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations,) must have been
privy to the news at the time he introduced it.
The resolution was intended to suppress dis-
cussion.
Mr. MASON said, he regretted very much that
the gentleman from Tennessee should indirectly
impute an intention to him which he (Mr. M.)
had heretofore, so far as he w,as concerned, most
positively disclaimed. In offering that resolution,
Mr. M. had no intention to trammel the House, !
or to preclude debate or discussion upon any par- I
tkular subject or class of subjects.                          I
In regard to the knowledge, or supposed know!- '
edge, of the intelligence referred to, Mr. M. had
only to say, and at once to relieve the gentleman
from Tennessee from going into such proof, that
at the time that proposition was submitted in the
committee of which he had the honor to be chair-
man—at the time it was there adopted—at the I
time it was reported to the House and passed upon i
by the House—Mr. M. had held no communi-
03li°u ^Uh *ny member of tf1e Administration,
and had received no information, official or unof- I
final, direct or indirect, that there was any rea- '
son to believe that the mediation of Great Britain '
would be offered or accepted by this Government,
or that any such purpose was in contemplation, i
At no period of time, prior to the adoption of that !
resolution, was there in Mr. M. 's possession any
circumstance to justify such an idea.
Mr. BELL said, the gentleman's, explanation
only proved that he was not in possession of the
information the position he occupied demanded.
Mr. B. was assured of the fact that the news had
been unofficially received in this city the day be-
fore the special messenger, with the proffered
mediation of England, had arrived.   He was in
Í>ossession of the evidence to substantiate this
act. With regard to the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] its spirit
was to suppress debate, Mid «xsh had been its
«flfceí. He théh referred to the proceedings of
tn* Hmn* on the resolution of Mr. AdaHts re-
specting the loss of the fortification bill of the last
session, and condemned the course of certain gen-
tlemen on that subject.
Mr. B. then read a variety of extracts from the
report of the Secretary of the Navy to the Presi-
dent óf the United States in the year 1798, from
a memorial from certain citizens of Pennsylvania,
after the passage of the alien and sedition laws,
from the publications of the late William B.
Giles, of Virginia, to show the rfnalogy existing
between the party in power in 1798, and the party
now in power. Their leading principies (he said)
♦ere the same, and they were vindicated precisely
on the same ground , and with similar arguments.
He, however, expressed it as his decided belief,
that the present party was more to be dreaded
than the party of 1798, because the latter were
open in their warfare, and avowed their princi-
ples; while the present party acted without that
avowal, and professed one set of principles, While
they were governed by others totally at variance
with them. Mr. B. remarked, that the Constitu-
tion gave to Congress the exclusive right to 4tf-
clare War or make peace, but recent practice had
shown that provision to be a dead letter. That
power was really in the hands of one man; and
if the President had said it was expedient to de-
clare war, he would ask what man of the party
would have gainsayed it ?
Mr. B., recurring to the increased appropri-
ations of the present year, and to the probable
demand for the augmentation of trie Navy and
the erection of fortifications, asserted that the re-
sources of the country would be entirely drained;
believing, as he did, in three years from this
time the revenue from the public lands would be
diminished down to less than a million. The
proposition of the party in power contemplated a
standing army of not less than twenty thousand
men, and one hundred ships of the line: all this
would lead to an increased annual taxation of not
less than $5,000,000. With regard to his present
position towards the Administration, and the
relation he bore to the party in power, and the
President of the united States, Mr. B. said he i
considered himself a supporter of the Administra-
tion, and of the distinguished man now in power, '
in reference to every prominent feature and prin- j
eiple of his administration,exeept those which had |
grown out of the illegitimate desire to elect a
favorite successor to the President.
Mr. B. then quoted a passage from the special
message of the President of the United States,
communicating the acceptance of the mediation of
England, «fid recommending to the attention of
I Congress the defenseless condition of the coun-
I try.    0*i the latter point he commented at great
length, and argued that its intent was to Subserve
' party views in the coming presidential election.
The best way to carry out the maxim, "in peace,
to prepare for war," was to provide for the pro-
per organization of the civil department.    They
should first set their own House ia order, and
then the proper time would arrive to prepare the
military defenses of the country.    He called the
attention of the House again to many of the prac-
tices of the present Administration, of an inter-
ference by Government officers in the elections of
members of that and the other branch of Con-
gress. It was notoriously true, that nearly every
Government officer, openly and without restraint,
was now engaged in efforts for the success of a
certain individual as successor to the presidency.
It was notorious that, to every effect and sub-
stance, they had a Government candidate for the I
presidency, having notwily the personal influ-
ence «f the Government officers, but also wield-
ing, uncontrolled, the enormous power of the
surplus revenue.    Even gentlemen who professed
the doctrines of Jefferson, State-rights men—even
gentlemen from the Commonwealth of Virginia-
were all found arranged on the side of the Gov-
ernment candidate for the presidency.    At first,
scarce an individual would avow himself; but 
few short months wrought a wonderful change,
and gentlemen now thought the whole inmienee
of the Government should be brought to bear to
perpetrate the power of the present party, under
the plea of principle. For himself, he deniad that
he had swerved fro* his principles, or that tie
preset  90nnMtht party Ifwr *tw ptfr*y fco WhicA
he ittxt s^kSWWaf'vr lne'p*irtyíwjWÍ|l jlttA^le'valctx
General Jackson to the executrvfe tftfalrV though
many-of the individuals were the same.
Mr. BELL, Without concluding, gave way to
Mr. BRIGGS, on whose motion the, committee
rose and reported progress; and then, on motion
by Mr. WARD, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 18, 183S.
Mr. MORRIS presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Clermont county,' Ohio, praying for
the alteration of a certain post route; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. NILES presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Connecticut, engaged in the whgj£
fisheries, praying the aid of Congress to fit out an
exploring expedition; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHEPLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported, without amendment, the biH
from the House for tbereüef of Thomas Haliday.
Also, from the same committee, unfavorable
reporta on the petition  of Augustus Jones and
Hugh Barton, administrators ofAndrew Stewart.
Mr. BENTON, from tile Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which the subject had been re-
ferred, reported a bill providing for the purchase
of the right to use certain inventions of William
H. Bell to facilitate the firing of ordnance; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported unfavorably on the bill from tlie
House for the relief of Gilbert A. Smith and
others.
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made an unfavorable report on the peti-
tion ofAndrew A. Van Bibber, administrator of
Isaac Garrettson, deceased.
Mr. MORRIS gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to bring in a bill to reduce the
: price oi the public lands, and to prohibit the> soles
of lands except to actual settlers, and in limited
quantities.
I                             RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. NICHOLS submitted the following reso-
lutions; which lie on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands ie in-
structed to inquire into the justice of granting to the^tate
of T.oiiMinna five hundred thoWMnd acres of tfie «obHc
land  within the limns of that State, iHconsHkmubnrxif the
great benefit derived from the levee? made and kept up at
individual expense, and the improvements, at the cost afilie
State, of the water courses, which liy act of Congress are
1 declared common highways, forever free from any tax or
toll imposed by said State.
Resolved, That the Committee on ISaval Affaws be ia-
structed to inquire into the expediency of an appropriation
I for building or purchasing and equipping one or more steam
vessels, to be employed in giving more effectual protection
I to the trade between N«w Orleans «nd the several porta «f
Mexico.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the Senate any information in his pos-
session as to the expediency and probable tost at erectteg
a suitable building for the custom-house and district court
iiitue city of New Orleans.
Mr. SOUTHARD submitted the following
resolution; which lies on the table one d*y:
Rtmlvei, That the Commineeoa Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making legislative provu-
ion for the employment of boys in merchant vessels of tfle
United States m proportion to their tonnage.
BILL PASSED.
> The bill to authorize the conveyance of certain
lands belonging to the University of Michigan,
was read the third time, a*d passed.
BILIS RlllriRRED.
The following bills from the House were sev-
erally read twice and referred:
The bill making additional appropriations for
the suppression of Indian hostilities in Florida;
The bill for the relief of Nathaniel P. Tatura;
and
The bill for the relief of Alvarez Fisk, and the
heirs «nd legal representatives of Thomas B.
Eskrujge.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
Th re olution«ab aiUed by Mr.KiKC,of Alt-
