IBS .
IlfiDOONORESBiOtfAl/OLCniI
Vahonpoe!, Tinten, Wegener, Wtri, Wrntwat,
«nd Weeks— 111.
NAYS —Messrs. Chilton Allan, Henaa Alien, Bailey,
Banks, Beale, Bond, Bouldin, Briggs, Bunch, John Cal-
hoon, William B. Calhoun, Campbell, Carter, George
Chambers, John Chambers, Child , Clark, Corwm, Crane,
Cushmg, Darlington, Deberry, Denny, Daalap, Evans,
Everett, Forester, Piulo C. Fuller, James Garland, Granger,
Graves, Grcnnell, Griffin, Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, Har-
lan, Harper, Hnzeltine, Heister, Hoar, Howell, Huntsman,
Ingersoll, Janes, Henry Johnson, Lawrence, Lay, Lnke
Lea, Lincoln, Love, Sampson Mason, McCarty,McCoinas,
McKennon, Mercer, Milligan, Moms, Phillips, Pickens,
Russell, William B. Shepard, Shields, Standcfer, Steele,
Storer, Taliaferro, Underwood, Whittlesey, Shcrrod Wil-
liams, and Wise—74,
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. BYNUM inquired of the Chair, what
would be the effect of the motion for the previous
question?
The CHAIR replied, that the subject had passed
from before the House that day by the vote just
taken.
Mr. BYNUM then gave notice—premising that
he asked for nothing but what was right, and
was not disposed to submit to what was wrong—
that he should move the previous question.
The House then proceeded to the orders of the
day.
BENEDICT ALFORD AND ROBERT BRUSH.
The House resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution for the relief of Benedict Alford
and Robert Brush.
The resolution was presented under the follow-
ing circumstances: At the first session of the
Twenty-Third Congress, a bill passed the House
of Representatives, granting pensions to Benedict
Alford and Robert Brush, soldiers of the revolu-
tionary war. By the Journals of the Senate, it
appears that this bill was indefinitely postponed
in that body, and the House of Representatives
was so notified; and it is also so entered in the
Journal of the House. The postponement of the
bill in the Senate in the hurry of business at the
last hour of the session was inadvertently over-
looked by the enrolling clerk, as well as by the
Committee on Enrolled Bills in the House,and it
was enrolled and signed by the officers of the two
Houses, and presented to and approved by the
President. A few days after the adjournment of
Congress, the error was discovered in the Clerk's
office of the House of Representatives, and notice
of the fact was immediately given to the War
Department. The Secretary of War thereupon
declined complying with the provisions of the
bill, under the conviction that it was not a valid
statute. At the last session of Congress the
President communicated the fact to the Senate by
message. No action in the case was, however,
had in either House at the last session. At the
present session Benedict Alford again presented
his petition, which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions. The committee re-
ported that, in its opinion, the act was a valid
one,and that no further legislation was necessary
to give a pension to the petitioner, which, in their
opinion, the Secretary of War was bound to pay
him. A member of the committee, differing from
the majority, after the report was made, moved
the resolution directing the Secretary of War to
execute the act, which had passed in the manner
herein stated; and the discussion on a former day,
and on the present occasion, was mainly, whether
or not the bill of the first session of the Twenty-
Third Congress was, under the circumstances
above stated, a valid act or not.
The motion pending, was that of Mr. Vinton,
to refer the joint resolution to the Committee on
the Judiciary, with instructions to report whether
the act mentioned in the resolution was a law of
the land or not.
Mr. WHITTLESEY expressed the hope that
the instructions would be withdrawn, and the
resolution referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary without further debate.
Mr. WISE made a few remarks in opposition
to the validity of the act; when
Mr. WHITTLESEY moved to postpone the
subject to Friday next; but withdrew the motion
at the request of
Mr. INGERSOLL, who offered a substitute for
the motion of Mr. Vinton, directing the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a bill, if they
should deem it proper, for the relief of the per-
sona mentioned in the resolution.
After some remarks by Messrs. INGERSOLL
and DICKERSON,
Mr. WHITTLESEY renewed the motion to
postpone the whole subject until Friday next;
but subsequently withdrew it.
The discussion was further continued by
Messrs. TOUCEY, INGERSOLL, ROBERT-
SON, MERCER, LANE, McKEON.JUDSON,
and CRAIG.
At the suggestion of Mt.Hoi.set, Mr. Inger-
loLL accepted a modification of his amendment,
to change the reference of the subject from the
Judiciary Committee to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions.
The discussion was then further continued by
Mr. Holset, when
j     Mr. GILLET moved the previous question.
Mr. VINTON modified his motion, by direct-
i ing the Committee on the Judiciary, if they should
j be of opinion that the act was not a valid one, to
' report a bill for the benefit of the persons named
in the same, if they should be of opinion that
relief ought to be granted to them.                      '
The motion for the previous question was not
seconded.
After various propositions to amend, and some
further remarks and suggestions by Messrs.
BE ARDSLEY, SUTHE R L AND, ANTHONY,
ADAMS, INGERSOLL, GRENNELL, KEN-
NON, and EVERETT, the substitute proposed
by Mr. Ingersoll, for the motion of Mr. Vinton,
was negatived—ayes 63, noes 65.
Mr. ADAMS then moved a substitute for the
motion of Mr. Vinton, in substance that the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions be in-
structed to report a bill for the relief of Benedict
Alford and Robert Brush; which was agreed to
—ayes 80, noes not counted.
So the joint resolution was committed to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, with the
instructions moved by Mr. Adams.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The CHAIR laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of War, transmitting a report
from the Topographical Bureau, of the survey of
a railroad from Pensacola to Columbus, Georgia;
which was laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
The House then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 19, 1836.
The House was called to order at eleven o'clock,
when it appeared that only eighty-eight members
(no quorum) were in attendance.
Mr. CRAIG moved a call of the House, and
-asked for the yeas and nays oft his motion; which
were ordered, and were—yeas 40, nays 90.
So the motion for a call of the House was neg-
atived.
A quorum being present, the Journal was then
read.
The House resumed the consideration of the
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Two motions were pending. The first in order
was that of Mr. Mann, of New York, making
the report from the Committee of Elections the
special order of the day for Wednesday next; and
the second proposition was that of Mr. Hard,
to recommit the report, with instructions to allow
further time to the sitting member for taking
additional testimony.
Mr. RENCHER,who was entitled to the floor,
spoke at considerable length in support of the
motion to recommit the report to the committee.
Before he proceeded to the argument, he wished
to reply to the annunciation of his colleague, [Mr.
Btnub,} who (he said) had deemed it necessary
to rise in his place, and state distinctly to the
House that he would, on Tuesday next, call for
the previous question. Mr. R. was surprised to
hear such an annunciation come from that par-
ticular quarter. It would be borne in mind by the
House that his colleague had made four speeches
on that question, and consumed more time than
all his colleagues put together; and now, when his
other colleagues wanted to lay their views before
the Hone, tbtó^üemaw a^eteit ttecsesary to
enforce thegaJghnr. Hirho«wraWw oBearue had
said, at the same time, that he would demand
nothing but what was right, and he would sub-
mit to nothing wrong; which being interpreted,
he presumed, meant that his colleague [Mr.
Btnttm] should not ask to speak more thaa a
half dozen of times, and that his other colleague*
should not speak a single time. Mr. R. was
anxious that this question should be decided
speedily, but he was more anxious that it should
be decided correctly. He was one of those who
moved at an early period of the session that the
rules should be suspended, so that the House
might have an opportunity to decide it; but after
his colleague [Mr. Btnum] had made four or five
speeches, he deemed it his duty to submit his
views, humble as they might be, for the consid-
eration of the House. It was true he had voted
against a suspension of the rules, but he did so
because some of his colleagues were absent. He
had no other object in view, except justice and
truth, and in the pursuit of that he hoped he
would be respectful to the committee and to the
House, and conform himself to the rules of the
House.
When he was arrested yesterday, he was en-
deavoring to show that the reports of both the
majority and the minority of the committee had
failed to give the constitutional grounds on which
they had declared votes illegal. He then took
occasion to ask what was the qualification of a
voter for the lower branch of the Legislature of
that State. He had desired to present extracts
from the constitution of North Carolina to the
House, and it was with difficulty that he could
find a single copy of the constitution of that State
in the Capitol; then, how was it possible for the
i House to examine into the constitution and laws
of North Carolina, unless copies had been laid
on the tables of the members ? His object in the
remarks he had made was to show that no man
was entitled to vote for a member of Congress in
North Carolina who had not been a resident in
the county for-twelve months immediately pre-
ceding the election; and he had taken occasion
to say, that there was a practice existing there
by which they voted in any county in the dis-
trict. Many of the voters supposed the purposes
of the constitution were answered if they were
qualified voters, no matter where they voted in
their district. He had shown that this was a
mistake which prevailed among them; that the
i petitioner himself fell into.the same mistake; that
I he gave his vote not in the county in Which he
| resided, but in a different county, in which he
j happened to be at the time; and that the petition-
1 er s brother had fell into the same error. Yet it
appeared, from the motion of the petitioner, that
the sitting member was to be deprived of votes
given in this very way; the petitioner at the same
time was asking a seat there on grounds strictly
technical and legal. Mr. R. said he should vote
to strike all those votes from the sitting member's
poll, because the constitution was peremptory
and absolute. He regretted exceedingly that he
should be called upon to disfranchise some of the
qualified voters because of that mistake. He
regretted that he was called upon to do so, but
the law was imperative, and he should do it.
Whether it was generous in the petitioner to ask
this to be done, was for his own conscience to
settle, but Mr. R. would do what he conceived
to be right. The petitioner had given the sitting
member the notice the law had required. But he
did not intend to discuss the validity of the notice
but only wished to ascertain whether further time
was not necessary, to show that the sitting mem-
ber was not sufficiently on his guard, and thai
1 the House should extend to him some indulgence
Why did the petitioner lie by for two months
after the election ? The petitioning gentleman had
laid by from the time the election was held in Au-
gust until the 2d of October; and then what die
be do ? He gave notice that he intended to eon
test the election because illegal votes had been
given the sitting member, and legal votes had beer
refused the petitioner. Mr. R. asked if any notice
could be more vague.' Who were the illegal
voters who had voted for the sitting member ? and
who were the legal voters that had beeB refused
the petitioner ? and where were they to be found
J 
