
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
the way of the House when it earn* to met on the i
main quest  .                                                            I
Mr. McKAY again expressed a hope that the i
Hou^e m ould act on that question without further
delay
Mr GÍLLET thought, if the motion to recon-
sider prevailed, they would stand precisely in the
same situation thev had been for the last month;
and it wis not in the power of man to tell when
they   ould proceed with it. There were several
other propositions, subsequent to the one already
decided, before the House, upon which decisions
would be likewise called for; and as he was op-
posed to wasting any more «me in these prelim-
inary questions, he moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr BYNUM inquired of the Chair what would
be the effect of that motion, if it prevailed  
The CHAIR replied, that the motion to lay a
motion to reconsider on the table, would cohere
to the mam proposition; and if agreed to by the
House, would carry the main subject with it, and
lay die whole on the table; whereupon,
Mr. GILLET withdrew the motion.
Mr. BYNUM remarked that it appeared to him
there was something more than met the eye in
this motion to reconsider. His colleague now
wanted to move for further time to be allowed
the sitting member, and not to recommit; which
seemed to Mr. B. to be an entire change of the
original ground.
Mr RENCHER repeated his previous state-
ment, that he desired a decision of the House upon
the application of the sitting member for further
time If that application should prevail, the sub-
ject would be recommitted as a matter of course.
He could assure his colleague that he would do
or say nothing there but what was clear.
Mr VANDERPOEL thought the object rep-
resented by the gentleman to be very reasonable,
and one that ought to be concurred Hi, otherwise
they had gained nothing at all; and had been
making speeches for the last month to no pur-
pose whatever. He thought they were emphat-
ically called upon to dispose of that application
at once, one way or the other.
The motion was then agreed to, without a
count; and the House reconsidered its vote,
adopting the amendment of Mr. Mawh.
Mr RENCHER then moved to strike out "the
2d of March,"as in the original motion of the
committee, and insert "the third Thursday in
April next, and that the parties have leave, until
that time, to take further testimony."
Mr MANN, of New York, asked for the yeas
*nd nays on this motion; whizh were ordered      '
Mr CAMBRELENG inquired, if this motion j
•nould be rejected, whether the motion would still I
«* open to insert " Thursday next'"
The CHAÍR replied that would be the next
question in order, the vote being taken on the ,
most distant time first, which was the present I
motion.                                                           r
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment of Mr. Revcher was rejected—veas 87
nays 103; as follows:                                yeas 01, (
ktr. Parks, rattenwa, Dotee J Pearce, Phelps, John Rey-
nolds, Jowph Reynolds, Ripley, Roane, ScheBck, Sntu.
Sickles, Speight Sutherland, Thomas, John Thomson
Toueet, Town ,   Turrill,  \anderpoel, Wagener, Ward)
Marcl* 49k
• T,EA3 ~.lie*S*m Aá3Bai Chilton Allan, Hernán Allen
Ashley, Bailev, Banks, Belf, Bond, Bordei, Bunch John
Chambers, John Chambers, Chapman, Chtids, Nathaniel
H. Claiborne, Clark, Connor, Corww, Crane, WluWa
De.ber'2¿í)e^nít D'<*x>n. Dunlap, ¿vans, ¿verettTFor'
ester, Ptalo C duller Graham, Granger, Graves, Grennell
Griflin HJand Hall, Hard, Hardro, darían, Harper Haze -
tme, Hoar Howell Huntsman, Ingersoll, ¿Es,' He t
Johnson Lawlcr, Lawrence, Lay, Luke Lea, Lewis,
Lincoln, Love, L> on, Sampson Mason Maury, McCarty!
McKennan, Milligan, Morris/ Patton, Pettigrew, Peyton
Phillips, Pickens, Reed, Kéncher, Robertson' Rogers, ¿W
Steele   Storer,  Taliaferro,  Turner, Underwood, Vinton
VMuttlesey, Lewis Wilkams, Sberrod William*, ánd Wi*¿
_ÍLÍYd "TMT" .Anthony, Ash, Barton, Bean, Beau-
■OBt, Bockee, BoutdiB, Boyd, Burn , Bynum. Cambre-
teng Carr, Casey, Chaney, Cleveland, Coffee, Coles, Craig,
«S"2?ü/ DaS!í I\ck«rsoa  Doubleday, Dromgoole, Faii-
?,!?'  n if' J^n.fh' Pry' W"'' m K FullerTGalbraith,
James Garland, Gillet, Glascock, Grantland, Hatey, Haaer
Hw.jegaa.SaiaiietS.Harnion, AlbertG, Harrison H¡wes,
Hawkins,  Haynes, Holsey,  Hopkins, Howard/AunTey
Huntington, Jabei Jackson   Joseph Johnson, Richard M.
Johnson, Cave Johnwn, John w'jones, Bei&Sn? JonS
K?°!^Klnnard. Klta *""^*, Laae/Laaitog, Gideon
Lee, J «hua Lee, Thomas L«e, Leonard, Logaii, Loyall.
Ata^b Mann, Job Mann, Martin, John Y. Mason, Wufiam
MasdB, Moses Mason, May, McKay, McKeon, McKim,
HeLene, Montgomery, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Owen , Par-
Wardwell, W eb ter, nml
The question then recurring upon the modified
amendment of Mr Manv, of New York, to strike
out "the 2d,"and insert " the 24th of March."
Mr MANN, \\ ith a view (he said) to test the
sense of the House upon proceeding at once with
the subject, withdrew his motion for the 24th,
and moved to insert" this day, "stating that if any
objection were made he should withdraw it.
Mr.  RENCHER hoped a few days' further
time at least would be allowed.
Mr. MANN thereupon withdrew the latter mo-
tion, and renewed the former.
Mr  RENCHER desired also to take the sense
of the House on the propriety of recommitting the
report, as he wished the law and qualifications of
electors to be so represented to the House as to
enable it to act understandmgly.    If there was
any way by which that object could be accom-
plished, he desired the sense of the House upon it.
Mr. SPEIGHT hoped the committee would
report upon what they conceived the strict and
legal interpretation of that part of the constitution
and laws of North Carolina bearing upon the
subject of elections, and that object coula be at-
tained, by his colleague, by moving to have the
constitution and all the acts of North Carolina
regulating elections in that State printed.    Mr
S. expressed his surprise at one remark that fell
from his colleague [Mr. Rbncher] that day, in
reference to the qualification of voters of the House
of Commons and Representatives in Congress
from North Carolina.    He understood his col-
league to  say that it required twelve months'
residence in the county before an individual was
entitled to vote.   Surely, a gentleman so distin-
guished and learned ln'the law as his colleague
would not contend for such an interpretation of
the ninth section of their constitution as that.   It
had been correctly reíd, and very correctly com-
mented upon by the petitioner, and his interpre-
tation was in conformity with the construction
given to that clause by the most learned men of
their State. Any man otherwise qualified to vote,
moving into another county, and swearing that
that had become his bona fide place of residence,
was entitled to vote.    It required no particular
time of residence, if a voter had paid his taxes,
and his residence was an the county.                        (
Mr. UNDERWOOD remarked that, since the  I
report had been made, additional testimony had
1 been laid on the  tables of the House, and it
seemed to him proper that the committee should j
report thereupon.    Upon that ground he should  '
rote for the recommittal of the report.
I     Mr. MAURY moved to insert " Thursday two  '
weeks, and that in the mean time the additional
testimony be recommitted to the committee, with
instructions to report thereon."
The CHAIR said the motion in that form was
not then in order, but if the House should now
refuse to postpone to a day certain, the next ques-
tion would be the motion to recommit.
Mr. MAURY. But if the House agree to
postpone to a day certain, sir'
The CHAIR.    If the House agree to postpone
to a day certain, then on that day it would be in
order to make the motion indicated by the gen-
tleman.    The House might then proceed to act
upon the report of the committee, or postpone
further or recommit with or without instructions,
|     Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD should not vote for
the recommittal of the report, for he was satia-
ted that the suggesüon of his colleague  FMr.
&peight] would obviate the neces«ity of doing
so.   The section of the constitution, and the laws
I regulating elections in North Carolina, were cm-
i bodied in a very small compass, and could be
, conveniently printed in a day or so.
I     As to the additional testimony taken by the
j sitting member since the report of the committee ,
i was made, all he had to say was this: nhadljeen '
I printed and laid on their tables; and when the
House went into the consideration of the whole
TObject, it would then be competent for any gen-
tleman to call for the reading of that testimony
and it was not so voluminous but that the House
rJif^itr^ {rm u as wei1" *•
committee.   It had never been Mr. S. 's purpose
to threw^cdtie* in the way of any question;
and he enould, therefore, make no motion tend-
ing to embarrass any of the preliminary ques-
Mr. RENCHER was satisfied with the suir/res-
tionofhis colleague. [Mi Speight] There was
only a portion of the constitution, and one or two
sections of the law, that it would be necessary to
print.                                                                      '
Mr. SPEIGHT suggested to his colleague to
amend his motion by directing the same to be
printed under the direction of the committee
Mr. RENCHER was also (he said) about to
propose a more distant day, and he hoped the
gentleman from New York would consent to a
modification for Tuesday two weeks.
Mr. MANN replied that the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, as well as other
gentlemen, wished to occupy Tuesday in public
business, and Mr.M. therefore proposed Thurs-
day and the two succeeding days.
Mr. GLASCOCK said it appeared to him that
the motion to recommit these proceedings to the
committee was all-important, and would save the
House a great deal of trouble and much time.
When the subject came up for final action, the
most important question that would then be pre-
sented, would be with regard to the propriety of
admitting or rejecting the additional testimony,
presented to the House through the Chair, subse-
quently to the report of the committee.   JJe wa*
clearly of opinion, that the sense of the House
ought now to be taken, with a view to ascertain
what disposition should be made of it.    He be-
lieved it indispensably necessary that the com-
mittee should be put in possession of the testi-
mony recently arrived, and that they should re-
port upon it; and, for himself, he was not pre-
pared to exclude it.    If that testimony should
have the effect of changing the report of the com-
mittee, he should feel it his duty not to sustain
the report, though he should certainly sustain it,
if the testimony warranted him in so doing.    Hi*
main question, howevei, in wishing the commit-
tee to report upon it was to prevent the discus-
sion that would necessarily arise in the House
upon the propriety of the reception or rejection
of the additional testimony.    It was true that it
had been printed and laid on their tables, but no
decision had been had, whether it should be re-
ceived or not.   He hoped, therefore, that the mo-
tion would be sustained; that the testimony which
had been recently received should be committed
to the Committee of Elections; and that the com-
mittee be instructed to report thereon as speedily
as possible.  Mr. G., in conclusion, hesitated not
to say, that he was prepared to receive all the
testimony now in possession of the House, if
taken in conformity with the constitution and
laws of North Carolina, and if that additional
testimony would authorize the sitting member to
retain his seat, Mr. G. would so record his vote*
Mr. G. then made the above motion.
Mr. HARDIN had as yet been unable to lay
his hand upon the constitution of North Carolina,
or any law of that State upon the subject of elec-
tions. Mr. H. concurred entirely in the remark 
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Glascock,]
and he should take the whole testimony into
consideration, as well that which had been before
the committee, as that which had subsequently
been presented and laid on the tables of the House.
With that understanding, he did not know of any
particular necessity to call upon the Committee
of elections to report upon it.
Mr. GLASCOCK then withdrew his motion;
and the modified amendment of Mr. Mann, to
insert the 24th instead of the 2d of March, wai
agreed to without a count.
The question then recurring on agreeing to the
motion of the Committee of Elections as amend-
ed,
Mr. MANN, at the suggesüon of Mr. Ri-
cher, withdrew his motion to make the sub-
ject also the special order for the two succeeding
days to Thursday the 24th.
The motion, as amended, was then agreed to
without a count.
The CHAIR said, to avoid a question of order
he would understand it to be the pleasure of two
thirds of the House when Thursday arrived, un-
less otherwise determined by the House, that
