láflo
' 'if
Ti ><fc*í<^g^^
orí
this subject would take precedence of the special
order (the appropriation bills) on that day.
Mr. WISE. Then, sir, I call for a division of
the House on that question.
The vote was then taken by tellers; and the
result was—ayes 124, noes 49, being two thirds
in the affirmative; and so the subject was post- j
poned, and made the special order for Thursday
next, the 24th of Match.
The question then recurred on Mr. Speight's
motion, that that portion of the constitution and
laws Of North Carolina relating to the elections ,
of that State be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. HARDIN suggested a modification to the
following effect: as much as may be pointed out
by the sitting member and the petitioner; which '
Mr. Speight accepted, and the motion was agreed ,
to by the House.                                                    ,
Mr. ANTHONY moved that the House ad- ,
journ.                                                                      ¡
,Mr. WHITTLESEY asked for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and the yeas were—
104, nays 86; and so
The House adjourned.                                         .
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 21, 1836.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to the reso-
lution of the Senate of the 4th instant, requiring
information as to what part of the whole expendi-
tures under the head of the Indian department,
from the commencement of the Government to
the 30th September, 1835, as stated in his report
of the 25th of January last, was paid to the In-
dians for lands purchased of them by the United
States, inclosing a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury, containing all the information in the
Department on the subject.                                     '
The CHAIR also communicated a report from
the Secretary of the Navy, in answer to the reso-
lution of the Senate of the 16th ultimo, showing
the present state of the Navy hospital fund, ana
inclosing a letter from the president of the Board
of Navy Commissioners, showing the number
and condition of the naval hospital establish-
ments.
Mr. KNIGHT presented the petition of Samuel
Warner, praying for a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
certain importing merchants of New York; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to which a memorial on the subject
had been referred, reported a bill authorizing the
fitting out a sloop of war, and such other smaller
vessels as the President may deem necessary, for
an expedition to the South seas; which Was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported "unfavorably on the petition 
of Thomas Triplett and Cyrus Sibley.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which had been referred the petition
of Joseph Leframbois, a Pottawatomie Indian,
reported unfavorably thereon.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the Committee on
Indian Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the resolution directing an in-
quiry into the expediency of making an appro-
priation to extinguish the Indian title to lands in
the vicinity of Green bay.
Mr. WALKER presented certain papers in
relation to the claim of Alexander Talley; which
were referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported without amendment the bill from
the House making additional appropriations for
the suppression of Indian hostilities in Florida;
and the same having been read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole,
was ordered to a third reading.
BILL INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. TOMLINSON.on leave, introduced a bill
for the relief of Carey Clark; which was twice
•■tad and referred.
RESOLUTIONS AGREED TO.
The resolutions submitted by Messrs. Grundy,
Nicholas, and SotrrtiARD, and lying on the table,
were severally considered and agreed to.
THE EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
Mr. RIVES laid on the table the resolution of
the General Assembly of the State of Virginia,
instructing their Senators to vote for expunging
from the Journal of the Senate certain resolutions
of that body censuring the conduct of the Pres-
ident in relation to the removal of the public
deposits from the Bank of the United States.
TROCEEDá OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. BUCHANAN laid on the table resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Pennsylvania,
instructing their Senators, and requesting their
Representatives, in Congress to vote for the bill to
appropriate the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands among the States; and also instructing and
requesting them to vote for liberal appropriations
for fortifications for the permanent defense of the
country.
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The bill for the relief of Susan Marlow; and
The bill for the relief of Samuel Smith, Linn
Magee, and Semorici, Creek Indians, were sev-
erally read the second time, and ordered to a third
reading.
THE EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
On motion by Mr. KING, of Alabama, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of the res 
olution submitted by Mr. Benton, to expunge a
certain resolution from the Journal of the Senate,
as the special order.
Mr. BENTON then, in continuation of his
speech commenced on Friday, addressed the Sen-
ate at great length, in support of his resolution,
continuing his remarks until the usual hour of
adjournment; when, having concluded, and
Mr. PORTER having expressed a wish to ad-
dress the Senate on the subject, the further con-
sideration of the resolution was postponed until
to-morrow, and the Senate went into the consid-
eration of executive business; after which
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 21,1836.
Mr. HAWES made an ineffectual effort to take
up and consider the resolution in relation to the
West Point Academy.
TRADES' UNION—HOURS OF LABOR.
The memorial presented on Monday last, by-
Mr. Howard, from the Trades' Union of Balti-
more, asking Congress to regulate the hours of
labor of the operatives on the public works, so
as to confine the time of such labor to ten hours in
each day, was taken up.
There were three motions pending: the first to
refer the memorial to a select committee; the second
to refer it to the Committee on Roads and Canals;
and the third, that it be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The first question in order was to refer the
memorial to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. HOWARD had not supposed that the me-
morial would give rise to any debate, and less did
he suppose that discussion could have arisen on
the mere question of its reference. It was a prayer
from about three thousand of the laboring classes
of the community; and Mr. H. detailed the sub-
stance of the contents of the memorial, and the
reasons assigned by the memorialists for the legis-
lation of Congress on the subject. Mr. H. thought
the Committee on Roads and Canals was not the
proper reference, for .they had but a compar-
atively small branch of the public works under
their charge. For a similar reason he was op-
posed to referring it to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary; and if any reference was necessary, he
thought a select committee should be raised on
the subject. The memorial was a reasonable one,
and might be acted on by the House itself.
Mr. PARKER thought the subject itself one
in which Congress had neither the right nor the
power to interfere. It should be left to the reg-
ulations of the parties themselves—the workman
and his employer.
Mr. WARDWELL was inclined to believe
this question was not  ne of such small import-
ance as the gentleman front Tfew Jersey seemed
to suppose. Certainly the Cominiérié1 «n Roads"
and Canals was not, in Mr. W.'s opinion, the
proper reference, nor the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, for it was not a question of law i but of
expediency. He was in favor of having a special
committee raised on the subject. Every other
subject sent there was certain of a reference; but
these men who labored with their hands, and
toiled for their bread by the sweat of their brow,
who were the bone and sinew of the country,
were to be denied having even their memorial
referred to a committee. He expressed his sur-
prise at the remark of the gentleman, that this
was a small matter.
Mr. PARKER explained. He did not say it
was a small matter. At first he did not know
the subject of the memorial, until he asked the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Howard.]
Mr. WARDWELL understood the gentleman
to say something to that effect. It was notori-
ous that there were many abuses which these
men suffered, and which ought to be inquired
into. It was notorious, that the men employed
for the Government worked not only from sun-
rise to sunset every week-day, but often on Sun-
days too, Mr. W. said he should vote against
every other proposition than that to refer the
memorial to a select committee.
Mr. PARKER was misunderstood in saying
that he was opposed to the object of the memo-
rial, as it had been explained. All the petitioners
asked was, that they should not be compelled to
work on the public works more than ten hours a
day. Now, Mr. P. was not aware that there was
any law to compel them to work longer, nor ought
there to be. He was not opposed to the interest
of the working man, but was always prepared to
maintain it. He had no objection to this memo-
rial, but he questioned the power of Congress to
interfere with the subject at all; and he thought
it much wiser to leave it to the parties themselves
for regulation.
Mr. BEARDSLEY moved that the further
consideration of the memorial be postponed until
Monday next. He explained that he made this
motion on account of the indisposition of one off
his colleagues, [Mr. Moore,] who was confined.,
to his room, and who wished to address the House
on the subject. The motion also was in accord-
ance with the wish of the gentleman who pre-
sented the memorial.
Mr. HAMER announced his intention of mov-
ing to lay the memorial on the table. He meant
no reflection on any gentleman, when he said'
that there were some politicians in this country,
who seemed to think that everything ought to
be regulated by law. Now he was against that
doctrine. Every man should be left free, being
prevented from encroaching on the rights of his
fellow-man, and ought to be left free to manage
his own affairs in his own way, without restric-
tion.
Mr. ADAMS rose to a question of order. The
gentleman had given notice that he intended to
move to lay the memorial on, the table, which,
motion was not debatable; and from the gentle-
man's exordium, Mr. A. apprehended a long
speech from him. Now, Mr. A. inquired if it
was in order for the gentleman to make a speech,
after the intimation of his intention to make a
motion to lay the memorial on the table ?
The CHAIR replied that the motion to lay on
the table was not debatable; but that motion had
not been made.
Mr. HAMER had no intention of making a
long speech.
Mr. BEARDSLEY would inquire, then, if th«
remarks of the gentleman were pertinent to the
question under consideration, which was merely
to postpone ?
The CHAIR replied that the motion to post-
pone was debatable, though within very narrow
limits.
Mr. HAMER saidhe should have been through
by that time, if he had not been interrupted. He
was against the whole proposition, and eonse-
quently he was opposed to its postponement.
He did not believe it was a subject that ought to
be entertained by Congress, and he thought they
should dispose of it at once. Why, (said Mr
H.,) we might just as well prescribe by law whs'
