¿m
ism QWQfmmmh/momA
March gl.
sert of clothes a wan should wear, or at what
time he should eat his dinner! A man who is
free should be left to make his own contract. He
therefore moved to lay the memorial on the table;
which motion was agreed to by the House—ayes
10i, noes not counted.
PROCEEDS or THE PtTBLIC LANDS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
preamble and resolutions (presented by Mr.
Williams, of Kentucky) of the Legislature of
Kentucky, in favor of the distribution of the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands among
the se\eral States.
Two motions were pending: the firjt, that of
Mr. Williams, of Kentucky, to refer the subject
to the Committee of Ways and Means, with in-
struoiions to report a bill to distribute among the
States the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, for the purposes of education and internal
improvements; the second motion was that of
Mr. Boon-, to refer the preamble and resolutions
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, rose (he said) to
discharge the duty requested of him by the Legis-
lature of Kentucky, to use his best exertions to
procure die passage of a liw for tlia distribution
of the proceeds of the public lands, for the pur-
poses indicated in the resolutions; and he was
nappy to say that the subject was in accordance
with his own views. He rejoiced that the sub-
ject had been sent there by one of the sovereign
States of the Union, and that at last that House
was brought to the consideration of the great
fundamental, vitalquestion of the surplus revenue.
They had arrived at a point of history of unusual
importance, with a surplus revenue of $30,000,000,
and probably not less, by the end of the year,
than $50,000,000. They occupied an entirely
new position, and must be compelled to adopt a
new line of policy. One of these plans must be
adopted. Either it must be suffered to accumu-
late in the Treasury from year to year, or it must
be swallowed up in the increased expenditures of
the Federal Government-, or it must be distributed
among the people of the several States. Where
was it now? Loaned out, without interest, to
whom no one could tell. A .great contest was
approaching—a contest between the tax-gatherers
and tax-payers.
Mr. A. said he should at length enter into a
retrospect of the principles and policy of the
present Administration, and refer to a number of
documents to show the ground that had been
taken. He Sent to the Clerk's table, to be read,
an extract of the letter from General Jackson to
Mr. Monroe, and commented on the manner in
which the principles laid down in that letter had
been carried out by the administration of Presi-
dent Jackson.
Mr. HAMER rose to a question of order. He
was not (he said) one of the friends of the Admin-
istration who was disposed to shrink from an
investigation, but was willing 'to go into it then,
if proper, or at any other time, on these resolu-
tions. The question he propounded was this:
Whether it was in order, on a proposition from
the Legislature of Kentucky to divide the surplus
revenue, to go into and examine the manner in
Which the General Government had been admin-
istered, in relation to removals from and appoint-
ments to office for the last eight years ?
The CHAIR decided the course of the gentle-
man's remarks to be in order, as illustrative of
the proposition and the peremptory instructions
by which it was accompanied, though the remarks
would not be in order as an abstract proposition.
Mr. ALLAN proceeded: What he said was
most strictly in order, because it was a question
whether these $30,000,000 should be retained in
the hands of the central agency, the Federal
Government, or distributed among the people of
the several States. Let hira ask, had party spirit
been suppressed ? or, on the contrary, was not
every aspirant to office compelled \o bow the knee
to the monster, the idol of party spirit?
Mr. A. then desired the Clerk to Tead a letter
from Andrew Jackson to the Tennessee Legisla-
ture, some years since, stating that the appoint-'
ment of members of Congress was the manner in
which the Legislature was to be corrupted; and
the}], as a commentary upon that letter, he had
read a statement from the Register of the Treas-
ury, to show that members ofCongreas had been
appointed to office under the present Administra-
tion, whose salaries amounted to nearly half a
million of dollars. He also alluded to tlie promise
of the Administration of bringing back the coun-
try to a metallic currency; and then read extracts
to show that, at the present time, there was in
existence upwards of five hundred banks, with a
paper circulation much more extensive than it
heretofore has been; and that, too, after the Ad-
ministration had broken down a banking institu-
tion, whose paper was everywhere current. He
also had extracts read from letters from the De-
partment of State in 1830, and from the Presi-
dent's message in 1835, in relation to the French
question, to show that the Administration had
not acted consistently. He also adverted to the
avowals made in the early part of the Adminis-
tration, in relation to retrenchment; and then
read extracts to show that the expenditures of the
Administration far exceeded that of any former
Administration; but he said it had been argued
that the present had paid off more of the public
debt than any former Administration. To this,
Mr. A. dissented; and, by a comparison of the
amount of public debt paid by the present and
former Administration, showed that a former
Administration had paid more of the public debt
than the present. He contended that the power
of the Treasury could raise and depress property
and stocks by the appointment of its agencies
through the country, and that that power would
not only remain with the present, but would be
transmitted to succeeding Administrations. The
money (he contended) was unsafe in the situation
in which it now was, on account of the small
amount of specie at present in the deposit banks;
and stated that, if the public money was now
called for, it would blow up the paper system,
and create general bankruptcy. The present was
an unjust and unequal system, because the money
was now loaned out without interest, and that
in particular sections, for the exclusive benefit of
those sections. In New York, there were about
ten millions, and in Michigan there was about
a million of dollars in the possession of two small
banking institutions, which he conceived was
entirely unsafe; while in Kentucky there was
scarcely any of the public money. These were
some of Mr. A. 's objections to the public :noneys
remaining where they are.
The hour of one having arrived, the remarks
of Mr. ALLAN werearreste4 by the communi-
cation of the special order, being the appropriation
bills.
Mr. HA WES moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose of proceeding ;n tne diseusston of
the subject before the House.
Mr. CAMBRELENG suggested, as there were
memorials in the hands of gentlemen which they
desired to present, that the rules be suspended for
that purpose, and that the subject before the
House, which was likely to elicit much debate,
be laid over until Monday next.
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, said, he would
conclude his remarks in thirty minutes.
Mr. H AWES proposed to suspend the rules /or
half an hour.
' Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to amend the
motion of Mr. Hawes, by proposing to sus-
■ pend the rules for the purpose ofreceivingpetitions
| and the reports of committees, excluding the sub-
| ject before the House.
Mr. HAWES, in making his last motion, was
1 not aware that this subject would lay over until
j Monday next. This would enable his colleague
[Mr. Allan] to send out his speech one week in
advance of any reply. He would, therefore,
modify his motion, by moving to suspend the
rule for that day, for the purpose of continuing
the consideration of the subject before the House.
Mr. SPEIGHT remarked, that if this subject
was laid over, it would probably occupy the time
alloted to petitions for the balance of the session.
Mr. ADAMS rose to make an inquiry of the
Chair. It would be recollected that, about two
months since, he had submitted a resolution,
which was undisposed of, and remained among
the unfinished business. He was very desirous
that his resolution should again come up for
consideration during the present session.   He
desired to know of the Chair, whether the resolu-
tion to which he tad referred, did not take prece-
dence of the subject under discussion?
The CHAIR replied, that the subject before the
House was certain resolutions of the Legislature
of Kentucky, presented on the last petition day,
and a motion had been made to refer them to a
committee with certain instructions,involving the
merits of the whole subject. This discussion,
however, was confined to the day allotted to the
reception of petitions, and therefore could not
interfere with, or take precedence of, the resolu-
tion of the gentleman fromMassachusetts, on any
other day.
The motion of Mr. MANN to amend was neg-
atived—ayes 69, noes not counted.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the motion of
Mr. Hawes by proposing to rescind so much of
the resolution of the 26th January as directs that
the appropriation bills shall be the special order
for Mondays.
The CHAIR decided the motion to be out of
order.
The motion of Mr. Hawes to suspend the rules'
for the day was then negatived—ayes 68, noes
not counted.
Mr. HAWES asked the consent of the House
to submit, in a substantive form, a motion similar
to that proposed by Mr. Vinton, as an amend-
ment to the last proposition.
Objection being made, Mr. HAWES moved
to suspend the rule for the purpose indicated.
Mr. DAVIS adverted to the confusion and dif-
ficulty which had, as he contended, crown out
of the adoption of the resolution of the 26th of
January, making the appropriation bills the spe-
cial order for each day, except Fridays and Sat-
urdays. He moved to amend the motion of the
' gentleman from Kentucky by proposing to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of submitting a
motion to rescind the entire resolution of the 26th
. of January,referred to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG suggested tothegentle-
1 man from Indiana [Mr. Davis] that he had as
well submit another amendment providing that
no appropriation bills should be passed during
the session.
The amendment of Mr. Davis was negatived.
The motion of Mr. Hawes was also negatived—
yeas 93, nays 61; two thirds bein°; necessary.
Mr. REED moved to suspend the rules for the
purpose of calling the States for petitions, includ-
ing the consideration of the Kentucky resolu-
tions; which was agreed to—yeas 13l, nays not
counted.
Petitions and memorials were then presented
Mr. SMITH, of Maine;
Messrs.  ERIGGS,  REED, LAWRENCE,
! CUSHING,PHILLIPS, HOAR, and ADAMS,
I of Massachusetts;
,     Mr. HALEY, of Connecticut;
Mr. HALL, of Vermont;
, Messrs. LOVE; SEYMOUR, LAY, WARD-
WELL, CHAPÍN, CAMBRELENG, LEON-
, ARD, RUSSELL, BOVEE, and HUNTING-
TON, of New York;
[Mr. Chapín presented the petition of sundry'
inhabitants of the State of New York, asking the
establishment of a mail route from the village of
Franklin, in the county of Delaware, to Oneonta,
in the county of Otsego.
I Mr. Leonard presented the petition of the heirs-
at-law of Major Barnabas Tuthill, asoldier in the
■ war of the Revolution, praying compensation for
| services in said war.   Mr. L. also presented the
¡ petition of the heirs-at-law of Ehsba Ely, an
officer in the Connecticut continental line in the
revolutionary war, asking commutation pay and
I interest for services rendered in said war.
! Mr. Russell presented the petition of Isaac
Norton, of the State of Ohio, praying permission
to select, «nter upon, and improve, a quarter sec-
tion of the-public land in one of the four north-
western counties of the State of Ohio, for the
purpose of cultivating the mulberry tree arid pro-'
moting the manufacture of silk; and that a credit
of ten years be allowed him for the purchase
money, under, such qualifications as Congress
shall deem politic and just; which, on motion by
Mr. R. was referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture.   Also, the petition of Chester Stephens,
