1896.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
Affairs, reported a bill concerning pensions
chargeable to the navy pension fund, which was
read twice and committed                                       '
Mr. STORER, from the Committee on Re\o-
lutionary Pensions, reported the following bills,
which were lead twice and committed
A bill for the relief of Joseph Danforth, and
A bill for the relief of Jacob Wallace
Mr JOHNSON, of Louisiana, ftom the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported the following bills,
which were lead twice and committed.
A bill for the relief of L. B Willis, formerly
acting deputy surveyor for the district of Mis-
sissippi, and
A bill making an appiopmtionforthe erection
of a marine hospital in New Orleans.
Mr. LAWRENCE, ftom the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill for the relief of
Samuel D. Walker, of Baltimore, w hich was read
twice and committed.
Mr. BEARDSLEY, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill to extend the time
for selling the lands granted to the incorporated
Kentucky asylum foi the deaf and dumb, which
was read twice and ordered to be printed
Mr. ROBERTSON, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of
William Sanders and William R. Porter, which
was lead twice and committed.
Mr MORGAN, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported the following bills;
which were read twice and committed.
A bill to provide for the payment of certain
pensioners of the United States at Wheeling, in
Virginia, and
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Dow.
Mr. PRY, from the Committee on Revolution
*ry Pensions reported the following bills, which
were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Richard Severson-,
A bill for the relief of Frederick Wilheid,
A bill for the lehef of Lot Leonard; and
A bill for the relief of James Scott.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, from thc.Com-
xnttee of Ways and Means, reported a bill pro-
viding for the salaries of certain officers therein
named, which was read twice and committed.
Mr. KENNON, from the Committee on Pub-
ic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Solo-
mon Sturges, which was read twice and com-
mitted
Mr. PARKER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the repre-
sentatives of Henry Richards, deceased; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported the follow-
ing bills, which were read twice and commit-
ted:
A bill to provide more efiectually for the de-
fense of the Arkansas frontier;
A bill for the relief of Major Freeman Cross;
and
A bill to repair and extend the United States
arsenal at Charleston, South Carolina.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the same committee,
made a report on the sub]ect of arsenals of con-
struction, winch was ordered to be printed.
Mi. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill forthciehef of T. Savage,
administrator of Boletha Laws; which was reau
twice and committed
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, reported the follow-
ing bills; which were read twice and committed-
A bill for the suppression of lotteries and the
sale of lottery tickets in the District of Colum-
bia; and
A bill giving the assent of Congress to an act
of the Virginia Legislature amendatory of the
act incorporating the Portsmouth and Alexandria
Railroad Company.
Mr. SHEPARD, from the same committee,
reported a resolution setting apart Tuesday and
Wednesday, the 26th and 27th days of April next,
for the consideration of business relatin  to the
Disti ict of Columbia, which was ¡ejected without
a count
Mr. PHILLIPS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill authorizing the Winnis-
simmet company to lay out and make a way
through the property of the  United States at
Chelsea, in the State of Massachusetts, which was
re-id tw ice and committed
Mr LEA, of Tfimessee, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, repoited a bill for the
relief of Tohn Boon, winch was read twice and
committed
Mi HAYNES, fiom the Committee on Indian
Affaus, reported a bill for the íeliif of Milly
Yates, which was read twice and committid
Mr CR\ÍG, fiom the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, Mr J\RVIS,from the Com-
mittpc on Nival Affms. Messrs PRY, STOR-
ER, and MORGAN, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensión"?; Messrs BE1RDSLEY
and ROBERTSON, fiom the Committee on the
Judiciary; Messrs. KENNON and DUNLAP,
from the Committee on the Public Lands, and
Mr HA WES, from the Committee ot Indian
Affairs, made unfavorable reports upon various
petitions, a portion of which were laid on the
table, and the residue committed to a Committee
of the Whole House.
The House then, at a quarter past four o'clock,
adjourned
i                             IN SENATE.
,                    TtTEsDA-i, Maic'i 22, 1836.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, presented two petitions
fiom sundry cit.zens of that State, praying for a
change in the Vocation of the Cumberland road;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr KING, of Georgia, presented the memorial
of the grand jury of Wayne county, Michigan,
praying for an appropriation for the erection of
a new court-house and jail, which was referíed
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WHITE presented the petition of the
heirs of Captain Richaid McCarty, praying to
be allowed the commutation due the deceased,
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
' Mr. DAVIS presented the petition and papers
of Alexander J. Dallas, praying to be allowed the
1 difference between a depreciated coin in which
he was paid at Rio, and the current money of
I the United States; which was referred to the Com-
I mittee on Naval Affairs.
J     Mi   BENTON, from the select committee to
i which was referred the message of the President
I communicating the constitution of Michigai, and
another message on the subject of the noithern
boundary line of Ohio, reported a bill for the ad-
mission of Michigan into the Union, and estab-
lishing her boundaries; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BUCHANAN, from the select committee
appointed to consider the message of the Presi-
dent communicating the constitution of Arkansas,
reported a bill providing for her admission into
the Union; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading
Mr. BENTON moved that the above two bills
be made the order of the day for Friday next.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, suggesting the absence
of several Senators, moved that the bills be made
the order of the day for Wednesday next.
After some conversation between Messrs. EW-
ING, BENTON, BUCHANAN, and CLAY-
TON, Mr. BEN TON modified his motion so as
to change the day to Saturday; and the question
being first taken on postponing the bills to Wed-
nesday, (the longest day,) was lost—ayes 19,
noes 20.
Mr. EWING then moved to make the bills the
order of the day for Tuesday next; and this mo-
tion was decided in the affirmative—ayes 21, noes
18.
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which had been submitted sev-
eral petitions from citizens of Mississippi, com-
plaining of grievances and frauds practiced under
Indian reservation, made a report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolution, which lies on the table one day:
ReioSced, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be i
instructed to inquire into the expediency ol making an, ap-
propriation to remove the obstructions trom the navigable
w ater>! of the W*plc  Sheiwassce, Flint, and Cat rner=, in
tin penmxiila ot Michigan
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr WHITE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claim?, reported a bill foi thf relief of
the heirs of the late Colonel John Haslitt, which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
BILLS P\SSED.
The following bills were severally read the third
time and passed
The bill making further appropriations for the
suppression of Indian hostilities in Florida,
The bill for the relief of Samuel Smith, Linn
Magee,and Semoice, friendly Creek Indians, and
The bill for the relief of Susan Marlow
EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
On motion by Mr. EWING, of Ohio, the Senate
took up the unfinished business, being the reso-
lution submitted by Mr. Benton to expunge a
certain resolution fiom the Journal of the Senate.
Mr. PORTER took the ground that this reso-
lution of the gentleman fiom Missouri [Mr Ben-
ton] was unsound, illegal, and unconstitutional.
It was not an attempt to impair the recoids of
this, but the recoids of a formei Senate. Itwasa
momentous question, that must seriously impress
the mind of every Senator present, and if the prin-
ciple involved in the resolution should be carried
out, it must place the records of the country since
the formation of the Government at the mercy of
those who, from time to time, might be sent here
The gentleman from Missouri [Mi.Benton] had
labored to show that the resolution proposed to
be expunged was unconstitutional. Mr. P. said
the Constitution did not say that «record should
be kept of the constitutional acta alone, and the
unconstitutional acts were guaiUed by it as much
as acts that were constitutional. The framers of
the Constitution intended theiecords of the Sen-
ate should be a beacon to warn, as well as a light
to direct. It was his put pose to discuss the merits
of this question, which were in a small compass,
and to leave out of view the panic makers, Bank
of the United States, the Piesident and all his
glory, as subjects entirely unconnected with it.
Here Mr. P. quoted that clause in the Constitu-
tion relating to the keeping of a Journal. The
more learned people became, the more difficult
they were of comprehension. An ordinary, plain
man would lmmediatelygive an answer, if asked,
what was meant by keeping a journal, but let a
learned lawyer or a judge answer, and he will
give you thirty-six meanings to a single word.
His(Mr.P.'s) understanding of the words " keep
a Journal of the Senate," was to recoid and pre-
serve the proceedings of the Senate, aud it had no
other meaning, and that was the idiomatic sense
of the term He assimilated it to the minutes
taken by a clerk of the proceedings of a court.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benton]
had told them what the word " keep ' did not, but
not what it did, mean. In England, in Scotland,
and even in Ireland, where they were not famed
for the correctness of their expressions, it had
uniformly received a meaning such as he had
given it. If, then, the meaning of the term was to
record and preserve their proceedings, it followed
that the object of the gentleman's resolution vva3
to deface und obliterate them, which was dis-
obeying thatConsti'ution which they were sworn
to support. And if the principle was established
and carried out, it would place the power to ob-
literate the Journals in the hands of any party that
might be in power, and might be resoited to as a
means of revenge. The meaning of the word
"keep" was regulated by the object to whicli.it
was applied. Keeping a house, a horse, abook,or
a journal, had their special meanings; and Mr.
P. here instituted several humorous comparisons,
illustrative of its meaning If the thousand copies
of the printed Journal were ouginals, they had
many keepers. But he contended there was but
one original, winch was the manuscript copy,
taken by the Secretary at his desk. The rest
w ere only copies of copies. Courts had decided
that printed copies of the joui.ials might be le-
ceived as evidence oa grounds of convenience,
fiom the necessity of the case. The gentleman
fiom Missouri [Mr, Blvtov] had said this pmc-
tice of expunging prevailed in England for many
years back, and that we have the authority of
