276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marfcli "22,
parliamentary practice for it. He (Mr. P.) ad-
niiited it to (>p the practice tliere, l.ut co.ite.ided
that they luid no constitutional injunction, tnat
each ¡louse should keep a journal of its proceed-
ings there, as was the case here. And if the par-
liamentary practice of England was deemed au-
thority for expunging:, any gentleman here could
have what he pleased expunged. If we were to
have English rules, he wanted them in their
purity. The expunging there was done in person '
by the hand of the chief magistrate, or the King
himself He hoped, if the expunging took place
here, it would be done according to their method
of doing it there.
Mr. P. cited the cases of James I. of England,
as the first; and from that time down it had been
invariably done by the chief magistrate of Eng-
land in person; and he submitted it to the honor-
able gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Bentoj?,]
whether he had not better amend his resolution so
as to have the President do the expunging him-
self in person? It was true, he (Air. P.) could
not vote for it even then; but, if it was to be ex-
punged, that mode would be following out the
precedent.
Mr. P. ironically described the scene of the
President coming into the Senate Chamber, the
address that would be delivered to him on his
coming in, the account given of it in the Globe
the next morning, embracing the interview be-
tween the President and Vice President, and the
fraise awarded to the gentleman from Missouri
Mr. Benton] for his instrumentality in accom-
plishing the object of expunging. He maintained
that the Senate, as a legislative body, existed in
fact but two years; and he denied the existence
of uny right or power to touch the journals of a
body that had gone before them, whatever opin-
ions might be entertained in regard to altering
their own Journal, and quoted the language of
the Constitution which used the term " House of
Representatives and o Senate, "and not í.'íe Senate;
And also adverted to the fact of the annual elec-
tion of a portion of the Senate in support of his
position. They had, in his opinion, just as much
right to take a leaf out of the Journal of the
House of Representatives as out of the Senate.
If there wus any law in this District, punishing
as a criminal act the defacing of records, and the
Secretary of the Senate should be prosecuted for
it, what law could be cited in his defense ? They
would find no law to justify him.
Mr. P. remarked that he was much exhausted,
and gave way for a motion to postpone the further
consideration  of the  subject until  to-morrow, i
which was agreed to; and the Senate went into j
the consideration of other business.
JuHN M'CARTY.                              j
The bill for the relief of John McCarty was
taken up and considered as in Committee of the j
"Whole.
Mr. SHEPLEY moved to postpone the bill in-
definitely; and after some remarks in opposition
to the motion by Messrs. MOORli, iUNU of
Alubama, and \V HITE, and in support of it by
Mr. SHEPLEY, the question wus put; and n
was decided in the negative—yeas 17, nays 22.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tdesdat, March 22, 1836.
Mr. DENNY moved to take up and consider
a resolution heretofore offered by him for print-
ing five thousand extra copies of the report of
the Franklin Institute of Pennsylvania, on the
subject of the bursting of steam boilers.
The motion was objected to.
BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
The House proceeded to consider the motion
made yesterday by Mr. Cambiusleng, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, to discharge
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union from the further consideration of the fol-
lowing bill, in order to bring it before the House
for a third reading:
Be it enacted, 4'c, That the 14tli section of the act enti-
tled " Au act to incorporate the subscribe  to the Bank of
the United State ,"approved April 10, ISIS, shall he, and
tl!" rani"1-. hereby rep 'alec!.
Mr. CAMBRELENG called for the reading
of the section proposed to be repealed, which
Was done, as follows:
'•Sec. 14. Ani he it farther emctcd, That the bills or
notes of the said corporation originally nruie payable, or
which shall havj become payable, on demand, shall be re-
ceivable m all payments to the United States, unless other-
wise directed by act of Congress."
Mr. CAMBRELENG inquired if lie was at
liberty to state the reasons which had induced
the Committee of Ways and Means to ask the
Committee of the Whole to be discharged from
1 the subject?
The CHAIR stated that the gentleman could
give his reasons for so moving; but that on the
present motion the merits of the case could not
be discussed.
, Mr. CAMBRELENG then said that the rea-
sons why the Committee of Ways and Means
had instructed their chairman to make the motion
was, that they wished the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time. In addition to that reason, he
would ask the clerk to read the following extract
to show what had taken place on a former occa-
sion in relation to the same subject:
Extract from the proceedings of the House of Representa-
i     iiueson tke 12th, of Februa y, 161á> as published in theNa-
I     tional Intelligencer of February 13,1812.
" UNITED STATES BAHK NOTEJ.
I     " On motion by Mr. Bacon, the House went into a Com-
mittee of the Whole, (Mr. Blackledge in the chair,) on the
bill to repeal the 10th section of the act establishing the Bank
of the United States.   Mr. B. said the Committee of Ways
and Means hod thought it necessary to bnng forward this
, bill in consequence of a dicLion which had been made in
. the circuit court of Virginia, that the notes issued by the
| Bank of the United States are still a tender in payments to
the collectors and other officers of the United States.   The
l committee do not know oo what ground this opinion was
given; they had conceived that, as the limitation of the law
1 had expired, no part of it could still have force.    But, as
j this opinion has be in given by the Chief Ju^tic  ofthe United
. States, it produces great inconvenience to the officers o/the
I United States, as the notes of the several branches, soy
Charleston, Savannah, Now Orleans, &c, will be paid only
at the branches irom which they i-nie."
" Somi irregular debate took place on the propriety of
passing the h.li at all. It wa.s contemlad that, the whole
law having expired, it was altogether unnecessary, not to
fay improper, to pass a bill to repeal a section of that law.
I It was replied by the chairman of the Committee of Wavs
and Means, and others, that, as the passing of the bill would
, prevent any further trouble to the public officers, and it
cou'd havj no influence on anything which had heretoibrc
taken place, its passage was do-iráble. The committee
lose, and the House ordered the bill ton third reading."
; Mr. E. would only remark, for the information
| of the House, that the provision in the old charter
■ was different in one respect to the present provi-
i sion. It did not end ns the present one does,
: " until otherwise ordered by act of Con-gress."
j Another fact was, that the old bank had two years
i to wind up its concerns, and was going on so to
do; with the present bonk it was very "different.
I     Tiie CHAIR reminded the gentleman that the
j merits of the question could not be discussed.
\     Mr. INGERSOLL said he rose yesterday for
I the purpose of giving a word of explanation.
He had understood the chairman ofthe Commit-
| tee of Ways and Means (Mr. Cambreleng] to
j say that the instruction of tire committee was a
i  unanimous one.    He rose merely for the purpose
j of entering his protest against that assertion.
,,     ¿Mr. CAMJBRELENG said he did not state
that he was unanimously instructed to make the
motion.    What he intended to state was, that,
when the subject was first brought before the
committee, there was some objection to it; but
i after they had the opinion of the chief justice
i on a. former occasion on the subject, he did not
i hear any decided objection to it.
j    Mr. INGERSOLL reminded the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
| that, when the subject was first before them, he
j had expressed his opinion that it would be un-
I necessary for Congress to act in the matter at all.
I It was proper, however, for him to say a word
, in relation to the precedent.    If he understood
the language of it, so far as it was a precedent, it.
was a precedent against the course now proposed
, by the Committee of Ways and Means.     He
j could conceive of no reason for action unless the
one intimated yesterday by the gentleman from
i New \ork, [Mr. CambrelencJ that the bank
; was still, notwithstanding it had become a State
! institution, issuing notes ofthe old bank. Mr. I.
knew of no such fact; and if it had come to the
knowledge of the gentleman from New York he
wished to know it.
Mr. ADAMS observed that it was the unusual
course of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means yesterday that had induced
him to make objection. He wished the present
to have the benefit of nil the discussion which
important bills were entitled to in the House; and
he did not know that the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had assigned any
reason for taking it away from the Committee of
the Whole. He had, to be sure, said that the
object was to have the bill brought to a third
reading. Every bill must do that: it was no
reason for taking it from the Committee of the
Whole, because it was the only place in which
subjects of importance could be fully discussed.
The Committee ofthe Whole was the only place
in that House in which subjects could be fully
considered; and every other mode of proceeding
should either be by unanimous consent, or for
some good reason; and it appeared to him that
a worse reason than that the bill should be brought
to a third reading, could hardly have been given.
He knew of no reason why the bill should pass
at all, and he was wholly unprepared to discuss
it. It was totally unexpected to him; and he con-
fessed that it was with some distrust that he had
objected to it. It might be to discredit the paper
ofthe United States Bank, or a continuation of
the war on the Bank of the United Slates. He
hoped, however, that war was at an end—he did
not like stabs upon dead bodies. If that was the
intention, he hoped they might have an oppor-
tunity for full deliberation upon the subject in
that House. No reason had been assigned for
discrediting the bills of the United Slates Bank.
He believed their credit was of great advantage to
the people of the country. They were the only
currency existing that had full and complete
credit; they were better than gold and silver—the
best of all currencies. Well, sir, what was the
necessity of passing an act of Congress discred-
iting those bills? Was Congress going to do all
in its power to discredit the bills of that bank, to
act out its little spite against that institution ? He
deemed it the duty of Congress rather to keep up
the credit of the bank as much as possible, be-
cause there were yet seven millions ofthe money
of the people in that institution.
The CHAIR remarked that the merits of die
question wore not open for discussion.
Mr. A. observed that he only mentioned those
things to show the importance ofthe subject and
the great necessity for keeping it in the Commit-
tee of the Whole. He did not know but that,
when the subject came up, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means might find sub-
stantial reasons for the passage of the bill, but
he did not think that the paper the gentleman had
read was any good reason; for, as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, had observed, it was against
the course the gentleman was pursuing. He
hoped, therefore, the House would adhere, not
to the motion of the gentleman from New York,
but to the precedent he had produced.
Mr. PATTON said the present was merely a
question of time and of form. As to the question
of time, it was simply whether they should pro-
ceed at once and in a way to enable the House to
come to a speedy conclusion, or whether they
should adhere to" the forms of legislation which
were prescribed-, which, perhaps, would detain
the question from being decided for three or four
weeks. He, for one, was not disposed to dis-
pense with those forms to precipítale and hurry
legislation on that or anv other subject, unless
some good reasons could be shown tor so doing;
and therefore, although he did not know that he
should object to the passage of the bill, yet he
had heard no good reason for hurry in the matter.
Were not the notes of that bank as good and as
safe as the notes of any bank? Was any danger
to be apprehended of the country suffering by
postponing the subject three or four weeks ? He
could see no reason why the usual forms of pro-
ceeding should be dispensed With; and he thought
they ought not to be deprived of an opportunity
of discussing the present question, unless there
was some good reason for dispensing with the
usual forms.
