16$6.
THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
277
Mr. BROWN said, if the fourteenth section of |
the act which makes the bills of the Bank of the
United Suites receivable in payment of debts due
to the Government, be inoperative since the 4th
of March, as had been intimated, he was ata loss
to know why the present motion should be re-
sisted. The bill to repeal that section had been
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and, unless it could be brought
back into the House, there was no prospect of
reaching it until near the close of the session.
There was a special rule making all the appropri-
ation bilis the special order for every day in the
week, except Fridays and Saturdays those days
were appropriated to the consideration of private
business. He repeated, therefore, that if this bil 1
remained in committee it could not be reached
until near the close of the session. During all
this time, the bills of the bank would have a de-
cided preference over the bills of every other
institution in the country. In payments to the
Government, they were equivalent to silver and
gold. He was unwilling the bank should have
this advantage one moment longer. He denied
that the effect of the bill would be to discredit the
notes of the bank. Its effect would be to place
them upon an equality with the paper of every
other banking institution in the country, and
nothing more. But if such should be its effect,
he, for one, would gladly give his assent to it. A
bank, such as that of the United States, renewed
aa it had been by the State Legislature after its
condemnation had been repeatedly pronounced by
the people, was not entitled to any favor from
this Government, and should receive none from
him. At a meeting of the stockholders of the
bank the other day in Philadelphia, the President, ¡
Mr. Biddle, enumerated, amongst the advantages
which the new institution enjoyed over the old,
"its total separation from all the officers of the
General Government, an .unnatural connection,
beneficial neither to the bank nor Government."
He would hold him to his word, and annihilate
whatever remained ofthis unnatural, and he might
add, odious connection.
Here the SPEAKER called Mt. B. to order,
stating that he could not, upon a motion to dis-
charge the committee, go into the merits of the
bill which was the subject of the motion.
Mr. BROWN said he would not draw the
merits of the bill in controversy, as he did not
wish to transgress the rules of order. He had
been led to say this much in answer to some
observations which had fallen from honorable
gentlemen upon the other side sf the House. He
believed it had become essential to the best inter-
ests and to the dignity of the country that the
14th section of the bank charter should be in-
stantly repealed; and with a view to a distinct
and open expression of the opinions of honorable j
members, he concluded by-demanding the yeas [
and nays upon the question.
The yeas and nayi were thereupon ordered.    ■
Mr. LANE said, he had taken the floor for
the purpose of giving a single reason why he
should vote for the motion. The gentlemen from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] has pronounced the
Bank of the United States dead, and that he was
opposed to treading upon its dead body. In this
Mr. L. agreed with the honorable gentleman, and
rejoiced at the result; and, in order to relieve that
gentleman, he would vote for its burial with all
due expedition and ceremony. It is objected that,
no reason has been given for the motion: to this
it is a sufficient reply, that no reason has been
given against it.
Mr. McKENNAN understood that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, who reported the
bill, originally moved to refer it to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and that
they now moved to discharge that committee from
the subject, and bring itdirectly before the House.
He asked, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
TMr. Adams] and the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Patton] had done, what were the pressing
reasons for immediate action on that bill? Had
anything occurred, since the bill was reported and |
referred to the Committee of the Whole, which '
Would make it necessary for the House to act on
the subject ? The chairman oí the Committee of
Ways ¡md Means had given no reason why the
bill should be hurried through.   It was a qu.es.:
j tion of expediency entirely, and would require
deliberate consideration; and the Committee of
the Whole was the place where all questions of
importance ought to be discussed, and where a
free discussion could not be cut off by the opera-
tion of the gag law.    It was a question of cxpe-
i diency whether the  notes of the Bank of the
' United States should be discredited or not; and
for  his part, when the   question   came  up, he
would say it was entirely inexpedient, because he
believed that no better currency could be procured.
The CHAIR  remarked, that  this discussion
would be in order when the main question came
up, but was not now in order.
Mr. McKENNAN only threw out those sug-
gestions to show the importance of the bill, and
to show that it ought to remain in the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. SPEIGHT would say, that, so far as he
was concerned, gentlemen might have full oppor-
tunity of discussion without the application of
the  previous question.    The House had, how-
ever, passed a resolution making the appropria-
tion bills the special order for every day, except
private bill days;  and, judging from what had
i passed, the greater part of the session would be
! taken up by the discussion of those bills; so that
, there would be no opportunity for get'ing up the
', present subject in Committee of the Whole.   By
the first of June, too, he hoped the majority of
that House would be turning their faces home-
wards.    Another reason why the bill should be
passed was,.that the bank was literally dead, yet
its notes are a lawful tender to the Government
for all payments thereto.    It cannot make loans
! on individuals, but still, by the law proposed to
| be repealed, it is the only bank in  the country
; whose bills arc a legal tender for payments to the
Treasury.    He conceived the merits of the bill
. could be as well discussed in the House as in the
committee; and it is presimed, judging from what
had passed,rthat they would not be able to dis-
\ cuss it in committee during the present session.
He hoped it would be speedily brought before the
j House and passed.
I Mr. DENNY expected to be enlightened when
the gentleman from Indiana rose to address the
1 House, particularly as the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had given no reasons
¡ for the motion which he had made in reference to
.1 a matter of so much importance. The gentleman
I from Indiana had, however, wisely taken his seat
i I and left them in the dark.
I The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Speight] had come to the aid of his friends. Mr.
D. proceeded to reply to the remarks of the last
gentleman, in reference to the propriety of bring-
ing the present measure before the House, and
hastening its decision by means of the previous
question.
The bill was reported on the 16th of February,
previous to which time other bills, perhaps of
more importance, were reported by the sam ■ com-
mittee.and referred to the Committee of the Whole;
and the chairman of the Committee of Wnysand
M.eans had permitted them to slumber without
attempting to call them up, or to make a motion
similar to the present, to take them out of com-
mittee. He (Mr. D.) was opposed toa departurt
from the usual course, unless for special reasons.
Had the Secretary of the Treasury demanded that
this bill should be put in asituaaon to be hurried
through the House? Had this course been re-
quired from any other quarter? Was the com-
mittee afraid of a full and free discussion of the
subject? For his part, he desired that all the light
which could be shed on the subject should be sent
out to the country. If gentleman did not wish to
shrink from discussion, they would permit the bill
to remain where it was in Committee of the
Whole. What, he would ask, was the situation
of these bank notes ? The law chartering the bank
had expired. The notes of the institution, credited
as they were by the legislation of the country,
had gone abroad. They were in the pockets of
individuals at a distance, who desired to give
them in exchange forthe public lands, &r. Itwas
now proposed to discredit them, by authorizing
the receivers of the customs and land offices not
to receive them in payment of public dues. This
course, if adopted, would compel many of the
honest holders of the notes to dispose of them at
I a considerable  discount to a broker or to a Gov-
ernment agent, in order to pay his debt to the
Government. He was opposed to such a course.
The passage of the bill would operate decep-
tively. These notes were redeemed in specie,
when demanded. They were at par. The Gov-
ernment had nothing to fear by continuing to re-
ceive them. If, as had been intimated, other
subjects should come up in connection with this
bill, it would form an additional reason for a full
aod free discussion in committee. He, therefore,
hoped that the House would permit this bill to
tike the usual course, and that the motion to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole would not
provtul.
Mr. JUDSON said the proposition from the
Committee of Ways and Meansundcr immediate
discussion was to take a bill, now before the
Committee of the Whole, and bring it before the
House, to accelerate action upon it. The four-
teenth spction of the act creating the Bank of the
United States made the bills of that bank a law-
ful tender to the Government. This, in its very-
nature, was an odious monopoly, against which
the people had long since passed their decisive
judgment. There were some who claimed that,
although the bank itself had expired, and ceased
to exist on the 4th of March last, yet this right
, pertained to this bank; and the bills might here-
after, by virtue ofthis clause, still continue to be
what they were before the expiration of the bank.
The object of this bill was to repeal that four-
teenth section, and settle the question. He was
in favor of the motion, and desired to see the
business of that House progress: it was due to
the interest of the country. Did gentlemen de-
sire to continue a useless debate upon mere first
principles, whether such an odious monopoly as was
here claimed s'iould longer exist in a free country,
where the principles of legislation should be pre-
served on equal terms? Gentlemen say that the
previous question may be applied, and cut off
discussion. He did not say, that he should call
that question, but he did say, that the people of
this country would always justify the application
] of that rule, when useless and unimportant debate
was carried,on for the mere purpose of prevent-
ing the transaction of the public business. When-
ever that became the case, he would always be
ready to do the business of the House, instead
of wasting its time.
j Mr. VANDERPOEL said, he was very sorry
■ that the ghost of the Bank of the United States
had been exhibited here in any shape, for he had
j observed, while he had had the honor of a seat
[ here, that the old lady could not be introduced
\ here in any form without ruffling the temper of
honorable gentlemen; but he saw no good reason
for much sensibility on account of the motion now
under consideration. According to the charter
of the Bank of the United States, the bills of the
bank were a lawful tender for the debts due to
your Government. Your revenue collectors, and
your ¡xiblic land receivers, were obliged to ac-
cept them. The bank was dead, and we had
heard that there had been a judicial decision which
rendered it at least doubtful whether the bills of
this bank, after it had become a dead body, were
not still a lawful tender for the debts due the Gov-
ernment. The gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Ingersoll,] who was also a member of
the Commiti.ee of Ways and Means, had told us
that he did not believe that the bills of the Bank
of the United States continued to be a lawful
tender; that the bank had not claimed it; and he
did not suppose that it would ever pretend that
its bills were such tender. If so, then certainly
no mischief could result from the motion to take
this bill out of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. The bank could not ba
prejudiced, and it was not necessary to keep the
bill in Committee of the Whole for the purpose
of debate. As there seemed to be no doubt as to
the construction of the charter, a declaratory sec-
tion was necessary, and he hoped the motion
would prevail.
Mr. WISE said the question arising under the
present motion was notas to what mischief would
result from its rejection, but what possible good
would be secured by its adoption.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Cambre-
leng] had the honor of starting a doubt whether
