278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLÓM.
March 22,
ii mi
s;i ivlv i 'tion o
tV oh-.rt, r of a hank op<""i! d it'rerthe expiration
o'- its turn. Th re eou.d !'•• no tlmi'M upo.) the
miV vt. The biek wesdivd.ana the g. ntleman
r.iJ'ni.i [M • Lvnf] ni'^lu bury the '• mon-
II ■ ee-u'J, tl'ei :'"i:\ , s -o no ne 'essity for
n o i this bill. He adverted to the
n''.settled s'ate of t!v currency, and avowed that
rven the S vretary of the Treasury did not know
what kind of money would be received in pay-
rvtit of the public lands. Ho applied to that
officer for information on the subject. The Sec-
retary, he repeated, could tell him nothing about
it, and had referred him to the receivers for in-
formation. Mr. W. remarked, in conclusion,
that there was an object, and but one object, for
the repeal of this fourteenth section, and that
was to array the Government on the side of one
s t of bank capitalists. The question had all
nVng been kept up by different and conflicting
baakmg interests.
Mr. SMITH, of Maine, said, the proposition
b'-'ore the House was one of simple expediency.
Is [>, or is it not, expedient for the House to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from the further consideration of the
bil' to repeal the 14th section of the bank charter?
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Dcís'v,] who last addressed the House,
thinks it is not expedient; and assigns certain
r-as-i'JS which are, to his mind, no d >u'ot entirely
satisfactory for this conclusion. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. WrsE] also thinks it is not ex-
pedient; and assigns for a reason, as does another
gentleman from Pennsylvania over the way, [Mr.
MoKevsvn",] that if the subject be brought before
the House the previous question will bo applied,
¡nd a protracted dis'ussioj of the subject as in
Committee of the Whole will be cut off. This
is probably the most important reason that influ-
ences gentlemen in opposition to the proposition
before the House. Why, sir, the previous ques-
tion can only be applied when a majority of the
House shall think it necessary and expedient to
bring the subject to a decision. And all who are
opposed to the application of the previous ques-
tion, or of placing the bill in question before the
House, are unwilling to confide in the judgment
and discretion of a majority of the House in rela-
tion to <he order and disposition of business
before the House. To those gentlemen who are
disposed to distrust the judgment and discretion
of the House—I mean of the majority—in relation
to tiie arrangement and disposition of the business
before us—to as many as are opposed to the ap- ,
plication of the previous question to a subject,
when in the opinion of a majority such applica- |
tion becomes necessary to the dispatch of busi-
ness, the reasons of the gentlemen from Virginia
and Pennsylvania must be satisfactory. But, sir,
no person having confidence in the good sense, .
judgment, and discretion of a majority to control
properly the business before the House, can be
deterred, by any apprehension of the previous
question, f:om g'.ving his support to the proposi- i
tion to discharge the Committee of the Whole ,
from the farther consideration of the bill, in order
to bring the bill directly within the reach of the
House.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Desst]
wants light upon this proposition—he wants rea-
sons for it. What to his mind may s "m to be
light, or a sufficient reason for the measure, may
not be so to another mind; and what to another
mind may be light, or reason, may not b • so to
his. But, sir, to my mind, there ar1 snflHcnt
reasons in support of the proposition of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and in favor of the
expediency of discharging the Committee of the
Whole from further action upon the repealing
bill. It is expedient to bring the bill out of com-
tnittée, because thirty-four days have elapsed since
it was reported to the House, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole, and such has been its
position before that committee as not to have been
reached at all during the whole period. Such has
been the arrangement of the business before the
committee, it has been, and still is, impossible to
reach the bill there for action, or to have it taken
tip. This, sir, to my mind, is one good and suf-
ficient reason for the proposition now before the
Ho«sC,,andi for a change of the position of the
Another reason, in support of the expediency
of bringing the bi'l out of the committee, is de-
rived from the fact, that the charter of the Bank of
the United States expired, for most of the pur-
poses of its creation, some eighteen or twenty
day since, and this bill, relating to the operation
of that charter, remains undisposed of. The bill
was reported to the House seasonably, before the
expiration of the bank charter, to have been acted
upon, if the arrangement of the business before
the Committee of the Whole had been such as
to have admitted of the bill being taken up; but
it is well known that it has been impossible to
reach the bill there.
The order of the House, giving precedence to
the principal appropriation bills on every day at
one o'clock, is another reason in support of the
expediency of the proposition before the House.
This debate which has already taken place, and
is still pending on one of the appropriation bills,
(the navy appropriation,) and the debate that is
yet to take place, judging from what has passed,
on that and each of the other appropriation bills,
shut out all prospect of reaching this bill, rela-
ting to the bank charter, for weeks and weeks to
come, if it is to remain in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, where it now
is. Unless the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of it, and it be brought
within the range and control of the House, no
one can tell when it will come up for considera-
tion. This, sir, to my mind, is a substantial
reason for the measure proposed by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Again: doubtsexist in the commnnity relative to
the character of the 14th section of the bank char-
ter proposed to be repealed. It is true the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Wise] says no doubts
exist upon thus subject—that the friends of the
bank do not consider the 14th section as longer
operative; but, sir, before the gentleman con-
cluded his remarks, he informed the House, that
the Secretary of the Treasury himself was unable
to tell whether the bills of the Bank of the United
States aro orare not receivable in payment of the
public lands. One would think that this fact was
I evidence enough of existing doubts in relation to
the 14th section of the charter. It is true again,
the honorable gent-'eman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
In-geusoll,] who is also a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, is quoted for the
opinion, that the 14th section of the bank charter,
making the United States Bank b;I!s a tender in
payment of the demands of the Government, is
no longer in force—that it expired with the bank
charter.
But another  gentleman  from  Pennsylvania,
who last addressed the House, [Mr. Dekny,] en-
tertains the opposite opinion, and thinks the sec-
tion still to be in force, and offers, as a reason
against the repeal of the charter, that many citi-
zens have at this time pockets-full of the United
States Bank money wherewith to make payments
to the Government for public lands.    Now, sir,
I think we have evidence enough before us that
doubts do actually exist in the community, and
serious doubts, too, as to the force and operation
of the section of the bank charter proposed to be
repealed.   Two opinions arc  evidently abroad
upon the subject; and these adverse opinions, to
my mind, constitute the best reasons for an early
I action of the House upon the subject; they are
substantial reasons in support of the expediency
l of the measure proposed; they are reasons for the
i earliest possible action of the House, which carf-
' not be had unless the bill be brought out of the
1 Committee of the Whole.
1     Sir, the proposition is to bring the bill before
| the House for examination and discussion; not to
apply to it the previous question without exam-
ination.   My object is to take it from a position
where it cannot be examined or discussed for
weeks to come, and place it within the range of
the House for examination and discussion at
once.    If, after discussion to the satisfaction of
the  House, the  House, or a majority of the
House, in the exercise of their discretion, shall |
desire the previous question, then a different prop- i
osition from the present one will be presented. '
The expediency of the previous question will then
be considered.   The expediency of bringing the
subject before the House at once is the simple
Í proposition note to be considered. I am satisfied,
for one, on this question of expediency, and for
the reasons stated. If, after discussion of the
subject in the House, the previous question shall
be desired, and there shall be evidence enough to
my mind to support its expediency, as on the
present question, then, sir, I will vote for the
previous question.
Mr. REED remarked that the gentleman last up,
had inquired if they could not trust the majority?
Most assuredly; but at the same time he was "in
favor of pursuing the forms adopted by the ma-
jority for disposing of the public business, which
were to consider, in the first instance, particular
measures in the Committee of the Whole. This
course was due to the majority itself, in order to
guard against hasty and inconsiderate action on
questions involving difficult points. He admitted
that there was much useless debate in that body;
but he could see no reason in this instance for
departing from the rules and usages of the House,
and he was opposed to discharging the Commit-
tee of the Whole from the bill under considera-
tion.
Mr. MANN, of New York, said that a single
reason operated with him to favor the motion, to
discharge the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and bring this bill into the
House, and to a prompt decision. This reason
had not, he believed, been alluded to by gentle-
men. The charter of the bank has expired, but
it is too well known that it had run into a State
' bank by the power of one of the States of this
Union. It had " inherited," to use the language
of the high priest of its oracle, " the circulation
of its noble progenitor." Now, if this 14th sec-
tion of its charter, making the notes of what was
the Bank of the United States receivable in all
payments to the United States, is now operative
as the law of the land, (and Mr. M. said, what-
ever other gentlemen might think on this point,
for himself he had very little doubt,) then it
would happen that in virtue of this " inheritance,"
the United States Bank of the State of Pefinsyl-
vania would have preference over all the other
State banks of the several States of the Union,
and that, too, by the laws of the Union. Are gen-
tlemen, friends of the Bank of the United States,
prepared to prefer by our laws one State bank
overall others, and those of their own States?
And for what reason? I trust, sir, that by " in-
heritance" the Bank of the United States of the
State of Pennsylvania is not to obtain an advan-
tage over all other banks in the credit and cur-
rency of its old notes, used by this inheritance.
Why should the Government receive the notes
of this bank, merely because of its name, which
now indicates anything else than truth ?
Mr. M. had intimated his opinion, or rather
fear, that this 14th section, making the notes of
the bank receivable by the United States, had not
expired with the general attributes of the corpora-
tion. This was grounded upen the doctrine, ex-
pressed by a maxim in the quaint language of Lord
Coke, " that corporations have no souls; albeit
they have immortality." They do not die «•>
easily as gentlemen imagine in respect to ad
their attributes. Other clauses of the charter are
now operative by their own terms; they have
not expired. This 14th section is in general terms
If a citizen had held thenotes of the ba'ik m good
faith on the 3d of March, and had offered them
in payment of the revenue on the 5th, will it be
contended that the Government would not have
been bound to receive them, although the bank
might have failed in the mean time? Mr. M. said
he presumed not.
Mr. HA WES said that, whenever any propo-
sition came up which looked to expediting the
public business, there were certain gentlemen
who uniformly opposed it; and the same persons
were always the first to charge others with neg-
lecting the necessary business of the country and
of lengthening the session. They were yesterday
told, that the majority would be held responsible
to the country for the action, or the want of
action, on the part of the House; and upon the
present occasion the party friends of the gentle-
man who made the remark to which he referred
were the very same who had again interposed to
prevent the dispatch of the business of the ses
sion.
