1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
If, as hnd been admitted by the friends of the
bank, the operation of this fourteenth section of '
its charter had censed and expired on the 4th of
March, why should any person object to its re-
peal > There could be none. There were doubts
on the subject. As a Kentuckian, he felt bound
to urge the repeal of this section. He would never
consent to give puvileges and immunities to a
State bank of Pennsylvania which were not pos-
sessed by the banks in his own State.
Gentlemen were afraid of the previous ques-
tion. He had moved it, and would again, if by
so doing he could facilitate the transaction of the
public business
Mr. BOiVD made a fevr remarks, which were
mostly inaudible to the reporter. He was under-
stood to contend that, as the majority made its
own rules of proceeding, the minority were not
justly chargeable for any delay in the dispatch of
the business of the House.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, obtained the
floor; but, the hour of one having arrived, the
Chair announced the special order.
Mr. RIPLEY moved to suspend the rule for
the purpose of proceeding with the consideration
of the subject before the House; which was nega-
tived without a count.
AAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.              j
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House, i
pursuant to the special order of the 26th January,
then resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hamer
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice of the United States for the year 1836.
The question pending was the motion by Mr.
Bell, to strike out the following item of the bill:
For improvements and necessary repairs of the navy yard
at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, $67,000                          .
Mr. BELL resumed his remarks. He adverted
to the sketch of his remarks which appeared in
the National Intelligencer the other day, in which
he was represented to have "ridiculed the special
message of the President. He had neither done
so, nor intended to do so; he had only remarked
on the inconsistency of certain portions of that
document. He still avowed himself a supporter
of all the prominent and legitimate measures of
the Administration, and all the early principles
jf the party that supported the present Chief
Magistrate. He had never departed from them,
nor ever should. This declaration he again re-
iterated.
Mr. B. then adverted to the mode of caucus or
convention nominations, which he held to be
synonymous, the tendency of which was, and
always had been, to defeat the free will of the
people. Hostility to these was one of the early
principles of the present party. Now, all who
did not subscribe to the absolute acquiescence of
these caucus nominations—such a one, for ex-
ample, as was held a few Months ago in Balti- {
mort.—were held up and hunted down as enemies
to the Democracy, anti-Jackson men, &c. With
regard to the prevention of an election by the
Houseof Representatives, the party now in power
had invariably evaded the recommendations of
the President. He recurred to the practice of
electing the Vice President of the United States
to the presidency This was at first an early
principle of the Government, but it was soon
departed from. Then it was thought the office
of the Secretary of State was the line of succes-
sion. No party opposed this practice with more
vehemence, especially in the case of Mr. Clay,
then the present party in power. Did not the
same reasons exist at this moment > Was it
necessary to show how the present party had
disregarded and abandoned all their former decla-
rations on this subject > Where was their con-
sistency—where their adherence to principle >
In the canvass immediately precedin  the pres-
ent Administration,it was thought indispensable
to preserve the purity of the press, and to keep it
disconnected with the executive branch of the
Government. Then the disbursement of $30,000
by the Secretary of State, for printing and pub-
lishing the laws of the United States, was thought
enough to corrupt the whole press of the country
in a most dangerous and alarming degree. He
recurred to the resolution of Mr. Sanders, of
North Carolina, and the debate that ensued there- ]
upon. One of the most obnoxious acts of the
President in Tennessee was taking away the
privilege of publishing the laws, and giving it to
the Nashville Republican. Lately the Secretary
of State had taken it away from the Nashville
Republican, and given it to a partisan newspaper
in the same town, (the Union,) a paper of the
highest partisan cast, possessing not a quarter,
certainly not one half the circulation of the for-
mer. Besides this, the amount of Executive
patronage upon the press, both in this city and
elsewhere, had enormously increased.
Mi. B. then referred to the vast increase of
power and influence in the Executive resulting
trom the present mode of keeping and distubuting
the public deposits, indirectly wielded through
the agency of an individual who was said to re-
side in this city, (Mr. Whitney,) by which mil-
lions were gratuitously used to corrupt the people
in their elections. He called the attention of the
House to the indisposition of the party there to
act on any subject embracing, or having the ef-
fect of curtailing, executive pationage, and gave
a detail of the couise pursued there during the
present session, when a bill for that purpose came
from the Senate. That bill now slept the sleep
of death. It was a measure in unison with the
principles of the party that brought General Jt<ck-
son into power, whereas now a distinguished
Senator, who advocated it, had been assailed and
denounced for his course on that occasion. The
Senate of the United States had now become a
body yielding to the principle of passive obe-
dience and non-resistance to executive author-
ity. A profound regard to the rights of the States
was professed and avowed by the original Jack-
son party. Need he recur to recent interferences
in the election of Senators, and with the pro-
ceedings of State Legislatures'
An opposition to works of internal improve-
ment was one of the principles of the original
Jackson party. To show the departure from this,
he cited the various appropriations for such ob-
jects from 1830 upwards, showing a gradual in-
crease from year to year In 1830, there was
appropriated for the improvement of harbors,
rivers, and breakwaters, the sum of $367,000;
and for the surveys of roads and certain works
I of internal improvement, $158,000; for the pres-
ent year, there were proposed to be appropriated
by standing committees of the House, organized
to carry out the will of the majority, fir the first
object, $876,000, and for the second, §1,090,000.
i He then called the attention of the committee
to what he considered the most exceptionable
principle of the party in power, the practice of
governing the country and sustaining party as-
cendency by an artful system of popular delusion
and excitement, by treating the people more 1 ke
children than as men. He referred to the dcht-
1 sion about the gold and siher currency,the "ex-
I punging," which was not so much intended to
vindicate the chaiacter of the President of the
United States as to change the political character
of the Senate of the United States. But the great
opic of the last year was the late French war,
which had been got up as one of the topics of
public excitement. He adverted to a pai agraph
relative to himself in the Globe of the 28th of
January, to show that this was the design of the
French war, and that his course had been directly
misrepresented. It was, false that he had opposed
appropriations for putting the country in a state
of defense; and, after quoting sundry other para-
fraphs and reading some passages from Governor
helby's address, Mr. B. said he was prepared
to demonstrate what he then affirmed—in the first
place, that either there never was any danger of
a war with France, or, if there was, the public
functionaries of this country had been guilty of
the most gross and culpable neglect of their pub-
lic duties, and he should furthermore undertake
to state and demonstrate that, if at any period
during the preceding year, there existed danger of
a war with France, then had the gentlemanYrom
New York, who was at the head of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Cambrelbng,] and
those with whom he acted out of that House, the
leaders of the party, paltered with the honor and
safety of the countiy. Either alternative, either
horn of the dilemma, might be selected by then .
These position* Mr. B. set about to prove by
the absence of any executive calls for those v igor-
ous and speedy mrasuies which the alleged exi-
gency would hive requued, between the 3d of
Mai eh, 1831, and the 26th of January, 1836, and
the absence of any movements to til it end by the
party in power in the House. He íecited sundry
remarks during the present session by Missis
C vmbreleng, Adams, Masov, and Miller, in
relation to this point, and commented thereon at
some length, lefening also to the denunciations
upon the chaiacter of the French Ki^g ind people
in the leading administntion presses oft'ie coun-
tiy. If, then, war h id been apprehended by the
patty m power, they were ginlty of g*n s negli-
gence, foi the countiy was m the most defenseless
state, and no one solitary measure taken for its
lmpiovement in that respect. If war was really
contemplated, those having the charge of that
branch of the public seivice must hmc been cithei
in a state of lunacy or guilty of treachery, neither
of which was the case. Therefore war was never
anticipated. What was the condition of our
maritime frontier* Men of the highest military
skill in the country weie of opinion that three
French ftigates, with an equipment of only five
thousand men, ably commanded, could have laid
any city on the coast of the United States under
contribution, and could have captured the whole
of the public pioperty, including every ship on the
stocks, in every navy-yard of the United States.
Nay, more, a single French frigate could have
sailed up the Potomac with impunity, and not
only hav e possessed itself of our navy-yard here
and all its contents, but have battered down the
walls of the Capitol itself In this state of the
public defenses, could it be possible that a war
with France was contemplated *
Another fact in proof of this point was derived
fiom the circumstance that the appropriation bill,
embodying the items for the diplomatic expenses
of the Government, was reported at an early day
of the session, and contained the usual annual
appropriation for a minister's salary and outfit to
France,—not omitted, not in blank, as might
have been expected, if a war with that nation had
been apprehended. The course of the House in
setting aside the proposed Navy appropriation
for the discussion of a resolution which never
proposed an act of legislation, was another proof
that war was never anticipated. He believed at
the time, there would be no war, and he believed
the party were in possession of some indirect in-
formation, although of a positive character, either
that the French Government would not insist
upon an apology, or that the message of the Pres-
ident would be satisfactory, or that the media-
tion of another Power would be tendered and
accepted.
He did not censure the Chief Executive only
for the neglect of the public defenses of the coun-
try His lieutenants, the heads of Departments
and bureaus, should share some of it. There had
been gioss neglect mall the Departments. The
charge attached to the whole corps, though not to
indiv iduals of it. Nor was the charge of neglect
and abuse confined to the War Department. It
extended equally, if not in a greater degree,
through the civil Departments,and he need only
to refer to the present condition of the Land Of-
fice, the Indian Department, and the Post Office.
This arose, not so muchfiom the organization of
those Departments, as from the incompetency and
utter incapability of most of those appointed to
the offices. This was the cause, and the only
remedy was the removal of the officers—the in-
competent agents. The system, too, was so
managed and contrived that the responsibility was
thrown entirely upon the President. The name
and popularity of General Jackson were made the
shield and buckler for every abuse and enormity
of the officers of the Government, from the head
of a Depaitment down to an Indian agent. The
moment an abuse was touched, it was held up as
a dnect attack upon the President—as bringing in
Question the honor or integrity of the hero of New
irleans' Nor was this all. Even the secret re-
cesses of the most intimate domestic relations
were pryed into, for the purpose of searching for
something to hunt down those who attacked
abuses. He thanked bis God, however, that
such things could not long exist in a free Govam-
