280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
m<Mit, for no Government where they did exist
;ould ling be free.
Without concluding, Mr. B. gave way to Mr.
FORESTER, on whose motion the committee
rose, and having reported progress,
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the House ad-
journed.____________________
IN SENATE.                            i
Wednesday, March 23, 1836.
Mr. GRUND V* presented a memorial from a
committee appointed by the clerks of the Execu-
tive Departments of the General Government,
praying for a general increase of their compensa-
tion; aiso, a memorial on the same subject, signed
by several individual clerks, accompanied with
estimates; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. GRUNDY gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to bring in a bill to authorize
contracts for carrying the mails and public prop-
erty on railroads.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, presented the petition
of sundry citizens of Ohio, protesting againstany
change in the location of the Cumberland road;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr BUCHANAN presented the petition of
the custom-house officers of Philadelphia, pray-
ingfor anincraase of their salaries; also, arecom-
mendation of such increase, signed by a great
number of the importing merchants of said city;
which were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. "VVRIGHT presented the petition of Archi-
bald W. Hamilton, of New York, praying that a
law may be passed, authorizing the settlement of
his accounts on the principles of equity; which
■was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of Massachusetts on the subject of
the unsettled controversy with Great Britain rela-
tive to the northeastern boundary, asking that
measures may be taken by the Government of the
United States for the speedy settlement of the
controversy, or that an agent may be appointed
on the part of the United States to reside on the
disputed territory, and prevent trespassers and
waste of timber; and, after some remarks from
Messrs. DAVIS and SHEPLEY, on motion by
Mr. CLAY, the resolutions were laid on the table
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER presented three sets of resolu-
tions adopted by the Legislature of the State of
Mississippi: the two first on the subject of estab-
iisliing new post routesiu that State; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads; and the last, instructing their Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress to en-
deavor to obtaia the passage of a law to establish
a military depot at Columbus, on the Tombigbee
river-, which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
EXPUNGING  RESOLUTION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution introduced by Mr. Benton, to expunge
a certain resolution from the Journal of the Senate.
Mr. PORTER further illustrated his position
assumed yesterday, that the Journal of the pro-
ceedings kept by the Secretary was strictly the
only Journal; and made Some further allusions to
decisions of courts in relation to printed copies
being received in evidence. He contended that,
if the Clerk did not record their proceedings, they
would have no Journal in accordance with the
constitutional injunction to keep a Journal of their
proceedings. He also maintained that the ex-
punging of the proceedings in 1806, cited by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] was
not at all applicable, and argued that the minutes
of the Secretary did not become the Journal of
the Senate until they were read by him the next
morning under the sanction of the Senate. In the
case'cited, the proceedings were expunged on th«
eame day they were minuted down by the Secre-
tary, and had not yef received the sanction of the
Sen ate. He argued, from analogy, that courtB hare
Ijower over their records át each day, up to the
ast day of their term, to correct clerical errors,
imd therefore the Senate for that purpose had a
•hnilar power up to the last day of the session.
Tne gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bektow)
had said the gentlemen in the opposition could
not shelter themselves under a plea that there was
no wrong or criminal motive imputed to the Pres-
ident by their resolution charging him with acting
in derogation of the Constitution and laws. As for
himself, (Mr. P.,) he never for one moment in-
tended in the vote he gave on that resolution to
ascribe to the President a false or a bad motive; but
believed he (the President) had done it under the
influence of strong passions, wrought up by others
less pure thanhimself,andthathe no doubt thought
he was doing right. He (Mr. P.) had deemed it
of the highest importance that the people of the
United States should, on that occasion, be told
the opinion of the Senate—that the removal of the
, deposits was in derogation of the Constitution and
laws of the United States. It was urged by the
, gentleman that this was prejudging the President,
' and that if he had been impeached on that charge
by the House of Representatives, the Senate by
that vote had disqualified themselves to sit as the
constitutional tribunal upon his trial.
Mr. P. said it was utterly impossible that they
should not,in the multifarious subjects that came
before them,in some instances act in a legislative \
capacity upon matters which might aftei wards \
come before them in a judicial capacity; and as
they could not foresee everything, those powers
would sometimes run into each other. In illus-
tration of this fact, he brought to view various
examples.
In regard to the motives of the President, he
said there might be remissness of duty, but no
malfeasance without improper motives, and con-
troverted the position that a judicial officer could
be impeached for errors of opinion in matters of
law, unless they were accompanied by criminal
motives; and he did not think the position of the
gentleman from Missouri sustained by the case
of Judge Chase, and read extracts from his trial
to show that improper motives were charged in
I all the accusations except one, upon which he
was unanimously acquitted. The speech of the
( gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benton] he
¡ thought might be divided into two parts; one of
which was in praise of General Jackson, and the
other in the vituperation of the United States
Bank. He (Mr. P.) found no fault in that part
praising the President. He, himself, had found
the utmost difficulty in seeing anything wrong in
those to whom he was attached. But he did not
carry his feelings quite so far as thegentlemanfrom ,
Missouri, who seemed to have adopted the
adage, that to lay the plaster on thick waa sure to
make some stick. He (Mr. P.) had no respect j
for hackneyed politicians, if that was what the ,
gentleman from Missouri had said; butif he meant
that General Jackson had done more good than
all the politicians in the world, he could not agree
with him, and thereupon instituted a comparison
between the President and Cicero, Hampden,
Chatham, Randolph, Henry, Jefferson, and
Franklin, all of whom he said were politicians,
and certainly all of them put together had ren-
dered as much service as him, whatever compar-
ison he might bear with them individually. He
spoke of the discussion over the dead body
of the United States Bank. In the quarrel be-
tween the President and the United States Bank,
he thought the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benton] ought to come in for a share of the credit
of the victory, as he had fought, shoulder to
shoulder, with the President. But he doubted,
after the part the gentleman had taken against
the bank, whether he was an impartial judge
in this matter. For his part, he believed the
history of this globe did not present an instance
where an institution of the magnitude of the
i United States Bank, and with the same extent of
| powers, had performed its functions with greater
propriety. But, instead of being brought before
a court of justice, where the evidence could
have been heard in its defense, its deposits were
taken from it in a manner unauthorized by either
the Constitution or the laws of the country.
He (Mr. P.) had never any transactions with the
bank, and never borrowed a dollar from it; and,
so far as that matter stood, he was impartial, and
he never saw anything that destroyed his confi-
dence in it. The defense of that institution by
the Seuators opposed to the President was not
with a Tiew to gain popularity.   If they had
wish"d to gain popularity, they would never have
touched the subject of the Unite d States L'ank, for
the popular hi ling was always against moneyed
institutions. When a bunk, which, l'rora a want
of prudence and discretion, made nothing, and its
stock was of little value, applied to the Legisla-
ture for a recharter, it immediately got it. But if
it had managed its matters prudently, and made
money, a cry was raised against it, and a charter
refused. Mr. P. said he, and those who acted
with him believed a national bank was neces-
sary to the interests of the country, and did not
wish to change the old bank for any other.
They saw what its destruction would lead to, and
foretold the present state of things. But their au-
thority was overruled, and the responsibility was
assumed by another branch of the Government.
The Governor of Pennsylvania had swallowed
the great monster bank, but could not swallow
any more, and rejected a little monster that was
offered him, theGirard Bank.
He alluded to the course pursued in the State of
Ohio, and attempted to be pursued in New York,
in relation to the notes of the United States Bank.
On the demise of the United States Bank, every
bank was interested in issuing as much paperas
was possible; and hence the great amount of pa-
fer in circulation. The gentleman from Missouri
Mr. Benton] had told them that the President
was going to give them a gold—a good metallic—
currency. Since then, he (Mr. P.) had had trans-
actions to the amount of forty or fifty thousand
dollars, and had but ten half eagles durin? the
whole summer, which he carried in his pocket as
a matter of curiosity. He did not recollect what
had become of them; but he supposed that, having
no more bank notes to spend, he had spent them.
lie then went into an examination of the increased
amount of banking capital from 1830 to 1835, and
also of the number of banks within that period;
and as a cohscquence, property, although high in
price, was not increased, but that paper was de-
creased in value, and placed it in the power of
speculators to speculate upon the poor. He asked
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] whether
he did not think it would have been better to have
continued the United States Bank, TMr. Bent-om
shook his head,] or a Bank of the United States?
[Mr. Benton again shook his head.] Mr. P.
then predicted an alteration of the Constitution,
as a means of merging all tliese small banks in
one national bank, And urged the entire futility
of establishing a metallic currency, although he
believed many of the friends of the Administration
had worked up their minds into the belief that
we could have a gold currency. He controverted
the position that the people, in sustaining General
Jackson, condemned the bank. They had sus-
tained him from other motives, in spite of his
opposition to the bank. That doctrine amounted
to this: that if a President adopts a particular
measure, no matter how erroneous, and was after-
wards reelected, it was to be regarded as an ap-
proval of it by the people. General Jackson was
elected by them from an appreciation of all his
qualifications together. As evidence of the fluc-
tuation of public opinion, he spoke of the gun-
boat system, and remembered when in the good
old day  of Democracy, he thought a Navy the
greatest curse that could be brought upon the
country. In short, human actions were nothing
but a collection of errors, notwithstanding public
opinion, in the opinion of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] was infallible.
After the consideration of executive business,
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Mordí 23, 1836.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion made on Monday by Mr. Cambkeleng,
from the Committee of Ways and Means, to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from the further consideration of the
bill to repeal the fourteenth section of the act to
incorporate the subscribers to the Bank of the
United States, approved April 10, 1816—the ob*
ject being to bring the bill before the House for
a third reading.
The section proposed to be repealed is as fol-
lows:
" Sec. 14. And U it further enacted, That the Wis or
