98ft
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
now as at any other tune. He had, therefore,
cnmi toth< com Indian to vote to tike it out of
Comm me of the Whole but he hoped thnt those
who mi;rht difTi r from him in opinion, and those
who might dift. i in opinion from other gentle-
men, mi'ht be permitted to express their views
on the bill without being cut off by tint familiar
monster, more dangerous to the fieedom of de-
bate thin the old bank ever could be to the free-
dom of the country He was somewhat sur-
prised to heir gentlemen say, they were ready
and willing to move the previous question. When
the pre\ lous question vv as perverted by the power
of pirty, it tvv? one of the most odious and de-
testable instruments ever introduced into any
deliberative body on eaith.
Mr H \RPER wished merely to state his rea-
sons, as the \eas and nnvs had been ordered, for
voting against bringing the subji ct out of the
Centrum e of the Whol« It wis this eternal
attempt to ride one portion of thi business over
a'ioth^r which created so much confusion, and
consumid so mu h of the time of the House. As
to t'it prese.it subject, he conceived the law had
been de-id for a month, and he could see no rea-
i*o i why the note** should be offt red as a legal
t"i d< r for anything Believing that the public
co'ild sustain no loss, he could see no necessity
for speedy action on the question A bill of the
utmost importance was now before them, and yet
it was desired to mike this bill ride over that.
He repeated, that this sort of procedure was cal-
culated to delay the business of the House, and
to create confusion; and hence the reason that
the House had done nothing, aid so long a3 that
system continued the House -would do nothing.
This dead monster, who had called forth the whole
influence of one party to wage war against it,
could not be permitted to rest 'ii its gravi ; it must
have the last kick.
The CHAIR reminded the gentleman that he
could not enter into the merits of the question.
Mr HARPER resumed. Would the country
sustain any tnpiry' It could sustain none, and
all that could be done was to give a few additional
blows to the bank. But his principal objection
was that the business of the House ought to go
on m regular order-, the interests of the country
called for it. He had voted against all motions
to suspend the rules of the House- he was anx-
ious that the House should go on regular with its
business. For these reasons he should vote
against taking the subject out of the Committee
of the Whole
Mr. GALBRAITH wished to give one or two
reasons for the vote he should give. He thought
he ought to act on the subject immediately. One
of his colleagues [Mr. Ivgehsoll] had said that
the 14th section was entirely inoperative, yet he
argued that the present bill ought not to pass.
But Mr. G. thought, as there was doubt about
it, the bill should pass. Some had said that the
bank was dead, but others thought differently,
and the people of the country might coll-et up the
notes of that bank under the impression that they
were a legal tender, and might in consequence
suffer inconvenience. Thi3 being the case, he
thought the bill ought to pass, and without delay.
The different arguments of gentlemen had made
rt satisfactory to him that the bill should be taken
up and passed speedily; and, also, as it should do
no harm, and might do a great deal of good, it
ought to pass.
Mr. DAVIS regretted that this debate had taken
so wide a range, for it did seem to him to be a
simple question whether the subject should be
taken from the Committee of the Whole and
brought into the House. The bill could be acted
on just as well in the House as in Committee of
the Whole, and woukl be subject to the very same
rules. If it was necessary to act at all, they
should act speedily. Thei e appeared to be a great
disposition with some gentlemen to debate in that
House, and a great dread of the gag-law—the pre-
vious question. Now, if those gentlemen would
turn their eyes to their own side of the House,
they would find that at least two thirds of the
time of the House was occupied by Opposition
*peakers; yet the majority were accused of spring-
ing the previous question, and also of allowing
flo business to be done. This was a strange con-
tradietion.   He understood the nature of the pre-
vious question to be to cut off useless debate, be-
cause even the freedom of debate might be abused,
and whenever it was in the delibeiate opinion of
the House, then it should be applied. The pres-
ent bill was necessary, so that the United States
Bank should have noothercorporate powers than
that of any other bank; therefore, he should vote
for bringing the subject immediately before the
House, and acting on it.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said, that the fourteenth
section of the bank charter made the notes of the
Bank of the United States a legal tender in all
payments to the Government. The charter had
expired, and perhaps the operation of that section
expired with it, but upon that subject doubts
seemed to exist, in consequence of a decision
said to have been mide by Judge Marshall. There
seemed tobe some reason to doubt, then, whether
the section had expired with the bill, therefore,
it was necessary to pass a law to clear up those
doubts. The House should not leave the coun-
try under the supposition that these bills were a
legal tender, and that they would be received by
the collectors and receivers. There should be no
hesitation; the doubts should be dissipated, and
the public officers should know what to do, and
if these notes were not entitled to a preference,
the subject ought to be disposed of by a vote of
Congress. It was said a great principle was m-
volvtd in the fourteenth section, and that it ought
to be kept in a place where it could have full
discussion.
Mr. REED rose to a point of order. He said,
if the gentleman went on with his remarks, the
whole subject would be opened up fordiscuss'on.
The CHAIR said he was just about informing
the gentleman that the mentt. of the question could
not be discussed.
Mr. B did not intend to violate the rules. He
intended merely to suggest what seemed to him
good reasons why they should act on the subject
promptly, and dissipate those doubts in relation
to the construction of the fourteenth section. If
the subject remained in committee, there was no
opportunity to get it speedily passed. He had
heard complaints there of the application of the
previous question. In relation to that, he had
only to remark that those who had been in the
House for a few years would recollect that there
was not so much dread of the previous question
when those gentlemen who now complained of it
were in the majority. All would recollect that
I the bill to recharter this very same bank was
I passed under the previous question, and by the
, very same gentlemen who now complained of the
operation of the previous question.
I Mr. WHITE, of Kentucky, warned a certain
interest m that House of the danger to be appre-
hended from the adoption of this precedent. It
would be the entering wedge for s*milar motions
upon questions of vital importance, and the rights
of the minority would be subverted by the exer-
cise of that engine of tyranny, the previous ques-
tion
What good, he would ask, could possibly result
from the adoption of the motion' The only reason
given was, that the passage of the bill might be
expedited. The chairman of the Committee of
i Ways and Means, and the gentleman who last
| addressed the House, had not explained how and
in what manner this bill was to be carried through.
Why did they not tell the whole tale' Why did
they not show their hands, and admit the real in-
tention in moving, to discharge the committee'
He repeated that the object contemplated was to
hurry this bill through by calling that odious en-
gine of tyranny, the previous question, which
operated as an abridgment of the constitutional
rights of the minority. 1 he previous question
could not be moved in Committee of the Whole.
It was there, and there alone, that free discussion
could be lied, and it was intended very properly
as a check upon the caprice of the House; and it
was there that all important measures should be
first deliberately considered and prepared for the
final action of the House.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Speight] had asked, what reason there was to
suppose that the previous question would be de-
manded upon this occasion> He would ask that
gentleman why they expected that the sun would
shine to-morrow'   Why, simply because it had
shone to-day and yesterday. Upon a former oc-
casion a pledge had been mide in committee that
the previous question would not be moved in the
House on a paiticular bill That pledge had been
violated. A gentleman, when the bill came into
the House, after having spoken an houi, had de-
clared that the question was very pliin,and con-
cluded by very politely moving the previous
question.
After a few additional remarks in opposition to
the principle of the previous qu( stion, and the
manner in which it had been ex< icis< d, he con-
cluded by expressing the hopi that the motion to
discharge the Committee of the Whole would not
prevail
Mr. BOON remarked, that notwithstanding the
lecture which had pist ber n delivered by tin' gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mi- WniTr,] he (Mr.
B.) was a previous-question man; and as to the
pledges to which reft renco was made, that the
previous question should not be demanded upon
a particular bill, he knew nothing of it, and de-
sired to be excluded from all such pledges. Theie
never was, in his opinion, a more fit occasion
than the present for enforcing the previous ques-
tion. If the people of the country could be pres-
ent, and witness the useless debates in that
House, they would themselves demand the pre-
vious question more than it was done by mem-
bers on that floor. The motion before the House
was a preliminary one. It was simply whether
a measure should be discussed, if at all, in com-
mittee or in the House. He was for coming up
to the point—he would toe the mark, and, in order
at once to settle this unimportant preliminary
question, which was occupying unnecessarily the
time of the House, he moved the previous ques-
tion.
The motion was seconded—ayes 115, noes 66
Mr. ROBERTSON called for the yeas and
nays on the previous question; which were or-
dered, and were—
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Anthony, Ash, Barton, fteaie,
Bean, Beard-ley, Bockee, Boon, Borden, Bouldin, Bovce,
Boyd, Brown, Bunch, Burns, Bynura, Cambreleng, Carr>
Ca^ey, Clianej, Chapín, Cleveland, Coffee, Coles, Connor,
Craig, Cushman, Davis, Dickerson, Ooubledav, Dromgoole,
Effner, Fairfield, Farlin, Torester, French, William K
Fuller, Galbraith, Gillet, Grantland, Haley, Joseph Hail,
Hamcr, Hannegan, Samuel S. Harrison, Albert G. Harrison,
Hawes, Hawkins, Hajnes, Henderson, Heister, Holsejr,
Hopkins, Howard, Hubley, Huntington,Huntsman,ingbam,
Jabez Jackson, Jarvis, Joseph Johnson, Richard M John-
son, Cave Johnson, Henry Johnson, Benjamín Jones, Ken-
non, Kilgore, Klingcnsmith, Lane, Lansing, Gideon Lee,
Joshua Lee, Thomas Lee, Leonard, Logan, Loyall, Lucas,
Abijan Mann, Job Mann, Manning, Marrm, John Y.
Ma«on, William Mason, Moses Mason, May, MeCarty,
McKay, McKoon, McKim, McLene, Montgomery, Mor-
gan, Muhlenberg, Oweiib, Tarker, Parks, Patterson, Frank-
lin Pierce, Dutee J Pearce, Pettigren, Phelp-, John Rey-
nolds, Joseph Reynold , Ripley, Roane, Roger , Schenck,
Seymour, Shinn, Sickles, Smith, Speight, Thomas, John
Thomson, Towns, Turner, Tamil, Underwood, Vander-
poel, Wagerier, Ward, Wardwell, Webster, and Week 
—135
NAYS—Messrs Chilton Allan, Hernán Allen, Ashley,
Bailey, Ranks, Bell, Bond, Bruñís, John Calhoon, William
B Calhoun, Carter, George Chambers, John Chambers,
Nathaniel H Claiborne,Clark,Gonvin, Crane, Darlington,
Deberry, Dennv, Evans, Everett, Philo C Fulltr, Jame 
Garland, Rice Garland, Glascock, Granger, Gnves, Gray-
son, Grennell, Griffin, Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, Harlan,
Harper,Jlazelune, Hoar, Howell, Ingersoll, Janes, Jenifer,
John W Jones, Lawrenqe, Lay, Luke Lea, Lincoln, Lyon,
Sampson Ma-,on, Maurj, McComis, McKennan, Milhgan,
Morn , Patton, Phillips, Pickens, Reed, Robertson, Russell,
Augustine H Shcpperd, Spangler, Steele, Storer,Tahaferro,
Waddy Thompson, Vinton, White, Whittlesey, Lewi 
Williams, Sherrod Williams, and Wise—72
So the House determined that the main question
be now put; which was decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Ash, Barton, Beale, Bean,
Bockee, Boon, Borden, Bouldin, Bovee, Boyd, Bnggs,
Brown, Bunch, Burn , Bjnum, Cambreleng, Carr, Casev,
Cnaney, Chapman, Chapín, Clulds, Cleveland, Coffee.
Coles, Connor, Craig, Cramer, Cushman. Davis, Dickerson,
Doubledav, Dromgoole, Effner,Fairfield, Farlin, Forester,
French, P C. Fuller, William K Fuller, Galbraith, James
Garland, Gillet, Glascock, Grantland, Haley, Joseph Hall,
Hiland Hall, Hamer, Hannegan,Samuel S. Harrison, Albert
G Harrison, Havves, Hawkins, Haynes, Henderson, Heis-
ter, Holsey, Hopkin , Howard, Hubley, Huntington, Hunts-
man, Ingham, Jabez Jackson, Jarvis, Jo«cph Johnson,
Richard M Johnson, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Ben-
lamin Jones, Kennon, Kugoie, Klingensraith, Lane, Lan-
sing, Lawler, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Thomas Lee.
Leonard, Logan, Loyall, Lucas, Lvon, Abijah Mann, Job
Mann, Manning, Martin, John Y Mason, William Ma«on,
Moses Mason, May, MoCarty, McKay, McKecro, McKira,
McLene, Montgomery, Morgan, Morns, Muhlenberg,
Owens. Page, Parker, Parks-, Patterson, Franklin Pierce,
Dutee J Pearce, Pc'tigrew, Phelps, John Rejnold , Joseph
Reynolds, Rij F>v,  Roane, Roger-,   Schenck, Seymour,
