«*>
THE CON£RES8IQIí¿fc 3LGOT-
March 24,
•ands> The Senator knew that such confirmation
would be ouJv nlinquishing the claim of the
united States,"and that all paitas having con-
flicting claims could have recourse to the courts
of justice. Let the claimants under De Ville-
mout's giant (he said) go to die couits, and ion-
test tin claim;  of thost hold.ng the lands. If the
Stnate refus(d to confirm these claims, it would
(Mr. P. said) be going directly contiary to the
pracuce of Congress fui the last twentj-two
years.
ill. LINN observed, that the persons claiming
in opposition to this grant of De Villemont had,
as he had stated on a former occasion, ample
opportunity allowed them of presenting their
testimony at St. Louis to the board of commis-
sioners, and had failed to do so. He himself had
given them the information that the board would
receive and give every necessary examination to
their claims. Since the commencement of this
session, ^he said,) and since the petition pre-
sented by these claimants, he had been informed
by a gentleman from Missoun, whose attention
was accidentally called to the subject, that if
these people had piesented their testimony to the
board, it would have been met by counter testi-
mony fully sufficient to overset it. They did
not, however,avail themselves of the opportunity
offered at St. Louis, but came here to interfere
with the passage of a law so important to the
people of Missouri. They had wanttd him to
embrace theirviews in an amendment to the bill,
but this, for good reasons, he had declined doing.
He considered that there was a piovision for
these persons m this bill, which protects their
rights in the same manner as was done in Sou-
iaid's case.
Mr. LINN here read the provision and the
decision of the Supreme Court, as follows:
'• The Court doth, therefore, finally order, adjudge, and
lecree, that the decree of the listnct court of Missouri be,
<nd the same 13 hereby, annulled and revcr-cd, except as
.0 such part or parts of the land surveyed to the said Sou-
lard, pursuant to the aforesaid concession, aa had been sold
by the cm ted ¡states before the filing of the peution  in this
ca«e; as to which the decree of the district court is hereby
affirmed, and the land so sold confirmed to thp United
States And thn Court, proceeding to render such decree
as the district court oaght to have rendered, doth further
irder, adjudge, and decree, that the title ot the petitioners
to all of the said land embraced in said concession and sur-
vey, which has not been so sold by the United States, is
valid by the laws and treatv aforesaid, and is hereby con-
firmed to them, agreeably to said concession and survev
And the Court doth further order, adjudge, and decree, that
the survev or of the public lands in the State of Missouri
shall canse the land specified therein, and 111 this decree,
to be surveyed, at the expense ol the petitioners, and to do
such other acts thereto as are enjoined by law on such sur
vejor. Also, that such surveyor shall certify on the plats
and certificates of such survey, to be so made, what put or
parts of the original survey ot such land Ins been sold as ,
aforesaid by the United States, together with the quantity I
thoreol; winch being ascertained, the said petitioners, their
heirs, or legal representatives, shall have the right to enter
the same quantity of land as shall be so certified to have
been sold by the United States in any land office in the
State of Missouri, after the same shall have been offered fcr
tale, which entry shall be made coniormahly to the act of
Congrc-s in such case made and provided "
He had no doubt but this would be a consola-
tory decision for those who have taken up land,
ana would go to settle many cases now considered
doubtful. The honorable Senators from Ken-
tucky, (Mi. L- said,) who were well acquainted
with the manner 111 which the energies of the
Deople of Kentucky liad been crippled and par-
alyzed by the unsettled state of their land titles,
couldveiy well sympathize with the people of
Missouri, who were in a similar situation. This
much he was certain of—the protracting of the
confirmation of those claims would only have the
effect of enabling the lawyers to reap a rich
harvest. He did not think it necessary to go
fuither into this subject. He only regretted that
these people had come here for the purpose of
ooisomngthe minds of the members of Congress
against a measure so just and necessary, instead
of having presented their claims, with the neces-
sary evidence, at a proper time, and before the
proper tn bunal. Now, he appealed to every gen-
tleman if it was just that this untimely applica-
tion should interfere with the settlement of a sub-
ject so long delayed, and in which so many im-
portant interests were involved?
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, said it was some time
since he had turned his attention to this matter;
but, according to his recollection of the case, in
1795, a grant was made to yillemontron «press
conditions, that the land should bo settled within
three veats.and a road cleared out in one. It
was a grant of nine square miles, and was a
naked giant on that condition. The hens under
Vilkmont did not contend that they ever settled
on it, although sixteen y eais had elapsed since
the grant was made. It had appeared in evidence,
that Villemont had offered an individual a choice
pait of it, if he would settle on it, and thereby
presJive the title 111 Villemont. He (Mr. E.)
had read the Spanish law s íelating to settlements,
which held the sottleis to as exacta fulfillment of
conditions as ours. With the impressions now
upon his mind, he cou'd not vote for this claim,
or for the bill, if it should be retained in it.
Mi. LINN said that he held 111 his hand a letter
fiom adistinguishcdgentleman'ofMissouri.which
gave the following information: that De Ville-
mont at an early period had improved this prop-
erty, his wife and family still rtside thereon; and
that much difficulty existed, from the inroads of
the Indians, 111 making settlements in that remote
and unprotected region. The Supreme Court in
Anodondo's case had laid it down that the right
of the claimant under a Spanish giant was not
invalidated by the non-peiformance of the con-
ditions, when he could satisfactorily make it
appear that he had been prevented from fulfilling
this condition, either by the King's enemies, or
by any other imperative cause. The testimony
went on to show that, in De Villemont's case, the
land had in the fiist instance been held in pos-
session by hostile Indians; and secondly, that De
Villemont had been removed from that part of the
countiy by the order of his supouor officei, and
sent to anothei and distant command; by both of
which means he was prevented from fulfilling
the condition of occupancy. Mr. L. said that, for
the reasons he had stated on a former occasion,
he could not accept the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Alabama, but he would not oppose it.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, was sorry his friend
from Missouri had thought it necessary to refuse
this amendment. He knew the boaid of com-
missioners had done all in their power to do justice
and to give satisfaction; but the honorable Sena-
tor had mistaken the object of the action of the
commissioners. He (Mr. K.) had, at a former
period, apprised the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Linn] of the state of the matter. The delay 111
presenting the claim and certificate was caused by
sickness. The case was decided on a mistaken
view of the laws of Spain. The case of Arro-
dondo was to settle the land and put on so many
settlers; but the moment of the Florida transfer
the terms of the condition were at an end. J_n
reply to the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Por-
ter] he gave his reasons why he thought the
course proposed to be pursued was no departure
from parliamentary rules. As the Senate seemed
to be all satisfied, with the exception of this in-
dividual case, he thought they had better go on
with the bill, without including it, and take it up
again.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, said, so far as he had
information, his opinion was against this claim,
and without further information, 01 until he was
better satisfied, he must vote against it.
The question wras then taken; and the amend-
ment of Mr. King, of Alabama, was agreed to.
Mr. PORTER then submitted an amendment,
to come in after the amendment of Mr. King, 111
the following words:
Jlni provided also, That nothing in tins act contained
shall apply to, or be in confirmation of, the following claims-
¿trpent.
Manuel Lisa ................................. 6,000
r Coonts and Hempstead.......        .........     450
Matthew Sanicer...........................   1300
Charles Tarpen .............................1^600
Sons of Joseph M. Pepin...................... 5,600
Louis Lonmoore..............................33,000
Bartholomew Consm........................10 000
Manuel Gonsales Mori.......................    'guo
Seneca Rollins  ...........................     400
William Long...........................     -100
James Journey...............................     400
Joachim Lica.............................6,010
Francois Lacomb.......................        400
Israel Dodge ...........................„,.., 7,056
Andrew Chevalher........................     400
Joseph Silvani.........................    2Ó0
John P Curbanis    .........................   2 000
William Hartlej.............................    'gso
William Morrison.............................    750
Jtrpens
SMdmon Bellew...............................    350
Pascal Ditchemendi..........................7,056
Baptise Annure.............................     240
Alexander Maurice.........................       400
Jean Baptiste Valle.......................20,000
IsraelDodge................................. 1,000
Walter Fenwick..............................10,000
Total....................................117,722
Tins amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EWING, after some remarks, offered the
following resolution:
This act shall confer no title to -.ucti land, in opposition
to the mhts required br such licition or purchase, but the
individual or individuals whose claims are hereby con-
firmed shall be permitted to locate so much thereof as in-
terferes with such location or purchase.
Mr. PORTER did not see any reason why
squatters on the public lands should be protected.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, was not himself dis-
posed to favor squatters, although they had here-
tofore, he thought, been treated very liberally for
squatting. He would do no act that would con-
fiim titles to lands claimed by them, for which
patents had issued to others; as it would be pro-
ductive of litigation, and give rise to claims for
damages against the United States.
Mr. Ewing's amendment was then agreed to;
and the bill was ordered to be nngrossed for a
third reading.
U. S. REVOLUTIONARY LAND WARRANTS.
The bill to extend the time for issuing scrip for
the satisfaction of the United States revolutionary
land warrants was taken up; and after a short
debate was, on motion by Mr. King, of Georgia,
laid on the table.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Match 24, 183G.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph
Hall; which was lead twice and committed.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills; which were
read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of John Hernck; and
A bill for the relief of Ann Evans.
Mr. BOON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to reoiganize the General
Land Office:
Mr. MUHLENBERG, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, íeported the following
bills; which were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of the heirs-at-law of Joshua
Fanning, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Colonel C tmpbcll.
Mr. CASEY, from the Commrtee on Public
Lands, rcpor.ted the following bills; which were
read twice and committed:
A bill to authorize the sale of a certain section
of land in the State of Illinois;
A bill for the relief of James Brewer, of Ohio,
and
A bdl to create the office of Surveyor of the
Public Lands in that part of the Territory of
Michigan west of Lake Michigan.
Mr. WARD WELL, fiom the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill foi the re-
lief of Benedict Alford and Robert Brush; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. CHAPÍN, fiom the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs and legal representatives of Captain
John Marks, deceased;; which was read twice
and committed.
Mt. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill for reviving
and extending the cliarter of the Eastein Branch
Bridge Company, which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. CUSHMAN, fiom the Committee on
Commerce, lepoited a bill for the relief of Moses
Treadwell; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. HOAR, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported thp following bills; which were
read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of James McFarland; and
A bill for the relief of Josiah Strong.
Mr. EVERETT, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of certain
