290


TfTJ

Mr  C ,) amon^ other tlrfnjr, tn p-^rre '
leeords of oui  history fiom  be-
, dis-i.? md, 01 destroyed,  end Hi
111   t'lelll    t'l I 1   \V<_   ll'\t    111
D >i s i' mike it
tin-ied
these  prtciou*
lllg Oj'itt MR
hJ\i iii ii iK i>i i,) i y
the >—oíd  ot tic otner IIous
a leas huuous offense in us (asked All. L.) to
desuoy these rccoius because we are their sruar-
dians- 0.) the coutiarj , tne cume would be
gieater,because they were intrusted to tneir care.
As well might the guaidian waste oi destroy
the property of his vvaid under the plea of his
guaidianship. Upon every view he could take
of the subject, whether with regaid to the injunc-
tions of the Constitution, the obligations of then-
oaths, or the impoitan-e of pieativmg, in tlie
utmost purity, the authentic ougmals ol the his-
tory of the country, there seemed to be an impe-
rious obligation on them to provide such legal
enactments for the protection and preservation,
not only of the Journals of the two Houses of
Congress, but of the other public recoids, as, he
regretted to say, were not now to be found on the
records of then statute-book. It was with these
views that he had submitted his resolution, and
ha hoped the committee would give to it its most
serious consideration.
Mr. NILE3 said, that, as the resolution was
merely one of inquiry, he felt reluctant to object
to its passage, although he could not perceive the
force of the leasons the honorable Senator [Mi.
Calhock] had uiged in its suppoit; neither had
he any objection to the gentleman's discussing,
on this question, the resolution befoie the Senate
offeied by the Senator from Missouri. lie could,
if so disposed, go into that inquiry, and examine
the power of the Senate over its Journal, and its
right to coirect or alter the same;  but he was
not  disposed  to  follow  the  gentleman  in   this
course, or to reply to his arguments on that sub-
ject.  At the proper time he proposed to offer his
sentiments on that resolution.    He did not per-
ceive either the force ov consistency of the gentle-
man's reasons for the adoption of his íesoluuon.
At one moment he informs us that there are no
legal provisions whatever for the security of the
public records and the Journals of Congiess; that
there is no obligation to preseive them; and that
they may be destroyed by any one, by the Sec-
retary  of the  Senate  himself, with  impunity.
Then again we are told, that the prov ísioas of the
Constitution are so clear and strong, that they
cannot be mistaken or perveited, and tliat they
impose on the Senate the most sacred obligation,
not only to keep a Journal, or cause  their pro-
ceedings to be rccoided by the Secretai y fiom day
to day, but likewise to take care of and preserve
the Journal.  If the gentleman is right in lus con-
struction of the Constitution—and I am not now
disposed to deny that he is—it appfcais to me t'iat
there is an obligation of the highest nature, so I
far, at least, as the Senate is concerned.    The |
Journal of the Senate is a public record of the '
highest authority, and is so regarded in couits
and elsewhere—a record which we are enjoiaed
to make and preseive by the Constitution, accoid-
ing to the gentleman's construction of the pro-
vision relating to this question.   How, then, can
it be said that there is no security for these rec-
ords?   Is there no authoaty in the Constitution'
If it imposes so sacred an obligation on the body,
can it be said there is not protection or security
for the preservation of our Journal'    But, per-
haps the gentleman means that there is no legal
sanction;  that theio can be no punishment for
mutilating, defacing, or destroying the Journal>
If the Journal of the Senate is a public record,
and made such by the Constitution, is it not a |
crime to destroy it, upon general principles, upon
the principles of the lommon law?   To vialite
the Constitution must be an offense.    He felt'
reluctant to oppose a resolution of nquiry only
but could not perceive,from the gentleman's own
view of the subject, that there; was that necessity
for legislation which he professed to feel, and
which he so earnestly pressed on the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN, in reply to the Senator fiorn
Connecticut, said, that it had been long since
established that the common law formed no part
of the law of the Union. In reply to another part
of the gentleman'  aigument, he would obseive, '
that there were other persons into whose posses- I
uiaa the Journal might fall who could injure or
deface them without Incitrr n:r anv punishment
Tivov saw th ■ force of patty diso'p'in , and how
t!i<. jud^nc ir v as warped by pnny t elm-,. At-
tempts hid b in mad by thi most i< spectnble
i ,lii, ' v Ligislatun s of the State1-, acting under
the force of party, to mutilate the Journal, showing
to what an extent party f-'rhns: might be cnriied,
and the necessity of guarding against it. The act
of mutilation could not be performed by twenty-
five persons, the majority of the Senate; it must
be perfoimed by one single person, undei the
ordeis of the ma|onty; and he would answer for
it, if they passed a law making it pcnnl to mutilate
the public leeords, no person would be found to
plead ths order of the Senate in justification of
such an act. My object (said Mr. C.) is to pass
a law containing cheeks and guards against our-
selves, to pieventus, under the influence of party
feeling, from tampering with records of so sacred
a nature. The Committee on the Judiciary were
all legal men; and, by giving their attention to the
sub|ect, they would'no doubt see how necessary
it tv as that some legal enactments should be
fianv d as would effectually sustain the particular
piovsion in the Constitution in question.
Mr. SHEPLEY said, ordinarily, I should not
be disposed to make any objection to a resolution
of inquiry; and if I regarded this as coming prop-
erly within that class of resolutions, I would most
readily consent that it should go to the committee.
From the language of the resolution, ns well as
fiom the remaiks of the Senator who introduced
it, we may understand the object of it. The object
thus understood is, by indirection, to withdraw
from the regular action of the Senate the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Missouri, proposing to
expunge a resolution now upon the Journal of
the Senate. The resolution of the Sertator from
Missoun is now regulaily before the Senate for
consideration,and all tho Senators have full oppor-
tunity to express their opinions upon it. It is
right and proper thafsuch Onoortunity should be
given, and that a decision in the usual course
should be had upon it. 11 is of aaharacter to require
i that it should be sent to a committee to report upon
it. The Senate is already in possession of all thft
íelates to Us proper action upon it. If, however,
it was to be sent to a committee, it ought to be
done by a direct motion to commit it, instead of
attempting, by the introduction of another reso-
lution, using the very term ''expunge," to strike
a side blow at that resolution.
The Senator fiom South Carolina seems dip-
posed to dictate to the officers of this body whether
they should or should not obey the orders of a
majority of the body. The propriety of one
menibci of the Senate assuming to prescribe to
an officer of the Senate, before that officer i<? called
upon to act, what ou<?llt to be Ins course, when
called upon by a majority of the body to do an
act lit obedience to it, must bo left to the judg-
ment of the Senate. It seems to me, to say the
least of it, to be a most extraordinary proceeding.
1 think this resolution should be laid upon the
table; but, as some other Senators may desire to
exnress their opinions upon it, I will not now
make that motion.
Mr. BENTON observed, that in looking over
the Directory he found that tlie Committee on the
Judiciary, like all the other important committees
of that body, was composed of a majority of
those membcis who were in the mijonty in the
Senate when the committees weie chosen. He
fouad that committee to be Mr. Clayton, chair-
man, Messrs. Buchanan, Leigh, Preston, and
Cattenden.
Now everybody knew, if this resolution should
be sent to them, what the renrtrtof thatcommittee
would be. The report would, in fact, bo the
speech of one of thes > gentlemen on the floor; and
the only difference there would be between them
would consist in the one being dignified with the
namoof a report, while the other would be simply-
called a speech. The only object of leferring the
resolution would be to get a report from the com-
mittee adverse to the expunging resolution he had
introduced. He should look upon such a report
in no other light thai the speeches Of members
of the committee made up in the committee-room.
He did not know whether it was perfeetly reg-
ular, according to parliamentary practice, to take
one subject already under the consideration of the
.    •                    ' March 25,
' Senate out of its hands, by sending another im-
mediadly relating to it to one of the committees,
lie vvvs not disposed to muk" any formal motion
upon the subject; but he would observe that ex-
punging seemed to be one pait of the business,
and the right and justice of the condemnation an-
other; anif gentlemen were calli d upon to con-
sider how far the sentence they had pronounced
was consistent with truth and justice, and how
far they could intrench themselves behind tech-
nicalities, to avoid going before the countiy on
the merits of the case. They were awaie (Mi.
B. said) that the country had decided on the
merits of the sentence they had pronounced, and
decided against them. They had better, in his
opinion, meet the subject on its merits, than rely
on their speeches woiked up into the form of a
report m one of the committee-rooms of tlie
Senate.
Mr. CLAYTON was not anxious for the pas-
sage of this resolution; but, in answer to areYnaik
from the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
ton,] that it was easy to tell what kind of a re-
port the Committee on the Judiciary, to whom
the resolution was proposed to be referred, would
make, he could say, for his own part, that, if the
gontleman could tfll, it was more than he him-
self could. The question involved in this reso-
lution was totally distinct and separate fiom the
one that had received the action of the Senate,
and did not necessarily involve the right of ex-
punging. It was to inquire whether any legisla-
tion was necessary for the safe-keeping and pro-
tection of the Journals.    The gentleman   fiom
' Missouri said that the Judicary Committee was
divided as four to one. The division to which
the gentleman alluded was well understood. He
referred, doubtless, to the honorable Senator fiom
1 Pennsylvania, [Mr. BnctiANAM,]asthe dissenting
one.    He did not know what evidence the gen-
1 tleman from Missouri had of the opinion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania 01 the subject.
That gentleman, at the last session, had voted in
favor of stnking out the word "expunge" fiom
the expunging resolution; and if the S 'natorfiom
Missouri [Mr. Bentov] knew that he was pre-
pared to reverse his vote now, it was more than
he (Mr. C.) was aware of. He (Mr. C.) did not
think the Senator from Missouri could point out
where any gentleman on the committee had ex-
pressed himself on the point embiaced in this
resolution, relative to legal enactments.
Mr. CALHOUN observed, that tins' pioposi-
tion, as had been well íemarked by the Senator
from Delaware, was totally dissimilar to the ex-
punging resolution introduced by the Senator
from Missouri. It proposed an examination by
the Committee on the Judiciary into the expe-
diency, not only of protecting the Journals of the
Senate, but of all the other public recoids; and it
was to protect them, not only against the action
of this body, but against that of every other per-
son. As it was, any stranger nvght deface or
obliterate the public records with perfect impu-
nity. It was true that the movement of the
Senator from Missouri was the occasion of lus
offering this resolution; but this was no íeasQii
why the deficiency he had allud.'d to should not
now bi supplied. He wished to call the attention
of the Senate and tlie public to the subject. He
had no idea that this resolution could nirest the
one offered by the Senator from Mis«ouu, which
must come up long before it; Ins obfect was a
genera! one, and applied to all the pub'lic lecoids
as well as the Journals of the S nat". He had
no reference to the resolution of the Senatoi fiom
Missouri in offering his resolution; but at the
same time he must say that he had no idea that
the S nate had the slightest power to mutilate the
Journal, which belonged, not to them, but to the
people of the United States.
Mr. WALKER said that there was at least
one objection to the motion, as it now stood, of
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cvl-
nouN,] which- he thought it proper to state to the
Senate.  That motion asked to be considered, by
, a committee of the Senate, "the expediency of
providing proper measures for the sife-keeping
of the Journals of the two Houses." Now, aie
we notattempting by this motion to assume juns-
diction in relation to a matter ovei which wt have
no constitutional control' The Constitution says:
