292
TJÍE C05ÍGRB^Slt¡)fSLV^ OLOWE.
Mariéh 35,
Mi CONNER (chairman of the cimn i"or>") ,
w ,s,ioli^i .imt I tic -<n'' n m <i "'i \ .
moi t Ind £T<>t half t'm.nHi 'mi k mn ^ tint it
iv „pi utmtion of the m..r>ritv oftlier-om nut c
to present tluir views ti the Hon*- IK did not
ob/eot individually to this onui«e. how- % r much
it murht be out ot order. The impoi Hint sublet
alluded to had occupied much of the time and
attention of the comm ttee. He did not dt sire to
go into a minute detail of the proce. dings of the
committee He would say, how evei, that about
two weeks since the subnet had bem h'd on the
table, and, although he could n it siy ccitamly,
vet he trusteed that the nnjornv would shortly be
able to make a report It had required but one
vote for we< ks and months pist to enible them
to repoit He repeated, that the couise which
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr Hm.l] had
tak< n « is unknown to him until he hid In aid a
part of his remarks that dav. He believed it
was also unknown to the other members of the
committee, with perhips two or three exceptions.
Nothing had been said in the committee about a
report from the minority H> was desirous thtt
something should be done Six of the nine mem-
bers of the committee weie of the opinion that
the Constitution warranted legislation on the sub-
ject, and the only difficulty which had occurred
was as to the details of the bill which should be
reported. The couise of the gentleman from
Vermont was novel and unprecedented in legisla-
tion, so far as his experience went In conclu-
sion, he repeated the hope, that a majority of the
committee would ere long be able to unite upon
some specific measure, and report the same to the
House.
Mr SPEIGHT had accomplished his object.
The course of the gentleman from Vermont was
most unprecedented Ami'ionty, before any final
action 0,1 the part of the conmittee, had stepped
forth with a report, not only in advance of any
report from the majority,but beforeany dccsion
of the committee upon the subjee before it He,
therefore, objected to the reception of this p iper
Mr. BUIGGS, be'ng a member of the com-
mittee, desired to say a fi w words, in order to
remove any false impressions as to the action of
the committee on this subjeet There had been
no collisions,no discord, nothing to interrupt the
good feelings which had existed in the committee
He was proceeding to state particulaily the course
of the committee upon the subject to uluáhiefer-
ence had been made, when
Mr. WILLI AMS, of North Carolina, rose toa
qucsüoi of oider. He desired to know what
was the question before the House '
The CHAIR said that no question could be
debated unless in possession of the IIou: e,and
this document, not having been received, could
not be discussed. The paper, not being in the
chaiactei of a report from a eomimUec, could
only be received by leave of the House.
Mr. BRIGGS asked leave to pioceed in his
remarks, which was objected to.
Mr. HALL moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to submit the paper to which he Lad
refened; which was negatived.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES—\GAIN.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, fiom the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a hill foi the íe-
hefofthe legal representatives of Tiancis Tay-
lor, deceased, which was read twice and commit
ted.
_ Mr. CRANE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of William H. Smith, de-
censed; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. HUNTSMAN, from the Co-im ttee on
Pi i vate Land Claims, reported a bill foi the íehef
of the heirs of William Pollard, winch was road
twice and committed.
_ Mr. JANES, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, leported the following bills,
which were read twice and committed:
A bill granting a pension to Ebenezer Dewey,
A bill granting pensions to Benjamin Parkhurst
and Dimel Havens; and
A bill giaitmg a pension to Jonas Comins.
Mr INGHAM, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following bills, which were
read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Nathan Smith and others,
ind                                                                                  |
A bill foi the relief of Winthrop Sears and
othcib.
Mi. GILLET, hom the Committee on Com-
meict , íepoited a resolution foi printing two
thousand extia copies of the bill to iix the com-
pensation oí custom-house officers.
The motion under the rules lies over one day
Mr. MASON, of Vnginia, irom the Committee
on To reign AiFurs, leportcd a bill for the relief
of Benjamin Hcvitt, which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. BDALE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, leporteda bill for the relief of Joseph
Ruhnd; which was read twice and committed.
Mi. CHAPMAN, fiom the Committee on
Puolic Lends, reported the following bills; which
weie read twice and committed.
A bill for the relief of Joel Chandler; and
A bill to repeal in part, and amend an act ap-
propnating certain relinquished and unappropri-
ated lands granted to the State of Alabama, for
the purpose of improving the navigation of the
Tennessee, Coosa, Cahawba, and Black Wainor
rivers.
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions
were made by Mr. MARTIN,from the Commit-
tee oi the Judiciary, Mr. OWENS, from the
Committee of Ways and Means; Mr. JARVIS,
fiom the Committee on Naval Affairs; Messrs.
CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania, and HUNTS-
MAN, fiom the Committee on Private Land
Claims; Messis. LAY and JANES, from the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions; Messrs.
WHITTLESEY and BANKS, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, Messrs. CRANE and MUH-
LENBERG, fiom the Committee on Revolu-
tionaiy Claims, Mr. MASON, of Virginia, fiom
the C uiinuttee on Foieign Affairs; Mr. BEALE,
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions? and by
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on
Public Linds,"reported, without amendment, the
bill fiom the Senate to authorize the Pensaeola
and Perdido Railroad and Canal Company to open
a road and cut a canal through the public lands
Mr. CHAPMAN moved that the bill be read
a third time
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
to commit the bill to a Comiuutee of the Whole
House.
After a few explanatory remarks by Mr.
CHAPMAN, on motion by
Mr EYNUM, the House proceeded to the
consideiation of the orders of the day.
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House then, pursuant to the resolution
adopted oaj3aturday,thc 19th of March, proceeded
I to the consideration of the special order, being
the report of the Committee of Elections on the
contested cLction  for the twelfth congressional
district of North Carolina.
I     The report of a majority of the committee was
¡ in favor of the petitioner, David Newland, and
concluded by the following resolution:
' Rsrtlred, 'i'nat James Graham u not entitled to a seat m
thi> HouoC, and urn David Newland la entitled to a seat in
this Hou e '
Mr. GRAHAM moved the following amend-
ment thereto:
Strike out ill after t'le word " R"soIved," and msqrt the
folio .v inj
"T i it the deposition-) which have been communicated
totHaHoUse by the Sp-aher, and laid on the table, «incc
tie report o tlie Committee of Elections wa<¡ mado,v*ll«r
cvor Uke i upon due uoucc, shall Uj received by the House
a3 testimony m tin  casej" [ooncudinj with the namesof
the v Hcr3 ]
Mr. G. modified his motion by moving the fore-
going amendment as an addition to the íesolution
of the committee.
Mi. GRAVES was entitled to the floor, but
gave way to,
Mr. HARD, who moved that the report be
committed to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. HARD addressed the House at length in
suppoi t of his motion, and in opposition to the
views of the ma|oiity of the Committee of Elec-
tions. He thought that the motion would be
sustained not only by the minority of the Com-
i mittee of Elections, but by the honorable gentle-
I men who composed the majority of that commit-
tee. His obiect was to have the report of the
Committee ot Elections so amended as to show
on its face the distinctive legal propositions nfhrm-
mg on what the committee came to their d< cisión.
He consideied such a course not only due to the
committee, but to the House, who w< re acting in
the capacity of the highest judicial tribunal known
under the Constitution. They were acting in the
charactei of a judicial body; and, while acting- in
that character, was it not important that the
decisions which they were to make should be on
pi opositions distinctly and clearly set forth ' Mr.
H. here referred to the opinions of Chancellor
Kent in respect to legislative bodies acting on
known principles and laws in the decision of such
cases. As the House was acting in a judicial
capacity, their decision ought to be given with
cleat no¡¡¿s; and he considered the report of the
committee very defective in many of its parts. He
did not make Una motion out of any disrespect to
the majority of the committee, and he called upon
them, as menobers of the committee, to assist him
in presenting it before the House m such a man-
ner as the House, in deciding, might establish
principles of law which would reflect honor on
the House and on the committee. He called on
gentlemen to look at the situation of the report
before them, and they would see ltfe defect . He
said, unfortunately for all, the committee in their
examination had not kept that systematic record
which they ought to have kept, and the House
was kept somewhat in tho dark in consequence
thereof. Mr. H. said he had taken a brief minute
of their proceedings, and would call attention to
a few of the facts. The first decision which the
committee came to was, that all heai say evidence
should be excluded. Now, everyone knew that
that proposition was the best and the only one
that could be adopted in the taking of evidence;
but he had searched the report in vain to discover
that proposition, although all well knew that it
was described before the committee. Now, sup-
pose, at the next session of Congress, a contest
should arise from the same State, and subject to
the same laws, they would look to the present as
a precedent, and they should want to point to the
laws to establish facts—where would they find
them'   They would find hearsay evidesce, but
I no distinctive law .
Another of the decisions of the committee was,
I that where disqualified' voters were discovered
they were to be stricken from thr poll, yet in the
report of the majority no such principle or prop-
osition could be discovered as presented to the
committee, or settled by them.    Another propo-
| sition was submitted and decided, which he had
searched for in vain in the report, which was,
I that no person's vote was to be receivi d who had
voted out of the county in which he íesided
Now, Mi.  H.  contended,  that, if the   House
j adopted thi  report, they would leave nil the
points of law m doubt and uncertainty. He had
heard it said on that floor and elsewhere, by mem-
bers of that body, that the report of the majority
of a committee was piona facie evidence of the
I facts contained in it; and that when such repoit
was made it carried on its face high authority—
such authority as to enable them tevntt and decide.
If the report was. of that high character, was it riot
absolutely necessary thitit should be clearly and
distinctly made out > If the report should mis-
state the state of facts, and if important facte were
| left out, would the House not be led astiay by
the statements contained therein' might they not
be led into errors' Mr. H. here went into an
examination to show that the majority of the
«ommittee in their report had mistaken and mis-
i stated a fact in relation toa protest submitted by
i the sitting member.
I The committee, also, in their report, state,
when the sitting member asked for further time,
that they could find no precedent for granting fur-
ther tame, therefore they refused the application.
Now, Mr. H. haul been so fortunate as to find
some six or eight cases in which further time had
I been granted to take testimony; in some cases
I one month had been allowed, in others two, and
| in others again three months had been allowed.
Such misstatements, he contended, were calcu-
| lated to mislead the House. Another reason wiiy
i it should be amended was, that the committee had
