294
THE QDiWREí^íOlKAk GbQftE.
March gfif
to refer it back to tin- people. What he did m
that re-, he should do in the present—vote to
rtf r ib- k to the p< ople, and kt tlum decide.
Mr' AMTIONY remaiktd, that it had been
cridi nt loi some time, that t'iere was a continued
and laboud atu nipt to make this a party question
by some gentlemen there; and he need only refer
to the vauous motions that had been made from
time to t.me, in pi oof of the fact; but he earnestly
appealed to the House to stt aside party feelings
on this question.
Mi A went into a history of the proceedings
ns detailed in the report of the committee, at some
length, to show that theie was no necessity to
commit or recommit the subject, and entered into
an t'aborate argument in suppoit of the views of
the majoutv-
Mr. PEYTON appealed to the gentleman from
Nt w York to vvi'hdraw his motion, and thus
bung the question on the additional testimony
immediately before the House.
Mr. HARD accordingly withdrew it.
The qucsüo i then recurred on the amendment
of Mr Gevh\m to add the resolution before in-
dicated to admit the additional test mony.
Mr GRAVES moved an adjournment, but
■withdrew it, to enable the Chair to present a
communication from the Secretary of War, in
answer to a resolution of the House of the 21st
ns'ant, transmitting a leport of the Topograph-
ical buieau, containing a survey of the route of a
canal from "Well's river to Burlington. Vermont;
which was rcfentd to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
The House then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 26, 1836.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill fiom the Senate to authorize the Ponsacola
and Perdido Railroad and Canal Company to con-
struct a railroad through the public lands; the
motion pending being that of Mr. Williams, of
North Carolina, to commit the bill to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, said
that,having had some conversation with the gen-
tleman who had reported the bill from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, [Mr. Chapman,] he had
come to the conclusion to withdraw Ins motion
to commit.
The CHAIR then announced the question to
be on (he third reading of the bill.
Mr. PARKER inquired if there was a quorum
in the House.                                                     I1
The CHAIR counted the members; when it
appeared that 117 were within the bar—no
quorum.                                                            (
Mr. PARKER moved a call of the House; ¡
■which was negatived.                                        '
Upon a second count, one hundred and twenty- '
two members, being a quorum, were found to be ¡
in attendance.
The bill above referred to was then read for
information.                                                         Ii
Mr. HARDIN moved to amend the bill by '
striking out one hundred and eighty feet as the
width granted fer the construction of the road,
and inserting eighty feet in lieu thereof. Mr. H.
stated that the amendment which he had proposed
was assented to by the Delegate from Florida,
[Mr. White,] who was not then present.
Mr. CHAPMAN should have ob]ected to the
amendment, as calculated to defeat the objects of
the bill; but as the Delegate from Florida was
understood to acquiesce in the amendment, he
would be disposed to yield his own opinion on
the subject. He repeated, however, that he con-
sidered the amendment as fatal to the objects of
the company.
Mr. MERCER remarked that the charter of
the company required that the road should be only ¡
eighty feet in width. The argument of the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Chapman"] would only
go to show that the company had accepted an im-
practicable charter. The Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company occupied a width of only
twenty feet. It was proposed to give the com-
pany, under the bill before the House, eighty
t£et, which he deemed amply sufficient.
Mr. RIPLEY said, as there were severalsimilar
applications fiom Louisiana for the puvilt-ge of
consuucting íaihoads t'nougli the public lands,
he hoped Mat the prtsent qucstio i 'would not be
decided la a manner to make it an injuaous pre-
cedent. Experience had shown that considerable
more space than the mere width of the railwiys
was necessary, in order to erect depots, «fee. The
committee had reported in favor of granting a
width of two hundred feet to the Carrolton rail-
road in Louisiana. This, he contended, was not
too much. The lands in the vicinity of the Per-
dido were comparatively worthless, and to stickle
about a proposition which looked to the construc-
tion of a great thoioughfarc like the one pro-
posed, was unworthy of Congress.
Mr. R. adveitcd to the enhanced value of the
adjacent public lands, owing to the construction i
of railroads. The lands in the vicinity of the
Atchafalaya railroad were not previously worth
one dollar pel acre. Since the location of the
road, they had risen to fifteen or twenty dollars.
He would not say that there was any jealousy on
t'.ie part of members, but particular scruples
seamed to exist on this subject. He was de-
cidedly opposed to the proposed amendment,
unless the Delegate fiom Flonda preferred thatit
should prevail.                                                   '
Mr. HARDIN remarked that the bill gave to
this company, in the character of an " incorpo-
rated hereditament," a tra-t of country sixty
yards in width, and, peihaps, two or thice hun-
dred miles in length. If there was only one
project of the kind, it might not be an object of
so much importance; but there were numerous
applications for similar grants. In this case the
charter gave a width of eighty feet, when twenty
were enough. The Delegate from'Florida was
content with eighty feet.
Mr. H. desned to see this charter. He wished
to know if it afforded the United States a fair
chance to transmit the mails, munitions of war,
&c. He did not want these to be earned free,
but upon reasonable terms, and without the power
of extoition. This was a charter, not of that
House, but was granted by the Legislative Coun-
cil of Florida. Perhaps not five membeis in the
House had ever seen this charter, and they ought
not to act without knowing whether it sufficiency
guaided the interests of the United States. He
concluded by calling for the yeas and nays on his
motion to amend.
Mr. MERCER was authorized by the Delegate <
from Florida to move the same amendment as the '
one which had been proposed by the gentleman <
from Kentucky.
Mr. RIPLEY was perfectly satisfied, after the
declaration of the gentle-man last up.
Mr HARDIN withdrew the call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr PARKER thought that time had been
wasted in discussing a bill which had never been
before the committee to which it rightly belonged.
He would therefore move, that the bill be com-
mitted to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
There was another bill, on the same subject,
which he should also move be committed to the
same committee.
Mr. CHAPMAN opposed the commitment.
He had not seen the charter of this company,
but presumed it was properly guarded, so far as
the rights of those immediately interested were
concerned. He' entered into a defense of the
system of improvements, by means of raih-oads,
in the South, which he considered had been as-
sailed by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Hardin,] and al o into the propriety of comply-
ing with the applications for right of way through
tie public domain.
Mr. MERCER was opposed to the commit-
ment. He believed the subject should not origin-
ally ha-ve been referred to the Committee on the
Pubhc Lands, but to send it now to a different
one would be a reflection upon the committee
which heretofore had charge of it.
Mr. BOON (chairman of the Committee on
Public Landsl had no pride in reference to the
cognizance of this bill. He feh particular in-
terest in regard to the precedent which might
be made in this case. Mr. B. adverted to the
large appropriations for railroads, and other im-
provements whjeh had been made by the Legis-
lature of Indiana. If the views of the gentleman
fiom Kentucky [Mr. Hírdi\] were to prevail,
it would be tantamount to denying to the new
States the privilege of opening such communica-
tions as were demanded by the commercial opera-
tions and the growing prospenty of that portion
of the country. The committee had, in several
cases, reported bills granting a. width of one bun-
dled and'fifty feet for those tiioroughfues. This,
he contended, was not too much, paiticulaily when
it was recollected that the value of the lands in the
vicinity were greatly enhanced by the improve-
ment.
Mr. GRENNELL said that the bill involved
important interests, and should not be passed in
a hurry, without such information as to enable
them to vote intelligently. He adverted to the
laige grant which was proposed in the bill, as a
reason why they should act understandingly on
the subject. He desired to know fiom the chair-
man of the committee whether the ehaiter of this
company was befoic the committee; and, tf so,
what were its provisions, as it was to foim the
basis of legislation.
Mr. BOON, in reply, said, that the charter was
not before the committee. The bill had, in com-
mittee, been given in charge to the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Chapmaií,] vvhe was best ac-
quainted with the proposition.
Mr. DAVIS moved to commit the bill to the
Committee on Roads and Canals, with instruc-.
tions to provide for the transportition or the
United States mail on the pioposed railroad, by
an amendment not contravening the rights otthe
company.
Mr. RIPLEY felt considerable solicitude on
this subject, representing, as he did, apait of the
countiy where three of these companies had been
incorporated, and had made similar applications
for the privilege of constructing their roads
i through the public lands. Railroads were now
the order of the day in the South. He contended
that two hundred feet in width was not too much
in that section, when it was recollected that the
firoducts transported upon those roads were of a
mlky description.    He again adverted to the en-
hanced  value of the public lands on account of
the opening of railroads, and tlie unprecedented
amount of revenue now derived from that source.
| He apprehended it was believed, by many of the
, members, that a part of these grants would be
| applied toother objects, for the erection of houses,
laying off towns, or other speculating purposes<
This could be easily remedied by an amendment
i prohibiting the use of the lands gianted for any
1 other than public purposes.
!     After a few suggestions by Messrs. PARKER
and DICKERSON, the bill was, on motion by
< Mr. CASEY, committed to the same Committee
i of the Whole to which a similar bill fiom the
Senate had been committed.
i            REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. LAY, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, reported the foHovving bills} which
I were read twice and committed:
'     A bill for the relief of Job Daniel; and
I     A bill for the relief of Daniel Trabue.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval
J Affairs, reported a bill in addition- to an act enti-
tled " An act to regulate the pay of the Navy of the
United States;" which was read, twice and eora-
mitted.
Mr. CARRt from th« Committee oM Private
, Land Claim , reported a bill for the relief of
Stephen Lai anda; which was read tw^e and com-
mitted.
Mr. GILLET, from the «elect committee on
gold coins, reported a bill directing the fabrication
of certain gold coins; which was read twice  ns
further consideration postponed until Monday
week, and ordered to be printed,
Mr. CARTER, on leave, presented cerMun'
testimony in a case pending before a oomwuUee
of the House; which was referred.
On motion by Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD, the
House proceeded to the consideration of the order 
of the day, the contested election for North Car-
olina.                                                  /         i
NORTH CAROLINA.CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House then, pursuant to the resolution
adopted «a Saturday,-the 19th of March, pro-
