lat&mf/
THRí WNORESaONAfc /cafxxnu
29flL
ceeded to the consideration oí tie special order,
being the report of the Committee of Elections
on tue contested election for the twelfth congres-
sional district of North Carolina,
The report of a majority of the committee was
in favor of the petitioner, David Newland, and
concluded by the following resolution:
'• R«sj'p«¿, That Jamej GrMram is not entttred to a seat
in tlii) House, and that David Newland is entitled to a
Beat ia tliia House."
Mr. GRAHAM moved the following amend-
ment thereto:
Strike out all after the word '• Resolved," and insert the
follow nig;
'■ That, the depositions which have been communicated
to the Hou'e by the Sp;aker, and laid on trie tabic, smce
the report of the Committee of Elections wife made, wher-
ever taken upon due notice, slmll be received by the House
as testimony in this case," [concluding with the names of
the voters.]
Mr. G. having modified his motion by moving
the foregoing amendment as an addition to the
resolution of the committee, and
Mr. HARD having withdrawn his motion to
commit the two reports, and the additional testi-
mony to a Committee of the Whole House,
Mr. GRAVES, who was entitled to. the floor,
gave way to
Mr. RENCHER, who said he had a series of
resolutions to propose as ah amendment to the
resolution of the committee, which would bring
the whole subject substantially and in detail be-
fore the House; and he asked his colleague [Mr.
Graham] to withdraw his amendment, as the
propositions he (Mr. R.) intended to submit
would embrace it.
Mr. GRAHAM accordingly withdrew his
amendment: and
Mr. RENCHER submitted the following:
1.  Resolved, That the depositions which have been com-
municated to the Hou-e by the Speaker, and laid on the
table since the report of the Committee of Elections was
made, whenever taken upon due notice, Will lie received
by (be Hou. e as testimony in Uus ease.
2.  Knotted, That the five votes taken from the commons' ,
box at the Franklin precinct in Buncombe county, and
counted for the petitioner, ou ht not to fce counted.
3.  Retolttt,- That the tlnee vote  winch «rere atnekén
from the petitioner's roll by the judges at Asbevule, in Bun-
combe county, because it appeared by the return of the
judges from the Henderson precinct, that those of the votes
given tlie petitioner were given by voters Uving in Ytncey
county, and whicb have now been added to his poll by the
committee, ought not to be allowed.
4.  Resolved, That two votes, (to wit: Robert Lankford
and Geor?e Barkley,) stricken from the roll of the sitting
member by the committee, on the «round that they voted
opt of their proper county, outfit to be restored, because
there w no piooi' that they Uvea out of the county in winch
they voted.
3. Raolvei, That f#o votes, (ta wit: Mbsé* Pace and
Andrew Morrison,) which were proven by parol testimony
to have been giren for James Graham, out of the county
in which they reside, and on that account have been stricken
from his poll by the committee, oughtto be restored, because
it does not appear from the poll books themselves that either
of these men voted at the election.
6.  Resolved That William U. Milton oughtto be stricken
from the poll of the petitioner, because it appears that lie
had not paid a public tar.
7.  Resoluta, That the five vote* (bund on page six of the
report, which have been counted for the petitioner, but
which were not given in ¡>t the palls, ought not to be
counted.
8.  Remfred, That there is no evidence that these men
were qualified to vote, not having Hved in the county
when* they offered to vote twelve months immediately
preceding the day of election, as required by the constitu-
tion of North Carolina, or that they tendered their Votes as
required by the law of that State.
9.  Rartvtt, therefore, That ——•—— Is entitled tr> a
seat upon this floor as a Representative from the twelfth
congressional district of North Carolina.
Mr. RENCHER did not submit these resolu-
tions for the purpose of making a speech thereon,
but simply for the purpose of bringing the subject
before the House in such a manner, as they might
vote on each separate preposition. He, there-
fore asked a division of the question so as to take
the sense of the House on each of the resolutions;
and by the time they came to the ninth resolution
it would be decided who was entitled to tlie seat.
He hoped that the. House would take each prop-
osition by yeaa and nays, so that the country
might know the opinion of the House on each of
the propositions submitted.
'. Mr. BYNUM hoped the House would not re-
ceive an individual one of the propositions sub-
mitted by his colleague, [Mr.,REííCHER.] Jf the
House had any regard for,its own dignity or the
interests of the country, it would not consent to
receive those propositions.    If gentlemen look
but one moment, they would perceive that the
case presented a striking similitude to one of
the most extraordinary cases ever before the
House: he meant the case of Moore and Letcher.
It was within the recollection of the members of
that House what were the consequences of de-
parting from the known rules of parliamentary
precedents. He asked what committees were
formed for, if not to examine subjects of that, kind
in detail, and after examining the various details,
to come to one general result, to report the facts
to the House, and then.call upon the House to
sanction or reject their report ? He asked if the
House would attempt to deviate from that rule ?
If they did they would Hud-it perfectly impracti-
cable to get through with the subject. If the
House had commenced examining the subject in
detail, lie ventured to ptedict that two thirds of
the session would have been consumed in the
consideration of that one single subject. If those
propositions were to be kept before the House,
and each one in the House was to consume as
much time in arguments thereon as had already
been consumed in cemmittee, they would not
adjourn before the meeting of tlie next Congress.
Every one must recolleat the immense time con-
sumed in the committee, where there were only
nine menabers to raise arguments; and if th  sub-
ject was. to-be examined in detail in the House,
where there wer« two hundred and forty, he naked
what the consequence would be ? Much had been
said about responsibility in tlie House, and he
now called on gentlemen to come up to me«>t the
responsibility. He hoped the House wouH not
attempt to sanction a proposition with a view «f
merely calling off attention from the main ques-
tion.
The CHAIR said it was not in order to impugn
the motives of the gentleman who submitted the
motion.
Mr.. BYNUM said he merely spoke of the
proposition, without reference to the motives of
the gentleman.
Mr. RENCHER inquired if his motion to
amend was out of order?
The CHAIR said it was not out of1 order.
Mr. BYNUM resumed. He knew the gentle-
man liad a precedent for his motion, but that
precedent had met the universal disapprobation
of every impartial member of that House. The
House had set the precedent which it was pro-
posed they should follow, by attempting to exam-
ine in detail the Moore and Letcher caso, and after
taking the yeas and nays some half a dozen or a
dozen iimes, they found themselvesinvoKcd in an
inextricable difficulty, and their proceedings a
perfect medley of inconsistency. What was the
result? In order to get clear of the whole sub-
ject, they agreed to ward off the responsibility,
and refer the subject back to the people of Ken-
tucky. He hoped this would not be the case on
the present occasion. He hoped the House would
decide,as a body of its character ought to decide,
upon the validity or invalidity of these reports.
If the majority in their report had drawn wrong
conclusions, let the minority show that the ma-
jority's report was erroneous, and thc_ Hou/se
would have independence enough to decide that
it was erroneous; but he hoped the House would
not go back, and re'raccthc grounds the commit-
tee had just passed over. He said he was pre-
pared to show some of the most cxtraordinxry
inconsistencies of tlie.minority of -the committee
ever committed by any set of men; then, if they
intended to act, let them compare the reports, and
judge of them, and if the report of the majority
could be substantiated, then they could strike out
the majority's report. He anticipated a motion
to draw them off from the general conclusion, and
render action on the reports nugatory. Such a
course mififnt be adopted when the House thought
the committee liad done wrong; but he hoped the
House would not sanction this proceeding in this
instance, Mr. B. inquired if the question could
be further divided ?                                                 .
The CHAiRsaid the motion to strike out and'
insert was indivisible.
Mr, HARDIN said, thegentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. BínümÍ seeuW to be apprehen-
sive that the dignity of the,House would be com-
promised by adopting the propositions then before
them. Now, there saemed to be Uve votes vihi$k.
th . committee- hod given to the petitioner, not
because these persons did actually vote for him,
but because they intended to vote for him, and
were refused the privilege by the judges of the
election. Would the dignity of tlie House be
comproramed by considering a proposition to
i strike them off? He thought,not. Again, at ono
I of the election precincts, it appeared there were
five votes received for the petitioner, which were
[ not on the poll-book at all. i There were only one
hundred and forty-five votes polled, yet there
were counted one hundred and fifty, in conse-
quence of there being five votes in the commons'
box fur  he pemioiiei. * htse votes were admitted
by the committee. But, he contended, if such
votes were to be reeeived, then almost every man
might vote twice. Another was, that the eom
mittee had set out with the intention of receiving
no hearsay testimony; yet some of their most
material facts were decided upon hearsay evi-
dence j. and iy was necessary for the House to
have some such propositions as those then before
them, to come to a correct conclusion-. They had
the riptht to make such propositions, and they
would claim the right to have a vote of the House
upon them unless cutoff by the previous ques-
tion;,and they were all equally mindful of the
honor and dignity of the House and the nation.
Mr. H. referred to the caRe.of the Moore and -
Letchercontested election of last year, stating that
somp gentlemen had voted inconsistently.
Mr. H AWES rose to a point of order. He did
not consider the gentleman in ordjr in alluding to
votos of gentleman on a former occasion, and he
took down and sent to the Chair the words of the
gentbmin.
Tlw>,QHAIR decided that the gentleman had a
rigiit to refer to the case of Moore and Letcher,
if by so doing he intended to apply it to the
present case.
Mr. HARDIN was glad to hear that he was
not out of order. He was merely replying to the
remarks of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Air. Bvnüm.] Mr.. H. then went on to state
several instances in the Moore and Letcher case,
in which the committee had stricken out votea
given for Mr. Letcher, but the House afterwards
inserted tüoiii; after which it was found that Mr.
Letcher was ahead. After this, Mr. H. said,
somo gentlemen who were on that committee
\oted that they could not decide which of the
gentlemqn were entitled to the seat.
The CHAIR said if it was the gentleman's
purpose to anply the former to the present case,
it would be in order, but that it would not be in
order to rujxam'-io the case of Moore and Letcher.
Mr. H.VRDIN resumed. It did seem to hina
that it was utterly impossible to decide the pres-
ent case in any way unless in the manner pro-
posed. Some of the propositions he would vote
for, and perhaps some of them he could not vote
for. It appeared that there were several grave
legal questions settled bv the committee, and it
waa necess.uy that die House should examine
them, and see if they were correctly settled;.be-
sides, he did not want any evidence taken, except
such as w.is of tlie most positiva character.
Mr. MERCER said they were then sitting, as
a court of justice, for the purpose of deciding an
important cause—a cause in which, not only the
rights of the people of North Carolina, but the
rights and dignity of thp people of the United
States, were involved. He considered the prop 
osittons.beforo the House as tlie best that could
be adopted. He did not consider that they could
arrive at just conclusions in any other way than,
by considering and deciding upon independent
propositions. He alluded to the Virginia Legis-
lature , in which similar propositions were brought
forward in similar casesfand títere they never
had any difficulty in coming to just conclusion*,
and in coming to them speedily. He wished for
the present to nave distinctpropositions laid down
and settled, that in after times some correet prin-
ciples might be left to be referred to by those who
might succeed them.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, would be
glad if the House should take the course indicated
by the resolutions then before them. He wished
to have an opportunity of voting on thoee propoei-
tioa? separably; on some of them he might vote
for tije p^tiouw, but on otiteralie eould not$ and 
