mi
ram KjmaKEmmm mjonw
Marcfetft,-
tberefore, he desired to have the opportunity< of
votin*- on them separately. He was astonished
that niiy gentleman should object to the first res-
olution, for it appeared to him that they ought to
receive all the evidence legally taken. He com-
pared the report of the committee to the report
of a commissioner in chancery, and argued that
the better manner would have been to refer it back
to the committee; It was not the parties there
which were concerned, but the people of the
twelfth congressional district of North Carolina
who were interested, and oft these grounds he
argued that, no matter how great the laches of
the sitting member might have been, yet they
ou<?ht to grant further time. But the sitting mem-
ber hud shown that he had written to some of his
agents, in which he was disappointed in getting
their services, therefore he would receive the in-
dulgence of any righteous judge upon earth. But
the application was, that the testimony now on
your tables bo received', so that every man might
make up his mind understandingly and justly.
This he considered a most just and reasonable
proposition. Theeorrttnittee, nodoubt, had done
thcirduty with all the information in their power,
bnt here was new testimony which had come in
since the report had been made, and he wanted
all the evidence which could be procured. The
evidence might make him decide in favor of the
petitioner, or it might make him decide in favor
of the sitting member. However that might be,
he wanted to receive it. He also wanted to vote
separately on the five votes spoken of; and if the
final result was to be effected by those five votes,
he should be in favor of sending the election back
to the people.
Mr. ¡VIciíÁV was glad these distinct proposi-
tions had been presented, for he supposed he
might infer that they presented the points upon
which the sitting member's case relied. Mr.
McK. referred to a brief of the testimony distrib-
uted by the sitting member, and to various deposi-
tions in the report of the committee, into a minute
examination of which he went, and produced the
original poll-book, or scroll, of Buncombe county.
It appeared that the latter was imperfect, and that
persons had voted whose names were not now
found on it. The returns showed that Graham
received one hundred and twenty at Flat Rock;
Ncwland, ninety-five; whereas the poll-book con-
tained only two hundred and fourteen names.
He also pointed out some other discrepancies or
hiatus therein.
. Air. RENCHER asked if that was the original
poll-book, or o mere copy ?
■ Sir. McKA Y replied that he understood it was
the original.
Mr. RENCHER thought they were the sheriffs
copies.
Mr. GRAHAM remarked that thev had pro-
tested against the admissibility of those poll-
books,                                                                   i
Mr. McKAY replied that they were the ori- '
ginal records, taken out of the clerk's office.    He ¡
remarked that these records were not of the value
or authenticity some gentlemen seemed to think,
for they were never preserved by the clerk.   Mr. I
M*K. then proceeded into a minute examination
of several cases embraced in the report, and the !
depositions relating to Moses Pace, Samuel Black-
well, Thomas Dofton, Robert Lankford, George
Barklay, Andrew  Morrison, and William H.
Rtinioii.
Mr. WISE, having examined the poll of Flat
Rock, interposed, and remarked there was a still
more material variation which the gentleman had
overlooked. It stated that Graham had received
one hundred and twenty votes, and Ncwland
ninety-five; making two hundred and fifteen; but
tHe sum tota! at the end, stated the number of
vote's to be two hundred and fourteen, being one
less than the number returned. ButthisWas not
all: Mr. W. had counted over the names, and
found there were only one hundred and fourteen;
tire ri umbers-opposite the names were correct up
to fifty-six; but the next number began with one
lfrmdred and fifty-¿even, and so ran on, making
the return one hundred of one hundred and one
rftdre than it should have been.
' Mv. McK A y proceeded: That made no differ-
einfce in the result. He agreed with one of the
pTOpWirrorW -of his''colleague,   [Mr. RtKCHER,]
and that was, that the ftv  votes found in the
commons box, having the name of David New-
land on them, which were taken therefrom,placed
in the congressional box, and counted for New-
land, should be stricken off the petitioner's poll.
He had no doubt the judges had done it inno-
cently and conscientiously, but they had done
wrong, and wore not authorized to do «o by the
constitution and laws of North Carolina.
He also concurred with his colleague, that the
constitution required a residence' in the county
twelve months preceding the «¡ay of election.
He agreed, in aum, with his colleague, [Mr.
Renchek,] that the above-named five votes
should be stricken from the petitioner's poll;
also, the three votes fdr Newland in Yancy coun-
ty, stricken off by the judges at Ashville; and
that a twelve months' residence in the county
was indispensable. Mr. McK. then entered into
a detailed reference to the depositions, applying
the principles of the foregoing propositions of i
Mr. Rencher, which brought out a majority for
the petitioner, testing it by one rule of four and
by another of two votes. If, however, the sub-
sequent testimony should be held admissible by
the House, the sitting member would then have
a majority and be entitled to the seat.
Mr. HAMER remarked that gentlemen had
expressed their surprise at the course taken there
by others, but Mr. H. was equally surprised at
some remarks that had fallen from gentlemen
themselves. One gentleman had said he did not
consider himself qualifipd todecide this question.
He believed he was not misrepresenting the gen-
tleman, and he found it so reported in one of the
morning papers, [the (jlobt.. i
Mr. WISE. What I said, was this: I do not
consider myself " fit " to decide this question,
nor do I consider the gentleman from Ohio " fit"
to decide it.
Mr. HAMER, then, aiu not misunderstand
the gentleman. A great deal (remarked Mr. II.)
had been said about party, and party considera-
tions. He would ask any gentleman to look over
the lists of yeas and nays already taken in this
1 case, and in the case of Moore and Letcher, or
any other case of a contested election in high
' par'"- times, and he would appeal to his candor
to say whether party considerations were to be
found on one side alone? It would, however, be
sufficient to turn to the yeas and nayson the prop-
| osition to fix Thursday last for the time of going
into tiie consideration of this snbject. If gentle-
men wotild talk about j<urty, it would be seen
which side it was who voted to a man on party
considerations, and which it was that crossed the
line. He himself held, that party considerations
ought not to weigh in a case like this; and they
all agreed in this, though there were parties in
this country, as well as in others, who professed
one thing and practiced another. Why should
they be so repeatedly told by gentlemen on one
side that party considerations were to govern
them, while it was s>aid in the same breath that
both gentlemen were on one side, and in favor of
the same candidate for the Presidency ?
Mr. WISE explained. He had spoken cau-
tiously and guardedly. He had understood that,
in their canvass before the people, both gentlemen
had avowed the same principles, but he knew not
what might have been the effect of the magician's
wand since then.
Mr. HAMER knew only from what he had
heard, that he himself stood in the political re-
lation to both parties, they being both politically
opposed to Mr. H. He had, then, no party in-
fluence to govern hrm, and he could not conceive
' why party considerations should govern any one
, in deciding this question.
| To recur to the history of this question since
it had come from the committee: altogether it
had been before the House nearly four months,
and from the committee since some time in Feb-
ruary; and they had already been one or two
weeks engaged in the discussion of .prelimin-
ary points. NoAv, let him ask, had they decided
a single question, or progressed one step? They
had not. He held this to be a question that ought
to be decided before any other, being one of the
most grave and weighty that could come up for
consideration^ Suppose an important measure
were to be decided by the vote of die gentleman
fuom North Carolihanow in his seat,and the de-
cision the next day should be against him; that
law would go into force without having the sanc-
tion of the majority of the popular branch of
Congress. This he mentioned as a case that might
happen; and it certainly showed the importance
of as speedy a decision upon questions bearing
upon the organizationorthevitalityof their body
as possible, or as was consistent with a due ex-
amination of the testimony adduced.
Mr. RENCHER raised a question of order, on
the ground of the irrelevancy of the gentleman's
course of remarks on the propositions then pend-
ing.
The CHAIR said it was impossible for him to
see in what manner the gentleman intended to
illustrate the subject; but the whole merits of the
case being open, he conceived the gentleman to be
strictly in order.
Mr. HAMER proceeded. He was replying to
what had been thrown out by gentlemen who had
preceded him. Mr. H. then entered upon a re-
view of the resolutions of Mr. Rencher, which
were said to be intended to show on what prin-
ciple the House should come to its decisions.
This he showed to be impossible, from their vague
and indefinite character; and even what they did
exoress were mere truisms.
Mr. H. then proceeded to examine the addi-
tional testimony presented on the part of the sitting
member, which he argued to be inadmissible in
any court of law in' the country, not only for
want cf due form, but from being purely ex parte.
Itsrcception would militate against every principle
of law established and recognized throughout the
country.
Mr. WISE here rosego a point of order, on the
ground that any argument on the subsequent de-
Íiositions was irrelevant to the point before the
iouse at that time.
The CHAIR was of opinion that the gentleman
was in order, inasmuch as one of the propositions
then before the House referred to the reception of
this very testimony.
Mr. HAMER proceeded to show the ex parte
character of the testimony in question. This was
the very ground assumed by the sitting member
in his protest, (p. 21, 22,) and by the minority
of the committee, (p. 18.) in objecting to a portion
of the petitioner's testimony. In one place the
sitting member setforth the Hardship of his being
compelled, by a moral obligation, to be here at
the commencement'of the session, and objected
to any testimony taken after he Set out; and yet,
after thia, he applied for time to take further tes-
timony, which must necessarily have been in hia
absence, and taken under the very circumstances
against which he had previously protested. Now,
the petitioner had a right to be governed by the
same moral obligation to come here, believing
himself to be the true representative of the peouio
of the twelfth congressional district, as the sitting
r.-.omber. The testimony then subsequently taken
was purely of an ex parte character, and ought not
to be received. He mentioned another circum-
stance. It was well known that, in aU ordinary
cases of taking testimony, aday's journey vnried--
from twenty to thirty miles; while the sitting
member had served notices on the petitioner to
take testimony, five hundred and fifty miles dis-
tant, in eleven day  from time of serving of the
notice, and this in the very d«p«h of winter. Bat
the petitioner was not bound to regard the notices
at all; for Mr. H. Held that, from the moment
the proceedings commenced in the Committee of
Elections, that moment the trial commenced, and
the subsequent acts-of the committee were a pro-
gression of the trial. He adverted to the fact of
no application for further time having been heard
from the sitting member, until he knew the ret ort
was made, and made unfavorable to him. Mr.
H. was willing and desirous to have all the light
that was possible; but let it come from all sides,
and let each party be placed on an equal footing.
The sitting member came away from North Car-
olina, refusing to attend further to his own case,
and then objected to alf testimony taken in his
absence, though' he now wishetf to bring in tes-
timony taken, not1 only during the petitioner's
absence, but taken at a time when the petitioner
could not possibly have been present. Surely
tnat wap"tiot a correct principle.    He was for
