18S6J   <;!/
THK>XX>NttRB$SWNíVL CrXOBEl
W®
T<Ul\, audi anything, how raueh. and whether tfce ssmtu
asceruine 1 to b • <lu ■, mijat t > b- paid by the United Stales i
orlu tb   <- íoctiu lndi-in--out o' Ih irannuity                     ,
Mr.. SOUTHARD submitted the following res-
olutiou; which lies on the table one day:
¡Ustlrti That t'ic Fo-tm  <w r General be directed to re-
port to fii Mnatt , wneihtr the i au^e of the discrepanc}
oi «40 470 91 s-titfd in np rt* ol the accountants to the
eivnmittef of ti <(in|p d iti d 11 Mirch, 1835, as then ex-
isting in the acct mil-* ot the Treasurer ot the General Post
Office, lnw been discovered, and the said accounts finally
adjusted, and it ^o, turther to report the cauae of said dis-
capinc\, and v\ ho \\ i^ the occasion thereof, and whether
the balante, if am, has been pud
BILLS PASSED.
The Ml to authorize the Leavenworth and
Rlooro.ngton, and other railroad companies, to
locate their road through the public lands, was
read the third time and passed.
The bill extending; the time for issuing scrip ,
for the satisfaction of military bounty land war-
rants, was also read the tluru time and passed.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT OF WISCONSIN.
On motion by Mr. CLAYTOÍÍ, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill to establish
the territorial government of Wisconsin, as in
Committee of the Whole, when
Mr. C. submitted as an amendment, a substi-
tute for the whole bill; and after a brief explana-
tion from Mr. C. the amendment was accepted,
and the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading-
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.                     ,
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the joint resolution, submitted by Mr. King, of •
Alabama, assigning the 30th of May next as the
end of the present session of Congress.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to amend the res-
olution, by making the day of adjournment the
20th instead of the 30th of May.
Mr. BENTON could not consent to adjourn, i
and leave nearly the whole business of the ses-
sion undisposed of. Experience would enable
every gentleman to know that in the vast amount
of business before them, there were particular
subjects which alone would occupy a whole
month. Except those seven bills mentioned by
him the other day, they might say they had I
been here about four months without doing any I
business. There was not a dollar yet appropri- i
ated for fortifications. He read an extract from
a newspaper published in Pennsylvania, to show
how the people were deluded by the delay of |
these appropriations; from which it appeared by
«calculation in relation to the distribution of the
surplus funds, that it was expected the propor-
tion of that State would be upwards of two mil-
lions of dollars. This great accumulation of
public moneys was on the same punciple as wa-
ter dammed up1, ui which case there wou'd be
more water above than below. Mr. B. enumer-
ated some of the most important subject* that
were to be acted on, some of which would take
up half, and one or two the. whole of the time
allowed by the resolution. There was upwards |
of twenty millions to fortifications, &c, that
ought alone to have been appropriated before this,
time; and on another subject there was five and
three quarter millions, which, if the Senate car-
ried out their pledge, must be appropriated,
making a total of about twenty-seven millions;
and *ere they to go on fixing an arbitrary day
within which they could not possibly do the busi- i
ness > They were sent here to do the public busi-
ness, and it was their -duty to do it. They were
not sent here to adjourn «hen they got tired, but
to dispose of the businesseatrusted to them. Ha
would join hands with gcitlemen for as early an
adjournment as possible, and would pledge him-
self to go to work as industriously as any one to
effect it. But he was sot willing himself, and as
the friends of the Administration were now in the
majority, he hoped they would not consent to
adjourn and leave the business undone. He
wished to go on and work industriously at the
business  and as soon as they got dose with ¡
it to adjourn,                                                           |
Mr. CLAYTON was gl«d to hear that the
Senator from Missouri was so anxious to go to
work on  the public business.   The gentleman |
said i that the appropriation bills ought to have ,
boajt pfttwd before this; but who was to blanvj'
for the delay of those bills  Sir, (said Mr. C.,)
no member of this bodv has retarded the appro-
priation bills more tlian the Senator himself. The
debate on his fortification resolution, and on his
expunging resolution, had almost expunged every-
thing else in the Senate. There was no way that
he knew of, of getting at the appropriation bills.
He was agreed to lay the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Alabama, for the present, on the table;
for he did not believe that they could consistently,
with a due regard to the public service, fix on the
day of adjournment at this stage of the session.
He snnpnsed that this expungins- resolution must
have lis full share of debate; and he thought they
had bftter go on,and debate it; and, when they
had.done, proceed earnestly with the dispatch of
the pnbrrc business.
Mr. CLAYTON then moved to lay the resolu-
tion on the table, but withdrew the motion at the
request of Mr. Mamgum.
Mr. MANGUM hoped the resolution would
not be laid on the table. He thought their former
experience put it beyond all question, that the
subject introduced by the Senator from Missouri
would occupy them until next Christmas day, if
gentlemen indulged themselves in long speeches,
instead of attending to the public business. Com-
plaints had been made, that at this late period of
the session, the appropriation bills liad not been
acted on. But he would ask why this wai so'
The appropriation bills had not been brought
there; and tl*e responsibility was neither on that
body, nor with those with whont bj  acted. What
had delajted the public business ' First, the res-
olution of the Senator from Missouri, rtsolvuig
that the surplus revenue should be appropriated
to the defense of the country. T'.~ i j. re resolv-
ing this proposition did not expedite the public
business ¡and it would have been much better to
bripg in a bill that could have been acted on at
once. He thought, that by fixing the day of ad-
journment, they would expedite the business of
the Senate, He was much gratified at the quarter
from which this resolution for adjournment came.
He looked upon it as an Administration measure,
and as an evidence that they were disposed to
proceed earnestly to dispatch of business, instead
of wasting time in long wire-drawn debates, that
were only calculated to drill political parties.
Let us (said he) by fixing the day of adjournment,
bring back the practice of Congress to those good
old times, when the sessions were shorter, and
more business was done in them.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, had fixed upon the
time without consulting the Adinimstiationorany
other party. If the Senate had occupied a great
deal of time in debate, he would ask whether the
honorable Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Makgiim] had not had his full share of it; He
wanted to fix an early day, and then adapt their
work \f> it; and m so doing he cared not where
the responsibility rested. He would íepeat what
he had before observed, that when an early day
was fixed on,speeches were shorter, and business
was done as well, and with greater dispatch. He
had fixed on tbe 30th as the earliest period within
which he had thought they could get through with
the business, and was lather surprised that any
Senator should fix an earlier day. Had Senator*,
in doing so, any political object in view ? He was
not certain that they could get through the busi-
ness by that time, (the 30th,) but he could see no
reason why it should not pass the Senate; and if,
when it came to receive the aption of the House,
it was ascertained that it was impossible to get
through the business by that time, the period of
adjournment could then be fixed at a more distant
day. He thought they ought to go on and get
through with the business without regard to party
considerations. They owed it to themselves and
to the country, to dispatch the business res soon
as possible, and adjourn.
Mr. MANGUM referred to the Journals of last
session to «how that, on me last day of January,
they had passed only sixteen bills-, and, Although
it was the short session, t lie y passed one hundred
and forty bills before the adjournment, Their
whole experience showed that business could be
done mi less time than it usually was el one.
Mr, CLAYTON than,renewed his motion; and
the question was taken, and decided as follows:
VEAS—Mutsrt.  Banto*, Cathoun, Clayton, Grundy,
Kent, Moms, Rives, RoM>bh, BaggkM, tffWthanl, and Tnl(-
madae—11
NAYS—Messrs Black, Buchannn, Oay, Crittenden,
Cutlibert, Davis, Ewing ot Ohio, Evvmg of Illinois, Hen-
drick-, Hill. Hubbird, King of Alnbama, Kins of Georgia,
Knight, MLlvean,Manüum,Moore,Nitholas, Niles, Porter,
Prentiss, Pie ton Robinson, Shcplev, Swift, Tomhnson,
Wilker, Wall, White, and Wriglit—30
The question was then taken on Mr. CmT-
TENDrv's motion, and decided ííl the negativo
—yeas 21, nays 21—the Chair voting in the nega-
tive:
\EAS—Messrs. Bl-vek, Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, Ew-
ing of Illinois, Hill, Hubbard, Kmg ol Georgia, Kmgut,
Leigh, McKean, Mangum. Moore, Morris. Nicholas Poiter,
Preimos, Preston, Kives, Ito'mifou, aiul Southard—21.
NAYS—Messr  Benton, Buclrman, Clayton, Cutlibert,
Davis, En ingot Ohio, Grand}, Hendricks, Kent, kingor
Alabama, Niles, Robbing, Ruteles, Sliepley, flivnt, Tall-
1 madge, 1 onihnson, W alter, Wall, White, and Wright—21.
Mr. CLAY then moved to amend the resolution
by making the 23d of May the day of adjourn-
ment; which motion prevailed—yeas 28, nays 14;
as follows:
YE <VS—Mcs«rs Black, Calhoun, Ctey, Clayton,Critten-
den, D-nis, Ewin  of Ohio, Ewing of Illinois, Hill, Hnb-
bard. Km? of Georgia, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Mansum,
Mooh , Morns Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives,
Itobmson, Southard, S*jft, Tomhnson, Walker, and Wall
—23
N\Ytí—Messrs Denton, Buchanan, Cnthbeit, Grwidv,
Hendricks, Kent, Kini of Alabama, Nil s. Robbing, Rug-
gles, Sucpley, Tallmadge, While, and Wright—14
The lesolution, as amended, was then adopted
—yeas 34, nays 8, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Dláck, Buchanari, Calhoun, Clay, Crit-
tenden, Cutl'b rt, D iu^, Eivmgof Ohio, Ewing ofllhnois.
Hill Hubbard Km? of Alabama, King of Georgia, Knurht,
Linn, Leigh, McKean, Maugum.Moore,Morris, Nicholas,
Nile , Porter, Prentiss, Preston Rives, Itobinson, Shcpley,
Southard, Swift, Tomhnson, Walker, Wall, and Wright—
34
N \Y8—Messrs Benton, Cla}to«, prund}, Hendricks,
Robbin-., Ruggles, Tallin-dge, and While—8.
EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
The resolution submitted by Mr Bevton to
expunge a certain resolution fiom the Journal of
tne Senate, was taken up, when
Mr. RIVES addressed the Senate nt length in
support of the íesokition, after which,
Mr. LEIGH expressed his desire to address
the Senate on the subject, and in ordei'that he
might have time to examine the precedents cited
by Mr Rives, moved'to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until Monday next;
which motion was agreed to.
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives and suieties of James Brobson, deceased;
and
The bill to authorize the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to compiomise the claims of the United
Sutes against the Alleghany Bank of Pennsyl-
vania, were severally read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Wh ole, and
ordered to a third reading.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS----SPECIE
PAYMENTS.
The Senate to«k up the bill making appropria-
tions for thp payment of the revolutionary pen-
sioners of the United States for the year 1836;
and
Mr. BENTON moved to amend the bill by
' adding the following-as an additional section:
Se< —. And be ttfarther enacted, Thit no bank-note of
less denouunution than twenty doHars shall hereafter b*
offered n  pajmentm anyca°e whatsoever in which sioney
is to be paid by the United S ntes or the Post Office Depart-
ment, nor shall any bank note of any other denomination
be so offt red, unless the santa shall be payable and paid on
demand, in gold or silver com. at the place wbsre issued,
and which shall not be equivalent to specie at the place
where offered, and convertible into gold or silver upon the
spot, at the will of the bolder, and without delay or loss to
linn.         'i                      >
On this motion a deb ite ensued, in which Messrs.
I BENTON, CLAYTON, NtLES, WRIGHT,
, TALLMADGE, BUCHANAN, and DAVIS,
took part; but wit ho at taking any question.
The Seriate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Monday, March 28, 1836.
Mr. STOftER asked the unanimous consent
of the House to permit him to offer ttorfellowui£
resolution:
ftcsefeerlj That the select eomrou-lec oil aWinlrs be in-
structed to myuM into ÜW « t*rti«nny <* «* «""'"""I  *
