Mt
Tíffi €ONG E^GNAI/ GLOWS
March. «8,1
«awftngmíe  of this HWi*, tftat.k*  *1'*  f^M"
Saturday shall expire at twelve o clock at night, and mat I
SSSoftoXh ■*■« bedovotedtothcbu-.no s of
the C,unit- in ca«e of nrient pubic nece^ity, to be
prev'ou'lj determined by a majority ol tire House.
Objection being made, Mr. STORER moved to
suspend the rules; and called for the yeas and
nays on the subject; which were ordered, and
were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Heman Allen, Bailey, Banks,
Bond Bn^s, Buchanin, Bunch, John Calhoun, Willnm
«. cklhoon', Carter, Gjorge Chambers, Clark, Corwin,
Crane, Onihing, Darlington, Dcberry, Denny, Evans, Ev-
erett, Piulo C. Fuller, Gjlbraith, Rice Garland, Granger,
Graison, Grennell, Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, Harper,
Hazeltine, Henderson, Heister, Hoar, Howell, Huntsman,
Insersoll, Ingham, Janes, Lawler, Lawrence, Lay, Luke
Lea, Lincoln, Love, Sampson Mason, Maury, Mercer,
Morri*, Pettigrew, Pinckney, Reed, Robertson, Russell,
Avustine H. Shepperd, Spangler, Standefer, Storer, Talia-
ferro, John Thomson, Vinton, WardweU, Wlirttlesey, and
Lewis Williams—64.
NA¥S— Messrs. Chilton Allan, Anthony, Ash, Barton,
Bean, Beardsley, Boon, Cambreleng, Campbell, Carr,
Casey, Chaney, Chapm ,<'levcland, Conner, Craie, Cramer,
Cuehman, Davis, Qicker on, Effncr, Fairheld, Farhu,
French, Fry, William K. Fuller, Gillet, Grantland, Haley,
Josepli Hall, Uumer, Hannepan, Samuel S. Harrison,
Albert G. Harrison, Ilanes, Hawkins, Hajnes, Holsey,
Hubley, Jabez Jackson, Jarvis, Cave Johnson, John VV.
Jones, Benjamin Jones, Lane, Lansing, Gideon Lee,
Thorn   Lee, Leonard, Logan, Loyall, Lyon, Job Mann,
Manning, Martin, William Ma^on, Moses Ma on, McKay,
MeKcon, McKim, MoLene, Montgomery, Morgan, Muh-
lenberg, Owens, Page, Parks, Dutee J. Pearce, Franklin
Pierce, Phelps, John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Ripley,
Roane, Seymour, Shinn, Sickles, Smith, Speiaht, Waddy
Thompson, Towns, Turril!, Underwood, Vanderpoel,
Weeks, and Sherrod Williams—-87
So tie House refused to suspend the rules.
"•'EMOIRS OF LA FAYETTE.
The SPEA KER, on leave, laid before the House
a letter from Lcavitt, Lord & Co., of New York,
presenting a printed copy of the private life of
General La Fayette, with a request that the same
be placed in the library of Congress.
Mr. CHILDS moved that the books be accept-
ed by the House, that an entry of the acceptance
be made on the Jourtial, and that the Speaker
cause them to be deposited in the Library of
Congress; which was agreed to.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
unfinished business of Mottday last, being the mo-
lion of Mr. S. Williams, of Kentucky, to refer
certain resolutions of the Kentucky Legislatuie,
in relation to the surplus revenue, to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, witli instructions to
report a bill distributing among the several States
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands for
the purpose of internal improvement and educa-
tion.
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, continued the re-
marksatconsiderablelength which he commenced
op a former day. He said the resolutions of the
Legislature of Kentucky brought to the notice of
the House a great matter' Which.should be dis-
posed of before the adjournment'of the present
Congress; he meant the distrlbalion of the surplus
revenue. One of the modes proposed forgetting
rid of it was by increasing th« expenditures for
military appropriations for the public defense.
They were told that in time of peace they should
prepare  for ■ear. He believed in this maxim,
according to the American understanding of it,
and be knew of no other way of collecting the
American sense on the subject than by reviewing
the administrations of this Government from its
commencement down to the present time. At
one time the Army had been as high as twelve
thousand strong. In 1798, the provisioned atroy
was fi,xed at ten thousand; it had been reduced,
however, from time to time, till it only amounted
at present to the number of seven thousand one
hondrM and eirHtyaine. In 1816, Congress
a¿rfcéfluboi a pfefmanentsyjatern'of preparing for
war in time of peace, bf fortifications and increas-
ing the Nary establishment; and from that time
to this, there had been expended $14,000,000
upon fortifications, and #22,000,000 for the Navy.
This he conceived was going fast enough. líe
then recurred to the inaugural address of the
present President in 1829, in which it was stated
that he should not propose to enlarge the military
peace establishment, and to hi  first message in
regard to the naval establishment, in which it was
stated to be1' the best policy to discontinue the
BGiftBHg of snips of the first and seeond class.
Now, (he said,) the question was, whether they
should disregard everything tliat bad been said
by the Administration formally, and support a
system which would take away all the surplus
revenue ? He contended that it was utterly im 
practicable to provide for the defense of" the
country by a system of fortifications on our wide
and extensive frontier and sea-board; all the in-
dustry and produce of the country would not build
up such a set of fortifications as would be able to
protect the country from invasion. The fortifi-
cation scheme was unsafe, and they must rely on
some other defense—on the hearts of a people
who had carried thorn through two victorious
wars. There were other means much more prac-
ticable than the fortification system: a system of
internal improvements would be vastly more
effectual in time of war for the purpose of trans-
porting troops and arms. Suppose (he said) an
enemy was to land near Charleston, which a fort
at that place could not prevent, by means of a
railroad troops and munitions of war might be
brought to that place from the interior, in the
course of afew days, when,by the ordinary mode
of marching, they could not reach there in a
month. Besides, the-ordinary cost of transport-
ing armies in times of war would pay for the con-
struction of railroads' almost over the entire coun-
try. He agreed with the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Evass] on abstract principles, but did not
come to the same conclusions which "itoat gentle-
man had. He believed the taxes were collected
equally, but thaitthe benefits to bederivod there-
from were not) equally distributed. At tke adop-
tion of the Constitution, the States were all Atlantic
States, and rooked to a trade across the ocean;
and it •• i mtiuidl enough for them to adopt the
present system; but that it was far different now.
The benefits then were more equally dispensed
than now. The West Was now called upon for
the collodion of her money, and for her quota of
men in time of war; but when there came to bea<
disbursement of the public money'she received
but a small share.
Mr. A. said, at the commencement of the pres-
ent Administration the President had said that
the public debt would shortly be paid off, when
it would be necessary to provide for a distribution
of the public revenue. The time (said Mr. A.)
had come, and why had the President not sub-
mitted a plan for its distribution? He said the
President had, even in that message, recom-
mended its distribution among the States. I 
1833 Congress took up the subject, and decided
by a large majority to distribute, in a measure,
the public revenues; yet the President decided
that such a disposition would' not be most safe.
When the Treasury Was full, the President did
not consider it the proper mode; but when it was
empty, it was considered fcy him to be the most
Federal disposition of the revenues to divide
them between the States. He said the interests
of the country tailed for the construction of great
highways for the carrying their produce to mar-
ket in time of peace, and for the transportation
of troops and munitions of war in time of war.
Kentucky (he said) had been grossly neglected;
yet still they came therewith a liberal spirit, and
they would not withhold any appropriation which
was for the public good. The time had ecsme (he
said) for a speedy settlement of this question.
The time had come when it was in their power to
extend the benefits of this Government to the
whole people of the United States. The time had
arrived when they Were to decide whether all <rar
resources should be added to the expenditures of
this Government, and whether the tax-payer was;
1 to become the slate of the tax-receiver, and the
liberties of the common people be given up to an
odious Aristocracy.
i Mr. HA WES said the Legislature of Ken->
tucky, as would be seen by the resolutions in
possession of the House, had instructed tfceir
Senators, and requested their Representatives, in
the Congress of the United States, to note for the
passage of a bill distributing the proceed* of the
sales bf the public lands among the Staters¡ or, in
other words, to vote for Mr. Clay's land bill.
1 This was not the only time since he had the
hohor of being a member on that floor, BÓr iras
1 it the only time previous to that, that the Legis-
lature of the State of Kentucky had thdwgW itio
be their duty to pass resolutions similar in char-
acter to those. When he had offered the resolu-
tions then under discussion, he movid that they
be laid on the table and printed for the use of the
members of the House, with the intention, when
the bill on that subject came before the House,
to move to refer them to the same ¿ommittee to
which the bill should be referred. There were
then two propositions before the House; one to
refer these resolutions to the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, and the other to refer them to the
Committee of Ways and Moan . He had ob- ,
served, a moment ago, that this was not the only
time when the Legislature of the State of Ken-
tucky had thought it to be their duty to instruct
their Senators to vote for certain measures, when
they know that their Senators intended to vote in
that particular way, and to request their Repre-
sentatives, when they knew that a portion of them
would vote in the same way, and when a portion ;
of them intended to vote in a directly different
manner.
He remembered a time which was pa*t,.whan
the Legislature of Kentucky, by an almost unan-
imous vote, if not a unanimous one, requested her
Representatives on that floor to vote for the pres- (
ent Chief Magistrate of the United States.   The
then Representatives were almost unanimously ,
requested to vote for an individual who had re-
ceived more votes than every other candidate put
together, yet they disobeyed that request, and
elected another man Chief Magistrate.    He asked
the gentleman who had just resumed his seat, [Mr.
Allan, of Kentucky,] what was his course on that
occasion, and the course of his colleagues? They
said the Legislature had no right to request their*
Representatives to vote in a particular manner,
ana if they did request them to do so, that they
were not bound to obey that request.   They con-
tended that their Representatives were account'
able only to' the people of their districts for theii
conduct, and should abide by their decision.    He-
asked if these were not their views ?   The Rep 
resantatives then looked to the people to'sustain
them, and disregarded the instructions of the Le
gislaturc. It was mostsingular that the Legislature
should send resolutions instructing men to vote'
in the very manner in which every one knew
they" would Vote before they were requested.
He remembered another time whei the Legis-
lature of Kentucky again thought it to be thei*
duty to request their Representatives to prostrate
the liberties of the States and the liberties of
Kentucky, and bow in humble submission to the
Bank of the United States, by voting to restore
the deposits which had been removed. Yes,
Kentucky, which the gentleman had said, and it
was true, had done so much for the preservation
of this Union, had done all this. The Legisla-
ture of that State, regardless of her rights, had
sent her resolutions there, instructing them to-
bow to the Bank of the United States and pro^
nounce it high lord of Kentucky and America.
Mr. H. said he would act as the gentlemen then'
did; he would disobey the request; he would
throw himself on the people who eleftted him,"
and say he was not responsible for his acts on
that floor to the Legislature «f his State. When
he saw the Legislature of his State pass a solemn
resolution for tue good of the people of the State,-
it Would always give him pleasure to act with
them; but when he saw the Legislature of his
State influenced by parly considerations' alone,
act contrary to the interests of the State and the
Union, it gave him great pleasure to declare in
his place, that he would not act in unison with
the majority of that Legislature; he only spoke'
of the majority of the Legislature. He believe*
the Legislature hftd taken up about one day in"
every ten to advance the interests of their favor-
ite candidate for the Presidency, and tie remain'-'
der of the time to perform their duty to their
constitaents and provide for the interests of tlw1
State.
Mr H. understood why the Legislature had
sent on those resolutions, and it was* not for the'
object stated on their face. Did not tke Legis-
lature of" Kentucky khbw that their" Sermters'in
Congress intended to vole for the land bill ? They
did; because orre of those Senator* waS the authof
of that bill, and the Legislature had take* tip the"
time Of the •períp1rirKffi8«U8<¡ifit* tfce •l«esWl«Ui« !
