1*36.
1H& CONfcRBSMONAL &L&BE.
303
Mr. PEYTON was sorry to witness the wses
which were made of the name of the President,
lie did not object to the political speculations
which ww carried on in his «am?; but he did
object to the pecuniary speculations which con-
nected his name with the bogs, and swamps, and
fross of Jackson City. This city reminded him
of the reply of a Georgian who had visited a tract
of land which he had purchased in the western
part of Tennessee, in answer to a question as to
the production of his plantation. He said that
it produced sixty bushels of frogs to the acre, and
a sufficiency of alligators to fence in the premises.
The gentlemen from New York were not content
. with appropriating to their use the military fame
of Andrew Jackson, but were also disposed to
connect it with this bull-frog speculation, for the
purpose of advancing the original price of the
property. He objected to the use of the Pres-
ident's name for anv such purpose.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said that he rose to say only
a word in reply. The bill now presented had not
been drafted by himself. It was originally very
voluminous,and granted very extensive powers;
but on his motion in committeeit had been razeed,
and no greater powers retained than were essen-
tial'to enable the association to manage this prop-
erty with convenience, and progress with their
design. When the subject had been first pre-
sented to the committee, he entertained the same
opinion that some other gentlemen now appear
to entertain, to wit: that it was a mere matter of
speculation. But he had since been led to change
that opinion. He was nowsatisfied that the gen-
tlemen of this association had other objects; that
they not only intended to proceed immediately in
tlie erection of stores, wharves, and other con-
veniences for commercial operations, but that
they had appropriated the sum of $60,000, and
held it ready to invest in this enterprise, as soon
«s they-could obtain an act of incorporation to
enable them, to proceed with safety. But he said
he was not prepared to go info a discussion of the
merits of the bill. He had been instructed by the
committee to present it only about fifteen minutes
before it was presented to this House. But when ,
the proper time arrived, he would endeavor to I
show that the case had merits, and that the bill '
ought to pass, notwithstanding the remarks of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bond.]    The op-
Eosition to this bill in this stage of its progress,
e believed to be entirely novel, though he had not
much experience in legislation; and he believed
it must arise principally from the association of
the illustrious name of the President in the title
of the corporation, judging from  the  quarter
of the House from which the objections came.
The gentleman from Tennessee  [Mr. Peyton]
seemed disposed to be merry upon the occasion,
and had moreover manifested some solicitude, lest
the President's name should suffer by its con-
nection with " swamps and bogs."    Sir, I wish
the gentleman had always manifested the same
regard for the President; but it appears to me,
from the course pursued by that gentleman, and
those with whom he is associated iu support of a
particular candidate for the presidency, that they
would not have felt any great degree of reluctance j
at seeing the President's name and fame swamped, [
politically and otherwise, at any time during the ,
past year or two.    He repeated that the course
pursued by those who objected to the bill was ¡
novel, and to him entirely unexpected.    He had 1
not the remotest idea on presenting it, that he j
should bo called vipon to say a word in its favor, ¡
and he now trusted that it would be permitted to
take the ustml course, and at a suitable time have ■
its merits fairly and fully discussed.
Mr. REED said there were three cities in this
District, neither of which could get along without
the aid of the Government. He was opposed to
any act by Congress which would countenance
this speculation. He adverted to the locality and
unfitness of this position for a city. He did not
wish to treat this bill with any disrespect; he
.would treat it with more kindness than abso-
lutely rejecting it, by moving to lay it on the
table.
Mr. FAIRFIELD asked for the yeas and nays
on the resolution; which were not ordered.
Tiic  bill was then laid on the table—ayes 80,
noes 64.
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky, from the
Committee on Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of William R. Taylor, administrator of Jon-
athan Taylor, deceased; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. LYON, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill authorizing the issuing of
grants in fee simple, for reservations of land re-
served by the treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek
with the Choctaws; which was read twice and
committed.
Messrs. CASEY and CHAPMAN, from the
Committee on the Public Lands; Mr. CRAIG,
from the Committee on Revolutionary Claims;
Mr. WARDWELL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions; and Messrs. HAYNES
and LYON, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, made unfavorable reports upon various
petitions; which were laid on the table.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice and committed:
A bill for the continuation of the Cumberland
road, in Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri;
A bill for the relief of Susan Marlow;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Smith, Lynn
Magu, andScmoise, Creek Indians,
A bill to settle and establish the northern bound-
ary line of the State of Ohio was read twice,
when
Mr. VINTON expressed a hope that the bill
would be put upon its passage. The delegation
from Ohio (he understood) had no desire to dis-
cuss it.
The hour of twelve having arrived, the Chair
announced the special order of the day.
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections on the contested election for
the twelfth congressional district of North Caro-
lina.
The report of the majority of the committee
was in favor of the petitioner, David Newland,
and concluded by the following resolution:
"Resoled, That James Graham is not entitled to a seat
in this House, and that David Newland is entitled to a seat
in this House."
i     Mr.   RENCHER   submitted   the   following
; amendment, which is the pending question:
1.  Resolved, That the depositions which have been com-
I municated to the House by the Speaker, and laid on the
table since the report of the Committee of Elections was
made, whenever taken upon due notice, will be received
by the House as testimony in this case.
2.  Resolved, That the five votes taken fiom the commons
box, at the Franklin precinct in Buncombe county, and
counted for the petitioner, ought not to be counted.
3.  Resolved, That the three votes which were stricken
from the petitioner's roll by the judges at Asheville, in Bun-
combe county, because it appeared by the return of the
judges from the Henderson precinct that three of the votes
given the petitioner were given by voters living in Yancey
county, arid which have now been added to his poll by the
committee, ought not to be allowed.
4.  Resolved, That two votes, (to wit: Robert Lankford
and George Barkley,) stricken from the roll of the sitting
member by the committee, on the ground that they voted
outof their proper county, ought to be restored, because
,:   there is noproof that they lived out of the county in which
¡ they voted.
j i     5. Resolved, That two votes, (to wit: Moses Pace and
i i Andrew Morrison,) which were proven by parol testimony
to have been given for James Graham, out of the county
!. in which they reside, and on that account have been stricken
from his poll by the committee, ought to be restored, be-
; cause it does not appear from the poll books themselves
! ¡ that either of these men voted at tile election.
S | 6. Resolved, That William II. Miltonought to be stricken
': from the poll of the petitioner, because it appears that he
j' had not paid a public tax.
11     7. Resolved, That the five votes found on page six of the
I • report, which have been counted for the petilioner, but
j   which were not given in at the polls, ought not to be counted.
;     8. Resolved, That there is no evidence that these men
¡   were qualified to vote, not havinglived in the county where
II  they offered to vote twelve months immediately preceding
the day of election, as required by the constitution of Nortn
Carolina, or that they tendered their votes as required by
the law of that State.
9. Resolved, therefore, That------------■— is entitled to a
sent upon this floor as a Representative from the twelfth
congressional district of North Carolina.     - •
Mr. NEWLAND, who was entitled to the
floor, rose and addressed the House for Some time
in reply to the sitting member. At the conclu-
sion or his remarks,
Mr.CUSHMAN rose and said: Mr. Speaker,
Congress has now been in session almost four
months; yet the contested election between Mr.
I Newland anft Mf. Q&ham'i^.ufidetífjíf*. 'Bui,
sir, as both of these parties have had á full hear-
ing before the Committee of Elections by them-
selves and counsel—a hearing which embraced
eighty days; as the majority and minority of
that committee have both made reports to the
House, comprising the result of their delibera-
! tions, in a clear and intelligible manner; as those
reports, together with all the evidence which was
laid before the committee, have been printed and
laid upon the table of each member of this House
more than a month since; and as this question
has for several days been fully discussed in this
House—from which discussion and examination
of the documents I presume that every gentleman
has long since satisfied himself how he ought to
record his vote; therefore, I move the previous
question.
Mr. HAWKINS asked the gentleman to with-
draw his motion, to enable him to make an ex-
planation relative to the five votes which were
taken from the commons box, alluded to yester-
day by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Cal-
iioon,] which was refused, for the reason that
the previous question precluded debate.
Mr. PEYTON rose to a point of order: «'That
the previous question could not be moved upon
resolutions purporting to be reported by a com-
mittee,but which, in fact, were never reported by
the committee, because a majority never agreed
thereto, and the report was never made in com-
mittee; and, also, that the document purporting
to be the report of a majority of the committee is
inconsistent and contradictory in its different facts,
and presents no result on which the previous ques-
tion can be called; inasmuch as in the body of the
report it leaves to the House to decide the propri-
ety of allowing to the petitioner the votes found
' in the commons box, and in schedule .A, which
is annexed as a part thereof, it includes the said
votes among the three thousand seven hundred
and twenty-six stated to have been given for the
petitioner."
The SPEAKER decided that the report of the
Committee of Elections, signed by a majority of
the committee, made to the House on the 24th of
February, was the subject before the House; that
the previous question could be moved; arid that,
if demanded by a majority of the House, theniain
\ question would be on agreeing to the resolutions
j appended to said report, and constituting a part
> thereof, to wit:
"1. Resolved, That James Graham is llotcntnWrrtoa seat
in this House.
"2. Resolved, That David Newland is entitled to a scat In
tins House."
From this decision Mr. PEYTON took an ap-
peal to the House, and was debating the same,
when
Mr. RIPLEY rose and called him to order, on
the following grounds: "That the majority of the
committee having signed the report, notwith-
standing the member from Tennessee [Mr1. Peí-
ton] alleged that General Hawkins , from North
Carolina, had not agreed to it, which allegation
is disproved by the statement of General Haw-
kins, who explicitly declares that he did sign it,
and agreed to the resolutions, although he dis-
sented in relation to the five votes put into the
commons box; that, under these circumstances,
on an appeal from the decision of the Chair on a
point of order, the.honorable member from Ten-
nessee has no right to go into the facts of the case
involved in the report, after the motion for the
previous question."
The SPEAKER decided that, on the appeal
from the decision of the Chair on the point of
order, pending a motion for the previous ques-
tion, it was not in order to go into the facts of
the case involved in the report.
From thi3 decision Mr. PEYTON took an-
other appeal to the House, and the question was
put: "Shall tho decision of the Chair on the
point of order raised by Mr. Riplet stand as the
judgment of the House?" and passed in the affirm-
ative—yeas 124, nays 68.
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Ash, Ashley, Barton", Beale,
Bean. Bockee, Boon, Bonldin, flovee, Boyd, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Barns, Bynilm, Cambreleng, O'arr, Casey, C'haney,
Chapman, Chapín,Cleveland,Coffe*, Col**, ConiiojyCraig,
Cramer, CUshman. ttavis, Doubleday, Drotngoore, ¿.nner,
Everett, Fairfield, Farltn, Frenen, Wilhani K. Fuller, Gil-
kraith, James Garland. Gillet, GrantUnd. Grayson. Haley,
