J98&
TfP CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
fallacious, but he had refrained from speaking
while there were so many gentlemen willing to
speak, and tar more competent to the task than
be was. But his colleague ought not to suppose
that because he had been silent he could not de-
fend any posiuon he assumed, if it was necessary
for luut to do so, he had never, heretofore, nt-
tempud, nor should he now endeavor, to talk
uirasUf into notice; *e relied on the truth and
jusuee of the case, and the good and sound un-
derstanding of the American people, to mike the
application, and he would remind his eolltague
that politicians were sometimes so unfortunate as
to talk themsthes into a very unfavorable notict,
that their very words might become a destrt
waste. His colleague ha/1 complained, almost
in the language of woe, that he had coolly and de-
liberately w ruten, and he had no doubt with
much time and care, and now read to htm a lec-
ture for not obev, ing the instructions of tlie Legis-
lature of his State, and for not presenting these
resolutions, when the Geueral Assembly had not
required of him such presentation, and he had
done so because he had no doubt it gave lum
(Mr. M.) much pleasure iu presenting them.
Mr. M. said his colleague did not well under-
stand or know him, when he supposed that the
presentías these resolutions Jiad giren In in any
peculiar pleasure. It was true that it alwav s ■af-
forded him pleasure to do ¿is duty, but he could
assure, not only his colleague but the Senate, that
he had detained those resolutions a long t nit in
his possession, in the hope that they would find
their way into that body, as he had before said,
through some other channel. O her resolution
of a like character had been presented, and he
would ask by whom, and leave his colleague to
make his own answer, and evercise his own re-
flection on the question, but he confessed he was
somewhat surprised that his colleague on vaster-
day, at the rer> first moment that it w as in order
todo so, presented the resolutions that had been
forwarded us from Ohio on various subji cts, and
leaving this, the most important one, sail unpie-
sented. He was perfectly willing his colleague
should have the honor of presenting to the Senate
all the papers sent here by his Sute. He would
nevar attempt to snatch a single leaf from his
brow, but he d d think that it was unkind, if not
unjust, in his colleague not to present all, when in
his power to do so. And w hen he had si en and
felt this act of unkindness, lie thought it would
be a dereliction of duty o.i his own part longer
to wait on his colleague, and he had hastily thrown
his ideas on paper to prevent misrepresentation
here or elsewhere, and had rccurrtd to them as
full notes of what he said, but it was strange
indeed, that a serious charge should be made here
for reading a paper, but he (Mr. M.) well under-
stood what was intended. Its effect abroad was
no doubt hoped for, but at would be a vain hope
where it was expected to be most operative. But
why attempt to evade the fact by a charge against
the manner of dehvenng,if his remarks had been
coolly and carefully prepared, as his colleague
had erroneously been led to bJieve ' If they are
not facts, they can be as easily contradicted and
overthrown, when dehvered in one form, as
another; and (said Mr. M ) I call on my honor-
able colleague, if one fact be not correct, to at
«nee deny it; it would give him pleasure to be
corrected; and, if his reasoning was not correct,
refute it. He had no other object but that right
and justice should take plaee.bnt it was rather a
small matter to evade a charge on the ground that
it was read from a paper, when it might have been
verbally made. His colleague had said he had
not presented this paper, because the paper itself
«id not require him to do so, at least that was
assigned as one reason. He would call on his
colleague to say, if the same reason did not exist
as to all the papers and resolutions he had offered
«pa yesterday to the Senate, and why it was that
distinction should be made between acta of the
.Same kind; why one paper should be presented
without such request, and another withheld on
that account'
Mr. EWING here rose, and was understood
to say, that nono of the papers contained any
special request that they should be presented, and
¡he considered it entirely a discretionary matter
whether ha should-or should not present them.
Mr. MORRIS continued. He was glad of the
explanation, disiretion was sometimos the better
part of valor We are willing to make a reioid
In n of all these aets of our Li gislttuio sent us
but those which operate on ourselves, tins, he
considered, would be an act of injustice towards
the State, against which he protestid. But (said
he) I am charged with having neglected to state
that the appeal, whiih his colleague admitted he
had taken, hid been decided m his favor.
Mr. M. said that, if he was so unfortunate as
not to be able to make himst If understood by lus
colleague, when he had charged him w ith re idmg
deliberately from a paper, he had little hope ol
betti r suect ss now, but he would assure his col-
It ague that he had said, and he now repeated it,
that, under the influence of panic speeches, aidid
by the means and power of the bank, operating
like an tlectrieal shoek on the people,it thievv into
the Ohio Ltgislature a símil in ijoritv. of tin gt n-
th m in \ politic tl fin nds, but ivm thty did not
attempt so fir to violate the publu will as to siy
one woid in favor of a recharter of the bank, or
restoration of the deposits, but contented ihetii-
bih.s with repealing or rescinding the former
resolution. Tins biought up the gieat qui s'iou,
the right of instiuction by the Legislatuie of a
S've to Senatois in Congress, vvhieh was fanly
tn d and settled in O'noat our last eh itions,and
will bv the people of that State, lit had no doubt,
lu fully a id peimanently maintained. Hi hid
said that he confined his remarks to Ohio onlj ,
he did not attempt to enter into the lnqtuiy,
w hi ther the expunging powi r w is eonstitu lonal,
or whether the resolutions passed by tin-  S nat
were, or were not, justly passed He passt d by
these inquiries at present, they were not neces-
sarily e ounce t< d with the right of instruction and
the di ty of obedience—a right which his col-
li airue di nied to the Ltgislature of h s State, and,
a-, lie und rstood, he again appealed to the peo-
ple for his resistance against the resolutions now
offered. Hi (Mr. M ) rontendid that the sover-
eigityofthi State ought to b< represented in this
body, that for this purpose was the Sena c itself
constituted, and that under our form of Govirn-
mml that sovereignty was vested m the State
Legislatures, and they alone ought to be respt eted
as tlu legitimate organ of instruction to Senators
here, and he now called upon the people of his
Stat to listen to their own Legislatuie, and to
look to them as th> griat bulwark of all their
dom stic rights, and for the very preserv ation of
tin ir lucrl i s, if thi y could be disregaidi d and
trcate 1 with supercilious contempt, and their in-
structions made matterof appeal by an individual
S nator In 11 , on tV ground that the legislative
body had not the powi r or right to give such in-
struí tions, and if th< y should sustain such pre-
tensions, tlu y would not only surrender all their
soveieign y into the hands of two men not i lected
by themselves, but thiy would in fact surrender
all their rights into the hands of a dictator—would
bicorne slaves of an ¡¡responsible power, and
would in fact be lit to be such.
Not wishing to push himself unto notice  by
Eublic speaking, he felt entirely satisfied to give
is colleague every opportunity to do so. He
well knew that they represented an intelligent,
thinking, and judging people, capable of under-
standing their rights, and well knew the means
of maintaining them, and in many instances the
arguments of opposition would do more for the
cause of truth than anything that could be said
in its behalf. Such had been the effect of panic
speeches and visionary predictions, in which his
honorablecolleagye boreaconspicuous part. Ohio
had been literally flooded with them, but they
were driven and scattered before the power of
reason, like summer clouds before the winds, and
were absorbed and lost before the light and power
of truth, like the morning dew before the rising
sun, and he now predicted that this second appeal
of his colleague would share a like fate. It never
could, it never would be sustamed while the peo-
ple have a just knowledge of their rights, and
were able and willing to'roaintaia them; ami he
was a poor political calculator indeed w ho did not
know that this was th;e case; and, for his own
fiart, he had such abiding confidence in the ínttl-
, igence of his fellow-citizens, that he could not
i-even doubt but that it would feiever continue.
He said he disliked personal allusions, or per-
sonal altercation on the floor of the Senate; he
had, howevir, heaid it often, and regretted tt was
so, he was not dispostd to make such attacks,
but always ready to repel them.
Mr. EVVING, of Ohio, said he had received a
copy of these resolutions some time ago, but did
not feel exactly bound to present them. The
paper that was sent to him was for his own pu-
vate purpose. His colleague, on that quistion,
had no m ed of instructions; and he (Mr. E.)
could not have found it in his heart to have de-
prived him of so agreeable a task as that of pre-
se nting them. It seemid hiscolliaguc had had
timt enough to pn pare the lecture he had pistread
to him, (Mr. E.) If the people of the State had
instructed him, (Mr. E.,) he was not bound to
obi v the instruí tions of his colleague.
In 1834,instiuctions wetenrt sentid by his col-
league, and oideud to be printed He (Mr. E )
voted against tin m, and made his appeal to the
people on this floor, and the next Legislature that
assi mbled rest inded them His appeal was then
answi red, md he had no further appeal to make.
He was not calhd upon by his colli ague to state
what course he should pursue. He should pur-
sue a m inly nnd independent course, and he was
not to be swayed or turned aside from it. He
should puisue it regardless of consequences. He
disregarded party dictation.
The resolutions w ere then laid on the table, and
oidered to bo punted.
RESOLUTIONS OP MISSOURI.
Mr. LINN presented certain resolutions of the
Legislature of Missouri, highly approving the
conduct of the President in relation to the United
States Bank, censuring the bank's conduct, and
strongly disapprobatory of the resolutions of the
Senate of the United States, and condemnatory
of the Pn sident's removal of the public deposits,
declaring them to be unjubt, unconstitutional, and
unmerited, nnd therefore ought to be expunged
fiom the Journals. The resolutions also instruct
their Senatois and Representatives to use their
influence to obtain appropriations for the im-
provement of the navigation of the Missouri and
Mississippi rivers, and also recommending Mr.
Benton s plan for the graduation of the price of
the public lands, while they disapprove of the
land bill of Mr. Clay, and instruct their Senators
and Representatives to oppose it.
On motion by Mi. LINN, these resolutions
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
|               REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the Committee on
Claims, reported unfavorably on the petition of
Beverly Chew and others.
O i motion by Mr. SHEPLEY,the Committee
on Claims was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of John McDonald.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WALKER, in pursuance of notice given
yebti rday, asked and obtained leave, and intro-
duced the following bills, which were read, and
ordered to a second reading:
A bill to reduce and graduate the price of the
public lands in favor, only, of actual settlers, to
estab'ish a general arid standing preemption law;
to provide tor the sale and entry of all the public
lands in forty-acre lots; and to equalize the grants
of public lands among the new States in which
the public lands are situated.
Also, a bill to provide a preemption to a quarter
section to every actual settler on the public lands
at any time before the 1st of January, 1836.
Also, a bill to provide for claims under former
preemption laws.
The bills were then, by unanimous consent,
read the second time by their titles, and Mr. W.
moved to refer them to> a select committee, com-
posed of five members.
Mr. CALHOUN moved that they he referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands; and, after
some dibate, in which Messrs. CALHOUN,
WALKER, CLAY, BLACK, MOORE, and
KJKG of Alabama, took part, Mr. CALHOUN
varied his motion so as to refer one portion of the
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, and the
other to the Committee on the Public Lands;
and, ja&tr some fuithecrernarHs -from Messrs
