312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcfcllii
i
robin on.   Hut"! ",   Shepley, Tallmadge, j
, W.uf, and W il-r—21-                           |
from   Messrs. CLAY,
Xi'e-,   Riv
'1 iplcn, \1 olf.e
A/tor some  remarks
BUCHANAN and WALKER,
Mr. CL1YT0V moved that the Senate a1-
journ! which motion was negatived—yeas 22,
navs 23; as follows:
VE4S—Me«^re. Black, Calhoun,Clay, Clayton, Critten-
den Divis, Ewmg of Olno, Hendricks, Kent, Knight,
LeHi McKean, Maniuin. Moore, audain, Porter, Pren
ti-«Pre-ton. R iblim--, Southard, Sn it. and Tonihnson—22.
j;\Y3-Mo ¡>r^. Benton, Brnwn, Uuehanan, C'utiibert,
En-mio1" Illinois, Griuidv. Hill. Hubbard. Kingo'" Alabama,
King OiG^orna, Linn, Morn •, Nicholas, Nile*, Rives, Kob
m-on, Ruizles, Shop! y, Tallmadge, Tipton, Walker,
1Vl.it •, and Wright—23.
The question then recurred on Mr. Wright's
amendment, which provides, that on the assent
being given bya convention of the people of Mich-
igan to i he boundaries in the pioposed bill, con-
vened for the sole purpose of giving their assent
herein required, the President shall issue his pro-
clamation that the conditions have been complied
with, and thereupon the State of Michigan shall
be admitti d into the Union, and the Senators and
Representatives elected by her shall take their
seats in Congress without delay.
Mr. CLAY moved to amend Mr. Wright's
amendment, by striking out the words, " people
of the said State," and insert," by the free white
male citizens of the United States, over the age
of twenty-one years, residing within the limits of
the proposed State."
This amendment, after some remarks from Mr.
CLAY, was rejected—yeas 22, nays 23; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Black, Calhoun, Clav, Clayton, Cntten
den, Uavi-, E wing o ' Ohio, H ndricks, Kt-nt, Knight, Leigh,
McKean, Manguui, Moore, Naudain, Porter, Prentiss, Rob
bins. Southard, Swi t, Tomhnsoii, and White—22
NAYS—Metre. Benton, Brovv.i, Buc'ianaii. Cuthbert,
Ewing of lUiuots, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King o.'Alabama,
King ol" Georgia, Linn, Morri:,, Nichola-, Nile-, Pre-ton,
Rives, Ribm'on, Rugóle*, Snepley, TaJiuadge, Tipton,
Walker, and Wright—23.
Mr. CLAY then moved to amend Mr. Wright 's
amendment by striking out the words " for the
sole purpose of giving the assenthercin required,"
and inserting " to revise the said constitution, and
to give the ass«>nt herein required."
The amendment was rejected—yeas 19, nays
25; as follows:
YEAS—Me=srs. Black, Calhoun,Clay,Clayton, Critten-
den, Davi-.Lwing of Ohio, Kent, Knigh, Mangum, Muor •,
Naudain, Portel, Prentiss, Preston, Robb.n*. Southard,
Swi.i, and Tomnnson—19.
NAYS—Me.—r . Ben'on, Prown, Buchanan, Cuthbert, i
Ewmg ot Illinoi ,Grundy. Hmdricks, Hill. Hubbard, King I
or Alabama, King o" G'orgia, L>igh, Linn, Moiri-, Nicli- j
olas, Nrfes, Itive-, Kobin ou, Kuggles, Shepley, Tallmadge,
Tipton, Walker, White, and Wright—25.                          ¡
Mr. Porter then moved to adjourn; which mo- ,
tion was rejected by the following vote:
YEA3—Messrs. Calhoun, Clay,  Clayton,  Crittenden,
Davis, Swing of .Ohio, Kent,  Knight, Leigh, Ulanguin, j
Moore,  Naudain,   Porter,   Prentiss,   Preston,  Bobbins,
Southard, bwi.lt, and Tbuili-oii—19.
NAY'S—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert, j
Ewmg of  Illinois,  Gru.idy,  Hendricks, H'M,   Hubbard, I
King of Al íbima, Kmgoi (.->orgii, Linn, M irris, Nich
olas, Nile , Pave ,Robin-on, Kuggles, Shoplej, Tallmadge, ]
Tipton, Walker, White, and Wujlit—23.
Mr. HENDRICKS remarked that the princi- I
Die of one feature of his amendment having been
'decided by the Senate, and his principal object
being embraced by the amendment of the Senator
from New York, that of a convention of the peo-
ple of Michigan to amend her article of boundary,
instead of the Legislature as propsed by the bill,
he would withdraw his amendment, and would
cheerfully vote for the amendment of the Senator
from New York. The remaining amendment of
Mr. Hendricks was then withdrawn by him.
The question being taken on Mr. Wright's
amendment, it was carried—yeas 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton,Black, Brown, Buchanan, Clay,
Ctayton, Cuthbert,• Davis, Ewing of illinoi.-, Ewing of
Ohio, Grundy, Hendricks, Hiil, Hubbard, King of Alabama,
King of Georgia, Knight, Lum, Mo.ri?, Nicholas, Niles,
Presto , Rive-, Robin-on, Ruggles, Shepley, TnUmadge,
Tipton, Toinlinson, Walker, White, and Wright—32.
Mr.  CRITTENDEN then  moved  that the
Senate adjourn; which  motion was rejected—
yeas 19, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Black, Calhoun. Clay,.Clayton, Critten-
. 4enj Dnvi-, Ewmg of Ohio, Kent, Knjglit, Leigh, Mnnguin,
Afoore, Naufhin,   Porter,   Prentiss,   Robbm ,   Southard,
i«*'i;tt and, Torohnsori—19.
«AYS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Ewin  oTllinoi*, Grunilv, II"ndricks. HrtI, Hubbard. King
0   A 'burn. Ki tg « G-nrgn, Linn, Morn-, Nicholas,
Nile-. R v-, Rob'ii-ou, r'i""le-, Sli -pley, Tallmadge, Tip
ton. IV.ilk.'r, White, a-id Wrigit—21.
The question next came vip on Mr. Hendrick's
amendment, as follows:
Suction 3, lines 11 and H, strikeout'-as soon as the assent
here required shall be given, the President of the United
States ¡.hall announce the ¡.ame by proclamation," and
m-ert, " the foregoing condition being in good faith com
plied with, and being reported by the convention to the
Con-rresc o'the United States."
This amendment was rejected—yeas 9, nays
28; as follows:
YE \ *—M ■-,!, is. Clav, Crittenden, Ewing of Ohio, Hen-
dne'v , Kent, L -igh, Moore, Porter, and Southard—9.
NAYS— M's^r Benton, Black, Brown, Buchanan,
Ciu.ib^rt, Davi>, Ewmg of Illinoi-, Grundy, Hill, Hubbaid,
Km  of A' iliimi, King of Georgia, Liun, Morri-, Naudain,
Nie'io'a-, Niles, Riv-«, Robinson, Ringles, Sheplev, Swi X,
T ill madge, Tipton, Toinlinson, Walker, White, and Wright
—23.
Mr. SOUTHARD moved to amend the bill,
by sinking out the words " and the Senators and
Representatives who have been elected shall be
entitled to take their seats without further delay."
After a debate, this amendment was negatived
—yeas 12, nays 23; as follows:                                 |
YEAS—Me.-srs. Black, Clay, Crittenden, Davis, Ewing
of O.iio, Leigh, Naudain, Porter, Southard, Swiil, Touilui-
son, and White—12.
NAYS—Mes-r . Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Ewmg of Illinois, Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, Hubbard. King
o.'Alabum, Kingo' Georgii, Linn, Morris, Nicholas. Nile.,
Rives, Bolnn-oii, Rubles, Snepley, Tallmadge, Tipton,
Walker, and Wiight—23.
Mr. CL\Y moved to amend the bill, by in-
serting after that part of it declaring-that the con-
stitution of Michigan is ratified and confirmed by
Congress, the words " except that provision of
said constitution by which aliens are permitted
to enjoy the right of suffrage."
Mr. BENTON said it was necessary to pro-
ceed with precision in this matter, and to have
a perfect understanding of it. Although it might
apppar, from the result of the vote on this amend-
ment, that the Senate sanctioned a clause admit-
ting aliens to enjoy the right of suffrage, yet no
such thing appeared in the constitution. It might
be, that on the day on which the convention met,
every person there participating in the election
would be a citizen. There was no such clause
as lhat excepted to by the amendment of the
Smator from Kentucky, by which aliens would
be permitted to enjoy the right of suffrage.
The amendment, after some remarks from Mr.
CLAY, was rejected—yeas 14, nays 22; as fol-
lows:
YE \3—M"?srs. Black, Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, Da-
vi., Eiving of Ohio, Heudrick , Leigh, Naudain, Porter,
Sou*1) nd, Swift, Tomliiwm, anil White—14.
N \Y3—Messrs. B3nton, Brown, Buchanan, Cuthb-rt,
Ewmg o' Illinois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King of Ala
buna, King of Georgia, Linn, Morris, N.eholas, Niles.
Robinson, Rubles, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tipton, Walker,
and Wright—'22.
Mr. CALHOUN here moved that the Senate
adjourn; rejected—yeas 12, nays 23; as follows:
YE\^—Mei=rs. Black, Calhoui, Clay, Crittenden, Da
vi-, Ewing o1" Ohio, L"igi, Naudain, Porter, Southard,
Swi t, and Timlinson—12.
NAYS—Mew-re Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Ewmg of Illinois G.uudv, II mdncks, Hill, HubbarJ, King
o"" Alabama, King of G orsia, Linn, Mom!, Nichola-,
Nile-, Rive=, Rnbi iso i, Ric-rle-, S i"plev, Tallmade, Tip
ton. Walker, White, and 1Vnght-24.
The question was next taken on Mr. Ewmc's
amendment as a substitute for the whole bill, and
it was rejected—yeas 7, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Black, Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Leigh,
Southard, Swi I, and Tomlm on—7.
NAYS-Messrs. Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Ewing of Illinois, G.undv, Hendricks, Hill, Hubbaid, King
o<" Alabima, King of G-orgia, Linn, Morris, Nicholas,
Niles, Rives, Robinson, Rug;!es, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tip-
ton, Walker, White, and Wright—34.
No other amendment being offered, the -ques-
tion was taken on ordering "the bill to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and decided in the
affirmative by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cuttibert,
Ewinaonilinois.Crundv, Hendricks, Hill, Hubbard, fcng
o*" Alabama, King of <r-orgía, Linn, Morns, Nieliola ,
NX\-, Rive-, Robin-on, Rui-les,Shepley, Tallmadge,Tin
ton, Walker, and Wri-lit-23.
i NAYS^Messrs. Black, Davis, Ewirrg of Ohio, Leigh,
Southard, Swilt,TomIin6oii, and White—8.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, the Senateagreod
to reconsider the vote taken in the morning by
which the Senate determined to adjourn wver to
1  Monday—yeas 20, nay« 5.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the Senate then
| proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; after which it adjourned to meet to-morrow,
at twelve o'clock.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jtpril 1, 1836.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to permit him to offer
a resolution to suspend the standing order of
business for the second Monday in April, so as
to give priority on that day to the bill extending
the provisions of the pension act of ]<S32.
Objection being made, Mr. REYNOLDS re-
marked that he thought one day at least should
be given for the consideration of a measure for
the benefit of old soldiers; he would, therefore,
move to suspend the rule, in order to enable him
to submit his proposition.
On a count, there appeared—ayes 52, noes 49—
no quorum.
Mr. HOWELL then asked for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rule; which
i were ordered—yeas 78, navs 51.
j     So the motion to suspend was negatived.
|     Petitions and  memorials were presented   on
¡ leave  by  Messrs.  JOHNSON,  of   Louisiana;
! GRENÑEL, LAWRENCE, MASON, of Vir-
ginia; ASHLEY, CHAPMAN, STQRER, JAR-
VIS, JONES, of Michigan; CAM3RELENTG,
THOMAS, REED, LOVE, CLAIBORNE, of
i Mississippi; and CHAMBERS, of Pennsylvania
—which were appropriately disposed of.
[Mr. Lawrence,by leave, presented a memorial
of importing merchants of the city of Boston, rep-
resenting that much inconvenince is frequently
experienced by them in consequence of unavoid-
able delays in passing their importations through
the custom-house, arising wholly from the insuf-
ficiency in the number of officers allotted to the
customs in that city; and, further, that the public
warehouses are too circumscribed and ill-suned
for the purposes for which they are designed, and
soliciting an enlargement of the public stores, and
an increase of the number of cleiks; by which
means greater facilities will be afforded to the
appraisers for the more speedy and correct dis-
charge of their duties, which the memorialists
n prtscnt have greatly increased during the pres-
ent year; which memorial was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. Jones, of Wisconsin, presented the memo-
rial of George H. Walker, of Milwan,Ree county,
the petitions of J. H. and Nathaniel Knapp, pray-
ing for a confirmation to a tract of land in Des
Moine county; of the citizens of Des Moine coun-
ty, praying for the improvement in the navigation
of the Mississippi, at the rapids of the Di s Moine
and Rock river; a petition of the people of Des
Moine county, against the extension of the half-
breed tract, between the Des Moine and Missis-
sippi rivers; petitions for post routes in Michigan
Territory; of the inhabitants of Du Buque county,
for post offices and post routes.]
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Wisconsin, it
was
Reiolvel, T'iat the Committee on the Po-t Office and Post
Road  h ■ instructed to inquire into the expediency of e tab-
lislung a po-t route from Carthage, Illinois, to Fort Madi-
son, Des Moine county, Michigan Territory.
On motion by Mr. MERCER, it was
Resolved, That a select committee, to consist of a mem-
berfrom each State, beappginted tocon idertheexpedicncy
o¡ providing general rule.-, lor conducting the proceedings
in contei,t"d elections,aad that they have leave to report by
bill or otherwUe.
On motion by Mr. CARTER, it was
Beso/t-e-/, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire mto the crp-diency of allowing tlie
same pay to those officers who served to Wtt! i i six months
of the close of the revolutionary war, and who had been in
service for three year-- previou fy, as was allowed to those
who died in the service, who became supernumerary, or
who served until the end of tlie war.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, made a report con-
cluding with a resolution setting apart Thursday
and Friday, theSthj-and 6th of May, for the ex-
clusive consideration* of bills relating to the Dis-
trict of Colwnbk.
The resolution was agreed to—ayes Sij, noes 42.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES 
■'Mt/W-.B-SHEPARD, from tlie same commit-
