314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBR.
ApHH^
Mr Kivg 's motion was lost—yeas 16, nays 18,
ns follows
xFi.i_Me--.r- Brown Cuthbert Pm- Ewimrof'Hiio
H , inck- Kins   tltbami, kin*or forju L.«i,Mun
gum. * i'iAiiii. Ho"- r- 1'rt-W",  "*Pl>'. *ouUidr<t, svult,
1"<1u"!i"[,"wlüB,.ntnn. Black Buchanan Cuthbert,
Emn  <> lllinoi (.Hind; Hill, Hubbard Linn Niles,
Bivt r Rol>in«on. Su***, lallmadgt, lipWm, Walker,
V\ lute, and tt right—IS
After some remarks from Mr.  CRITTEN-
Mr.' BUCHANAN' explained the bill fully—
expressed his anxiety that it should pass and be
•¡"lit to the other House simultaneously with the
Mulligan bill, in ordtr that the two States may
come Into the Union together He explained,
that the bill contained no provision*! that had
bun object d to in the Michigan bill; and, in
answer to Mr Calhouv, stated, that the rights
of the Government to us public 1 tnds tn the State
vire pufie'lv guaided. The bill (ht said) had
been reported more than a week ago; and being
printed and m the hands of every Senator, thev
h id hadafull opportunity of becoming acquainted
w nil it  prov isio is.
The bill was then orleied to be engrossed for
a third leading v. ithout division, and
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
SvTURDVT,.ipn/2, 1836.
The House was called to order at eleven o 'clock,
when Mr. HA WES inquired of the Chair if there
ft as a quotum present.
The Chair counted the members, -when it ap-
acaicd that eighty-one were in attendance.
There being no quorum, Mr. HAWCS moved
i call of the House, and asked foi the yeas and
lays on his motion, which were ordered, and
«rtre—yeas 60, nays 50.
After proceeding ashoit time with the call,
Mr BOON moved to suspend further proceed-
!ngs under it, which was agreed to.
The Journal was then read.
The CHAIR laid before the House a letter from
he Hon. John Banks, announcing that he did, on
he 31st ultimo, transmit to the Governor of
Pennsylvania, his resignation asa member of the
House of Representatives of the United States.
On motion by Mr SPEIGHT, the communi-
cation was laid on the table, and it was ordered
that the vacancies on committees, occasioned
by the resignations of Messrs Bcvudsley and
Banks, and the result of the contested election
from North Carolina, be filled.                                 i
RLPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.               I
Mr. GILLET, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following resolution, which
was agreed to:
Resoled, That the Secretary of War be directed to re
port to tin  Ilotue the state mid condition ol the various
works ot int mat improvement mentioned in fie bill num
bered 297; giving an account of the hi tory of each, as re
ported to Congress, the amount appropriated ind expended
on each , the original estim ite , the amount now estimated
to finish each wink, aod Hating « hether the original esti
mates were designed, to defray the evpense of making the
works permanent, or whether they were to erect temporary
'   work* as e.xptruU^nUd ; whether the construction of liar
bors is necessary lor carry ing on the commerce on ths lakes,
and whether the works con^trueied, or b^mgeon-tructed,
have answered the purposes for which they are designed
Mr CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Tobias Drum, which was read twice and ordered
to be engrossed.
WISCONSIN TERRITORY.
Mr. PATTON reminded the House that he
had given notice of an intention to call up, at an
early day, the bill from the Senate for the estab-
lishment of the territorial government of Wis-
consin. It had been suggested that the present
was a favorable opportunity for that purpose.
Mr. P. adverted to the peculiar situation of the
inhabitants of that Territory, they being entirely
without govemn.entand without laws. Murders
were almost daily corawntted, and there was no
lawful punishment provided for any crime. He
would, therefore, move to suspend the rule for
one hour, in order to consider the bill to which
•ieiiael alluded.
Mr. JONES, of Michigan, urged the propnety
of speedy action on the bill referred to.    In ad- I]
dition to the reasons assigned by the gentleman  I
fiom Vnginia, [Mi. Patton,] he would infoim
the House, that there was no organization of the
militia in Wisconsin, and  it was desirable that
the Territory should be established, and aGov-
ernor appointed, who could organize its militia.
Mr. STORER objected to the motion.
Mr. PATTON moved to suspend the rule for
the purpose stated, which was agreed to.
The House then went into Committee, (Mr.
Speight in the chair,) on the bill to organize
the terntonal government of Wisconsin.
Mr. STORER adverted to the report of the
proceedings of the House yesterday in a morn-
ing paper, (the Globe,) from which it would be
inferred that there was, alieady a Delegate from
the Terntoiy of Wisconsin. He begged to in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee on the
Teintones, if he could inform the House what
was the number of inhabitants within that Terri-
tory.
Mr JONES, of Michigan Territory, rose and
said, that he had twice endeavored to catch the
eye of the honorable Speaker, and had twice
usen to make the same motion that the gentle-
man from Virginia had so kindly made. Mr. J.
felt the most intense interest in the early decision
of this question, which was of such vital interest
to his young, flourishing, but long neglected
Territory
In addition to the arguments so feelingly ad-
duced by the honorable gentleman from Virginia,
that the people are now, and have ever been, with-
out the pale of judicial tribunals, Mr. J had in-
formation, upon which reliance could be placed,
from the country west of Lake Michigan, in the
public newspapers, in letters and othei souices,
that the country was on the verge- of another
horrid Indian war; that the country is wholly
unprepared to defend itself, for want of some
organization of the militia of the country, and
the means of defense. The people are brave, and
only want authority to organize, and they Will
then protect their wives and their children with
their own hands The honorable Secretary of
War had informed Mr. J , on Tuesday evening,
that he too had received a newspaper with the
unpleasant information that an Indian rupture
might soon be expected in the Northwest Shall we
not then ask for the means of defending ourselves
from the Government to which we are so warmly
attached' He humbly hoped that it would at
once be granted; and that the bill now before the
House would receive its concm fence with the bill
from the Senate, and which had passed through
that body without the slightest opposition from
any quarter. He hoped that the bill would re-
ceive the final action of the House, that the Gov-
ernor, whoever he may be, may receive his ap-
pointment, and at once repair to the Territory,
to organize the gallant men who are there now,
and who so bravely defended the country in the
late war of 1833 with the Sacs and Foxes, Win-
nebagoes, and other nations.
In the course of the debate on this bill, Mi. J.,
in reply to an inquiry fiom the gentleman from
Oh to, would state that no complete census of the
population of the Territory west of the Missis-
sippi river had ever been taken, but he had every
reason to believe that the country already con-
tained a population of nearly thirty thousand
souls, of the most enterprising and meritorious
class of population on the continent of America,
and he could not have the slightest grounds to
doubt that before the next census for 1840, Wis- ¡
consul would present a population for two States;
and would, before that time, ask at your hands
for admission as States into this Union.
An objection or amendment has been offered to
the last section of the bill, which appropriates
$5,000 to purchase, for the use of the Legislative
Assembly and the courts, a library, to contain
the laws of the United States and the different
States of the Union. Mr. J. stated that he did
not know of a single set of the laws of the United
States within the bounds of the contemplated
Territory.   The like favor had been shown to
Michigan Territory; and he hoped that this trifling
sum would not be used to defer the passage of the
bill. The matter of dollars was of hule moment
to the Territory in this particular, aod he would
not object to slight corrections but that they would
necessarily cause the bill to a;o back to the other
branch for its concurrence. Mr. J. w ould remind
the House that upwards of seventy millions of
pounds of lead had been manuiactuied and raised
at the United States lead mines in this quarter,
upon which ten pei cent., as rent or tithe, had
been paid to the Government of the United States.
Does this not give us some claim upon the gener-
osity of the General Government' He thought
it did, and, whilst 1 am speaking here now, one
of my constituents and fnends—Colonel H Gra-
tiot, of Iowa county, out of whose pocket, and
those of the honest and hard-working miners, the
value of this tithe is, taken—is in the galle iv of
the House, who had paid to the Government
upwards of one million two hundred thousand
pounds of lead, foi which he could now obtain
$6 50 per one hundred pounds, equal to $60,000,
all costs paid. Does this not entitle him and the
people of the country to the patronage and pro-
tection of the Government to which we are so
affectionately attached> He thought it would
with all generous and just minds.
On the question of amendment as proposed by
the honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Mat,]
Mr. J. regretted exceedingly that discussion was
about to anse, as that question, it had been
thought, had been avoided and settled to the sat-
isfaction ceitainly of the two honorable Senatois
fiom Illinois, and the othei part of the delegation
in this House, (the honorable Messrs Casey and
Reynolds,) with whom Mr J. had conversed,
and, ho had all the while believed, to the satisfac-
tion of the honorable gentleman who now moves
it. He does not think that the proposed amend-
ment will alter oi affect the question, except to
procrastinate its passage. If Congress could, it
had already fixed and established the northern
boundary of Illinois, and, besides this, Mr. J had
had a provision inserted in the bill, which ex-
pressly declares that nothing contained in the bill
shall prohibit Congress from attaching any por-
tion of the Terntoiy of Wisconsin to any other
State or Territory. The amendment, as proposed,
is deemed of little or no importance to either Illi-
nois or Wisconsin, except ¡>o far as to prevent
the delay in the passage of the bill, which is to
be the constitution or fundamental law for Wis-
consin. Mr. J. said lie resides but one mile north
of the northern boundary of Illinois, is intimately
acquainted with the wishes and feelings of the
people bordering on the line in Illinois, and know 
that there is no anxiety on this subject; and he
entreats thagentleman to withdraw his objeción,
and permit this bill, which is of such deepmteiest
to his constituents, to become a law.
Mr. SrORERwas not opposed to this bill, but
he could see no necessity for such hot-haste legis-
lation; and he wanted to know the reason for
attempting to puss this bill in such an unusual
mode. Mi S made some remarkg touching the
boundary question and controversy between Ohio
and Michigan.
Mr PATTON, adverting to the latter ques-
tion, said the committee had studiously avoided
having anything to do with the Ohio and Mich-
gan controveisy, for they were not charged with
it, nor was the subject under consideration at all
connected with that dispute.
After a few remarks to the same purport from
Mr. BROWN,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to stnk«
out the clause providing for the purchase of a
library for the judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, briefly sup-
ported the amendment; and Messrs. JONES, of
Michigan, PATTON, and KINNARD opposed
it, when it was negatived.
Mr. MAY said he had two amendments to
offer to this bill, which he read as follows:
1   Commencing at the northeast corner bf the State of
Illinois, in the middle of Lake Michigan, at 42* 30' north
latitude
2   And with the boundary oi the State of Illinois at _•
30' north latitude, asfun and marked by Lucius Lyon,the
surveyor on the part of the United States, and John Mes-
senger, the surveyor on the part of the State ot Illinois.
Mr JONES, of Michigan, hoped the amend-
ment would noí be agreed to.
Mr REYNOLDS, of Illinois, advocated the
amendment; and, after a few remark? from
Messrs.  ADAMS, PATTON, and  MAY, the
