1886..
TH& f€ON&RQSg|0N£E OL©BE.
319
hour having expired, the committee rose, with-
out coming to any conclusion on the bill.               i
REPORTS FROM COAIMITTEDS.
Mi. SUTHERLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, repoi ted a ball making appropriations
for th« improvement of certain harbors therein
mentioned, which was read twice and committed.
On motion by Mr. SUTHERLAND, the light-
house bill, together with sundry amendments,
was ordeied to be reprinted.
BILIS PASSED.
On motion by Mr. HARLAN, the bill grant-
ing fuither time to sell certain lands granted to
the Deaf and Dumb Asylum of Kentucky, was
taken up, read a thud time, and passed
The following bills were read a third time amj
passed-
A bill for the relief of Charles M. Prazicr;
A bill for the relief of David Browning,
A bill for t'ic relief of Jonathan Boone;
A bill for the relief of Benedict Alford and Rob-
ert Brush,
A bill for the relief of James Caulfield;
A bill for the relief of Jmnes Wiltbank; and,     I
A bill for the rcltcf of William Stannard and
others
The bill for the relief of Parish Carter and the
heirs of Charles Williamson was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time, as amended in
committee     Subsequently the bill was passed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The  House  then went  into committee (Mr.
Ward in the chair) on the following bills and
joint resolution:
A bill to authorize a compromise, and to secure
to the United States the title to the Pea Patch
island, in the river Delaware,
A joint resolution  to renew the gold medal
struck and presented to General Morgan, in honor
of the battle of the Cowpens,
A bill for the relief of Jacob F. Walter;
A bill for the relief of Gaeiano Carusi;
A bill from the Senate foi the relief of Henry
B.Tyler,
A bill for the relief of Robert McJimsey, sur-
viving partner of Jackson and McJimsey-,
A bill for the relief of Robert Dickey, of New
Yo,k,
A bill for the relief of John Frazer and Com-
pany, of Charleston, South Carolina,
A bill for the relief of James Robertson, of
Soytli Carolina,
A bill for the relief of Thankful Randall;
A bill for the relief ot Elizabeth Mays,
A bill for the relief of James Tucker and John
Judge;
A bill for the relief of N. and L. Dana & Co.;
A bill for the relief of Philip and Eliphaiet
Greely;
A bill to authorize the President of the United
States to cause to be issued to Albert G. Smith,
and others, patents for certain reservations of
land in Michigan Territory;
A bill for the relief of Francis R. Theobald;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin P. Stone;
A bill for the relief of libenezer Breed,
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Michael Fcnvvick, deceased,
A bill for the relief of David Kilbourn;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Brahan,
late receiver of public moneys at Hunt&ville, Al-
abama;
A bill for the relief of Nancy Haggard;
A bill lor the relief of Robert Allison, a lieuten-
ant in the revolutionary war;
A bill for the relief of Andrew Hoover, of In-
diana;
•     A bill for the relief of Asa Armington; and
A bill for the ulief of Henry Stoddard.
The committee rose and reported, when the
bills for the relief of N. and L. Dana &, Co.- of
Philip and Eliphaiet Greely-, of Ebeoezer Breed;
of David Kilburn; of Nancy Howard, and the
Dill for the relief of the heirs ofJolui Brahan,
weie postponed until Friday next.
The remainder of the bills reported fiom the
Committee of the Whole, (the amend menu to a
portion of them having been concurred in,) were
ordered to a tlurd reading.
The House again went tato committee (Mr. P.
C. Poller, <ff New York, in the chair) on the
following bills:
A bill for the relief of John Baikley,
A bill for the relief of Amelia Leech;
A bill for the relief of S. Morris Wain-,
A bill for tho relief of John F. Lewis,
A bill for the relief of James Moore and Wil-
liam Moore;
A bill confirmm? to the legal representatives of
Thomas P. Reddick, a tract of six hundred and
forty acres of land;
A bill for the relief of James Bradford;
A bill for the relief of Abraham Forbes, a spy
in the late war;
A bill granting pensions to Theoplnlus E.
Beekman,1ate first lieutenant forty-first regiment
United States infantry;
A bill granting a pension to Colonel Gideon
Moigan;
A bill for the relief of Alexander and Ira Nash;
A bill allowing rations to Brigadier General
John E. Wool, Inspector General United States
Army;
A bill for the relief of Israel Ingall;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of William
Forbes, deceased,
A bill from the Senate for the relief of Benja-
min Murphy;
Report (Revolutionary Pensions) in the case
of Alexander Noel;
A bill for the relief of John MrCarroll, jr.;
A bill for the relief of Jamos Trumble;
A bill for the relief of Michael Thornton;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Neibert, and
A bill for the relief of Jesse Sykes.
The committee rose and reported the foregoing
bills, with the exception of the bills for the relief
of General vVool, of Bf-njamin Murphy; and of
John McCarroll,jr.,upoii which leave was given
to sit again.
The bills fob the relief of S. Morris Wain; of
James Trumble; and of Michael Thornton, were
postponed until Friday next.
The remainder of the bills referred to the Cora 
mitteaof the Whole were ordered to be engrossed,
and read a third time.
Mr. HUNTSMAN asked the consent bf the
House to submit a motion to make the Tennessee
land bill the special order of the day for" the first
Monday in May next, and to give rt precedence
of other business on that day.
I     Leave being granted, there appealed ayes TO,
noes 17; no quorum voting.                                      i
[    On motion by Mr. WISE, the House adjourned. |
IN SENATE                                J
Mondvy, «fyíí/4, 1836.
On motion by Mi. WHITE, the papers of the
heirs of Captain John Spottswood, deceased, on
the files of the Senate, were a°;ain referred to the
i Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
I Mr. MORRIS presented additional petitions
from citizens of Ohio, on the subject of a change
in the location of the Cumbeiland road, which
were refeucd to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Mr. M. also presented the petition and the pro-
ceedings of a meeting of citizens of Adams coun-
ty, Ohio, asking for a grant of waste lands, to
aid in the construction of a turnpike road, lately
chartered by the Legislature of that State. P.efci -
red to the same committee.                                        i
Mr. GRUNDY said, that the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which had been
referred a report of the Postmaster General on
the subjeet of a discrepancy in the accounts of
the accountants of that Department, Jiad directed
him to offer the following resolution:                       )
Retained, That the report ot the aec mntants employed
by the Committee on tlie Post Oihcc and Po-t (loads at the
last session ot Congr<""< b- printed, and a copy thereof be
hirnished to the Postmaster General; and the Postmaster
General is directed to report to the Senate, whether the
cause ol the discrepancy of $40490 91, «tated m the report
of the accountants to the eommittce ot the Senate,dated 3d
March, 183), as then existing in the -recounts of the gen-
eral post othce, has been discovered; and further^ to report
the cause of said discrepancy, Ojnd who watMhc occasion
thereof, and vv hether the balance, if an), has been paid.
j     This íesolution was, by unanimous consent,
I considered and agreed to
| Mr. TQMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which had been referred the petition
' of Ransom Mix and J-ohn McLeod,.reported a
bill for then relief, which was read and ordered
to a third reading.
Mr MOORE gave notice that he would to-mor-
row ask leave to bring in a bill for the relief of
Simeon Gerrett
On motion by Mr. KNIGHT, ltwas
Ordered, That one thousand citra copres of the rirport
mad" to the House of Representative:! by tile Secretary of
the Treaaurj, on the culnvatiqu, trade in,and manulacture
of foreign cotton, be primed for the use ot the t-crute
Mr. HILL submitted the following resolution
ResoUed, Tint the Committee on the Po=t time., a.ul
Post Raid, be instructed to inquire into the cxp-di uc) of
e-tibhshing til* following post route-, viz From Worcc-
ter, by Wi <l Boyieston, ¡nerlmí. Lancaster, Shirlev, and
GrotOH,m MawachutctU, Dunotqble, Merrimack, Eedlo.d,
Goff town, Hooksatt, and Bow, to Concoid in New II imp
shire from Dun-table, bv Hud on, Londonderry Deri),
Hainan id, rimkc, and Kingston to Exeter mNen Hnnip
shire , from Exeter by Hampton Falls, to Hampton Beach,
ui Neiv Hampshire , from Dover, by Durham, Lee, Euping,
Cluster, Derrj, Windham, and Pelliam, in Nnv Hi up
«hire, and Drew in, to Lowell, in Mas achusett ,   ran
Chirle-town bv Claremont, Cornish Flu«, Mcredin, Ei-=t
Plainfi -Id, and Lebanon, to Hanover, in New Hamp lure,
from Lebmon, by Springfield, NewLondon,and Sutton, lo
Warner, in New Hamp hire, from Claremont, in New
Hamp hit1, by Wethersficld, to Proetor-Mllo, m Vermont,
from Hillsborough Bridie by Antrim, North Branch, Mod
danl.and Sulhvin, to Keene, in New Hampshire, from
Hillsborough Bridge, bv Pouth Antrim and Hancock, to
Peterborough, in New Hamp-bire; trom Centre Hirbir,
bj Moultonborou^h, iSiptouborough, Ofsipce, in N vv
Hampshire, NewfieM, Limerick. Witorborough and Bu\
ton, to Portland, in Maine; from Hillsborough Bridje. by
Hillsborough Centre, Bradford Centre and button, to t>ut
ton Village, in New Ifamp hire , from Amherst, by Mil o d,
Wnton, and Mason, to New Ipswich, in New Hampshire
ADMISSION OF ARKANSAS. -
The bill providing for the admission of Arkan-
sas into the Union, on an equal footing with the
other State s, came up on its third reading.
Mr. BUCHANAN asked for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, and they were accoid-
nigly ordered.
Mr. BENTON observed that he had no inten-
tion to delay the passage of this bill, but on ac-
count of the cncumstances under which the two
bills for the admission of Michigan and Arkansas
into the Union had been brought forvvaid—he
alluded to the great agitation on the subject of
slavery—he thought it due to the occasion to
notice one remarkable fact, that ought to be taken
into consideration by the peoplq of the United
States. It was worthy of notice, that on the
piesenlation of these two great questions, those
gentlemen who had charge of them there were so
slightly affected by the exertions that had been
made to disturb and ulcerate the public muid on
the subject of slavery, as to put them in the hands
of Senators who might be supposed to entertain
opinions on that subject different from those held
by the States whose interests they were charged
with. Thus the people of Arkansas had put
their application into the hands of a gentleman
representing a non-slavqholding State, and the
people of Michigan had put their application, into
the hands of a Senator (himself) coining from a
State where the institutions of slavei y existed,
affording a most beautiful illustration of the total
impotence of all attempts to agitate and ulceiate
the public mind on the worn-out subject of sla-
very. He would further take occasion to eay,
that the abolition qui stion seemed to have ditd
out; there not having been a single presentation
of a petition on that subject since the gencial jail
delivery oidered by the Senate.
Mr. SWIFT observed, that although he felt
every disposition to vote for the admission of the
new State into the Uniop, yet there were impera-
tive reasons under which he must vote against it.
On loqking at the constitution submitted by Ar-
kansas, he found that they had made the institution
of slavery perpetual; and to this he could never
give lus assent. He did not mean to oppose the
passage of the bill, but had merely risen to ex-
plain the reasons vv hy he could not v ote for it.
Mi. BUCHANAN observed, that on the sub-
ject of slavery this constitution was more liberal
than the constitution of any of the slave holding
Stales that had been admitted into the Union, It
preserved the very words of the other constitu-
tions in regaid to slavery, but there were other
provisions in it in fav„rot the slaves, and -among
them a provision which secured to them, the right
of trial by jury „ thus piuttng, theoMO that par uc-
