316
THE CÜNCrRESSIOHAL GLOBE.
April 4,
ular, on an equal footing with the whites. He con-
sidered the compromise which had been made
when Missouri was admitted into the Union as
haviii  settled the question as to slavery in the
new southwestern States; and the committee,
therefore, did not think proper to interfere with
the institution of slavery in Arkansas.
Mr. PRENTISS referred to the reasons which
had induced him to vote against the bill for the
admission of Michigan, and said that he must
also vote against the admission of Arkansas. He
viewed the movements of these two Territories
with regard to their admission into the Union as
decidedly revolutionary, forming their constitu-
tions without the previous consent of Congress,
and importunately knocking at its doors for admis-
sion. The objections he had to the admission of
Arkansas particularly were, that she had formed
her constitution without the previous assent of
Congress, and in that constitution had made
slavery perpetual, as noticed by his colleague. He
regretted that he was compelled to vote against
this bill; but he could not, in the discharge of his
duty, do otherwise.
Mr. MORRIS said: Before I record my vote in
favor of the passage of the bill under considera-
tion, I must ask the indulgence of the Senate for
a moment, while I offer a few of the reasons
which govern me in the vote I shall give. Bein 
one of the Representatives of a free State, and
believing slavery to be wrong in principle, and
mischievous in practice, I wish to be clearly
understood on the subject, both here and by
those I have the honor to represent. I have
objections to the constitution of Arkansas on the
ground that slavery is recognized in that consti-
tution, and settled and established as a funda-
mental principle in her government. I object to
the existence of this principle forming the part of
the organic law in any State; and I would vote
igainst the admission of Arkansas, as a member
of this Union, if I believed I had the power to do
so. The wrong, in a moral sense, with which I
view slavery wottld be sufficient for me to do
this, did I not consider my polttical obligations,
and the duty, as a member of this body, I owe to
the Constitution under which I now act, clearly
require of me the vote I shall give. I hold that
my portion of American citizens who may reside
on a portion of the territory of the United States,
whenever their numbers shall amount to that
Which would entitle them to a representation in
the House of Representatives in Congress, have
the right to provide for themselves a constitution
and State government, and to be admitted into
the Union whenever they shall so apply, and
they are not bound to wait the action of Con-
gress in the first instance, except there is some
compact or agreement requiring them to do so.
I place this right upon the broad, and I consider
indisputable, ground, that all persons living wit hi n
the jurisdiction of the United States are entitled
to equal privileges; and it ought to be matter of
high gratification to us here that, in every por-
tion, even the most remote, of our country, our
people are anxious to obtain this high privilege
at as early a day as possible. It furnishes clear
proof that the Union is highly esteemed, and has
its foundation deep in the hearts of our fellow-
citizens.
By the Constitution of tlve United States power
is given to Congress to admit new States into the
Union.    It is in the character of a State that airy
portion of our citizens inhabiting any part of the
territory of the United States must apply to be
admitted into the Union; a State governmentand
constitution mnst first be formed.    It is not ne-
cessary for the power of Congress, and I doubt
whether Congress has such power, to prescribe
the mode by which the people shall form a State
constitution; and for this plain reason, that Con-
gress would be entirely incompetent to the exer-
cise of any coercive power to carry into effect the
mode they might prescribe.    I cannot, therefore,
vote against the admission of Arkansas into the
Union, on the ground that there was no previous
act of Congress to authorize the holding of her
convention.   As a member of Congress, I will not
look beyond the constitution that has been pre-
sented.    1 have no right to presume it wasformed
by incompetent persons, or that it does not fully
express tne opinions and wishes of the people of
i that country. It is true that the United Slates
shall guarantee to every State in the Union a re-
publican form of government, meaning, in my
judgment, that Congress shall not permit any
power to establish, in any State, a government
without the assent of the people of such State;
and it will not be amiss that we remember here,
also, that that guarantee is to the State, and not
as to the formation of the government by the peo-
ple of the State; but should it be admitted that
Congress can look into the constitution of a
State, in order to ascertain its character, before
such State is admitted into the Union, yet I con-
tend that Conarress cannot object to it for the
want of a republican form, if it contains the great
principle, that all power is inherent in the people,
and that the government drew all its just powers
from the governed.
The people of the Territory of Arkansas—hav- '
ing formed for themselves a State government,
having presented their constitution for admission
into the Union, and that constitution being re-
publican in its form; and believing that the peo-
ple who prepared and sent this constitution here '
¡ are sufficiently numerous to entitle them to a
Representative in Congress; and believing, also,
that Congress has no right or power to regulate
the system of police these people have established
i for themselves, and the ordinance of 1787 not
operating on them, nor have they entered into any
, agreement with the United States that slavery
should not be admitted into their State—have the
right to choose this lot for themselves, though I
regret that they made this choice. Yet, believing
that this Government has no right to interfere
with the question of slavery in any of the States,
or prescribe what shall or shall not be considered
property in the different States, or by what temare
| property of any kind shall be holden, but that all
these are exclusively questions of State policy,!
cannot, as a member of this body, refuse my
vote to admit this State into the Union because
her constitution recognizes the right and existence
of slavery. As the question of the admission of
Michigan has been mentioned at this time, I beg
1 leave to say a word on that subject. I gladly
i would have corrected some errors into which
gentlemen had fallen with regard to the State of
Ohio, when that bill was before us, but had not
the opportunity to do so. The great objection
then made was, that the constitution of Michigan
admitted to the right of suffrage inhabitants of
six months' residence, without providing that
they should be citizens of the United States;and
that this Government had the right, and ought to
exercise the power, to fix the basis of State
power, and to provide that none but citizens of
the United States should be qualified voters in the
different States. To this doctrine I cannot give
my assent; and I am happy to find that, of the
eight Senators who represent the four north-
western States, seven of us have disagreed to this
doctrine, and voted for the admission of Michi-
gan into the Union. The provision contained in
the constitution of Michigan, that all white males
of a given age, who had resided in the State for
six months, should be entitled to vote, is con-
tained in ttie constitution of Ohio, long since
adopted, whh the only difference that a residence
in Ohio must be one year, the constitution de-
claring that all inhabitants who have resided one
year in the State, &c, shall enjoy the right of an
elector.
It was said, however, that the courts in Ohio
had decided, as early as the year 18J7, that the
word " inhabitant," as used in the Constitution,
meant only citizens of the United States, and
that none others were entitled to vote. I know'
of no such decision in Ohio, nor can I believe
that, if such had been made, it would be entitled
to any weight, or be regarded as obligatory by
any portion of our citizens. We do not believe
there, that our political rights depend on courts
of justice; we regulate that concern by a differ-
ent process. It is true that the Legislature of the
State in 1628,1 am inclined to believe, in a time
of high party excitement, passed an act requiring
of the judges or inspectors of elections that, when
a voter presented his ballot, if they were satisfied
he was a citizen of the United States, and had in
other respects vhe qualifications of a Voter, they
should deposit his ballot in the box; but this1,
like other attempts on the constitutional rights
of the citizens, as far as my knowledge extends,
has been mostly, if not entirely, disregarded;
and if the voter has been one year an inhabitant
of the State, is a resident at the time in the dis-
trict in which he tenders his vote, and has paid
or is charged with a State or county tax, and is
over the age of twenty-one years, his vote is re-
ceived, for these are the only requirements of the
Constitution. I cannot, for myself, discern upon
what possible ground the claim rests, that Con-
gress have the power to establish a basis for
voters in the different States by requiring that
they shall be citizens of the United States. How-
ever just and proper the requirement may be, it
is the States and not this Government that have
the right to make it; and the Constitution of the
United States, so far from asserting this right,
declares that members of the House of Repre-
sentatives in Congress shall be elected by the
electors in each State, which have the qualifica-
tion requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature. This to my
mind is conclusive on this subject; and I did be-
lieve there was not any just ground for the objec-
tions urged against the admission of Michigan;
nor can I now believe that those against the ad-
mission of Arkansas ought to prevail, either
because there has been no previous act of Con-
gress to authorize her people to form a consti-
tution, as has been urged by one Senator; nor
because her constitution admits slavery within
the State, as has been argued by another; under
every view which I have been able to take on
these important questions, that the application
of both Michigan and Arkansas for admission
into the Union, is not prohibited by any provision
of the Constitution of the United States; and that
Congress have not the power to enter into any
compromise, bargain, or agreement with the peo-
ple of those States, in order to produce a change,
amendment, or alteration of their constitutions;
nor has Congress the power to make any such
requirement, or to effect such change; but that
each State has the right to present herself for
admission, in her own time and manner, and that
justice and sound policy require the admission
of both the States that now seek it.
Mr. PORTER rose to say, that he could not
vote for the admission of Arkansas, strongly as
his feelings were in her behalf. Being opposed
in principle to any State coming into the Union
in the manner attempted by Michigan and Ark-
ansas, and which he considered so revolutionary,
he felt himself constrained to vote against the
bill.
Mr. EWING, recapitulated the objections he
had before given to the bill for the admission of
Michigan, and expressed his disapprobation of
the manner in which the constitution of Arkansas
had been formed without the previous assent of
Congress. He would, however, under all the
circumstances, give his vote in favor of the bill.
The question was then taken on the final pass-
age of the bill; and it was passed by the follow-
ing vote:
YEA9—Messrs. Kenton, Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clayton, Curtbeit, Bwini of Illinois, Ewing of Ohio,
Gruudy, Heudncki, Hill, Hubl>a>d, King of Alabama, King
oí' G 'orgia, Linn, McKean, Manirum, Moore, Morris,
Nicholas, Niles, Pre ton, Rives, Jtobin^on, Ruisles, Shep-
ley, Tallmadre, Tiptan, Walker, White, and Wriaht—31.
NAVd—.Messrs. Clay, Knight, Porter, Prentiss, Robhins,
ami Swiil—6.
Mr. CALHOUN rosa to say, that, as soon as
the debate on the expunging resolution would
allow, he would call up the bill introduced by
him to prevent the circulation of incendiary pub-
lications through the mails, and he hoped the
Senate would then agree to its consideration.
EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
On motion by Mr. LEIGH, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the resolution,
introduced by Mr. Benton, to expunge a certain
resolution fren  the Journal of the Senate; when
Mr. LEIGH,after some preliminary remarks,
read the resolution of the 28th of March, 1834,
condemnatory of the President. The points in it
were, whether the proposition was true in point
of fact, or in point of law; and whether the Senate
had a-right to determine on fas rights? He did
not doubt the competency of the Legislature to
rescind Or repeal; but the word «* expunge" was
