íUb
w wmwmwAt/. uhQm-
Aprils,
There was one in durt Hall who was truly amids
fire and smoke, and death and blood. And yet
his colleague preferred the commands who was
in the rear, out oí danger, and out oi  fire and (
smoke.                                         ,          .     ,             ¡.
Mr fl here read extracts irom the letter oí
General Harrison, where he had represented to
the War Department that dismay and disinclina-
tion to the service pervaded the western country.
He also read an extract, where he said that the
Ohio militia were not to be depended on. He
pronounced this a slander on Ohio. He also read
an extract where he (General Harrison) said t at
good militia might be had from Kentttcky, pro-
vided they were permitted to fight on horseback.
Mr. H. contended that the Kentuckians were
brave individually or collectively, whether on foot
or on horseback; and repelled the insinuation,
which might be drawn from the letter, that on foot
the people of Kentucky were not good soldiers,
and ready to defend their country at all hazards.
The CHAIR said he did not arrest the gentle-
man for replying to the arguments of the gentle-
man who had preceded him, but he did not con-
sider it in order to go into so wide a range .of
debate, unless in reply to arguments of those who
had preceded him.
Mr. BELL said that he considered that the
Chair had done his duty; and having done so, if
the House were not dissatisfied with the argu-
ments of the gentleman, the usual course would
be to allow him to proceed.
Mr. HAWES resumed. He had now come
to another individual (Mr. Van Burcn,) than
upon whose head, perhaps, there never had been
heaped more calumny; and why had he been thus
persecuted by the aristocracy of the land? Simply
because he was a democrat; a man of the people,
and not belonging to the aristocracy. His col-
league had said that he had never been in the
midst of fire and smoke; but Mr. H. said, that
he had been called to discharge other duties in
the nation, equally as honorable, and to the per-
fect satisfaction of the people. He was truly
and emphatically the man of the people. The
people, upon many occasions, had called him to
fill important offices. It was true, he was never
called to fill any military offices—but he had
filled many high civil stations. He was an able
foreign minister; but then it was discovered that
he stood in the way of the aristocracy, and was
considered a stumbling-block to them. It was
then that the war was commenced -upon him.
.But he has since been raised by the people, and
-the people, will still raise him higher. But to
the resolutions of the Legislature of Kentucky.
. Those resolutions requested Mr. H. to vote for
Clay's land bill,.and he could not and would not
doit. He could, not «ven in obedience to the
request of that high and honorable body, the
Legislature of his State, because he conceived it
would be voting to prostrate the liberties of his
country. He could not, as a citizen of the West,
tie, and manacle, and prostrate her. He would
■ not, as a citizen of Kentucky, share in the sur-
plus which was to be taken from the sister States.
No: the Legislature knew he would not doit;
and if he was to die a political death, it would be
contending against the aristocracy and monop-
olies of every kind. Efforts too had been made
by the Legislature of Kentucky to change the
congressional districts, which, if it had beer,
done, it was well known that he (Mr. H.) could
not have been elected. But they had thrown
themselves upon the people, and the people
reversed the decision of the Legislature. Mr. H.
opposed the system of dividing the proceeds of
the public lands, because if once commenced, the
price of the public lands would never be reduced.
He conceived, if this bill was passed, it would
be taking the money from the new and giving it
to the old States. It was true thebill proposed to
give the West a certain per cent., but that, in
. fact, amounted to nothing. But he was opposed
to it on another ground; and so far as his vote
would go, he never would consent to have his
State look up. to the Government of the United
States for money. He could not give his vote
for such law; but if the people instructed him to
do so, he would humbly obey and resign his'seat
. oil that floor.
Hi* colleague had asked what was to be done
with the immense surplus rovenue.    Ho would
say in reply, that whenever the revenue exceeded
the wants of the Government, it should  be re-
duced.    Reduce the tariff; reduce the price of the
public lands,until you bring them upon an equality
with the  expenditure of the Government.    He
conceived this to be the wish of the great body
of the .people of Kentucky,    lie would reduce
the price of the public lands so as to bring them
within the reach of the poor, which would increase
your yeomen, and raise up a prosperous and in-
dustrious people.    He hoped  tlijs Government
would not  pursue  the course of the European
Governments, and retain the public lands for hunt-
ing grounds for the aristocracy.    He .sincerely
hoped they would not, but that they would be
sold out at a reduced price to the yeomen of the
land.    Bonaparte did  one good act by breaking
up the large forests of the noblemen; and he hoped
this Congress would do the poor of the country
the justice to reduee the price of the public lands,
so that the country might have yeomen where
it now had the mere tenants of men of wealth.
It was proposed to give the proceeds of the public
lands to the States for purposes of internal im-
provements and education.    Who ever heard that
this Government had the right to tax the people
for purposes of internal improvements and educa-
tion?    He presumed his district would be divided
up into school districts; and what would be the
consequence if it was ?    Why, there would not be
money enough to educate all the children in the
State; and the schools would be confined to towns
and  cities, the  seats of the aristocracy, while
the yeomen of the country would be left in the
same condition in which they now are.    But
another portion of the money was to be spent in
internal improvements.    Now, every one knew,
that by the Constitution the Government had no
right to make local internal improvements; but by
this bill the States were to be forced to do that,
which by the Constitution of the United States
they had no right to do.    He could not see the
difference between the Government making these
improvements, and their giving the money to the
States, and saying to them that they should make
them.    He asked, his colleague, where was the
i Kentuckian who would agree to this?   He could
not believe that Kentucky would agree to it until
he saw it.    But the bill had a clause in it which
was to give a certain sum to colonize the blacks
of the country.    Now, he would ask, where was
there a man so regardless of the Constitution of
the country, as to suppose for one moment that
¡ they had tie right to appropriate money to col-
onize theblacks ?  Yet by the land bill you propose
to violate the Constitution in this very way; and
to force the,States to do that which they had no
power tinder the Constitution to do.    Mr- H. had
an acquaintance who thought he would be doing
God a service by liberating and sending his slaves
to Africa; and they had not been there six months
I before the whole of them were destroyed by the
I natives.
The CHAIR here remarked that the land bill
was not under discussion, and that there was
nothing said about the colonization of blacks in
the resolutions before the House.
Mr. HAWES resumed.   The people of Ken-
tucky never could consent to have their money
taken for the purpose of sending their blacks to
a foreign country.    It was against the Constitu-
; tion of the country, and the people of Kentucky
never could permit this Government to bring them
i into a violation of that Constitution.    His col-
league had said that the perpetuity of the free
, institutions of the country depended upon the
passage of this land bill.   He thought that gen-
tleman must have a very unfavorable opinion of
the free institutions of the country, if he thought
for one moment that they depended upon the pass-
j age of a little land bill.   Mr. H. said it depended
, upon no such thing.   Their perpetuity depended
upon the affections of the people of the country,
| and money had nothing to do with it; if it had,
the Bank of the United states would never have
been scattered to the four winds, and entirely put
down by the people of the country.   That strug-
gle had taught Mr. H. to believe that the people
of the country never could be led from their pro-
priety even by the power of money, which was
the greatest enemy to liberty.
Mr. HAWES was here interrupted by the ar-
rival of the hour for proceeding to the orders of
the day.
DEPOSIT BANKS----R.  M. WHITNEY.
Mr. WISE asked the consent of the House to
submit the following resolution:
Rewired, That a select rniiimiilee be appointed, with
power to send for person--and papers, to inquire into the
agency or mode of selecting tlu< banks of deport lor the
public money, find into the contracts with the Treamry
Dep irtmcnl by which they are regulated, and into the.iii,^
nor in which, ami the. persons by whom, such contract* are
made ; and to inquire whether any. and, if any, what con-
nection or relation, oflicinl or unofficial, exists, or hah ex-
isted, between a certain Heuben M. Whitney antl the Treas-
ury Department of the United States, or between him and
the hanks of deposit of the public money; and into the ex-
tent of his agency generally in keeping and controlling the
public money; and into the amount of his compensation,
whether the same be pnid out of the public Trea>ury, or by
the deposit banks ; and that said committee have leave to
report by bill or otherwise.
Objection being made, Mr. WISE moved to
suspend the rules to enable him to offer his reso-
lution, and asked for the yeas and nays on the
motion; which were ordered, and were—yeas 84,
nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Ashley, Bell. Bond, Bunch, John Calhoon, William B. Cal-
houn, Campbell, Carter, John Chambers, Childs, Nathaniel
U. Claiborne, John F. H. Claiborne, Clark, Corwin, Crane,
Cuslnin, Darlington, Deberry, Denny, Evans, Everett, For-
ester, French, t'hilo C. Fuller, James Garland. Uice Gar-
land, Granger, Graves, Grayson, Grennell, Griffin, Haley,
Hilnnd Hall, Hard. Hardin, Harlan. Harper, Albert G. Har-
rison, Hazeltine, Hoar, Hopkins, Howell, Ingeiyotl, WB-
liam Jackson, Janes, Jenifer, Henry Johuton, John W.
Jones, Lawrence, Lay, Luke Lea, Love, Lyon, John Y.
Mason,Maury, McCarty. McCoina-, McKennan, Milligan,
Morgan, Ow.?n-=, James A. Pearce, Peyton, Reed, Ripley,
Robertson, William B. Shepard, Augustine H. Shepperd,
Spangler, Standefer, Storer, Taliaferro, Waddy Thomp.on,
Underwood, Vinton, Washington, White, Whittlesey,
Lewis Wlliams.Sherrod Williams,and Wise—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Barton, Bean, Boekee, Boon, Bovee,
Boyd, Brown, Burns, Cambreleng, Carr, Casey, Cltaney,
Chapman, Coffee, Connor, Craig, Cushman, Droingoole,
Effner, Fairfield, Farlin, William K. Fuller, Galbraith,
; Gillet, Glascock, Joseph Hall, [lamer, Hauncgan, Samuel
S.Harrison, Hawes, Hawkins, Haynes, Henderson, Hol-
sey,HubUy, fJuutingtan, Huntsmin, fngham, Jabez Jack-
son, Jarvis, Joseph Johnson, Richard M. Johnson, Cave
Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kennon, Kilgore, Kinnard,
Khngensmith, Lane, Lan-ing, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee,
Thomas Lea, Leonard, Logan, Job Mann, Martin, William
Mason, Moses Mason, May, McKay, MeKim, McLene,
Montgomery, Moore, Page, Parker, Parks, Patterson, Dutee
J. Pearce, Phelp-, John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, P.oane,
Schenek, Seymour, Sickles, Smith, Speight, Sutherland,
John Thomson, Towns, Tarner, Turrill, Vanderpoel,
Wagener, Ward, Wardwell, Webster, and Weeks—91.
So tie motion to suspend the rules was nega-
tived.
DEPOSITS OF THE PUBLIC MONEY.
'     Mr. PEYTON asked the unanimous consent
i of the House to Submit the following resolution:
I     Resolved, That the bill reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, entitled "A bill regulating the deposit
of the money of the United Stales in certain local banks,"
together with any amendments which may be offered to the
same, be made the special order of the day, and thai it have
precedence over all other bu-iness of the House from the
hour of one o'clock on the second Monday in May next,
and on each succeeding day, from the same hour, Fridays
and Saturdays excepted, until the «ame shall be finally dis-
posed of.
Mr. CAMBRELENG pledged himself to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Peyton,] that
he would take the earliest opportunity to call up
the bill referred to in the resolution.   He hoped,
¡ however, the House would make no more special
orders, until the appropriation bills were dis-
' posed of.
Objection being made by several members to
the reception of the resolution, Mr. Peyton
moved to suspend the rules to enable him to sub-
mit it, aud asked for the yeas and nays on the
motion; which were ordered, itid were—
YEAS —Messrs. Chilton Allan. Heman Allen, Ashley,
Bell, IJood, Briggs, Bunch, John Calhoon, William B. Cal-
houn, Carie-, John C.'iambars Ch Ids, N ithanial II. Clai-
borne, Clark,Corwin, Crane,Cushing,Darlington, Deberry,
Denny, Evans, Everett, Forester, French, Pililo C. Puller,
Granger, Graves,Gravson, Grennell, Griffin, Hnrd, Harlan,
Harper, Sauuel S. Harrison, Hoar, Howell, Huntsman,
Ingersoll, William Jackson, Janes, Jenifer, Henrv Johnson,
Lawrence, Lay, Luke Lea, Love, McCarty. McKennan,
Milligan, Jumes A. Pearce, Peyton, Reed, Robert-on,
Augustine H. Shepperd, Shields', Spangler, Standefer,
Storer,Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson, Turner, Underwood,
Vinton, Washington, White, Wnittlesey, Lewis Williams,
and Wise—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anthony, Barton, lleale. Bean,
Bovee, Boyd. Brown, Burns, Cambreleng, Carr, Casey,
Chancy, Coffee, Coles, Connor, "Craig, Cramer, Cushman,
