THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BHIR & RIVES.
Fir>t Seamos, 04th Congress.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1S3G.
Volume 3.. .No 21.
was a pmtn constitutional injunction. It was truly
said, that in the most popular reignsacts the most
dangerous to liberty were most eminent.
Dunn  the administration of Mr Jefferson,
General Wilkinson, in New Orleans, laid his
hands on three indiv iduals, citizens of the United
Slates, (Bollman, Swartwout, and Alexander,)
seizid them in their own houses, and tore thim
from ta tr families, without the authority of the
law, and sent them to Washington. Against
Alexander nothing appeared ; there was nothing
alleged as the slightest pretext for the act by
w Inch he was deputed of his liberty; but against
the other two, Bollmau and Swartwout, to use a
receñí phrase, there was some suspicion of com-
plicity between them and Mr. Burr. On an appli-
cation for a w nt of habrás corpus, Mr. Jefferson
wrote a letter, which was published by his grand-
son, statins that the issuing of the writ of habeas
corpus dept nded on each and every case in which
it vi as applied for If all the Jefftrsons, Masons,
Henrvs, and Washingtons on earth had signed
that letter, he (Mr L.) would stand up before
his country against it. After admitting General
Jackson's eminent military services to the coun-
try, he denied that it was the battle of the 8th of
January which entitled him to the greatest share
of credit as a ffreat soldier; it was the night
attack of the 33d of December which struck a
panic into the ranks of the enemy, and created a
cautiousness in the British that gave him time
to station the militia behind the cotton bags.
General Jackson had done more than suspend
the writ of habeas corpus. If he declared martial
law, w hich was the absence of all law but his
sole will, from an imperious necessity, he ought
to have been indemnified by an act of the Legis-
lature alone. He took upon himself to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus in the case of Judge
Fromentm. But his popularity in other respects
was such that it extmeuished, in the estimation
of the people, these unjustifiable acts
Under an impression of a eeneral panic and
scarcity, Lord Chatham ordertd the suspension
of the law by which the exportation of corn was
prohibited. When he came before the House of
Commons, he said he had a right to prohibit the
exportation of corn, and this was the only word
which ever fell from his lips which ever affected
his reputation as an English statesman and patriot.
Indeed he was told at the time by hi  sincerest
friends, and by the author of Junius in particular,
that it would hate been better for him to have
acknowledged his fault, and to have thrown him-
self upon the mercy of his country. "You have,"
said Junius, "assumed the aothonty to suspend
the law s of your country, and you ought to have
gone to Parliament and said, I did it in a time of
great and unusual scarcity, to save the people from
starvation, and I throw myself on your mercy
for pardon." Withoutgoing into the necessity of
Gr neral Jackson's proceedings, he would observe
that hf re were precedents established in 1806, and
followed in 1S14, by which the privilege of the
habeas corpus is held at the mere will and pleasure
of a military commander. Again, in the time of
profound peace, tins same officer took upon him-
self to suspend the writ of habeas corpus in refer-
ence to Judge Fromentin. And was it supposed
that the people of the United States, in twice elect-
ing him to the highest ofiice in their gift, approved
of tl.csi arbitral y proceedings' No: he trusted
in God it was not so; all this was only saying
that his distinguished merits and services far more
than counterbalanced all his faults. Nay more,
flu precedents for correcting a mistake in the
Journal, made on the motion of Mr. Randolph,
announcing the death of Mr. PiNKNEY,was cited
as a precedent for doing that figuratively which
they had no right to do in substance. As an
application to this, Mr. Leigh quoted the words
of Swift in substance, that statesmen ought
nevfr to be swayed so far by precedents as to
make the hast breach in the Constitution, by
which a thousand abuses might creep in. These
21
he said were the words of a tory, of a monarchist, |
but they w ere the words of a sage, which all Re- I
Íiublicaiis, all Democrats—he was surprised to
earn that Democrats and Republicans wire dif-
ferent—words which all Republicans would do
well to follow In committing breaches in the
Constitution, the people were the sufferer5!, the
constituted authorities wcie the instruments.
Those tor whom the trusts of Government were
exercised, were the first affected And who weie
they' Each and all of us (said Mr. L ) I hum-
bly apprehuid. He trusted in God that, when
he took the office ot Senator, he did not n hnquish
the far more valuable privilege of citizenship—
that he did not cease to be a citizen He claimed
for the whole Senate, ard claimed for himself,
the distinction of being an American citizen He
was absolutely astonished to hear gentkmen on
tint floor spiak of the Aniencan ptople as those
of whom they did not constitute a part The
monstrosity of the doctrine hid often shocked
him, w lule us absurdity sometimes excited his
mirth. He spoke of it in these terms, because
he heard of it almost every day. Sometimes,
God knew, he heard it with a disposition to laugh,
and sometimes he heard it with a feeling of re-
sentment.
We know not (said Mr. L.) how long we are
to hold these happv and glorious institutions; and
he declaied it as his deep and settled conviction,
that this Government is making the most rapid
strides to a civil monarchy that ever was made by
any Government in the world. Let it be well
understood, no free people that he had ever read
of in the histoiy of mankind, ever gave up their
free institutions by design or purpose to surrender
them. He suspected no man of a design to es-
tablish a monarchy in this country; but the dan-
ger was of establishing principles, and putting
into action particular causes, which might produce
consequences that those who set them to work
neverthought of. He would not pursue this sub-
iect further; but the argument of the gentleman
from Missouri, by which he sought to establish
the right to expunge from the Journals of the
Senate the resolution of March, 1834, required
some notice. The gentleman based his argument j
on the ground, that if the Senate had the compe- I
tonce to pass this resolution, they would have no .
competence to expunge it; but, as they had no I
competence to pass this resolution, he proposed
to expunge it, to show that they were wrong from
beginning to end, in assuming to themselves pow-
ers which the Constitution did not confer on them.
And the argument in support of this proposition
was, that the Senate was a judicial tribunal for
trial of all malfeasances in office, brought by the
House of Representatives; that no charge having
been made by the House, it had violated the Con-
stitution in assuming to itself the powers of the
House, and in proceeding to pass sentence with-
outa regular trial, without a hearing, and without
a judgment Now, looking at the resolution it-
self, it was simply the affirmance of a proposition,
that " the President, in his late executive proceed-
ings in relation to the revenue, has assumed upon
himself authority and power not conferred by the
Constitution and laws, but in derogation of both."
Not only was there no charge that the President
had done this willfully, or with intent to violate
the Constitution, but the utmost care was taken
to avoid anything of the kind; it was simply an
affirmation that his acts were not warranted by
the Constitution, but in derogation of it- and it
was inferred by the gentleman from Missouri,
that, to charge the President thus, wat to charge
him with an impeachable offense. The Senators
from Missouri and Virginia had both, as well as
himself, taken oaths to support the Constitution
of the United States. It was his opinion that, to
expunge the Journals, was a violation of that in-
strument. What then ' Did he mean to impute
to those gentlf men a willful violation of the Con-
stitution, and a violation of tber oaths' He
trusted that he did not.   Then, entertaining a dif-
ferent opinion from them on aconstitutionnl point,
he should be very much hurt to hear that they
supposed he meant to impugn their motives. The
history of his own country might teach him that
differences of opinion on the plainest points was
as old as the history of the world. But did the
Pn sident of the United States maintain that when
they charged him with "assuming powers not
warranted by the Constitution and laws," they
charged him with a criminal and willful violation
of the Constitution5 And, if he did so, did he
charge the Senate with a criminal and willful vio-
ation of their oaths'
Again, thejudgments of the Supreme Couft had
again and again been declared to be violations of
the Constitution His honorable colleague had
himself charged John Marshall and Ins associated
with having violated the Constitution Did it
ever enter into the brain of any man making such
charge, to charge, at the same time, a criminal
intent—to sav that they had been guilty of a
willful violation of the Constitution, and deserved
the hatred and contempt of the country > He was
surprised to hear, that in some of the charges
against Judge Chase, no allegation was made of
a criminal intent, but they all, with one excep-
tion, expressly made such charge. Mr L here
read over the various articles of impeachment
against Judge Chase, for the purpose of showing
that a criminal intent was charged in them afl
but one. He referred also to the impeachment
against Judge Pickenng, to show that cnminality
was then charged in the strongest terms. But it
was a little remarkable that, while the gentleman
fiom Missouri was contending that the charge
against the President was a criminal charge, he
refuted himself by showing how vague and in-
definite the charges were The gentleman, not
contented with repudiating these resolutions,
went back to the original resolutions, which the
Senate did not adopt, for the purpose of con-
demning those that they did adopt; and referred,
in terms of condemnation, to the speeches made.
on that floor, imputing to the President the worst
of actions. He was not here, and did not hear
those speeches; and though he took it on the
authority of the gentleman from Missouri, that
such imputations were used, yet he did not
remember to have read them in the written
speeches which came to him. All he meant to
say was, that, if he had thought that the resolu-
tions charged the President with a criminal intent
to violate the Constitution, he should not have
voted for them. But let us (said he) compare
the freedom of debate, in this republican country,
with the language held in the British House of
Lords. The President of the United States was
the Chief Magistrate, and, at the same time, the
Prime Minister of this country. He was not, as
in the case of the King of England, so constituted
that he could do no wrong, (a maxim, let it be
observed, in favor of liberty; for it fixed the
responsibility somewhere,) but he was the re-
sponsible agent. Well, then, Lord Chatham,
in the House of Lords, used this language: " I
assert, in the face of this House, that the Min-
isters have advised the King to utter a deliberate
falsehood'" And yet the freedom of debate
which had taken place there was made a source
of reproach, and we (said he) cannot speak of
oui Prime Minister in the language with which
the Ministers can be spoken of in the British
House of Lords. This was the fruit of the ser-
vices of that man who had, as was said of him,
done more to benefit mankind than any other
man in the tide of time. It would be apparent
(he said) that, if the Senate had no competence to
pass this resolution, they had not the competence
to discuss it; and, consequently, the conduct of
the President, no matter how unconstitutional
and dangerous to the liberties of the people, could
not in any manner be called in question, unless
the subject was brought betore them by impeach-
ment by the House of Rpresentatives; and fur-
ther, that no member of that House, if that
