322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
doctune prevailed, could even speak in terms of |
censure of the President, unless he was about to
brin" forwird aitides of impeachment for a
cnnvmal ofknsi Thus the Piesident must be
impeached, tried, and condtmned, before the
Señale, one of the constituted giuudians of the
liberties of the country, could express its disap-
probation of his conduct, how ver dangerous to
the I'berties ot the people. This was too much.
TJ.cy lnd got the President into a state of irre-
sponsibility only equal to that of the Grand
Seignor, and which, with the sole exception of
the autocrat Nicholas, was not known to any
Christian potentate of the age.
Mr. L., after pursuing this part of the subject
at some length, concluded bv quoting that part of
Mr. Bevto.v's speech hi which he said, if they
failed then, let them transmit and bequeath the
expunging resolution to the Democracy of the
country—to the aged sire, that he might hand it
down to his heir—to the young mother, that she
might teach her infant babe to suck in the aveng-
ing word expunge w ith the sustaining milk which
it draws fiom her bosom. As to the young
mothei who was to teach her infant child the
avenging word, he tiusted that the mother who
was to instill revenge into her child would bear
no mote children. It was the last thing that a
child should suck in, for the word was vengeance
and not justice; and he was convinced that the
gentleman from Missouri, no more than himself,
was willing that a son of his should be capable
of peiforming an act of vengeance.                          |
On motion by Mr BENTON, the resolution was
then laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
After making Mr. Clay's land bill the order i
of the day foi Monday next, the Senate went
into the consideration ot executive business; after
which it adjourned.                                                      I
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday , Jlpnl 5, 1836.
Mr. WHITTLESEY,from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Thomas W. Bacot; which was
read twice and committed.                                         I
Mr W.,from the same committee, made an |
adverse report upon the bill fi om the Senate for )
the relief of John McCartney, and moved that
the same be committed to a Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. CHAPMAN moved to refer the bill to the
Committee on Indian AfFans.
After a few lemaiks by Messrs. CHAPMAN
and WHITTLESEY, the motion of the latter
was agreed to.
Mr. BOON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of J obn Almond
and George Wolsey; which was read twice, and
ordered to be engrossed.                                             i
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on the Pub-
he Lands, reported a bill for the relief of George '
C. Willard, winch was read twice and committed.
Mr. P. C. FULLER, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Allen R.
Moore; which was read twice and committed
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, íeportcd a bill supplementary
to the act establishing a mint, and regulating the
coins of the United Suites, which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the same commit- '
tee, reported, without amendment, the bill from
the Senate authorizing the Secietary of the
Treasury to compiomiso the claim of the United
States against tiie Alleghany Bank of Pennsylva-
nia; which was committed.
Air. FORESTER, fiom the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Elias Johns;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, fiom the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, íeported a bill for the re-
lief of the legal representatives of John Jordan,
deceased; which was read twice and committed.
Mi. McKIM, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill for the relief of James
W. Osboine, of Baltimore; which was read twice
and committed.
Unfavorable leports upon various petitions
were made by Messrs. WHITTLESEY and
GRENNELL, from the Committee on Claims,
and Mr. TOUCEY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Messrs ADAMS and LEWIS, on leavp, pie-
sented sevtial petitions, which wcic refened.
Mr ADAMS pit sented certain resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Massachusetts, in
reference to the northeastern boundary of the
United States; which were laid on the table, and
ordered to be punted.
On motion by Mr. LEWIS, it was
Resoli ed. Th-it the Committee on the Post Office and
Post lloids be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot
e-tabhshmg the lollouing pONtrouKs in Alabama Trom
Tu--kagee, in Macon count), to Monticello, in Pike count),
and from thmce to the court ho'i-e of Dale countv , tiom
Mannin ham Post Orhce,in Butlercountv, via Mount Will-
ing, to Haynesvillc, in Lowndes count), and fiom thence by
Graves a Ferry, to Washington, in Autauga county; trom
Mount Willing, in Lowndes county, Ma Maule's «tore, to
Benton, and trom thence to Selma, in Dallas count) , trom
Montgomery, and alona the mam Patsnlagsa road to the
nearest and most convenient point on the route now run-
ning Irom Greenvdie to Gaines's store, in Pike county, fiom
Mount Meig~,m Montgomery county,to Carter's sto'e, and
from thence, the be~t route to Hijnesville, in Lowndes
counU ; from Havnesville, \ ía Hickory Grove, to the nearest
and most convenient point on the road trom Montgomery to
Patsalagga, and from thence to the nearest and most con-
venient point on the route from "Monticello, m Pike county,
to Gaines's store, in said count)
SUFFERERS BY NEW YORK FIRE.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill amendatory of the act
for the relief of the sufferers by the fire in the
city of New York, which was read twice.
Mr. S remarked that the bill met the unani-
mous assent of the committee, and was intended
to supply an omission in the former act, so as to 1
confine or limit its operation to bonds given prior
to the fire. The act to which the present bill was i
an amendment was similar in its terms to the acts
of 1803-'4, and 1807, granting relief on account
of fire. The first section provided for " all bonds
heretofore given," which would apply not only to
bonds executed prior to the 16th December, 1835,
as was intended, but to those given prior to the
passage of the acton the 19th March, 1836. This
would have the effect to grant indulgence upon
bonds for upwards of a million of importations,
which was not intended by the passage of the
act. He was instructed to move that the bill be
engrossed and read a third time, as it was ím-
poitant that it should pass both Houses as eaily
as possible.
Mr. ADAMS wished to know, before the pass-
age of this bill, whether the Committee of Ways
and Means, who reported it, had considered the
principles involved in it, before they reported it
to the House. If he was not mistaken, it was
what might be called an export facto bill, and if
pasred, would be an ex post jacto law. If he un-
derstood itanght, it took away from a poition of
the citizens of the United States, vested lights—
rights to property. How for it was prudent or
discreet in Congress to pass a law to give to citi-
zens of the United States benefits to which they
were not entitled, was not now the subject of
consideiation; but the present bill seemed to give
sanction to a principle not very conformable to
the character of our laws, and he, for his part,
considered the piecedent somewhat dangerous.
He hoped the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means would ínfoim the House of
the chaiactei of the bill,
Mr. CAMBRELENG stud, the bill was tn
strict conformity to laws of a similar character
passed in 1803, 1804, and 1807. He had copied
from the act of 1803, and the present bill was pie-
cisely in the woids of that act. The intention of
the committee was not to give the benefit of the act
to bonds executed up to its passage. The sub-
ject was now before the House, and it would be
for it to determine as to the propriety of the pass-
age of the law.
Mr. ADAMS hoped the bill might not be read
a third time now, so that an opportunity might
be affoidcd of examining into the nature of it;
because he had doubts whether it should pass.
It certainly appeared to him to be in the charac-
ter of an ex post Jacio law, because it took away
rights vested by a foimer act of Congress; and
if the House did pass it, the courts might decide
that it was an unconstitutional law, and declare it
null and void. He hoped the bill would be com-
mitted, and take the ordinary course.
' Mr. SMITH said, the original law had not yet
I taken effect in a single instance, and if this law
was passed immediately, tt might bt that it would
bt in time to prevent the original law fiom apply
mg to those cases, which it was d< sired to pie-
vent. He did not think that the principle of
vested rights would apply to the present law, be-
cause it was a mero gratuity of the Government,
and being a gratuity, he considered that they
might modify it in such a way as to prevent the
Government fiom having money taken from it,
which never was intended to be taken fiom it.
The relief bill was a giatuity in which Congress
had overstepped their own intention; and before
that act took effect, they proposed to modify it in
such way as not to go beyond what was intended
But if the passage of the bill was to be delayed,
it certainly would be useless, and some would
receive the benefit of the original law who did not
ask relief, and the effect would be to confer for-
tunes on those who had never asked it of you.
Mr. BR1GGS hoped the bill would not be read
a third time to-day. It seemed to him that the
principles involved in the bill would require more
consideration than could be given to it on the mo-
ment of its being reported. He had inquired of
one who he thought  should be likely to know,
and he thought the probability was that some of
the bonds had already been extended. If that
was the case, he should like to be informed what
the position of the Government would be towards
those debtors. The Government had passed a
law authorizing an extension of those bonds, and
now this bill provided that extension should not
be made. He conceived that this was a speci-
men of legislation which called for a little more
reflection than they could give to it to-day, there-
fore, he hoped it would not be ordered to a third
reading at present.
Mr. MERCER did not consider that the clause
in the Constitution, which related to ex post facto
laws applied to any other than criminal laws.
Some years past (Mi. M. said) thcie had been a
pension law passed, which it wasafterwaids dis-
covered would take an immense amount of money
from the Treasury. A law was thereupon passed
limiting the extent of the original law, and he
never heard any objection raised to that law on
the ground of its being an ex post Jacto law.
Mr. CUSHING believed his colleague [Mi.
Adams] was under a misapprehension in íefer-
ence to that clause in the Constitution in relation
to ex post facto laws. Those words applied only
to penal statutes, and not to legislation, affecting
the rights of individuals; and if that was the gen-
tleman's only objection to the present bill, he did
not deem it of such great consideration as his col-
league apprehended.
Mr. SPEIGHT said it appeared clear to him
that Congress had the right to pass the bill. It
intended merely to confine the provisions of a
law which had not yet taken effect, and he ap-
pealed to the House to say, whether the bill
should not be passed immediately, so that it
should take effect at the same time of the original
law.
Mi. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky, thought
gentlemen to be consistent, ought not to support
this bill. They had furnished a gieat capital to
citizens of New York to trade upon, and to act
consistently, should allow them to have the full
benefit of that law. Those bonds which had al-
ready been ext. nded, he considered could not be
affected by the piesent bill; therefore he doubted
whether there was any necessity for its passage.
But as he considered the merchants of New Yoik
would derive sufficient benefit from the bill, the
passage of the piesent bill might be of some ser-
vice.
Mr. ADAMS said he was peifectly well aware
that the clause in the Constitution which related
to ex post facto laws was only considered by the
courts to apply to criminal statutes. He was
awaie,also, which, pcihaps,lus colleague [Mr.
Cushinc] and the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Mercer] were not, that there was no provision
in the Constitution prohibiting Congiess fiom
passing an ex post facto law. He did not suppose
that Congress was piohibited fiom doing so. He
used the word in its general sense, that it should
not pass a law which would have a retrospective
effect. He considered the bill under consideration
