1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
of that character, because the effect of it was to
take nwav rights from citizens of the United
S:at. s, winch they had be, n vested with by a
fomvr act. If the bill was to be passed, he hoped
i: would be am i J- d in such manner as not to
uk- awav right-* from the people which they
had a'r. aily eonfi nvd upon them. The gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Mercer] had furnished
a prect-ilen: «inch lv> hoped never would be
brought up as a precedent again, because it was
on. of the most unjust acts ever passed by Con-
gress; an act by which a large body of the pen-
sioners of the revolutionary war, after having by
former acts of Congress received pensions for
some two or three years, had them taken away
from them by a subsequent act, because they
were not actually starving. There was before
t)i" House a: this time, a proposition to remedy
that very evil, for an evil it was, and he regretted
that the" i'litleman fromVirginia,was under the
necessity of introducing it as a precedent for any
act of justice. That very law had deprived those
pensioners of their rights, although they had
served in the revolutionary war of the country;
and the proposition now before Congress, was
for the purpose of rendering justice to those vet-
erans from whom that bill had taken their bread;
and he hoped before the end of the present ses-
sion, that justice would be done those persons.
He hoped tiiat act would never again be produced
as a precedent, unless it was for something which
was to be avoidid. As gentlemen were anxious
for th" passage of the bill, if it was amended as
he had suggested, he would not oppose it.
Mr. MERCER said the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Adams] was certainly under a
mistake in relation to there being no clause in the
Constitution, declaring that Congress should not
pass an tx post futo law. Mr. M. read the clause
from the Constitution, and said that although he
had not voted for the pension law alluded to, yet
he considered the act a perfectly just one.
Mr. WISE here called for the orders of the
day; but the House refused to proceed to the
orders of the day.
Mr. EVERETT was opposed to the immediate
passage of the bill, as there were certain points
he wished to investigate before he should vote for
it, connected with the bonds that fell due before
the passage of the original bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, advocated the
speedy passage of the bill. If there were any
bonds which had been extended they would have
to remain; but he hoped, if the bill was speedily
passed, that it would go into effect before there
were any extensions made. Upon this consider-
ation, he hoped the House would lose no time in
passing the bill.
The motion to commit was negatived, and the
bill was ordered to be engrossed; when it was
read the third time and passed.
[The foregoing biil was subsequently returned
from the Senate, having passed that body,and was
enrolled and signed by the Speaker of the House.]
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. SEVIER asked the unanimous consent of
the House to permit him to submit a resolution
setting apart one hour each day, on Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday, (from twelve to one
o'clock,) for the purpose of considering local bills
relating to the Territories.
Objection being made, Mr. SEVIER moved to
suspend the rule for the purpose indicated; which
was negatived.
DEPOSIT BANKS—R. It. WHITNEY.
Mr. WISE again asked the consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
Retoived, That a select committee be appointed, with
power to «end lor persons and papers, to inquire into the
agency or mode of selecting the banks of deposit for the
puMie money, and into the contracts with the Treasury
Department, by whieh they are regulated, and into the
manner in which, and the persons by whom web contracto
are made; and to inquire whether any, and if any, what
conn ction or relation, official or unofficial, exists, or has
exited, between a certain Reuben M. Whitney and the
Treasury Department of the United States, or between him
and the bank* of deposit of the public money; and into the
extent of his agency generally in keeping and controlling
die public money; and into the amount of his compensa-
tion, whether the ¡¿aine be paid out of the public Treasury,
or by the deposit baaks, and that said committee have leave
to report by bill or otherwise.
Objection being made, Mr. WISE moved to
suspend the rules, and called for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and were—yeas 80;
nays 91.
bo the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. WISE gave notice that he would renew
the request from day to day, until it was clearly
demonstrated that more than one third of the
House was opposed to the proposed inquiry.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the
House, pursuant to the special order of the 26th
of January, resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hamer
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice of the United States for the year 1831!.
The question pending was the motion by Mr.
Bell, of Tennessee, to strike out the appropri-
ation of $67,000 for the improvement and neces-
sary repair  of the navy-yard at Portsmouth,
New Hampshire.
Mr. ROBERTSON", who wa3 entitled to the
floor, addressed the House at length. He avowed
himself to be in favor of liberal appropriations
for public works, so long as they were confined
within the limits of the necessities or exigencies
of the country; but he was at a loss to perceive
the reason for the large increase that had taken
place in the public expenditure. In 1828 the ap-
propriation of some ten or twelve millions was
thought to be most exorbitant; we had now risen,
in 1836, and during the state of profound peace,
to twenty-three millions, besides a large amount
of unexpended balances. He remarked that the
propositions for new works, by the General Gov-
ernment, were particularly objectionable at this
time, because they would tend to increase the de-
mand for labor, which was required for the numer-
ous works of internal improvement in which the
States, especially the South and the West, had
embarked. With regard to the surplus revenue,
something must be done. The Secretary of the
Treasury had submitted a plan, proposing a dis-
tribution of about $30,000,000 of it. Mr. R.
then read the various statements and estimates
from that Department for the current year. He
inquired what should be done with the surplus?
It could not all be expended in public works. In-
ternal improvements would not do, for that had
been pursued already to the ruin of the southern
people, and by the present Administration, too,
for he was prepared to prove they had carried it
to a greater extent than any former one, in spite
of all that had been said to the contrary by his
honorable colleague, [Mr. Garland.] The object
had been to increase Federal pnt-onage by extend-
ing its foothold to the States, in the erection of
custom-houses and otherpublic works, requiring
officers of various kinds. Another scheme of the
present party was a proposition to open rights of
way for canals and railroads, under the pretense
of transporting the mail thereon. This was only
another opening scheme for expending the peo-
ple's money, for it required no more to transport
the mail over the new facilities than by the old
plan. He was opposed to this mode [Mr Grün-
dt's] of disposing of the surplus revenue.
He was likewise opposed to retaining it in its
present depositories, where 8800,000 of the pub-
lic money was deposited in a single bank (in Mich-
igan) possessed of a capital of only about one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars; or of giving
a single city (New York) the advantage of using
a large proportion of it for her exclusive benefit,
by which she realized a clear annual profit of from
five hundred to six hundred thousand dollars. He
did not desire to see the United States Treasury
converted into a great loan office. But if they had
the power to loan out, why not lend it to the
States, either with or without interest? If they
had the constitutional power to do this, surely
there was no constitutional objection to the other,
either to surrender or loan it. He would distrib-
ute it, at least the proceeds of the public lands,
directly to the States from which it had been
drawn. In favor of this disposition of it, he quo-
ted the authority of General Jackson, in one of
( his messages, who recommended that mode of
,; distribution, not only of the surplus proceeds of
j Í the public lands, but of the entire surplus revenue,
11 from whatever source derived.
i Mr. R. did not believe the President had changed
his opinion on the subject at this time; certainly
none of his subsequent messages controverted
that recommendation; and he read various ex-
tracts therefrom, and commented thereon. He
could not, they had no right to anticipate a veto
to such <i proposition, since it was in direct ac-
cordance with the President's message of 1829.
Mr. It. then cited the Virginia act of cession of
the Western Territory, and argued upon it to
show that a fair construction of that law proved
that Virginia contemplated such a distribution, in
her independent and sovereign character, of the
proceeds of that cession. That it was a trust
fund, placed for a given or specified time at the
disposal of the Federal Government for a speci-
fied object. He then read an extract from the
President's veto message on Mr. Clay's land
bill, and commented thereon at length. He main-
tained that Congress bad no power to reduce the
price of the public lands, because they held it
merely as a trustee. The States themselves alone
had the power to surrender or abandon them, but
the General Government possessed not that power,
or what was equivalent to it, the power to reduce
their price to any given standard. He denied that
his scheme would reduce the States to the charac-
ter of mendicants or suppliants to the General
Government, but the effect of a scheme of inter-
nal improvements would be, that those States
which stood, not like Virginia, upon their consti-
tutional integrity, would accept it, and the others
reject it. The operation would be partial, and
the whole surplus revenue in this way would be
expended for the exclusive benefit of the North
and West, which would not refuse it. He then
adverted to the remarks of Mr. Garland, in vin-
dication of the Administration on the subject of
internal improvement, and reiterated the charge
that more money had been expended on such
objects by it than by all the others that had gone
before it, and double what had been so expended
by the extravagant one that immediately preceded
it. He read a series of tabular statements in proof
of this. In the administration of Mr. Madison
$216,000 were appropriated for internal improve-
ments; in Mr. Monroe's $346,000; in Mr. J. &.
Adams's $1,040,000, and in the first four years
of General Jackson's administration $2,768,000,
more than twice the amount expended by the
Administration that had been pursued with the
; vengeance of the present party.    The inequality
, of the disbursement was equally remarkable.
I In a series of years there had t>een expended in
Maine $155,000, in New York $446,000, in Mas-
sachusetts $355,000, in Delaware $604,000, in
Ohio $859,000; while during the same period Vir-
ginia had received the pitiful sum of eighty dol-
lars, and Kentucky and South Carolina not one
dollar. He pursued this argument at some length.
There had been, altogether, during the period he
referred to, appropriated for internal improve-
ments by the General Government, $4,372,345,
out of which the States of Virginia, North Car-
olina, Georgia, South Carolina, and Kentucky
had received only $60,000—the first only eighty,
and the last two nothing. He recurred again to
the subject of the public lands, and the present
mode of disposing of them, to which he objected.
By this mode a fair price was not obtained for
them.    No more should be offered for sale than
, what were required for actual settlement. Though
he opposed the latitudinarian doctrine of internal
improvement, and contended that neither the
General Government could expend money for that
object, nor loan the public money to the States to
do it, yet he maintained that the States could so
expend their own money. This was the doctrine
he contended for.
He then adverted to the subject of executive
patronage, and the inconsistency of the present
Administration in not carrying out their former
professions on this subject. Whore, also, were
the evidences of their economy ? In what depart-
ment, either in the number of officers, or in the
amount of their compensation, had they carried
out one of their former pledges ? He then read
various extracts from the report of the retrench-
ment committee in 1828, and contrasted it with
1 the present expenditures of the executive branches
of the Government.   In 1829 two bills were re-
il ported, one to restrict the expenses of Congress,
