324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
the other containing i pi in of deduction These
bills tin n t nl cl, and n >thing hid been since heard
o't'i.m ThtiHoMms , 1P,s ,r, s lu i. ubed
«¡lolM'llierniiinrur Hi then utenet
n the Post Oth e Di p« n< nt An inquiiy hid
be naminpud in 1-31 oí W2, but not by the
ilV ui pouti. tot tluv opposed it
s oi dt
\.n nivcs
nd i* It-i in nievas, not of the
pan
UfltlOl) VV 1
Vchiini stntion partv , but ot thi opposition, and
two i io"- "ir<- nr,u • ' XP°-U1- thc abus s of
that DÍpiifmnt, an 1 the í.m. dv, was usistcd
In the impnti Hi also nfnud toa vaucty
oí cas s torn hid m tho-t repoijs, of tvianmcal
and ai utraiv iemo\ il fiom office, and to the
proceedi ígs ol 'h two Houses on the bill of the
last session tor the oiganization of the Post Of-
fice Departnn nt Tint bill piss d the Senate
nnanimoush , w as si nt to the House, lefeired to
the standing committee on the subject, which re-
portid a substitute, ind then- the whole subject
was at an e id, nothing moie was luard of that
bill in t n House This gross nc elect he charged
to the majoutv of the Democratic party, and he
was lompi lied to the beln f that thcie would be
no efficient action on it during the piescnt ses
Sinn.
Mr  R dwelt at some length upon the manner
in which appointments had been made during the
present Vdmimstration,and quoted General Jack
son b leuei to Mr   Monioe on that subject.    He
remaiked that one part of that letter had bien
earned out, namelj , that which recommended no
party to be consulted     General Jackson did not
consult party.    No mattei what a man's princi-
ples weie, if a Federalist of the deepest dye, so
long as he called himself a Jackson man, he might
piocuie an appointment to office     This was the
go.ernmg principle of the present Administration
niitsappointmen's,a pnnciple calculated to make
them all sycophants and  man-worshipers      It
was the devotion to a king.   Mr  R also referred
toGeneralJackson'slettei to the Tennessee Legis-
lature, the sentiments of which, he contended,
exhibited a direct contrast to the acts of his Ad-
ministration    In connection vvith this heiecurred
to the case of a Speaker of that House, [Mr
Stevevson,] who satin the chan with the piom-
lse of a high and lucrative appointment in his
pocket, and after his rejection by the Senate the
place was kept vacant, and the public business
neglected, till his nomination could be affirmed by
that body.
Mr R. then drew a parallel between the con-
duct of the Senate and of that House in expedi-
ting the public business of the country. They
had parsed many important measures which were
demanded by the country, such as the custom
house bill, tne judiciary bill, the patent bill, the
post office organization bill, the Ohio and Mich-
igan boundary, the bill pioviding for the safe-
keeping of the public deposits, the executive
patronage bill, all of which had been suffered to
die by the majority in that House. Mr R. here
gave way to
Mr STORER, who moved that the committee
rise, but withdrew it at the request of
Mr. CAMBRELENG, who remarked that he
merely wished to make an appeal to the House
He was very much gratified yesterday, when the
gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr RobertsovI ob-
tained the floor, and he listened to him to day,
and should listen to him to-morrow, with great
pleasure.    His object, then, was to make a sug-
gestion     Theie were many gentlemen,like him-
self, who wished to be heard on the subject of
the surplus revenue and the public expenditure,
but the public business had suffi red so much from
the delay consequent on the discussion upon a
mere ordinary appropriation bill, that he hoped
the House would now see the necessity of coming
to some conclusion on them at once     For that
reason, he intended to waive his own right to
address the House on this bill, as it was designed
upon the Army bill to bring in an extraordinaiy
appropriation of a million of dollars, which would,
of itself, open the whole of these questions, and,
he thought, present a more proper occasion to go
into an enlarged field of debate upon the public
expenditure, and the surplus revenue, than the
bill then under consideration.    He begged then
to inform the House that he was instructed that
morning by the Committee of Ways and Means,
that, if there was little piospect of thc discussion '
on that bill termin itin<r in some way or other to- '
moriow, to move to discharge the Committee of
the Whole fiom its fuithei considciation, and,
bring it into the House Looking, then, to the
londition of the Navy, whuh would, in a few
days, be without a dollai of money, he earnestly
and confidently appealed to gentlemen on all sides
to waive, as he should do himself, all furthei dis
cushion He pledged himself to bung forwaid
the Army bill si oitly,and to make a motion con
neeted with it vv inch w ould open the whole ques-
tion He, theiefoie, again appealed to gentlemen
on all sides that, aftei the gentleman fiom Vir-
ginia should conclude his remarks to-morrow,
they would at once permit the question to be
taken on the proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr Beil,] so that this ordinary
appropriation hill might be brought into the
House, and passed in some foim or other
Mr. STORER rose and itmaiked that he gave
way for a hint, and not for a speech. He íe-
newed thc motion that the committee rise
Mi PEYTON vv ished to vsk the gentleman a
single question It was this whether he was
authorized by his "paity " to bring up another
question that would open this whole debate'
Mi C4.MBRCLEN& would only state that,
on this occasion, he was acting as the oigan of the
Committee of Ways and Me ins, not of his party
only, but of the gentleman's paitj also
Mr. PEYTON. I do noi belong to your
party
Mr CAMBRELENG added that it was the
unanimous wish of the members of the Commit-
tee of Wajs and Means If the gentleman fiom
Tennessee belonged to that party who w l hed to
delay the ordinal y appropriation bills of the coun-
try, then there vv as no numb r of the gentleman's
pait) in the Committi e of Waj s and Means, for,
though the members of that committee were not
all of thc same paitv, there was no division of
opinion among them on this subject.
Mr THOMPSON, of South Carolina, would
suggest to the gen'leman from New York, that,
if he w ould withdraw the r xtraordmary appro-
priations fiom this bill, it need not be longer de-
laved. He would recommend the gentleman to
consent to their being stricken out, and he might
introduce them in a s párate bill
Mr CAMBRELENG replied, that the items
in question amounted altogether to no more than
$300,000
Thc committee then rose and reported.
Mr. EVANS moved an adjournment.
Mr. HANJNEGAN asked for the yeas and
nays on the  motion     He thought one speech
should not take up more time than one day.
The yeas and nays were ordered, when Mr.
EVANS withdrew his motion to adjourn.
Mr. ADAMS thanked the gentleman for with-
drawing his motion. Foi some time past the
House had been in the habit of adjourning be-
tween thiee and four o'clock. The leason of
this was, that gentlemen in Committee of the
Whole would go on with their speeches, until
they became exhausted, and amotion would then
be made that the committee use, and therefore
the House would adjourn In consequence of
this practice, one gentleman had occupied the
House four days, on a motion to strike a few
thousand dollars from the navy bill, a matter in-
considerable in itself. He hoped the House
would now take up and consider such business
on the Speaker's table as would not occasion de-
bate, but which was really as important business
as any other.
Mr. STORER then moved to suspend the rule,
for the  puipose of considering bills upon the
Speaker's table, on their third reading, which
was agieed to—ayes 83, noes 38.
Mr. WISE moved that the House adjourn.
Mr   HANNEGAN asked for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered, and were—yeas 41,
nays 91
So the House refused to adjourn
Mr WISE said, as the scats were not much
more than half filled, he would move a call of the
House, and asked for the yeas and nays on the
motion, which were not oidered
i     The motion was then negatived.
BILLS PASbER.
The following bills were then read the third
tune and passed
A bill for the lehef of Tobias Druai,
\ bill to renew the gold med il struck and pre-
sented to Gencial Moigan, in honor of the battle
of the Covvpens,
A bill for the relief of Jacob F  Walter,
A bill fm the lehef of Gaetano Canw ,
\ bill fiom the Senate foi tin relief of Hemy
B Tyler, cxccutoi of Colonel Richaid Smith,
deceased ,
A bill for the relief of Robert McJimsey, sur-
viving paitner of Jackson and McJimsey ,
A bill foi the relief of Robert Dickey, of New
York ,
A bill for the relief of John Frazer & Co , of
Charleston, South Carolina ,
A bill for the relief of James Robertson, of
South Carolina ;
A bill foi the relief of Thankful Randall,
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Mays ,
A bill for thc relief of James Tucker and John
Judge,
A bill to authorize the President of the United
States to cause to be issued to Albeit G Smith,
and others, patents foi certain reservations of
land in Michigan Territory ,
A bill for the relief of Francis R. Theobald ;
and
A bill for the relief of Benjamin F  Stone.
On motion by Mr. LEWIS, the House then,
at five o'clock, p. m , adjourned.
IN SENATE
Wednesday, April 6, 1836.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, presented several peti-
tions on the subject of the location of the Cum-
berland road, which were lefeired to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported a bill to amend the act supple-
mental y to the act for the relief of the surviving
officers and soldiers of the revolutionary ai my ;
which was read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, repoited a bill authorizing the
location of a section of land for a school in
Mississippi, which was read and ordered to a
second reading.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. ROBINSON submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to cau e
to be made out and laid before the Senate, during the first
two week  of the next session of Conzre ->, a «tatt ment of
the cost, per mile, of that part of the Cumberland road
we t of the Ohio river which u contemplated, al-o, a state
ment of the co-tof making «aid road per mile, in the States
of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, dominating the cost per
mile, in each State, of grading, bridging, and macadamiz
ing, and, if necessary for full information upon the subject,
to have turther examination made as to the quality, quan-
tity, and convenience of the materials for constiuetionof
said road
The resolution of Mr Hendricks, directing
an inquiry into the expediency of gianting lands
to the staff of the revolutionary army, came up;
when Mr Linn submitted thc following amend-
ment*
"And also into the expediency of embracing in the grant
the officers and soldier  who served as volunteers under
Colonel George Jloger  Claike, at the capture of kaskas-
kias and Cahokia, and at the siege and capture of \ meen
nes, and al&o to the officers and soklicis who served under
thc same commander in the campaign  against Chilhcothe
town and Piqua Plains "
The amendment was concuned in, and the res-
olution, as amended, was adopted.
TREATY WITH THE CHICKASAW INDIANS.
On motion by Mi. WHITE, the bill prov iding
for carrying into effect the treaty with the Chick-
asaw tribe of Indians, was taken up and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole; and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill to increase the salary of the principal
clerk employed in the office of the Adjutant and
Inspector General; and
The bill for the relief of Robert Abbott and
the other heirs of James Abbott, deceased, were
severally read a thud time and passed
