1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
COMMISSIONER OF LOANS.
On motion by Mr. "WRIGHT, the bill from the
House to repeal so much of the act entitled " An
act traiteftrnng the dutns of Commissioners of
Loans to the B\nk of tin United States, and
ab ) ishing the oñVi of Commissioner of Loan*,
as r quirt •= tne b.ui'v of the United States to per-
form i In dutii s of Commissioner of Loans for the
s^eral Situs," was carried through its se\eral
stages and passed.
REDUCTION OF DUTIES.
On motion by Mr. KNIGHT, the bill to repeal
the duties on certain articles, and to reduce those
on others therein enumerated, was taken up and
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
ordered to a third reading.
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The following bills were severally read the
second time, and consul' red as in Committee of
the Whole, and ordered *o be engrossed for a third
reading:
The bill to authorize *he issuing of letters patent
to John Howard Ryan, a subject of the King of
Great Britain; and
The bill for the relief of Henry Wainwnght, of
Boston.
INCFÍTOIARY PUBLICATIONS.
The bill to prevent the circulation through the
mails of incendiary publications, was taken up
as the special order.
Mr. CALHOUN briefly explained the provi-
sions of the bill, and moved to fill up the first
blank with $100, and the second blank with $1,000;
which motion was agreed to.
[These sums apply to the penalty imposed on
the deputy postmasters for a violation of the law,
being a fine of not less than f 100, and not more
than $1,000 ]
Mr. DAVIS said this was a very important
bill, and ought not to be acted on without some
deliberation. He had hoped some gentleman
would have been prepared to deliver his views at
length upon it. As for himself, he was not now
prepared to speak on it. He would move to post-
pone it for the present.
Mr. GRUNDY observed that he had lately
turned his attention to the subject, and approved
of the principles of the bill, though he did not
think it altogether calculated to effect the objects
it had in view. If the gentleman from ¡south
Carolina would consent to a postponement for
two or three days, he should then be prepared to
offer some amendments that he thought would be
satisfactory to the gentleman, and would answer
the purpose intended; his duties in the committee
of which he was chairman preventing him from
attending to the subject sooner. Mr. G., after
further consideration, and a suggestion from Mr.
Calhoun, assented to the postponement till to
morrow, and the bill was accordingly so post-
poned.
Mr. DAVIS did not know that he would or
would not address the Senate on the subject, but
if he did he should want it laid over longer than
till to-morrow.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, the Senate took up
the bill from the House to suspend the operation
of the second proviso in the third section of the
act making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
1835; and the bill was, by unanimous consent,
earned through its different stages, and passed.
PENSION APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the Senate took
up the bill making appropriations for the pay-
ment of the revolutionary and other pensioners
of the Government for the year 1836. The ques-
tion being on the following amendment submitted
by Mr. Benton:
Bec-------ind he a further enacted, That no bank note of
lew denomination thaa twenty dolían «ball hereafter be
offered in payment in any case whatsoever in which monev
is to be paid by the United State  or the Post Office Depart-
ment; nor shall any bank note, of any other denomination
be so offered, nnles  the same «hall be payable and paid on
demand, in gold or silver coin, at the place where issued   i
and which shall not be equivalent to specie at the place '
where offered, and convertible into gold or silver upon the
«■not, at the wiH of the holder, and without delay or loss to
him,
Mr. NILES submitted the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
That here ifter no b ink note of less denomination than
ten dollars, and that from and altor the M dav of March,
v D l^JT. no bank note ot le«s denomination than twenty
doinr-, -.hall b offend inpayment in am en«e w hat«oe\ er
in whuh iimnti is to be pint bv the United States or the
Pc~t Otfice Dipartment, nor shall an> bank note ot anv
denomination be so onVrtd unlow tin ume ah ill be pi>
able, and p «id on dimitid, in ¡¡old or-il\(rioin,atthe placa
w hi re l—iu d, and \\ Inch «hall not he equiv «lent to specie
at the place where ottered, and toiwertihle into gold or
silv i r upon the «pot, at the w ill of the holder, and without
dela\ or los« to him
Mr. NILES, after submitting his amendment,
explained at some length the nature and effect of
it. He said, in the present state of things, the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Bevtov] might operate too suddenly) and, in
effect, produce a sort of panic; and he had offered
his amendment with a view to give more time,
and to effect the object more gradually.
Mr. WHITE approved most highly of the
objects of the bill, but thought, if there was any
defect in it, it consisted in there being no penalty
imposed on the officers or agents of the Govern-
ment for disobeying the law .
Air BENTON most cordially concurred with
the Senator from Tennessee. He had turned over
the subject in his own mind, and had not inserted
a penalty in the bill, partly because he was un-
willing to embarrass a measure which he had so
much at heart, and partly because he knew that
the officers of the Army would be subject to the
rules and articles of war if they disobeyed the
injunctions of the bill, for its provisions would be
sent to them with instructions from the War De-
partment But he was heartily willing,and would
warmly and cordially concur in inserting the
penalty that the disobedience of the officer shall
be followed by a dismissal from the service. He
knew that great oppressions had been practiced
by officers on laborers and others who could not
help themselves. The main stress of the amend-
ment (said Mr. B.) lies in the last clause of the
amendment—that is, in making our maik at $20,
and which goes to cut off every bank note which
is not payable in gold and silver upon the spot.
This would be of incalculable benefit to the sol-
dier, who could not leave his post to get uncurrent
paper exchanged. Gentlemen might say that this
amendment was to carry gold and silver to the
soldiers. He said, God grant that it might. The
largest payments to the Army were made in the
West; and there were three paymasters there—
Major Massias, Major Stewart, and Major Har-
ney—who determined to carry nothing to the
soldiers but gold and silver, and that equivalent
to it; and they did carry it, and the beneficial
effects were soon discovered. The largest sum
that was carried was carried by MajorHarney.
He earned about $40,000, $10,000 of which was
in gold; and he did it without any expense to the
United States. AH he had to do was to make a
requisition on the next military post for baggage
wagons and a guard: and he was informed by
that officer that there was a general rejoicing in
the camp when he arrived there with the money.
There was but one rueful countenance to be seen,
and that was of the sutler, who complained that
if that practice was continued he would be ruined;
that formerly, when payments were made to the
soldiers, they rushed to him in crowds with their
bank notes; but that now they would keep the
gold and silver, instead of spending it in drink
and other superfluities. He believed that under
this provision nothing but gold and silver would
be carried to the outer military posts. If the
Senator from Tennessee would suggest an amend-
ment to suit his views, he would heartily concur
in it.
Mr. WHITE spoke in favor of pensions being
paid in specie, and that it was of more import-
ance that their interests should be subserved in
this matter than even the soldiers of the Army.
That class of them who received their forty-eight
dollars were, of all things, most glad to receive
the specie. He was, on the whole, content with
the amendment of the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Nile .)
The question was here taken on Mr. Niles 's
amendment, and it was adopted—yeas 22, nays
13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton,  Brown,  Calhoun,  Grundy,
Hendricks, Hill, Hubbard, King of Alaban*, Leigh, Linn,
I McKcan, Morns Nicholas, Niles, Pnrter, Robinson, Ru«-
gle-, Shepley, Tomlin nn, V\ alker, White, and Wright—99.
\ AYS—Messrs   Black, Clay, Davio,  Ewlng of Ohio,
Kent, Kingot Georgia. Knight, Mangum,Moon.,Naudain1
Prentiss, Kobbius, and Swilt— la
Mr. CLAY thought it worthy of serious con-
sideiation whether it would not be better to leave
the matter as it now stood, as under the present
laws the creditors of the Government weie bound
to take nothing but gold and sihei m payment.
It was worthy of considiiution whethci the pass-
ing of this amendment would not bo giving an
implied sanction to the reception, by the officer*
of the Government, of bank notes of every de-
scription.
Mr. BENTON observed, that the subject of
receiving and disbursing the revenues of the
United States, had occupied the attention of all;
it certainly had occupied his attention, and after
spending years in thinking about it, he had come
to the conclusion, that there was but one safe
1 course for the United States to pursue, and that
was, to return to gold and silver for the T'easury.
He had been of that mind foi years past, and
had made a rough draft of a bill to accomplish
that object; the only difficulty was, to auange
the times so as to enable the Government to cut
loose from bank paper without giving a shock to
the community It was a lamentable circum-
stance that the Federal Government, while re-
ceiving the depreciated cunency of the States,
was able, at the passage of the very first revenue
law, and at the first session of its Legislature, to
declare that gold and silver only should be le-
ceived in payment, and that they were not now
able to do it without producing a convulsion, so
much had they become entangled in the paper
system. Now, the little amendment which he
had offered to the appropriation bill, was only
the commencement of a system which he hoped
to see carried out; and the rough bill he had
drawn out was to take up and can y on the system
thus commenced. While they were complaining
of the States for the sanctioning the inordinate
increase of banking capital, it was lamentable
that this was owing to the fault of the Federal
Government in íeceiving these notes to the extent
they did, and paying them out to the public cred-
ltois. It was by this means that a fictitious credit
was given to them; it was by this means that
they got the money of the United States to bank
on; and it was by this means that a piece of
worthless paper with a little lamp black on it,
and made at Passamaquoddy, and called five
dollars, was made to pass at Attakapas, because
it was receivable in payment for the public lands.
He saw it announced in the New Orleans papers,
that a Mr. Armand had, in the Louisiana Legis-
lature, proposed in bitter irony, that the ancient
and renowned company of fox-hunters should be
incorporated with banking privileges. He did it
in bitter irony, as a reproach to the wild spirit of
speculation, by which the evils of a paper cur-
rency was so much extended. As a consequence
of this expansion of the paper system, they were
purchasing bread from Europe. The staivelings
of Europe were sending them bread; and it was
because those who made this bank paper, did it
with such facility, that they could give a bundle
of it for a single loaf. He held that all this was
the fault of the Federal Government, rather than
of the States; for if they did not give this paper
money the wings to fly on, by making it payable
for the revenues, it would fall back on those who
issued it; and those charters, by which uncounted
millions were circulated, and which encouraged
an extravagant and demoralizing system of gam-
bling in stocks, would soon cease, for the quantity
of bank capital in the United States was brought
back to the lawful operations of trade; he believed
that four fifths of the stock now held would be
surrendered as unprofitable. So far from giving
sanction to the receipt of paper-money, his object
was to cut loose from the whole of it.
Mr. PORTER here submitted the following
amendment:
" Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to make anything but gold or silver a legal tender, by
any individual, or by the United States."
Mr. BENTON assented to the amendment,
and said that the gentleman might make it as
strong as he pleased.
