326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presumed it was m- I
tended bv gentlemen to follow up this amend-
ment by "a "repeal of the law which forced on
them the reception of the notes of the Bank of
the United States in payment of the revenue.
There was a bill pending (not before them, how-
ever) for that purpose; and he did not know
whether gentlemen were prepared to give it their
support, if the bill did come up. He only made
this sugestión to gentlemen, that they might
g-ive their attention to the subject.
Mr. EWING said there was nothing in this
bill to prevent the receiving of the notes of the
United States Bank. If there was a compact or
obligation on the part of the Government, in pur-
suance of the charter, to receive them, it could
not be violated. He understood it had been so
construed by the Secretary of the Treasury, that
that Department was bound to receive them. He
(Mr. E.) however, did not wish to be considered
as giving any opinion on the subject.
Mr. CLAY. The notes of the Bank of the
United States were never a legal tender; the law
only authorized them to be received in payment
of debts due the Government. If any Senator had
any of those notes, and wanted to get rid of them,
he might hand them to him. He would be glad to
give the notes of any of these small banks, or even
specie, for them.
Mr. KNIGHT considered the amendment al-
together useless. There was no obligation in any
one to receive anything but specie in payment
from the Government; and he presumed that when
notes less than ten dollars were paid to an indi-
vidual, it was only for his convenience. If the in-
dividual was paid in notes over five dollars, he
only had to turn round and ask the cashier to
change them for fives; and he could also, if paid
in five dollar notes, get them changed for tons or
twenties, by asking for them. He considered the
amendment altogether useless; but if the gentle-
man would introduce a proposition requiring pay-
ments to be made only in gold and silver, he should
vote for it.
Mr. BENTON said he should certainly do so;
but not for a single suggestion, and not at that
time.
Mr. CALHOUN doubted whether much, if
any, good could come out of this proposition. He
could see nothing in it that could cure the wretched
state of the currency. It would be better to draw
the fifteen millions of Government money out of
these deposite banks, and distribute it where it
cold be usefully employed. They were using
this money without paying anything for the use
of it, and drawing from the Government some-
thing like two and a half millions of dollars profit.
The Administration was responsible for that
thoughtless, mischievous, and imprudent act of
withdrawing the deposits from the United States
Bank, and placing them in these pet banks;
notwithstanding they were told that, instead of
stopping the evils of banking, these Hydras
would spring up like mushrooms. It was amaz-
ing to see the majority sitting quietly by without
proposing a remedy to this evil, which was
making beggars of thousands, and enriching
speculators. These pet banks had an agent by
the name of Whitney, (Mr. C. did not know
him,) who had a control over the pecuniary af-
fairs of the country, which no other man ever
had. He could raise or depress stocks at pleasure.
There was an awful responsibility resting on the
supporters of the Administration. The gulf into
which they were rushing was before their eyes.
The dreadful explosion was coming. The injury
to the manufactures would be immense. But he
thanked God, it would not be so great to those of
the South. If the growing crop should be cut off,
no one could tell the state of things it would bring
about. Money that had been won by blood, was
put into public lands, and drawn out to be put
into pet banks. Withdraw them (the deposits)
from the banks, said he, and if you cannot return
them to the people in any other way, loan them
without interest. The money of the United
States deposited in these irresponsible banks,was
an annual tax of something like two millions of
dollars. He approved of the spirit in which this
resolution was offered, but it would not meet the
crisis. Let the Senate follow up this resolution
with measures that would make this money cease
' to be banking capital. The Senate would do
him justice for predicting in 1834, that the state
of things then would shake the country to its very
center. He could not let the matter pass without
warning the Senate and the country of the dan-
gers that threatened the country.
Mr. BENTON said that, among the other papers
in his possession, he had an amendment that he
had prepared for the bill, to regulate the deposits
of the public moneys. Would the Secretary be
so good as to tell him how that bill stood on the
Calendar?
[The Secretary answered that the bill was only
eight ahead.]
Well, (continued Mr. B.,) we shall come to it
pretty soon, and he was then for making these
deposit banks pay something handsome for the
, use of the public money. He also had a provi-
sion to prevent them from issuing notes less than
twenty dollars, and to make them pay in gold
and silver, or that equivalent to it, so that the
holder of the bills should have a right to demand
specie, and one half in gold on the spot. He
1 should stake his political existence against suffer-
' ing the notes of any of these banks from becom-
ing the currency of the country. We cannot
(said Mr. B.)cut them off at once, but must come
toa specie circulation gradually. He would state,
before he sat down, that his bill to supply the
Mint with coin (proposed a few days ago) would
take up a considerable portion of the revenue; for
the Mint would require, as he had been informed
by the director of that institution, a million of
dollars a month.
Mr. CALHOUN rose to express his approba-
tion of the measures the Senator from Missouri
proposed to introduce, and said he would cooper-
ate in any measure that would prevent that great-
est of all calamities to any country, a ruined cur-
rency, a state of things which gave the sagacious
and cunning man the advantage over the honest
laborer.
Mr. NILES said that the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] had delivered the speech
we had just heard, or the substance of it, three or
four times during the session, on different occa-
1 sions. The surplus of the deposit banks appears
to give the gentleman great anxiety and alarm.
In addition to his apprehensions for the security
of the public funds, which he has not now en-
larged upon, he represents the surplus as an
alarming evil by its tendency to enlarge the action
of the deposit banks, and give a dangerous expan-
sion to the whole paper system. So far the gen-
1 tleman is correct. Aside from all other weighty
objections to an accruing surplus, if it shali ap-
pear that there is a surplus, this is, no doubt, an
evil of no small magnitude. The money now in
the Treasury, however, cannot be regarded as a
surplus; it has accumulated by the tardiness of
, our legislation, and the delay of the appropriation
bill; it is much of it required for the public ex-
I  penditures of the current year. The evil, there-
fore, to a considerable extent, may be regarded as
a temporary one.    But if there shall prove to be
!' a surplus beyond the appropriation, such surplus,
whether of thirty millions or ten millions, being,
as of course must be the case, deposited in the
banks, becomes a capital on which the banks
' will make discounts, and enlarge their operations.
This operates like sudden creation of additional
i, bank capital to the amount of the permanent sur-
Ídus, and will enable the banks to increase their
oans to perhaps twice the amount of these depos-
' its. This state of things, in common with the
¡ j improvident legislation of the States for the last
II  two years, in creating bank capital to an unpre-
l  cedentedamount,exceedingprobably$50,000,000,
has had a pernicious influence by giving a dan-
gerous expansion to the whole paper system.
The profits which the deposit banks derive from
the public funds, although large, and what they
ought not to receive, is the smallest part of the
evils of this state of things. Did I suppose there
was to be a permanent surplus, I should be as
i  anxious to make some disposition of it as the
' I Senator from South Carolina can be; and although
li I will not say that I would support any of the
I proposed schemes for the distribution of it, yet I
;! would go as far as he who goes the furthest in
I  support of any plan to get rid of it, founded in
justice, and which shall  not conflict with the
Constitution. He did not, however, wish to see
it distributed among the States, but desired to see
it returned to the people; or rather, that no more
money should be drawn into the Treasury than
what was required to meet the wants of the Gov-
ernment. Let us stop the money from flowing
into the Treasury,and leave it to distribute itself
among the people. This was the scheme of dis-
tribution which he should prefer. But the Sen-
ator represents the evils of this surplus as arising
from the public funds being withdrawn from ihe
Bank of the United States and deposited in certain
State banks. Ho could not understand how this
had either caused the evil, or increased it. It was
unaccountable to him how a given amount of
money deposited in one set of banks should have
more influence to extend banking operations than
if deposited in another set of banks. The banks
are all governed by the same principles, and act
from the same motives. Their object is to make
the greatest profit; and the public funds, let them
be in what bank they may, will be used for this
purpose. It is now claimed, that the public rev-
enues, being in State banks, have occasioned an
alarming extension of banking operations and an
expansion of the paper system which threaten
general ruin. Would not these evils, so far as
they do exist, have been the same if these funds
had been in the Bank of the United States and its
branches ?
He should like to have the explanation of this
matter. It was to him as great a mystery as orre
of an opposite character two years ago. Then
it was claimed by the Senator and others that the
removal of the public funds from the bank of the
United States to these same pet banks occasioned
a money pressure and a panic. It was then said
that the public revenues, while deposited in the
United States Bank, were a fund in which that
bank extended accommodations to merchants and
othess; but that, being removed to State banks,
they were not available for such purpose. The
public could not be benefited by them in the State
banks; and this was gravely alleged as the cause
of the money pressure. Men of plain- common
sense could not then comprehend how it was that
the removal of eight or ten millions of dollars
from one to another sot of banks, all acting on the
same principles, and using it as a capital, should
create a scarcity of money. This was a mystery
two year  ago; and now it seems we bave another
mystery quite as- great—the deposit of the public
funds in State banks, or what the gentleman calls
pet banks, producing an alarming expansion oí
the paper system, deranging the currency and
threatening a general explosion, when none of
these evils would exist had the same funds been
deposited in the Bank of the United States. He
had no partiality for the deposit banks nor any
other banks; he wished them to be restricted and
compelled to pay for the use of the public deposit;
they were now enjoying advantages which they
ought not to enjoy; but he could not in silence
hear it repeated again and again on this floor, th*t
the evils arising from the present surplus, what-
ver they may be, have been occasioned by the
public revenues beingdeposited in the State banks,
instead of the Bank of the United States, as that
bank has greater power, is controlled by one will,
and can act with more energy and effect. Had it
retained the public funds, the present evils would
have been greatly increased.
Mr. CALHOUN, in reply to Mr. Nh.es, said
the gentleman had misunderstood him. His ar-
gument was, that the removal of the deposits, and
the breaking down of the Bank of the United
States, had given rise to innumerable State banks;
and not that the surplus would not have accumu-
lated in the Bank of the United States; and that
the idea of limiting bank capital by removing the
deposits had turned out to be wholly fallacious.
But it was the security of the public money, to
which he had alluded; for he would venture to
assert, that, if an insurance was opened, they could
not get the public money insured in the deposit
banks, against loss, for a premium of twenty
per cent. In the Bank of the United States
the public money would have been safe, and,
what was more, they would, as stockholders, be
drawing an interest of $400,000 for this money,
which the deposit banks used without interest.
There would have arisen another advantage from
