$28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Mr. J. said many of the books which would |
necessarily be reprinted if the resolution was
adopted, were wholly useless, and would never
be read He referred to the volumes of the doc-
uments of the first session of last Congress, con-
taining the panic memorials and the names of the
memorialists, and also those containing the names
of the pensioners. He thought the thousand dol-
lars could be as well—much better expended for
the benefit of the new members in purchasing
other books of a different character. Mr.J . regret-
ted placing himself in a position in which lie
might have the appearance of acting unkindly to
the new members of the present Congress. He
felt it his duty to resist such an application of
the publication heretofore, as well as now; he
had uniformly opposed all such propositions from
the time he had the honor of a seat upon this
floor; and he expected to do so. If Congress ,
should purchase and present books to the mem-
bers of Congress, they should be returned to the
Public Library upon the expiration of their re- ¡
spective terms, for the use of their successors. >
The resolution seemed plausible in placing the
new members upon the same footing with the
members of the last Congress; it was apparent,
however, that they could, with the same propri-
ety, claim as many books as the members of the
present Congress who had served fifteen or twen-
ty years, and all our successors upon this floor
might with the same propriety make the same
claim. He felt it his duty to make these state-
ments to the House, and he should ask the privi-
lege of recording his vote in opposition.                  ¡
Mr. INGERSOLL (who originally offered the
resolution) said: I introduce this resolution, not
so much from any impulses of my own, as in
compliance with the wishes of others, who, like
myself, are without the advantage of personal
experience here. I do not now desire to urge it
beyond a point which may be considered per-
fectly reasonable and just. The resolution, it
will be perceived, merely adopts the precedent
which has been set by those members of the pres-
ent Congress who were also members of the last.
All of them, I presume, have either supported the
measure by their votes, or availed themselves of
its fruits. The gentleman from Tennessee has,
as he says, received the books, and he manifests
the utility of them in the information which he
habitually communicates to the House. Those
who are entirely without the benefit derived from
a participation in the past proceedings of Con-
gress, are obliged to recur to the volumes in
question, in order that they may reach the in-
formation necessary to enable them to give a con-
scientious vote upon almost any subject that oc-
curs. For myself, I acknowledge my obligations
to an honorable friend for the use of the books
which have been furnished to him under former
resolutions of a similar character. The State
papers, which are especially objected to, are of
peculiar value, and of constant use as a work of
reference.
This resolution, however, is more important in
ap.iblicthan a private sense. Besides the im-
mediate communication of intelligence to mem-
bers of Congress, it contemplates a broader dif-
fusion of interesting knowledge throughout the
nation and throughout the world. Every element
of the present elevation of the country, in power
and in happiness, is to be found in the works
which it is proposed to distribute. You cannot
better serve the cause of universal freedom, and
sound political wisdom, than by exhibiting every-
where the measures which this nation has re-
sorted to, and adopted, in the course of its brief
but comprehensive history. After the books have
been used by the immediate representatives of the
people, they will become the property of the peo-
ple themselves. They will be cherished as the
true, and, before long, the only evidence access-
ible to every citizen, of the wisdom and the errors
of those who have gone before us. They will
tettch lessons of equal practical utility, whether
they reflect a record of proceedings which are
wise enough to be imitated, or erroueous enough
to be avoided.
The example of another Government is worthy
of recollection. Your library has recently been
enriched by a gift of the valuable and extensive
publication of the almost bygone monuments of
British history and British law. That politic and
liberal nation has endeavored to spread as widely
as the empire of civilized man extends, the inform-
ation contained in these costly volumes. Not
only are the especial libraries of sister Govern-
ments in possession of them, but the existence of
them is perpetuated by finding them a place in
the halls of all the celebrated seminaries of learn-
ing throughout Christendom. It appears to me
that we owe at least as much to our fathers and
to ourselves.
At a moment when the National Treasury is
filed to repletion, what better use can be made
of a comparative modicum of its surplus wealth
than that which the resolution contemplates ? Not
an interest can suffer. Every one may be bene-
fited. The expense which is complained of is
insignificant, whether it be compared with the
good effects that are likely to be the consequence,
or with the ordinary profusion which is mani-
fested in the printing of public documents by the
House.
With respect to one of the works called for, it
is not easy to understand upon what principle a
preference is to be given to our more experienced ,,
brethren over   ourselves.    "Where publications '
have been made heretofore, and are now exhaust- '
cd by distribution, there may be plausibility in  I
the argument which objects to a renewed ex- ¡
pense;  but the "Documentary History  of the
United States" is yet in embryo.   Not a member
has been furnished with it.    When it shall have
issued from the press, and comes fresh and new, ,
for the information of the people, with the whole  I
expense which it calls for, yet to be incurred, I
claim for the Representatives an equal right to
partake of the benefits which it confers.                 !
Mr. REED was in favor of the resolution; but
if there were some works ordered by it which had ¡
lost their value, it might be difficult at present to :
amend it so as to make it acceptable. To avoid
this difficulty, and as he thought the subject
should be investigated elsewhere, he moved that
the resolution be referred to the Committee on
the Library, so that they might examine and re-
! port in favor of only such works as were valuable.
I Mr. JUDSON hoped the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts would vary his motion so as to refer
the resolution to a select committee.
Mr. SPEIGHT thought that gentlemen would
not put the Government to the expense of furnish-
ing some of those works. Without any disrespect
to gentlemen, he would say, that he had a copy
j of some of the books proposed to be furnished,
which he would present to any gentleman who
would read them. He thought the better way
would be to let the subject lie over till to-morrow,
to afford time to examine the proposition; and
with that view he moved that the House pro-
ceed to the orders of the day, which was agreed
to.                                                                                    |
PUBLIC DEPOSITS----R. M. WHITNEY.        i
I Mr. WISE rose again to renew his request for
I permission to offer the resolution which he had
I proposed to offer the two last days. He had
I modified the resolution, and asked that it be read
for information.                                                            |
The resolution was read, as follows:                    I
Whereas, since the custody of the public money has
[, been under the entire coutrol of the Treasury Department,
| i the Secretary of the Treasury, by himself, or his agents,
I has selected certain local State banks as places of deposit,
without regulation by law ; and, whereas, there is great
doubt about the agency by which the said deposit banks
are selected and regulated ; and, whereas, said agency is
alleged to be improper and corrupt, effected by some per-
son or persons not officers of the Government, or appointed
or responsible as such, or known in any manner to the
laws, and who are secretly paid large stipends or amounts
of compensation for procuring the custody and the use of
, the public deposits; and, whereas, the said hanks, for which
the public deposits are thus procured, are in possession of
, the public money without charge or interest, or other charge
whatsoever for the use of the same, and the said person or l
; persons, their agent or agents, are alleged to be political
partisans, wielding the public deposits for electioneering
purposes, dangerous to the purity of the Government and
the liberties of the people; Therefore,
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed, with !
power to send for persona and papers, to inquire into the i
mode or agency of selecting the banks of deposit for the I
public money; the contracts with the Treasury- Department
by which they are regulated; the manner in which and the
persons by whom such contracts are made; into all corre-
spondence whatsoever touching contracts for the public
deposits ; into all connection of relation, official or unoffi-
cial, which exist or has existed between any person or
persons and Hie Treasury Department, or between them and
the depo-it banks, or any other individuals or banks, touch-
m  the custody, and the control, and deposit of the public
money; and into the amount and mode of compensation
of alf persons whomsoever in any manner whatever con-
nected with the Treasury Department or the deposit banks,
having any agency whatever in negotiating between sai4
Department and said banks, or any banks or individuals,
touching the public deposits ; and that said committee have
leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WISE assured the House that it was not
his intention, nor the desire of those friends with
whom he acted, so far as he knew, to discuss the
resolution at that time. It contained no data
which would elicit debate, and the preamble as-
serted nothing which would call forth discussion.
Mr. CAMBRELENG suggested to the gentle-
man that the opposition to the introduction of the
resolution did not arise from any disposition to
stifle the proposed inquiry, but because it was
believed that it would cause a long and unprofit-
able discussion. With the understanding that it
would not be debated, he had no objection to the
introduction of the resolution, and should Tote
for its adoption.
Objection being made to the reception of the
resolution,
Mr. WISE moved a suspension of the rule,
and asked for the yeas and nays on the resolu-
tion; which were ordered—and were:
YEAS — Messrs. Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, Ashley,
Bailey, Barton, Beale, Bell, Bond, Bouldin, Boyd, Brigg ,
Bunch, John Ualhoon, William B. Calhoun, Cambreleng,
Campbell, Carter, John Chambers, Cbilds, Nathaniel H.
Claiborne, John F. H. Claiborne, Clark, Corwin, Crane,
Deberry, Denny, Evans, Everett, Forester, French,Philo C.
Fuller,'Rice Garland, Glascock, Granger, Grantland, Gray-
son, Grennell, Griffin, Haley, Hi land Hall, Hard, Hardin,
Harlan, Harper, Samuel S. Harrison, Albert G. Harrison,
Hazeltine, Hoar, Hopkins, Howell, Insersoll, William Jack-
son, Janes, Henry Johnson, John W. Jones, Kennon, Law-
ler, Lawrence, Lay, Luke Lea, Lewis, Lincoln, Lucas,
Lyon, Martin, Maury, McCarty, McComas, McKennan,
Milhgan, Owens, Patton, James A. Pearce, Pettigrew, Pey-
ton, Reed, Rcncher, Robertson, Russell, William B. Shep-
ard, Augustine H. Shepperd, Shields, Slade, Sloanc,Span-
gler, Standefer, Storer, Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson,
Turner, Underwood, Vinton, White, Whittlesey, Lewis
Williams, Sherrod Williams, and Wise—96.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Anthony, Ash, Bean, Bockee,
Boon, Bovee, Brown, Buchanan, Burns, Casey, Chaney,
Chapín, Coffee, Connor, Craig, Cramer, Cushman, Doii-
bleday, Dromgoole, Fairfield, Farlin, William K. Fuller,
Galbraith, Gillet, Hamer, Hannegan, Hawes, Hawkins,
Hayncs, Henderson, Holsey, Hubley, Huntington, Hunts-
man, Ingfeam, Jabez Jackson, Jarvis, Joseph Johnson,
Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Jurt-
son, Kilgorc, Kinnard, Klingcnsmith, Lane, Lansing, Gid1-
eon Lee, Joshua Lee, Thomas Lee, Leonard, Logan, Job
Mann, William Mason, Moses Mason, May, McKeon,
McKim, McLene, Montgomery, Morgan, Page, Parker,
Parks, Patterson, Dutee J. Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Phelps,
John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Roane, Rogers, Schenck,
Seymour, Sickles, Smith, Speight, Sutherland, Taylor, John
Thomson, Toucey, Towns, Turrill, Vandcrpoel, Ward,
Wardwell, Webster, and Weeks—87.
So the House refused to suspend the rules—
two thirds being necessary.
Mr. WISE rose to say, that he would recall
the notice heretofore given by him, and say that
he should not again offer the foregoing resolu-
¡ tion, for the reason that he was now satisfied a
majority of the House were not disposed to
expose the abuses of the Government.
!                         THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. HANNEGAN asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit him to offer a reso-
1 lution making the bill to graduate and reduce the
price of the public lands the special order of the
day for the first Tuesday succeeding the final
disposition of the appropriation bills, and that
the same be the standing order on each day at
one o'clock, Fridays and Saturdays excepted 
until the same be disposed of.
Objection being made,
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to suspend the rules
to enable him to offer the resolution; which was
negatived.
|                        THE PUBLIC MONEY.
Mr. PEYTON felt constrained reluctantly
1 again to ask the consent of the House to offer
the following resolution. He did so in discharge
; ing what he conceived an imperious duty.
! Remhed, That the bill reported by the Committee of
! Ways and Means, entitled " A kill regulating the deposit of
¡ the money of the United States in certain local banks,"
I together with any amendments which may be offered to.
i the same, be made the special order of the day, and that it
\ have precedence over all other business of the House, from
j the hour of one o'clock on the second Monday in May
I next, and on each succeeding day, from the same hour,
