330
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
He toramente* uporr^VÍeilgtnv-AMtitr&t«tétit
■riven to the"" Administration" fttl <M present pros-
perity of the-country, W would as-Boon «scribe
-to them the skining erf the muiI- Not bad- flwy
-wry more lo do with" paying-«ff the public debt
"tharrthe cashier of a beak who paid a-cheok across
the counter.. TbeiJrospeious'wwditiDh  f *e
country was" owing-*© «lreunrstanc** overwhieh
'they had ne> control. He" again recurred to the
Increase* of executive patronage over the presses
throughout the' country, orer forty. millions of
<éopiuü, and"'to army of officers who drew their
•dairy sobeisteriee St the wiH" ef the Execuftve;
tort,'after dwelling upffft these points for some
■time! concluded at half past three o'clock, and-
I  Mí. VANDERPOEL obtained the floor. Mr.
•Y. said he had but few remarks to make then, and
'BrrcmW pasa lightly oyer the materials he had pre-
pared.' He remarked upon the extraordinary
iMSge jthn debate had taken upon a mere ordinary
■annual appropriation bill. The first debate was
-  very desultory one, on an amendment of Mr.
BelC to strike-out half the "appropriation of
067,000; and, after it was supposed to have been
-nearly brought to a termination, the gentleman
■from South Carolina [Mr. Thompson] opened it
!*g*ih with a most elaborate and learned speech.
Then followed the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. "Béll] again, who withdrew his amendment,
Substituted another to strike out the whole item,
«nd favored the House with a speech of four days
lh 'length'; one day'Iongerth duration than the last
French Revolution. Mr. V. proceeded to reply
to the remarks of Mr. Bell seriatim, .referring
particularly" to Mi*. B.*s silente during the panic
session, when the President was daily denounced
on that floor as a tyrant and 'an* usurper, and as
trampling; on the rights of the widow and-orphan;
and also replied' to the charges brought by Mr.
B. against the President and the Administration,
for tolerating'and "maintaining abuses of execu-
tive power and influence; After- dwelling upon
these points for some time, Mr. V. recurred to the
subject of the surplus revenue,-and advocated the
plan recommended by the Secretary of the Treas-'
'toryto extend the public defenses of-the country;
and afterprooeeding for some time he gave way to
tr Mr. HOWARD, who moved that the-eommit-
tee lay aside this hill for the present, and take up
tfee biH respecting discriminating- duties upon
Dutch and Belgian"vessels, and then: cargoes, *cr,
which he believed woutd elicit no diseussñm."1-
;■ Mr. CAMBRELENG objected, an*T-J- ' *"'
V Mr. VANDERPOEL proceeded with thetrab-
féet'dfthe surplus revenue, and viewed at length
the various schemes proposed lor its distrrbu-
tieÍHt-IU-;th*jn!|«epried' to -the>*ho*géI'maae by
Mr. Tbompsok, of South Carolina, of ihequality
of expenditure to the disadvantage dflneSouth.-as
well ift fortifications as in other works, and quoted
a series of tabular statements which proved the
converse of that gentleman M argument, i'or for-
tifications finished there had been expended In
the South |3,37S,393, and in the North only
f797,541; and of thirteen new works now con-
structing, six were in the North, and seven in
the South. He denied that the appropriations
had been partial; and he expressed his regret that
such an argument, so little in unison with the
spirit that achieved our independence, and calcu-
lated only to excite coolness and distrust of the
Federal Government in the South, should have
been brought forward on that floor? • Mr. V.
also entered hito various comparative statements
having reference likewise to expenditures in the
West, and in proof that there had been no* par-
tiality or inequality. He referred to theexpendi-
" tures at Norfolk for the defense of the western
frontier, the many millions appropriated for the
removal of the Indians, &«., which on the other
aide might be adduced as having bee  expended
for the exclusive benefit «f those sections of the
country. It had been urged that those treaties
had brought ft vast accumulation into (he Treas-
ury; but he (Mr. V.) read from a document from
the Land Office a statement that showed that We
had already expended on that account, and ex-
clusive of the Cherokee treaty, Ac., which would
amount to some five or six millions, (68,000,000;
while the sales from the public lands had,-as yet,
produced no more than $57,000,000. •* *- .. «&*
■ A  soon as Mr. V. hue concluded,^  •*«•- 
'Kff.'STORER obtained the floor.
Mr. WISE rose, and moved that the commit-
tee rise.
J.-'Mr. STORER had no objection to proceeding
to-night, or to the question being taken on the
amendment by the committee at once, with the
assurance that he should have the opportunity of
addressing the House to-morrow.                      *
... Mr. BELL suggested, if it were consistent
with the views of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, to give to-morrow to the
discussion of this bill. Mr. B. was not disposed
la throw any difficulties in the way of its pas-
sage, end he did not think there -would be any
further delay to its progress, as those gentlemen
who wished to speak on the topics that had been
discussed would nave some other opportunity of
doing so.
,..Mr.,CAMBRELENG hoped the question
would at once be taken on the amendment.-
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, appealed to Mr.
Bell to withdraw his amendment, to afford him
(Mr. W.) an opportunity of offering the one of
-which he had given notice some weeks since, for
an appropriation for the harbor of Pensacola.
Mr. JENIFER (Mr. Storek having given
wayl renewed the. motion that the committee
rise.-¡~
-•' Mr. BOON moved to amend the motion by
adding the foDowing words: " and report the bill
to the House."
The motion was lost—ayes 49, noes 77.'"   '
Mr. STORER then proceeded to reply to the
remarks of Mr. Hawes, of Monday last, on the
subject of the Kentucky resolutions, and entered
into an elaborate defense of the military charac-
ter and conduct of General Harrison.
*' Mr. LEWIS moved that the committee rise.
«'Tellers being appointed, there appeared<¿-ayes
26, noes 86.
*■ No quorum voting, the committee rose and re-
ported that fact to the House.                      -'
" Mr. WISE moved an adjournment.
"' 14V. eAMBRELENG asked for the yeas and
ifays on the motion, which were ordered, and
were—   "                                           i% <.,.. .
'c YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
tMl, Buacu, John CaUwoa, William B. Calhoun, Camp-
bell, .Carter, Dsrliagton, Denny, Forester, James Garland,
Glascock, Granger, Griffin, Harper, Ingersoll, Janes,J enifer,
Lawler, Lawrence, Luke Lea, Manning, Maury, MiUigan,
Peyton, Ptnckney. Robertson, Spanglcr, Standel'er, Whittle-
sey, and Wise—33.
MAYS—Messrs. Barton, Bean, Bockee, Bouldin, Bovee,
Boyd, Brown, Oambreleni, Casey, Chaney, Chapín, Cleve-
land,'Connor, Cramer, Cushing, Cusliman, Doubleday,
Dromgoole, Eftner, Fairfield, Farlin, William K. Fuller,
Galbrakb- Giuet, Grayson, Joseph Hall, llamer, Hannegan,
Samuel S, Harrison, Albert G. Harrison, Haynes, Uopkuw,
Hubjay, Bunungton, Huntsman, Jams, Joseph Johnson,
Richard M. Johnson, John W. Jones, Benjamin Jone:,
Jadson, tT.ilgOTe,.Ktnnard, Lane, Lansing, Gideon Lee,
Joshua Lee, Leonard, Lincoln, Logan, Job Mann,William
Mason, Moses Mason, McLenc, Montgomery Morgan,
Owens, Page, Porker, Parks, Patterson, Dutee J. Pcarce,
Pbelpj, John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Ripley, Roane,
Seymour, Sickles, Smith, Speight, Sntherland.Taylor, John
TtKsrsKn,Toucey, Turner, Turnll, VanderpoeLWardwell,
Webster, and Weeks— 80.   ■
...No quorum voting, Mr. CAMBRELENG sug-
gested that a quorum was present, as several
member*] had come in during the call for the yeas
and naya.
: Tellers being appointed, 121 members were
ascertained to be within the bar, who, constituting
a quorum, the House again went into committee.
Mr. STORER resumed his remarks in reply
to Mr. Hi.WES, (on another subject,) and in de-
fense of the military character and services of
General Harrison. His remarks were altogther
confined to this subject; and in the course of them
he referred to, and sent to the Clerk's table to be
read, and read himself, a variety of extracts from
papers and documents published on the military
career of General Harrison.
Mr. 6. concluded his remarks at half past eight
o'clock, p. m.     •  -• •
The amendment of Mr. Bell, to strike out
467,000 for the navy-yard at Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, was then negatived without a count.
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, moved the following
amendment:
■** Por wharves and their appendages at the navy-yard at
Pensacola, a* recommended by the Secretary of the Navy,
«150,000,                                            _       (l   .,    ,'
" For powder magazine, •17,000.
• " For watt or lnelosure of brick three yards high, and a
half yard thick, as recommended by Commodore Dallas,
$24,000."
Mr. W. said, that he did not propose, after
the protracted debate that had already taken place
on this bill, and especially at that late hour of the
session, to occupy more than a few moments of
the time of the House. He would only take
occasion to remark, that the amendment submitted
by him was conformable to the recommendation
of the Navy Department, contained in a letter
from the Secretary of the Navy of the 12th of
February, 1836. He would merely remark, that
the navy-yard at Pensacola had been established
now eleven years, and yet it was not in a fit con-
dition for the repair of a long boat. Such was
its situation, that the whole western ccfuntry from
the Alleghanies to the Gulf of Mexico, was in-
terested in it, and it was admitted on all sides to
be one of the most important points on the whole
of our coast. He trusted, therefore, that, as the
Treasury was overflowing with money, justice
would be done to their navy-yard.          ■•   •■
Mr. WISE remarked that the Committee on
Naval Affairs had already amended a bill from
the Senate by proposing au additional appropri-
ation of something like $200,000, embracing, he
believed, the very objects contemplated by the
gentleman's amendment. It was true, the sub-
ject of the brick wall or ihclosure had never been
before the Committee on Naval Affairs; but for
other objects they had appropriated more than
the gentleman from Florida himself proposed; and
if they amended this bill they would create con-
fusion. He suggested to the gentleman, there-
fore, that he had better withdraw it.           ■■>■■■'
Mr. WHITE replied. Be remarked that Con-
gress had made a provision, in 1827, for a railway
for sloops of war; and in 1830 a plan was pre-
pared; but, from that time to the present, nothing
had been done with the money; and the Secretary
of the Navy had again recommended the same
appropriation which was contained in the appro-
priation bill of 1833. The'bill referred to by the
gentleman from Virginia, and reported by the
Committee on Naval Affairs, was for different
objects than his amendment. It proposed the
erection of a hydraulic dock to repair sloops of
war; and he held in his hand a number of com-
munications from skillful officers, who gave it us
their opinion that such a work could not be com-
pleted in less than three years. The commerce
of the Gulf of Mexico did not fall short of aa
annual amount of $65,000,000; and this navy-
yard, about which so much had been said, had
now, for ten years, existed only in name. He
repeated that the items of his amendment were
not embraced in the other bill; and he hoped k
would be adopted by the committee.' •     • " ■
Mr. WISE rose amid loud cries of " question."
He remarked it was not often that those who
hallooed "question "loudest, understood it best;
and he briefly explained the subject pending.
The committee, having had the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Navy for an appropriation
of $64,000 for the improvement and necessary re-
pairs of the navy-yard at Pensacola, came to the
resolution that it was by far too little, and they
voted (125,000 for the construction of a hydraulic
dock or inclined plane, and also $75,000 for clear-
ing out the harbor of Pensacola, making together
$200,000, in addition to the $64,000 proposed by
the Secretary of the Navy. The gentleman from
Florida asked for a still further appropriation of
$150,000 besides all these; and the committee
thought the $200,000 additional, sufficient, and
as much as could be conveniently and judiciously
expended during the present year. It would be
time enough to vote more money another year,
and he felt compelled to vote against the amend-
ment.
Mr. WHITE again advocated his amendment,
and quoted the report of Commodore Bainbridge.
He was compelled to press it at this time, forhe
was apprehensive that the bill referred to by the
gentleman from Virginia would not pass this
session. He entered into a brief description of
the bay, and said that the bar was now twenty-
one feet deep at low water, and twenty-four at
high water, and that it was the only site for a
naval station on the whole gulf frontier.
Mr. JARVIS presumed it was not the gentle-
man's intention to misrepresent, but it was never-
