1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
thole true thit he had done somostegregiously
Then> hid not boon a cent struck out of the bill
on t'ie v ontrirv tin 464,000 recommended hv the
N utir\ ot t'u \m\ h\d bien put into it, and
it w \s tm rt «¡till l* subs this, thire were ex-
irn tin \'\ ii m ynui iMunmmuuliil b\ the
Nmiiw of theTrt isarv , w hich w ere embraced
in i liitf-rt nt bi'I The :;enitormn had informed
thim thxt so Ini't hid been done at Pensacola,
thit t \i n a Ions; bo-it could not be reptirtd there.
Now, i,said Mr J ,) tin re had Ixm already
expended on that n. \ v ard no less a sum than
f530,000 and hi might ask whether it was worth
whi'e to go on mnkmg still further appropriations
•without fir t list rtinin  whether it could be
judiciously expuidtd If it would take more
th-ui Jó50,000 to construct a pHce to lepair a
long boat, how much more would it take for one
for i fntrtte  The gentUrmn from Florida had
done his duty to his constituent"?, and he hoped
the House would also do its duty by rejecting
th.s amendment
Mr P\RKER thought the House competent
to mike an appropriation, if they thought fit,
whether it exceeded the estimate of the Navy
Department or not.
Mr WHITE, of Florida, replied to Mr Jar-
tis, by readw<r an extract from the letter of the
Secretary of the Navy of the 12th of February,
(before referred to,) and
Mr J\RVIS rejoined by reading a continua-
tion of the extract, in which it was stated that
the sum of $15,000 for wharves and appendages
had been set down without the necessary esti-
mates
The amendment was then rejected, tellers being
appointed—aves 58, roes 68
Mr EVERETT then moved to reduce the item
of $67,000for the navy-yard at Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, to $4,000, remarking that the latter
sum would leave a sufficiency for the necessary
repairs of that station.
The amendment was rejected without a count.
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, the Com-
mittee then rose and reported the bill and amend-
ments to the House, and, on motion by the same
gentleman,
The House adjourned at half past nine o'clock,
p. m.
IN SENATE.
Thirsdav, ,1prtl 7, 1836
Mr. KENT presented the memorial of Alex-
ander Scott, win h was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims
Mr ROBEiVS presented the petition of Felice
Pulezzi and others, which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ROBINSON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which the subject was referred, re-
ported a bill to grant certain relinquished and un-
appropriated lands to the State of Alabama, for
the purpose of improving the navigation of the
Tcnnrssee, Coosa, Cahauba, and Black Warrior
rivers, which was read, and ordf red to a second
reading.
Mr CRITTENDEN, from the sam^ commit-
tee, to which the subject had been referred by a
resolution, reported a bill for laying out the towns
of Fort Madison and Burlington, in the county of
Des Moines, in the State of Illinois, and the towns
of Belhnue, Dubuque, and Ptiu, in the county
of Dubuque, Territory of Michigan, which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
MAILS ON RULROADS.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, made a report in re-
lation to contracting for the transportation of
maila on railroads, which was read.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, observed that the re-
port was a very important one, and ought to be
•widely disseminated. He would therefore move
that an extra number of the report, say five thou-
sand, be printed, together with the bill reported
some days ago on the same subject.
Mr. CALHOUN had great doubts whether the
principles  of the  report could  be carried out.
Unless the  power of the  Postmaster General
should be most vigilantly guarded, it would be- I
come enormously increased    When the bill came !
up, he would cooperate in guarding against trie
increase of the patronage of that officer. He had
noticed benutiful pictuies presented in genernli-
ties, but when they came down to mtttersj in
detail thc\ were chinged. Before a large edition
was ordered, he w ould prefer a diseus&ion upon
the merits of the n port
Mr GRUNDY observed, that when the Sena-
tor fioni South Carolina turntd his attention more
particularly to the subject, he would find that the
committee ^iad already considered and endeavored
to obviate the objections he had raised The pro-
position originally was, that the Postmaster
General should first make the contracts, but that
was amendi d in the committee, on the suggestion
of the gentleman from Ohio, by providing that
the Postmaster General should in the first instance
receive the proposals for the contracts and sub-
mit them to Congress, who would enter into them,
or not, as it thought proper, so that, so far from
giving the Postmastei General additional power,
the bill made it only his duty to receive the pro-
posals and transmit them to Congress. If the
Senator from South Carolina would turn his
attention to the subject, he thought he would
give it his support
Mr CALHOUN said, the reasons, so far as they
went, to appearance, were satisfactory Some-
times, however, plans that looked well in theory
turned out differently in practice Projects of in-
tellectual improvement had shown it.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, said it was impossible
to foresee the effects of this measure. He had
suggested to the committee the difficulty of leav-
ing it at the option of the Postmaster General, and
it was stricken out The bill did not pledge Con-
gress to a compliance with any contract. The
terms were to be laid before Congress, at whose
option it was to accept or reject them. They
could, if they thought proper, reject the first con-
tract offered, if they found the plan was not
likely to be a good one. He could see no diffi-
culty at present. The advantages had been pre-
sented in the report favorably, without any of
the difficulties, for the committee had really seen
none
Mr. GRUNDY remarked, that whatever num-
ber of the document was ordered to be printed
ought to be ordered shortly, on this account: This
was a business subject, and they wanted informa-
tion on it from practical men, and by printing an
extra number the report would be more widely
disseminated, and the information wanted would
more probably reach them. For these reasons,
he thought that whatev cr number of the document
was to be printed ought to be printed at once.
Mr KNIGHT had concuned with the report
in committee, reserving to himself the privilege
of voting for the measuie or not, when it came
before the Senate, according to the future lights
that might be thrown on it. He was not certain,
however, but that this was the commencement of
a system of internal improvements, and that here-
after railroad companies about to be foimed might
apply to Congress to make with them contracts
for carrying the mails, and thus get the Govern-
ment engaged in such a system.
The printing of the extra number was then
ordered
OTHER REPORTS.
Mr EWING, of Ohio, moved that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands be discharged from the
further consideration of th resolution of the 6th
instant, directing an inquiry into the expediency
of granting laudato the stiff of the revolutionary
army, and to the officers and soldiers who served
in the Virginia State line undei General George
Rogers Ciaik, and that the same be referíed to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, which
motion was agn ed to.
Mr. EWING, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported unfavorably on the bills from the
House for the relief of Jonathan Boone, David
Browning, and Tobias Drum, and also on the bill
to prohibit the sale of the public lands except to
actual settlers and in limited quantities.
Mr. GRUNDY gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill changing the
time of the commencement of the contracts for
carrying the mails
LANDS TO THE KENTUCKY INSANE ASYLUM.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
| Public Lands, reported without amendment the
bill from the House to extend the time limited for
the sale of the lands granted to the incorporated
Kentucky Asylum for the education of the deaf
and dumb; and,
After some remarks from Messrs KING, of
Alabama, CRITTENDEN, and CLAY, the bill
was ordered to a third reading, and then read the
third time and passed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolutions;
which he on the table one day:
Reiolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency ot making an appiopnation
to remove obstructions to the navigation ot the Af issis>.ippi
river above St Louis anil the Missouri river, to Fort Lea
venworth
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency ot mnkmg appro
pmtiois f^r the speedy completion of the roiil lioin < In
cairo to Green Bav, and of the roid from Fort Cr iw lord, via
Fort Winnebago, to Green Bay
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were also read the third
time and passed
The bill for the relief of Henry Wainnglit;
The bill providing for carrying into effect the
treaty with the Chickasaw Indians,
The bill to repeal the duties on certain articles,
and to reduce those on others therein enumer-
ated; and
The bill for the relief of the revolutionary and
other pensioners of the United States, and for
other purposes.
INCENDIARY   PUBLICATIONS.
The Senate then took up as the special order,
the bill to prohibit the circulation through the
mails of incendiary publications.
Mr DAVIS said it had been very justly as-
serted, that this was a measure of very great im-
portance. The .gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Calhoun] had given them so to understand,
and he (Mr. D.) viewed it so when he moved the
postponement of it yesterday, m order to have
further time for consideration The design was
to prohibit the circulation of those papers denom-
inated as incendiary, by preventing their trans-
mission through the mail. He read the first sec-
tion of the bill, from which it appeared that the
design was to prohibit any person from putting
into any post office any paper touching the sub-
ject of slavery of the character described in the
bill. He viewed this measure as a fundamental
change in the policy of this Government. It was
putting the whole power of the Government into
the hands of the State.
They had a ícport from a select committee be-
fore them, of which he had expressed his disap-
probation, and also of the bill when it was made.
While the report went on to show there was no
power in Congress to exercise the authority in a
direct form, or to pass any law containing the
provisions of this act, yet it assumed the power
to carry into effect the laws of the State
He objected to this measuie on the ground of
expediency. The design of the Post Office estab-
lishment was to facilitate the transmission of in-
telligence throughout the country, to encourage
intercourse, and foster a community of interest
and feeling between the different portions of it.
These were the reasons that influenced the con-
vention in granting these powers to establish post
offices and post routes. Gentlemen in the slave-
holding portion of the country had met with dif-
ficulties, and were placed in hazard by the circu-
lation of pictorial representations, and ask the
Government to suppress it; in doing which they
Cropose to create an inquisitorial power in this
ranch of the Government. For he held that, if
a penalty was annexed, it made it the duty of the
deputy postmaster to inquire into the character of
papers put into his office, and also of whatever
| went out of it. He must examine the publica-
tions under the penalties put into the bill by the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,]
ranging from one hundred to one thousand dol-
lars, at the discretion of the court, as a criminal
offense. It imposed on a set of officers a judicial
character so odious in its nature, that he appre-
hended few would be found willing to take the
responsibility of accepting the office on such terms.
It reached everything written, printed, or painted
