334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
that the money proposed to be appropriated, a
little over two hundred thousand dollars, could
be w.ll expanded at Pmsacola; and he repeated
his former assertion, that the average jince ot
labor was one third less m the South than in the
Noith. Lilmr could be procuied on the spot to
any amount, and half a million could well be ex-
pendí d dm in? the current year. He again re-
clined to his ibimer chanre of inequality of ex-
pti.dituiv, and said he \i as prepared to prove all
.he had urged on that subject against all the spe-
cious and voluble arguments that had been ad-
vanced to the contrary.
Mr. PEYTON called the attention of the
House to the report of Captain Chace of the
United States engineer corps, which stated the
depth of water on the bar at Pensacola to be from
twenty-three and a half to twenty-four feet, and
consequently that all ships of war, less than first
rates, could sail m and out.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to—yeas 151, nays 26.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Anthony, Ashley, Bailey, Barton, Bealc, Bell, Bond, Boon,
Boukhn, Bovee, Boyd, Buchanan, Bunch, Burns, John Cal-
hoon,\\ lliiam B. Calhoun, Campbell, Cartel, Casey,Geoige
Cliambeis, Chapín, John F. II. Claibor.ie, Cleveland,
Corlee. Connor, Corwin, Cramer, Crane, < 'u-lnns, Cusli-
uian. Denny, Doubleday, Dunlap, Evans, Fairfield. Farhn,
Forester, French, Piulo C. Fuller, William K. Fuller, Gal-
biaith, James Garland, Rice Garland, Gdlct, Graugei,
Gray son, Grenncll. Griffin, Haley, Joseph Hall, H.imer,
Hannegan,Harper, Samuel S. Ham-on, Albeit G. Harrison,
Hawkins, Haynes, Hazelune, Henderson, Hoar, HoKcy,
Hopkins, Howard, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingcisoll, Ing-
ham, William Jack-on, Jabez Jackson, Jane-, Jenifer,
Joseph Johnson. Richard M. Johnson, Henry Johnson,
John W. Jone*, .lud on, Kennon, Kilgore, Kinnard, Klin-
gensmith, Lane, Lawler, Lawrence, Lay, Jo.-liua Lee,
Thomas Lee, Luke Lea, Leonard, Lewis, Lincoln, Love,
Lucas, Lyon, Job Mann, Martin, William Ma-on, Moses
Ma~on, Maury, May, MeCarty, MeComa=, McKennan,
McKun, Mercer, Milhgan, Montgomery, Morgan, Morris,
Page, Paikei, Patterson, Pattou, Frankhn Pierce. Dutee J
Pearce, James A. Peaice, Petugrew, Peyton, Phelps,
Pinckney, Rencher, John Reynolds, Ripley, Roane, Kobeit
son, Au'iustine H Shipped, Shields, Sickles, Sloane,
Smith, Spangler. Speight, Standefcr, Storer,Tahaferro,Tay-
lor, Thomas, John Thomson, Waddy Thompson, Toueey,
Towns, Underwood, Vanderpoel, Ward, Washington,
Weeks, White, Whittlesey, and Sherrod Williams—151.
NAYS—Messrs. A«h, Bean, Dromgoole, Effner, Fry,
Glascock, Grantland, Hiland Hall, Hardin, Uawes, Howell,
Hubley, JarVis. Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Logan,
Lojall, Manning, John Y. Mason, McLcnc, Owent, Paiks,
Rogers, Sey mour, Turner, and Wise—26.
Mr. PINCKNEY inquired if it would be in
order at that time to move, as an amendment to
this bill, the bill now before the House for the
establishment of a navy-yard at Charleston, South
Carolina ?
The CHAIR replied that it would not.
Mr. LANE rose, and remarked that, inasmuch
as five or six weeks had been spent in Committee
of the Whole on the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] to amend this bill, I
and as he had been waiting to hear the gentle- '
man's amendment renewed in the House, he
would himself renew it, in order to test the sense
of the House: He therefore moved to strike out
the appropriation, " for improvement and neces-
sary repairs of the navy-yard at Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, $67,000," and asked for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. EVERETT was opposed to striking out
the whole appropriation, though he was in favor
of its being amended in the way he had proposed
last night.
Mr. BELL said, if he had had the estimates
before him when he first made his motion, he
chould have confined his amendment to all but
what was appropriated for the repair of works
already erected.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was rejected—yeas 6,nays 160; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Graves, Hardin, Luke
Lea, James A. Pearee, and Wise—6.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Heman Allen, Anthony, Ash,
Ashley, Bailey, Barton, Bean, Bond, Boon, Bouldm,
Bovee, Boyd, Buchanan, Burns, John Calhoon, William
B. Calhoun, Cambreleng, Casey, Chapín, John F. H. Clai-
borne,Cleveland. Coffee, Connor, Cramer, Crane, Cushing,
Cushman, Darlington, Denny, Doubleday, Droingoole,Dun-
lap, Evans, Everett, Fairfield, Farlm, Forester, French,
Fry, Piulo C. Fuller, William K. Fuller, Galbraith, James
Garland, Rice Garland, Gillet, Glascock, Granger, Grant-
land, Grayson, Grennell, Griffin, Haley, Joseph Hall,
Hamer, Hannegan, Harper, Samuel S. Harrison, AlbertG.
Hainson. Hawcs, Hawkins, Haynes, Hazeltine,Henderson,
Hoar, Holsey, Hopkins, Howard, Howell, Hubley, Hun-
tington, Huntsman, IngersolJ, Ingham, William Jactaron,
Jabez Jackson, Janes, Jams, Jenifer, Joseph Johnson,
Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Ben-
jamin Jones, Judson, K< nnon. Kilgore, Kinnard, Klingen
sni'tli, Lane, Laulpr. Lawrence. Thomas Lee, Leonard,
Lewis, Lincoln, Logan, Love, Loyall. Ljon, Job Mann,
Manning, Martin, John Y. Mason, William Mason, Moses
Mason, Maury, Slav, MeCarty, MeComas, McKennan,
MeKim, McLcnc, Mercer, Milligan, Mo.itzomcry, Moore,
Morgan, Moms, Owens, Paee, Parker, Parks, Patterson,
Patton, Dutee J. Pearee, Fianklin Pierce, Pettigiew, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Pinckney, Ilencher. John Reynolds, Joseph
Reynolds, Rplei, Rome, Robeit-on, Ru-sell, Seymour,
Augustine H Shepp^rd, Shields, Sickles, Sloane, Smith.
Spangler, Speicht.Standefcr, Storer. Sutherland,Tahaferro,
Taylor, Thomas, John Thomson,Toueey, Towns,Turner,
Tuirill, Undoiwood, Vanderpoel, Wagener, Ward, Wash-
ington, Weeks, White, Whittlesey, and Sherrod Williams
—166.
Mr. EVERETT then renewed the amendment
made by him in Committee of the Whole, to
reduce the appropriation for the navy-yard at
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, from $67,000 to
§4,000. Mr. E. said it vas evident that this item
was an administration measuie; and, in proof of
this, he reft rrcd to an article which appeared
some time ago in the Globe, on the Democracy
of New Hampshire, and setting forth that the
opposition to this appropriation was a conse-
quence growing out of the opposition of the citi-
zens of "Portsmouth to the Bank of the United
¡States, &e.
Mr. BOON wished to know whether the mem-
ber from Vermont meant to say that he (Mr. B.)
was at all influenced in his vote by that publica-
tion?
Mr. EVERETT replied, certainly not; he had
spoken only of the intention of the publication.
Mr. BELL then entered into an explanation of
the reasons that had induced him to make the
motion; and stated that it was his intention, both
originally and now, to have made the very mo-
tion just made by the gentleman fiom Vermont.
It was truly the motion he desired to make at
first, but he was not then in possession of the
estimates. After some few further remarks, Mr.
B. asked for the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment; which were ordered.
Mr. CUSHMAN entered into a brief review of
the advantages of the na\al station atPortsmouth,
both for its natural advantages as a harbor—being
| open at all seasons of the year—and for the cheap-
ness with which ships could be built there, being,
on an average, twenty per cent, less than at
Boston.
Mr. LANE made a ft w remarks in reference to
the course of the gentleman from Tennessee in
making a motion that had occupied the attention
of the House for se^etal weeks, and addressing
! the House upon it himself for four days in suc-
I cession, and then retaining his seat when the vote
was taken, and refusing to answer to his name.
Mr. BELL said a few words in reply.
]     Mr. BOON inquired of the Chair whether it
would be in order then to answer the arguments
, of gentlemen made in Committee of the Whole?
The CHAIR said it would not.
Mr. BOON said, if it had, he wanted to make
I something of a party speech himself.
i     The question was then taken on the amend-
I  ment; and it was rejected—yeas 45, nays 130; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, Ashley,
Bell, Bond, Boon, Boyd, Bunch, John Calhoon, Campbell,
Carter, Nathaniel II. Claiborne, Clark, Corwm, Deberry,
Everett, Forester, P. C. FuMti, Grangi r, Graves, Grayson,
Griffin,   Hiland  Hall, Hardin,  Hawes,  Howell, Lawler,
, Luke Lea, Lewis, Love, Maury, MeCarty, McKennan,
Mercer, Rencher, Robertson, Russell. Augustine II. Sliep
perd, Sloane, Standefer, Tahalerro, Underwood, Vinton,
I and Wise— 44.
I     NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anthony, Ash. Batley, Barton,
II  Beale, Bean, Bouldin, Bovee, Buchanan, Burns, William
|   B. Calhoun, Cambreleng, Casey, Chapín, John F. H. Clai-
borne, Cleveland, Coffee, Connor, Craig, Cramer, Cuslnn ,
Cushman,   Darlington,   Denny,   Doubiedav,  Dromgoole,
Evans, Fairfield, Farhn, French, Fry, William K. Fuller,
I Galbraith, James Garland, Rice Garland, Gillet, Glascock,
Grantland, Grennell, Haley, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Hanne-
gan, Harper, Albert G. Harrison, Hawkins, Haines, Hazel-
tine, Hoar, Hopkins, Howard, Hublev, Huntington, Hunts-
man, Ingersoll, Ingham, William Jae'kson, Jabez Jackson,
Janes, Jams, Jenifer, Joseph Johnson, Richard M. Johnson,
Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Benjamin Jones, Judson,
Kenuon, Kilgore, Kinnard, Ktingensmith, Lane, Lawrence,
Thomas Lee, Leonard, Lincoln, Logan, Loyall, Lvon.
Job Mann, Manning, Martin, John Y. Mason, William
Mason, Moses Mason, May, MeComas, McKim, Milhgan,
Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Morris, Page, Parker, Parks,
Patterson, Patton, Dutee J. Pearce, Franklin Pierce,
Phelps, Pinckney, Reed, John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds,
Roane, Seymour, Sickles, Smith, Spangler, Speight, Storer,
Sutherland, Taylor, Thomas, John Thomson, Toueey,
Towns, Turner, Turnll, Vanderpo-1, Wayncr, Wash-
ington, Webster, Weeks, White, Whittlesev, and Sherrod
William—139.
Mr. WISE said, he rose to do what was per-
haps very unnecessary to do, after the vote of the
House upon the am-ndment of the gentleman
from Florida, but he fi It compelled by n sense of
duty to offer another amendment. In the thirty-
fourth line of the bill there was an appropriation
of $64,000 for improvement and necessary repairs
for the navy-yard at Pensacola. Of that $64,000,
as he informed the House both last night and
to-day, there was included $15,000 for wharves;
but the House had, very much to his wonder
and amazement, now appropriated $150,000 for
wharvts, besides that sum of $15,000, making in
the whole $165,000 for this one object,without any
appropriation at all for docks, a sum that never
could be judiciously expended in the construction
of wharves. He therefore moved to reduce the
item of $64,000 to $49,000, thereby striking
out the $15,000. He trusted, at least, that this
amendment would be agreed to, and he hoped
also that some gentleman would move a recon-
sideration of the former vote. Mr. W. was as
warm a friend as Pensacola had, and would go
almost any lengths for it, but he was convinced
that $165,000 for wharves would be a most in-
judicious expenditure.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, hoped no mo-
tion would be made to reconsider.
Mr. RIPLEY said a few words in support of
the original clause.
The amendment was then agreed to—ayes 90,
noes not counted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
I engrossed and read a third time this day.
Mr. CARTER moved a reconsideration of the
vote on the amendment respecting the navy-yard
at Pensacola.    He referred to the extraordinary
haste manifi st'd to hurry through this bill.
The CHAIR said the motion directly was not
, in order; but the gentleman from Tennessee could
attain his object by first moving to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time this day.
Mr. CARTER then made that motion.
Mr. BOON said a few words against the mo-
tion, and he was at a loss to see the justice of the
1 remark about hasty legislation on a bill which
had been some six weeks under discussion.    He
did hope  that no further difficulties would be
thrown in the way of this bill.
Mr. CARTER had no intention of throwing
any difficulties in the way; and he had come to
the conclusion to withdraw the motion, before
, the gentleman from Indiana rose.
The bill was then read the third time and
passed; and the House adjourned at six o'clock,
p. m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jpril 8, 1836.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitting reports from the
Secretaries of the Navy and War, in answer to
the resolution of the Senate of the 18th February
last, inquiring what would be the probable ex-
pense of putting the defenses of the country on a
permanent footing of strength and respectability.
The reports and accompanying estimates were,
on motion by Mr. Benton, referred partly to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and partly to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Messrs.  EWING, of Ohio, and MORRIS,
severally presented  petitions on the subject of
4 the location of the Cumberland road; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. ROBINSON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Illinois, instructing their Senators
I to vote for expunging from the Journal of the
Senate the resolution of March, 1834, censuring
I the President for the removal of the public de-
I posits from the United States Bank; and, on mo-
j tion by Mr. R., the resolutions were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. EWING, of Ohio, the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of sundry
