1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
citizens of Indiana, praying that certain public ¡
lands may be exposed to sale.                               Í
REPORTS   FROM   COMMITTEES.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported, without amendment, the bill
from the Blouse to authorize the President of the
Unit 'd States to cause to be issued to Albert G.
Smith, and others, patents for certain reserva-
tions in the Michigan Territory.
Mr. ROBBLNS,"from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to extend the naval pen-
sions to widows and orphans of deceased officers
and seamen in certain cases; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported, without amendment, the bills
from the House for the relief of Benjamin F.
Stone and Francis K. Dearborn; and also reported
unfavorably on the bill for the relief of Robert
Dickey, of New York.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRUNDY, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced a joint
resolution to change the time of the commence-
ment of the contracts of the Post Office Depart-
ment; which was read twice and referred.
EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
Mr. HUBBARD stated that the Legislature of
New Hampshire, on the 25th of June, 1835,
passed a resolution instructing their Senators in
the United States Senate to vote for expunging
from the Journals of that Senate a certain resolu-
tion which was adopted on the 28th of March,
1834; and that the Legislature also passed, at the
same time, a resolution instructing their Senators
to present their resolutions to the Senate. In
obedience, therefore, to the instructions of the
Legislature, and in accordance with his own feel-
ings, he would now ask leave to present the res-
olutions, and would move they be laid upon the
table and be printed.
The following are the resolutions referred to
by Mr. Hubbard:
" State or New Hampshire :
" He it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa- I
tices in General Court convened, That our Senators in Con-
gress be, and they are hereby, authorized to vote that the
resolution passed by the Senate of the United States on the
28th day ot March, 1834, in the words following, viz:' That
• the President, in the late executive proceedings in relation
' ty the pi'J'tic re venue, ha-, assumed upon himself autfiority and
• power not confort   ' by the Constitution and lates, but indcro-
• gatior. of both'—be éxpuii<td from the Journals of that
body; and that tliey be turther insti-.ted to lay this reso-
lution before the Senate of the United States."
Mr. RUGGLES said, that he held in his hand
a copy of resolutions passed by the Legislature
of Maine, relating to the subject of abolition pro-
ceedings in the non-slaveholding States.    They
are responsive to resolutions transmitted to the  I
Executive of Maine from the States of North and n
South Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama, calling |
upon the non-slaveholding States to suppress by |
law abolition publications.    These resolutions of
the Legislature of Maine assert, as the sense of ,'
the two  Houses, that the  Government of the
United States is one of enumerated, limited, and
defined  powers; that the  power of regulating
slavery within the States does not belong to Con-
gress, not being one of the enumerated powers;  '
that the States, with certain defined exceptions,
are, with respect to each other, distinct and sov- ,,
ereign States, each having an independent gov-
ernment, whose action is not to be questioned by  ,
any Power whatever, but by the people of such
States; and that any interference by a State, or  \
hy the citizens of a State, with the domestic con- '<
cerns  of another State, tends to break up the  '
compromises of, and to disturb the Union.    The
resolutions further declare it to be inexpedient to
legislate on the subject of abolition publications, h
because there is no abolition paper printed within
the State, and because all discussion on the sub-
ject has been arrested by the decided expression
of public disapprobation.
These resolutions (said Mr. R.) were reported
from a large and respectable committee of both
Houses, and received the unanimous assent of
that committee. In the Senate they passed unan-
imously, and nearly so in the House of Represent-
atives, a body composed of upwards of one hun-
dred and eighty members.
There was one circumstance (said Mr. R.)
which he considered deserving of the particular
attention of certain honorable Senators. He could
not refrain from reoommending it, with due defer-
ence to their serious consideration, as furnishing
an example worthy of imitation in this body in its
action upon the abolition memorials which had
been, or should hereafter be, presented here. The
circumstance to which he alluded (he said) was
this: the resolutions were permitted to pass through
both Houses of the Legislature of Maine without
one word of agitating and exciting debate.
He then moved that the resolutions be read.
Mr. CALHOUN expressed his gratification at
the tenor of the resolutions, which (he said) gave
the correct view of the subject in discussion, going
back to the good old republican principles. He
was also gratified to understand from her Senator,
that the reasons which induced Maine not to legis-
late on the subject were, that no abolition papers
were printed in that State, and no discussion of
the kind was carried on there. He would now ask
the Senator whether there was not an abolition
society in Maine, and whether it did not issue
addresses that were extensively circulated ? He
put these questions because he was anxious to
give correct information to the South on the sub-
ject.
Mr. RUGGLES replied to the inquiry of the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,]
that there had been in times past, as he had been
informed, a society in Maine, friendly to the abo-
lition of slavery; but whether that Society is in
existence now he was not able to say. He re-
garded the resolution just read to the Senate, as-
serting that public discussions of the subject had
been arrested, as justifying the belief that there
were now no proceedings relating to abolition in
that State which it was necessary to suppress by
law.
Mr. CALHOUN observed, he had put the ques-
tion because, shortly after his arrival here, he
saw a publication, drawn up with great ability,
said to be issued by a society calling itself the
Maine Abolition Society, having numerous sig-
natures appended to it. Now, he held the exist-
ence of such a society to be as dangerous to
the South as an abolition newspaper; and he
thought, if the State could suppress the one, it
could suppress the other He hoped that, in time,
public sentiment would be such at the North as
to put down all such «ocieties; but he confessed
he was incredulous as to the result. The Senator
from Maine went so far as to cite the example of i
the Legislature of Maine as worthv to be fol- '
lowed by certain Senators on that floor, meaning,
he supposed, himself for one. He thanked the
Senatorforhisadvice, and was, perhaps, so weak-
minded as to require it; but he who offered this
advice ought to have himself followed the exam-
ple recommended by him to others. He would
tell the Senator, that so long as his constituents
sent here denunciation  against the people he re-
presented, terming them pirates, murderers, and
villains, he should take the liberty to treat such
denunciations with the scorn they deserved. He
held it to be a solemn truth, that, as long as they
were compelled to discuss the subject of abolition
on petitions received there, the Abolitionists had
gained all they wanted; and solong.as they were
permitted to come there he would take the lib-
erty to speak of them in the terms they de-
served.
Mr. BROWN rose and said that he did not ''
know in what spirit the resolutions which had
been presented by the Senator from Maine, passed
unanimously by both branches of the Legislature
of that State, might be received by some gentle-
men; but in his capacity, as one of the Represent-
atives from a southern State, he hailed them with
feelings of gratification, and looked on them as a
most favorable omen, among many others, of that
peace and good will among our brethren of the
North so important to the continuance of the
Confederacy.
He did not know to what extent anti-slavery
societies existed among the people of Maine; but
when that party had been unable to return a single
member to the Legislature of that State, the res-
olutions having, as appeared on the face of them,
been passefl without a dissenting voice, strongly
condemnatory of the course of the Abolitionists,
I he thought it would require a high degree of
1 credulity to believe that they possessed either
weight of character or strength of numbers. To
expect a State to eradicate every folly or infatu-
ation from the minds of all its citizens was, and
would be found,a very impracticable undertaking.
Mr. B. said, in this, as in many others of the
Legislatures of the northern States, the unan-
imity of sentiment on this subject was almost
unprecedented. In some, he was confidently
assured, there was not an Abolitionist; in none,
could that party make any exhibition of strength.
It had been said by gentlemen on several occa-
sions that they could not sit here patiently and
hear the people of the South branded as "pirates,
robbers, and murderers," by these petitioners.
This language had repeatedly gone forth, in
speeches delivered here; the effect of it was, to
excite the feelings and sensibilities of the people
of the South.. He would now say, that he had
never heard either of the epithets just repeated
used in any, even the most offensive, of the peti-
tions. Their language was bad enough, but none
of them had used the language which had been
repeated; if they had, he, too, would have voted
against their reception, on the ground that they
had violated outrageously that rule of the Senate
which required decorum to this body, applying
precisely the same rule in regard to petitions on
this subject, that he would to those on any other
subject in regard to their reception—the consti-
tutional principle in regard to the right of petition
being the same.
Mr. B. would again ask if it was prudent that
such expressions should go forth from this Hall,
when so well calculated to inflame public feeling,
and when they were not to be found in even the
worst of the petitions themselves. None felt
more sensibly on this subject than himself; but
it was the part of wisdom as well of generosity,
for us to cultivate harmonious feelingf with those
who were aeting in concert with us in the North,
to put the Abolitionists down; and he had heard
with regret, expressions in reply to the Senator
from Maine, which he thought should have been
rather those of gratulation than of a different
character.
Mr. CALHOUN asked the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Morris] to let him have the petitions that
he had withdrawn.
[Mr. MORRIS gave Mr. Calhoun some peti-
tions, and said he could not consent for them to
be used at that time.]
Mr. CALHOUN said he was utterly astonished
at the remarks of the gentleman from North
Carolina.   These                         made when the
Ohio petitions were presented and read, and in
the gentleman's presence. Memory was frail,
but he could hardly be mistaken as to the offen-
sive epithets used in the Ohio memorials. Cer-
tainly, (said he,) all remembered that we were
charged with dealing in human flesh—an allega-
tion as strong as any he had quoted. The Sena-
tor from North Carolina could not rejoice more
strongly than himself to see this spirit of aboli-
tion arrested, but he feared that it wa* too strong
to be easily subdued.
The feelings as indicated in these resolutions of
the Legislature of Maine, were certainly to be
highly commended, and he had taken occasion to
express the satisfaction with which he received
them. He had thought it, however, right for the
people of the South to know that there was an
abolition society in Maine, which put forth very
able and extensive publications.
Mr. LINN would merely remark that the peti-
tions to which the gentleman from South Caro-
lina alluded, had been withdrawn by the gentle-
man who presented them, before taking any ques-
tion on them.
Mr. MORRIS observed, that he had put the
petitions which he had withdrawn, into the pos-
session of the Senator from South Carolina, but
not with a view that he should use them publicly
on the occasion. It was true that he did present
petitions, couched in language deemed by other
gentlemen to be exceptionable, but which he then
and now thought, were perfectly unexceptiona-
ble; and that he had afterwards withdrawn
them, at the solicitation of his friends, to make
way for a Quaker petition, as if that was entitled
to a precedence over those from Ohio.   At a
