336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8.
he should present them to the Sen-
proper  time, ii^  ■"----r-----        „       í    /~t       r
ate. and if the Senator from South Carolina
objected to their reception, and should be sus-
tained l v the Senator from North Carolina and
other Senators, the petitions might be rejected.
The Senate would then see in what language the
pennons were drawn up. and might judge for
itself whether thev were as offensive as they had
been represented to be. Remarks had been made
on that floor in relation to these petitioners, which
he deemed very erroneous. It mattered not
what class of citizens presented themselves as
petitioners, thev were entitled to a respectful hear-
in , Thev had been termed miserable fanatics,
vife incendiaries, and charged with an intention
to dissolve the Union. AH those interested in
putting down this spirit which they so much de-
precated, had used these violent terms in reference
to persons petitioning: for what thev deemed Con-
gress had a right to grant. He had always thought
that these people had an undoubted right to be
heard, and he was of opinion that the receiving
their petitions, and then rejecting «them immedi-
ately, as moved by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, was tantamount to refusing to receive
them; it was keeping the word of promise to the
ear, and breaking it to the hope.
He would here take occasion to correct an error
that appeared in one of the morning papers. His
name was there given in the list of those who
voted to reject the prayer of the petitioners. His
name ought not to have been on that list; he gave
no such vote, and, consistently with his views,
could not vote to reject a petition without giving
the subject of it a fair examination. Could he
have done this, he would have no hesitation in
voting with the Senator from South Carolina, to
refuse to receive the petition at all. He would here
make another acknowledgment with respect to a
declaration he made to his friend from Georgia.
When he first took his seat here as a Senator of
the United States, he believed that Congress had
a right to legislate on the subject of slavery in the
District of Columbia; and he was also of opinion
that sound policy required that something should
be done with regard to it. He was now con-
vinced, from information since acquired, that it
was not expedient for Congress to touch the sub-
ject, and he would gladly rid them of all further
solicitation to legislate on it, by going, with the
Senator from South Carolina, for a retrocession
of the District to the States to whom it originally
belonged. lie believed that, as long as Congress
had exclusive jurisdiction over the ten miles
square, petitions for abolishing slavery would be
continually pouring in. The feelings which in-i
duced these petitions were the deepest rooted of
any in the human breast; they were excited by a [
high sense of religious duty, and no human power !
could ever induce them to abandon what they be- i |
lieved themselves thus bound to perform. A re-
trocession of the District, therefore, would be the
best mode of relieving Congres  from continued
petitions on this subject, and of avoiding that
agitation and excitement which gentlemen said
threatened a dissolution of the Union. Mr. M.
here took an extended view of the subject of
dissolution and secession from the Union, deny-
ing that there was any power in any State either
to dissolve or secede from the Union. A man
(said he) may commit treason against his Gov-
ernment, and, if he succeeds, he is a hero; but if
he fails, his fate is that of a traitor. When he j
heard gentlemen speak so frequently of a disso-
lution of the Union, he asked himself if it was !
possible they could be in earnest, and could sup- \
pose that there was any power capable of per- ■
forming what had been thus threatened.              |
Mr. PRESTON expressed his approbation of;
the resolution. The people of Maine had taken |
fair, just, and honorable grounds, which were
dictated by an honorable spirit of patriotism. It
was because he felt great apprehension, as to the
consequences of the agitation of this subject, that
he so highly appreciated the sentiments of the
resolution. But, although it might not be com-
petent for an individual, or a single State, to at-
tempt to dissolve the Union, if Maine had taken
a different stand, and this matter had continued
to grow and spread, it would have involved the
disunion of the Government. He had, he be-
lieved, heretofore said that the South could, if
placed in a situation of self-defense, protect it-
self.     For his part, he did not, as a southern |
gentleman, ask any favors, or fear any result.
He was glad, however, to see the indication of a
better state of feelings.    These  resolutions ex-
Eressed their disapprobation of any interference
y one State in the domestic affairs of another
State. As the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Rug-
gles] had given them a lecture from this resolu-
tion, he would not take a similar course in regard
to him. It was an easy matter for gentlemen
living at the extreme North, to read a lecture to
those of the South. He, however, preferred the
resolution of the Legislature of Maine, to the
lecture. If it was wrong for those of the South
to interfere with the domestic concerns of the
North, it was as wrong for them to interfere in
theirs of the South. As to the agitation, they
had had the initiatory and the conclusion. He
spoke of the numlwr of petitions thathadbeen sent
here .which, in the aggregate, amounted to twenty-
eight thousand, and adverted to the language of the
petitions. They had called the petitioners incen-
diaries and fanatics, and the petitioners had called
them immoral and irreligious. They could not
take away the offensive character of the petitions,
by wrapping them up in honeyed words; they !
could not knit up or intertwist the phraseology ;
as they pleased. It was not fair or decent in re-
gard to them, to say this or that institution in
the South is immoral. They were not called on
to plead to this matter. He rose merely to ex-
press his approbation of these resolutions, tf
this matter was to be stopped, it was necessary
that the moral, intellectual, and legislative power
of the country should be interposed. He enter-
tained the hope that the thing was not so far gone
as to be remediless.
Mr. MORRIS, in justice to the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Brown,] must say that his
impressions were that his statements in regard to
these petitions were correct. He had suggested
to the Senator from South Carolina, whence gave
him these petitions, that he was not to use them
on the present occasion; and he had also informed
him that, as soon as the present debate was over,
he would lay them before the Senate, when all
could judge whether the language was such as
they deemed proper to be received, or otherwise.
, Mr. CALHOUN was very happy that the Sen-
i ator from North Carolina had at last made up his
mind to reject petitions that were such as he would
deem offensive in their language; and he hoped
that he and all other southern Senators would in
time see the propriety of rejecting all abolition
petitions, no matter in what language they were
couched, for, from the very nature of the sub-
ject they treated, they must be offensive to the
South.
Mr. BROWN felt himself bound to explain,
with a view to prevent any misapprehension on
this subject. He did say, that the epithets, which
, he had before repeated, were not, as had been
represented,in any of the petitions which he had
examined or had heard read, offensive as their
language was. The gentleman from South Car-
olina has not been able, he presumed, to find the
alleged epithets in the petition which he had then
before him, and to which he had made reference,
otherwise he supposed he would have read them
to the Senate. He only draws inferences from
certain vague and general expressions, having no
immediate application to the people of the South,
i It was not that on which he had made the issue,
I but it was upon the existence of the fact, whether
1 the epithets alleged to be used in the petitions
were to be found in any of them ? He had not
been met on that issue, but by constructions and
inferences put on vague and general expressions,
having no particular application as to the people
of the South.
He had made this explanation, he would again
repeat, in reference to the language of these peti-
tions, to prevent highly-colored pictures of their
offensive language from going abroad, to add to
1 the excitement already existing on this subject,
and to repel the inference that he and his friends
had voted to receive a petition couched in terms
¡ such as had been spoken of.
I     It is, sir, (saidMr. B.,) a very greatsin, in the
, estimation of some gentlemen, to votito receive '
I these petitions; but they must recollect that they I
set the example. He expressed the confident
belief, that both of the gentlemen from South
Carolina voted, at the last session, to receive
petitions of a like character. He could cite a
dozen instances from the Journal of the last ses-
sion where they were received, on different days,
by the unanimous consent of this body, and, more
than that, were unanimously referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia; and certainly
the gentlemen could not have been absent upon
every occasion, with their known attentive habits
to business. To enlist in a warfare with these
petitioners on this floor, when their objects had
found but few, if any, advocates here, was but
little calculated to gain distinction or elevation for
the South; he had, therefore, uniformly been in
favor of that silent and contemptuous course to-
wards them, by which they always had been con-
signed to a neglect and insignificance, to them the
most cutting and mortifying course of all others;
and to the exertions of honorable gentlemen they
were indebted for that notoriety which the present
session of Congress had more than ever given
them.
The Senator from South Carolina nearest to
him, [Mr. Preston,] in alluding to some of his
remarks, said that he would not tender his grati-
tude to the Legislature of Maine, because they
adopted these resolutions; that they were nothing
more than what the South was entitled to, and
whatthe South had a right to demand. He trusted
that he, too, felt that manly independence becom-
ing a southern representative; he trusted that he,
too, would never ask more than the South was
entitled to leceive; but he also trusted that he
never should be insensible to those sympathies
which bound together the different sections of
this great Republic, nor backward in expressing
the pleasure with which he saw a kindred feeling
cherished by his brethren of any portion of their
common country. This was the ground that he
took, and these were the feelings which called
forth the animadversions of the Senator from
South Carolina. He well knew the strength of
the South and its capability to protect itself against
all attempts on its internal peace; on that he felt
the most perfect reliance; but the resolutions just
read from the State of Maine, he thought, ought
to be hailed by every southern man as an earnest
of the indissoluble ties which bound the North
and South together, and of the strength and dura-
bility of the Union.
Mr. CALHOUN said, the Senator from North
Carolina certainly did not hear his remarks. The
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Morris] had put the
petitions in his hands, and suggested to him not
to use them. He would now refer to some of
the expressions found in one of these petitions;
among them was the phrase, " traffic in human
flesh," a phrase borrowed from the shambles—
from the butchers; holding up to all the world,
that the gentleman and his constituents treated
human beings as they treated beeves. That was
the first. The petition went on to say, that [deal-
ing in slaves] "had been solemnly declared piracy
by the laws of our own, and all Christian nations;
assimilating the acts of himself, and those whom
he represented, with the acts of those who seize
Africans on the coast of Africa, and sell them
for slaves. If he could lay his hands on the other
petitions, he could point out the epithets he had
quoted; but those he had given were, he thought,
sufficiently offensive to justify a southern repre-
sentative in voting to reject them. But he would
read a little further. " It [slavery] was sinful be-
cause it violated the laws of God and man;" be-
cause it [slavery] corrupted the public morals.
This was some of the language of the petitions
which had been withdrawn to make way for the
Quaker petitions which were first tried in order
to obtain the sanction of the southern represent-
atives to that most dangerous of all principles,
that they were bound to receive petitions, no mat-
ter in what language they were drawn. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina had mistaken him in
supposing he had found nothing in these petitions
that was as offensive as he had termed them The
Senator from Ohio, onputting theminto his hands,
had requested him not to use them at that time.
Mr. MANGUM would inquire of his colleague
whether he understood him correctly in saying
that he would feel it his duty to reject petitions
