338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
power. What, sir ! the fricrls nt a cerium po-
l-fcal parry to deluge the S<uth with puidyuions
o-i a «.ii'Mo't of such delicacy, and so web ra cil-
iated ¡o be used by their opponents to t.ieu- dis-
advantage! Could anything ¡v mo.-e a jsurj t.i.m
such a "supposition? No, sir; it was another
party, and far more sagacious and calculating m
their designs than the deluded zealots who were
used to subserve their political purposes; and
what most powerfully corroborated this opinion,
was the fact that the presses of this party imme-
diately seized upon these incendiary publications
so opportunely thrown out, and wielded them
with great force and ingenuity against their op-
ponents. He repeated That the whole was not a
fanatical movement, but that it had a political
party in alliance with it, and shown so plainly to
be so by subsequent event"!, as hardly to need a
confirmation. How then could lie, as a southern '
man, give his vote to deny the right of petition, !
and sanction designs which, from the beginning
to the end, he utterly condemned ? How could
he, as a southern man, give his vote to uphold a
d'eep laid party scheme, as he believed, that had
been floating for a time on the tempestuous waves
of political excitement, but that was destined in-
evitably to subside into its original insignificance
with the occasion which produced it.
Sir, (said Mr. B.,) the course I took was dic-
tated by the highest considerations of public, duty,
and flowed from a jealous regard of the rig its
and honor of the South, as well as a sincere and
ardent attachment to the Union.   It was to aid in
reprobating the attempts to desecrate the social
relations and domestic peace of the South,by the
introduction of this dangerous question into her
politics, creating an unreasonable and unfounded
jealousy of our northern fellow-citizens, and weak-
ening the bonds of this Union, to subserve the
unholy designs of party—it was for these reasons
that he had taken the stand that he did. And grati-
fied he was at the result; for everything that had
transpired on this subject since the commencement
of the session, had only tended to show that the
attachment of the people to this Union was not j
to be shaken, and that it rested on the most firm
and abiding foundations. These were the reasons
which induced him to take the course he did. And
was  he to be told  that he was recreant to the
South, because he had done that which had been
done on repeated occasions by those quite equal
in intelligence, patriotism, and chivalrous south-
ern feelings to those who now claimed to be the
exclusive defenders of southern honor?    Was he j
to be accused  of the dereliction of duty to the
South, for voting to receive petitions on the sub- I
ject of, abolition, by those who were present on
repeated occasions, when such petitions were not :
only unanimously received, but referred to one of !
the standing  committees of that  body without
raising the slightest objection to the reference?
He knew that the South had too much strength
within  her   own   bosom   to   be   unnecessarily l
alarmed; and he knew that she had too much !
intelligence to permit herself to bo excited to her '
own injury by the cry of "wolf! wolf!" when '
there was no danger.
He had conceived it to be his duty to malee
these few remarks, principally in self-defense.
There was nothing further from his intention
when he took his seat this morning than to en-
gage in a discussion of this nature; for hé had
hoped that this spirit of evil omen had received
its death blow, and that it would be no more
revived this session. He regretted that the gen- \
tlcman from South Carolina "liad thought proper
on an occasion like this, when the resolutions of
Maine came bearing the olive branch, to receive
them, not in the spirit of peace, but in the spirit
of discord.
Mr. PRESTON said, that three years ago,
when he took his seat in this body, a petition on
this subject was presented. He was unacquainted
with the practice of the Senate, and looked round
him to see if some one more experienced than
himself wai not going to rise; and seeing none,
he rose, and made the question of its reception.
But gentlemen from all parts of the Senate rose,
and said it had been usual to give petitions of that
kind a particular direction, where they quietly
remained, without being heard of more. A Sen- :
•tor from Maryland said that was the lion 'a den I
for tVpe petitions.    He was willing they should ¡
be Li'il on the  table, or dis nt ;hed  in any other
way. and acquiesced.   Bit did not the gv.itleman
f.-i'.n North Carolina [Mr. Rnowx] &ee a different
state of circumsian-i s inw?   The Clunkers had
said they had pressed it year after year without
interruption, and there were more petitions pre-
sented this session than had been since the com-
mencement of this institution.    If a mischievous
boy throw a cracker on the floor of the Senate,
and the Sergeant-at-Arms tramped it out, it was
a small matter.    But when, if the building was
surrounded by incendiaries with torches in their
hands, were they not to be roused from their
lethargy?    He was not going to be impelled to
mix up this matter with polities, which separated
father from son, and party from country, and
mingle them in its own vortex.   While a portion
of them were alarmed, while  they counted by
hundreds and by thousands what used to be units,
philosophy taught them distrust on both s.des.
While the" gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Brown] says party feelings  on our  side have
induced this alarm, let us say party may have its
influence on  his  side.    He (Mr. P.) entreated
gentlemen, when they called them alarmists, to
bear in mind that there was another party saying
"peace!  peace!"  where  there was  no peace.
Which was the safe side, to magnify or diminish
the danger?    Were they to fold their arms, and
wait till the presidential clectio i was over ? They
might then find a storm too violent to resist.   He
did not say whether party had been m"xed up
with this matter. But it was said they had falsely
raised the cry of " wolf! wolf!"  The shepherd's
boy cried "wolf! wolf!" when the shepherd was
asleep, and the wolf came !
Mr. RUGQLES remarked that, in presenting
to tVe Senate the resolutions which had been so
cordially approved by Senators from the South,
he had  not expected that a debate wou'd have
ensued characterized as this has been.  The sen-
'■ timents n.id opinions contained in those rcsolu-
1 tions, he had supposed, would be consolatory to
southern feeling, and they had been warmly ap-
1 proved from that quarter.  One of the resolutions
asserted that nil public discussion of the question
of slavery had been arrested and suppressed in
Maine, by a decided expression of public disap-
probation. Gentleman say they heartily approve
of these resolutions, and lie regretted  they had
not, on  this occasion, given  a practical illustra-
tion of the sincerity which he had no doubt they
felt, in expressing their approval of the supprcs-
' sion of such discussions.    The circumstance of
their having passed without  any exciting and
agitating debate, he had ventured, with great def-
erence, to commend to favorable  consideration.
: He said that he himself had  been so favorably
impressed with it, as an example, that lie should
follow it, on  this occasion, by abstaining from
any discussion  of the matter, and should move
I that the resolutions be printed, and  hoped  the
i question would be permitted to be taken without
1 further debate.
\     The resolutions were then laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House making appropria-
tions for the naval service, for the year 183f>, was
read twice, and referred.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
War Department, in answer to a resolution of
the 1st instant, inclosing a statement from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs of the expenses
attending the holding of a treaty with the Chip-
pewa Indians; also a report from the same, trans-
mitting surveys from the Topographical Bureau,
of certain harbors in Maine; also a report from
the same, made in pursuance of the act of the
6th of May, 1822, containing a statement of the
accounts rendered by the disbursing agents of
the Indian Department.
The CHAIR also communicated a report from
the Treasury Department, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the Senate, requiring to be informed of the
amount of money collected and expended for sick
and disabled seamen; which wa3 referred to the
I Committee on Commerce.
THE LONG BRIDGE.
The joint resolution providing for the expend-
iture of the surplus appropriated for the bridge
over the Potomac, in the improvement of the
Maryland avenue, leading to said bridge, was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. WALKER moved to take up the bill to
extend the time for completing certain preemp-
tions, under the act of 1324; but after a short
discussion the motion was negatived.
TREATY WITH SPAIN.
The bill to carry into effect the eighth article of
the treaty with Spain, was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
GRANT OF LAND.
The S:nate proceeded to the consideration of
the bill granting a certain quantity of land to the
State of Missouri for internal improvements.
Mr. BENTON explained the objects of the bill.
, The principle (he said) contained in this bill, had
been voted for in the general land bill, distribut-
ing the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
among the States.   In drawing it up, however,
I he had only provided for the State of Missouri,
i and those gentlemen representing new States that
¡ had not received anv donations for the public
works, might now offer amendments to provide
1 for them; while those representing States that had
! received grants, might move to amend it by adding
' grants for so much as would make, together with
' what they had received, the same number of acres
I as was granted to Missouri by this bill.
j     Mr. WAliKER moved to amend the bill by
inserting a grant of five hundred thousand acres;
' and on  Mr. Nicholas moving to insert a like
grant for the State of Louisiana, accepted the
motion as a modification of his amendui nt.
¡     Mr. KING, of Alabama, then moved to amend
the' bill by inserting a grant of so much to each
of the States of Alabama, Indiana, and  Illinois,
as would make, with what the said States had
already received, five hundred  thousand acres
each.
After some remarks from Mr. EWING,
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he felt little interest
in the question involved in the discussion between
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benton] and
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ewing] as to who
had received the most of the public lands.   For
his part, he was satisfied the State of Ohio had
received enough.    If it was unjust to grant these
lands to Ohio, he did not feel bound to follow up
that injustice in regard to other States.    He had
risen to state, so that he might not be misunder-
stood, that he would vote for these amendments,
and after that  he would  vote against the whole
bill.    He regarded it as an act of the most fla-
grant injustice and partial legislation.    If it were
termed liberality to the new States, it was injus-
tice to the old  ones.    He was constrained, by a
i sense of justice to the old States, to place himself
in opposition to the whole bill.    What had these
1 new States done to merit such   liberality on the
1 part of the General Government, except encoun-
; tering  the difficulties of settling a  new  State?
\ There was not one half the difficulties in settling
them that was encountered in the settlement of
j Kentucky.     In fact, Kentucky and Tennessee
were the pioneers to the  settlement  of the new
States.     Until  a   mere  matter   of favor could
¡justify  the Senate in going on with these par-
i! tial grants, he must oppose them.    And until a
i  proper disposition should be manifested towards
!  the old States, as well as the new ones, he should
vote against it.
Mr. CLAY presumed there was no intention,
on the part of the Senate, to pass this bill, either
¡ as originally reported or in any shape the amend-
|l menfs might present it; and presuming that it
would be rejected on its third reading, he thought
it would prevent delay to take the question as to
j the final disposition of it at once. He therefore
| moved that it be indefinitely postponed.
| Mr. BENTON said he had been treated in a
j manner which ou'raged all the rules and thecour-
¡ tesies of parliamentary proceeding; his own bill
j had been taken away from him and put into an-
I other which he detested, and against which he
i voted, and thus voted against his own. He had
I borne this treatment for years, but he should bear
I it no longer without availing himself of every
