1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
motion and of everv effort known to the rules of
the I Litis-', t > eoueit the wrong «Inch had be! n
d )'ie liiul. Four or live years ago he btongln Hi
mis in! to >rrtnt to Missouri live hiridred thou-
sand aeres <'t land, for the purposes of inn-real
mipr n.-m-'H. It was only halt'the quantity
« (ui ii li < 1 l> i n granted to Oino tor similar pii>-
poses. T.ie bill had bee:) favorably considered
liy il)' iy latí , pud was ordered to a third reading.
In this slate, the ¡Senator from Kentueky [Mr.
Clvy] had got it incorporated in h-s distribution
b.ll, where he ( Mr. B.) had to vote against it, and
where it had shared the fate of that bill, being
vetoed with it. It was now in the same distribu-
tion bill, and must share us fate a second time,
be that fate w hat it may. Certainly he (Mr. B.)
would vote rgamsl it forever in that bill; and it
was nearly certain, looking to the President's
messages, that it would bo vetoed again even if it
passed Congress.
Mr. Ü. said his bill had a right to stand or fall
upon its ohm ineuts. It ought not to be subjected
to the fate of the distnoution bill,and would have
none of the main objections of that bill to en-
counter. It had repeatcd'v received the vote of
majomas w.nlein that bill, and he presumed
would reocvet'ie vote of majorities again. The
gentleman from Kentucky nearest to him [Mr.
Crittevoev] might consistently vote agamst it,
as lie int.mated an intention to do, for he had
nevir voled for it in the other bill; but the case
was dirteient with the Senator from Ohio; [Mr.
Ehinc] he had voted for it often in the dissubu-
tion bill, and might vote against it by itself, and
justify himself as he could for the contradiction.
It was perfectly immaterial to him (Mr. B.) what
the plea of justification was. He knew that the
grant was either rnrlit or wong; if wroni, it
ougiit not to !>e voted for in thed stnbution bill; if
rig it, it ought not to bj rejected in its own bill.
T.ie whole pioeeeding, he said, hid been not
jniy a violation of parliamentary rules and pro-
prieties in resjiect to hina, but an injury to the
átate of M'ssouri,and, besides that, an insult to
her. That S.ate wished to have the grant; she
was entitled to it, upon the same principle that
3mn Uad'n-eeived a million of acres, Alabama
four hundred t íousand, and Illinois and Indiana
near half a million eacn. Tins she was entitled
to, and the Legislature of the State had pass 'd
resolutions t aiming the grant, and had also
passed resolutions against the land distribution
oill. In this state of the question, it was not
only a wrong, but it was an insult to the State to
lake the grant which she had asked for, and put
it into a bi.l wluc i had received a veto, and would
al m ost certainly receive it again, and against which
she had instructed her delegation to vote; and
thus say to her.in effect, that she should not have
the grant she applied for, unless she would take
also what she ojjected to; and it was laying her
.•Senator  u.ider the necessity of voting against a
grant to tiieir own State. This had "haopened.
He had voied against the grant himself, when
found l.i the land biil of the Senator from Ken-
lucky, [Mr. Clvt,] and the newspapers of a
certain paity had taken great pains to emblazon
that vote; but the intelligent and high-spirited
people of M ssouri sustained him in his course,
and were indignant at the outrage to herself and
the trick u^o i her Senator.
Another feature of this case Mr. B. would
mention. His bul had been buried in the Land
Committee of 1S33-'j4 for seven months. He
brougiu it in as soon as Congress met; it went to
the Puohc Land Committee, and it remained there
till the end of the session in June, and was then
returned amon| the unconsidered business of the
committee, [Here Mr. B. inquired of the Secre-
tary who composed that committee? The Secre-
tary gave him a list of the names. He read some of
them: Mr. Poindexter, Mr. Clay, Mr. McKean,
&c] He said that a member of the committee
told him he had never heard of it in committee;
and when at the end of the session his bill was
returned among the unconsidered business of the
committee, he had called the attention of the
S Mate to the f ict, by way of showing how his
bill had been treated, and he had also sent an
attestation of the fact to the Governor of the
State, to be shown to the members of the Gene-
ral Asneo) lily.   Thus had he been treated, and
I not himself only, but the State whose Senator he
was, .,iul vv 'ios ■ interests were thus tramnl- d
upin. For s< vt ral jenrs he had annually brought
H> th f. 0:1'. It was not, hefoi > the Sena e again,
and m a iluphe ,ie I'.irm. It was in a lull by itself,
and it was ,Js> m the land distri'mtion bill. In
the litter bill it could ii'vtr pass; m the bill by
itself it might piss, and eeitainlv would, unless
the s'vhH.-u'Ic was exhibited of those refusing to
vote fir it in one bill and voting fur it in another.
Tne Senator from 0!n > [Mr. Em\o] intended to
exhibit that spectacle for one, but he knew of no
others, and presumed that the miprity of those
who voted for it in one bill wi.ulJ do it in the
other; as right was right, whether it was found
in his bill or in that of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Cut.)
Mr. B. said that six of the new S'ates were
interested in the bill.    They all claimed grants on
the same principle that Ohio had obtained hers.
Ohio had received a million and  six  thousand
acres for internal improvement.    This quantity
was stated to him in writing by the 1 ite C imm.s-
sionerof the LandOlJioe, [Mr. Haywaid.]    Mis-
souri, Mississippi, and Louisiana had received
nothing; Alabama. Indian t, and Illiuo s had re-
ceived less than half a million each; and his bill
proposed that each of tin. so six Stttes should le-
eeive half as much as 0'i:o.  Tn ■ anplicntio.i was
moderate, for they might Wi.il demand the same
quantity that Ohio  had  received.    All of them
had the same interest in the issue of his motion;
for all these grants had been s.-tz>d upon, and
crammed into the distribution bill, to swell the
mass of temp'at.on which that bill held out; they
had ail been vetoed in that bill, and would, judg-
ing from  the  Piesident's messages,  be vetoed
again, if kept in it.    They should all go in a bill
by themselves.    They were in a bill  by them-
se.ves befoie thny were cngulphed in  the  miw
of the distribution bill.    They had been in that
maw about as m tny years as Jonah was days in
the whale's belly,and he now meant to g t thorn
out of it, and m ist appeal to th'  justice of the
Senate—it was the first time he had  ever made
such an appeal —he must appeal to thc.r justice
li restore him his bill,and let itstand or fail upon
its own ments.
Mr. EVVING-, of Ohio, said there was a slight
difference between the S 'iiator from Missouri
[Mr. Bss-ton] and himself. He had combined
the am junt of lands given to Ohio with grants for
colleges and silt reservations.
Mr. BEX TON meant grants far internal im-
provements alone.
Tiie<i,sjud Mr. EWINGr, he is mistaken as to
the amount. He [Mr. Be-jtov] ask d whether
we intend to vote in good faith. I do nit Csiid
Mr. E.) vote in goad faith or bad faith for any
parti ;ular State. I vote in good faith for what I
i believe to be the hem fit of all the States.
Mr. PORTER would vote for both the amend-
ments and the bill with the same readiness that
he would vote for the general land bill, as an a"t
of justice to Louisiana and all the new States.
He should also vote for the general land bill, for
the surplus revenue had so increased that he saw
no other way of getting rid of it on fair princi-
1 pies. He should vote for the grant to the State
of Missouri with other naw States, as a general
chuse. He thought the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Bentov] entirely too se.isitive about the
course his bill had taken; there nvght be good
reasons why Senators from old States refuse to
vote for it now, and were willing to vote for it in
the general land bill.
Mr. CALHOUN inquired whether the princi-
ples contained in this bill were not contained in
the b.ll of the same nature introduced by the
Senator from Mississippi ?
Mr WALKER replied that the equalizing
principle was.
Mr. CALHOUN said that the bill introduced
i by the Senator from Mississippi had been refer-
red to a select committee, and they ought at least
to wait for the report of that commitfp, before
they proceeded further with this bill. He would
move, therefore, to lay it on the table.
Tne question was then taken on this motion,
and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 26,
| nays 8, as follows:
I    YCAi—Urn*™.  Brown,  Calltoun, Clay, Crittenden,
'I Cuthb-rt, Dnvs, Ewi'i  of Ohio, Cod luromli. t; limit.
II uluciv , Hilt, ll'ili'i tul, Kent, Km,' o   \! itvi'i i. Km ; i<l
(Jeorjui, Km; it, M 'iviau, "v til ! mi, \il -, 1\   in -, |'n ■,
to,i. I! ibhiii'., ¡?lK'|>lin, mvi I, I iiliilin ii i   i   i| U li t —;i
V \VS    M'-.-ri  He moil. Ill k «. l.i in   \i-i.nl i~   I'nrltr,
Kulii iioii, Kug>k>4, iiml \V ukri —•■
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the Sr nte tlien
proceeded to tin consideration ofixceurv -I um-
ncss; after which it adj mrni.l.
HOUSE OF REPRESENT VTIVES.
Friday, JprUS, 1S3G.
The following resolutions were submitted en
1  leave, and agreed to:
By Mr. MORGAN:
Rcoh'ed. That the Committee on Rcvo!u'ionary Pen-
sions be ina.rucfil to injure eito the etpediui.cv ol re-
placing George Col and Ab.aiom Ro-nr o¡ Vicuna, on
tae [K-iisioii roll.
By Mr. PEARCE, of Maryland:
Resueti, That th' Committee on the Post Office nnd
Po t Rood* be directed to inquire into the propueij ot es-
ti.ili.luiie; the to.loiving p> t route , viz. 1'roiu Poit De-
posite, in Cecil coin >, Marylan I, i|irau?li Pnrcipia a>ij
No th L ist, to E,k:o!i,in said count}; aNo, train Cliu.cli
Hill, in Q.ieen \ni- countv, Mainland, through Koe'j
C o-s ro ids, the Beaver D uiu and Gu loc-Kt >\vn,i,i i li-
ba na Sute a id couiiiv, to Uov, r, in thd b.ate o, Oelawaie.
Mr. HANNEGAN asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the foliowni"- resolu-
tion :                                                             °
RcsSaed, Thatths bill providing for th" graduat-on ard
redaction ot the pic- o. tlic p.ib ic lud, h- made the
spec ai o.-Jar o Hi • d w ,o. Tae d iv micc din < th ■ d.iv on
w.iieii the special o.djr co-ic -ming th ■ o <!i i,uv nppropr.a-
tuu b.llu =hail bj eoinpucd with, or so soon a-, tlic snms
shall have b-e.'i di.pi ed o , and lor eac'i «ucceed ng day
th-rcater, Fndiy. and Si'udiv, etcpt'd, u.it.l the
quMions invjlvd in the fi lal i,i po-itioiis ot tne nub.ic
du.n un shall havj boon d ■terui.ned.
Oojection being made, Mr. HANNEGAN
moved to suspend the rules for the purpose indi-
cated; and as he wished to know distinctly what
cvtirs- gentle tien intended to take upon that im-
portant subject, hp nsked for the yeas and nays
on hismition; winch were ordcied.
Mr. CAMBRELENG stid if the gentleman
would modify his resilution, so as to include in
it the oill regulating the deposits of the public
moneys in certain local banks, he would mo3t
che-rfullv vite for it.
Mr. HANNEor VN had no objection, and
would so modify Ins resolution.
Mr. SUTHERLAND moved to amend the re-
solution by including also the light-house and
harbor bills.
, The CH VIR remarked, that until the resolu-
tion was in possession of the House, a motion to
amend it was not in orJ^r.
i The question was then taken, and the Hou^e
refused to suspend the rul s for the purpose indi-
cated—yeas 74, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Vf.'ws. C'nl'on AJÍ ni, A 'iliy, Bailsy, Dim,
Bell, Hooi, Duncli. William B. Callioun, Cainbrclcnc;.
Carter, Ca«>y, Chap nai, Ouipm, Jo'in F. H. Claiborne,
Ciev 1 md, Coftee, Corwm, JLlicki-r on, Du.iKp. Everett,
r.u m,rf^uch,Gilbraith, Iim^ Girlaiid.G.ilel.GIa cock,
Grander. Joseph H.11I, Hiland Hall, Hum ga i. Hardin,
Vb-rrG Hirrison, Hiwei, H iw tins, [lav íes, Hazol'ine,
U il>ey, Hoiv-ll, Hj it, Ilujtiirjio.i, Uu it°iuan, Ja-u^,
Ki nri il, L.111". L^wlcr, Liv, Luke Ld.i, Lo^aM, L.vo i,
Almry, JIu, M'Keiinin. YJeüim, M -rccr, Montgoinery,
Page, Jaiii-s A. Peaice, Petuguw, Phelps, Kench -r, Jo'in
R-Jnoli,, Jos. p'l R-yno'd', Roane, Willnm B Shcpai I,
Shi idi, Spangler, Sp nht, Staurtcn r, John Thomson,
VViJJ/ T i nip in, Vowa-, U 11-rwJ >J, VVailuiijtau,
W -ok- , ^herrod William., and Wi e - 74.
NAY3— We—rs. H'min \!len, Anthony, A~h, Bart n,
Bcltoc, Bond Boul Jm, Bove, Campbell, B orge C iim-
berí, Chaiey, Nathaniel II. Clailiorue, Clark, Con icr,Crai",
Crain.-r,Cu lung, D bsrry, Dennv, Elf i -r, Evans, Fairfield,
Philn C Fuler, Wiiliim K Fuller. G.Titlind,G-?nnoll,
GifBii, flalcy, Samu^' S Him on, Hoar, Hopkin , Hublcy,
Ingjrsoll, Inihaaa, William Jick on, J.ib z Jack-on, Jeti-
l ax, Jo epi Johnson, Cav: John on, Jul on,Kennoa, K l-
?ore, Khnjeniuiitli, Liwrence, Gi leon Uee. J-> hut l."e,
Tnoinn Lee, I.-onard, Lincoln, Loian. Job Miiin, Wil-
liam Mnon,M> es Muon. McCoun-, McLene, iI0r3.11,
I Mo na,Owens. Parser, Parki, Ou'ee J. i' -aiee, Po't ,Keed,
Robertson, Seymour. s)Ck e«, Siiiith, Stor^r, Su 'taihrid,
Tilnfeiro, Taylor, Tamer, Tuinll, Vurto i, tuid Whit-
tlesey—75.
WISCONSIN TERRITORY.
1 The HouFe, on motion by Mr. ¡\l IY, pro-
ceeded to execute the special" otder, being n bill
1 to establish the territorial govcrnmuit of V,Tis-
consin.
t The amendment of the Committee of the WLol",
by adding to the clause in relation to the sotitV ro
|j boundary line, the words, " as alt cad y Ci-cd by
il Congress," was concurred in.
