340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
TV Committee of the Whole further amended
the bill bv striking- out the grant of ten thousand
acre-of land, the proceeds of;which should be
apnlied to the erection of pu.ihc buildings, and
¡úserted V2D.000 for the same purpose.
Mr BOND moved to amend the amendment
by striking out $520,000, and inserting $12,500,
and asked the yeas and nays on the motion;
which were ordered.
Mr. B. had but a few words to say in sup- '
port of his motion. lie believed, if gentlemen
would seriously consider the question, little need
be said in favor of the amendment. He consid-
ered that $12,500 was amply sufficient to build a ,
house which was to be but a temporary building
for the use of the Legislative Council. "That sum
of money would erect very comfortable buildings,
and there was no necessity for raising extrava-
gant ones, as they were to be but temporary. In
the Indian territory they never had buildings
which cost $20,000; but they had as comfortable
accommodations as were necessary. The sum he ■
proposed was just the price of the ten thousand
acres of land at one dollar and twenty-five cents
the acre. He was in favor of giving enough,
but no more than enough. The State of Ohio
had not for some time a building, for the use of
her Legislature, worth $20,000. He therefore
insisted that, although the Treasury was full, yet
there was no reason why they should make ex-
travagant appropriations for objects which were
not to be permanent.
Mr. JONES thought that $12,500 would not
be sufficient for the purpose of erecting suitable
buildings. The gentleman had said that the
buildings were to be temporary. He admitted
that; but if they had good buildings, after the
Government no longer needed them, they might
turn them into a college. He hoped the appro-
priation would not be reduced.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, said that it was,
to be sure, desirable that appropriations should
be as small as possible; but, when it was to be
considered that this Territory was on the extreme
borders of the United States, it was difficult to
get mechanics; and, when they were prosured, it
took considerable money to pay them. There-
fore, he conceived the sum of $20,000 would be
small enough to construct suitable buildings. It
might be, if the buildings were to be erected in
this part of the country, that as mivh might be
done for $12,500 as could be done ¡n Wisconsin
for $20,000; but when money was plenty he
thought this Territory ought to have enough to
raise her convenient and comfortable buildings.
Again: when money was plenty, it required more
of it to erect such buildings than when it was
scarce, on account of the advanced price of labor
and materials. He hoped, too, that gentlemen,
when they were voting liberal appropriations
for navy-yards and other public works on the
sea-board, would also act liberally towards the
West.
Mr. BOON had not intended to say a word on
the subject, nor would he do so now, were it not
that he would be called upon to give his vote by
yeas and nays. He should vote for the proposed
amendment upon the same consideration which
had induced another branch of Congress to give
ten thousand acres of land to the Territory. Be-
sides that, some twenty years ago he had the
honor of being a representative of the Territory
of Indiana, and they then passed as salutary
laws in a log cabin as had ever since been passed
in their fine State-house; and they got along just
as comfortably then as they do now. He con-
sidered $12,500 sufficientto erect a suitable build-
ing.
Mr. PARKER expressed a desire that the ap-
propriation would not be reduced. He thought
$20,000 was a small enough sum.
•Mr. KINNARD differed in opinion with his
colleague [Mr. Boon.] It appeared to him that
to make an appropriation of $20,000 would be to
consult the best interests of the Government, as
these appropriations most assuredly would en-
hance the value of the public domain. If they
made a large appropriation it would attract public
attention to the new country. It would attract
the attention of capitalists and settlers, and they
of course v/ould purchase the public lands. If
'hey appropriated $20,000 the coasequence would
be, that they would receive in return $40,000 for !
the public lands in the vicinity. As to Indiana,
which bad been alluded to,she has had less from
the Government than any other of the Territo-
ries. She had not had a dollar to make roads,
and nothing to build a temporary seat of govern-
ment. To be sure, she had four sections of public
lands allowed her; but he contended that even the
granting of those lands were a speculation to the
Government. He hoped the appropriation would
be left at $20,000.
Mr. BOND said the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Reynolds] contended, that, because they
had voted large sums of money yesterday for
navy-yards on the s'a-board, they were bound
to-dav to vote extravagant sums for Wisconsin
Territory.    That was one of the great evils in
this kind of legislation—this bargain-making sys-
tem of appropriations. From the course of things,
it seemed to him that danger was to be appre-
hended from this kind of proceeding; and they
i ought to be more watchful to prevent this system
from creeping in.   The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kinnaro]   thought a large appropriation
would make the land more valuable in the vicinity.
Mr. B. did not believe that the building of a large |
house would enhance the value of the public lands, i
If they were to establish a permanent seat of gov-
ernment there, that circumstance might have a ,
tendency to raise the price of the public lands. !
Hedid notthink theyshould do for this Territory ¡
what they had not done for any previous one.
They were told that labor was high, and  me-
chanics were not to be procured.    He contended,
however, that mechanics could be taken there
, from a distance, and  a  comfortable  building
j erected for less than $12,500.
j     The question was then taken on Mr. Bond's
| amendment; and it was decided in the negative—
I yeas 60, nays 117; as follows:
VEAS —Messrs. Chilton Allan, Bell, Bockee, Bond,
Boon, T.oyd, Bunch, Carter, George Chambers, Chapman,
Nuhamel II. Claiborne, Connor, Corwin, Crane, Dcberry,
, Diekersoa, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Evans, Everett, Fairfield,
(ireunell, Griffin, Hiland Hall, Hard, Hirpjr, Hawes, Haw-
kins, Hoar, Hopkins,J3owell, Hubley, Janes. Jarvis, Joseph
i Johnson, Cave Johnson, Jolin VV. Jones, X^awler, Luke
Lea, Lewis, Logan,  Loyall, Marlui, Maury, MeLene,
' Montgomery, Morgan, Parks, Peyton, Phelps, Rancher,
Robertson, Russell, Standel'er, Underwood, Vinton, Web-
l ster, Lewis William*, Saerro.l Williams, .and Wise—60.
i.     NAYS — Messrs. Heman Allen, Anthony, Ash. Ashley,
, Bailey, Barton, Bean, Bovee, Buchanan, Burns,William B.
Calhoun, Cambreleng, Campbell, Ca-cj', Chancy, Chapín,
John F. H. Claiborne~Clark, Cleveland, Con";e, Craiz, Cra-
mer. Cushiiig, Cushman, Dennv, Doubledav, Effiier, F'arlin,
French, Fry, PhiloC. Fuller, William K. Fuller, Galbraitli,
Jam s Girland, Gillet, Glascock, Grander, Grantland,
Graves, Haley, Joiopli Hall, Hauler, Hinnegan, Samuel
P. ffa-rison, Albert G. Harrison, Hazeltine, Henderson,
Ilolsey, Howard, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingersoll, Ing-
ham, jabez Jackson, Jenifer, Rieha-d M. Johnson, Henry
Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Judión, Keunon, Kil?ore, Kin-
nard, Klingensmith, Lane, Lawrence, Lay, Gideon Lee,
Joshua Lee, Thomas Lee, Lincoln, Lyon, Job Mann, Man-
ning, John Y. Mason, William  Mason, Moses Mason,
i May, McCarty, McKviman, Melvim, Mercer, Miller,
Moore, Morris, Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Parker, Pntter-
I son, Dutee J. Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Pettigrew, Pinck-
; ney. Potts, Reed, John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Ripley,
Rogers, Seymour, Augustine H. S.iepperd, Shields, Sickle's,
¡ Smith, Speight, Storer, Sutherland, Taliaferro, Taylor,
¡; Thomas.  John Thomson, Turner, Tnrrill,  Vanderpo«l,
j Ward, Washington, Weeks, White, and Whittlesey—117.
The other amendment of the Committee of the
Whole was then concurred in,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, renewed the
amendment offered by him in Committee of the
Whole, to strike out the clause appropriating the
sum of $5,000 for the purchase of a library for the
( use of the territorial government, and asked for the
yeas and nays; which were not ordered.
,;     Mr. SPEIGHT briefly opposed  the amend-
l roent.   There was no instance of a territorial
government having been formed of late years
without a provision of this kind; and nearly all
1  the States possessed libraries.
Mr. HAMER also advocated the appropriation.
, There ought at least to be a small law library at
¡ the seat of the territorial government, for the use
of the judges as well as for the use of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Council. The sum pro-
posed was a very inconsiderable one, and he
trusted it would be agreed to.                                   j
Mr. JOHNSON said a few words in support
of his amendment. The proposition was without
a precedent, and Congress had refused to give a
library to the Supreme Court and to the Attorney !
General of the United States, but it seemed every
thing was to be done for this Territory.
Mr. SPEIGHT rejoined. The judges of the
Supreme Court and the Attorney General had free
access to the library of Congress; and it was on
that ground the proposition to provide a library
for the latter officer was opposed.
The amendment was then rejected without a
count.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to amend the bill
by striking out so much thereof as allowed the
Governor of the Wisconsin Territory an annual
salary of $2,000 as Governor, and $1,500 as super-
intendent of Indian affairs; and to insert, in lieu
thereof, " an annual salary of $2,500 for his ser-
vices as Governor, and as superintendent of In-
dian affairs."
Mr. U., in support of the proposed amendment,
said that he had for some time been impressed
with the great disparity in the salaries allowed by
the General Government, and those allowed by
the different States for similar services. He could
perceive no good reason for the great difference
made, and he was anxious to see greater equality
prevail. The Governor of Kentucky heretofore
received a salary of $2,000 only. The Legisla-
ture, at their last session, increased it to §2,500.
Thus the Governor of a State, possessing- a pop-
ulation approximating to a million of souls, was
allowed only $2,500, while this bill provided a
salary of $3,500 for the Governor of a Territory
whose population was not sufficiently numerous
to justify the establishment of a State Govern-
ment. What reason can there be for this differ-
ence? Are provisions—are those articles essential
to a comfortable household establishment—is
house rent—is labor more costly in Wisconsin
than in Kentucky? He believed the fact to be,
that everything essential to what maybe called a
good iiwng- was as cheap, or nearly so, in Michi-
gan as in Kentucky. Take the whole together,
he believed a family could be supported for less
money in Wisconsin than in Frankfort, the seat
of government in Kentucky, where the Governor
resides. He had been told that the Wisconsin
Governor would be heavily taxed by his hospi-
tality to the Indians. [Here several members
remarked that rations were allowed the Indians
and charged to the Government, and that the
Governor would sustain no loss by supporting or
feeding any of them.] Mr. U. said, whether
taxed or not, he ventured the assertion that his
expenses, on the score of hospitality to Indians
and others, would never exceed those incurred by
the Governor of Kentucky in entertaining his
constituents and visiting strangers.
Mr. U. said he disliked that provision of the bill
which separated the services of the Governor, in
his character of territorial chief magistrate, from
his services as superintendent of Indian affairs,
and allowed a separate salary for each description
of service. He was desirous to pay the Gov-
ernor an adequate salary for his whole time, for
the whole three hundred and sixty-five days in
the year, and then require him to perform all such
duties as shall be prescribed by law. It was a
cunning device to cut up the services of our pub-
lic servants into different classes, and then to pay
a large salary for each class of services. It re-
minded him of the conduct of a cobbler, who said
he never sold a waxed end without making out
a bill of particulars. By doing it, he said he
would charge half a cent for the bristle, half a
cent for splitting it, half a cent for putting it on,
besides making as many charges for thread and
wax; when, if he had asked a single cent for the
waxed end in the lump, every body would call
him an extravagant dog. Mr. U. said he was for
lumping it with the Wisconsin Governor. He
would allow him for all his services $2,500 a year,
equal to the salary of the Governor of Kentucky,
andhe trusted that the proposed amendmentwould
prevail.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, thought $2,500
an ample salary, and even a liberal one; but, if
the clause was unamended, the Governor of Wis-
consin Territory would receive $ 1,000 more than
the Governor of Arkansas.-
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the amendment
by striking out five, so as to leave the salary of
the Governor $2,000, which, he contended, was
quite enough in a country where living was almost
