1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
Mr AY  md the resolution, and remarked that
1 i J in ooii \i «1 'iiuknunhadvotedasainst
iv Ktoi! o i on.xtornurdav on account of the
i- in ' M hid Withdrawn the preamble, and
I i I o d tin resolution would be rtttived and
a<.' > >ud without dib.au.
Oi>, iim bitu^ made, Mr. WISE moved to
•>i •. d i .«. ruliN, to i liable him to present the
risi'ut m, and iu>\td for the y tas and nays,
w in It wi *<  oide n d.
Mi I ilLNCll moved to lay the motion to
su      nd t h iuIim i tht table
Mi W ¡bC asked for the j t as and nav 8 on the
lit li motion, winch wtre ordt red, and wtre as
to low s.
\ F \s — Mean.   ^nuionv,   *«h. Bean, Goon, Hove*,
Bin Italian, <_ raig   L rower, Cu=>liman, Dicker^on, Droui-
E loli   burn* t in   thanoi, I'Mptii, Cleveland, loftte,
l uniio'   Punlap   Ltltier, lairtiild, l arlan, rreueh, V\ il
l.iin K    Fuller  Galbraub Gillet, Gla-coek, Joseph Hill,
Uauier, Ilaunegan,  &wuel ¡3  Hanson, Albert G   Ham
sun. Han km,, llame-, tlenderaoti, llolsey, Hon ard, Hub
!n , Ilu ilington   Huntsman, Ingham, Jal  i Jack-on, Jo 
cp'i J ihn on    Kn hard M Johnson, lave to! nsoii, Ben
jJimn   Jone , JuJ-on, Kennon, kilgorc, Kinnird, Line,
Lanvrenec, l.idioii Lee, Jo hus Lee, Thornis Le<   Leon
ard Logan, Mann, Maiiuuig.VV iliiain Mason, Mo e  Ma. on,
Mil,  Mckun, McLene,   Moore, On ens,   Pige, Parker,
Patter-on, Franklin Pierce, Duff J  Ptarce, Phelp-, John
lieinold- Jo cph Reynold-, Riplev, Roane, Roger-   !?ei
mour, Suimi, Mot1" diniUi, ^p-igbt, Sutin rland, lavlnr,
Tdouii*, John Tboui on, 1 otic ),Purntr Turnll, V auder
noel, V\ agencr, W ard, Yv t baler, \\ eek*, and V\ hiiüe*e>
—9o
\ \TS — Vew   Chilton Mian, Reman ^llen, Ashler,
B-iiki   Bell   Bond  Bouldin, Boyd, Bunch, John CaJhoou.
YV ilinm B t aJbouu.Cainbreleng.Campbell 1,arter George
I haniber- \i.tiani 1 II  Chibóme, Joiui F  H  Llabo-iu,
I irwin  trane   I u-hiug, Dtrhngmn, Uoubleday, Ev li-,
I vereit, Fn, PhiKi t    Fuller, James Girland  Rice Gir
land, Granji r, Gran Hand, Grennell, Griffin, Hilo, H land
Hill    Hard   Hardiu, Harpr, liazeltioe, Hoar, Hopkins,
Howell,   Inger-oll, Jane-, Jam , Jeniler,   IKnn   John
-on John YV Jone*. Lawler   Luke Lea, Lewi , Lincoln,
Ioie    Martí i,   John   Y    Mason,   McCartv,   McCouias,
Mckennan  Mercer Milhgan, Morgan, Mom , Pettigren,
Pejton, Potts,   Keed,  Kineher, Kobert-on, Russell,   \u
purine H   iliepp rd, Shield-,  Slide, "-loanc, Span«ler,
Standefer. Storer  Taliaferro, underwood, V inton  Y\ a-.h
■ngton, Lewio W duains, Sntnod V\ ílhanií, and \\ i e—t Í
So the motion to suspend the rules was laid on
the table
BILLS   PA8SED.
The following bills were read the third time
and passed*
A bid for the relief of the representatives of
Michael Fenwick, deceased,
A bill for the relief of Robert Allison, a lieu-
tenant in the revolutionary war,
A bill for the rtlitf of Andrtw Hoover, of In-
diana,
A bill for the relief of Asa Arming-ton,
A bill for the relief of John Barkley,
A bill for the relitf of Amelia Leech,
A bill for the relief of John T Lewis,
A bill for the relief of James Moore and Wil-
liam Moore,
A bill confirming to the legal representatives of
Thomas P. Reddick a tract of six hundred and
forty acres of land;
A bill for the relief of James Bradford,
A bill for the relief of Abraham Forbes, a spy
in the late war;
A bill granting a pension to Colonel Gideon
Morgan;
A bill for the relief of Israel Ingall,
A bill for the relief of the heirs of William
Forbes, deceased,
A bill for the relief of Joseph Nibert;
A bill for the relief of Jesse Sykes,
A bill for the relief of John Almond and George
Woolscy,
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Bennet and
others,
A bill for the relief of George Bender, and
A bill for the relief of Henry Stoddart
Mr. HOWELL moved to reconsider the vote
of this day, whereby the bill for the relief of
Robert Allison waí passed.
Tht motion to reconsider was carried, and the
bill w is postponed until Friday next.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved an adjournment
Mr. WHITTLESEY asked for the yeas and
nays, which wtre ordered, and were—yeas 56,
nays 76.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bul to authorize a compromise, and to secure to
I the United States the title to the Pea Patch Island
in the river Di law a re.
1 Iil bill was oppovd at kngth bv Mi H VR-
DIN.nnd advocated b\ Mi **•,<*. 1H0UPS0N
of South Caiolina, and PEYTON, vvlitn the
latter ga\e way to
Mr W1SC, who moved an adjournment, but
withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr JONES, of Viigima, on w hose motion his
colli ague [Mr Robchtson] had leave of absence
tor ten da):, fiom Mond ij ne\t.
Tht House thin adjoumtd.
IN SENATE.
Mo\mt, Jtpnl 11, 1836
Mr. NAUDAIN presented certain resolutions,
adopted by the Legislature of Delawaie.instiuct-
nig their Senators to \oU> against the expunging
resolution.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented the petition
of the Coiporation of Georgetown, District of
Columbia, piaying for authority to sell a portion
ot Langan and Tav ttle streets, in said tow n, ren-
dered uatless by the canal, whlcn nas reftued to
tne Committee on the District of Columbia
Mr. DAVIS piestnted the memorial of sundiy
pilots, and mus era of vesstls lying at iNtw Casile,
Dilawaie, praying for an appropuaLon for tht
ímprov mciit ot that harbor, which was leltrrtd
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr DAVIS pu3 Med the petition of Leonaid
Sto kton and others, representing themselves to
be puvates in the fourth regiment of United States
artillery, praying that a provision may be made
by law for the appointment of a chaphin to said
rtgimtnt, which was referrtd to the Commutee
on Military Affairs
Mr LI>N presented the petition of Jenn Bap-
tiste Jams, who served under General George
Rogers Clark, praying for a pension, which was
reft i red to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SOUTH \RD presented the petition of
Bernard O'Donntl, which was referrtd to the
Committee on Naval Affairs
Mr. RUGGLES presented the petition of Mar-
tin duincy and others, ovvntrs of the ship Nep-
tune, praying that certain duties paid on said ship
may be refunded to tht m; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.                 t
Mr LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which had been referred the
petition of Di Thomas Claik, reported a bill for
Ins relief, which was read, and oidered to a second
reading
Mr HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, to which the subject had been
referred, reported a bill miking appropriation 
foi making certain roads in Arkansas, which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which had been referred the petition
of John A. Rodgers, reported a bill for his relief;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. TOMLLnSOX, from the same committee,
made an unfavorable report on the petition of
James Ladieu
Mi. SHEPLEY, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of James L.
Cathcart, reported a bill for his relief; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading
Mr GRUNDY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which had been
referred the joint resolution for changing the times
of making contracts in the Post Office Department,
reported the same with amendments, which were
read.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee  on Com-
merce, reported a bill to suspend the discrimin-
ating duties on merchand.se imported in foreign
vessels, so far as relates to the vtsstls of Portu-
gal, and to reduce the duties on wines, which was
read, and ordered to a second reading, and on
motion by Mr. Davis, and  by unanimous con-
sent, it was read the second time, and ordered to
be engrossed for a thud reading.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Revo-
I  lutionary Claims, made unfavorable reports on
1 the petitions of the htirs of Captain Wtst, and
'I the heirs of Richard McCorty
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
which Iks on ihc table one day:
Jt> it' lli it the «i eretan ol the Navv be requested to
send to ilit & n Hi nil tin m orination ni bu pu se-non re-
litiii  ti 11 L) v Tortu,T>, al o, hn opinion ot iu fitness
as a uní al '•tmon to protect and de.end our commerce past-
ing the peninsula ol Ea*tl Inrida.
The joint resolution to expend the balance of
the appropuation for building the bridge across
the Potomac, to the improvement of Maryland
avenue, leading to said bridge, was read the third
lime and passed.
The bill giving effect to the eighth article of the
trealy with Spain came up on a tli.rd leading;
and,
On motion by Mr. KING, of Alabama, to allow
time foi fuither examination, was laid on the
tabic
Mi CRITTEIVDEN gave notice that he would
to-morrow aslt leave to introduce a bill to alter
the terms of the district court of the United State 
for the middle distuct of Florida.
The amendments of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill establishing the territorial gov-
ernment ot Wisconsin were considered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved that the Senate
refuse to accide to the amendment reducing the
salary of tne Govei nor, w Inch motion was agreed
to.
Mi. EWING, of Ohio, moved to amend the
amtiitlm nt in relation to the appropriation for
the public buildings in the new Teintory, by
stiikmg out $20,000, and inserting ^10,000, and,
afiei some n marks from Messrs CL1YTON,
EWING, BENTON, GRUNDY, LINN, and
KING, of Alabama, the motion of Mr Ewino
was itject"d, and the amendments of the House
w ere agreed to
On motion by Mr BENTON, twelve hundred
extia copies of the r'ports of the Secretaries of
War and Navy, on the subject of national de-
fenses, were ordeud to be printed, two hundred
for the E ig net i office, and one thousand for the
use of the ¡senate
The bill to prohibit the circulation through the
mail3 of incendiary publications was taken up
as the special order, when
Mr KING, of Georgia, addressed the Senate
in favor of the bill, and in opposition to the re-
port; after which,
On motion by Mr. KING, of Alabama, the
bill was laid on the table.
i     On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the bill from
I the'House to prescribe the mode of paying the
I pensioners of the United States was taken up;
I and, the amendment of the committee being con-
cuirtd in, the bill was ordered to a third reading.
I     The bill to appropnate, for a limited time, the
proceeds of the salts of the public lands came
up as the general ordei
Mr WALKER observed, that he had on Fri-
day called the attention of the Senate to the bill
allowing further time to complete certain pre-
emption rights. If that bill (lie said) was not
acted on within eight or ten days, it would be
harJIy worth while to act on it at all; and he
therefore hoped that the Senate would agree to
postpone the general order for the purpose of
taking up that bill.
Mr EWING moved that the Senate ad)ourn.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays
on tins question, and they having been accord-
ingly ordered, the motion was carried by the fol-
lowing vote:
i YEAS—Messrs Brown, Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, Cum-
ber!, Davis, I- wing ol Ohio, Gold^borouah, Hendricks, King
of G nrjni, Knight, Niudain, Rives, Itobhins, Robinson,
Sout'nrd, -nvi t, and Tomhn«on—18
I     NVVS—Me-sr8  Benton, Black,Ewmgof Illinois,Grun-
dy, Hill, Hubbard, King or Alabama, Linn,Porter, Ruzgles,
Sheplej, Walker, Wall, White, and Wright—15
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mond\t, April 11, 1836.
The first business in order were the resolutions
of the Legislature of Kentucky on the subject
of the distribution of the proceeds of the sales
of tht public lands, the motion pending being the
íesolution of Mr. Williams, of Kentucky, di-
recting the Committee of Ways and Means to
i epoi i a bill conformably to the resolutions of the
j Legislature of Kentucky
