S44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1L
M-   PE \'>C"\ of Mirvland, nsc to ns!i the
co  *. lit o. ,.io ¡louse to s.ibmit a r. solution, but
M Si'CIJíTIT, who moved 'hat t íe subject
, , oidu U> p^iponed lili Mond.iv next, for the
p.ir-MVieof "i.-siiitm  petitions and memorials,
and of offering such rvsolutions only as would
o-.ve rise to no debate.
" Mess>s. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, and
GR WES. said a lew words in opposition to the
motion, o'l't'n gi hi id that the sub|ect was a very
innorttiu one/and it could only be discussed for
a s ngle hoir in the week.
Mr. BOON suJ he was also bound to yote
against the in uion on the following ground: The
prin -i!>l> s uno'ved m tluse n s llutions wereprin-
ci-i!ts i.i t ie ¡>ct Lm< nt of which the State he had
the honor in part to repr.^ent was vitally inter-
ested,and, fiom the votes her 'to ore taken, offered
the only opiortun.iy f>r consideimg the bill for
t'.e grau.iuion and reduction of the price of the
public lands.
Mr.CH YPlNsud he wmld suirirest to the hon-
orable gentleman from South Ctrolnn to modify
his motion so as to obviate the o sections raised,
that is, to postpone the co ís'deration of the Ken-
tucky resolutions until the States shall be first
cal!t il for petitions, after w Inch the subject may
be resumed io-dav. This sabjtct had already
occupitd the two las netu.on aays. Many mem-
bers had tm lonant petit.ons lying op their tables,
w indi they had had no oppoitutnty to present for
two weeks. The further consideration of the
rtsohmons, at the pr sent time, will embarrass
and dtlay ihe business of the House.
The motion of Mr. Speight was then agreed
to without a count.
PETITION'S.  MEMORULS,  ETC.
Petitions and memorials  were then  presented
bv Messrs. EVANS, HALL, and SMITH, of
Mame;
Mr. CUSHMAN, of New Hamnshre;
Messrs. CUSH1NG, LAWRENCE, GREN-
NELL, REED, HOAR, and CALHOUN, of
Massachusetts;
[Mr. Calhoun presented the petition of the
Western Railroad Corporation of Massachusetts,
for lea\e to lay out and construct their road upon
knd of the United States in Springfield, in Mas-
sachusetts.]
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island;
Mr. EVERETT, of Vermont;
Messrs.   CRAMER,  MASON,   CAMBRE-
LENG,   GRANGER,   TAYLOR,   J.    L(2E,
HARD, HAZELTINE, CHAPÍN, GILLET,
RUSsELL, and CHILUS, of Hew York;
[Mr. Chapín presentedthe petition of divers in-
habitants of the county of Wayne, in the State of
New York, asking an appropriation for the im-
provement of Port Bay, on Lake Ontario; which
was referrca to the Committee of the Whole House
on the slate of the Union, while on the subject
of bill No. 5J.3.]
Messrs. CHAMBERS, WAGENER, DARL-
INGTON, HARRISON, ASH, BUCHANAN,
MANN, DENNY, and SUTHERLAND, of
Pennsylvania;
[Mr. Mann presented the petition of sundry
inhabitants of Bedford county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the establishment of a post route
fiom Hancock, Maryland, by way of War-
fordsburg, Whipscove, Brush creek valley, to
the crossing of Juniata, Bedford county, Penn-
sylvania; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. Chambers presented a petition from the
citizens of Beaver county, Pennsylvania, com-
plaining of the burdens imposed on the naviga-
tion of the Ohio river in the payment of tolls to
the Louisville and Portland Canal Company; and
that, whilst immense sums of money have been
appropriated and expended for foreign commerce
and on the Atlantic coast, but little has been done
for inland commerce and navigation The peti-
tioners ask Congress to make an appropriation
to purchase out the individual stock in theLouis-
ville and Portland Canal Company, and make
the navigation of the Ohio river free.]
Mr. MULLIGAN, of Delaware;
Messrs. McKIM, THOMAS, WASHING-
TON, PEARCE, and JENIFER, of Maryland;
Mr. JE VIPER offered to present certain
n s>Iu'iojis oassed oy the L"g.sla are of Miry-
Imd, protesting against the e\puiii tion fiom the
Join n ils of the proceedings of either House of
Congress.
Mi. THOMAS objected to the reception of the
res ihitmns at this tune.
Mr. JENIFER asked for the rending of theres-
olutions, and he should ask that they be printed.
Mr. THOMAS objected to any action on the
resolutions to-day,and hoped they would be laid
over until Monday next, when, under the rules,
thev could be di '>ated.
Mi. JENIFER said he had hoped that the res-
olutions would have been presented either by his
colleague, or one of his friends from the city of
Baltimore. lie should have been happy to have
had the benefit of their advice as to their disposi-
tion; but he hoped they would be read, as he dis-
covi red a disposition to suppress them entirely.
Mr. THOMAS said he was misunderstood by
h s colleague.    He did not object to the reception
of these resolutions on account of their contents.
It was  unnecessary  to read them.     He knew
thev professed to express the voice of the people
o ' Maiyland.    Now, whether they attempted to
give tha" voice as to one question or another, he
should equally protest against their reception this
morning.    The House hid suspended its rules,
to rece.ve petitions and such resolutions as will
give rise to nodeuate.    Wheneverany resolution
shall be presented, designed to produce umres-
sions as to the opinions of the people of Mary-
land, he desired to have an opportunity to show
that the Legisla'urc of Maryland ought not to be
considered a fair exponent of the popular will.
The character of the Government of that State is
such, that the majorry have been ruled by the
minority for years.    Under such  circumstances,
it  ill  becomes  any   man  to  parade before the
country resolutions of thp Maryland Legislature
as evidence that the people of the State are for or
against any particular measure of national policy.
Let the gentleman present his resolutionson next
Monday or any otlvr day, when the rules of the
House do not forbid all explanation or discussion;
and then he [Mr. Thomas] would take care to
make such explanations as to the  organization
of the government of Maryland  as would guard
against false impressions.    He would show that,
in consequence of the  unjust apportionment of
representation, two thirds of the people might be
for, and yet two thirds of the Maryland Legisla-
ture would be against, any particu'ar measure of
national policy.    If gentlemen are disposed to do
that which is fair, they will not press the present-
ation of these resolutions now, when all expla-
nations are out of order.
The resolutions were then laid over till Monday
next.
Mr. WISE offered the following resolution:
Reiolced, That a select committee be appointed, with
power to send for par-ons and pipers, to inquire into the
mode or agency ot sele. tin? the btnks of dopo-it for the
public mo.ley; the contract^ with the Treasury Department,
by which they are. rj^ulatcd; the manner in which, and
the persons by whom, such contracts are o. have been mide;
into all con^pondence whatsoever, touching contracts lor
the depi-it o" the public money, and into all connection
or relation, official or unofficial, nine i exist*or has exi-tcd
between any person or per-ons and the Treasury Depirt-
ment, or b-tween them and the deposit banks, or any in-
dividual or banks, touching the cu tody and the control and
dcpo-.it Oi the public money, or between any Department
of the Evcmive, aid any individual or individuals or
bank*, touchm; the di-burecm -nt ot the public money, ap
propnated or unappropriated by law; and into the amount
| of compensation oi any or all azents whatsoever, official or
unofficial, conn"cted with said Department, or s.ud bank*,
touchm:  thedi-bur-em nt, «a e kccpimr, or drpo.it, of the
public money; and that said committee have leave to report
by bill or otherwise.
Its reception was objected to, on the ground
that the rule was suspended for the purpose of
receiving petitions, and such resolutions only as
would not give rise to debate.
Mr. WISE moved to suspend the rule, in order
to enable him to offer the resolution, and asked
for the yeas and nays on his motion; which were
I1 ordered, and were—yeas 85, nays 82.
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not received.
Messrs. MASON'and  TALIAFERRO,   of
Virginia;
At this stage of the proceedings, Mr. TAL-
' HFERRO offered a rsilutnn, to which Mr.
WISE objected; and «onn contérmino  aros on
the po.nt of o.'di r, win ther, uii.lt r the n solution
to suspend the mies ndopti d this m irmng, a.
1 single member could object to the reception of a
resolution; and whether, if it was likely to give
rise to debate, it must not be received,"but must
lie over for consideration at a future day.
Mr. SPEIGH T explann d in substance, that
the intention of the motion he made was, that
such resolutions as would give rise to debate
should not be received.
Some further conversation arose between
Messrs. WISE, GILLET, SPEIGHT, TOU-
CEY, EVANS, and the CHAIR, us to the con-
struction of the order of the House; when the
hour of one o'clock arrived, and the orders of
the day were called for.
Mr. WISE moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of proceeding with the reception
of petitions, m-moríais, an I resolutions, and that
such resolutions as should give rise to debate
should lie over; which was negatived.
Mr. WEBSTER then moved  to suspend the
rules for the purpose of proceeding with the call
of the States for petitions aid mi moríais only;
which was agreed to—yeas 120, nays not counted.
I      Petitions  and   memorials were   then   further
I presented  by Messrs. MERCER, JOHNSON,
HOPKINS, and ROANE, of Virginia;
!     Messrs. SPEIGHT, W. B. SHEPARD, and
McKAY, of North Carolina;
¡     Messis. CAMPBELL and MANNING, of
South Carolina;
Mr. TOWNS, of Georgia;
Messrs. CALHOON, HARLAN, UNDER-
WOOD, and JOHNSON, of Koniu-ky;
I     Messrs. HUNTSMAN, FORESTER, and the
SPEAKER, from Tennessee;
Messrs. CRANE, JONES, PATTERSON,
P. C. FULLER, (for Mr, WHITTLESEY,)
KENNON, HAMER.and WEBSTER, of Ohio;
[Mr. Hamer presented a petition of the citizens
of Ohio, praying for a post route fiom Urbana,
Oh.o, to Maysville, Kentucky; also, petitions
praying for a donation of land to the Zanesville
I and Maysville turnpike road, through the State
of Ohio.
Mr. Patterson presented the petition of James
Thompson, of Richland county, Ohio, a soldier
of the revolutionary war; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.]
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana;
I Messrs. HANNEGAN and KINNARD, of
Indiana.
[Mr. Hannegan presented the petition of Peter
j Wells, a revolutionary soldier, praying to be
placed on the pension roll.
Mr. Lane asked leave to offer the following
¡ resolution:
j     Resolve I, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to report a bill, toithwith, authorizing the Sec-
I retary of the Treasury to loan to the respective Stales all
i the present and accruin  surplus revenue which shall re-
I main in the Treasury unapp.opriated  or required !or the
I o.dmary and necessary expJOses of the Government, with-
out interest, to be made to each State in propoition to us
present or future ascertained population ; the faith ot each
j State to be pledged for the repa_, ment o  suc'i loan at any
time when required by the exigencies of the Government
j of the United States."
Objection being made, Mr. L. moved a sus-
pension of the rules; which was negatived.]
|     Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Mississippi;
Í     Messrs. CASEY, REYNOLDS, and MAY, of
Illinois;
[Mr. Casey, presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Jasper county, praying the establish-
ment of a post route from Charleston to Greenup;
thence to Newton; thence to Stonytown, and
thence to Lawrenceville—all in Illinois. Referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. Reynolds, of Illinois, presented the
petition of the Belleville and Mississippi Rail-
road Company. This petition states that a com-
pany was incorporated by the General Assembly
of the State of Illinois, for the purpose of con-
structing a railroad from Belleville, in said State,
to the ferry on the Mississippi, opposite St.
Louis, Missouri; that the company is willing to
convey the United States mail from Belleville to
St. Louis, which is on the main route from Louis-
ville, Kentucky, to St. Louis, Missouri, free of
