1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
p\pen«e, on en tain provisions and considerations;
and t'nt the mliopd will also be serviceable to
the Go\ mm nt, to tonviy coal from the Missis-
sippi Bluff to the public woiks near St. Louis,
which is tight or ten milts distant from the works,
In considtration of the promises, the petition
prays tin. preemption right in the Edwards dis-
trict, in said Suite, to lands equal in amount to
evtry alternate section o^tr which the road may
piss. Mr. R also pre>ented the claim of John
Wigle, of Union countv, Illinois, praying relief
for a mistake in an entry ot land, also, the claims
of J. W. Flankin, H. Gairctt and F. B Thomp-
son, foi horses lost in the campaigns in Illinois in
1832, and the petition of sundry citizens, praying
that a mail route fiom Carlyle by Greenville to
Hillsborough, in the State of Illinois, be estab-
lished.
[Mr. Mvt presented the petition of a number
of the minéis h siding on the Upper Mississippi,
praving that the right of preemption be extended
to tliem tor the lots of mineral grounds by them
occupied, also a number of petitions for the estab-
lishment of various post routes.]
Mr. LYON, of Alabama,
Messis. ASHLEY and HARRISON, of Mis-
souri;
Mr. JONES, of Michigan;
Mr. SEVIER, of Arkansas;
Mr. WHITE, of Florida.
On motion by Mr. HALL, of Maine, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
inquire lato the expedient) ol placinz the names of Jona
than Tro ton,  William Coff ,  William  VVj man, David
Perry, Allan Crary, Samuel Hinckley. John Wallace, and ,
Citarles Matthen -, on the pension roll ot the United States.
On motion by Mi. CHAMBERS, of Pennsyl-
Yania, it was                                                                        I
Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee on the
Library to consider the expediency ot reporting a bill pro   |
viding tor the engraving aud puli.icatioii of copies ot the
various medals struck in relation to important events in the
United States, be ore and since the Declaration ot lude
pendeuce, with an account or statement ot the events or I
occasion which said medals were designed to commeino- I
rate.
On motion by Mr. TURRILL, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a marine
hospital at Oswego, in the State of New York.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Punt Roads be instructed to inquire mío the expediency of
extending the southern po-t route ou Long Island, New
York, Iroiu East Hampton, its present eastern termination,
to the village of Amaganzette, three miles further east.
On motion by Mr. CAMBRELENG, it was
Retolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency ot placing buoys in the newly-
discovered channel over Sandy Hook bar, and also as to
the practicability oi erecting a beacon light on ltooier shoal,
near the same.
On motion by Mr. PIERCE, of New Hamp-
shire, it was
Retolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Road* be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establtohing a post route troin Hillsborough Bridge, New
Hampshire, through the south part ot Antrim and Hancock,
to Hetersboro'.
On motion by Mr. BURNS, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Koads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post rente Irom Hebron to Alexandria and
Bristol, in the state oi New Hampshire.
On motion by Mr. RUSSELL, it was
firao!<!ed,ThattBeCommitteeoii Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed toinquire into the expediency ot erantins a
pension to Gideon oaftoid, of New vork lor services ren-
dered as a soldier in the war of the Revolution
On motion by Mi. CUSHING, it was
iiesolrerf.That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency oi establishing suitable hos
pitáis on a general system lor the benefit of the nautical
population ot the United States, wheresoever employed
whether on its interior water  or on the ocean.     *•""'""*>
On motion by Mr. GALBRAITH, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
flo t Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route Irom Butler, m Butlereountv to
Franklin, in \ enango count), Pennsylvania, by the irraded
road; and also extending the route irom Venango Furnace
to Neeley po*t ofhee, in Venango countv, Pennsylvania
On motion by Mr. CALHOUN, of Massachu-
setts, it was
Resolved, That two thousand extra copies of the report
of the Secretary of the 'i reasury, communicating the latest
mum  of toe condition of the deposit banks, and the
monthlv statements of the United States Dank, be printed
for the use of the Ilou,e
On motion by Mr. P. C. FULLER, it was
Resolved, Th it the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing n post route on the east road between Grave-
land post office and Genesee, in the State of New York
On motion by Mr. THOMAS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Boonesborough, by Bohrers-
ville, to Knoxville or Barketsville, in Maryland
On motion by Mr. GRANGER, it was
Resolved. That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency of placing
the name of Daniel McKinney upon the roll of revolutionary
pensioners
On motion by Mi. REED, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to lay
before this House the charts of Nantucket harbor and
| GreitPoint harbor,so called, and alsoachartof the harbor
of Holmes's Hole, in the island of Martha's Vineyard, in a
reduced form
On motion by Mr GIDEON LEE, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Po-t Oflice and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a po-t route from Jersey City, in Bergen
county, New Jtrsey, to Bellville
On motion by Mr. W. K. FULLER, it was
Retailed, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
Secretary ol War to furnish the State of Kentucky, at the
national expense, with a supplv of arms, ordnance, and
munitions ol war, equ il to the qu entity lately destroyed by
the burning ot the arsenal in that State
On motion by Mr. TALIAFERRO, it was
Resohed, That the Committee of the Whole Hou,e be
discharged from the further consideration of the bill and
report in the case of Teakle Savage, administrator of Bo-
hthea Laws, and that the bill and report be referred to the
Committee on Claims
On motion by Mr. MERCER, it was
Resolved, That, for the purpose of ventilating and puri-
fying the Flail, and substituting the customary spring mat
ting for the carpet on the floor, this House, when it adjourns
on the last Friday of tins mouth, will adjourn over to the
ensuing Tuesday, and that, after the first day of Mav next,
the daily sessions of the House shall commence at ten,
instead of eleven, o 'lock in the morning
On motion by Mr. CARTER, it waa                     I
Resolved, That the Committee on Imalid Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of placing Henry
Maggart, a soldier of the late war, upon the pension roll       '
On motion by Mr. CARTER, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the propriety ot allowing the
heirs of John Hudley, deceased, such commutation for ser-
vices penormed in the Revolution, in the Virginia line, as
said John Hudley may have been entitled to under the reso-
lutions of the Congress of the United btates
On motion by Mr. CONNOR, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be mstructed to inquire into the expediency ot
establishing a post route from iranklin, in Manon county,
North Carolina, down Vallty river, to Huntingdon, thence
to Clarksville, Habersham county, Georgia.
On motion by Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of makin" an
appropriation for the purpose of erecting a suitable building
at the tewn of Opelousas, in the State of Louisiana, in
which the district eourt of the United States for the western
district of that State shall be held, and in which the offices
of the clerk of said court, the district attorney and mar-
shal of said court shall be kept, as well as the offices ot the
register ot the land oflice and receiver ol public moneys for
the district south of Red river.
On motion by Mr TALIAFERRO, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of providing, by
law, for the payment of commutation to such of the offi
cers of the Revolution as were entitled thereto, at the end
of the war, m pursuance ot the then existing laws on the
subject, but who have been depnvid by a proviso in the
pension act passed by Congress on the —day ot-----, 1785
On moüon by Mr. BUNCH, it was
Retolced, That the f omnuttee on tlie Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Bean's Station, in Ean Ten-
nessee, by Mornstown and the mouth of Chuccky river, to
New Port, in Cocke county
On motion by Mr. COFFEE, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce be mstructed
to inquire into the expediency of increasing the comp> nsa
non of the collector of the district of Brunswick, State of
Georgia, and compensating him for lus services m 1835.
On moüon by Mr. COFFEE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be m-
Mructed to inquire if any legislation is necessary to suable
the owners of fugitive slaves to reclaim them from the In-
dian country
On motion by Mr GARLAND, of Louisiana,
it was
I Rewhcd, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for the appointment of a judge ot the district court of the
United States for the western district of Louisiana
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Ohio, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Oflice and
Post Roids be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post road from Wooster, in Wayne county,
to Pennesville, in Richland county, Ohio
On motion by Mr. CRANE, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Koads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Defiance, in Williams county,
Ohio, by Evanport, to Lafayette, in said county
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
salaries of the surveyor general of the United States, re
gister of the laud office, and receivers of public moneys,
lor the State of Louisiana
On motion by Mr. LEA, of Tennessee, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Campbell's Station, in Knox
county, Tennessee, by way of Low's Ferry, the Holston
river, to Maryville, in Blount county in said State
|     On motion by Mr. FRENCH, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a po t route from Mount S erlin , Kentucky, via
the mouth of Aaron's Run, and North Middlctown, to Pans.
1     On motion by Mr. CALHOON, of Kentucky,
it was
Resol ed, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
inquire into the propriety of passing a law granting com-
mutation pay to the heirs of Lieutenant John Wilson, de-
ceased, for his revolutionary services
On motion by Mr. CALHOON, of Kentucky,
it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a
post route from Cloverport, bv the Great Falls of Rough
Creek, to Brownsville, in the State of Kentucky.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, it was
Resolved, That the heads of Departments, Auditors,
Treasurer, and Register of the United States, be directed
to lay before this House a list of their respective clerks or
deputies, containing their names, their ages, and date  of
their several original appointments, and the dates of their
promotions, with the amounts of their several salaries, and
a specific enumeration, under appropriate heads, of their
peculiar functions and duties.
On motion by Mr. McKAY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing suitable
buildings for the accommodation of the courts ot the United
btates, and the safe keeping of the public records therein.
On motion by Mr. BEALE.it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Po=t Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the propriety of
extending the present established mail route from Culpepper
court house, to the town of New Market, in the county of
Shenandoah, Virginia, to the village of Timbervilte, in the
county of Rockingham, in said State.
On motion by Mr. LAWLER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po-t Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a
po-t route from Green borough, in Alabama, to Caudy's
andmg, on the Black Warrior river.
On motion by Mr. LEA, of Tennessee, it was
Resoh ed, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of allowing compen-
sation to Robert M Anderson, and George W. Churchwell,
Esqs , attorneys at law, for their services in behalf of the
Government, in certain reservation suits in the courts of the
United States, for the 7tb circuit and district of East Ten-
nessee
On motion by Mr. HAWKINS, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of issuing a
duplicate military land warrant, heretofore issued to Craw-
ford Johnson, a soldier of the Revolution, which has been
lost.
On motion by Mr. GRAVES, it was
Resohed, That the petitions of sundry citizens of the
States of Kentucky, Illinois, and Pennsylvania, in favor of
the Federal Government's purchasing up the individual
stock in the Louisville and Portland canal, be referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals, with instructions to
inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill providing for
the appropoation ot the proceeds of the Government stock
for that purpose
On moüon by Mr. HANNEGAN, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to trans-
mit to this House the papers on file in the Pension Office, m
the case of Peter Wells.
