1836.
THfi CONGREHSiOWAL GLQBB.
&É9
was, on motion, referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.]
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, asked the consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
JJ«>irfJ. That this House will, from twelve mntrl one
o'clock, on next Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, con-
sider aad dispose ot° bilk relating to the Terntnne* ami the
ritizrni thereof, mM tkt rirtpttjn oftkt hills Jor tke aitút-
ivn «/ Mutugan and ¿irktmuu into U* duo*.
Objectiou being made,
Mr. WHITE moved to suspend the rules, to
enable htm to offer the resolution; which was car-
ried—ayes 94, noes 38.
Mr. THOMAS moved to amend the resolution
by striking out the latter clause, printed in italics,
and adding the following:
Aad thai from and after one o'clock oa Thursday, Friday,
and Saturdaj, the bill from the Senate " to settle and estab-
lish the norttern boundary line of the State of Ohio, and to
annrtd* for iheadmissioa of taw State of Michigan into the
I'nioa upon the conditions therein expressed," and " lor
the admission of the State of Arkansas into the Union, and
to provide fbr the due execution of the laws of tlie United
States within the game, and lor other purposes," shall be
«he special order of the day, to the exclusion of all other
•Uiuiu , until they be dispuácd of.
Mr. WISE moved to amend the amendment of
Mr. Tramas, by adding that the House would,
on Saturday, after disposing of the bills referred
to, proceed to consider the following resolution:
Jteielrat, That a «elect committee ba appointed with
power to send tor persons and papers, to inquire into the
■tode or agency ot selecting the banks of deposit for the
public money; the contracts with the Treasury Department
by which they are regulated ; the manner in which, and the
persons by wnoaa such contracts are or have been made;
uno all ceneipoodeoce, whatsoever toaehtag contract* for
the deposit of the public money; and tuto all connection
or relation, official or unofficial, which exist, or has existed
between any person or persons and the Treasury Depart-
ment, or between tbem and the deposit banks, or any indi-
viduals at banks, touching the eu*ody and the control and
deposit ot" the public money; or between any department
of the Executive, and any individual or individuals or banks,
touching the disbursements of the public money, appropri-
ated or aaapproprated by law; and into the amount of eonv-
pensatjoa 01 any or all agents wbotiboever, olaotal or unof-
ficial, connected with the said Department, or said banks,
touching the di-bursement, safe-keeping, or deposit, of the
puMie money; and that said committee have leave to report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WHITE moved the previous question;
which was not seconded.
Mr. WISE asked for the yeas and nays on his
amendment; which were not ordered; and it was
negatived, without a count.
Mr. WHITE then accepted the amendment of
Mr. Tb mas, as a modification of his resolution.
Mb WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved to
•mend the resolution by making the bill extend-
ing the provisions of the pension act of 1833 the
special order from eleven to one o'clock, on Tues-
day and Wednesday of next week, and asked for
the yeaa arid nays on his motion; which were not
ordered.
The amendment of Mr. Williams was nega-
tived, without a eaunt.
Mr. P. C. PULLER «ailed for a division ot Ote
question, and it was first taken on that part of it
embraced in the original proposition of Mr.
Write, and adopted as follows:                              J
YEAS — Messrs. Heman Allen. Anthony, Ash, Ashley,
Barton, Beale, Bean, Bm-kee, Boon, Bouldin, Bovee, I
Boyd, Bueaaaas, Burns William B. Calhoun, Cambrehra ;,.
Campbell, Casey, George Chambers, Chaney, Chapín,
Child*, Nathaniel II. Claiborne, John F. H. Claiborne,
Cleveland, Coffee, Conner, Corwin, Craig, Cramer, Cush-
man, Debérry, Denny, Dickerson, iJoubti-dav, Dromgnoie,
Effner, Fauiield, Fork , Fowler, French, Fry, Phuo C.
Fuller, William K. Fuller, Gilbraitli, Gillet, Glascock,
Grantland, Grayson, Griffin, Haley, Joseph Hall, Hamcr,
If annegan, Harper, Samuel S. Harrison, Hawes, Hawkin«,
Haynes, Henderson, Hewer, Holsey, Hopkins, Howard,
HuMey, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, WiUuun Jack-
son, Jabez Jackson, Jams, Jenifer, Cave Johnson, Henry
Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Richard M. Johnson, John W.
Jones, Jud-on. Kennon, Kilgore, Kianard, Kltngensnmh,
Lana, Lawler, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Thomas Lee,
Leonard, Lewis, Logan, Lucas, Lyon, Job Mann, Man-
ning, Martin, John Y. Mason, Moses Mason, William Ma-
son. Maury. May, McComas, McKay, McKennan, McKim,
McLene, Mercer, Miller, MirHjan, Moore, Morgan,Morris,
Owens, Page, Patterson, Pat ton, Franklin Pierce, James A.
Pearce, PeUigrew, Peyton, Phelps, Pinckney, Potts, John
Reynolds, Koane, Sej mour, William B. Shepsrd, Augus-
tine H. Sbepperd, Shields, Stiinn, Sickles, Slade, Spangler,
Speisht, Steele, Storer, Sutherland, Taylor,Thomas, John
Ttiomsou, Toucey, Turner, Turnll, Vinton, Washington,
Wet  ter, Weeks, and Whittlesey—145.
N \YS—Mes-rs. Chilton Allan, Bailey, Beaumont, Bell,
Bond, Bunch, Jo'in Calhoon, Clark, Crane, Cashing, Dar-
bttgt.ni, Dunlap, Bvans, Everett, Granger, Graves, Hard,
Hardin, Harlan, Hazemoe, Hoar, Jjowail, Janes, Law-
rence, Lay, Lake Lea, Lrncata, Parker, Phillips, Reed,
Reactor, Sloan, Smith, «tandefer, Taliaferro, Waddy
Thompson, Underwood, Wageaer, White, 8herrod Wil-
liams, and Wise—39.
Mr. BOND desired that the second branch of
the resolution should be further divided, by first
taking the question on making the bill fixing the
northern boundary of Ohio the special order for
the days mentioned.
The CHAIR informed the gentleman from Ohio
that the resolution was not susceptible of tlie
division which he had proposed.
The second branch of" the resolution was then
negatived, (two thirds being necessary,) as fol-
lows:
VEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Asa, Barton, Beale, Bean,
Bockee, Bond, Boon, Uouldiiu Ilovi-c, Btlcnaaan, Burns,
Caiubreleng, Casey, George Chambers, Chaney, Cbapm,
John F. II. Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee, Comior, Corwin,
Craig, Cramer, Crane, Cushman, Dickerson, DouMeday,
DromgooJe, Fairfield, Farim, Fowler, Fry, WiUwun K.
Fuller, Galbraith, Gillet, Glascock, Grantland, Haley, Jo-
seph flail, Hauler, Hannegan, Samuel S. Harrison, Hawes,
Hawkins, Haynes, Henderson, Holsey, Hopkins, Howard,
Howell, HuMey, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingman, Jabea
Jackson, Jams, Cave Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Richard
M. Johnson, John W. Jones, Benjamin Jones, Judson,
Kennon, Kilgore, Kinnard, Klingei^mith, Lane, Gidenn
Lee, Jo-hua Lee, Thomas Lee, Leonard, Ln an, Lucas,
Lyon, Job Mann, Manning, Martin, John V. Mason, Moses
Mason, William Mason, May, McKay, McKim, McLene,
Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Owens, Page, Patterson,
Palton, Dutce J. Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Pettigrew,
Phelps, Pinckney, John Reynold , Roane, Rodgers, Sey-
mour, William B.Shepard, Shinn. Sickles, Sloan, Spaagler,
Speight, Storer, Sutherland, Thomas, John Thomson,
Toucey, Towns, Turner, Turrill, Vinton, Wageaer, Ward,
Webster, and Whittlesey—120.
NVYS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, Ashley,
Bailey, Beaumont, Bell, Boyd. John Calhoon, William B.
Calhoun, Campbell, Cbilds, Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Clark,
Cushing, Darlington, Dcbcrry, Ueany, Dunlap, Evans, Ev-
erett, French, Philo C. Fuller, Granger, Graves, Grayson,
Griran, Hard, Hardin, Harlan, Harper, Hazeltme, Heister,
Hoar, Jenifer, Henry Johnson, Lawler, Lawrence, Lay,
Luke Lea, Lewis, Lincoln, Maury, McCarty, McKennan,
Mercer, Milligan, Morris, James A. Pearce, Peyton, Phil-
lips, Potts, Reed. Rencher, Ru*>eB, Augustine H. Shcp-
perd. Shields, Slade, Smith, Staadefer, Steele, Taliaferro,
Waddy Thompson, Underwood. Washington^ViritS, Lewis
Williams, Sberrod Williams, and Wise—88.
Mr. GALBRAITH then moved to reconsider
the vote adopting the first branch of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. EVANS moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
I Mr. STORER asked for the yeas and nays on
¡ the motion to lay the proposition to reconsider on
1 the table; which were not ordered.
1 The motion of Mr. Evans was. negatived
without a count; and the motion to reconsider
was carried.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved to lay the resolution on
the table; which was agreed to without a count.
Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, on leave, presented
certain papers in reference to the bill authorizing
( a compromise for the purpose of acquiring the
title to Pea Patch Island; which were ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, reported a bill for the
relief of Alexander H. Everett; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. TURRILL, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of the heirs of Charles Taylor; which was read
twice and committed.
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions,
&c., were made by Messrs. JANES, KLINGEN-
SMITH, LAY, and FRY, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions; Messrs. WHIT-
TLESEY and DARLINGTON, from the Com-
mittee on Claims; Messrs. BEAUMONT and
TURRILL, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims; Mr. BEALE, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions; Mr. TOUCEY, from the
Committee on the Judiciary; and by Mr. ASH,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. OWENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the following resolution:
¡Umlved, That the Mil reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, regulating the deposit of the money of
the United States in certain local banks, be made the spe-
cial order of the day for the first Wednesday in May next,
[ at twelve o'clock, provided the appropriation bills be at that
I time disposed of; and, in case said appropriation bills be
i not then acted oa, then on the day next after their dispo
I sition; and that Jbe said bill initiation to the deposit banks
; have precedence on the first Wednesday in May next, or
the day after the disposition of the appropriation bills, and
the following days, over all other business anal the saine is
disposed of.
Mr. WISE moved to amend the resolution by
adding the one which he proposed this day as an
amendment to the resolution of Mr. Whits, of
Florida.
The hour of one having arrived, the CHAIR
announced, the special orders, and the foregoing
resolution and amendment were laid over until
to-morrow.
BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that the House
take up and consider the bill repealing the four-
teenth section of the act incorporating the sub-
scribers to the Bank of the United States.
The bill was on its engrossment, the Commit-
tee of the Whole having been discharged from
its consideration some time since.
Mr. DUNLAP objected to taking ui that or
any other bill till the appropriation bills, under
the special order, were disposed of.
Mr. CAMBRELENG remarked, that a letter
had been received from the cashier of the branch
bank at Savannah, who had refused to pay |27,000,
stating that he was not authorized to redeem the
notes of that branch, and that the notes of the
Bank of the United States and its branches were
redeemable only at the mother Bank at Phila-
delphia.
Mr. DUNLAP replied, that he should persist
in his objection until the bills under the special
order had been disposed of, or until that order
had been rescinded.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he had not antici-
pated a single objection; b at, as it was of the great-
est importance to the country that this bill shoo. W
be passed, he moved a suspension of the rules to
take it up, and on that motion asked for the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
The question being taken, the rules were sus-
pended—yeas 135, nay  36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ash, AsMey, Bailey, Barton, Beale,
Bean, Bell, Bockee, Bouldin, Bovue, Boyd, Buchanan,
Buncb, Bums, William R. Qalboua, Cambreleng, Casey,
George Chambers, Chancy, Chapín, Childs, Nathaniel H.
Claiborne, Clark, Coffee, Coles, Connor, Corwin, Cramer,
Cu'hing, Cushirran, Deberry, Dickerson, Dromgoole, Ev-
erett, Fairfield, Farlin, Fowler, French, Fry, William K.
FuUor, Galbraith, Gillet, Glascock, Granger, Granuahd,
Haley, Joseph Hall, [Iartnegan, Samuel 9. Harrison, Hawes,
Hawkins, Haynes, Hazeltitie, Henderson, Heister, Holsey,
Hopkins, Howard, HuMey, Huntington, Huntsman, Ing-
ham, Jabez Jackson, Janet. Jarris, Rtcbard M. Johnson,
Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Benjamin Jones, Judson,
Kennon, Kilgore,Kinnard, Lane, Lawl«r, Lawrence, Gid-
• eon Lee, Joshua Lee, Thomas Lee, Leonard, Lincoln,
Logan, Loyall, Lyon, Job Mann, Martin, John Y. Mason,
William Mason, Moses Mason, Maury, May, McCarty,
McKay, McKim, McLene, Montgomery, Moore, Morgan,
Morris, Owens, Page, Parker, Packs, Patterson, Patton,
Dutee J. Pearce, Franklin Pierce. Peyton, Phelps, Phillips,
Pickens, Pinckney, Heed, Rencher, John Reynolds, Roane,
Russell, Seymour, Augustine H. SUeppcixl, Shinn, Sickles,
1 Slade, Smith, Spangler, Speight, Storer, Taylor, Thomas,
' John Thomson, Toucey, Turrill, Vanderpoel, Vinton, Wag
ener, Ward, Whittlesey, and Sherrod Williams—135.
NAYS —Messrs. Chilton AUaa, Heman Allen, Bond,
I John Calhoon, Darlington, Denny, Dunlap, Evans, Philo
C. Fuller, Graves, Grayson, Griffin, Harlan, Harper, Hoar,
' Howell, William Jackson, Jenifer, Henry Johnson, Luke
Lea, Lewis, Love, McComas, McKennan, Mercer, Milli-
> gan, Jarnes A. I<earce, Pettigrew, Potts, ShieldsrStaiulefer,
Steele, Taliaferro, Underwood, While, and Lew  VVil-
I hams-36.
Mr. CAMBRELENG repeated in substance
his former explanations, and, referred to a letter,
stating that tne notea of the ¿ranches were re-
deemable only in Philadelphia; and that the new
bank issued none but the notes- of the old bank
and its branches. Mr. C. sent to the Clerk's
table a copy of a letter received from the .fete
cashier of theSavannah branch, to whom, appli-
cation had been made for thepayraest of $27,000
of the notes of that office. .Tbijetter referred to
was as follows:                                              , .    _'
" Sim: I have received your letter or «fie &*e-, asking
payment of certain bills of the Bank of the,United States,
and have in reply to say, that the charter of that institution
having expired on the 3d of March last, apd With ft my
ofrlce of cashier of tac branch in that elty, lam a  bllger
authorized to redeem the bills W the Bank, except by re-
ceiving them in payment of debt. I will add, that any
amount of these bills whteh yon may held, will be promptly
paid on presentment in PMtaMpMn.
, *^                                       JAMES HUNTER, ««gens-
Mr. PEYTON said he had voted i  favor of
1 suspending the rules; and he now asked the
privilege of the House to offer an amendment to
this bill, which would not, in the slightest degree,
interfere with the object of Oje gentleman from
1 New York.   Th*  amendment he   wished   to
