351
good. He wnulfratd tTie gentleman in takingjt
ui> on the day proposed, provided it did not inter-
fere with the'nvlroud bilí, which Ltd by accident
born pii' "ut of it  nropcr place.
Mr. N1LES said he would sav a word in r ply
to the rem.irks of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Calhoun,] whicliseeméd to have a per-
sonal allusion to himself. He did not suppose that
his course would be acceptable to that gentleman;
but he little thought of heaving a complaint of
the kind he had just heard—the want of party
fidelity and zeal; he little expected such a charge
from any one, and, least of all, from the Senator
from South Carolina. He had supposed that his
course had been such as, to have satisfied that
gentleman, &t least, that he was prepared to do
his duty as an humble supporter of the Adminis-
tration. He had supoosed, that, so far as party
politics are concerned, he was quite orthodox,
and always came directly up and toed the mark.
He, wtth other supporters of the Administration,
had been repeatedly charged by that Senator of
being governed entirely by Executive influence;
of not possessing a particle of independence; of
being mere palace slaves. After these bold im-
putations, repeated so often and with so much
vehemence, who could have supposed that it
would be made a matter of complaint against any
of us, that we had too much independence and
did not yield implicit deference to Executive re-
commendations! Although prepared to hear
almost anything from that gentleman, he did not
expect a declaration of this kind.
The Senator says it is marvelous; he does not
understand it; some great change must have
taken place, and asks what it can mean. Sir,
(said Mr. N.,) I will explain this mntter;I will tell
the gentleman what it all means. That gentleman
has heretofore grossly misrepresented ue friends
of the Administration. We are not the passive
instruments of power; we aie not the palace
slaves the gentleman has so often represented us
to be. This is the explanation of the whole
matter. I will not charge him with doing us
such injustice intentionally and willfully, but it
has proceeded from his violent prejudices, his
heated imagination, and his uncontrolled passions,
which hove swayed his judgment and carried him
great lengths; further, perhaps, than he is himself
aware.
He (Air. N.) Was charged with having de-
nounced the Executive recommendation. This
is entirely incorrect. He had yet to learn that
the gentleman's bill and the recommendation of
the President are the same thing. The message
merely presented the subject to Congress,- for
their consideration, whether some legislation
might not be necessary, but does not point out
what that legislation is to be. He had, however,
great doubts whether there could be any legis-
lation on this subject. He had great confidence
in the judgment as well as the integrity of the
President; of his profound and almost intuitive
sagacity, his mature judgment, and strong, prac-
tical common sense, he had the most exalted
opinion; in these strong points of character, he
knew of no man living who is his equal. But
the President is not infallible, and he could not
acton his recommendation unless he was satisfied
that it was just. The Senator says, entertaining
the views he (Mr. N.) did, it was his duty to
have introduced a resolution inquiring into the
conduct of the Postmaster General who had ex-
ercised similar powers to those proposed to be
conferred on him by this bill. This (said Mr.
N.) is a mistake. What has the Postmaster
General done? He addressed a letter to the post-
master at New York, and another to the post-
master at Charleston, South Carolina, saying that
although there was no law authorizing him to
exclude any papers or pamphlets from the mail,
on the ground of their character or tendency, yet
considering that in doing so they had acted from
an urgent necessity, and from the high consider-
ations of the safety of the mail, as well as the
peace and security of society, he should not cen-
sure their conduct. This is all the Postmaster
General has done, unless it be to throw out some
suggestions and doubts whether it was proper
and lawful to convey in the mail publications pro-
hibited by the laws'of the States into which they
ware to be conveyed.   These were mere spec-

uTative opinions, and no action or instructions
were based upon them. Perhaps no one had move
conlidi-nco in that officer than himself: yet he dis-
sented from these opinions, and had so informed
hiin.
The Senator asks whether a new political
movement is not about to take place —whether
now the power and patronage of the President are
nearly at un end, and his ngency in disposing of
the spoils—whether those who "had professed So
much admiration, and been such devotees of
power, were not about to transfer theiradmiration
and devotion to another object? Mr. N. said he
could answer the question, so far as concerned
himself—he could only speak for himself. It is
true the power and patronage of the Executive
arc nearly spent; the offices are all filled; few more
appointments are to be made; and those whose
deference to the President has sprung from mo-
tives of this kind, may now be directing their
attention to another quarter. But this will not
diminish the number of those honest supporters
who have been influenced from confidence in the
man, and admiration of the strong points in his
character. Sir, in whatever is personal, in what-
ever belongs to the services, the character, the
high attributes of mind of the venerable man
who now fills the highest executive office, those
who have been his admirers are not the less so
now, when his power is departing. The splendid
sun which they gazed upon with delight and ad-
miration when at its meridian, when its power
and effulgence were at their height, they still gaze
upon with equal veneration and respect—they
discover it to be the same orb, unimpaired in its
power, shining with the same steady and undi-
minished light, as in its course it descends to the
far west, and will soon disappear forever from
our political horizon.
After some remarks of Mr. MORRIS, the bill
was laid on the table; and
On motion of Mr. PORTER, the Senate ad-
journed.        _____________________
April 13
^...r...-^-—-^—,—r-r"-- -.........    .-._.
¡I to communicate to this House full information of the mode
¡' and manner of (¡electing banks in the several Statesor Tcr-
j: ritones for the depo it of the public money of the Cmted
!   States, of all contracts,agreements, or stipulations entered
1   inlo with said banks, for the safe-keeping <>f said moneys-
that the Secretary oftheTre . uryal.=oitate what a^'uts have
b-ren employed, the nature and extent of their ageucv and
the coiBpeiiwuion whieh s«ch b«kiiU have received in any
way from the Government of the United States; ar:d that lie
aNo state what officers or agents on the part of said banks
have in any way participated or been instrumental m the
formation of any ?uch contracts, agreements, or stipula-
tions, concerning the deposit and safe-keeping of said
moneys in said bunks.
Mr. WISE rose, and objected to the reception
of the resolution, and asked the consent of the
House to permit him (which was not allowable
under the rules) to state his reasons for objectin 
to the reception of the resolution.                       °
Objection being made, the CHAIR stated that
the gentleman could only proceed by permission
of the House; and the question being put, there
appeared 59 in the affirmative, when
Mr. WISE asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered; and the question was stated by the
Chair.
Mr. WISE. With your permission, sir, I will
announce to the House, that I do not wish to
enter into a debate upon this proposition, but
simply, in justice to myself------
[Mr. W. was here interrupted by cries of
" Order !'•' from various parts of the Hall.]
The question was then taken; and the House
refused to permit Mr. Wise to state the reasons
which induced him to oppose the introduction of
the resolution of his colleague, by the following
vote:
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday April 13, 1836.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved a call of the House;
which was negatived.
Petitions and memorials were presented, on
leave, by Messrs. HALL, of Vermont, EVANS,
! and HOAR.
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, a joint
I resolution referring the petition and papers of the
heirs of R.obert Fulton, deceased, to the Secretary
of the Navy, to report thereon to Congress, was
taken up, read a third time and adopted.
jMr. ItEED, on leave, from the select commit-
tee to which the same was referred, reported
without amendment, the bill from the Senate for
the benefit of Boyd Keiliy, and the same was com-
mitted.
On motion of Mr. BEAUMONT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Pom Ornee and Pon
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab
limbing a post route from Wilkesbarre via Wlute Haven,
Loury Town, to Lausanne, in the State of Pennsylvania.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of replacing
the name of John Curtis, of Virginia, on the pension roll.
On motion of Mr. HEISTER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Eoadi be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a past route between the borough of Reading, in
Berks county, and the Blue Ball, in Lancaster county,
Pennsylvania, by way of the State road recently laid out
and openeil between those two places.
On motion of Mr. McCARTY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po.-t Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Good Hope to Lima, in Indiana.
On motion of Mr. MARTIN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Uellefonte, in Jackson county,
Alabama, by the way of Lnngston,to De Kalb court-house,
Cherokee court-house, and thence to Jacksonville, Benton
county, Alabama.
SELECTING DEPOSIT BANKS.
Mr.  DROMGOOLE   asked   the   unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:                                                                                 ______.....
Jtraetud, Thst the Secretary of to* Treasury bedireeud ll his u an amendment, and this would cut off tbe
YEAS — Messrs. Chilton Allan, Hernán Allen, Bell,
Bond, John Caihoon, William B. Calhoun, Carter, iieotfe
Chambers, Nathaniel II. Claiborne, John F. H. Claiborne,
Clark, Corwiu, Crane, Darlington, Denny, Drom-'oole,
Evans, Everett, Pililo C. Fuller, Glascock, Granger,
Graves, Griffin, Hard, Hardin, Harías, Harp"r, Samuel S.
Harrison, Hazcltine, Henderson, H i*ter, Hoar, Howell,
Janes, John VV. Jones, Luke Lea, Lewis, Low, Loyall,
Lyon, John Y. Mason, Maury, McCoiuu<, McKay, Mc-
Kcnnan, Mercer, Morris, Parker, Pcttigrew, Peyton", Phil-
lips, Reed, Ru-sell, Augustine H. ¡obeppi'id, Shields, Sladc,
Spangler, Standcter, Steele, Storer, Taliaferro, Waddy
Thump on, Vinton, White, Whittlesey, and Sherrod Wil-
liams- 66.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Ash, Barton, Bean, Bean-
mont, Bockee, Boon, Bouldin, Bo;d, Burns, Cambreleng,
Casey, Chaney, Chapín, Cleveland,Coffee, Connor, Craig,
Cramer, Cuslnnan, Dickerson, Doubleday, Fairfield, Far-
Ian, Fowler, French, Fit, William K. Fulicr, Giljet, Joseph
Hall, Hamer, Albert G. Harrison,Hawes, If twkins. Havnes,
Holscy, Hopkins, Hubley, Huntsman, William Jackson,
Jabez Jackson, Jarvis, Joseph Joluuoa, Richard M. John-
son, Cave Johnson, Judson, Kilgore, Kmnard, Klingen-
?mith,Lane, Lawrence, Gideon Lee, Jn.-lma Lee, Thomas
Lee, Leonard, Lincoln, Logan, Job Mann. Manning,Mar-
tin, William Mason, Moses Ala on, May, McKiin, McLene,
Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Owens, Page, I'aiks,Paucr-
son, Patton, Dutee J. Pearee, Phelps, Potts, John Reynolds,
Seymour, Sliinn, Sickles, Smith, Speight, Sutherland,
Taylor, Thomas, John Thomson, Toucoy, Turnll, Van-
derpoel, Wagencr, Ward, Webster, and Weeks—fctf.
Mr. DROMGOOLE gave notice that he should
renew his request to the House to-morrow to pre-
sent the resolution, and should it be again ob-
jected to, he should then move a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. BELL appealed to Mr. Wise to withdraw
his objection.
Mr. WISE said he would immediately give his
colleague [Mr. Dromgoole] an opportunity of
offering his resolution.
Mr. W. then asked leave to offer the following
resolution, which he read:
Jtesolcei, That a select comm'ttee be appointed, with
power to send for persons and papers, to inquire into the
mode or agency of selecting the banks of deposit liir the
Cublic money; the contracts with the Treasury department,
y which they are regulated, the manner in which, and the
persons by whom sue  coutracts are or have been Biade;
into all correspondence whatsoever touching contracts lor
the depo.-it ot the public money ; and into all connection,
relation, official or unofficial, which exist , or has existed,
betwetni any pejsoii or persons and the Treasury Depart-
ment, or between them and the deposit banks, or any in-
dividuals or banks, touching the custody and tiie control
and deposit of the public money ; or between any depart-
ment of the Executive, and any individual or individuals
or banks touching the disbursements of the public money,
appropriated or unappropriated by law ; and into the a™ount
of compensation of any or all agents; whatsoever, official,
or unofficial, connected with the said Departments, or said
banks, touching the disbursements, sa e-keeping ordcpo-it
of the public money ; and that said committee have leave
to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. W. said, if the House would permit him
to offer this resolution, his colleague could move
