356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOM.
Apr  16,
recommendition for the President to armoint
extra oncers, and, tnerefore. the Pn Mtlent •* con-
duct h a* it  ?r with ill - o n.iioii oí" Hi Vttomey
G>M,ri'ot't!ie United S'.tt< s. Mr. W a'sieon-
leud.d t at the appoint™, nts in qu.siou ucie
unconstitutional, bein,' liifonrmllv nude, and
without the authority of law. These eoirin-
gencies he designated as nuisances, contra bonos
more*, and items that ought no longer to be sanc-
tioned. Though tnev might at first have been
introduced ex necessitate rft, at an early period of
the Government, the necessity for them no longer
existed.
Mr. W. then referred to the subject of the
deposit banks, and the obstructions thrown in
the whv of a risrid investigation into the manner
bv uhieh tin y were selected. Ri-fi rring to Mr.
Dromgoole's resolution, heargued that it did not
go far enough. Mr. W. desired a full and rigid
scrutiny bv a select committee, not only into them,
but also into the connection of Reuben M. Whit-
ney with those banks, for he was prepared to
prove that this individual was pa'd, induectly,
out of the public Treasury. Whitney was the
agent of the deposit banks at Washington. These
banks had the use of the public money without
paying any interest for it, when there were other
solvent banks throughout the country who would
willingly pay one and one and a half percent.; and
the interenee was irresistible. The rcso'ution of
his colleague was merely one of inquiry, and that
inquiry to be made of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, notof investigation, and was unsatisfactory.
He also desired an investigation into the doings
of the Secretary himself
Mr. W. then adverted to another alleged fraud
of an agi'nt of the Government, into whose hands
a sum of $650,000, appropriated at the last ses-
sion, had been placed, wmch was kept by him,
as was said, for some ten months, used in some
private speculations, by which he reabzed some
ten, twenty, thirty, or forty thousand dollars.
He then referred to the condition of the deposit
banks, which were unable to meet their liabilities
if called upon. Should a proposition be agreed
upon to distribute the surplus revenue, there
would be a general smash among them. They
could not meet the call for the deposits. He
then recurred to his charges against Reuben M.
Whitney, as connected with his relations to the
deposit banks, whom he designated as the mis-
erable pimp of the Treasury and of the party.
He said, in reply to the card in this morning's
Globe, that he cared nothing about Whitney's
perjuries, or private transactions, but only his
connection with the Treasury and the people's
money. He also wished to bring Levi Wood-
bury, Whitney's master and copartner, tu the
bar of public opinion, by the appointment of a
select committee, with authority to Bend lbr pei-
sons and papers. There were serious charges,
he solemnly assured the House, he could prove
against Whitney, if not against the Secretiry.
Mr. W. dwell at length on this subject, and con-
trasted the repugnance of Mr. Woodbury to in-
vestigation with the voluntary sohcitafon of Mr.
Hamilton and Mr. Crawford for an inquiry into
their conduct. He said, in conclusion, that he
would not vote for one dollar of appropriation,
either pure or impure, t:ll he knew where the
public moneys were, whether they were safe or
not, by whom and how they were used, and
whether they were «bused or not.
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD rose to address the
committee, but
Mr. BOND, remarking that the gentleman was
indisposed, mo\ed that the committee rise.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he should be sorry
to interpose an objection under such circum-
stances, but he would merely remark that, if they
were to go on in this way, it would be impossible
to see when this bill could go through. It was
twenty-one folio pages in length, and they had
not yet progressed with the first six lines of it,
upon a clause of which the whole controversy
involvi d an amount only of 4,8,000.
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD then proceeded toad-
dress the committee at length, in support of his
amend me'/, and referred to a variety ofpa-ticulars
of expenditure, both in the State and other De-
partments, under the head of contingent expenses,
to show that the sum of $5,000 would amply cover
the whole of the incidentals and contingencies of
the D mi'mei.t of State, and that $1:1,000 w .nil 1
be siilftt lent to co\or the cvpensi. of publishing
and distributing the hws.
The anunJm nt was ihen njected—ayes 55,
noes 67.
Mr. UNDERWOOD mo\od to strike out the
following clause: " For the supenntendent and
■watchman of the noitheast executive building,
SI,500."
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD thought the item of
$5,350 for thp contingent expenses of the said
building enough to co%er this expenditure.
Mr. CAMBRELENG nude a brief explana-
tion; and, aftei a few wo «Is from Mr. HARPER,
and Mr. JOHNSON of Tennessee, the amend-
ment was rejected without a division.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to increase the
item of $04,700 for compensation to the clerks
and messengers in the office of Third Auditor
to $37,000-, w Inch, after a few words of explana-
tion fiom Mr. C, was agreed to.
Mr. LAY moved to stake out the two follow-
ing clauses: For compensation to the Solicitor of
the Treasury *>3,5l)0, and for compensation to the ,
clerks, &c, in said office $1,650.
Mr. L. said he was given to understand this
office was a mere sinecure.
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied that the gentle-
man had better move to repeal the law under which
the otíici' was cieated.
Tne amendment was rejected, and a motion
was made by Mr. Cimbrelevg to ulerease the
sum of §1,650 in the latter clause to «¡3,950-, which
was agieed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to strike
out the item of J>'22) for componsition to the s >c-
retary to the commissioners of th« sinking fund,
to the 16th of Februaiylast; and after n few words
fiomMiss.s.CAMBRELENG, LAWRENCE,
and JOHNSON, the committee rose for want of
a quorum, and reported that fact to the House.
Mr. HANNEGAN said that, inasmuch as there
were many important bills before the House which
were delayed by the appropriation bills, and as
it was probable that they might be able to get
'  through this bill to-night, he moved a call of the
i  House.
Mr. VINTON moved an adjournment.
i      Mr. PARKS was confident there was a quorum
in the House; and, with a view to ascertain that
fact, he called for the yeas and nays; which were
ordered, and were—yeas 78, nays 53.
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
TncRsovr, Jlpril 14, 183G.
Mr. McKEAN presented three petitions from
a large number of citizens of Philadelphia, remon-
strating against the admission of Aikansas into
the Union, with the clause in her constitution
authorizing slavery; which was laid on the table.
Mr. SWIFT presented the petition of Ephraim
Page, praying for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. KNIGHT presented the petition of a num-
ber of ship-owners and others of Piovidence,
Rhode Island, praying for an appropriation for
placing buoys, dolphins, &c, in the Providence
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
i      Mr. WALKER presented the memoiial of the
[  heirs of Edward Randolph; which was refened
i  to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
i                REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NAUDAIN, from   the  Committee on
j  Claims, to which was referred the bill for the re-
j  lief of Simon Gerom, reported the same without
amendment, and stated it as the opinion of the
committee, that the bill ought not to pass.
Mr. KNIGHT, from the Committee on Man-
ufactures, to which had been referred the petition
of the citizens of Brooklyn, New York, and other
j   places, praying for the repeal of the duty on
foreign coal, made an unfavorable report thereon.
I                               RESOLUTIONS.
I        Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
| which lies on the table one day:
II      Resohed, That the Committee on the Pirel Office ana
Fo^t Hold" he ln«tructr-rl to inquire fn'o the- expedí ^ney of
(MaMi«!uHj i ¡la-t routu from ilcli mi. -.eat oí ui-tice of
l'< tin count), Missouri, to tlio ^eat oi jti^net ol lienton
c-oiintj.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to:
Reiolrcd, Tliat tlie returns 'or the 1 i^t tlin <> month* frmn
the Bank ol the United Status, nuil the dinurjiit deposit
binks, cominuuicateu to the Senate on the 14th oí January
last, be punted
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House were sever-
ally read twice and referred to the appropriate
committees:
A bill for the relief of George Bender;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Michael Fen wick, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Andrew Hoover, of
Indiana;
A bill for the relief of Asa Armuigton, and
others;
A bill for the relief of Henry Stoddard;
A bill for the relief of John Barkley;
A bill for the relief of Amelia Leach;
A bill for the relief of John F. L-wis;
1     A bill for the relief of James Moor and William
Moor;
i     A bill confirming to the legal representatives of
Thomas F. R.eddick, a tract of land;
A bill for the relief of Abraham Foibes, a spy
in the late war;
A bill granting a pension to Colonel Gideon
Morgan, of the State of Tennessee;
A bill for the relief of Israel Ingall;
A bill for the relief of the hens of William
I Forbes, deceased;
A bill for the relief of JoseplrNeibert;
A bill for the relief of Jesse Sykes;
A bill repealing the 14th section of the act in-
corporating the subscribers of the Bank of the
United States, approved April 10, 1816;
A bill for the relief of James Bradford, of Lou-
isiana;
A bill for the relief of John Almon and George
Woolsey,
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Bennett, Peter
Guthrie, George W. Bennett, James Calvin, John
Fifer, and the heirs of Henry Sumpton, deceased;
and
A resolution referring the petition and papers
of the heirs of Robert Fulton, deceased, to the
Secretary of the Navy, to report thereon to Con-
gress.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The resolutions lying on the table were sever-
ally concurred in.
LAND PATENTS.
On motion of Mr. EWING, of Ohio, the Sen-
ate took up the bill giving effect to patents for
public lands, issued in the names of deceased
persons; and, after being amended.
On motion of air. WALKER, the bill was
orJeied to be engrossed for a third reading.
,           PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The bill to appropriate, for a limited time, the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands among
the several States, and for granting lands to cer-
tain States, was taken up as the special order.
Mr. BENTON observed, that this bill contained
the same donation for the State of Missouri as
was contained in a bill introduced by himself;
and he would barely observe, that the Legislature
of Missouri had passed resolutions asking for this
donation of fifty thousand acres, while they re-
monstrated against the passage of this distribu-
tion land bill. The representatives of Missouri, in
accordance with the wishes of their Legislature,
preferred that this donation should be made m a
separate bill, and he therefore moved that it be
stricken out from the bill before them. He pre-
sumed there could be no objection to this motion
on the part of the Senate.
Mr.WALKER said that, as the bill now stood,
he should move, as an amendment to the motion
of the gentleman from Missouri, to strike out the
donation of a like quantity of land to the State of
Mississippi. He thought nothing could be more
clear than that it was the duty of Congress to
put all the new Sta'es on an eaual footing as to
grants of land, and that Mississippi, therefore,
