358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLGftE.
Aprif 14^
the present occasion     He (Mr. W.) had mowd
to s 11U t.,e .jia.it for Mississippi out of the bill;
beca ise  he Km w, as he had explained  to the
Son re, that, if it remain, d in it, .Mississippi wowd
rece ve no grant at all, as it was known mat the
Piesident \vould veto tue bill even if it passed both
Houses.    A'id  now to refer to the lecturing the
Senator spoke of.    He read no lecture to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky: it was that gentleman who
fit at read a lecture to htm.    He (Mr. W.) had
not made a solitary objection to the gentleman's
course on that or any other subject; but the gen-
tleman took occasion to lecture him for looking
at the President's opinions, for the purpose of
*eeii!"- what would be his course on this bill, and
savins that he had violated the rules of order
waen   the gentleman  commenced  the   lecture.
Considering the gentleman'sage and distinguished
services, no; withstanding the differences of polit-
ical opinions between them, there was no gentle-
man tor whom he had entertained a higher re-
*oect, or trom whom he would receive an admo-
nition wita gieater pleasure; but the admonition
must be given in a spirit, of kindness; but when
it came in a spirit of taunt and reviling, he would
nse the prmltge which God had given to every
human being, of resistance to the utmost.    And
wnat (said Mr. W.) did I do'   1 merely followed
hib lhusmous example.    I said that, the first day
taat 1 took my seat, I heard him refer to the mes-
sage of the Piesident, and tell the American peo-
ple, and the whole world—and I have seen it in
print, too, in the newspapers of this country, and
l &jppo¡>e it is ¡n those of France—that the Chief
Magistrate of my country had d sgraced it by
miking a.i apology to France.    He would close
his lemail.s by express.ng his deep regret that
an American Senator had made statements that
would carry joy to the bosom of every French-
man; bat would cause a pang of shame and mor-
tifieauon in t.ie heart of every true American.
He was compelled to contest the asseruon made
by the Senator, that the President had made an
apology to France; and he would maintain it, by
readu.g an extract from that very message on
winch the French Government came to the con-
clusion to pay the money.
[Mere Mr. W. read extracts from the message
of t'ic President, in which it is sta.ed, in the most
emphatic terms, that he never would degrade him-
self and his country by making an apologv.]
It had been said (continued Mr. W.) that an
explanation was an apology. This he never had
heaid beioie; and certainly the explanation made
by the President was one of which no American j
had cause to regrut. It was only repeating what
he had said f.oin the first, and retracting nothing.
The maimer iti which t.ie President closed the
diiuiulues with France would «lied on the close |
Of his administration a blaze of glory, as brilliant
as that which marked his path at New Orleans;
and he believed that, of all the laurels he had
gamed, those would grow the greenest which
sprung from the termination of the controversy
with France.
Mr. CLAY had no doubt, as the Senator [Mr.
WalkerJ said, he took his seat without any per-
sonal feeling. He had no unfriendly feelings to-
ward the Senator trom Mississippi. When that
Senator had more experience, he would find the
expression of a difference of opinion was not
considered a want of courtesy. He (Mr. W.)
had expressed a strong opinion in favor of large
appropriations of land to new States, and he (Mr.
C.) that it was better to equalize them among all
the States. There Were three bills making large
grants to the new States, and not one to the old
ones; and was it a want of courtesy, that he should
propose a reference to a committee well-informed
on the subject, to examiné inn all its bearing? It
would be strange, if a difference of opinion should
indicate a want of courtesy. After the Senator
had been here for a time, he would find it not
best to retain these reminiscences. He (Mr. C.)
felt it hm duty to oppose these partial, one-sided
grants, and would still oppose them. It was true,
the message of the President, a  read by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, stated be would not apol-
ogise; but he invited the Senator to look at the
letter of the Secretary of State to Count Polignac,
«d he Would find it was an Apology; not, to be
Mr*  • degrading one, a  <h© Senator had referred
to, and he did n"t say whether it was to be con- I
strued ns being wrong. He thought France had
behaved wrong. It would have bi en more in ac-
cordance with her chivalrous character to l^e
first paid the money, and then, if she felt herself
wronged, 'o have taken measuies for redress. S'ic
had seized upon this matter as a pretext to with-
hold the monev acknowledged to be due to this
Government. But while the President was hold-
ing out to the country that he would not make an
apology, he (Mr. C.) felt himself placed in that
unpleasant predicament in which nbecame neces- |
sary for him to point the inconsistency.
Mr. HUBBARD (in the chair) here stated
that the debate was iiregular, the amendments
of the Senators from Missouri and Mississippi
being out of order, until the amendments made
by the committee were disposed of.
Several amendments made by the Committee
on the Public Lands were then concurred in;
some of them occasioning a slight discussion.
After a few remarks by Messrs. EWING and
KING of Alabama, the bill was, on Mr. Kivo's
motion, laid on the table, with an understanding
that it be taken up to-morrow.
SALARY OF GOVERNOR OF WISCONSIN. '
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Fbasíklin, their Clerk,
stating that the House insisted on their amend-
ment to the bill establishing the territorial govern-
ment of Wisconsin.
[The amendment reduces the salary of the
Governor as Governor and superintendent of
Indian affairs.]
Mr. BUCHANAN moved thata committee of
conference be appointed.
Mr. KNIGHT inquired whether it would not
be the proper course to move that the Senate in-
sist ou its disagreement and ask a conference?
Mr. BUCHANAN said he preferred the motion
as he had made it; and, on taking the question, it
was carried by the following vote:
YEAS—Messr . Denton, Qlack, Brown, Buchanan. Cal-
i lioun, Crittenden,   Cuthbsrt,   Ewmg of  Illinois, G)U1>
1 birough, GiUiidj, HubbaiJ, Kins oí  Alabima, King  of
G org.a, Li'in, Poru i, Hive , li ibbms, "obinaon, Rá¿*les,
j VValK-r, Wall, Web ter, and VVniiit—73
'     NAYS—.Mesar . Clav, Davi.,Eivin ot Ohio, Hendnck-,
Hill, Kent, Knig'it, Mangum, ¡VIoru«, Nauduu, Nicnola',
Nils , Pr ntis=, Sheplt,, riouJiard, Swi t, Tomlinson, and
Wnue—18
Mr. PORTER moved that the committee of
conrerence be appointed by the Chair; and, the
motion having been unanimously adopted, the
I Caair named Messrs. BijCHANAV, WEBSTER,and
Sheplet, to compose the committee.
ERRORS IN INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
I The joint resolution to correct mistakes made
, in certain Lidian reservation*, was read the sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole; and ordered to be engrossed for a third
1 reading.
I                           ARTHUR BRONSON.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the
! Senate took up the bill granting a preemption to
Arthur Bronson; and, after a debate, in which
the bill was supported by Messrs. RUGGLES
| and PORTER, and opposed by Messrs. KING
i of Alabama, and EWÍNG, the question on or-
1 dering it to a third reading was lost—ayes 9,
noes 1&.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Afrü 14, 1836.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, on leave, presented
, a petition; which was referred.
I                 SELECTING DCPOSIT BANKS.
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, the follow-
' ing resolution, submitted by him yesterday, was
taken up:
1 Aesoleerf, That the Secretary or thw Treasury be directed
to communicate to this House Aril information of the mode
and manner ot «electing banks ir. the several States or
Territories for the deposit of the public money of the United
States, of all contracts, agreements, or stipulations entered
into with «aid bantu for the safe keeping of said money*;
taat tiie Secretary of the Treasury also state what agents
have been employed, the nature and extent of their agency,
and the compensation winch such agenta have received in
any way from the Government of the United States; and
that he uifo vute what officer  «r adentran tho part of Mid
hanks Hnve in any way participated or b>en in-trtimcMal
i  the formation of any such contract , agre¿nieiit~, or
>tipuhtions, concerning the depoait ami sa>e keeping ot
said mnnejs in --aid bnik-,
| The resolution having been read, Mr. WISE
rose, and moved to amend it, by substituung
the following in Ueu thtreof:
Uetolved, That a select committee be appointed, with
power to send for persons and piperito inquire mio the
mode or agency ot selecting the Dinks of depo it for the
pubue money; the contracts with tho Trea-ury Depart-
ment, by which they are reculated ; the manner in winch,
and the persons by whom sueh contracts are or have been
in ide ; into all coire-mondence what oever touching con
tracts for the deposit oi the public monev ; and l.ito all con-
nection, relation, official or unofficial, which exist , or has
exMed, between any person or persons and the Treasury
D pirtment, or h-nwien th^ni and the di po it banks, or
a ly individiiil- or Dinks, touelnn? the custody and the
control and deposit of the public monev ; or between any
department ol the Executive, and any individual or indivi
da Us or banks touching the di bursements ot the public
moiipj, appropriated or unappropuated bylaw; and into
the amount ot como"n«ation of any or all agents whatso-
ever, official or unofficial, connected with the said Depart
mem, or said bank , touching the disbursements, sa*e keep-
unr, or deposit of the public money ¡ and that said com-
mittee have leave to report by bill or otherwise
I Mr. WISE said the resolution of his honorable
colleague differed very materially from the one
which he now offered as a substitute for it. The
first difference was, that the resolution of his col-
league directed simply an inquiry of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and an inquiry, too, for inform-
ation which the Secretary had given at the last
session of Congress. The amendment which Mr.
W. submitted proposed immediately the appoint-
ment of a committee to investigate and to inquire
into, by witnesses brought before the committee,
the charges made against the Secretary of the
Treasury and those who were acting with him
in the keeping of the public money. He knew
very well that heretofore it had been the parlia-
mentary usage and custom, before an investiga-
tion was ordered, to make inquiries of the De-
partments; but he asked the House if this De-
partment would give the information desired, by
a mere inquny being made of it. There were
two sufficient answers to this argument of usage
1 In the first place, the last Congress of the United
States addressed this very inquiry of his colleague
to the Secretary of the Treasury, and in fact
more full and more satisfactory than the present
inquiry; and that inquiry was answeredi In the
second place, the Secretary of the Trensuiy
had already informed Congress and the country,
through the columns of the Globe of Saturday
last, that the same answer would be again re-
turned which was given to the Congress of 18J4.
He would take the trouble to read to the House
the answers which the Secretary of the Tieasury
had already given before tne inquiries were madt
which was a most unusual and unprecedented
course. The Secretary intimates, in the first
place, the course he desires Congress to pursue;
which was either for him (Mr. W.) to inquire
of him individually, or for the House simply to
! inquire.
Mr. W. then read extracts from the Globe, as
follows:
i " Mr. Wise. This individual, in a resolution which he
has three times called up in ti e House for immediate ac-
I tion, is but acting anew the panic scenes in the Senate in
i 18J3-'34. Then, the Seeretary of the Trea ury was ertlled
upon for copies of contracts made by the Department with
! the deposit bank-, correspondence witb them, and even the
amount of stock that officer held in one of them; al o
I whether an agent was employed to supenntend the depo-it
banks; if so, by what authority he was employed, and how
much he was paid, and out of what tunde, fee To all thet-e
inclines prompt answers werouiveii, and to the latter, that
no agent had been employed by the Department We have
good reason to believe thatany information which Mr. Wise
may wish concerning the depOMt bank-, m possession of
the Treasury Di|iartmtnt, he can readily obtain by apply-
ing tor it, without the aid of a t'orncU re oluüon ; and m re-
lation to an agent to superintend the deposit bulks being
employed or p ud bv the Depirtment, we are authorized to
I say the «arte answer would be given to mlch an inquiry as
that made to the Senate iu 1634."
.     Mr. W. would not inquire of the Secretary of
l the Treasury, neithtr would he examine the rec-
ords of the Department to get the truth, because
i the only record* kept of the transactions were
tn the bosoms of the individuals concerned; but
i he would examine witnesses and get the truth,
and the whole truth, of these transactions. He
had been recommended to inquire of the Secre-
! tary of the Treasury m relation to this matter.
1 Suppose b.6 was to do sot w.mtld the Secretary
