A
tanto (
•FHDvüDNftKDWfGN^K'Ol.Offiff.
aammmWn^n npiin jr.
txmMaior—and yet hardly  day fndiiiiwhhsut j
aoate gewtkroenj wh« are so free Mid «a severe '
in tteirstricturesupon the conduct of this officer, '
presenting resolutions to the Senate calling upan
•him for official informatio ?   The Secretary of
the Treasury seems at this; moment to be not
eory distrusted, but ia his judgment-most unasr-
itt-iily —snost unjustly abused.   Why is this  *?
Why is the Secretary of the Treasury thus sin-
gled out and thus attacked?   He had long bee 
well acquainted with that public «finer; he and
the Secretary were natives of the same- State,
educated at the sane institution, members of the
same profession, and for many years he had; been
on terms of great personal intimacy with tint
gentleman; and he felt a pride and a_ pleasure
in the fact that that gentleman was bis friend,.
From these considerations, Mr. H, remarked
that he considered himself called upon to say,
that that officer would at no time 'shrink from
any investigation into his official conduct. There
is not to be found a more faithful, a more indus-
trious, a more intelligent public servant connected
with the administration of our Government,   In
saying this much, he believed  that he said ao
more than truth and justice would warrant.   He
hoped the memorial would go to the Committee
on Commerce, or to some other committee who
would do justice to those who bare been thus
arraigned before the Senate—who would, by their
report, effectually put down this fault-f udiiig dis-
position , or would nut down those who are so con-
stantly held out betore the Senate as unworthy of
confidence.    Let the investigation be made; let
the examination be prosecuted with every possi-
ble degree of severity.   Pic, for one, had no fears
for the result.   The Secretary of the Treasury
has too much integrity of character t* be-les-
sened in public opinion by any such insinuations,
or by any attacks whatsoever which may be made
here or elsewhere upon his public official conduct.
Mr. KNIGHT said, that, from some observa-
tions he had heard, it might be inferred that the
, Secretary of the Treasury was to blame.    He
believed the Secretary knew nothing about the
underwork—the machinery by which the removal
was effected.
Mr. GOLDSBOR0ÜGH said, that, as there
seemed to be some doubt whether the Senate was
the proper body to go on with the examination
into this matter, and as it was probable asimilar
■ memorial hod been presented to the other House,
which would seem to be the proper place for in-
vestigation, he would move, for the present, to
lay tne memorial on the table.
Mr. CALHOUN said, if the petition should
be referred, the committee would have all the
facts before them. If the Secretary did not knew
of this underwork, the-case presented a state of
things which, to his mind, made it little better.
Didiie understand the Senator from Now Hamp-
shire to hold that, because a man had lost his
freehold, he should be turned out of office? Was
there any Senator here wbo would subscribe to
such a doctrine ? Where a man had conducted
himself properly, and was well qualified to dis-
charge the duties of bis office, that he should be
turned out of it for no other reason titan because
he had lost his freehold qualification to vote!
,,The Senator from Tennessee thought this repre-
sentation of the memorialist not correct The facts
set out seemed to him to be a plain, unvarnished
narration of ha wrongs; and it soeraed Mr. Mcl-
vihewas reluctantly tamed out, as be Twa¥ ac-
knowledged to be a good officer. It might appear
tasóme Senators that it was so small a ease that
bo «no would think it worth while to solice it.
He did not think so. The principles involved init
gave it great importance. The Senator from Con-
nectieu¿l*ír..Njcii*j had said that he (Mr. C.)
had given an opinion that public offices should
rbe perpetual. If ¿be Senator had stated so in a '
newspaper al Hartford, he wduld not have noticed
it; but, stating it as he did, in his place, he felt
bound to say not one word of it was true.           i
Mr. HUBBARD said, that when he first ad- !
dressed the Senate he stated as his suspicion that
it was among the objects contemplated, tó reach
the Secretary of the Treasury. In this Supposi-
tion it seemed he was not mistaken; for, from
What has jusi fallen from the Senator from South.
"           , there «an be so doubt that that gwitle-
tnao eoneeives that the Secretary may be impli-
cated.   The Senator has stated the ground of his
opinion that the Secretary must necessarily have
been made acquainted with all the facts and cir-
cumstances connected > w*th th . removal of the
memorialist; and that of consequence, if the- sol-
lector has. committed an,error or a fault, blame
might attach to the Secretary.   He stated, when
up before, the power of the collector over this
subject^ aiM that in this instance he had  not
transcended the power «onfided to. himi and that
he (Mr. Husbas ) could notheUeve that* under
any circumstances, there would be good ground
of complaint against the Secretary of theTreas-
unr.   He hoped that the memorial would be
referred to the Committee oa Commerce, or to
some other .committee) and he trusted that who-
ever should-have charge' of the subject, all proper
inquiries would be made into the official conduct
of the Secretary of the Treasury—an officer ia
, whoss-adelity he bad the most unlimited confi-
dence.   He could not believe that that officer
would fail, on any occasion, to do his whole duty;
that in the execution of the trust confided to hkn,
he could not suppose, that he would knowingly
i do any wrong, for any purpose whatever.   And
6  stating his opinion of, and his confidence in,
, the Secretary of the Treasury, bo was well as-
sured that the time .was when the honorable
Senator from South Carolina entertained as favor-
able an opinion of, and as much confidence in, that
officer, as he himself now did.   How it has hap-
. pened that so great a revolution in the sentiments
and feelings or the Senator has been wrought
towards that officer he might be able to tell; but
the cause was wholly unknown to him, and he
"believed to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr.<?ALHOTJN made no accusation against the
Secretary. He bad said that it was the duty of
the Secretary to look into all the facts of the ease;
and if the oolleeter had turned out Mr. Melville
only because he had no freehold, and could ,take
no part in elections, to apply the proper remedy.
This the Senator from New Hampshire could not
deny.
•    Mr. HUBBARD.   Certainly not.
'    Mr. CALHOUN""continued.   But thegent$-
man said that the collector had power to remove
the officer, without- giving any reasons for it.
Against this -dbotfino-he .protested.-1 Ml tttese
high officer wove head as truswior *h« bewefie of
the people, and notas the property of the indi-
{ vidual or his party.   The officer having appoint-
ments to make, was bound to appoint men capa-
ble and worthy, and to «stain them, if they* did
their duty faithfully; and he had no right to turn
1 them out, to put, in men who would serve the
f>arty.    If the office was the property of the col-
ector, and not held as a trait, he admitted that
he would have aíight to turn ont and putin whom
he-pleased*   He said, nothing- against the Secre-
tary i but he; thought, from lis correspondence
with Mi*. MelviHe, he, had a knowledge of all the
facts, aod.it waahis duty to inquire further into
them, and if Use tolleetor had done wrong, to
apply the remedy.   This was all hehadsaid, for
j it «tight turn out! that the collector gave good
, reas*** for the Tumoral.      •<   i
n  .Mtv CLAY thought the Senator" frost Mow
r Hampshire [Mr. HobbaRdV had displayed more
h«eal than discretion. . He (Mr. C.) had made a
_remark'that, however flagrant the outrage might
be, he did not suppose, there; was any remedy.
, He did not intend by it to implicate the Secretary
of the Treasury, for whom he bad afavotaWere-
I gard) and took pleasure ia stating thaton several
i occasions ho had transacted business in his office,
fand'found hijOr^rompt and accommodating in the
discharge of hie duties.   But he thought the
Senator had, nevertheless, traveled/Out of the
way, when banronounced the" Secretary wenoeoftt
.before ha had had his trial,                 <\  , .,,-    ■;
, i Mr. HUBBARD. The Senator from KsMsefcy
had ««id that her had manifested rather «nose «al
than discretion in his defense of the. Secretary of
tha Treasury; and in support of his declaration,
the Senator from Kentucky states that, bo (Mr.
H.) hadi pronounced, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury innooant, «van 4>efore,that officer had been
put upon bis trial. He had ao* pronounced U*at
officer innocent «of any charge, which might be
I-preferred against him.  All that he statsd was,
1 a^t/^ he i<wrtpv«f«di^ai to *rr**, that officer
! well, and from his Jtoowledg* of bis general in-
tegrity, faithfulness, and intelligence, be hazarded
nothing in saying that that otTner would never
shrink from any and every investigation into his
public official conduct which may be set on foot
by authority here or elsewhere; and,such was
' his confidence in the purity of that man—a con-
fidence which he had reason to belieys was not
misplaced—he had no fears for himself as to the
result of any and of all such investigations, This
he stated, and all this he most conscientiously
believed. And he would only say in conclusion,
that the Secretary had been often assailed on this
floor by some of the most distinguished Senators
of this'body. He had heard those attacks with
regret and sorrow-, not that he for a moment
could believe that that officer was obnoxious to
I the charges which had been so often made, but
his regret proceeded from the circumstance that
the Secretary of the Treasury was not as well
known to all his accusers as he was to himself.
Mr. H. said that, in his judgment, in his full
'belief, examine when and how it shall be the
pleasure of the Senate to do, into the official con-
duct of the Secretary of the Treasury, that
officer will never suffer by any such examination.
-,Mr. NILES said the Senator from South Car-
olina denied that h* advanced'or sustained tlie
principle, he (Mr. NO had referred to, that offices
should be as stable and permanent as a freehold.
di «night be that he (Mr. N.) Was mistaken in
saying that it was contained in the report of the
, Senator? but he believed it was in his Speech, or
the report) he thought he could not be mistaken
that the Senator had asserted that principle,   He
t now appealed to the'Senator to-say wAether it
' was true that he had advocated such a principle
either in his report or speech. And what did the
Senator now contend for ? Was he not now main-
taining, to a great extent, the same principle ?
How was this petitioner injured ? 1  what did
the outrage consist, of which the gentleman- had
spoken, except in violation of the rights -of the
, petitioner to hold on to bis office ? The entire
ground of the comphtint rested on tb# principle
r that the petitioner had a private ráght km vested
interest in the office. It was not, ¡pretended that
thei>ublic interest had suffered*) that was not the
ground-of eomplaint,  „      ,   ¡.
Mr. WALL «aád thai fee -had ti  intention of'
entering «to any debate on the subject! butane
remark which b#d fallen from the bSoor&AA* Sen-
ator from Kentucky demanded some,notice.-,-He
thought that the honorable gentleman need" not
-entertain any fear  that any actionltJf t e Senate
in respect to this memorial would require the
process of expunging to correct it; and he must
take the liberty to remind him, that the expung-
ing -process did not originate in this body, but
received its impulse from the people,            ■ ;.
This petitioner complains of a.grievance which
he,has sustained, . He has a right ¡to present that
grievance to this body, and Mr, W. asid,.¡that
he held the right of petition included the right of
reception-, antfthisi petitien steered dear «* the
difficulty,, which .had iso.much embarrassed the
Senator from South. Gasolina on a former occa-
sion. Here the petkionercompkuned of a griev-
ance,which affected himself individually ^alllieugh
it is. one which many others, ¿i* all parts of the
country, like wise suffas;, am}, what >• it 3 ,<W-4t>y,
sirritr,is nothing .moreftwjeitBjhftik tip opevMibn
of ^he^reat republican or**« ffl« 0*!ir«f«**t' i"' «*
qffice." The rwtition^,,aitsV,.hay«if! iw?ld nn
office for upwards q£ ten yeBrS W^sd|spl oed.;to
make room for- another oaer  acotptaW -to; the
people taod equally, or .¡better, qualified -A a nüs-
■«hargft. its duties. To \>* wre, it- wt* «1 ways
coawer*4*. great-gwewnoexby the-leaing party,
 y pqliwcsl friqadssuiffered under *« /' scorching
operations" recenflyiia New. Jersey, and¡lp :the
rqtty of New, Ywfea,n4iare1«pw fhfhag itir t>Uits
«gox i  the gjfeatJStatc of-Pennsylvania, afldtalso
in^the^Stat^sh - But it is a. complamt, whish «loes
not excite much general sympathy; it is a.graov-
ance which,i*,l09k#dupqu,a  0B ,,n9 ultiitrne-
cessarily from the, opqratios ,of oa* ! aft «f*<lof
Government. The petitioner does not complain
that the public *«* sh'Stairiey any injury by his
•b«e4nr«JíW^8Í«s«**tMBMf ^S*  ,a   «•'l
