THE CQNOREÉjSIONAii ®L®m.
April 15.
have no place for the írreposeaiid care. Not one j
public hospital existed in all the region of the I
Wist.
There are navigating the western waters moie
ttian forty thousand people, and from tne neces-
sity of then avocatio.. they pass through vauous
climates and countries, so that they are necessa-
rily subject to sickness and disease.
The section of the State of Illinois which I have
the honor in pait to represent is situated on and
between the largest and most navigaole nveis in
the West,and on that consideration there is more
business done on them than perhaps in any other
part of the West, and, consequently, there are
more sick and disabled sailois thrown on the
shore of the district I repiesent than any other.
This is the leason that he lespccttully bungs
this subject before the consideration of the com-
mittee, and hopes it may be adopted in the pre-
sent bill, which is befoie the committee.
It is true there is a bill ícported to the House
on this same subject; but it is extremely doubtful
if that bill, or many others of such chaiactei, will
be acted on during the present session.
In a conversation with the honorable chaiiman
of the committee who reported the bill providing
public hospitals in the West, he (Mr. R ) was
satisfied with the bill, and is yet, if we could
reach it and acton it. The bill allowing land
could be changed into an appropriation for money,
if that should be deemed the most advisable,
which he considered it would be. He (Mr. R.)
said he had and others had, also, endeavored to
bring up certain measures for the action of this
House, but failed in them all. The gentleman
iiom Indiana [Mr. Hannegvn] had, on various
occasions, attempted to bring up the bill giadu-
ating the price of the public lands, and failed in
them all. He (Mr. R.) had attempted to bring
before the House, on a day certain, the bill allow-
ing a pension to those brave men that defended
the country fiom the Indian enemy, from the
yeai 1783 to 1794, but failed in it.
The subject of the West Point Academy can-
not be brought up for the action of the House.
Seeing all these attempts fail, Mr. R. feared that
this subject could not be brought up for the action
of the House, and it is on this consideration he
hoped the amendment would be adopted in the
Dili before the committee.
The gentleman [Mr. Stober] is laboring under
a mistake m the course and views he has taki n
of this subject. His amendment provides for
the location of a pablic hospital at the city of Cin-
cinnati, which will injure the measuie. It is
impossible for Congress to locate the hospitals;
the Mtes must be selected by the Secretary of the
Tieasuiy, or some other competent officer of the
Government.
In conclusion, he hoped that the amendment
would be adopted in the present bill, as the. sub-
ject might not be acted on in any other bill during
the piesent session of Congress.
The amendment of Mr. Reynolds was re-
jected, as was also the pro position of Mr. Storer.
Mi WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved that
the sum of $50,000 be appiopriated for the im-
provement of the Cumberland river fiom the
mouth of Laurel to Nashville, Tennessee; which
was rejected.
Mr. BOON moved that the sum of §25,000 be
appropriated for the erection of a marine hospital
at Evansville, Indiana; which was rejected.
Mr. ASHLEY renewed the amendment offered
by hi tu yesteiday, for clerk hire in the office of
the surveyor general of Illinois and Missouu,
#2,000. He explained that the appropriation
was authorized by a preexisting law.
Mt. JOHNSON, ot Tennessee, remarked that
the item liad been struck out of the bill in the
Committee of Ways and Means at his instance,
because he was unawaie of its being in pursuance
of an existing law    As the gentleman from Mis-
souri liad produced the, act, Mr. J., of course,
withdrew his objection.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. K1NNARD moved the following:
Be it farther enacted, That the sum of $23 000 be, and
tjic same is lierehj, appropriated lo defray tiie expense of
Making coDie  ol lile fi Id notes¡ map , and survejs of the
public Hud , <.o!d ind unsold, in cncli ot the femes and
Territories in winch the public lands are situated, lor tne
U*e of the l-egisl.-uure of sucli Stale or Territory.
Mr. K. remarked that he would detain the.com-
mittee but a few moments in explaining the object
and meaning of his amendment. It was n prop-
osition which he felt it his duty to submit fiom a
conviction, aftei matine reflection, that the object
proposed to be accomplished deseivesthc serious
and favoi able consideration of the committee. He ¡
had not been in the habit, and he never would be,
of submitting amendments meiely to show an
anxiety for the nUeiests of his own constituents,
or "to consume the valuable time of the commit-
tee to no useful purpose. His object was to furnish
the Legislature of each State and Terntoiy in
which the public lands are situated a complete
authenticated copy of the field notes and maps of
the lands within their limits. It is a matter con-
nected intimately with the general subjects i elating
to the public domain. I conceive that the item of
expense necessary to accomplish this object be-
longs to this appropriation bill, as there are appro-
pi íations contained in it for vauous purposes
connected with the land offices, and the lands
themselves. Is it not due to the new States, where
the Government, the greatest of all land specu-
lators that has everbcenor ever will be, has sold,
foi the sake of revenue, millions upon millions of
acres' Will not the Geneial Government place
in the keeping of those States a copy of these land
records, to them and their rights, perhaps, in the
course of time, the most impoitant of all the
documents they could possess '
These documents are retained by the General
Government exclusively. They show the sub-
divisions which have been made of the whole
domain. Tney show the situttion and mag-
nitude of the various grants made to individuals
by the Spanish, Fiench, and British Govern-
ments, which, by treaties, the United States have
undertaken to confirm. They present a view of
a multitude of Indian reservations whieh have
been tiansferred to citizens of the United States.
I would ask the committee if it is not important
to the rights of the new States, that they should
have the maps and records by wmch they might
I correctly comprehend the nature, situation, and
' magnitude of these grants, reservations, and sub-
divisions into which the public lands have been
cut up, so as to apply correctly the taxing power,
and to guard forever the titles and homes of their
citizens againt the accidents and contingencies to
which these records are liable while in the keep-
ing of this Government' I beg leave to remind the
committee, that some years ago a portion of the
maps and field notes were destroyed by the burn-
ing of one or more of the offices of the surveyor
general. What was the consequence > Thesui-
veys had to be made anew. Suppose another
Tieasury building—the destruction of other offices
of the surveyor general, and the consequent loss
of these records, showing the subdivisions of
the domain of whole States, densely settled, em-
bracing towns and cities—what would have to be
done to secure and perpetuate millions of titles to
realcstate which may have often changed owners'
The mischief which would ensue would be be-
yond calculation. Would the resurvey of the
country by the General Government remedy the
evil' Would it, if allowed by tiip States, which
is questionable, airest the litigation that would
grow out of the destruction of tne original rocoids
and the obliteration of the old landmarks' I
apprehend not. If the States would permit it,
and if Congress weie disposed to make a resui-
vey, it would be impossible to run the lines in all
cases as they weie run at first, and to give any-
thing like satisfaction in the attempt to readjust
the suiveys. There are other considerations,
i which at this time he would not press on the
attention of the committee. The item of expend-
iture for this impoitant purpose is very small;
and I think it due to the States, where the Gov-
ernment is collecting million^ upon millions of
dollars, in the sale of lands, to pass it promptly.
Mr. CARTER moved that the sum of $100,000
be appropriated to extend the improvement here-
tofore commenced by the Government of the
United States at the Muscle Shoals, in the State
of Alabama, up the Tennessee and Ilolston rivers,
to Kmgspoit, in the State of Tennessee; re-
jected.
Mr. C. said, that it was his duty to say to the
ccnmittee thathe offered this amendment for the
purpose of acquiring for the country he repre-
sented in part some of the benefits of the appro-
priations and expenditures of the Government.
He was assured that the improvement of these
rivers could not be objected to upon constitutional
sciuples by those in support of the pirsent Ad-
ministration. Upon elimination it will be found
that the improvement proposed by the amend-
ment is national in its chaiacter in several points
of view. It is national, because it opens a free,
safe, and direct communication between the inte-
rior of the fertile and valuable country of East
Tennessee, possessing an inexhaustible treasury
of natural wealth and national resources of indis-
pensable materials for national defense, as well as
an abundance of provision stuffs; and, sir, it com-
municates with a hardy, industrious, and patriotic
people, who, upon all exigencies and calls of their
Government, are always ready to pour out their
blood and expend their treasure in defense of the
honor and free institutions of their country. All
these indispensables, in time of difficulty and war,
can be transported with facility to the most vul-
nerable part of our whole fiontier in defense of
the country. And, sir, in time of peace, the proper
time to prepare for the defense of the country, this
section of country of East Tennessee can, by the
reception of some encouragement, supply the
Government with ordnance and munitions of war
of every character and description upon much
better terms and of superior quality to any she
has heretofore been in the use of, all which can
be transported by means of this improvement to
any part of the United States that the Government
might require. Again, sir, the whole country is
interested in this impiovement, for the single rea-
son that East Tennessee is capable of supplying
the world with the indispensable articles of iron,
nails, &c, and of a better quality afforded any-
where else. East Tennessee seems, sii,to be
designed by nature for a manufactuung country,
as well as agriculture, and only needs a market
to secure the independence and happiness of the
people. In order to aid in the procurement of this
independence, I hope this committee will adopt
the amendment.
Mr. DENNY moved the sum of $20,000 for
the erection of a public hospital at Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania; rejected.
Mr. EVERETT moved that the sum of
$10,000,000 be paid to the several States, to be
divided among them in proportion to their Federal
numbers as ascertained by the last census; rejected
—ayes 38, noes not counted.
Mr. RIPLEY moved that the sum of #200,000
bo appiopriated, to be expended under tiie direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, to select
sites and prepare materials for the erection of
hospitals on the western waters for the accom-
modation of sick persons employed in navigation
thereon; rejected.
Mr. GRAVES proposed the sum of $35,000
for the endowment of a maune hospital at Louis-
ville, Kentucky, to be elected under the dnection
of the Secretary of the Treasury; rejected.
Mr. LEA proposed the sum ot $3,000 for the
erection of a district couit-house at Knoxville,
Tennessee; rnected.
Mr. HANNEGAN proposed that the sum of
$50,000 be appropuated foi the erection of a ma-
rine hospital at the foot of the Grand Rapids of
the Wabash river; rejected.
Mr. MERCEll moved the sum of $15,000, to
be expended under the dnection of the Commis-
sioner of the Public Buildings, for improving and
extending the public grounds around the Capitol,
to the west thereof, as far as First street, and
graduating the same; rejected.
Mr. McKENNA, (at the instance of the gen-
tleman who represented the western distnct of
Virginia, [Mr. Morgan,] who wasabsent through
indisposition,) moved the sum of $525,000 for the
erection of a commercial or marine hospital at
Wheeling, Virginia, rejected.
Mr. GLASCOCK moved the sum of $20,000
for the erection of a marine hospital in the city
of Savannah, Georgia, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Tieasuiy; re-
jected.
Mr. MERCER moved that the amount of the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands, foi the
last two years, be paid to the several States in
