370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
employed in their offices; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. HANNEGAN asked the consent of the
House to submit the following resolution:
Resolcttt, That the second Monday in May, and the three
succeedin" d;^s. alter the hour of twelve o-clock, be set
apart tor the coVid ■ration of the Ml to sraduate and reduce
the price o." the public lands, tosether with such other prop
options as nnv b¿ involved in the final settlement of the
question, and 'more especially the propriety of suspending
further sale;., e\cept to actual settlers and residents; pro-
vided so much time as is above specified shall be required
for the purpose.
Objection being made, Mr. Hannegan moved
to suspend the rule; and to show that his motion
was notan idle one, which was made to consume
time, he would not call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ASHLEY asked for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
The motion to suspend the rule was then neg-
atived.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House, pursuant to the special order
adopted on Thursday last, took up the bill mak-
ing appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Government for the year 1836.
The bill was reported at a late hour last night,
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with sundry amendments, and the
question was on concurring with the committee in
their report.
Various amendments made in the body of the
bill were then read, and concurred in without a
division.
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, moved to non-con-
cur in the amendment proposed by himself, and
adopted by the committee, in relation to the al-
lowance to the district attorney of Florida, under
the acts for the ¡settlement of private land claims
in Florida; which was agreed to.
The Committee of the Whole had stricken out
the following item :
" For office rent and fuel for all the surveyor's offices,
$1,000. 
Mr. CORWIN moved to non-concur in that
amendment, so as to restore the clause to the bill.
Mr. C. made a few remarks in support of the pro-
vision in question, and referíed to the recom-
mendation for it by the Commissioner of the
Land Office.
Mr. HARDIN opposed the allowance, and
asked for the yeas and nays on the question of
concurrence; which were ordered.
The original clause was further advocated by
Messrs. JOHNSON of Louisiana, RIPLEY,
and ASHLEY; and opposed by Messrs. VAN-
DERPOEL, LINCOLN, BOON, and BOND.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment of the committee being concurred in, the
clause was accordingly stricken out—veas 129,
nays 23.
Sundry amendments of merely verbal or cler-
ical character were moved by Mr. CAMBRE-
LENG, and agreed to by the House.
The committee proposed to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
" For the Docume-itarv History of the American Revo-
lution, per act of 9th March, 1833, $20,000."
Mr. EVERETT excepted to the amendment
on the ground of its rejecting a provision to carry
into effect a valid and binding contract, and asked
for the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. PHILLIPS produced the contract made
by Mr. Secretary Livingston with Clarke and
Force, and a letter addressed by them to Mr.
Secretary Forsyth; which were read by the
Clerk.
The debate was continued by Mr. THOMP-
SON of South Carolina, and Mr. CHAMBERS
of Pennsylvania, in favor of the clause, and by
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON against it.
Mr. CARTER then submitted an amendment
to the clause directing the Secretary of State to
notify Clarke and Force to discontinue the said
work, and to ascertain the probable amount of
damages that would be incurred by rescinding
the contract, and to report the same to Congress
•t the next session.
Mr. SPEIGHT suggested to the gentleman to
withdraw his amendment, and to permit the ques-
tion to be taken on the amendment of the com-
mittee to strike out.
The debate was further continued by Mr.
ADAMS in favor of the appropriation, and by
Mr. SMITH against it; when Mr. PEARCE, of
Rhode Island, obtained the floor; but gave way to
Mr. LANE, on whose motion
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jpril 18, 183G.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Treasury Department, in answer to the resolution
of the Senate of the 13th instant, inquiring the
amount of money in the Treasury up to the 31st
of March last; in what banks the same is depos-
ited, and the capability of such banks to meet
their liabi
&c; and,
capability
; also, th
e receipts for customs,
On motion of Mr. EWING, of Ohio, it was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr EWING, of Ohio, presented petitions on
the subject of a change in the location of the Cum-
berland road; which were laid on the table.
Mr. TOML1NSON presented the petition of
Peter Bradley, praying for a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
William Patterson, of the city of Dublin, in Ire-
land, representing that he has invented a valuable
improvement in the art of tanning hides and skins
by an article not heretofore used for that purpose,
and applicable also to tanning ropes and sails,
and to dyeing. He wishes to take out a patent
from the United States; and not being a citizen
of the United States, he prays that that part of
the patent law be dispensed with which requires
citizenship or a residence of two years, and that
a patent be granted to him, or to his legal repre-
sentatives in the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BLACK presented the petition of William
Bryan; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported the bill making appropri-
ations for the naval service, with several amend-
ments; which were read.
Mr. S., from the same committee, reported,
without amendment, the joint resolution of the
House, referring the petition and papers of the
heirs of Robert Fulton to the Secretary of the
Navy, with instructions to report thereon.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom had been referred the petition
of Leslie Coombs, reported a bill for his relief;
which was read, and ordered toa second reading.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported the bill for the relief of Henry
Stoddart, without amendment.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, leave was granted
to Elizabeth Smith to withdraw her petition and
papers.
STATISTICS OF THE UNITED  STATES.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a memorial of Pro-
fessor Lieber, on the subject of a statistical work
on the United States, in preparation by him, and
praying for the aid of Congress. Mr. C. spoke
of the work in terms of high approbation, and
moved the printing.
Mr. WEBSTER said, he had had the honor
of an acquaintance with Professor Lieber, and
believed him to be a gentleman of much experi-
ence, and an accurate and judicious writer. He
had read, too, the memorial which the member
from South Carolina had presented, and he
thought it a very able and comprehensive plan,
or outline, for a useful and important work on
the statistics of the United States. How far Con-
gress might be inclined to patronize such a work
he could not say, but he thought it would be
useful to give publicity to this plan; and he hoped
the member from South Carolina would ask for
the printing of twice the usual number, so that
some few copies might be distributed.
Mr. CALHOUN modified his motion so as to ;
make it for printing double the usual number, and '
in this form it was agreed to                                      ;
FORTIFICATION ON   LAKE CHAMPLAIN.
On motion of Mr. SWIFT, the resolution di-
recting the Secretary of War to cause a survey
to be made, for the purpose of ascertaining the
mosteligible site for a fortification on Lake Cham-
plain, was taken up, and, after a slight discus-
sion,
Mr. WALKER moved to amend it by adding
a provision directing a survey to be made, for the
same purpose, of the coast of the Mississippi,
bordering on the Gulf of Mexico.
After some remarks from Mr. WALKER, the
question was taken on his amendment and lost.
The resolution was then adopted.
THE LAND DISTRIBUTION BILL.
Mr. CRITTENDEN laid on the table the res-
olutions of the Legislature of Kentucky, instruct-
ing their Senators and Representatives to vote for
the distribution land bill.
PREEMPTION CLAIMS
Mr. WALKER submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States be requested to ascertain and report to the r-c ir-
ate of the United States, with as little delay as practicable,
the quantity of the public lands of the United States secured
í by claimants under the various acts of Congress granting
preemptions since the adoption of the cash syttem, «ppcitj-
ing in said report the quantity bo secured eacli year.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition from sundry
citizens of Fall River, Massachusetts, praying
for the abolition of slavery and the slave trade in
the District of Columbia.
Mr. GRUNDY moved to lay the petition on
the table.
Mr. WHITE said he presumed that the proper
course would be to reject the prayer of the peti-
tion, as had been done in the case of the memo-
rial of the Society of Friends; and he moved to
reject it accordingly.
I Air. GRUNDY then moved to lay that motion
, on the table; which was agreed to.
|                      CARRYING THE MAILS.
The joint resolution for changing the time of
making contracts for carrying the mails was read
the third time and passed.
This resolution makes the contract year com-
mence on the 1st of July.
.     CAPTAIN THOMAS WEST.
The report of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, unfavorable to the petition of the repre-
sentatives of Captain Thomas West, deceased,
was concurred in.
RESOLUTIONS DISPOSED OF.
The resolution submitted on Friday by Mr.
Linn  was  agreed to-^and the resolution sub-
I mitted on the same day by Mr. Kent was laid
! on the table.
¡  TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT----^TSCONSIN.
|     Mr. BUCHANAN, from  the  committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendment of the House to the
i bill to establish the territorial government of Wis-
1 consin, reported that the committee had agreed
i to recommend to the Senate to recede from its
disagreement to the amendment of the House;
and,
On motion of Mr. B., the Senate receded ac-
' cording! y.
CARRYING MAILS ON RAILROADS.
|     On motion of Mr. GRUNDY, the Senate took
' up the bill to authorize contracts for the transpor-
tation of the United States mail and property on
railroads.                                                                 v
j Mr. G. said the report of the committee em-
braced the principles and explained the objects
j upon which it was intended to support this bill.
1 This was no party measure, nor was it gotten up
( for temporary purposes; and whatever of merit
t there might be in it, or whatever matter of recom-
! mendation it had, was in the measure itself, and
¡ in the effect it would produce upon the whole
j country, let the Government be in whose hands
j it might.
¡     He subscribed most heartily to the patriotic
I sentiment expressed some days since by the Sen-
