1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
atorfrow Kentucky, [Mr. Ciat,] " that, what- |
ever oar political or party difference* might be, '
still there wrre some subjects paramount to all '
party considerations, and upon them at least we
should act without reference to party." And this
measure (said Mr. G.) is believed to be of that
description.    He therefore invoked no aid from
his political friends on party grounds; and he
hoped those of the Opposition would fairly, and
without prejudice, consider the subject, and give
or withhold their support according to their con-
victions of its propriety and utility.
By the Constitution of the United States, the
whole subject of post offices and post roads was
confided to the General Government, and the
Sutes had no power left ever it; from which, he
would infer, that there was a strong moral as
well as constitutional obligation upon this Gov-
ernment so to use this power as to produce the
greatest benefits to the citixens of the States.
How were these benefits tobe produced? Only
by a safe and expeditious transmission of intel-
ligence and communication of all kinds, which
might be plaeed in the mails throughout the coun-
try. Of the necessity of a safe transmission, he
need say nothing, as all would at once perceive
it. Of the necessity for expedition, he would
remark, that one of the great purposes of the mail
establishment was to give general information,
political and commercial, and especially of the
state of the market abroad, and in our principal
cities, that speculators might not avail themselves
of private expresses, and thereby obtain the
property of the laboring part of the community
at a lower price than it was worth.
Let us now see (said Mr. G.) what is the true
state of things, if the Government shall not have
the use of those railroads. Six miles an hoar
upon a macadamized road (say the road from
Baltimore to Wheeling) is as great speed ss has
been attained by teams and coaches; and in Eng-
land, where, regardless of expense, roads had
been made perfectly level, tea miles an hoar on
them was the greatest speed. The speed of a
locomotive on railroads would average fifteen
miles. If, then, these railroads were not to be
used for the transportation of the mail, private
intelligence would arrive at a place two hundred
and fiftv miles distant, while the mail had only
traveled one hundred miles. By this means the
utility of the mail was in a great degree destroyed.
He therefore concluded that the Government must
have the benefit of these railroads in some way.
Suppose (atii Mr. G.) you make a contract for
four years, at a reasonable rate, on a particular
railroad—from that moment all competition is at
an end, and, at the end of the four years, you are
completely in the power of the company as to
price. He had, therefore, considered it fortunate
that so few contracts had been effected.
Another ideaexists,(said Mr.G.,) which i«, that
the Government shall, by law, declare these rail-
roads post routes, and then contract with persons
to carry the mail on them in cars provided by the
Government or the contractor. This, he thought,
would be perhaps the most expensive plan of
transportingthemail thatcould be devised. Grant
the power of this Government to transport the
mail on them—it would scarcely be contended that
the right to transport passengers or private prop-
erty existed. If, then, these engines and cars
were to be procured, and kept in operation for the
«ok purpose of carrying the mail, the expenses
could not be borne by the Government. Not so
with a railroad company. A small increase of
their means of transportation would enable them
to take the mail and its superintendent..
He had heard another plan suggested, which
was, that as these companies were common car-
riers, the mail carrier employed by the Post
Office Department would have the legal right to
demand the transportation of himself and mail at
the usual legal rates. Admit this to be so, (said
Mr.Q.,) you put the mail, as t  the time of its de-
parture and arrival, entirely in the power of a
corporation, proverbially heartless at all times,
bat especially so when at variance with you upon
the subject of money transactions. If the Post-
master General were not to control and. fix the
times of the departures and arrivals of the mails,
a derangement and disorganization would ensue,
the evil effects of which could not be calculated.
If two hours' demy should take place between
this and Baltimore, the mail of ene day would he
lost to all post offices east and north, not only on
the main line, but on all the dependants or lateral
mail lines; and the same consequences would
follow south and west upon a failure on the great
southern line. This proves (said Mr. G.) that
you or the Post Office Department must have the
control of the railroads, as to the times of depart-
ure and arrival of the mails. Besides, the mails
had to be delayed in some of the offices, for short
periods, to be distributed and exchanged; and, in
such cases, the managers of engines and cars must
wait, or there would be failures; and when the
Post Office Department was in controversy with
these companies they would intentionally produce
those failures. Besides, our stipulation in a con-
tract should be, in case of injury to an engine
carrying the mail, the first that could be had
should be taken, if it stopped the transportation
ears.
Upon an examination of all the plans and sug-
gestions he had heard, he could see no plan so
practicable as that contained in the bill by which
to secure the advantages of the railroads for the
transportation of the mail; besides,'all collision
and irritation between this Government and the
States, and their incorporated companies, will be
avoided.
He was, in the general, as much opposed to mo-
nopolies and incorporations as any one; but here
were State Charters, granted by State Legislatures
competent to grant them; and we had no power
over them, except that which might" arise from
the authority in the Constitution to establish post
roads. Was there, then, any wisdom in having
a controversy with these companies, when we
could, at a reasonable price, procure valuable and
indispensable services from them, and change
them into agents of great public benefit?
So strong was his conviction of the great utility
of these railroads asa means of defending the coun-
try , that, so soon as a reasonable number of forti-
fications should be erected, and the principal roads
now projected should be completed, he should
consider this country perfectly secured against
foreign invasion. Ten thousand men, with their
arms, could be brought from Baltimore to this
plaos i  thnt hours,; the militia, from the whole
interior east of the Alleghany Mountains, could
be plaeed on the sea-coast in two or three days;
the physical strength of Philadelphia could be
transferred to Baltimore or New York in a few
hours; and each of these cities could be brought
to the relief of Philadelphia, if needed, in'the
same period of time.
Should the two great routes in the western
country, which had been projected under very
favorable auspices, be effected, New Orleans
would never again be in danger. If the road from
New Orleans to Nashville were in operation, in
three days men could be sent from the latter to
the former place; they could be sent from' the
most populous parts of Mississippi in half the
time.
If the road from Charleston to Cincinnati should
be completed, the militia of the back country,
even embracing a portion of Tennessee, could be
transferred to Charleston in less than forty-eight
hoars in case of an invasion.
The advantages of these railroads to the Gov-
ernment were too apparent to require further illus-
tration. What objections could be urged? It
could not be objected that State rights were in-
vaded. According to the views of the strictest
sect of -State-rights men, here was no attempt at
jurisdiction. The States and their incorporations
retained all the power over the roads; this Gov-
ernment did not become a partner, nor had it any
control in any manner over them. It contracts
with the company to receive the mail at a given
time, and to deliver it at a certain place, before or
at a time specified in the contract, in the same way
that it now contracted with an individual who
was to transport it in stages or coaches.
The friends of internal improvement by the
General Government could not say that this
measure conflicted with their principles. It nei-
ther affirmed aor denied them. It was free from
the controversy growing out of that subject.
It would afford incidental aid to the construc-
tion of railroads; but, at the same time, did not
bring up the disputed question  which had di-
vided the people of the country. ■
Without examination, it might be apprehended
that the scheme would involve the Government in
the concerns of these companies. Not so, (said
Mr. G.;) no money is to be advanced until the
road, or some important section of it, is in actual
use, and then only for that part of it which is
completed. No visionary schemes would be em-
barked in by the Government, but it would pro-
ceed on absolute certainties.
This measure was recommended by its equal
operation and beneficial effects in all the States.
Every State was now engaged in constructing,
and would have railroads passing through them.
In a short time all would have the benefits of
these contracts extended to them.
It might be apprehended that the Government
might lose the money advanced, by a failure of
the company. This was very improbable. It
was not to be expected that Congress would make
any contract until it had well examined the ability
of the company, its connection with the State
government in which the road was located, the
importance of the road itself, in relation to the
points it connected, and those through which it
passed. Further, a lien was to be had upon the
road itself, and every kind of property appurte-
nant to it; and in case of a failure to comply with
the contract, proceedings were to take place to
subject the whole to the payment of the money
advanced by the Government.
If a company should fail, and proceedings be
instituted against them, the General Government
ought not—and he was willing so to provide—to
become the purchaser. If the road should be of
value, other purchasers would come forward and
buy it} and the property on which the lien ex-
isted would always be sufficient to secure the
Government; for no money was to be advanced
except the road should be finished, or a section
of it sufficiently important for the transportation
of the mail thereon.
Upon what principle were these contracts to
be made ? This was a matter for the decision
of others, and not his. He should himself be
willing that a fair compensation should be fixed
on for the transportation of the mail and other
public property, then ad vanee a sum which would
produce an interest, the- amount of the yearly
compensation, making a reasonable addition for
increased expedition.
After some further general remarks) Mr. G.
•aid it was his design, at the proper time, to asso-
ciate in the bill the Secretary of War With the
Postmaster General, as the provisions of the bill
appertained to the War as well as the Post Office
Department.
Mr. WEBSTER adverted to two resolutions
he had presented at an early period of the ses-
sion on this subject, and would have brought the
matter forward at an earlier day had it not been
for the position in which he stood here as the
friend of the land bill. If this bill could be brought
in competition with the land bill, he would give
that bill the preference; but if there was, in his
opinion, money enough in the Treasury to meet
both objects, he was disposed to support this
measure, no matter what party was for or against
it, and concurred in the views of the Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Grckdt.] It was their bounden
duty to relieve the country from the evils of the
accumulation of money in the Treasury. He then
went into* a statement to show the amount of
money in the Treasury, which in the aggregate
for the present year would amount to about forty-
one millions, in addition to the seven millions
from the Bank of the United States. And how
were they to dispose of it ? He concurred' gener-
ally in the recommendations for appropriations
for defense from the Department; but gave «
preference to an increase of the Navy over the
fortifications. Fort  were good in guarding against
sudden attacks, but after all we must rely on *
superior naval power to keep us free from inva-
sion, except in those sudden attacks which OP
naval power could guard against. Looking to
the extent of all reasonable appropriations, he
thought there must be a large surplus  whichthey
were loudly called on to dispose oí. /-."She state of
the currency was made up at presea* of contra-
dictory elements, in wnich. money was scarce,
