3T2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
and yet property high, beyond all precedent.
This paradox mi-ht be solved by the propensity
to draw nil the money into the Treasury, and
hold it there. When the occasion came tie would
express his opinion on the causes, and hoped that
time would soon come; hut as it was not neces-
sary, in the discussion of this bill, he would not
eo into it now. He adverted to the advantages
of transportation of mails on railroads over other
road", and thought, if they could come upon any
Hist and reasonable terms, by which it could be
"effected, it ousht to be done, and he would say
even liberal terms. Companies had accomplished,
and even exceeded their most sanguine expecta-
tions in completing and putting their roads in
use, and their enterprise had far outrun that of
individuals; and if they could be benefited they
ought. As he could not see that this measure
could at all affect the land bill, he should vote for
it, and hoped the Senate would pass it.
Mr. BUCHANAN" said he understood that
this measure was to be taken up merely for the
purpose of introducing it to the notice of the Sen-
ate and the public, and then passing it over for
further consideration. He had not read the bill
until that morning, and he did not rise to express
any opinions as to the vote he should give; but it
«eemed to him that there were great difficulties
attending this measure. He never had any con-
stitutional objections as to the mere appropriation
of money by subscription of stock to internal
improvements, though he had formed a decided
opinion as to the jurisdiction of the Government
over internal improvements, believing that over
them they had no power. He came, however,
to the conclusion that they should exercise the
power they did possess with extreme caution.
The vast number of systems for internal im-
provements started in the different States, which
«ought to be fostered by Congress, showed that
they were not a body fitted for contracting with
the interested individuals in the States.
Though he had no constitutional objections to-
the first section of the bill, yet he feared that it
would be the commencement of a general system
of internal improvement. In the State which he
represented, railroads were becoming as common
as ordinary turnpike roads. In one part of the
State two railroads ran parallel to each other for
a considerable distance. This bill proposed; in
all cases in which it was proposed to carry the
mail on a railroad, to advance the company a
sum, the interest of which would be'equal to the
compensation for carrying the mail and troops
of the United States on such road. This princi- ;
pie would connect the United States with every '
railroad over which the mail was to be carried;
and what security had the Government that the
railroad company would perform its part of the
contract, except under the last section of the bill,
by bringing a suit against them, though they
might be insolvent? If gentleman eould make
any suggestions, showing how the benefits of the
railroads could be secured to the United States,
without the difficulties that presented themselves,
he would be ready to give up his objections, and
vote for the bill as the least of evils. The United
States were not to acquire jurisdiction over these
roads. Then cases might occur in which it would
become the interest of these companies to suffer
these roads to be tak<°n from them by legal pro-
cess; and in what position would the Govern-
ment then be?
Again, railroads in this country were but in
their infancy. Vast improvements were making,
and had been made, within the last ten years.
Ten years ae;o the great object was to get a'lovel;
it was now discovered that an accent of sixty feet
in a mile was not too much. The science of rail-
road making was now in its infancy; and, by
giving an advance to these companies, the Gov-
ernment would be bound to them for all tinv, no
matter what improvements might be made in
roads running parallel with them.
If this land bill should pass, or a bill to lend
the surplus money to the States, as he had heard
suggested, the easiest thing in the world would
be to insert a provision, that where the States
own or charter railroads, the mail and troops of
the United States shall be carried on such terms
as Congress may deem reasonable. Mr. B. could
not then say whether he should vo<e for the bill
or not. If it could be so modified as to obviate !
some strong'objections that presented themselves, '
he would cheerfully give it his support.
Mr. CALHOUN admitted, that if something
was not done the transmission of intelligence
would be transferred from the General Govern-
ment to the railroad corporations. He thought,
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, there were
great objections to this bill. He saw very clearly,
if they commenced this system, that there was
great danger of its ultimately ending in a system
of internal improvements. There was no knowing
the extent to which these contracts would be car-
ried; and there was also a great difficulty in fixing
what would be an adequate compensation. He
would mention another difficulty that could not
well be guarded against. So long as it should be
the interest of these companies to fulfill their con-
Jracts, they would do so; but when it became
their interest not to fulfill them, and they failed
to comply with their engagements, there was no
remedy but a suit for the return of the funds ad-
vancer),
Mr. WEBSTER said, the remarks he had made
were confined to the general object of the bill,
and thoughtthc details might be altered in regard i
to the perpetuity or limitation of contracts.    He
would, however, take it for granted that the power
was given in the bill to have modified contracts.
He was glad the Senator from South Carolina j
[Mr Calhoun] saw no constitutional objections, I
and had suggested difficulties which might be ,
remedied.
Mr. GRUNDY remarked, that there was noth-
ing in the bill about the duration of contracts.
The bill contained no such provision; because he
knew that the charters of the railroad companies
in many of the States were limited.
He had now obtained his object in bringing the
1 bill to the notice of the Senate. Neither he nor
the committee supposed the bill was perfect; and
they were obliged to gentlemen for any sugges-
tions they thought proper to make. He hoped
they would examine the subject further, and come
to a conclusion to give it their support.
; Mr. CLAY'S opinion heretofore expressed in
[ regard to the power of the Government to con-
struct roads was unchanged. He had little
doubt that this measure, if adopted, would end in
a complete revival of the system of internal im-
provement. At present the Post Office sustained
itself, but this bill proposed a new principle, an
entire change; and the people would want to
know whether some diminution of postage was
not going to be had, as it was to be supported
from the surplus funds in the Treasury? He was
struck with the spirit of speculation both in Eng-
land and in this country in regard to railroads,
and alluded to a paper he had read, (published in
England,) giving an account of the various pro-
jectsfor railroads there,and, from its corre spond-
' ing tenor with publications here, would have sup-
1 posed it to have been published in this country,
did he not know the fact to be otherwise, tie
spoke of the rapidity with which subscriptions
to railroad stock were filled up. Sometimes they
were filled up in a few hours by persons who
never meant to pay the stock, and A would sell
his stock at an advance to B, and B at an ad-
vance to C, and so on lower down the alphabet;
and it wasa species of great speculation. He had
heard this morning of one in contemplation from
Smithfield to Albany, a distance of one hundred
miles, called a grand scheme, and the stock was
taken in a fe w hours. He feared this measure of the
Senator from Tennessee would operate as a stim-
ulus to this system of fancy speculation, as it had
been termed. Property had risen while money
was depreciated, and more money wanted. The ,
money lying in these deposit banks, and the want '
of confidence, and apprehension that this paper i
system must burst, and the hoarding up of hard
money going on even by obscure individuals to
a great amount, might be added to the cause as-
signed by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Webster] of the present state of the currency. '
If he (Mr. C.) had ten or fifteen thousand dol- ,
lars, which, by the way, he had not, he should
want to look out for some of this yellow or white i
money too. If this bill passed, owners of stock I
in these railroads would believe it was going to
be valuable, and it would give rise to speculation.
Without expressing any opinion for or against
this measure, it was clear that the Government
must avail itself of the use of these roads in some
way. In Pennsylvania and New York, railroads
were becoming as numerous as common roads;
and in those States where they had the most rail-
roads they would get the most money; and,
therefore, according to the provisions of this bill,
it would not be an equal apportionment of the
money among the Federal States; and in those
States where assistance was in fact most needed
they would get the least. In regard to the Bal-
timore and Washington railroad, he had under-
stood that, after paying to the State of Maryland
the half dollar on each passenger—which he
thought rather unjust—and other expenses, the
whole amount, divided among the stockholder ,
was less than $300. The bill granted no new
power to the Post Office Department; and they
ought not to hasten its passage. He thought,
upon the whole, Congress would be a very Dad
board to examine into the nature of these con-
tracts.
Mr. DAVIS was in favor of the bill. It pro-
posed nothing more than an inquiry by the au-
thorized agents of the Government into the ca-
pacity of the railroad companies to perform the
service required; and, on their being satisfied as
to these particulars, a conditional contract to be
ratified by Congress with the approbation of the
President. The bill, therefore, was sufficiently
guarded; for if they could not trust Congress—
the immediate representatives of the people—to
make contracts, there was no human agency by
which they could be made.
Mr. MANGUM rose merely to suggest diffi-
culties that occurred to him in relation to this
bill. It took away the responsibility of the Post
Office Department, and transferred it to Congress,
and was virtually establishing a system of inter-
nal improvement by the General Government.
If it aided in anything, it was those railroads now
in progress. It authorized advances to enable
their completion, which was essentially a system
of internal improvement. The only difference
between the parties in this country was, that one
contended for State improvements by the States
themselves, and the other for internal improve-
ments under the denomination of national ob-
jects. It was resuscitating the old system of
internal improvements in its worst farm, and
they could easily imagine the combination of as-
sociations with the Treasury which might sub-
sidize the whole community. The application
of the principle would go to everyone who raised
a shovel-full of earth in the construction of these
roads. This was only one of the innumerable
difficulties arising from the surplus revenue.
Cases would occur where it would not be the in-
terest of the United States, or of the company,
to continue the use of these roads, and then they
would be thrown upon our hands. Hundreds of
thousands of dollars would be invested in these
improvements; and he would prefer going directly
into the system of internal improvement, as they
should then be able to judge where it would lead
to. He would prefer more time to look into this
matter, and for the present had merely thrown
out these suggestions as they had occurred to
him. He was unwilling to proceed in this mat-
ter at all, and not merely because of his distrust
of the Postmaster General or of the supervision
of Congress. He understood the object was to
empower the Postmaster General to look a great
way ahead, and make advantageous terms by
advancing large sums of money. Many changes
might take place within the period within which
a contract for a long period might be made,
which might lessen its advantages. The Post-
master General had a right to contract for four
years now; and he apprehended, on the roads
already finished, they would take no less for the
transportation of the mail. He had no doubt,
however, that these railroads would have to be
resorted to for the transportation of the mail.
This was an important matter, and ought not to
be hastened.
Mr. GRUNDY said, he wished the Senator
from North Carolina had read the report, and he
would have understood the bill better. The bill
proposed that money should be advanced in two
cases only; one where the entire road was in
