374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1 ,
who had voted for this resolution, with the excep- |
tion, perhaps, of the gentleman from Vermont,
ever contemplated that the Missouri question was
to be raised upon them. Neither of the resolu-
tions had any reference to the Territories of the
United States; and he thought it was too plain a
case to be argued. There was nothing in the
resolution to admit of the construction the Chair
had given to it; and if the House should refuse to
receive the petition, there the excitement would
end, and debate would cease.
Mr. SPEIGHT. This was a mere question.
It was an important one, and as a southern man
so he felt it. This was no question about the
abolition of slavery in this District, but one for
the abolition in the States; for he considered Ar-
kansas as a State. He was not disposed to argue
this question; for that, indeed, would be precisely
what its friends desired. It would be to give the
subject an importance which it did not merit. He
was inclined to differ with the Speaker. He
thought t'iis petition should not be received. He
had understood the Chair in the early part of the
session to have given a different decision, and
had decided that it was in order to object to the
reception of these petitions.
The CHAIR observed, that he had so decided
on one occasion; but the House by their vote re-
versed the decision; and subsequently his deci-
sions had been in conformity with that vote of the
House.
Mr. SPEIGHT resumed: He hoped the House
would refuse the reception of this petition. This
is the first attempt to interfere with slavery in the
States; it was a new question. What right, he
asked, had Congress to impose a restriction on
the people of Arkansas ? This question must be
met and put down. He was well aware that
nine tenths of the people of the North were op-
posed to mooting this question. It was the work
of a miserable degraded faction, who were at
work for political purposes, and the member from
Vermont, [Mr. Slade,] as their instrument to
effect it. He hoped gentlemen would meet the
question and put down these petitions. How-
ever much he might be disposed to support the
right of petition, he would not shrink from this
fuestion,letthe consequences be what they might.
lere was a direct interference with the rights of
a southern State, for he called Arkansas a State,
as she was just about coming into the Union; and
were they to receive a petition from a set of mis-
erable, degraded fanatics, instructing them as to
what conditions were to be imposed on this new
State when she was admitted into the Union ?
Mr. S. said he had great respect for the Chair as
an officer of the House, and great respect for him
personally, and nothing but that respect pre-
vented him from rushing up to the table and tear-
ing that petition to pieces. He wished to have
the question taken on the reception of the petition,
and, if the petition should be received by a ma-
jority of the House, then he cared not what be-
came of it.
The CHAIR stated the grounds of his decision
to the House. He said that, in giving the de-
cision he had, he considered himself as but ex-
ecuting the resolution of the House, (Mr. Pinck-
xet's resolution,) according to the construction
which the House itself, by its decision shortly
after its adoption, had placed upon their own
resolution. It would (he said) be remembered
that, when the resolution offered by the gentle-
man from South Carolina, and which had been
adopted by the House, first took effect, the Chai-
had placed a construction upon it, and had der
cided according to that construction. The House
differed with the Chair, and placed their own
construction upon its meaning and intent. Sub-
sequently to that time the Chair had taken great
pleasure in carrying the resolution into effect con-
formably to the opinion and decision of the House
as declared by a large majority of that body; and,
in giving the decision which he had on the present
occasion, he had, in his opinion, done nothing
more than attempt faithfu.ly to conform to the
decision of the House, and to carry into effect
the declared will of the House itself. The House
itself had placed the construction upon their own
resolution under which the Chair was then acting;
but if the House should reverse their decision,
the Chair would of course be governed by the last
construction placed upon the resolution by the
House. The resolution was a new rule or order,
operating upon this particular question. In con-
struing it, no lights could be derived from the
authorities of parliamentary precedents. It was
a question of intention on the part of the House
who passed it. What did the House mean should
be the construction placed upon it, was a question
which the House alone was competent to determ-
ine.
The petition now presented the Chair consid-
ered, from its face, to be an abolition petition—
a petition upon the subject of slavery generally—
in which the petitioners express their opinions
upon the subject generally, and state that an oc-
casion has arisen on which they press their views
upon Congress in connection with the admission
of Arkansas into the Union. He read from the
resolution of the House, in which it was declared
that "all memorials which have been offered, or
may hereafter be presented," and that every !
" other paper or proposition that may be sub- ¡
mitted in reiatioii to that subject be referred to a
select committee." The resolution further de-
clared, that "the resolution offered by the gentle-
man from Maine should be referred to the select
committee." The resolution of the gentleman
from Maine, thus referred by the order of the
House to the select committee, declares, that "any
attempt in this House to agitate the question of
slavery is calculated to disturb the compromises
of the Constitution, to endanger the Union, and,
if persisted in, to destroy the peace and pros-
perity of the country." Such were the broad
terms in which the resolution adopted by the
House was couched. The House had heretofore
decided that all petitions, papers, and proposi-
tions, upon the subject of the abolition of slavery,
went, upon presentation, as matter of course,
i under the operation of that resolution, to the
select committee. This being a petition of the
character embraced by the resolution, the Chair,
in conformity to the decision of the House, was
of opinion that it would go to the select commit-
tee upon its presentation. Should the House,
I upon reconsideration, reverse its own decision,
and plaee a different construction upon the reso-
lution, the Chair, as already stated, would take
pleasure, as it would be his duty, to carry the
will of the House, as declared, into effect.
Mr. HAWES moved to lay the question on
the appeal on the table; and upon that motion
called for the yeas and nays;  which were or-
l dered.
j After some conversation as to what situation
the petition would be left in,&c,between Messrs.
WISE, MORRIS, SLADE, LEWIS, PATTON,
UNDERWOOD, BYNUM, and the CHAIR,
the question was put on the motion to lay the
appeal of Mr. Wise on the table, by yeas and
nays.
I Before the decision was announced,
i Mr. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky, rose and in-
formed the House that his colleague [Mr. Under-
wood] had not voted; and he moved to compel
him to vote. In doing this, he concurred with
his colleague in the reasons which had induced
him to decline voting, and he made the motion
for the purpose of giving him an opportunity to
present his reasons for so doing.
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked to be excused on
the ground that he could not conscientiously vote
upon this question, unless he knew the contents
of the paper upon which he was required to vote.
If the house then refused to allow the paper to be
read, he hoped they would not compel him to vote
upon it.
The question was then taken on excusing Mr.
Underwood; but, before the decision was an-
nounced,
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky, inquired of
i the Chair if the question was debatable ?
The CHAIR replied that, from the voice of the
House, the gentleman was excused by a large
majority.
Mr. CHAMBERS said he had risen before the
decision was announced, and he again asked if
! the question was debatable ?
The CHAIR referred to the rule, and said, as
it was a new question, (for he had no recollection
of its ever having been presented before,) he was.
, therefore, not prepared to say that the gentleman
was not entitled to assign reasons why the reasons)
of his colleague to be excused were or were not
satisfactory. The Chair, however, never knew
the question raised before; for the invariable prac-
tice had heretofore been to take the question with-
out debate.
Mr. CHAMBERS then understood the Chair
to say he had the right to debate this question.
Mr. C. proceeded to address the House, and con-
tinued till one o'clock; when Mr. CAMBRE-
LENG called for the orders of the day.
The subject before the House was then laid
over, without announcing the decision upon the
appeal of Mr. Wise.
[The vote was understood to be 127 in favor
and 67 against the motion to lay the appeal on
the table".]
In the course of the morning, the following
resolutions were submitted:
On motion of Mr. BOON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post road from Fredonia, in the State of In-
diana, to Mount Prospect, in Crawford county, in said
State.
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Ravenna, in Portage county,
to Warren, in the county of Trumbull, Ohio, by Newton
Falls.
On motion of Mr. DICKERSON, it was
I     Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a post route from Dover, in the county of Morris,
¡ and State of NewJersey, through Suckasunny and Flanders,
to Hackettstown, in the county of Sussex.
(     On motion of Mr. HOWELL, it was
Resolved., That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into theexpediency of chang-
ing the post route between Newark, in Licking county, to
! Mount Vernon, in Knox county, so as to pass through
Chatham, in Licking county, Ohio.
! On motion of Mr. EVERETT, it was
| Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
' Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a post route from Windsor, via Hartland,Guinde
village, West Hartford, Snowstown, Sharron, and South
Stafford, to the town of Stafford, in Orange county, in the
State of Vermont.
i     On motion of Mr. McCARTY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a post route from Eaton, Ohio, via New Boston,
j Abington, and Philomith, to Centerville, in Indiana.
On motion of Mr. FOWLER, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
I tabhshing a post route from Hamburg, by way of Franklin
Furnace and Sparta, to Newton, in the county of Sussex,
New Jersey.
On motion of Mr. BOCKEE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Standfordville, in the State
of New York, to the town of Sharron, in the State of Con-
necticut.
On motion of Mr. JUDSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the following post routes in the State of Con-
necticut : from Jewett city, by Parksville post office, to
Canterbury; from Plainfield, by Moosnp and Central vil-
lage, to Brooklyn; from Ashford, by Hampton, to Canter-
bury.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House, in further execution of the special
order of the 26th of January, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
for the year 1836.
The bill had been considered in Committee of
the Whole; and the question immediately pend-
ing was on concurring with the amendment of
the committee to strike out the following clauses
For the Documentary History of the American Revolu-
tion, per act of March 2, 1853, §20,000.
Mr. CARTER moved to amend the clause by
directing the Secretary of State to notify Clarke
and Force to discontinue the said work, and to
ascertain the probable amount of damages that
would be incurred by rescinding the contract,
and report the same to Congress at the next ses-
sion.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, who was en-
titled to the floor, addressed the House for some
time in opposition to the amendment of the co«a-
mittee, and in favor of retaining the clause.
