1836.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                  87*5
Messrs. VANDERPOEL, THOMPSON of
South Carolina, GLASCOCK, CHAMBERS of I
Pennsylvania, TOUCEY, EVERETT, and AD-
AMS," followed on the same side; and it was op-
posed bv Messrs HARDIN, HUNTSMAN,
JOHNSON of Tennessee, and RENCHER.
The amendment of Mr. Carter was then
rejected without a count.
The question recurred upon concurring with
the Committee of the Whole in their report,
beiny to strike out the clause, and it was further
debated by Mr. PATTON, (who objected to the
appropriation at this time, on the ground that it
was an advance to the parties before the comple-
tion of the work for which it was appropriated,)
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina, Mr. TOU-
CEY, and Mr. JOHNSON of Tennessee.         í \
Mr. TOUCEY then offered a proviso to the
following effect:
Pnriied, The same shall not be disbursed before the
dMivery of the first rolóme of saco work; nor if sech vet-
ease shall caauia any documents anterior to the restrictive
_ measures, or any unimportant documents which, in the
"opinion of t'ie Secretary of State, ought not to be inserted
therein; nor unless, in the opinion of that officer, sneh vot-
ante shall not be in strict conformity with the contract.
Which was rejected.
The question was then taken on concurring
with the Committee of the Whole; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 85, nays 93.
So the clause was not stricken out.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved a reduction of
f 1,000 in the clause appropriating the salaries of
officers, &c, of Wisconsin Territory, pursuant
to the provision of the bill passed by the two
Houses for the establishing' the government of
•aid Territory; which was agreed to.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT OF WISCONSIN.
Mr. PATTON, from the committee of confer*
•ace on the part of the House on tho disagree-
ment of the two Houses on the bill to establish
the territorial government of Wisconsin, made
ft report that the joint committee had agreed to
recommend that the Senate recede from their dis-
agreement.   The bill in question waa a Senate
bill, amended by the Hooae in reducing the «alary
of the Governor from $3,500 to $2,508, to which
the Senate disagreed, and the Ho*se insisting, a
conference was asked, and Mr. P., the chairman, ,
made the foregoing report.   During the proceed- 1
ings of the day, the bill was returned from the )
Senate to the House, accompanied by a message I
Mating that they had receded from their disagree-
■sent.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
TozsDAT.wfsrtf 19,1836.
Mr. NAUDAIN presented the petition of
Peter A. Kartbaus, on the subject of French spo-
liations; which waa referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.                                                  I
Mr. CLAY presented a petition, numerously
signed by citizens of Louisville, Kentucky, Play-
ing that the private stock in the Louisville and j
Portland canal may be purchased by the Govern-
ment, and that it may be made toil free; which
was laid on the table.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of sundry
inhabitants of Miami county, Indiana, praying
tor the repeal of a law reserving certain sections
of land from sale; which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Land*.
Mr. TIPTON also presented the petition of
the ci ti zena of St. Joseph '■ county, Indiana* pray-
ing for the establishment of a poet route from
Southbsnd to Edwardsburgh; which was referred
-«e the Committee on the Post Ofice and Poet
Roads.                                                                 ;
Mr. MORRIS presented several petitions from
eúnsns of Ohio, on the •abject of a change in
the location of die Cumberland road; which was
referred to the Committee on the Pest Office and
Poet Roads.
Mr. NILES presented the petition of Gabriel
W. Denton; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented the peti-
tion of William Robertson and others; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BLACK presented the memorial of the
heirs of James Mason; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. PRESTON presented the petition of John
Gardiner, of Washington,praying to be compen-
sated for the invention of his hie preserver, to
prevent people from drowning; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported the bill for the relief
of Benjamin Beunet and others, without amend-
ment.
Mr. LEIGH,from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported the bill to regulate the courts of the
middle district of Florida, without amendment.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom the subject had been re-
ferred, reported a bill for the confirmation of cer-
tain land titles in Louisiana; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
William P. Rathbun, reported a bill for his relief;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the bill for the relief of Doc-
tor Thomas Cooper, without amendment.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tions; which were considered, and agreed to:
Raeltxd, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the Senate what is the nmsna amount that ean be
beneficially expanded atmiuilly upon the construction of
fortifications; provided the Corps of Engineers is increased
according to the bill which has passed the Senate, and that
the whole appropriation for each fort is made at once, to
be drawn for to annual installments, a3 required by the prog-
ress of the work. Also, that he inform the Senate what is
the maximum amount which can be beneficially expended
annually on tiie objects of expenditure within the Ordnance
department, as detailed in the report of that department of
March S, 1633, provided, the appropriations for each object
be made at once for a senes ofyeará,to be drawn for annu-
ally until the object is accomplished.
Railed, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
inform the Senate what is the imxmnun amount which ean
he beneficially expended annually towards completing the
naval defense i of the country, embracing—1, ordnance and
ordnance stores; 2, gradual increase of the navy, and col-
lection of materials; 3, repairs; 4, navy-yards and docks,
and other incidental heads of expenditure; provided the
appropriations for the expenditure be made at once for a
senes of years, to be drawn from the Treasury annually, as
needed.
Mr. TIPTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Attain be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
President of the United States to éxchanga lands situate
southwest of the Missouri river, with the Pottawatomie
Indian , for lands given to them by the treaty of Chicago,
of 1333, lying north of the Missouri river, should the Indians
desire to make such exchange. Also, to inquire into the
expediency of authorizing an exchange of lands in the ter-
ritory west of the State of Missouri, for lands owned by
the Miami and other Indians, in the State of Indiana.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which lies on the table one
day:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Manningham, Butler county,
Alabama, to Mount Willing, Lowndes county.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies on the table one day:
Raobtd, That toe Secretary of War be directed to cause
to be surveyed the most eligible sites for fortifications on or
near that portion of the coast of the State of Mississippi,
bordering on the Gulf of Mexico, or the blanda in that
vicinage, suitable for the defense of that section, and of
the commerce that exists there, especially that commerce
which hi carried on between New Orleans and Mobile, or
between the Pearl river, or Pascagoula, and either oif the
above mentioned cities; and that he cause to be made the
proper estimates of the expense necessary for the erection
and arming such fortification ; and that be make report
thereof to the Senate at the next session of Congress.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered,and agreed to:
JUmsW, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform the Senate what amoant of moneys of the United
State , received for public lands in the State* of Ohio, Illi-
nois, and Missouri, and the Michigan Territory, has been,
In pursuance of his instructions, transferred to banks in
the eastern cities since the 30th of Jone, 1835; ana that be
designase the banks/ram. and to winch inch transfers have
been made; that he siso inform the Senate whether any
such transfers are now ordered, and whether any other
deposit banks in the above-named States or Territory have
authority to direct what money shall be received for public
•tads w tbadistrjet  tor which thejr are nVi depositories.
GKORGK GMT, KSBltEllft ÍHJXUPS, AND
OTHERS.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which had been referred the bills from
the House for the relief of George Gist and other ,
and Ebenezer Phillips and others, reported them
severally without amendment, with a recom-
mendation that they be passed.
House bills referred.
The bills from the House authorizing the con-
struction of a railroad through the property of
the United States at Springfield, Massachusetts,
and to grant half-pay to the widows and orphans
of deceased officers and soldiers, were severally
read twice, and referred.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDB.
The bill to appropriate, for a limited time, the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands among
the States, and for granting lands to certain
States, was token up as the order of the day.
Mr. SOUTHARD addressed the Senate in a
speech of great length in support of the bill. He
said that he would not approve of the distribution
of a dollar of this money that was wanted for the
completion of the national defenses on a perma-
nent footing of strength and respectability, and
entered into calculations fro  the estimates of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and taking into view
the expenditures of the last year, for the purpose
of showing that the national defenses, both naval
and military, can be completed on the most liberal
scale without touching the proceeds of the land
sales, and still leave a large surplus yet to be'dis-
posed of. These calculations (he «mid) were bot-
tomed on the estimates of the Secretary himself.
In hie calculations for the naval defenses, Mr. 9.
expressed himself in favor of the most liberal
appropriations that had been suggested. He «aid
he would go as far as the seven million  per an-
num, as estimated by the Secretary of the Navy;
though he believed that, with a much smaller
naval force than this sum would produce, and
with a sea-coast like ours, we might bid defiance
to the combined naval force of the whole world.
Mr. S. spoke in high terms of eulogy of the
Navy, and declared that a naval force waa the
most appropriate arm of defense for free govern-
ment*, there being no instance recorded in history
where navies hadever been instrumental in sub-
jugating their country.
Mr. a. was not in favor of an increase of the
Army. He gave it as his opinion, in which (he
«aid) he was supported by the Secretary of War,
that the present Army was sufficiently for all the
purposes for which an army was needed.
As to fortifications, Mr. S. was for completing
those already begun on a liberal scale, with such
others as information, founded on actual surveys
and estimates, showed to be necessary; but he
was of opinion that the system of fortifications
was injudiciously commenced, though under cir-
cumstances which, at the time, seemed imperi-
ously to recommend it. Those who originated
the system were actuated by feelings of mortifi-
cation at the frequent aggressions of the enemy
on our shores, and a very natural desire to pre-
vent the hostile tread of the foreign soldier on
our shores in future. They had no idea of the
immense power and wealth to which this giant
nation would arrive, and that its vast population
and resources, with the improved facility of inter-
communication throughout the eountry, would,
taking our Navy into consideration, render^ us
secure from invasion.
Mr. S. then argued that, there being no want
for the proceeds of the land sales for the purposes
of the Government, (there being more thanenough
for all our expenditures of every description aris-
ing from the money received for customs,) this
fund ought to be appropriated for the common
benefit of the whole of the States, as was Origin-
ally intended by the act of cession of the State of
Virginia. He answered the varióos objections
that had been made to this bill, contending that
the money was not needed for national defense;
that it would not be wanted either for Indian wars
of wars with foreign nations, and that it*could
not possibly impede the growth orj*«rperfty of
the new States, as had bean otjsefio fry gentle-
men opposed to the bill.    ■
