376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Mr. SOUTHARD, without concluding, yielded
the floor to                                                 ,     „
Mr PRESTON, on who«e motion the Senate
Mem into th(~ consideration  ot executive busi-
ih w  "t*er v\ huh,
It ad, o   intd_______________
HOUSC Or REPRESENT ITIVES.
Tresis, .JomUÍ>,1S36.
M PHILLIPS a ked the consent of the House
to dis liaige th Committee of the Whole from
the fur.hei'considu ition of a bill from the Senate,
in addition to an act of May 24,1823, to authorize
the Infilling of vessels to be employtd in the
nnckuel fisheries
Mr WISE objected. He desired that the House
should take up and dispose of the resolution sub-
mitted bv his honorable colleague, [Mr. Drom-
soole,] and his amendment thertto. His colleague
was in uvorof the consideration of the resolution.
Hi had but little to say in conclusion of the re-
marks  Inch he had heretofore submitted But
as he had Ixen attacked in a scuinlous manner
by a newspaper of the city, he was anxious to
have aa opportunity of concluding what he had
to say on this subject.
Mr PHILLIPS honed the gentleman would
withdraw Ins objection, as the bill which he
wished to oring before the House would occupy
but a moment.
Mr. WISE had opposed the motion merely
for the put pose which he had indicated. He
would withdraw his opposition, under the hope
that the resolution of his colleague would be
taken up after the bill was disposed of.
The Committee of the Whole was then dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
mentioned by Mr. Phillips, and the same was
read the third time, and passed.
SELECTION OF DEPOSIT BANKS.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then moved to take up the
resolution offered by him. He ft.lt great anxiety
that it should be disposed of, and accorded with
his colleague in the hope that it would be now
taken up and acted on
Mr WHITTLESEY preferred that the stand-
ing committees should fust ha\e an opportunity
to report.
Mr. WISE remarked, that the snme request
had been acquiesced in heretofore, which had oc-
cupied the whole morning houi, and defeated any
action on the resolution. He asked it as a favor
of his friend from Ohio [Mr Whittlesey] to
permit this resolution to be taken up Reports of
committees could be made subsequently to the
disposition of the resolution of his colleague.
No objection being made, the resolution of Mr.
Dromgoole was taken up, and read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to this House full information of the mode
mnd manner of selecting bank* in the several States or
Territories for the deposit of the puW ic money of the United
States, and of all contracts, agreements, or stipulations en
tered into with s nd banks lor the sa'e kci ping of said
Hionejs That the Secietary ot the Treasury al«o state
what agents have been employed, the nature and extent of
their agency, and the compensation which such agent 
have received in any way from the Government ot the
United States; and that he also state what officers or
agents on the part of said banks have in any way partici-
pated or been instrumental in the formation of any such
contracts, or agreements, or stipulations concerning the de-
posit and safe-keeping of said moneys in said banks
The motion pending was the proposition of
Mr. Wise to strike out all after the word " Rt-
tolved," and insert the following:
" That a select committee be appointed, with power to
■end for persons «id papers, to inquire into the mode or
agency of selecting the banks of deposit for the public
money , the contracts with the Treasury Department by
which they are regulated, the mannerm which, and the per
tons by whom, such contracts are or have been made; into
all correspondence whauoever touching contracts for the
deposit of the public money; and into all connection or re-
lation, official or unofficial, which exist , or has existed,
between any person, or persons, and the Treasury Depart-
ment, or between them and the deposit banks, or any indi-
viduals or banks, touching the custody and the control and
deposit of the public money ; or between any department
of the Executive, and any individual or individuals, or
banks, touching the disbursement of the public money, ap
propnated or unappropriated by law; and into the amount
of compensation of any or all agents wbomsever, official
or unofficial, connected with the said Department, or said
banks, touching the disbursement, safe-keeping, or deposit,
of the public money ; and that said committee have leave
to report by bul or otherwise "                                            I
i Mr. WISE, who was entitled to the floor, ad- '
dressed the House. When he had spoken the
other day, he was presenting to the view of t'ie
House the difference beattui Ins colleague's
[Mr. Duomgoole] resolution and his own The
fir t and most impoitaiit difference was, that his
colleague's resolution was a mere mqu^iy of the
Sicutiry of the Treasmj , while his amendment
directed an mquiiy bj an lmestigating commit-
tee. He had cimnieiated thiee objections to the
form of proceeding pointed out by his colleague.
The first vv is, that pai I lament try usage had
alieady been complied with The Secretaiy of
the Treasury hid alieady answtied, in 1834, the
inquiries his colleague desired to make. The
Secretary of the Trtasuiy had already given an
answer, but that answer was not satisfactory
toMi.W. It was a suppression of the tiuth. An-
othei objection was, the repugnance he felt, and
which the House ought to feel, to adopt a mode of
pioceeding recommended and asked foi by the
becretaiy of the Treasury. The third objection
was, the effect of this measure of inquiry of the
Secretaiy of the Tieasury would be to lose the
discovtry of the fraud and falsehood which he
believed had been practiced upon Congress and
the countiy. Would gentlemen tell him it was
not neo ssiryto grant an inquiry by a committee,
until an inquiry should be made of the Secretary
of the Treasuiy ' They told him, too, that when
the answer came, if it was evasive, then he might ¡
piopose his inquiry. He told gentlemen that the
answer of the Secretary of the Treasury would
be a mere cloak—a mantle thrown over the secret
transactions of the Department in i elation to the
transactions of Reuben M. Whitney and the de-
posit banks; and when that answer should be
received, gentlemen would then say that it would
be an imputation on the Secretaiy of the Tieas-
ury to institute an investigation after he had
given his answer; it would be to say that that
answer was not satisfactory and correct.
There was a great and manifest difference be-
twoen the extent of the inquiries in his resolution
and that of his colleague. His colleague's reso-
lution did not go far enough, but was a mere
inquiiy of the Secietary of the Ticasury as to
the mode and mannei of selecting banks of de-
posit for the public money, whether any agent
had been instrumental in the foimation of con-
tracts, &c. Now, his coileagu" must undei stand
that this was what he charged especially. He
did not intend to say that Whitney actually made
the selection; he believed the Secretary of the
Treasury did that, and that this certain Reuben
M. Whitney was the mere inieriittuno. But he
wished to examine into the extent of the agency
between the deposit banks and this individual.
That agent was not merely to examine into the
condition of the banks, and report whether they
were good or not, befoie they were selected, but,
after that, this agent was the eye of the Treasury
over those banks.
This agency is not officially recognized by the
Department, although Mr. Kendall was appointed
supervising agent, and his contracts showed ex<-
pressly the influence which he had in the selec-
tion of banks of deposit, and it was to be sup-
posed that he would have the same influence in
removal after selection was made. This agent
might not make the selection, but he was em-
ployed in giving information which was the cause
of the selection. Now, he said to his honorable
colleague, and to the country, that this position
of a merely recommending agent was a most
strong, powerful, and dangerous position for any
one man to occupy in this country. Ho mio'ht,
in the first place, insist on an extiavagant demand
for procuring the public moneys for those banks,
and then, after they were selected, he might de-
mand of them almost anything he pleased, and
obtain it under a threat of having them removed. '
How was this agent paid ' He is, to be sure, not '
paid by the Government; but he was paid by the
banks for the use of the public moneys. Argus,
of old, had a hundred eyes to watch a single
object, and he was put to sleep; but this Argus
of the Treasury had but two eyes—one for him-
self, and the other for the Treasury—and was
paid for watching thir'y-five objects. This was
a lynx-eyed Argus indeed. The contract with
the Metropolis Bank showed that the Secretary
of the Treasury might appoint an agent to exam-
ine into their means and liabilities. The Secie-
tary of the Treasury, to be sine, nevei had him-
self appointed an agint, but Mr. W. bencved
he had recommended to the deposit banks to
employ one, and that Reubi n M Whitney was
the man, and he believed ho was paid many
thousands of dolíais by these banks. Were
these transactions tobe concealed from the knowl-
edge of the pt ople by a meic mquiiy of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, whf thci an agent was
paid by the Government' If they would ask in
a prop .r and satisfactoi y manner, he would be
satisfied.
Mr. W. asked, from the knowledge they had of
Reuben M. Whitney, who it was tobe supposed
he would sci ve, being employed by the Treasury,
and paid by the banks' Would lie serve God or
mammon' Cut hisinquny went much further
than his colleague's. His inquiry went to watch
their own watchmen, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and Reuben M Whitney—to watch their
own puisc-holders, banks and all. His purpose
was to inquire into all correspondence between
the Secietaiy of the Treasury and Reuben M.
Whitney; and would gentlemen refuse to lay
open that correspondence' What was supposed
to be the chaiacter of that conespondence ' He
believed there would be found much in it to be
dreaded. He believed in tnat correspondence
political consideiations would weigh heavily.
He did not charge this—he charged nothing; he
only asked for an inquiry. He presumed, in a
letter from Whitney to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, as to the selection of a bank of deposit, it
would rather be negatively of a political bearing.
He would say there were several good banks m a
certain place, but one of them, he would say, had
officers who belonged to a certain political party,
and might use the money for political purposes;
therefore, it would not be best to select that bank.
Yes, these political considerations would be of a
negative form. They would not select a Whig
bank, because it might use the money for polit-
ical purposes, but they would select an Adminis-
tration bank, because it would not use the money
for political effect. A correspondence of that
character had partially come to light in relation
to the Illinois bank, and yet they were told that
no agent was employed by the Government. Sup-
pose Whitney should, after a bank was selected
as a bank of deposit, apply for a special favor,
and should be refused; he might then inform the
Secretary of the Treasury that this bank w as un-
safe, ana the bank should be dismissed: oughl
not this correspondence to come to light, if there
be any such correspondence as this ' His inquiry
went further; he wanted to know the whole con-
nection, reciprocal and material, that existed be-
tween Whitney and the Department and the
banks of deposit; the whole agieement apper-
taining to the public moneys, and its safe keep-
ing. What light had any one man—what right
had the Department or the deposit banks to make
a secret of their business touching the public de-
posits ' and he asked for no correspondence which
was not touching the safe-keeping and disburse-
ment of the public moneys. Were they to sup-
pose that this investigation would result in an
inquisition' He would call attention to the inves-
tigation of the affairs of the Bank of the United
States: see what important facts that investiga-
tion brought before the public. He asked gen-
tlemen of the party how far that investigation
went into the private transactions of individuals;
of Thomas Biddle, and of Noah and Webb?
Then ought not Whitney's connection with the
deposit banks come to be understood' But was
Whitney and the Treasury to be cloaked by this
resolution of his colleague ' No, never, with
Mr. W.'s consent. But he did not ask an investi-
gation of a private nature The banks might
pay Whitney.from their private coffers what they
E leased. He only wanted to know what pay he
ad touching his agency with the public moneys;
and that was no private transaction. He asked
gentlemen if they would protect Whitney in his
sanctuary from a public investigation ? He asked
the nation-T-he asked the world. He asked who
this Reuben M. Whitney was, that was fattening
upon the people's money, and publishing insult-
ing cards in an infamous print (the Globet con-
