1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
an
cernios Mr. W. This infamo— individaalJuua'
taken the oath of allegiance to our encaves dar-
ing the last war, while General Jackson was
lighting the battles of his country. This was
the nun who was fattening upon your public
Treasury.
{Mr. \V. here read a long extract from the
report oi" Messrs. McDuffie, Watmough, and
Adams, in lt*Sá.]
Here (Mr. W. said) was the traitor during the
last war, who had then sworn an oath of alle-
giance to the enemy, and had since sworn a false
oath, as shown by the report of as high-minded
and honorable men as were in this nation, who
had the charge of the treasure of the land, which
amounted to upwards of forty millions. How
came he there t Did not the Secretary of the
Treasury know this when he made him taJeriMut-
«¡a? Mr. W. had understood that a former Sec-
retary of the Treasury had refused to receive this
individual as an agent on account of his charac-
ter; yet the present Secretary of the Treasury had
recognized him, and they were to inquire of the
Secretary of the Treasury who employed this per-
jured villain ? Sir, Reuben M. Whitney is noth-
ing, but his connection with the public Treasury
is something. When he saw that patriotic man,,
who had fought the battles of his country, ¿riving
a high trust to a traitor who had sworn allegiance
to the enemy in our day of trial, and who had
•worn falsely since—when he saw the public
treasure appropriated to building up blasted mon-
uments of infamy, he bad to appeal to the people.
He asked the bold adventurer of the stormy sea
—he asked the enterprising and industrious mer-
chant—and he asked the hardy backwoodsman,
if, when this money was taken from their purses,
it was intended to be guarded by a perjured
traitor? He could not stand this when he thought
of his constituents, who built their own Teasels
and ventured thousands of miles with their pro-
duce, and paid their duty into the Treasury, and
then for it to be guarded by such mea as this!
This compelled him to do a deed of daring which
ha knew would bring down the vengeeace of
power oa his head, if he fatted in his effort.
But he asked gentlemen of the party what ben-
efit they expected by smothering this investiga-
tion ? He should think, if everything was pure,
they would be pleased to demonstrate it; and, if
the reverse, most certainly this investigation
ought to be had. He feared the money mania
had seized upon the minds of all. Money spec-
ulations, he feared, had become connected with
political speculations. Would the' honest «nan
be benefited by this ? Would the people be ben-
efited ? No. It would only be for the benefit of
a few of the leaders of the party. The honest
men of the party were oat of power, and the dis-
honest men were in power. What was the max-
im of the party i It showed the power of the
party. It was, "Give us the golden key, and we
will unlock the hearts of the people-, give us the
power and patronage of the Government,and die- !
tation itself may run." The party have the peo-
ple's own money to make this attempt; and it
was said the other day, that the reason why the
surpiuft funds would net be distributed was that
they dare not touch them, for fear of breaking
the banks of deposit.
[Mr. W. here read a letter from Pittsburg, to
show the manner in which the deposit banks were
to be made shaving shops.]
He also alluded to ths Manhattan Banking
Company, who (he said) were prohibited by the
laws of New York from loaning oat more than a
certain «mount over their capital stock. This
bank might have large amounts of the pablie
moneys, which by the law it would not be author-
ized to loan out. If directors, however, were
allowed to take the money and lend it on their
own responsibility, and could by this means make
from two to three per cent, per month, in the
same manner, (he said,) the directors might loas
oat the money to brokers, or put in their hand 
to be loaned out, for the purpose of raising stocks,
and by these operations great speculations might
be earned on with the public moneys.
Mr. W. said the country had arrived at a crisis.
The question was of more importance bow than
it ever had been during the existence of the Gov-
ernment.   Were the people of the country to be
nded by their own money í He would tell the.
candidate far the next presidency, who expected
that office, that he might read a lesson from his
Bible: " And when Simon saw that through the
laying on of hands the Holy Ghost was given,
he offered them money; but Peter said unto him,
Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast
thought that the gift of God may be purchased
with money; thou hast neither part nor lot in this
matter." If the people are as faithful to their
liberties as Peter was to his God, they would re-
mind that candidate as Peter did Simon, " Thou
hast neither part nor lot in this matter."
Mr. PEYTON followed with some remarks in
support of Mr. Wnt'i amendment, in which he
drew a variety of contrasts between the resist-
ance to investigation in this instance, and other
well-known precedents. He entered ateo into a
minute examination of the resolution of Mr.
Dbomeoout, to show that the object desired could
not be obtained by it.
Mr. DROMGOOLE replied at length to the
gentlemen from Virginia and Tennessee, [Messrs.
Win and Pevton.) He expressed his surprint'
at the opposition this resolution had met with,a*
it was a mere ordinary resolution of inquiry, such
as were almost daily presented and agreed to
without a question. The question was this—was
the information called for in it desirable to be
placed in the possession of the House? He
maintained that it was absolutely essential for
the aetion of the House «pon the bill regulating
the public deposit*. Mr. D. then contended that
the information called for was full and ample,
but that if the response turned out to be unsatis-
factory his colleague might then extend the in-
quiry. He denied most unequivocally, in reply
to his colleague, that the effect of this resolution
would be to smother inquiry, or to suppress the
truth; and he repelled the idea that he had con-
sulted the Secretary of the Treasury in drafting
the resolution; but he was unwilling to condemn
him, or any ether officer, unheard or without in-
vestigation. Again, he was not disposed to go
into the private inquiry embraced in the amend-
ment of his. colleague. He could not consent
that a resolution asking for information from the
head of a Department should be supplanted by
the appointment ef an inquisitorial committee;
founded, too, upon the assumption ef guilt on
the part of that officer. It would be prejudging
i the ease, and no good could result from it. But
Mr. D.'s resolution in no way embarrassed the
proposition of his colleague, and the gentleman-
might continue to urge it as a distinct proposi-
tion, either before or after obtaining the required
' information. Mr. D. dwelt at length on the sub-
ject, and concluded by hoping the resolution he
had submitted would be adopted, and that, as
soon as practicable, they would act on the bill
regulating the deposits of the public money in
certain local banks; to do which the informa-
tion called for by this resolution was essentially
necessary.
Mr. CAMBRELENG called for the orders of
the day.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
On motion of Mr. MERCER, it was
Raricei, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to lay before the House a statement of the several amounts
deposited in the various deposit ban Its of the Government
by the several officers thereof, on public account, on the
drst day of the present month, together with the semi-
monthly retama of the deposit banks in relation thereto.
POST  ROUTE.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Rttolcei, That the Committee on me Pest Office and
Pest Bead* be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establisbinf a continuous post route from Baltimore, by
way of Chaaibersburg, to Pittsburg.
PROTEST AGAINST ADMISSION OP MICHIGAN.
Mr. ADAMS, on leave, presented a remon-
strance of sundry citizens of Michigan against
the bill which has passed the Senate for the ad-
mission of that Territory into the Union; which
was referred, and ordered to be ¡printed.
ineffectual attempts were made by Messrs.
ASH, and WILLIAMS of North Carolina, to
submit resolutions in relation to post routes.
GENERA!. APPROPRIATION BltL
Th« Hoase resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriation for the civil and diplo-
matic service for the year 1836.
The following amendment of the Committee of
the Whole was read:
For defraying tlie expenses of a survey of lots in the tow 
of Galena, Illinois, to be made by Uie surveyor general of
Missouri and Illinois, under on act of Congress, approved
5th February, 1839, $1,030.
After some suggestions and explanations by
Messrs. CAMBRELENG, HARDIN, HOW-
ELL, MAY, REYNOLDS of Illinois, and
EVANS, the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that the expense
of surveying the lots in Galena be defrayed out
of the appropriation for surveying the public lands
in Missouri and Illinois.
Mr. SEVIER opposed the amendment, when
it was withdrawn.                          ___
On the suggestion of Mr. RIPLEY, a motion
was made by Mr. P. C. PULLER, to reconsider
the vote rejecting the amendment of the Commit-
tee of the Whole providing for the aforesaid sur-
vey of town lots in Galena.
The motion was debated by Messrs. RIPLEY,
P. C. FULLER, REYNOLDS of Illinois, and
HARDIN; when the vote was reconsidered, ana
the amendment was concurred in.
The following amendment of the Committee
of the Whole was next read:
For a customhouse in Boston, in addition ta a former
appropriation, $300,000.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to amend the item
by restricting the cost of the site and building to
the sums heretofore and now proposed to be ap-
propriated.
The latter amendment was briefly advocated
by Messrs. UNDERWOOD and MERCER, and
opposed by Messrs. LAWRENCE, ADAMS,
and CAMBRELENG; when
Mr. UNDERWOOD modified his amendment
so as to limit the entire cost of the ground and
building, appropriated heretofore, and to be ap-
propriated hereafter, to the sum of $350,000.
After a few additional remarks, Mr. U. asked for
the yeas and nays en his amendment; which
were ordered.
Tbediscuasien wasfurther continued by Messes.
REED, H^RPERlSUTHERLAND, MER-
CER, and EVERETT; when the amendment of
Mr. Underwood was negatived—yeas 82, nays 88.
The questionrecurredem the amendment of the
Committee of the Whom.
Mr. OWENS miked for the yeas and nays;
whien were not ordered;and the amendment was
' concurred in without a count.
I The /©Hewing amendment ef the committee
was also concurred in:
1 For a marble bust of the late Chief Justice Marshall.
• $500.
The next and last amendment of the Committee
of the Whole was read, as follows;
Sec.2. ^«diiit/urtAfrefKzctcrfjThatitshallbethednties
of the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury.of the War and
Navy Departments, and of the Postmaster General, and the
Secretary of the Senate, and Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, to lay before Congress, the flrat week in January,
in each year, a statement showing, in detail, the expendi-
tures of the previous year ef the various «ama which wajr
have been appropriated by Congress for the contingent
expenses of their respective Department , aad the two
Houses of Congress, apéeifyiag tha appropriation, and under
it the expenditures, each article purchased, the price paid,
and to whom the same shall have been paid.
Mr. A. H. 8HEPPERD moved an adjourn-
ment; which wag lost—ayes 77, noes 7§.
Mr. S. moved to amend the amendment iry
inserting after the word " Department ," whet 
it last oecMrs, the words, *' «eluding the contin-
gencies of foreign intercourse, and all mission 
abroad."
This amendment was briefly advocated by Mr.
SHEPPERD, and opposed by Mr. MASON of
Virginia; When
Mr. LOVE moved an adjournment—aye  7fli
noes 80.
The House then {at half past four o'clock)
adjourned.
|                           IN SENATE.
I .            W i>(>DAf, April 20,1836.
I    The CHAIR communicated a report isom the
! Treasury Department, in answer tome «aeration
of the &t te of the 31st ukm , Hupmbig as to
