378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
the expediency, and the probable cost of erecting
a suitable building for the custom-house at New
Orleans, transmitting a letter from the collector
of New Orleans on the subject; which was laid
on the table.                                                  .
Mr. McKEAN presented the memorial of a
number of merchants, traders, and others, of the
city of Philadelphia, praying for the establish-
ment of an express mail for the transportation of
letters from the eastern cities to New Orleans;
which was read, referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of
Colonel Jacob Slough, praying for an increase of
ptnsion; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. EWING, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported the bills from the House
for the relief of John Barkley, John Almon and
George Woolsey, Amelia Leach, James Moore,
and William Moore, severally, without amend-
ments, and recommending that the last two be
rejected.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported the bills from the House for i
the relief of Colonel Gideon Morgan and Israel
Ingalls, severally, without amendments.
Mr. McKEAN, from the Committee on Pen-.
sions, made a report adverse to the petition of
Noah Crane.
Mr. SHEPLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported the bill for the relief of George
Bender, without amendment.
Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of the heirs
of Silence Elliott; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. PvO^BINS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Andrew
Armstrong; which was read, and ordered to a
eecond reading.
BILL PASSED.
The bill authorizing the construction of a rail-
road through the property of the United States
at Springfield, Massachusetts, was read the third
time, and passed.
LAND GRANTS BY GEORGIA.
The resolution confirming the grants made by
Georgia to certain lands in Alabama was read
the second time, and ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
C. T. BAILY AND DUNCAN L. CLINCH.
The bill for the relief of Christopher T. Baily,
and the bill for the relief of Duncan L. Clinch,
were severally read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole, and ordered '
to a third reading.                                                        I
POST ROADS ÍN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Itoads be instructed to inquire into the propriety of es-
tablishing post roids to the county towns in all the coun-
ties of the State of Mississippi where no post roads to said
towns, or any of them, are now established.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The bill to appropriate, for a limited time, the
net proceeds of  the sales of  the  public lands
among the States, and to grant lands to certain
States, was taken up as the special order.
Mr. SOUTHARD resumed his remarks, com-
menced yesterday. He had satisfied himself,
from public documents in the possession of the
Senate, that the Government had a right to the
disposition as proposed of the public lands; in
support of which he referred to the original grants,
by which they were considered as a common fund
for the benefit of the States. This position he
maintained in an argument at some length. Each
State admitted into the Union subsequent to the
grants gave its assent to this right.
He then proposed to show the justice and
equity of the principles of this bill, and that it
was not only the right, but the imperative duty,
of Congress to pass it. This was the only plan
among all that had been proposed, by which an
equal proportion of the fund would be given to the
different States. It would prevent this fund from |
being used for party purposes; and he commented
upon the natural propensity of parties in power
to use it, and the effects of the use of it. It was
a temptation to whatever party might be in power,
from which they ought to be relieved. He went
into a comparison between the expenditures of
the last four years of President Adams's, and the
last four years of President Jackson's adminis-
trations. The average of the former he put at
$12,625,000, and the latter at $19,198,388—making
an average difference in favor of the economy of
the former of $6,567,910. This (said Mr. S.)was
the result of reform. The administration of Mr.
Adams was regarded as prodigal; and he was
considered as the most prodigal member of it in
regard to the defences; rut, prodigal as it was, it
was less so than the present; and if this was the
case in the green leaf, what could they expect
when the plant had reached its full vigor ? In order
to stop this downward course, it was necessary to
pass this bill. This fund was in imminent danger;
and he feared the time had gone by now when
they could save it. The whole amount of capital
in the deposit banks was $43,193,000; debts due
the United States on deposits $38,754,000; and
specie in their vaults f 11,067,000.
He exhibited a general statement of the condi-
tion of the several deposit banks, designating the
amount of notes in circulation in each, and the
means relied on for their redemption. The whole
currency of the country, he said, was under the
control of the President, who, by his ordercould
ruin not only all the deposit, but other banks—
they were all at his entire mercy; which was
more power than any one man ought to have, or
that the Executive should have, even if he were
all that was said of him; and unless there should
be relief, there would soon be such a depression
of commercial credit in this country as was never
known  since the organization of this Govern-
ment.    Some of them (the Opposition) were re-
buked because they were false prophets. He had
prophesied that there would not be a return of
gold currency, as predicted T>y the Senator from
i Missouri, [Mr. Benton.]   It was true that mem-
i bers of Congress could get gold here in Wash-
I ington, but there was none of it to be seen in the
I country.    So far, then, his prophecy was not
false.    The  present  state  of the currency, he
thought would be admitted, was worse than it
was at the time of his prophecy two years ago.
The deposits could not be drawn from the banks
promptly by the Government, without those ruin-
[ ous effects he had mentioned.    But by assigning
I the money to the twenty-four States, according
' to this bill, they could be drawn out gradually to
meet the demands upon them by the respective
States as  the money would be wanted; and it
would be the interest of the States, in that case,
to sustain these banks.    Internal improvements
by roads and canals could then go on prosper-
ously, and education would go on under the
auspices, care, and guardianship of the States,
1 and the money would not be left in the Treasury
to be squandered away by an extravagant Ad-
ministration.
Mr. WRIGHT next took the floor, and ad-
dressed the Senate for about one hour and a half
in opposition to the bill; when, without having
concluded, the Senate adjourned.
------------------------------------
¡           HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jlpril 20, 1836.
The CHAIR, by leave of the House, presented
the following communications:
I     I. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
, mitting a report from the topographical bureau,
in reply to a resolution of the 4th of February,
relative to the progress and present condition of
the improvement of the navigation of the Ten-
j nessee river; which was referred to the Commit-
, tee  on Roads and Canals, and ordered to be
printed,
i     II. A letter from the Secretary of War, inclos-
i ing a report of the Commissioner of Pensions,
in the case of Peter Wells; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
III. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in response to a resolution of the 11th instant,
in relation to ;laims for supplies furnished during
the war of the Revolution; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
IV. A letter from the Secretary of War, in
answer to a resolution of the 11 th instant, trans-
mitting a list of the clerks employed in his De-
partment, their duties, emoluments, &c; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, similar reports from the Second, Fourth,
and Fifth Auditors, and the Treasurer of the
United States; which were disposed of in like
manner.
The SPEAKER presented the remonstrance of
sundry citizens of Michigan against the bound-
ary proposed by the bill before the House for the
admission of that Territory into the Union; which
was laid on the table.
Petitions and memorials were presented, on
leave, by Messrs. McKIM,CHANEY,PEARCE
of Rhode Island, THOMPSON of South Caro-
lina, TALIAFERRO, and LAWLER.
Mr. HARD made an ineffectual effort to take
up his resolution for printing an extra number of
copies of the report and survey of a ship channel
around the Falls of Niagara.
POST ROUTES.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Car-
olina, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post road from New Castle, Trop Hi!!, in
Wilkes county, North Carolina, to Gayron court-house,
Virginia.
On motion of Mr. BEAUMONT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post road from Carbondale, by the way of
Greenville, Abingdon, and Nicholson, to Tunkhannock,
in the State of Pennsylvania.
On motion of Mr. CRAMER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from the City of Albany to the
village of VVaterford, by Watervliet, and Cohoes.
On motion of Mr. CRAMER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Schenectady to Burtonville,
and Esperance, in the county of Schoharie, passing through
the town- of Rotterdam, Pnncctown, and Duanesburg, in
the county of Schenectady.
1                   PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WISE asked, and obtained, leave of the
House to correct a misstatement contained in an
editorial article in the Globe of yesterday (Tues-
day) in relation to the proceedings of the House.
It would be recollected that on Monday last an
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Reed] moved to suspend the rules of the House
in order to allow the presentation of such petitions
as should not be objected to, and such as should
not give rise to any debate. It was stated in the
editorial article in the Globe, that, when the hon-
' orable gentleman from Massachusetts, who made
this motion, offered to present his petitions, he
(Mr. Wise) objected to them. This, so far from
being true, was a total perversion of the facts as
they actually occurred. It was for the reason
that another gentleman objected to the presenta-
tion of the petitions of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, that he (Mr. Wise) objected to all the
petitions offered thereafter. He considered the
resolution itself to exclude such petitions as would
not give rise to debate, and receive such as the
House, in its wisdom and discretion, should see
fit to receive; this was against the freedom and
the right of petition. He appealed to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, and the whole House,
to bear witness that he did not object to the pre-
sentation of the petitions of the gentleman from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Pearce,] but for the reason
that another member had objected to the petitions
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. He should
not have noticed this charge but for the fact that
it was given in evidence against him as being con-
nected with the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Slade,] and that he knew that gentleman's in-
tention to present the memorial on the subject of
restricting the admission of Arkansas into the
Union. He went further, and stated that any and
all intimations, by whomsoever made, that he or
any of his friends, as far as he knew, had had
any understanding, tacit or express, with any
gentleman, either the gentleman from Vermont or
