18S6.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
3T9
any ether gentleman, of die non-skvehotding
States, with a view of introducing those memo- '
rials, were false, basely false. He had no more
idea that the sentleman intended to offer any me-
morials on the subject of the restriction of Ar-
kansas, or any other subject, than the dead. He
protested against the introduction of such memo-
rials, «nil from the beginning he had fought against
the reception even of memorials to abolish slavery
in the District of Columbia. He thought it due
to himself that a contradiction of this statement
should go out to the public; and he requested the
reporters, and the reporters for the Globe espe-
cially, to take down what he said: that this state-
ment was a base, willful misrepresentation of the
proceedings of the House; and a vile attack upon
the motives of individual members, and upon the
honesty of their intentions in their acta of legis-
lation. He made this request of the reporters of
the Globe in order that the baseness and falsehood
of the editorial article in that paper might be re-
corded by itself.
[From the proceedings of the House on Thurs-
day, the 21st, it appears that the Clerk of the
Houe, in making up the Journal, committed the
same mistake that we did. It appears that Mr.
Gkaves made the objection; but, as he was sit- '
ting and Mr. Wise standing up when the objec- •
tion was made, it was supposed by every person
who was not in the immediate neighborhood of
their seats, that it was the latter.]
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
Mr. HAvVES made an ineffectual motion to
take up his resolution for printing the report of
toe select committee of the last session on the
subject of the West Point Academy.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Preaaly
N. O'Bannon; which was read twice, and com-
mitted.          ____
Mr. EVERETT, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Thomas F. Triplett; which was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. CHANEY.from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill to authorize the President i
of the United States to cause to be issed to Oseóla
a patent for a certain reservation of land in the
State of Alabama; which was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting a bounty in lands
to the organized miliüa-men, mounted militia-
men, volunteers, and rangers, who defended the
country during the late war; which was read ,
twice, and committed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com- !
mittce on Commerce, reported a bill making an
appropriation for the erection of a custom-house
and public store-houses in the city of New Or-
leans; which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. HEISTER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill for the sup-
pression of gambling in the District of Columbia;
which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. GILLET, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to abolish the distinction in
porta of entry, and extend the privilege of draw-
backs; which was read twice, and postponed
until this day three weeks.
[This bill places all ports in the United State*
on the footing of the most favored ones, and also
permits goods in original packages to be exported
for the benefit of drawback to all placea, whether
immediately adjoining the United States or not,
and whether carried from port to port by sen or
otherwise. Thia will place the countries to the
north and northeast of the United States, on
the same footing as places lying to the «oath
and southwest of Louisiana. It wilt allow roods
in original packages to be carried from the Atlantic
to the Lakes, and «ice vena, and be exported for
the benefit of drawback of duties. Accompany-
ing the bill is a report of considerable length,
reviewing the present laws on this subject, and
stating the principles upon which the proposed
alterations are based.]
Mr. W. B. SHEPABD, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, reported a bill to
authorize the corporation of Georgetown to close
certain streets in amid city; which waa read twice,
and committed.
Mr. FRY, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
William Pattie; which was read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. HUNTSMAN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported the following bills;
which were read twice, and committed:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Miguel
Eslaver;
A but to adjust the titles to lands in the State
of Louisiana, east of the Mississippi, and the
Island of New Orleans; and
A bill for the relief of Aaron Stout.
Mr. SLADE, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Henry
Stoker; which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of William
Fettyplace and others; which was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill to encourage the em-
ployment of boys in the vessels of the United -
States; which was read twice, and committed.
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions, >
were made by Mr. P. C. FULLER, from the
Committee of Claims; Messrs. PIERCE of New
Hampshire, and THOMAS, from the Committee
on the Judiciary; Messrs. FRY, and LEA of
Tennessee, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions; Mr. HARRISON of Pennsylvania,
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions; and
by Mr. KENNAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, instructed by
the Committee on Military Affairs, moved to set
apart one hour (from twelve to one o'clock) on
Friday next, for the purpose of considering the
bill authorizing the President of the United States
to accept the service of volunteers, and the bill
for the better protection of the western iron- |
tiers.                                                                    ,
After some conversation between Messrs. SE- j
VIER, JOHNSON of Kentucky, HAMER, and
UNDERWOOD, the latter moved to amend the
motion, by inserting "Thursday," instead of
"Friday,'' and thus amended, the motion was
agreed to.                                                             i
On motion of Mr. THOMAS, the House
proceeded to the consideration of the orders of
the day.                                           ,
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
The joint resolution from the Senate, fixing a
day for the adjournment of Congress, was taken
up.
Mr. THOMAS presumed that gentlemen were
not now prepared to vote upon this resolution.
He would, therefore, in order to reach other bills
on the Speaker's table, move to lay the resolution
on the table^
Mr. WHITTLESEY suggested that the proper
course would be to postpone the resolution to
some future day.
Mr. THOMAS replied that the resolution, if
laid on the table, could be called up at any time;
and a proposition to postpone would give rise to
a debate, which would occupy the entire morning
hour.           ___
Mr. WHITTLESEY asked for the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table; which
were ordered, and were—yeas 102, nays 74.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
OHIO—MICHIGAN.
A bill from the Senate to establish the northern
boundary line of the State of Ohio, and to pro- ¡
vide for the admission of Michigan into the Union,
upon the conditions therein expressed, was read
twice.                                                                   |
The question being on the engrossment of the !
bul—                                                                   |¡
Mr. MERCER moved that it be committed 1|
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the ¡ |
Union.                                                                  i
Mr. THOMAS said he would not detain the j
House very long, to urge objections to this motion. | i
Every member is doubtless prepared to vote, in the , ¡
absence of all explanations. The subject-matter ¡
of this bill has been under consideration by the ¡|
members of this House since the present session
commenced. It has not been actually before the
House for that period; but in the reports which
have been made in the Senate and in this House,
and in incidental discussion, nearly every mem-
ber is familiar with all the questions touching tho
admission of Michigan into the Union. Never-
theless, he 'did not desire to prevent further
discussion. The House can, if we refuse to
commit, hear discussion every morning from
twelve until one o'clock. If the bill be commit-
ted, it will be out of the power of a majority of
the House to proceed to its consideration until
all the appropriation bills have finally been dis-
posed or. Now, is it right and proper to put it
in the power of a small minority of the House to
postpone this bill until near the close of the ses-
sion ? We all know that the inhabitants of the
territory over which Ohio and the authorities of
Michigan each claim jurisdiction, are in a most
unenviable condition. They know not to what
laws they are subject; and have been greatly ha-
rassed. The State of Ohio has a right to demand
an early decision of this. The people of Michi-
gan have also strong claims on our attention.
They are entitled, through their Representatives,
to participate in our legislation; ana he did hope
that the House, without further delay, would
proceed to act finally on a bill involving so many
serious and grave questions.
Mr. MERCER advocated his motion on the
ground of its being the proper course which a
Bill x>f such a character required, and the only
place where it could be fully discussed.
Mr. REED contended that the very principles
of the Government demanded that they should
go into the Committee of the Whole on this bill—
a bill affecting the rights and interests of every
State in the Union. He expressed his great sur-
prise at the opposition made to the reference by
the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. R. was will-
ing to receive Michigan into the Union, but he
must have light on the subject; and he ventured
to say, that no preceding Congress had ever acted
on a subject of this magnitude with such pre-
cipitancy as that desired by the gentleman from
Maryland.
Mr. YINTON raised the point of order that
this bill could not be taken up till the other bill
on the same «abject, now on the Speaker's table,
was first disposed of; which bill was also on its
engrossment.
The CHAIR referred to the rules prescribing
the order of business, and decided that the first
business, on the House passing to the orders of
the day, was bills on the Speaker's table on their
first and second reading.
Mr. VINTON replied, that by a fair construc-
tion of that very rule, the first subject in order
would be the other bill, of which no disposition
had been made, and he therefore contended that
that bill should have been first taken up. Mr. V.
consequently appealed from the decision of the
Chair; and after addressing the House for a few
minutes, he gave way to
Mr. THOMAS, to make an explanation; and
pending this question of order-
Mr. CAMBRELENG called for the special
orders of the day.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriation for the civil and diplo-
matic service for the year 1836.
The question was on concurring with the Com-
mittee of the Whole in the following amendment,
(adopted on motion of Mr. Johnson, of Tennes-
see:)
Ssc. 2. Jtni be it farther «naeted. That it iban be toe duties
of the Secretaries of State, of the Treasury, of the War
and Navy Department , and of the Postmaster General,
and the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the House of
Representatives, to lay before Congress, the first week in
January in each year, a statement showing in detail the
expenditures of the previous year; of the various sural
which may have been appropriated by Congress for the con
tingent expense  of their respective Departments, and the
two Houses of Congress, specifying the appropriation, and
under it the expenditures, each article purchased, the price
paid, and to whom the same shall have been paid.
To which Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD moved the
following amendment: by inserting after the word
" Departments," where it last occurs, the words,
'♦including the! contingencies of foreign inter-
course and missions abroad.M
