380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Mr MASON, of Virginia, excepted to the whole
amendment on the around of the great expense
that would heincurif d in printing-the requirement
of it, nor was he assured that any benefit would
result from it
Mi. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, contended that
the expense would certainly not exceed more than
fiom eieht hundied to a thousand dollars, and
advoci'i d his amendment at some length.
Mr. EVERETT was in favor of both amend-
ments, as he hoped to see the principles of the
original proposition applied to all the contingent
expenses ofeieiy Department of the Govern-
ment. At present there was no check upon these
expendimos, but thev were left entirely to the
discretion of the heads of Departments. He
was assured that the contemplated expense would
hereafter sa\ e^is many thousands.
Mr MASON, of Virginia, entered into a cal-
culation to show that the cost would be much
greater thin the estimate of the gentleman from
Tennessee; probably little, if at all, let>s than
$4,000. H ■ thought, also, that it was better to
leave the subject of the contingent expenditures
to the committees of the House charged with
them, and not cashier those committees. If the
amendment should be agreed to, there would be
less safeguards than at present, foi very few of
the two hundied and forty members would take
the trouble to wade through such a voluminous
map of figures and tabular statements.
Mr HARDIN thought the adoption of the
propositi in indispensable to prevent any im-
proper expenditure of the contingent appropria-
tions, for the officers would be wary of the fund
committed to their charge, when they knew every
item of it was to be laid on the tables of the
House, and printed. Those who now wshed to
investigate this subject had no other way to do
it than by going to all the several Departments
and buieaus, a labor that would consume not
less than two months from day to day.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Caiolma, was in
favor of the amendment, for he contended the
effect of it would be, so far from cashiering the
committees, to cause them to do their duty with
more vigilance. It was known from experience
that scarcely any committee, whose duties re-
quired them to go frequently to the D partments,
while they were required at the same time to
ttend the sessions of the House, did or could
perfoim what was required of them as a commit-
tee. Besides, it was more consistent with the
legislative chaia^ter of the House, that theolficeis
of the Departments should send their reports to
the Hous1, instead of the House sending their
committees to tiiem. So far from the proposition
being an abolition of control, it was an extension
of it, and the expense was inconsiderable.
Mi. BOND remarked that the Committees on
the Contingent Expenditures were merely raised
as a ma'tci of foim, and rarely ever did anything.
In fact, thnv sometimes never held a single meet-
ing m the st ssion, and theiefore this proposition
would b< productive of great benefit.
Mr. HARPER also supported the amendment,
for it wou'd present a check to the expenditures
of the Depaitmcnts, where none now existed.
The committees scarcely ever acted on the sub-
ject.
Mr. HA WES considered the amendment neces-
sary He had been for five years chairman of
the Committee on the Expenditures of the Post
Office, and duung the whole of that time he never
knew who the membeis of his committee were.
He would be bound to say that the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Shepperd,] was the
first chairman of a Committee on the Expendi-
tures that had ever even thought of calling them
together. These committees were neverexpected
to act. The amendment, then, was absolutely
indispensable, and would present some check to
the contingent expenditures. Mr. H. adverted
to the extraordinary fact, that, in a return from
the War Department, the expenses of the West
Point Academy were set down as amounting to
little more than $20,000 per annum, while the
House was called upon, from year to year, to
appropriate upwards of $150,000 for that insti-
tution.
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD addressed the House
?or some time in supportof tins modification, and
thought the amendment ought not to be adopted
without it.
Mi. ADAMS was opposed to the modification
to the amendment, for the most injurious íesults
would be the inevitable consequence of publish-
ing th° conti igent expenditures for foicign mtei-
course and missions abroad, a great portion of
which must necessarily be oí a secret natuie. He
was also opposed to it, because it was inconsist-
ent with the provisions of the existing law pre-
scribing the duties of the President of the United
States, and placing that fund at his disposal. He
presumed that law was earned into efFect; and, if
so, the amendment of the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Shepperd] was entirely unneces-
sary.
Mr. BOND again addressed the House for a
short time in support of the amendment.
Mr. WEBSTER said, as this was the last
amendment of the Committee of the Whole, and
as the debate on it seemed to be interminable, he
demanded the previous question.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved a call of the House,
which was ordered; and after proceeding with the
call for a few names, on motion of
Mr. SPANGLER, the further proceedings of
the call were dispensed with—ayes 78, noea not
counted.
The House then refused to second the call for
the previous question—ayes 57, noes 87.
The debate was then further continued by
Messrs. EVERETT, MASON of Virginia,
RENCHER, and McKAY.
Mr. McKAY suggested a modification to his
colleague's amendment, by excepting such ex-
penditures of the contingent expenses for foreign
ínteieours" as were settled on certificate by the
President of the United States; which
Mr. SHEPPERD accepted as a modification;
and the amendment, as modified, was then agreed
to.
Mr. JOHNSON then moved to amend his
amendment by inserting, after the word "Con-
gress." "in lieu of the statement now required by
law," which was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon concurring
with the Committee of the Whole in their pro-
posed amendment as amended; and the debate
was further continued by Messrs. JOHNSON of
Temí- sv e. MERCER, WHIT TLESEY, CAM-
BRCLENG, TOUCEY, and BOON.
The question was then taken"; and the amend-
ment, as amendtd, wras concurred in—yeas 131,
nays 57.
Mr. CAMBRELENG rose (he said) to make
a suggestion to the gentleman who had offered
vatious amendments in Committee of the Whole:
tliat, ¡>s the Committee of Ways and Means had
e'teJ under the practice, he might almost say
  nder the institutions, of the House, by exclud-
ing from this bill, as far as piacticable, every
appropriation not authorized by an existing act
of Congress, he would, therefore, respectfully
suggest to those gentlemen, that there would be
other oppoitumtics piesented, which would be
moie pioper than the present, for oftenng their
amendim nts, particulaily on the light-house and
oth°r bills from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HANNEGAN said, he rose ncithei for
the purpose of offering an amendment, nor of
making a speech; but, believing the interest of
the country in every quaitei demanded the speedy
action of Congress upon this bill, and that the
country was at this time actually suffering under
the present circumstances, he i ose for the puipose
of precluding any further unprofitable debate, and
he therefore demanded the previous question.
The motion for the previous question was then
seconded by the House, taken by tellers—ayes
95, noes 64; and, on ordering the main question
to be put,
Mr. MERCER asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and the result was—yeas
104, nays 74.
So the House determined that the main ques-
tion, which was on the engrossment of the bill,
should be now put, and that question was then
agreed to without a count.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. THOMAS, the bills from
the Senate fixing the northern boundeiy of Ohio,
and for the admission of Michigan into the Union,
and the bill for the admission of Arkansas into
the Union, weie ordered to be punted.
The SPEAKER laid befoie the House two
communications fiom the War Department; the
first transmitting a repoit from the commissary
geneial of subsistence, in relation to the emigrat-
ing Choctaw Indians; and the second a report of
the engineer bureau, respecting the national road
west of the river Ohio; which were appropilately
referred.
On motion of Mr. STORER, the House (at a
quarter past five o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 21, 1836.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which had been referred the pe-
tition of Henry Newman and others, reported a
bill for their relief; which was read, and oidered to
a second reading.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported the bill to remit the duties on
goods imported into the city of New York, and
destroyed by fire, and the bill to repeal the 14th
section of the act incorporating the subscribers
to the Bank of the United States, without amend-
ment.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally read the third
time and passed:
The bill for the relief of Duncan & Clinch, and
John H. Mcintosh;
The bill to confirm grants made by Georgia of
lands in Alabama; and
The bill for the relief of Christopher T. Baily.
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which lies on the table one day:
Resohed, That the Committee on the Po t Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the propriety of es-
tablishing a mail íoute from Portland, by Athens, to Union
Town, Alabama.
BILL REFERRED.
The bill for the relief of Andrew Armstrong
was read the second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
THE   PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
The bill to regulate the deposits of the public
moneys was taken up, and, on motion of Mr.
WRIGHT, postponed to, and made the order of
the day for Tuesday next.
BILLS READ THE  SECOND TIME.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of George Hurlbert, deceased;
The bill for the relief of GustavusB. Howard,
and
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Colonrl William Bond and Colonel William
I Douglass, were severally read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The bill to appi opnate for a limited time the
net proceeds of the sales of the public lands among
the States, and for granting lands to cetain States,
was taken up as a special order.
Mr. WRIGHT resumed, and concluded his
speech begun yesterday in opposition to the bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then rose and addressed
the Senate in support of the bill. He referred to
the resolutions he had laid on the table a few days
ago, passed by the Legislature of Kentucky, in-
structing her Senators to use their exertions m
favor of this measure; and, in addressing the Sen-
ate on this occasion, he acted (he said) in obedi-
ence to the dictates of a sense of duty, as well as
in conformity with his own wishes and opinions.
Mr. C. first endeavored to show, taking into view
the manner in which the United States came into
the possession of the public lands, and the tenure
by which they were held, the perfect competence
of the Government to dispose of them as contem-
plated by the bill. He reviewed the various
arguments of Mr. Wright, and contended, in op-
position to that gentleman, that the net proceeds
of the land sales were not liable to the offsets that
had been charged against them; that the thirty
