1S36.
THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
millions expended for the purchase of Louisiana
and Florida could not justly be eharged against
the land sales, as the sovereignty over that vast
and wealthy Territory was or incalculably more
Talue than the sum paid for it; and that the rev-
enues that bad been derived from the customs at
New Orleans alone were sufficient to demonstrate
the absurdity of such an offset; and further, that
to charge these lands with the cost of our Indian
wars, was equally out of the question, as there
would have been Indians on our frontiers to
create disturbances, whether these territories had
been purchased or not.   He contended that all
the expenses incurred for the purchase, for the
surveys of the lands, and for Indian wars, had
been more than recompensed by the consequences
of these purchases.   Mr. C, after entering into
calculations to show the vast surplus that must
remain in the Treasury after paying the expenses
of the current year, and the necessity there was
of devising some mode of safely disposing of it,
took a view' of the objects to which it had been
proposed to appropriate it, entering very exten-
sively into the subject of the proposed fortifica-
tions on the sea-board.    He was much opposed
to the extensive system of fortifications contem-
plated by the biH of the Senator from Missouri,
believing that they were not necessary for the
defense of the country, and that the inevitable
consequences of having such extensive fortifica-
tions would be the creation of a standing army.
He would much rather rely for the defense of the
country on its increased strength and powerful
resources, together with the courage and patriot-
ism of our citizens.   So powerful Sad our nation
become, such was its wealth and resources, and
such the courage and patriotism of our citizens,
that he was certain that no invading army that
landed on our coasts would ever get back to tell
tfae reception they met with.   He believed that
we might safely permit any invader to land with-
out molestation on our coasts, for he was confi-
dant of our ability to destroy them as soon as
they landed.   Resides, he thought an invading
army would act very unwisely to go out of its ,
way to attack one of these fortifications.  Mr. C., '
in conclusion, spoke of the great advantages that i
would accrue from distributing this fund among
the States, and the danger of its remaining in the
Treasury, encouraging schemes of extravagance
and prodigality.
Mr. BENTON withdrew his amendment on
which the question was pending, as he did not
wish to take the question on it in the absence of
his colleague, who was absent in consequence of
sickness m his family, in order to make way for
other amendments that might be offered.
Mr. WALKER then submitted the following
amendment, to come in as an additional section:
¿ i ht U fwrtker enacted. That from and after the
passage of this act, all tire tend* of tile United States which
baas besa offered at paslie «a  to the highest bidder, and
which have nauwd suuold for fiftnea yean or upwards
alter «aid offer at pubhe «ale, aba  be subject to sale at
private entry at the rate of twenty five casts per acre; those
lands which have been offered hi lite manner under tea and
less than fifteen year*, at the rate of fifty cents; and those
oneced aad remaining unsold Ave years and less than ten
years, at the rate of seventy-five cent  per acra: ProrUtd,
No person under toe previsions of this act shall beautbonxed
or perraUted to enter at the prices specified by this act mar*
than oae hundred and sixty acres, or a quarter section, in
subdivisions not less than a quarter-quarter section,in bis
or her own name, or in the name of aay other person, for
bis or her owa a«, and in ho case unless he or she intends
it for settlement or cultivation, or the use of his or nor im-
provement; and the person applying to make any entry
under this aet shall file his or her affidavit, with such resn-
tauoa  as the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe, that
be or she snakes the entry in his or her own name for hi* or
her own beoem, and not in trust for another: AndpnMed
aim, That no patent shall issue to any person matins said
entry nuil tafee years thereafter; and that any sale! ebn-
naet far sale,lease, or eaatnet for lease, of said lands so
entered under the provisions of this act, which stay be
made prior to the emanation of the patent, shall b« utterly
nun and void, and snail operate as a forfeiture of the title
to the United States.
Mr. CLAY said it was his wish, during the
grogress of the bill, to ask the indulgence of the
enate to hear him on its general merits; but he
had risen now to speak to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Wuim. j
The amendment was a principle of graduation,
by which, after the lapse of a period of years,
the public lands were to be reduced to a very low
price. The immediate effect would be to put these
i tarn's in the State or Ohio down to twenty-five
cents per acre; and m Michigan they would be
reduced to fifty cents.    In Ohio, sales were now
rapidly going on at the minimum price, and if
the system was not disturbed it would, in the
course of the year, produce $9,000,000.    Anx-
ious as he was, after four years' reflection, he
was so far opposed to the introduction of this
graduating principio, that he would rather see the
bill itself defeated than to see it pass into a law
with it incorporated in it; and he would say, if
altered tit all, it would be much better to increase
than diminish the price of the land. They ought
to conduct the business of the United States the
same as individuals conduct their concerns.    In
the State of Ohio there was more land sold than
in any other State in the Union, which (he said)
•  grew out of a dense and increasing population.
This graduation system must be supported on
the ground that the progress of the sales was too
slow, or that they were not settling fast enough.
These lands were bringing in so much now there
was no necessity of a reduction in price.    There
was, in fact, a general impression in both branches
of Congress that they were selling too rapidly,
and investing the proceeds in an unsafe medium.
_There was no want of stimulus to induce the set-
tlement of the new States; and this reduction
was not necessary or required as an incentive to
emigration.
Mr. C. read extracts from a publication exhib-
( iting a statement of the state of population in the
new States, to show their annual increase from
1820 to 1830.  Illinois had increased eighteen and
a half per cent, per annum; Alabama, fourteen;
Indiana, thirteen and a third*; Missouri, eleven;
Mississippi, upwards of eight; Ohio, six; and
Louisiana, four per cent, per annum, whereas
Delaware had increased but a half per cent, per
annum. The average rate of increase of the whole
population of the United States, during that pe-
riod, was about thirty-two per cent., which was
exceeded by Illinois at the average rate of one
hundred and fifty-three per cent., (her average
beinj' one hundred and eighty-five per cent.,) and
by Alabama one hundred per cent.; ana  by
i Louisiana, the lowest, eight per cent.   The av-
| erage of the seventeen old States was twenty-five
I per cent., and the new States sixty percent, more
] than that amount. There was, therefore, no new
| impulse necessary to induce emigration to the
new States.
I He knew the ideas of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Walker] were in favor of the set-
tlers. He (Mr. C.) had had some experience in
this matter of preemption rights of settlers in his
1 own and the adjoining State of Tennessee. The
| inhabitants there, at an early day, had tried the
| graduating system of settling some on one hun-
dred-acre tracts, some on four hundred, and some
on one thousand-acre tracts; and, except in the
case of the late Governor Shelby, he and his col-
league could not BTcollect an instance of the ori-
ginal settler remaining on the land under this sys-
tem; and so careful was the law in regard to them
that they were designated by the term bona Jide
actual settlers. They began the reduction of the
price with eighty cents, and got down eventually
to fire cents per acre. And with regard to its
being a law for the benefit of settlers, the title of
the bill ought to have been changed to a bill for
the benefit of speculators. They were bought
up by persons who would move on to them with
their property and a number of negroes. They
would send out Tom to make a setflement in one
place, Dick to another, Jim to another,and Harry
to another, and bo on; and in registering the
names of the settlers they found it necessary to
put down the surnames of the settlers; and as
Tom and Dick and Jim and Harry had no sur-
names, they put them down Tom Black, Dick
Black, J'm Black, and Harry Black. And when
he (Mr. C.) was in the Legislature of Kentucky,
he said it was an old saying, that murder would
out, and that by reversing these names, as was
done in indexing, they would find these settlers
to be no other than Black Tom, Black Dick-Black
Jim, and Black Harry. [Laughter.] The. rich
from Philadelphia, New York, &c«, would em-
ploy persons to make settlements on thenj, and,
instead of their falling into the hands of the poor
settlers, they fell into the hands of the wealthy.
What was there, then, fortk* security of t«« coun-
try, that the settler took the land a* i lena fidt
settler, except making an affidavit, and affidavits
of that kind should not be encouraged. The man
who regarded the obligation of an oath would re-
fuse to take it; while the less scrupulous would
not hesitate to do it with an improper design.
Mr. C. spoke of the soundness of the present
system of disposing of the public lands. Fortunes
were now daily making under it, and this was
therefore not the time to reduce the price of them.
The Senator from New York had spoken of the
large amount of purchases, and the small propor-
tion of the lands purchased, that were owned by
bona fide settlers; and have wo not reason to be-
lieve (said Mr. C.) that our own money has been
used to make these speculating purchases, and
then returned again to the deposit banks ?    By
this dangerous, ruinous system of graduation,
these speculators would exact more exorbitant
prices from the real bona fide emigrant than he
pays now; and there never was a more inauspi-
cious time toadmittheprincipleofgraduation than
the present.    He  admitted there might be land
not worth twenty-five cents an acre, or even the
taxes.    They would do wrong, then, to tempt a
poor emigrant to settle on this poor land when
there was better.   And why (said he) make it
applicable to all the States, while in some States
there was not an acre that was not arable ?   In
the State of Ohio the sales were more rapid, and
the poor land much greater in proportion than in
the other western States.     The price was low
enough; and every man who wished could buy
a good tract, and purchase from a parental seller,
instead of the speculator. Let us, then, (said Mr.
C.,) not adopt a system that cuts down all your
lands in the state of Ohio at one single blow to
j twenty-five cents an acre.   Let us continue to
,  pursue the course our fathers have pointed out.
¡'     After Mr. Clat concluded,
I!     The bill from the House making appropriations
I' for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
I eminent for the year 1836, was -read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
I     Mr. GRUNDY rose to correct some represent-
ations made yesterday, no doubt by mistake, by
the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Southard,]
in relation to the Union Bank in the State of Ten-
nessee, and exhibited official statements from the
Treasury Department to show the error  into
which that Senator had fallen; and also to show
the' entire solvency and ability of that bank to
meet its engagements,   He explained the manner
in which he supposed Jie had fallen into the error
by showing facts in relation to resources of the
bank which he could not have been aware of.
He feh it his duty, in justice to the bank, to make
this correction.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. •
Th r«dat, JprU 21, K3fl.
The SPEAKER stated that ah error had oc-
curred iri making op the Journal of Tuesday,
which was not noticed or corrected when it was
read yesterday. The Clerk had stated, in the
Journal to which he referred, that when the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Reed] offered
to present a petition under the order adopted upon
that gentleman's motion, its reception was ob-
jected to by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr,
Wise.] It appeared that the objection was made
by another member, fMr, Graves,] and'by the
unanimous consent of the House the Journal
would be so corrected.
No objection being made, the correction was
made accordingly.
REPORTS FBOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CRAIG, from the-Committes o  Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the telidf of
the hears of William B. Bunting, deceased, late a
lieutenant of infantry in the army of the Revo-
lution; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. C, from the same committee, made seve-
ral unfavorable reports upon several petitions.
RESOLUTIONS ISTROStJCEl .      *
Mr. MERGER submitted the following reso-
lution j wMcJ , by c^pftsnti **  Considered and
«.¿opted:
