382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Resoitei, That the Secretary of War be directed to lav
before this IIoj e a sfitement of the vinous purveys made
m.,u, it to in' net or th" 3VH of \pril. 1*24, «peel, ing
f. r i i-iu'rt isp-iotinbk,th.ir respective co t the
Hit. ottln commencement ind nhe-enlrcnh eompletid,
o tin npmtol laili -ur\c\ , and di-titieui-hmg such as
line hid thin cn'ire expense defravtd out ot theamiuil
find jppropiu I In tint-ct, and tin sneru appropm
tiorr--u!> . m-nth mid" for the sime object twin those
sun is \ hieh line been mide at the joint cost ot tin 
Go\ nun nt ind \ irioin ¡?t ue«, corporation , or assoein-
tio is ot lndmdu d
Mr BELL submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, and agieed to:
Re,oleed Tint the Clerk of this House hereafter be re
quired to pnke i weekH statement of the resolutions' and
hills (•senile bills inelu-ue) upon the Speaker's table,
ace ompimod with a reterence to the orders and proceed
uig- o< the House upon each, and the date of such orders
and p.oeeedinj!  , a id that such statement shall be printed
for the u eot the members of the House
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, of North
Carolina, it was
Revoked, Tint the Committee on CI urns be instructed
to inquire into tue expediency of pivingtiie claim ot North
Caro un, lor idv anees made by that State during the lite
wir, tlu 11 uk nee of the said adunes b in  on file in the
offiee oi the Third Auditor ot the Treasury Uep irtinent
On motion of Mr. RIPLEY, it was
Resihed. Thit the Committee on Koajj and Canals be
instructed to inquue into the e\pedtenc\ of nutlionzin;tbe
Secretan- o the Tretsory, by commissioners, (subiect to
his appiobition.) to select sites and prepare reports and
estunites ol hospitils, to be built upon the western rivers
and likes, lor disabled =ick seamen and boatmen on said
waters
Mr. HA WES asked the unanimous consent of
the House to submit the following resolution-
Resohed, Thit the resolution presented on the 7th diy
of Januirj last, authorizing the appointment of a select
committee to inquire into the expeoiency of reporting a bill
for the reorganization of the Militan Academy at West
Point, be made ihe special order of the day on Tuesday
next, between the hour¡> of twelve and one o'clock
Objection being made, Mr. HA WES moved to
«uspend the rules foi the purpose indicated; which
was decided in the negative—yeas 106, nays 67;
two thirds being necessary.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Petitions  and  memorials  were presented by
Messrs    UNDERWOOD,    GRANGER,   and
SUTHERLAND, and appropriately refeired.
SERVICE OF VOLUNTEERS.
Pursuant to order, the House went into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Muiilevberg in the chair,) on the
bill authouzing the President of the United States
to accept the service of volunteers.
Mr McKAY moved to amend the bill by re-
stricting the power proposed to be conferred on
the President to the same limitations provided by
ihe act of 1795—namely, that volunteers should
be received only in the event of invasion, insur-
rection, &e. In a time of profound peace, Mr.
Mcli. thought this limitation necessary and
proper.
Mr JOHNSON, of Kentucky, had no objec-
tion to the proposed amendment. The committee
did not desire to change any principle embraced
in the act of 1795. The only now feature in the
bill was to receive volunteers foi twelve, instead
of three months, as now provided by law.
Mr. BOND inquired whether the bill was
intended to meet any peculiar emergency, or
whether it contemplated a general and peimi-
nent system ?
Mr. JOHNSON sent to the Clerk's table a
lettci from the Secretary of War in favor of the
provisions of the bill; which was read. The
passage of the bill (Mr. J. believed) would be a
saving of expense, and would at the same time
be the best mode of providing for the defense of
the fiontiers in case of Indian hostilities, &c.
He had no objection to any limitation upon the
power conferred upon the President, which the
gentleman might deem proper.
Mr. ASHLEY was in favor of the principles
of the bill. He should, however, propose two
additional sections, authorizing the raising one
more regiment of dragoons. If the bill, as re-
ported, was not acceptable to the House, he
would then move his proposition in lieu of the
same. He was in favor of providing for the
defense of the western fiontier, by an efficient
force, which should be kept constantly in the
w>rvice; and an additional regiment of dragoons,
in his opinion, was pieferable to any other force
for the piotection of that frontier.
Mr EVERETT prefeiled the proposition of
the gentleman fiom Missouri, [Mr. Ashlei ]
He was not, however, aware of any emergency
which should induce them to give to the Presi-
dent the exttiordinary powers contained in the
bill. He should vote for the amendment of the
gentlemen from North Carolina and Missouri,
[Messis. McKvr and Ashley,] but he should
feci himself bound to \oto against the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, urged the necessity and im-
portance of the passage of the bill, with such
modifications as might meet the views of all. The
want of similar preparation had, besides the loss
of life, cost the Government $2,000,000 in the
Black Hawk war.
Mi. MANN, of New York, was in favor of
the bill, under proper limitations. The bill gave
thePresidentextraordmary powers. The amend-
ment of the gentleman fiom North Carolina, he
believed avciy judicious one; and, at a proper
time, he would move to limit the operation of the
act to two yeais; and also to restrict the number
of men to be called out to five or ten thousand
men. _ If thus guarded, he would vote for the bill,
mainly because it would supersede a bill before
the Senate, which proposed a permanent increase
of the Army.
Mr. HARDIN was opposed to the bill, as re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
I principally on account of the extraordinary power
I and pationage which it conferred on the Presi-
dent.
Mr. H was proceeding in his objections to the
provisions of the bill, when the hour of one having
arrived, the committee rose, reported progress,
and asked leave to sit again.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House took up the bill making appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year 1836.
The question being on the final passage of the
bill,
Mr. MERCER rose, and moved to recommit
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with instructions to reduce
the appiopnation for the custom-house at New
York from $300,000 to $100,000, and providing
that the total cost should notexceed $500,000, and
, also to add mother section to the  bill enacting
J that out of the net proceeds of the sales of the
| public lands received in the years 1832, 1833,
I 1834, and 1835, there be appropriated the sum of
I #23,861,972 for the common use and benefit of the
seveial States of the Union, to be apportioned
, among them accoidmg to their respective Federal
I representative numbers, and to be paid in four
equal quaiterly installments, to the treasurer, or
other proper officer of each State respectively;
the first installment to be paid on the 1st of July
next, and the others «n the 1st of October, Jan-
uaiy, and April foil Wing, with a provision that
each of the seven new States should íeceive ten
per cent, in addition to their allotment.
Mr MERCER supported his amendment at
length, and entered into a series of statements and
calculations to show how much of the whole
would be received by the respective States He
was understood to siy that he had made the ap-
portionment by doubling the Federal numbers of
each State for the amount in dollars.
Mr. FRENCH inquiied of the Chair if the
amendment opened the whole merits of the subject
foi discussion 5
The CHAIR replied, that the discussion must
be confined to the proposition before the House.
Mr. CAMBRELENG remarked that he was
as anxious as any gentleman to discuss this whole
subject, but he hoped the appropriation bill would
not be delayed by a debate on a subject which
would occupy weeks, or perhaps months. He
would suggest, however, that when the Army bill
came up, it would presentan opportunity to bring
up the whole subject.
Mr. MERCER inquiied what possible connec-
tion had his ptoposition with appropriations for
I the Army?
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied by referring to I
Í the proposed appropnations for the pubhc°de- I
fenses of the country, which would open the '
whole discussion on the surplus revenue. He
would merely remaik that there was every prob-
ability that in 1838,-'39, and '40, the public rev-
enue would not exceed two thirds of the expenses
of the Government.
Mr. FRENCH addressed the House at some
length, onncipally in refeience to the distribution
of the surplus revenue arising fiom the sale of
the public lands. [His remaiks will be given
hereafter.]
Mr. SPEIGHT said he could not say, as his
friend from Kentucky [Mr. French] had said,
that if this proposition was to come forward in a
proper manner, he would vote for it, for Mr. S.
could not vote for it in any form, much less could
he do so when it was attached to the civil list bill,
which, if passed with such an amendment, as
every gentleman knew, would jeopaidize its pas-
sage. Mr. S. said he looked upon the principle
contained in this proposition as one of the most
obnoxious ever presented to the American Con-
gress; and as it was a subject which had some-
what agitated the public mind in his State, ho
should, when it came up in due form, ask peimis-
sion of the House to give his views on it. For
the present heforebore, because he deemed it im-
proper, and he therefore demanded the previous
question.
Mr. GIDEON LEA moved a call of the House;
which was negatived—ayes 55, noes not counted.
The previous question was then seconded—
ayes 88, noes 64.
The CHAIR remarked that if the House or-
dered the mam question to be put, it would be on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. MERCER. If the Chair so decides, I
appeal fiom the decision. I contend that the
main question will be on the commitment of the
bill.
The CHAIR stated the question. The bill had
been read the third time, and the question was on
its passage. The gentleman from Virginia moved
to recommit the bill with certain instructions.
The previous question was moved and seconded;
and there could be but one main question, and
that would be on the passage of the bill. The
previous question cut off all amendment—all de-
bate. The only motions which could be enter-
tained after the pievious question was ordered,
was to adjourn, orto lay on the table. The rule
and the practice of the House was plain and
explicit on this point.
Mr. MERCER remarked, that the previous
question had been seconded, but not ordered.
The CHAIR. The gentleman can then re-
serve his point until it is ascertained whether the
previous question is sustained.
Mr. MERCER acquiesced in this course.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, asked
for the yeas and nays on the previous question;
which were ordered, and were:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Ash, Ashley, Bean, Boon,
Bouldm, Bovee, Boyd, Buchanan, Bunch, Burns, Cambre-
leng, Carr, Casey, Chaney, Chapman, Cbapm, John F. H.
Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee, Coles, Connor, Cramer,
Cushman, Dickerson, Doubleday, Dromgoole, Fanfield,
Farhn, Fowler, French, Try, William K Fuller, Jame 
Gailand, Gillet, Glascock, Grantland, Haley, Hamer, Han-
negan, Samuel S Harrison, Hawes, Hawkins, Haynes,
Howard, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, Jabez Jackson,
Jarvis, Joseph Johnson, Richard M Johnson,Cave Johnson,
John W Jones, Benjamin Jones, Judson, Kennon, Kilgorc,
Kinnard, Khngeiismith, Lane, Lansing, Lavvler, Gideon
Lee, Joshua Lee, Leonard, Loyall, Lucas, Lyon, Abijan
Mann, Job Mann, Martin, John Y Mason, William Mason,
Moses Mason, May, McKeon, McKim, McLene, Mont-
gomery, Morgan, Owens, Page, Parks, Patterson, Frank
Im Pierce, Dutee J. Pearce, Pettigrew, Phelps, John Rey-
nolds, Ripley, Roane, Seymour, Shields, Slunn, Sickles,
Smith, Speight, Standeler, Sutherland. Thomas, John
Thomson, Toucey, Towns, Tumi!, Vanderpoel, Wagener,
Ward, and Webster—108
N\YS—Messrs Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Bailey, Bell, Bond, John Calhoon, William B Calhoun,
Campbell, George Chambers, Clnlds, Nathaniel H Clai-
b >me, Clark, Corwin, Crane, Darlington, Deberry, Denny,
Evans, Everett, Philo C Fuller, Granger, Grayson,Griffin,
Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, Hailan, Harper, Hazeltine,
Heister, Hoar, Howell, Hunt, Ingersoll, William Jackson,
Janes, Jenifer, Henrv Johnson, Lawrpnce, Lay, Luke Lea,
Lewis, Lincoln, Love, Sampson Mason, Maury, McCarty,
McComas, McKay, McKennan, Mercer, Milligan, Morris,
James A. Peirce, Peyton, Phillips, Potts, Reed. Ueneher,
Robertson, Russell, William B Shepard, Augustine H.
Shepperd, Slade, Sloan, Spangler, Storer,Taliaterro,Waddy
Thompson, Underwood, Vinton, Washington, Whittlesey,
and Lewis Williams—75
So the House determined that the main ques-
tion be now put, which
