384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22.
ancestor to be an officer, and to be entitled both ¡
to land and to commutation.                                 !
The truth probably is, that there are not halt
a dozen officers on "the rolls of the Revolution
who were entitled to commutation, who did not
receive it nearly half i\ century prior to the pre-
sentation of these claims.   If they did not receive
it, the fault was not with the Government. Every
officer living, and the heirs of every officer de-
ceased, kne\v when such officer was entitled to
the pay, and received it according to the terms of
the several resolutions of Congress.    After the
revolutionary claims had  been barred by a law
of limitation, the time was more than once ex-
tended by Congress, until probably not a single
bona fide claim was left.    And now, if, in conse-
quence of casualty or mistake, any case remains,
is there any obligation of the nation to pay any
thing beyond the principal ?    It would seem that
the public generosity never can satisfy those who
have been most liberally dealt with.    The allow-
ance of commutation pay in the cases of Bond
and Douglass first made was a stretch of gene-
rosity far beyond what would be expected in any
case between individuals; and now to come in
for a claim of interest equal to twice or thrice the
amount  first granted  almost exceeds  the  pre-
sumption of the sturdy beggar, who, because you
have given him a dinner, claims the perpetual
right to feed from your table without so much as
an offer of thanks for your generosity.                J
Mr. CLAY said the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hill] had been here five years; and
was it possible that, within that period, one little
clerk was the only corrupt officer he had found in
the Government ? He thought, if he would look
into the Post Office and other Departments, he
would find many more instances of corruption.
That Senator and himself had gone together in
opposition to the mints; and he wished he might
wgnalize himself by one more vote with him on
the distribution of the surplus, instead of leaving
it to be eaten up by the rats, or squandered away
by the industry of the clerks.
Mr. HILL would cheerfully go with the Sen-
ator from Kentucky in voting for the distribution
of the surplus revenue, if he could be convinced
there would be any surplus to be distributed after
the proper appropriations had passed, and he
could do it without violating his conscience in
regard to constitutional difficulties. He was
fearful, however, that the gentleman [Mr. Clay]
did not always vote as patriotically as he preached.
He was willing to go as far as the Senator
from Kentucky, or any other, in ferreting out
corruptions. He had no claims to eloquence,
and therefore would acknowledge his inferior-
ity, as a public speaker, to the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. CLAY said the gentleman [Mr. Hill] had
done himself great injustice when he acknowl- '
edged his inferiority in public speaking; for he
(Mr.  C.) liked his extemporaneous speaking I
better than the speeches he read.   There was
great point, and even eloquence, in it.   The gen-
tleman had pledged himself to go for this measure
of distributing the surplus revenue in case he
could be satisfied there were surplus funds to dis-
tribute, and he could get over his constitutional ;
difficulties.    He (Mr. C.) promised him that he
could, when he took up that subject, show there
were no constitutional difficulties, and that there
were $27,000,000 to distribute.
Mr. HILL said it was evident that the right J
of those persons to commutations was not per- ¡
feet until after the passage of the bill. Their !
failure in 1792 to establish it left them without!
remedy. If they were included under the reso- !
lution, there was no necessity for any law, and ¡
if they established the precedent of alio «ring in- i
terest, they would bring in ail the pensioners |
who were stricken from the list under the law of
1818.                                                                       ;
Mr. CALHOUN, after some remarks against
the bill, said he did not see why the Senate should
be so very particular about these small matters,
when their attention was so little directed to the ,
millions of money in the deposit banks, independa ¡
ent of the seven millions of stock in the Bank
of the United States, and the money arising from
the Chickasaw purchase. He wished the hun-
dredth part of the zeal was directed to these large
items while the country was on the brink of ruin,
that there was to small matters. He hoped the
money of the Government would be taken out
of the hands of these public plunderers, and that
Congress would not adjourn till it made an equi- '
table disposition of it.
Mr. LEIGH said if he had any zeal in this
matter, it was founded on justice; and in a matter
of this kind, although it was small, he would
measure out justice in the same manner he would
in any tribunal or court of justice to the last •
farthing.
Mr. CALHOUN said he had no personal ref-
erence to the.Senator from Virginia.
Mr. LEIGH then went into an argument of
some length in favor of the justice of the
claim.
Mr. BUCHANAN was against establishing a
precedent for the payment of interest. It was but
seldom he concurred in opinion with the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun;] and, as
they coincided now on this bill, it gave him
pleasure to state that concurrence. But, in regard
to our being on the brink of ruin, two years ago '
it was stated we were on the brink of ruin, be-
cause there was no money in the Treasury; and
now, because we have an overflowing Treasury,
we are said to be on the brink of ruin; and when
the distribution of the surplus fund was made,
which he believed would be done before the ses-
sion closed, he expected, in two or three years
more, they should hear we were again on the
brink of ruin, because it had been distributed.
After some further remarks from Messrs.
SHEPLEY, WALKER, WHITE, KING of
Alabama, DAVIS, and PRENTISS,
The question was then taken on the final pas-
sage of the bill; and it was passed—yeas 22, nays
21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Crittenden, Davis, Goldsborough, Hen-
dricks, Hubbaid, Kent, Kuight, Leigh, McKcan, Mangum,
Moore, Naudam, Nicholas. Porter, Preston, Rives, Robbins,
1 Shepley, Southaid. Tomlinson, Webster, and White—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay, Cuthbert, Ewing of Ohio, Grundy, Hill, Kiirg
of Alabama, King of Georgia, Morns, Niles, Prentiss. Rob-
inson, Ruggles, Swift, Tipton, Walker, and Wright—21.
I    PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
11
11 The bill to appropriate for a limited time the
: net proceeds of the sales of the public lands
among the States, and to grant lands to certain
States, came up as the special order, the question
being on Mr. Walker's amendment given in
yesterday's proceedings.
j     Mr. WALKER then addressed the Senate in
favor of the amendment.
J     The question was taken on Mr. Walker's
| amendment; and it was lost—yeas 9, nays 26; as
i follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Benton, Black, King of Alabama, Moore,
j Morris, Nicholas, Robinson, Ruggles and Walker—9.
I NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Crit-
, tenden, Cuthbert, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborougti, Grundy,
I Hendncks, Hill, Hubbard, Kent,Leigh,McKean, Naudam,
I Niles, Porter, Prentiss, Robbing, Shepley, Southard. Swift,
Tomlinson, Wall, and White—36.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following amend-
ment; which was ordered to be printed:
!     To come in after the word " net proceeds"—
which net proceeds shall be ascertained to be the balance
which remains, alter deducting from the gross proceeds all
expenses for the year on account of public lands, to wit:
1.  Appropriations for the General Land Office.
2.  Appropriations for the surveyor general's offices.
3.  Appropriations for surveying public lands.
4.  Appropriations for salaries and commissions to regis-
ters and receiyers.
5.  Appropriations for annuities to Indians on account of
the purchase of lands.
6.  Appropriations for holding treaties for the purchase of
lands.
7.  Appropriation a for amounts paid within the year for
the extinction of Indian titles.
8.  Appropriations for removing Indians from the lands
purchased from them.
9.  Appropriations for the five per centum allowed by com-
pact to the States in which the lands lie.
Mr. ROBINSON also informally offered the fol-
lowing amendment for the consideration of the
Senate; which was laid on the table:
Sec. —. Ani be it farther enacted, That all lands belong-
ing to the United States, which have been, or hereafter may
be, subject to entry at private sale for twenty years and up -
wards, and have not been sold, shall hereafter be sold at
one dollar per acre, and at a reduction in price of ten per
centum every five years, until the price of such lands be
reduced to fifty Tents per acre.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 22, 1836.
Mr. LANE moved to correct the Journal of
yesterday in reference to his vote on the previous
question, upon the general appropriation bill. His
name was recorded in the affirmative, whilst he
had voted in the negative.
The correction was ordered to be made accord-
ingly.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported certain documents from the
War Department, in reference to the construction
of the Cumberland road west of Ohio; which
were ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Petitions and papers connected with claims be-
fore the House were presented, on leave, by
Messrs. BEALE, LOYALL, TALIAFERRO,
REYNOLDS of Illinois, CARTER, MORGAN,
FRY, KINNARD, HAZELTINE.LYON, and
CASEY, and appropriately referred.
[Mr. Reynolds, of Illinois, presented the peti-
tion of sundry citizens of Madison county, Illi-
nois, to the House of Reprentatives, and on his
motion, it was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. This petition states, that a sec-
tion of land, being the sixteenth, was reserved
for the use of schools in a certain township in
said county; and that a preemption of the same
was granted away, and the school section first
reserved was selected by the register and re-
ceiver without the knowledge or consent of the
inhabitants of the township on lands that are
almost valueless and unproductive. On this con-
sideration the petition prays relief.]
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported the following bills;
which were read twice and committed: A bill for
the relief of John Scott; and a bill for the relief
of Travis Fritters.
Mr. HARRISON, of Missouri, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, reported, with an amend-
ment, a bill from the Senate confirming claims
to land in Missouri, and for other purposes; and
the same was committed.
Mr. HARRISON, from the same committee,
reported the following bills, the first of which
was ordered to be engrossed, and the second com-
mitted: A bill for the relief of Robert Murray;
and a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Henry Deuchouquitte.
Mr. JONES, of Virginia, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported, with an amendment,
a bill from the Senate to amend the act for the
better organization of the district courts of the
United States in the State of Alabama; which
was committed.
Mr. HUNTSMAN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of James Mackey; which was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. HOAR, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill in addition to, and in
amendment of, the act providing for certain per-
i sons engaged in the land and naval service of the
I United States in the revolutionary war; which
I was read twice, and committed.
Mr. WASHINGTON, from the Committee for
i the District of Columbia, reported a bill for the
improvement of Pennsylvania avenue, for the
erection of a bridge over Rock Creek, and for the
improvement of the streets around the Capitol
square; which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. COFFEE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the pay-
ment of expenses incurred for supplies furnished
the militia engaged in the service of the United
States in Florida; which was read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. LYON, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Bazle
Brown; which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported the following bills; which
were read twiee, and committed:
A bill for the relief of certain persons who have
been deprived of their rights of preemption under
the act of 19th June, 1834, by locating Indian res-
ervations, or any floating rights granted by Con-
gress; and
