THE CQNGKESSIOML GLOBE.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Sesmos, 24th Congress.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 1836.
Volume 3....No. 25.
A bill to grant the right of way over the public
lands to a company incorporated by the Legisla-
ture of Alabama to construct a railroad from the
Tennessee river to the waters of Mobile bay, and
to grant a certain quantity of public land to that **
com pas v.
Unfavorable  reports were made by Messrs. .
6EALE and HOWELL,from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions; Mi. LOVALL, from the Joint
Committee on the Library ¡and Mr. JANES, from
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill from the Senate for
the relief of Susan Marlow, without amendment.
The question being on its third reading, some
discussion ensued, in which Mr. WILLIAMS
of North Carolina, Mr. SPEIGHT, Mr. HAR-
DIN, Mr. LYON, and Mr. VINTON, took part.
Before the vote was taken, the morning hour ¡
expired.
SERVICE OF VOLUNTEERS.                 '
Pursuant to order, the House went into Com-
ió ¡tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Mpblevberg in the chair,) on the biH au-
thorizing the President of the United States to
accept the service of volunteers.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
McKAY to amend the  bill by restricting the
power proposed to be conferred on the President '
to the same limitations provided by the act of '
17SS—namely, that volunteers should be received
only in the event of invasion, insurrection, &c.    '
Mr. HARDIN said a few words in favor of
the amendment, and indicated his intention of
sffering a further amendment.
Mr. MERCER suggested a modification to the
following purport, providing that the power
vested in the President of the United States by
this act should be exercised only in the cases
•numerated in the eighth section of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, that the numbersof the
volunteers should not exceed five thousand rank
. fund file, and that the act should continue in force
for two years only from the end of the present
session of Congress.
Mr. McKA Y accepted this as a modification of
the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, was in
favor of a restriction of the number to fire thou-
sand men. He understood the gentleman from
Missouri to say that bo more than one thousand ¡
men would be sufficient for the protection of the
Missouri frontier
Mr. ASHLEY explained that he desired an
additional regiment to the ferae already employed
there.
Mr. WILLIAMS resumed, and opposed the
bill, oo the ground that U was superseding the
regular force, that no information bad been laid
before Congress, by which it irat shown .that so
large an extra force was requisite for repelling the
Indians, and that it was* to a certain extent, au-
thorizing the formation of a new standing army.
If he thought a general Indian war was to be Ap-
prehended, he would not only vote for ten thou-
sand mea, but for one hundred thousand if aecev-
sary. At present, however, he saw no occasion
for bo large a number as ten thousand, and he
should rote for the bill only with tip restriction
of five thousand.
Mr. SEVIER was opposed to any restriction,
and gave a brief description of the present posi-
tion of the western and Mexieon frontiers, as
proving the necessity of the immediate passage
of the bill.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, stated that he
considered it a duty to apprize the committee of
the restless, and even hostile disposition of the
Indians on the northwestern frontier. He did
not pretend to know more than other gentlemen
on th is subject, who had the same means of inform-
ation,or to state it better. But that such was the
true state of the Indians generally he had no
doubt.   The Indians had been recently removed
25
in great crowds to the West, where hunting was
net very good in many places^ and the means of
support not so abundant as they desired. They
had left th« region of country where they had
been happy, and in great relative prosperity.
They had, as the f say, been forctd from the bones
•/ tktir fat furs to a region of country not of their
own choice, and not well adapted to their wants.
He presumed this was the main reason why it
was that they were dissatisfied, and rather hos-
tile to the United States. In order to keep them
in check and subordination, it was necessary to
make a demonstration of military force among
them. It is well known to this committee that
they are not wise and intelligent; they know and
care very little about the great force of the United
States, as that force is at such a great distance
from them. Not many of them travel through
the several States; and when the strength of the
Goverr ment is told to them they do not, in all
cases, I elieve it. They, the Indians, therefore,
do not know the situation they are in, and will
act under mistaken views of their situation to
their own ruin and destruction.
Mr. R. said he was raised in the West, on the
frontiers of many of these Indians, and believed
this to be a tnie statement of their situation and
condition. He admired much the merited stand-
ing of the American army, for its r livalry and
noble daring; but such for,:e could not, and would
not, awe the Indians and keep tuem in proper
subjection. A moderate force only could effect
this object. It was idle to see cannon, trailed
in with oxen, in pursuit of an Indian enemy—
they would laugh at it—so would the whites.
He would support the intended amendment
of the gentleman, [Mr. Aislet,] to raise an-
other regiment of dragoons, if the committee
would reflect on the extent of frontier from
Detroit «round the settled part of the United
States to the Gulf of Mexico, a distance of two
or three thousand miles, it was quite out of the
power of one regiment of dragoons, eren if Com-
manded by a Dodge, to keep in subjection the
Indians to that extent, it would require two or
more additional regiments. He hoped it woald
be attended to at the proper time for the safety
of the country and of the Indians. He said those
individuals—and he hoped all were so—who felt
friendly to the Indians, would do the Indians a
serviee to keep among them a proper force to
keep them in proper subjection. The humanity
that is in the breast of each member of this com-
mittee would dictate this course to him, and will
no doubt influence the committee on the subject.
It was not much difference what the provision
was is the biH as to the number of the troops to
be received by the President. The proper num-
ber would always be found in the West to answer
the emergency of the occasion.
Mr. Chairman, you cannot keep back the breve
•on of the West, when there is a necessity for
their military services in' the defense of their
country. There is no paper law on this subject
that will suppress the patriotism that burn* in the
breast of a western man, when his country is in-
vaded by an Indian or other foe. Therefore, he
•oomdered it very little difference about the limits
in the bill. If something were art done on the
subject, we may witness, «a we did ill 1832, the
raassaere of women and children, and tfre war-
whoop extended all along our frontier. To pre-
vent this, and the extermination of the Indians,
this bill and other preventive measure  ought to
be adopted.
Mr. CAMBRELENG remarked that, if the
committee woald reflect for a moment «b the Con-
dition of the western frontier, it struck him that
they would retain the maximum of numbers in
the mil. The condition of the Mexican frontier
had been adverted to, and he did not think that
gentlemen could look at that condition, as devel-
oped from documents and advices received within
the last few dsys, without coming to the conclu-
sion that the Government of the United States
were slumbering at their post. The Mexican
army were at this time approaching our frontier?
And what must be the inevitable consequences if
they did? Why, there Were ten thousana chances .
to one that there would be a general war by the
Indians upon the whole of that frontier, the mo-
ment the Texans wwe driven to our borders, as
he firmly believed they would be. The Mexican
army was well appointed, much more numerous,
and much more effective than they were gener-
ally described; and we must not rely, too con-
fidently rely, upon the valor and bravery of the
Texans, for numbers preponderated too much
against them.
It should also be borne in mind that the Mex-
ican army were veterans in the service, having
been more or lees engaged in actual warfare for
the last twenty years¿ and, moreover, that many
of them were raXuntaiifeers, and hod been accus-
tomed to the highways. He was satisfied that
both the force and prowess of the Mexican army
had been greatly underrated.     With the contest
going on there; we had nothing to do but we
ad much to do with our frontier, and therefore
ought to take efficient measures for its protection.
He was willing to devote the whole of this day
to the consideration of this bill, and he hoped the
maximum of ntimbers would be retained.
Mr. CALHOON, of Kentucky, said hé en-
tirely concurred with the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cambheleno] in the necessity of
strengthening our military fbrce on the western
frontier: for himself, he should vote for tin in-
crease of our force in that quarter, as well on
account of the danger which we had a right to
apprehend of a rupture with the Indiana, as from
the events which are occurringin t eprovince of
Texas. Sir, (said Mr. C.,) if our information
does not deceive us, a most bloody war is waging
on our borders, between the Texans and the
Mexicans—a war which, for cruelty óa the part
of the Mexicans, is without an example in the
history Of savage nations; a Wat in .which the
Mexican general sets nt"defiance oH the rules of
civilised warfare. Shall wenot prepare to see, at
least, that the bloody flag shall halt at our bonier?
Mr. C. said he did «OH desire to embarrass the
Administration in regard to the delicate relations
between this country and Mexico by any hasty
movement of his, nor would he, on the present
occasion, inquire how far it might be the duty
of this Government to compel the Mexicans, in
this contest, to observe the rules of civilized war-
fare. He wished to,say to the Administration
that, in such an effort, tiiey shuuid have his cor-
dial support.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, did not understand
that this bill, in any way, proposed to enlarge
the power of the President of the United States,
but merely authorized him to'relieve the States,
> by accepting, in lieu of the force to be furnished
by them, the services of volunteers. ^ It was
acknowledged that the service to be required was
one of a nature far beyond the efficiency of the
ordinary militia; and os this ground, therefore,
be should vote for tlie bill. There was no doubt
that the relatione of the Government of the United
States, and f lie interestsof the people of the United
States, liad assumed, in that quarter of our conn-
try, an important aspeet; but he should not give
hi* support Mr this hill from ah y apprehension
that the territory of the United States was to be
invaded, nor from any apprehension that the
ruthless and cruel tyrant of Mexico was to unfold
the bloody flag in our atmosphere. He had no
such apprehensions. It was, however, undoubt-
edly the «uty of the Government of the United
States to look to th<Mecurity of its citizens in that
quarter, and to that of the settlers near the Indians
who had gone west of the Mississippi. They
hail a right tu look to the Government for pro-
tection—to call upon it to use the strong arm of
power, when necessary, to protect them from the
Wanton aÉgressHM  of «vagét, Jfh\ «*j**«eace
had taught us, ctruH iwrtnef b* civilized, nor
