388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
a p . t route tro... Peru, mi G d Hope Prime, to Linn,...
tlu -tit   <>   Indnm
REPRESENTATIVES OF G    B.HORNER.
The I ill for the u l.tf of the ksrtl ripu sentativ i s
of (ju«tiMis B  Hornci, was read the thud tunc,
ami p i¡>s d                                               .      _
The resolution submitted  yesterday by Mr
King, of Alabama, was considered and agreed to
GOLD AND SILVER FOR PUBLIC LANDS.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Benton, was taken up for consideration:
Rtsolrtd, That from and after the-----day of-------, m
the \ car 18J6, nothing but gold and silver ought to be re-
ceived in pawm-unor public lands, and that the Committee
or. Publu L.ind- b" m-t'ueted to report a bill accordinirlv
Mr. BENTON addressed the Senate in favor
of tin resolution lie was opposed to a national
currency of paper, and iniavoi of disconnecting
the Federal Treasui y fiom paper money as expe-
ihtioual) as it could be done without.injury to the
puohc. At present he limited himself to one
branch of the revenue, the public lands, and for
strong and peculiar itasons wished to begin with
haid money payments in that branch. The state
of the paper system, the impossibility of regulat-
ing it in its application to lands, and the mis-
chiefs which were now resulting to the Federal
Treasury, to the cuirency of the new States,and
to the settleis and cultivators who wished to pur-
chase lands for use, impeuously required a íem-
edv; and a cessation to receive paper money for
land was an obvious and certain lemedy for apart
of these evils.
The state of the paper system was now hideous
and appalling, and those who did not mean to
suffei by its catastrophe should fly fiom its em-
braces. According toa repoit made in the House I
of Representatives by the select committee, of
which Mr. Gillet, of New Yoik, was the
chairman, the present number of chartered banks
and their branches in the United States could not
be less than seven hundred and fifty, their char-
tered capitals notless than three hundredmillions,
and their chartered right to issue paper money
extended to $750,000,1)00' Mr. B. repeated this
statement, and dwelling from the last sum, (the
$750,000,000 of paper money,) he said it was
enough to make the spmts of the dead start from
their graves '—the spirits, he mearjt, of those dead
patilots, who, having seen the evils of paper
money, and being determined to free their coun-
tiy from such evils in all future time, took care,
by a constitutional enactment, to make gold and
silver the only currency of the Constitution, and
the only tender in payment of debts.
Having stated the number of the banks, their
vast nominal capital, their unlimited real power
to cover the country with paper, the great amount |
of their paper issues, five of them alone having
increased their circulation fifteen millions in about
a year, and reminding the Senate that the busi-
ness of chartering banks was in full progress in
many of the States, Mr. B. looked to the state
of the connection between this wilderness of banks
and the Federal Treasury. This connection (he
said) depended, in point of law, upon the joint
resolution of 1816, which, in addition to specie
and the notes of the bank of the United SiAtes,
gave authority, by implication, to leceive the
notes of all specie-paying banks in payment of
public dues. This was the law, the practice un-
der it he would state presently, and would show
that no practice under it, with the multitudes of
banks now existing, could be safe for the country,
or free fiom the dangei of irretrievably entang-
ling the Federal Government with the ups and
downs of the whole paper system, and all the
fluctuations, convulsions, and disasters to which
it was subject. But, before he did this, he would
say that the joint resolution of 1816 was a wise
and laudable act at the time it was passed, and
made a great step at that time towards the im-
provement of the currency. The currency of the
country, especially of the whole South and West,
was at that time paper, and not only paper, but
inconvenible paper; the banks which issued it
not piying specie, and the holder being obliged
to sell ins notes at ten, fifteen, or twenty percent,
discount if he wished to get hard money for
them. The whole community was submitting to
the imposition of using this paper, and the Fed-
eral Treasury with the rest. The joint resolution
of 1810 w is passi d, and fixed a limited timo, less
than a year, within vvhic'i no notes but those of
specie-paying  banks*  should   be  nctivable for
public dues.    The effi ct was immediate and ma-
gical, and showed  how completely the Federal
Government had  the paper cuirency under its
power, and could control it if it would only use
that power.    Before the day limited there was a
general resumption of specie payments, which,
with some exceptions, has continued ever since.
The joint resolution of 1816 was then wise and
laudable when passed; but the advance which the
paper system has since made, and is still making,
entirely changes  the effect of that resolution.
There are no longer any non-specie paying banks
whose notes will be received eithei  by the Fed-
eral Treasury or by individual , and there are
seven hundred and fifty specie-paying banks, with
a constant increase of their number, whose notes
may be received by the Federal Treasury.    In
point of law, all these banks are equil;  tl ey all
have an equal light to be received in Federal pay-
ments, but m point of fact they are not all ad-
mitted, and here the practical difficulties begin to
piescnt themselves.   To receive the paper of all
these banks would be to fill the Treasuiy, in a
very short time, with some tens of millions of
unavailable funds; to discriminate between them,
to receive some and reject otheis. would be to
exercise a power which might lead to favoritism,
undue influence, partiality, and   injustice,   and
might invest some man, or some body of men,
with adangerous power ovei thepaper cuirency.
The first question would be, who shall mdde the
discrimination V   And thepiactical answer would
probably be, that the deposit banks, for the time
being, from 1816 to the present time, have been
the piactical arbiters of the receivabihty of State
bank paper.    These banks, it is presumed, have
been required to receive no paper but that which
| they could credit as specie to the United States;
| and while this gave them an option which seems
I naturally to belong to the obligation of paying all
the Government demands in specie, yet it had the
effect of devolving the po wer of regulating the
paper currency upon banking institutions, for-
meily the Bank of the United States,and at pres-
ent upon three dozen banks which" are the depos-
itories of the public moneys.    Mr. B. objected to
devolving this power upon banks. It was a most
respo^ible and dangerous power, liable to abuse
and to great mischief from indiscretion as well as
design.    In the first place there could be no sys-
tem; for each of the thirty-six banks would decide
for itself what should be received, and what should
have the high character of land office or custom-
house money.    In the next place, there could be
no permanency in the receivabihty of any par-
ticular paper.   The deposit bank could make and
break its arrangements at pleasure; and what was
land office money or custom-house money on one
day, might cease to be so on the next, and the
public not be able to see any reason for the change,
and which change might subject individuals to
great loss and imposition.   In the third place, the
best banks of the country might be capriciously
excluded, while insignificant ones might be in-
vested with all the advantages of supplying a
Federal currency; and in the present multitude of
thirty-six banks, to decide each for itself on the
paper of seven hundred and fifty banks, perhaps
many of them as good as the deposit banks, it
was impossible to get along without complaints
and dissatisfaction, and much possible injustice
to banks as well as injury to individuals.
The next tubunal to decida, Mr. B. would as-
sume to be the Secretary of the Treasury himself,
but this would only be an arbiter m name; the
Secretary would have to decide according to the
representations of members of Congress, and
these members would have to act upon the ím-
Cortunity and representation of the petitioning
anks, so that there would be no real arbiter, and
no real responsibility; and, besides, he (Mr. B.)
was not willing to invest any officer whatever
with the power of regulating the paper currency,
and giving to what notes he pleased a circulation
coextensive .vitli the Union, by ordering them to
be received in payment for public dues. The thud
tribunal was the Congress itself; and this would
be found to be no tubunal at all, as every mem-
ber would take care to have the banks in his own
district admitted to all the advantage s w Inch weie
granted to any othei, and thus the whole would
be admitted without discrnmnuioii.
Mr. B saw insupeiable dificultas in the de-
tail as well as in the pnnciple ot tins question
The Federal Government can cieatc a n uional
paper currency by giving receivabihty to bank
paper; it can deluge any new State with bank
paper from any other State by making it íeceiv-
able for public lands. It can give a papei currency
to a State in spite of itself; in Missouu, for ex-
ample, where the Legislature has refused to char-
ter a bank from a just and laudable antipathy to
a paper currency, and whcie the Ftdeial Gov-
ernment receives paper money for its lands, and
thus gives cuirency to that pnpei, thus counter-
acting the policy of the State, and intioducing
strange and foreign notes into cnculation to the
diminution of gold and silver.
Taking the fact as it now existed, Mi. B  said
it was clear that the deposit banks, each for it-
self, was the regulator of the paper currency*, and
the arbiter of what might, and might not, be re-
ceived in payment of public dues.    And what
was the result' Why, that the whole papei sys-
tem had run wild.    Bank charters were granted
for millions, paper issues to exceed all bounds,
i loans to any amount to anybody to speculate —
t in reality, to gamble in stocks, public lands,
and whatnot, until the public Tieasui y is filled
to distension  with bank paper.   The effect of
all this uncontrolled state of the paper system
i has been most signally manifested in the public
I lands, where the sales have incteased from Jour
millions per annum to five millions per quaxter!
causing the Treasury to be filled wun papei, the
Congress to be harassed with projects for getting
rid of surpluses, while the new States have been
I overrun with speculators bidding up the lands
against cultivators and settlers, and introducing
myriads of strange notes into places wheie they
were wholly unknown.
Mr. B. said he was able to inform the Senate
how it happened that the sales of the public lands
had deceived all calculations, and run up from
four millions a year to five millions a quarter,
it was this: speculators went to banks, boirowed
flve,'ten, twenty, fifty thousand dollars in papei,
ín'small notes, usually under twenty dolíais, and
engaged to carry off these notes to a gieat dis-
tance, sometimes five hundred or a thousand
miles, and there lay them out for public lands.
Being land office money, they would circulate in
the country, many of these small notes would
never return at all, and their loss would be a clear *
I gain to the bank; others would not return ibi a
i long time; and the bank would draw interest on
' them for years before they had to ledeem them.
Thus speculators, loaded with paper, would out-
i bid settlers and cultivators who had no undue
I accommodation from banks, and who had noth-
ing but specie to give for lands, or the notes
which were' its real equivalent. Mr. B. said
that, living in a new State, it came within his
knowledge to know that such a commodations
as he had mentioned were the main cause of the
excessive sales which had taken place in the
public lands, and that the effect was qually mj i-
nous to every interest concerned except the banks
and the speculators. It was mjui lous to the Ti cas-
ury, which was filled up with paper; to the new
States, which were flooded with papor; and to
settlers and cultivators, who were outbid by spec-
ulators loaded with this borrowed paper. A re-
turn to specie payments for land is the remedy
for all these evils,
i It would put an end to every complaint now
i connected with the subject, and have a benofic al
effect upon eveiy public and private infen «t.
Upon the Federal Government its effect would be
to check the unnatural sale of the public lands, to
speculators for paper; it would throw the specu-
lators out of market; limit the sale to settleis and
cultivators; stop the swelling increase of papr r
surpluses in the Treasury; put an end to all pio-
jects for disposing of surpluses, and relieve all
anxiety for the fate of the public moneys m the
deposit banks. I pon the new Sta'es vv heie the
public lands are situated, its effect would be mo&t
auspicious. It would stop tne flood of panei
with wlnc'i they are inundated, and bring in a
