390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
great confidence that a fjw selected banks would
opiate si .>s to give a safe currency, a great deal
betn i and nnie p actically beneficial than that of
the fiutcd States Bank. Well, here were the
icsults, or rather, to use theexpresston of a great
statesman;" they began to see the commencement
of the end of the experiment."
Mr. W. here took a view of the present state '
of the exchanges between the different sections of '
country, contrasting that produced by the oper- I
ations of the Bank of the United States with that
under the operations of the State banks, greatly
to the disadvantage of the latter. Looking, then,
to the state of the currency, the insecurity of the
public money, and the rate of exchange, which,
to be cheap,"ought to be under some reasonable
oontiol, he asked any inte'ligent man to say what
had been the result of these experiments' If there
were any doubt, let gentlemen look to the dis-
closures made by the circular of one of the deposit
banks of Ohio, n.ad in the Senate the other day.
It would not take the notes of the specie-paying
banks of Ohio from the land office, or tells the
land office thai it would not take them. Here
were thirty or forty specie-paying banks in Ohio,
all good; and out. of these thirty or forty, three
were selected whose notes would betaken. If
gentlemen coming from the West and Southwest
uere satisfied with this state of things more pecu-
liarly affecting them, he had nothing to say.
As he had said in the beginning, he knew of
nothing he could do with reg ird to the resolution
before them, but to sit still and see how far
things were to be carried. Here was this vast
fund in the Treasury under no control whatever;
and they weie m the last nio°th of the session,
as contemp'ated by a resolution of the Senate,
without having adopted any measure to put it
under control. Two great questions had been
proposed: one was to diminisn tins fund, and the
other to provide for its greater security. Now,
he wished to understand, and for the country to
undeistand, whether anything was to be done
with regard to these propositions or not. One
thing he would say, and that was, that in his
opinion there was no way of safely keeping the
national tieasure but in a national bank; but as
there were doubts whether such a bank was con-
stitutional, a much more enlarged use should be
made of this treasure; and in its distribution no
preference should be given, as was the case in
Ohio, to three banks, passing over all the other
solvent and specie-paying banks in the State.
Some mode of distributing this fund was indis-
pensably necessary, and for this object the land
bill fiist claimed his approbation; but if that
measure could not be adopted, he should go for
any other just and reasonable measure that should
be brought forward. It was very probable that
there would be some little check in the land sales
of the coming year He believed that the pur-
chases of the last year had gone far beyond the
emigration, and that they were made with a spirit
of speculation to get up the price of the lands.
He believed that the spirit of speculation had been
turned in that quarter; and that, havin? got a
taste of the profits to be made there, evcrythin 
that tended to facilitate the transfer of the public
domain from the present proprietors would but
increase that spirit.
For one, he should not oppose this proposition;
and if ho had been m his seat at the time he
would not have opposed the amendment that was
made to the pension bill. Let the experiment go
on, (said Air. W.,)and let us see its results. He
should do nothing except to vote against all
projects and visionary schemes, until the public
should be convinced by better experience that a
sound currency was only to be obtained by having
a national institution properly organized to con-
trol it; for one experienced truth was worth a
thousand reckless schemes and experiments.
Mr. NILES said there were two subjects which
were drawn into almost every debate, whatever
the particular question may be before the Senate.
The distribution of the proceeds of the public
lands and the surplus revenue were topics which
certain Senators, on almost all occasions, brought
under consideration.
On a question recently before us, no way con-
nected with that subject, the Senator from Ken-'
tueky [Mr. Clay] favored the Senate with a
speech in support of his land bill; and the reso-
I-ition offered by the gentleman fiom Missouri
[Mi. Bevtov] has furnished an occasion for the
speech we have just heud from the Senator fiom
Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,] in relation to the
surplus revenue, the state of the finances, the de-
posit banks, the Bank of the United States, and
other matters.
We have been told by the honorable Senator
that the present evils, which he represents to be
very alarming, have all arisen from putting down
the Bunk of the United States, and changing the
deposit of the public revenue fiom that bank to
certain State banks; but ho has not informed us
how these evils have arisen from a cause which
has no necessary tendency to produce such re-
sults. We have the naked, unsustained assertions
of the gentleman, in strong and emphatic lan-
guage, but we have no reasons or explanations.
He says he foresaw these alar.mng conse-
quences at the time, when he raised his warning
voice against the experiments about to be intro-
duced in regard to the currency and the finances.
He not only claims credit for his sagacity and
wisdom, but for thegift of prophecy. Whatever
claims the Senator may have for judgment and
sagacity, I think his pretensions to be a prophet
will hardly be admitted. What (said Mr. N.)
were the Senator's picdictions two years ago'
Did he not then repeatedly, and with all that
power of expression and emphatic manner which
belong to him, declare that the money pressure
and distress which then prevailed must continue,
and would continue, until the public deposits
were restored, and the Bank of the United States
was rechartered ' This was then asserted to be
the only remedy for the existing evils, both in
regard to private credit, the general interests of
the country, and the condition of the national
finances. It was then emphatically said that the
interruption of the connection between the Treas-
ury and the Bank of the United States, the re-
fusal to employ that institution as the fiscal agent
of the Government, would derange the currency,
impair public and private credit, and impoverish
the Treasury; that the revenue would rapidly fall
off, and that the finances of the country could not
be managed without the aid of the United States
Bank as a fiscal agent. These were the predic-
tions of the Senator, proclaimed with great con-
fidence; and how have they been fulfilled '
Why, we arc now told that our affairs are in a
very alarming situation, and that the country is
threatened with the most serious calamities; not
from an exhausted Treasury, as was then said,
but from an overflowing one—from an excess in
the revenue unpiecedented and alarming. From
whence has this surplus in the Treasury pro-
ceeded' Is it not the result of the activity of
business and the unexampled prosperity of the
country ' There has no doubt been an improper
expansion given to the credit system; and, as a
consequence of that, a spirit of overtrading and
speculation has prevailed, which has contributed,
in part, to the unprecedented increase of re venue.
But what measures of this Government have pro-
duced th-^se results ' We are told it is all owing
to the sckemes and experiments of those who have
directed public affairs. What schemes and ex-
periments does the gentleman allude to ' I know
of none; I believe there have been none; the
schemes and experiments have been on the
other side. The Administration has proposed no
new schemes, has tried no experiments, but has
rather sought to get rid of the schemes of others,
who, by the questionable exercise of the powers
of this Government, had created agents to manage
its fiscal concerns. The Administration has
sought to return to the natural and ordinary
course of things, and to disconnect the Treasury
with a powerful and dangerous moneyed corpo-
ration. They have preferred to employ such
agents, so far as any are necessary, in the man-
agement of the finances, whether natural or arti-
ficial, as the country afforded, without creating
them by the exercise of doubtful powers.
The present state of things is said to be unex-
ampled—that in the midst of apparent prosperity,
when property of all descriptions is in demand,
and prices at the highest point, there is an unpre*
cedented pressure for money, and much distress
in the commercial community.   This is not a
state of things so extraordmaiy as the Sinator
seem1* to suppose; the history of our country
affoids many examples of this kind. It is only
necessary to go back to 1818, when it will ue
found that the condition of affairs was remark-
ably similar. Then, property was in demand,
and prices were high; yet the pressure for money
was great, and the embarrassment and distress
of the whole trading community were severe and
almost unexampled. This pressure and distress
continued for three years, and the evil could only
be corrected by that severe but necessary remedy,
the long and distressing reaction which followed
over-trading, over-banking, and ruinous specula-
tion. Such were the causes which produced the
distress at that time, and it is similar causes
which have produced similar results at this time.
And among the causes which occasioned the ruin-
ous speculations, and gave such a dangerous
expansion to credit and the undue extension of
all kinds of business, was the conduct of the
Bank of the United States. That institution,
which, we are now told, as the country has so
often been heretofore, was a regulator of the cur-
rency, exerted the most pernicious agency in
inflating the whole credit system. I have (said
I Mr. N.) some facts in relation to this subject
I before me, which I had collected for a different
I purpose, to which I will beg to call the attention
of the Senate. The bank in its infancy, when
I but a small portion of its capital had been paid
I in, engendered a spirit of speculation which
it infused into the whole trading community.
From July, 1817, to February, 1818, a period of
about eight months, the bank increased its loans
from «4,000,000 to $42,000,000; an increase of
#38,000,000 m eight months, and at a peuod
when the currency and banking capital of the
country were not one half what they are at this
time. This was equal to a sudden expansion of
credit, at the present period, of  70,000,000 or
$80,000,000- This was necessarily followed by
a corresponding enlargement of discounts by the
1 State banks. The consequence was, that money
became plenty, and property appreciated in value.
[ But this state of things could notcontinue; a reac-
tion speedily followed, and the bank became an
efficient agent in producing the reaction, as it had
been in causing the expansion. To save itself,
it was obliged to commence a rapid system of
curtailment, and in July, 1818, ordered the reduc-
tion of $5,000,000 of the line of its discounts; in
October, ¿2,000,000 more; and by December its
loans to individuals had been reduced §12,000,000.
i But with these rapid reductions, the bank was
1 scarcely able to save itself from destruction, and
came very near bemgforced to suspend payment.
This sudden expansion and contraction of the
curren y and of credit brought on the country
a state of embarrassment and distress seldom
equaled, and which continued for three years;
thousands were ruined, and the whole community
suffered severely. This was when the bank was
in its infancy, before it had assumed a political
character, and when a spirit of gain and specula-
tion alone controlled its action. Such were the
early and bitter fruits of this corporation, which,
we are repeatedly told, is necessary to regulate
the currency, and give stability to public and pri-
vate credit. Similar fluctuations have marked its
course at subsequent periods.
Sir,(said Mr. N.,) the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] informs us, that
in every instance the exercise of the veto has
operated to swell the accumulating power of the
Executive. He says the veto on the bill for re-
chartenng the bank gave the President the entire
control over the public revenue, and that his veto
of the land bill tended to the same result, as it
prevented the distribution of the revenue, which
has occasioned the present surplus, which the Ex-
ecutive now uses and controls. A declaration like
this, (said Mr. N.,) coming from such a source,
from the Senator who has assumed a sort of
guardianship over the Constitution, he heard with
astonishment. How does the refusal of the Pres-
ident to approve of an act of Congress operate to
augment his own power, and especially when the
refusal is on the ground that the act is not within
the constitutional competency of this Govern-
ment? He should like to hear the honorable
Senator, who is regarded by many as the great
