392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
pool-.!" for certain purposes, as much as t íe mem-
oei   0fCon<nessuueior other purposes.            i
ttie S< nator siys that the Executive, as Pres-
,d n-of the United States,exercises those powers
conftned on him by the Constitution, and, as the
renusentuive of the people, he exercises such
poiveis as he sees fit, on his assumed powers.
This observation was entirely gratuitous, and not
authorized bv anything he (Mr. N.) had said. In
sntakin of the President as the representative
of the people, he did not use the term in refer-
ence to his powers, but solely in reference to his
u-ponsibility—to his relation to the people, as a
popular offieer. Whether he was regarded right-
full v and piopcrly as the representative of the
people 01 not, would neither enlarge nor diminish
Ins powers, for if he was conect, as he (Mr. N.)
bcl tied it tq be, to regard the President as the
íopicscntatné'of the people, he was their repre-
sentitive, under the Constitution, clothed with '
tiie authority which that conferred upon him; it I
uas for that purpose that the people elected him,
and in that sense he was their representative.
Mr. WEBSTER remarked that it was the best
con s , when a gentleman replied to another, to
uso h s very woids as far as his recollection per-
mitted him lie had noticed on other occasions
t'iat the Senator from Connecticut gave his own
In  utge as that of the gentleman he was reply-
ing to, put his ow i construction on it, and then
lcplu d to this man of straw He hoped that the
gen'kman would, when he quoted him in future,
use h.s exact language, and not put into his mouth
votéis that he did not use. The gentleman in |
sieaUm? of the 1 resident used the term repre- I
¡>< it Hive of the people precisely in the meaning
of the term as applied to a member of the House
of Representatives. Now, it was impossible to
bel eve in anv idea of power pertaining to the
Pies'dent in tins character. But he would re-
mind the Senator that the President himself in
i lore than one communication had claimed this
chaiacter and power. It would be found m the
piotest that he is the only single representative
of the people. Sir, (said Mr. W.,) this is the
\ei y essence of consolidation, and in the worst
of hands. Do we not all know (said he) that the
pcopl haieiiot one representative' Do we not
know that the States aie divided into congres-
sional dis nets, each of which elects a represent-
a i i, and that the States themselves are repre-
fMiud by two members on this floor' Do we
not a I k iow that it was carefully avoided by the
fiinicrs of the Constitution to give him any such
pon 11 at all' He admitted that the President,
m icierence to his popularity merely, was called,
with great piopnety, the representative o/ the
people, but in other respects he was no more so
than was the president of the old Congress.
There was another talse doctrine that was worth
no icing, and that was, that everything that had
been doae by the President had been approved
of by the people, because they reelected him.
Mr EWING, of Ohio, said it had been the
habit of some gentlemen to say that they who
were in the majority two or three yeais ago pre-
du ted that there would be a deficiency in the
pabltc revenue. Although he was then on the
Committee on Finance, he could not recollect any
such prediction, nor could he find it in any of the
speeches delivered at that time. He would not
sav there was no such expression, but if there
was he did not recollect it. They did say that,
as a consequence of the removal of the deposits,
there would be a great pressure—a depression in
commerce—an increase of the number of banks—
uti emulation and strife among those banks in
getting their paper into circulation—an unsound
ourrency—a rise in the price of property—a crush
among the banks, ana the ruin of thousands.
All these things had come to pass, except the
latter, which was so near being fulfilled that they
were told they must not whisper a want of con-
fidence in these banks—that they must not wake
up the sleeper for fear he might fall over into the
precipice below* On one third of a page he found
these predictions, a* they had been verified; and,
if it was m the power of two or three of these
deposit banks in one State to say what shall be
received in paymentandwhatshalinot,he thought
the crisis was near at hand in which the last pre-
diction would be fulfilled.   He would not go fully
into this subject until he had received an answer I
fiom the Treasury Department to the resolution
of inquiry he had submitted a lew days since
If theie was no other iimedy that could be had,
he w ould go for the resolution offered by the Sen-
atoi from Missouri, [Mr. Bem-on.] Harsh as it
was, he would go lor it. He would, however,
prefei it to be laid on the table until the answer
was given to the íesolution he had offered the
other day.
Mr. CALHOUN observed that he should be
very much governed in the vote he should give
on this occasion by the opinions of gentlemen
coming fiom the new States where the public
lands were. He saw a great many advantages
that would result from the measure, and particu-
larly in the check it would give to that spirit of
speculation by which the bank rags were given
in exchange for the valuable public domain. If
the gentlemen coming from the West were of
opinion that the measure would not affect the set-
tlement and prosperity of the new States, he
would cheeifully give it his support.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, said he didnot intend
to enter into the discussion of this question, and
would only remaik that gentlemen seemed to have
traveled out of their way to discuss questions
long since gone by, either to show that distress
and ruin had not taktn place, oi that it had re-
sulted from certain causes which were apparent
to them. Now these questions were not to be
settled theie, but were to be settled by the people
of the United States. Whether the vetoes of the
President Iwd, as alleged by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, caused the derangement of the
currency, was a question which the people could
decide as well, and probably better, than gentle-
men on that floor. With regard to the super-
abundance of the Treasury, they all knew that
it would not have occurred had the land bill
passed, but the question was, whether the evils
resulting from the land bills would not have been
gieater than those now existing' He was not,
howtvei, prepared at this time to say to the Sen-
ator fiom South Carolina whether the adoption
of the measure before them would or would not
injuriously affect the new States. He did not
believe that it would have the effect to prevent
speculation, though it might affect many of the
cultivators who purchased in small quantities.
This, however, was an important measure; and
they ougiit to be in the possession of the fullest
informa ion before they acted on it. His desire
was that it might be inquired into by one of the
committees of the body; and if, after investiga-
tion, it should be found that the measure would
be productive of the benefits that had been pre-
dicted, why, it would be proper to adopt it. If,
on the contrary, it should be found that it would
produce embarrassment to the bona fide purchas-
ers, it would be rejected. Mr. K. then submitted
the following amendment:
Strike out all after '• Resolved," and insert • " That the
Committee on Finance be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of prohibiting the receipt, in pajmpnt for the
public lands, ot anything but gold and silver, alter the —
day of-----,"—tim> changing the character of the resolution,
from that of an order to bring in a bill, to one of mere in
quiry as to the expediency ot doing to.
Mr. SHEPLEY said it was with extreme re-
luctance that he said a word at that time. He
had imposed silence upon himself upon personal
considerations. But he could not permit the re-
marks of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ewino] to
pass without notice, lest hissilencc might be sup-
posed to admit their accural y. I do think, said
Mr. S., that he is greatly in error, if he supposes
that the prediction was not made that the Treas-
ury would be unable to meet the just demands
upon it.
I cannot mistake the import of the expressions
which I heard two years since upon this floor,
they were too deeply interesting—they were too
forcibly impressed upon my mind—to allow me
to do so. I do sot profesa to use the language,
but only to convey the idea then so frequently
and emphatically exlubitedvthat we were to have
an empty Treasury.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Web-
ster] imputes the evils of the currency, and the
fluctuations and speculations in business, to the
refusal to renew the charter of the Bank of the
United States.
Sir, (said Mr. S.,) I allege that these evils have
been occasioned by the action of that very bank,
or, at least, have been greatly aggiavated by it.
We need only recur to the history of the last
twelve or fourteen years to be satisfied of it.
In 1831 the loans of the bank to the people
were, if he recollected rightly, about forty-two
millions. The next year they were raised to
seventy millions. In 1834 they had become re-
duced again to nearly forty millions, and in 1835
they were again vei y high; and this year reduced
again. This was but the brief history of its
operations for five years. It had been producing
fluctuations in the money market, uncertainty in
prices, and an insecunty in property during the
whole of that short period.
The direct tendency of such a course was sub-
versive of honest industry, of regular business,
and breaking up all calculation for future action
No dependence could be placed upon any state
of things, present or past; for a new change is
hastened on to break up all regularity that might
otherwise have been looked for. It was to these
excesses of expansion and depression of its loans,
four times in five years, to the amount of many
millions at each time, that he charged the evils
whuh they had experienced.
These were the frui's, the blessed fruits, of a
national bank—this the practical benefit of that
mighty institution which was to regulate the cur-
rency and the business operations of the country,
and to pour out blessings upon the people.
Sir, (said Mr. S.,) I do not believe there has
existed a country upon the face of the earth,
where the fluctuations in the moneyed system
have been as great, and the changes as sudden,
for any term of twenty years, as they have been
in this country during the twenty years' time
that the charter of that bank has existed.
The State banks might hare contributed their
share. He was no apologist for those which had
done so. When the United States Bank increased
its loans by millions upon millions, they had natu-
rally pursued the same course of increase. But,
compared with the United States Bank, their ex-
cesses had been small; and he had never yet
noticed a State bank that had increased and de-
creased its loans in the propoition of fifty per
cent, to that of the United States Bank.
The United States Bank had been the mischief-
maker, instead of the regulator, in the moneyed
concerns of the country. It had been the instru-
ment for putttng property up, and for putting it
down at pleasure. It could change the relation
of debtor and creditor, so that the creditor might
not obtain more than half his debt; or the debtor
might be compelled to pay double, by the great
changes occasioned in the prices of pioperty.
He was no more for schemes or projects than
the Senator from Massachusetts. He was for ad-
hering to practical experience; and the experience
which they had had, taught them that they should
no more trust the destinies of their country to the
machinations, the fluctuations, the fictitious pros-
perity, and the fictitious adversity, occasioned by
the United States Bank.
The Senator, two years ago, when the bank
was calling in its loans at the rate of fiom one to
three millions a month, justified that course, and
regarded U as the necessary and proper duty of
the bank to continue to call m its loans until the
end of its charter. He took occasion then to
express the opinion that there was no necessity
for it, and that it was done " designedly, unne-
cessarily, to compel obedience to the bank."
And what was the result' Soon after the ad-
journment of Congress, the bank, instead of fol-
lowing the course alleged to be necessary, ex-
tended rts loans, aad continued to extend them,
until the million  which it had called in were
thrown out again. Aad now complaint was made
against the Suite banks, that they had done a
hule of what that bank had dose much.
If the measure now before them could be
adopted without injury to the new States in the
West, be wat disposed to vote for it; but upon
tha> aubject he was aot sufficiently advised at the
time to form an opinion. It might do something
towards protecting us from those great and sudden
changes m our moneyed concerns which had
marked their history for the last five years.
Mr. MANQÜM rose, not for the purpose of
