1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
prolonging the discussion, but to suggest to the
Senator from Alabama the expediency of refer-
ring the resolution to a select committee instead
of the Committee on Finance. This measure
contemplated an important change in the currency
of the country, and he preferred that it should be
left in the charge of its friends, who betterunder-
stood it. He was perfectly ready to vote for it,
if it came recommended by the gentlemen from
the new States, and he was willing to do so, be-
cause he looked upon it to be a remedy against
speculations in the public lands, and because it
might possibly bring about a sounder state in the
circulating medium He thought the present de-
bate an unprofitable one. All this bandying of
reproaches tended to no good, they had better set
about applying some remedy to the evils all ac-
knowledged to exist, than waste time in crim-
inating each other. He had taken no part in this
unprofitable discussion, because his opinions
were so primitive that he almost feared to express
them, lest they should be scouted at They might
bechimcras; buthc believedthatall thesewealthy
corporate institutions were inimical to a spirit of
liberty, which he preferred to all the wealth and
splendor of the great cities. Banks, railroads,
stock companies of every description, might be
useful, but he was opposed to them all, because,
in his opinion, they were inconsistent with the
true spirit of liberty. He repeated, that he would
give this measure his hearty support, if, in the
opinion of the western gentlemen, it would not
retard the settlement and prosperity of the new
States.
Mr. CALHOUN agreed with the Senator from
North Carolina as to the appointment of a select
committee, and hoped that it would be appointed
by the Chair selecting a rmjoruv iiom Uie new
States.
In reply to the Senator from Connecticut, he
would observe that, during the time of the pecu-
niary pressure he said nothing, because he believed
that it would be temporary He never did doubt
but the removal of the deposits would produce
the greatest distress and the most disastrous con-
sequences; buthc always did believe that there
would be an evcess in the Treasury.    We make
treat mistakes in supposing that certain events
o not follow their causes, because they do not
come at once. In the ordinary course of Prov-
idence, causes and their consequences are fre-
quently remote; but this was no reason for neg-
lecting the caution that the one necessarily followed
the other.
The great distress that pervaded the country,
the changes of property, and the degrangement
of the currency—all these were seen and predicted,
and the present majority were justly chargeable
with them. He never had anything to do with
the Bank of the United States, though he opposed
the removal of the deposits, as leading toa ruin-
ous derangement of the currency by the unlimited
issue of State-bank paper. Since that measure
$100,000,000 had been added to the currency by
these banks', which would not have been the case
had there been a Bank of the United States to
control them. As to the superabundance of the
Treasury, he had always forseen it. Ever since
the fatal tariff of 1828, he foresaw the evil, and
his subsequent course, which had brought on him
so much opprobium, (he alluded to the proceed-
ings of South Carolina in opposition to the tariff,)
was dictated by the knowledge that this tariff
would produce an overwhelming accumulation of
money in the Treasury, which ought never to be
there. There was a deep responsibility on those
who had caused these evils. But let us (said he)
not look to the past, but to the future: let us
apply what remedies are in our power; and above
all let us endeavor to prevent this noble domain
(the public lands) from passing out of our hands
into those of speculators in exchange for worth-
less bank rags. His only desire was that the
measure under consideration should be approved
of by western gentlemen; and if it was so, he
should give it his hearty support
Mr. PORTER could not agree with the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Makcom.] Thestron 
convictions of duty that prevailed in his breast
required that he should contribute hn aid to arrest
these evils. Fie did not understand why the
operation of the resolution should be confined to
the western States, when the people throughout
the whole Union were interested in it. Mr. P.
referred to the relative amount of specie in the
country, and sales of the public lands, to show
that this measure was not going to have the tend-
ency of correcting the evil. He should prefer it
to be left to a committee to report their reasons
upon it at length. Lord Chatham had said the
currency of the country was like a sensitive plant
—the moment you touch it it dies. Some state-
ments were made which he could not believe were
not founded in error. He could not believe the
United States Bank was the cause of all that had
been imputed to it by the Senator from Maine,
fMr Sheflet.] He would have preferred if that
Senator had given them his figures to demonstrate
his charges, instead of his general conclusions.
The reason why the bank, when first instituted,
did not regulate the currency as was expected,
was owing to its inexperience. He adverted to
the special causes of the expansion and contrac-
tion of paper issues at the close of the war; but
if they had a good system, constitutional in its
character, and perfected in its manhood, they
ought to take it; and such he believed the bank
I was. When its capacity enabled it to operate on
the small banks, it became stationary. Mr. P.
cited the amounUof its issues in different years
from its first institution, and contended that the
charges made against it, of filling the country at
one time with its paper, and withdrawing it at an-
other, was not supported by the facts during the
period of twenty years. After alluding to the
increase of banking capital since 1830, he asked
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Sheplet] if he
believed the bank that had regulated the currency
from 1810 to 183Ü would, if it had been continued,
have made buch an increase of paper as we now
have' All the object he had in view was to place
this matter on its right footing. There was no
country in the world that could get along with-
out an occasional rise and depression in the pnce
of property. The habits of the people now were
such that the system adopted must take its course;
the experiment was in full tide; the sails were set,
and they were going down the current to its con-
summation. The stale of things that now existed
had been clearly depicted, and he could refer to
the speeches now in which it was depicted, if he
liad time to do so. The currency was now up;
but when it would get down he would leave it to
his honorable friend from Maine [Mr. Sheplet]
to foretell.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, the Senate ad-
journed.      _____________________
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Satuhdat, Jlprú 23, 1856.
Mr SMITH, on leave, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, which was agreed to:
Re oí ed Th-u the Secretary of State be requested to
luriu Ii tue llnu-e oi Representatives with a copy of the
11.1 on file in Ins Depart incnt ot the awards made by the
convni^-ionenon claims anting under the convenuon with
the bang 01 tut Two Stctlie*
THE DEPOSIT BANKS.
Mi DROMGOOLE asked the unanimous con-
sent of the Hou-.e to take up the resolution here-
tofore submitted by him, calling upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for information in relation
to the selection of the deposit banks, the agents
connected with the same,&c
Mr. LAWLER hoped the gentleman would
waive his motion until he could present a peti-
tion.
Mr. DROMGOOLE had given way on several
occasions in order to accommodate gentlemen,
and by so doing had been prevented from press-
ing his motion. He could not withdraw it, as it
was important, in his opinion, that the inquiry
which he proposed should be agreed to.
Mr. HAWES hoped both gentlemen would
waive their motions to enable .him to call up a
resolution which he had offered on the 7th Jan-
uary, in reference to the West Point Academy.
Mr. DROMGOOLE declined withdrawing his
motion, when Mr. LAWLER objected to it, but
subsequently withdrew his objection.
Mr. ADAMS suggested to the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Dbomgoole] that his colleague
[Mr. Wise] had proposed an amendment to his
resolution, in which he felt much interest, and
that, inasmuch as the latter gentleman was not
in his seat, the proposition ought not to be pressed
at that time.
Mr. EVANS objected to taking up the resolu-
tion.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to suspend the rule
until one o'clock, in order to enable him to make
a motion to take up his proposition.
Mr. HOWELL moved a call of the House,
upon which Mr. WILLIAMS, of ^orth Caro-
lina, asked for the yeas and nays; which were
ordered, and were—yeas 40, nays 115.
So the coll was refused.
The motion to suspend the rules was then
agreed to—ayes 100, noes 33. [Previous to
taking this vote, Mr. Wise appeared in hisseat.]
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to this House full information of the
mode and minncr of selecting banks in the several State 
or Territories for the deposit of the public money ol the
United States, of all contracts, agreements, or stipulations
entered into with said banks lor the safe-keeping of said
moneys that the Secretary of the Treasury also state what
agents have been employed, the nature and extent of
their agency, and the compensation which sucii agents have
received in any way from the Government ol the United
States; and that he also state what officers or agents on the
part ot said banks have ui any war participated or been
instrumental in the intormation of any «ucn contracts,
agreements, or stipulations concerning the deposit and sale-
keeping of said moneys in said banks.
The question pending was the following amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Wise:
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed, with
power to send for persons and paper., to inquire into the
mode or agency ot selecting the banks of dcpo-iit for the
public money, the contracts with the Treasury Depart-
ment by which they are regulated, the manner in which,
and the persons by whom, such contracts are or have been
made into all correspondence whatsoever touching con-
tracts for the deposit of the public money; and into all
connection, relation, official or unofficial, which exists, or
has existed, between anv person or persons and the Treas-
ury Department, or between them and the deposit banks,
or any individuils or banks, touching the custody and the
control and deposit of the public money, or between any
department ol the Executive and any individual or individ-
uals, or banks, touching the disbursements of the public
money, appropriated or unappropriated by law; and into
the amount ot compensation of any "r all agents whatso-
ever, official or unofficial, connected with the said Depart-
ment, orsaid banks, touching the disbursements, safe keep-
ing, or deposit of the public monev; and that said com-
mittee have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. CALHOUN, of Massachusetts, who was
entitled to the floor, addressed the House at some
length. His object in addressing the House was
to submit an amendment to the amendment of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] be-
cause he believed both the original resolution and
the amendment as wanting. He could see no
great difference between the original resolution
and the amendment, except as it related to the
transactions of a certain individual with the de-
posit banks. He proposed to amend, so as to
inquire how the public moneys had been used
since they had been in the deposit banks; and
unless the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise]
was willing to make that inquiry, he should con-
sider it a mere personal matter, which did not
seem to him to be important. His amendment,
if adopted, would go to show in what manner the
moneys had been used since they were placed in
the deposit banks, which was a matter of the
freatest interest to the country, and an inquiry
emanded by the people of the country, inasmuch
as the whole funds of the nation were now in the
hands of those banks, which he understood, from
a report of the Secretary of the Treasury, to be
at present very nearly thirty-two millions of dol-
lars; and he believea by the end of the present
year they would amount to upwards of fifty
millions. This money was bringing in ao in-
terest to die Government, which he considered
might be loaned out for two millions of dollars.
This was the reason why an inquiry should be
made into this matter; and he hoped such an in-
quiry would be had. The gentleman who had
offered the original resolution [Mr. DnoMoooLs]
gave as his reasons for it that he wished some
infoimation in relation to the subject, before the
bill to regulate the deposit banks came up to be
acted on. This might have been the gentleman's
object; but he considered, that if this had been
his real object, he would have brought forward
the proposition at an earlier period of the ses-
sion.     He   found   that   the   deposit  bill  was
