1*3*
?m >MNtttfflB§R *AL G£0M,
895
claimed their portion of the land on the east aide
of the Mississirpi, as they said they neyer had
sold it. They were cheated out of it, &c. The
nature of this claim, in 1831, in the council at
Rock Island, before mentioned, was explained
to them, and made them understand that the
Government could not be bound by it. They
had surveyed part of it, and had actually sold
some of it to her citizens. The country aid n*t
belong to the Indians. Instead of the white
population intruding on the Indiana, the reverse
of this sta'ement was the fact. The Indians hh
vaded and intruded themselves oa the whiles',
the whites resisted, as they had a right, and were
in fact bound to do.
Thus the war of 18® commenced. It was the
aggressions of the Indians that caused it.
The Winnebagoes actually, in 1832, soW out
ají their land and possessions south of Wiscon-
sin, and agreed to move away and never return.'
This will be seen by a reference to the treaty
made at Rock Island in the State of Illinois, in
that year. If they return, they are intruders and
trespassers on the mads and possessions of the
whites. If any difficulty should arise, they arc
the trespasers,' and must abide by the conse-
quences. If war ensue, the wrong commenced
with themselves.
The policy of the Government is correct in
moving them away from the whites. No other
policy will preserve them at all. If the Indian 
will violate this humane and benevolent view of
their condition taken by the United State , and
return among the whites in violation of the
treaty, they must expect to receive rough treat-
ment. It win surely be the result of their rash
and unwise course of conduct. Let the evil be
with tbem.
4.  A hill for the relief of John MeCarrolI, jr.;
5.  A bill for the relief of Robert Allison;
6.  A bill for the relief of William Hewes;
7.  A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Colonel Anthony White;
8.  A bHl for the rehef of the representatives of
Tristan* Coffin, deceased;
9.  A bul for the relief of Henry Keefer;
10.  A hill for the relief of Francis Bashford;  "
11.  A bill for the relief of Bernard PowtpiHy*,
13.  A bill for the relief of Elisha Lucas;
18. A bill for the relief of John Cowper;
14.  A bill for the relief of the Lexingttwi.Ohioj
Railroad Company;
15.  A bill for the relief of James Whitsell and
Jacob Stewart;
16.  A rollforthercHef of the representatives of
Csptain John Winston, deceased;
17.  A bill for the relief of John S. Devlin;
18.  A bill for the relief of Patrick Green;
19.  A bin authorizing the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to issue to David T. Talbot
a patent for a quarter section of land;
SB. A bill for the relief of Thaddeus Tuttle;
Si. A bul for the relief of James Steel.
After some time, the committee rose and n*<
ported the second bill without amendment, and
that the enacting clause of the third hod bee*
stricken out. Upon the remainder of the hills
the committee asked leave to sit again; which
was granted.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
A. letter from the Secretary ef the Treasury iti
reply to a resoluticwof th* 1st instant, in refer-
ence to the quantity of land entered at the Land
Oftce at Augusta, Mississippi; whteh was laid
•st the table, and ordered to be printed.
Letters frosa the Secretary of the Navy and
Postmaster General, transmitting, in obedience
to a resolution of the 11th instant, a list of the
ekrks. their compensation, duties, Ice., employed
id their respective Departments; whieh were Mid
on the table, and ordered to he printed.
A tetter from the Secretary of the Navy, in m-
•pense to a resohrtion of the 17th January, 1835 
containing- an abstract and statements of compen>
sation and allowance to officers of the Navy, Ac*
which was ordered to be printed,
A letter from the Secretary of €tate, transmit-
ting, in obedience to law, a statement of thenum>
h«r aad designation of passengers arrived in the
United States front foreign countries 1  each col-
lection district, etc.; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
The House then, at half past five o'clock, ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Mondat, ^prtl 25, 1836.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Secretary of War, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 1st instant,
a report of the United Slates geologists,
. Also, a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a statement additional to the
statements contained in his report of the 18th
instant, relative to the balance in the Treasury,
and the condition of the deposit bnnks.
i   Also, a report from the Secretary of State, trans-
I mining statements of the number and designation
of the passengers who have arrived quarter-yearly
I in the respective collection districts from foreign
countries.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. TALLM ADGE presented the petition of a
number of the inhabitants of the town of Rotter-
dam, New York, praying for the establishment
of a post route; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BOBBIN  presented, the memorial of F.
G. Brawn; which was referred to the Committee ,
on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
a meeting of the' religious Society of Friends, ¡
recently held in the city of Philadelphia, remon-
strating against the admission of Arkansas into
the Union while the bill -contained the provision
in relation to slavery.                                            I
Mn. B. (on its presentation) said he rose to
present the memorial of the yearly meeting of
the religious Society of Friends, which had been
recently held in the city of Philadelphia, remon-
strating against the admission of Arkansas into
the Union whilsta provision remained in her con-
stitution which admits of, and may perpetuate,
slavery. This yearly meeting embraced Within
its jarlisdictioa the greater part of Pennsylvania
and New Jersey, the whole of the State of Dela- '
ware, aad the eastern shore- of Maryland. The i
language of this memorial was perfectly respect-
ful. Indeed, it could not be otherwise, ceusid-
ering the source from which it emanated, It
breathed throughout the pore and Christian spirit
which had always animated the Society of Friends;
and, although he did not concur with them in
opinion, their memorial was entitled to be received
with great respect. When the highly respectable
committee whieh had charge of this memorial
called upon him this morning, and requested him
to present it to the Senate, he had felt it to be his
duty to inform them in what relation he stood to
the question. He stated to them that he had been
requested, by the Delegate from Arkansas, to take
charge of the application of that Territory to be
admitted into the Union; and that he had cheer-
fully taken upon himself the performance of this
duty. Ha also, read to- them the eighth section
of the act of Congress of March 6, 1820, con-
taining the famous Missouri compromise; and
informed then that the whole Territory of Ark-
ansas was south of the parallel of 36° 30' north
latitude; and that he regarded this compromise,
considering the exciting and alarming oircum-
lande
ier which it was made, and the dangers
to the existence of the Union which it had re-
moved, to be almost as sacred as a constitutional
provision. That there might be no mistake on the
subject, he had also informed them that, in pre-
senting their memorial, he should feel it to be his
duty to state these facts to the Senate. With this
course en his part they were satisfied, and stiH
continued theirrequest that he might present the
memorial. He now did so with great pleasure.
He hoped it might be received by the Senate with
all the respect it so highly deserved. He asked
that k might I  read*aad, a* the question «f the
admission of Arkansas was ne longer before us,
he moved that it «tight be laid upon the table.
The memorial was accordingly read, and or-
dered to be laid upo  the table.
Mr. GRUNDY presented the memorial of
William H. Moore aad William Gillian,of Ten-
nessee, praying for the remission of ^duties on
goods imported by them, and consumed by fire
before their arrival at the place of their destina-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on 
Finance.
Mr. KNIGHT presented the petition of Jentha
A. Wilkinson, praying for a patent right; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr, WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported several bills from the House,
wi thout amendment; also reported, with an amend-
ment, the bill from the House authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to act as the agent of
the United States in all matters relating to Ha
stock in the Bank of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which had been referred the resolutions
of the States of Tennessee, Illinois, Indiana, and
sundry petitions on the subject of marine hos-
pitals, made a report, together with a bill in ad-
dition to the acts for the relief of sick and disabled
seamen; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. DAVIS gave notice that he would to-mor-
row ask leave to bring in a hill to amend the act
in addition to the act to alter and amend the several
acts imposing duties on imports.
Mr. LINN gave notiee that to-morrow he would
ask leave to bring in a joint resolution providing
for the purchase of two hundred and fifty copies
of Burr's map of the northwestern fronuer.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRUNDY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolvei, That the Committee os Mie Post Office and
Post Boads Be instructed to mqSire inte the expediency of
establishing a post route from ClierryvUle to Brownsville,
in the State of Tennessee.
Mr. HILL submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, and agreed to:
JRetolted, That the Committee on the Post Office sod
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post road from Lowell, by Drainell, Massa-
chusetts, Pelnam, Windham, Londonderry, Mid Manches-
ter, to Hookseu, in New Hampshire.
Mr. WEBSTER, by ifistntcWons from the
Committee on Finance; submitted the feflowing
resolution1, which was considered, and agreed to:
Rooked, That the several heads of Departments be
directed to report to the Senate their several aad respective
opiatos* nom «he jsntioe and propriety ¡of increasing the
coqi|«nsauon of all or any of tbe «lacks ia their respectiva
Depm tments; and, if they deem such augmentation proper
or necessary in any case, that they state their opinion of
the reasonable amount of fetich augmentation.
Mr. BUCHANAN submitted the following
resolution; which lies oft the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
to enable tbe President of the United States to contract
with Luizi Pérsico for two «roups of statues to complete
the eastern front of the Capitol.
Mr. HUBBARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, and agreed to:
Retolved, That tbe Committee on ftevojutrotiBry Claim)
be instructed to inquire into tbe expediency of allowing to
Benjamin Porter, a surgeon's mate in the Navy, during the
war of the Revolution, the commutation pay granted to
such officers under the resolution of the old Congress.
• NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. SOUTHARD, the Señal*
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the support of the Navy for
the year 1836; and the amendments reported by
the Committee -on Naval Affairs being read*
Mr. WHITE, said he would be glad if some
member of the committee would explain the
objects of these amendments, and why so large
art increase of the appropriations made by the
House was deemed necessary, By them.
[The amendments increased the appropriations
•f the House nearly two millions of dollars.]
Mr. SOUTHARD explained that the increase
of ¿he appropriations, particularly in the largest
increase, ($570,160,) was for keeping a greater
number of vessels afloat than was recommended
by the Executive at tbe commencement of the
session, thereby incurring a great additional
expense for the pay and subsistence of the offi-
cers and seamen.   The increase of this item of
