i®m>
mti 0i>>^KF>^>NAt> GLOBH.                                  WH
en mint, and vote and abolish them. 'They might
gne what they pleased for their navy, and get
out all the timber they could to build all the ships
they could, and they could not consume the sur-
plus, tic understood there was a project started
to invest the surplus in stocks—but that would
increase the difficulty, and instead of getting clear
of the surplus, they would have an increase of it.
The Commitue on the Post Office and Post
Roads had brought to bear a steam power to help
them to get rid of it, and to that system he en-
tered hi  solemn protest. The Postmaster Gen-
eral had now the power to make contracts with
these steam-car companies for the transportation
of the mails, and if he had not the power he Vas
in favor of giving it to him. He arguc4, at very
considerable length, against the measure proposed
by the Committee on the, Post Office and Post
Roads, to show the difficulties- in which it would
involve the Government in becoming connected
with these companies, and if the power was
doubted in passing the distribution bill, the post
office bill was still more objectionable. He relied
upon the sound integrity of the Chief Magistrate
in reconsidering his former views, when he found
the people desired this distribution of the surplus.
If, then, they had money enough, and none of
these projects were received with the same favor
as ihist toe quesUpn was, whether it would not be
sound policy to adopt it. It was said that its
passage would have the effect to destroya spirit
manliness, which was necessary to Keep the
Federal Government in tone. When the people
would understand that the money they received
was not a gratuity or a bounty, but was taken
from their own funds, and returned to them, they
would not be decoyed into useless experiments.
He would never think of distributing, except in
cases of an extraordinary ácettaratation like the
present.    The State governments  understood
Suite'as well how to manage' their affairs as the
nitcd States did to manage lis affairs,and would
make a judicious disposition of the quota they
would respectively receive.                           ,
Another difficulty was suggested. There was
a number of new States, atfd some going to be
admitted, and if they went ímo the system of
dividing the revenue from^ the jsoblic lands, the
old States would hold on to the hi-$h' prices, at/d
never consent to the reduction of them. It was
right for gentlemen from the new States, who
really thought so, to oppose this bill; but he did
not believe the objection well founded. They
must always suppose an integrity and magnanim-
ity of character in the thirteen old States upon
which they could rely for justice. He had been
raised in a new State himself, and he was ready
to Say that, the moment he voted for the distribu-
tion, he would be ready to vote for a reduction,
so as to enable the inhabitants of the new States
to purchase land for a home for themselves and
families. He had voted against the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Walker,] because he did not think it could
answer the purpose intended, but declared him-
self friendly to a gradual reduction that would
benefit the settlers, let the fate of this hill be what
it might, and would vote for a graduation prin-
ciple such as would protect the honest settler.
If anything should put him out of humor on that
subject, it would he because his own State had
not received anything from the General Govern-
ment. He spoke of the facilities loans from bants
afforded to combinations for the purposes of
speculation, and of the inability of those not con-
cerned in them to compete with them in the put-
chase Of public lands. Those sueculaiorslived
upon their wits instead of their labor. He closed
by portraying the general benefits that would re-
sult from the passage of the brll, which Would
check this system of speculation, and bring back
a return of a wholesome and sound currency*, it
would be the means of sustaining these batiks*, it
would be invested in mternalimproven«i-sb-<and
general education, and none of the other projects
ought to come into collision with it, as there Was
money enough for them all. It was returning'to
the States what ivas their j>wn motley, and he
would never consent that they should be treated
as infants, incapable of acting for themselves.
Mr. WALKER submitted the followingamend-
ment: Strike out the distribution according to the
last censas, 'and ««art a distribution according to
the compound representation of the respective
States in the Senate and Houseof Representatives.
Mr. WALKER said that if this distribution
bill should be forced upon us, whether he should
vote for oragainst it, he wished to see it made as
perfect as possible. His amendment was in
accordance with that feature of the Constitu-
tion which regarded the States as coequal sov-
ereignties, which provided for their equal repre-
sentation in the Senate, and which gave each óf
them two electoral votes in addition to their num-
ber of representatives in the other House of Con-
gress. If the distribution principle was to be
adopted, he could not think it proper, under
existing circumstances, to look upon the States
as counties, and wholly disregard their rights as
equal members of this great Confederacy. The
principle proposed by "him, whilst it did not
divide the moneys equally among the States,
I yet was a nearer approach to equality than the
proposition embraced in the bill as it now stands.
j mr. W. then proceeded to show what States
i would be the gainers by this amendment, speci-
fying the exact amount for each State. He said
the proportion of Mississippi would be nearly
doubled,and that of little Delaware nearlv tripled.
Mr. CLAYTON returned hi* thaaks to the
gentleman from Mississippi for his>kmd inten-
tions towards little Delaware, though she would
be glad to get the proportion allotted to her in the
bill in the shape it came from the committee.
Should any measure in favor of little Delaware
eonje before them on a future occasion, he would
be happy to receive the gentleman's Bupport; but,
for the present, he must beg to decline his prof-
fered kindness. The bill gave to Delaware her
proportion; not according to the ratio of her rep-
resentation in the other House; not according to
the number of her Senators and Representatives
in both Houses; but apportioned her share of the
distribution oh the basis of her Federal popula-
tion, which was the only true and just principle
of distribution. With this, Delaware would be
satisfied.
Mr. CLAY opposed the amendment as not in
accordance with the provisions of the deed -of
cession from the State of Virginia, declaring that
the lands given by her «mould be held for the
common benefit of all the States then in the Union,
and those that might thereafter come into it; and
that the distribution should be made in propor-
tion to the burdens borne, respectively, by the
several States, of the general expenses of the
Government. The amendment, therefore, of the
Senator from Mississippi, would be unconstitu-
tional; the only true principle of distribution com-
plying with the terms of the deed of cession, was
on the basis of Federal population.
Mr. WALKER replied, disclaiming any dis-
respectful reference to Delaware, and eulogizing
her valor and patriotism at the period of the Rev-
olution. He said t/.at, if the distribution pro-
posed by him violated the terms of cession, so
did this bill; for it proposed to give a certain
additional percentage of the proceeds of these
lands to some States, and not to others. Mr. W.
denied that his proposition violated the terms of
the compact. These terms (admitting even that
they remained in force after the adoption of the
Constitution) did not grant these lands as a com-
monfund to the several States in proportiontotheir
population, but upon a different ratio, namely, in
proportion to *• their usual respective proportions
in the general charge «nd expenditure." Now,
(said Mr. W.) the "usual general charge" in
carrying on this Government js not in proportion
to population. The exporting States, of which
Mississippi js one of the largest, bear a propor-
tion in sustaining thtt Government, both in war
and in peace, far beyond their population, fa
war they bear nearly the whole pecuniary bur-
der , fot «heir gtt«t staple fall  to a mete notnirial
price, whilst home manufactures rjfce in value;
antf in' peace, the tariff, from which we derive
ottr+even-ae, whilst it is thought to aid the man-
ufacturers of *he North, depresses the vanie of
the southern stnple8. In any point of view, the
charges upon the people of the Union are not in
proportion to population. Itis true, direct taxes
are at proportion to the Federal population, and
we are told taxation and representation go together;
but taxfrtir*-* and repten Wlionfló loot go ««--ether
in their full extent under our form of^dvern-
ment; otherwise, the large and the small íkates
would not be equally represented irt the 'Senate.
If representation is to be the criterion, that crite-
rion, uw*er our Constitution, should be the rep-
resentation in both Houses of Congress, as he
(Mr. W.) proposed. If taxation Was to be the
criterion, direct taxation Would furnish no prac-
tical rule on the ■subject. Direct taxation was
one only of the modes of supporting this Gov-
ernment—a most unusual one—and Mr. W.
thought it probable would never be resorted to
again. The " usual general- charge" upon the
States is the tsriff; and this does not operate in
proportion to the population
Whilst Mr. W. was no believer in the forty
bale theory, yet he proceeded to prove under the
tariff system the exporting States bear more than
their proportion of the charges of conducting the
Government; it affects them both as consumers
and exporters, whilst those States that export
nothing are affected as consumers only. Mr. W.
then pointed to that clause of the bill which pro-
posed to distribute the proceeds of the sales of
the lands in 1840 and 1841, according to the last
census, whereas they should, according to the
theory of the bill, be distributed according to the
next census, which will greatly increase the share
of Mississippi, and ought to be done if the pres-
ent ratio was retained.
Mr. NILES made some remarks in favor of
the amendment. He said these lands were cedr-d
as a common fund, to pay the debts of the Con-
federation and carry on the war; and if they were
considered a fund belonging to the States, there
was much reason to believe they belonged to
them as sovereignties; but if they were the exclu-
sive property of the Union, then there was an ar-
bitrary power in .the Government over their dis-
tribution. He regarded the whole scheme as an
indirect system of internal improvement, and in
carrying it out a regard ought to be had to the
distribution among the States according to their
respective wants and necessities; they ought to
give the most to those that needed it most. Some
States had just commenced their internal Improve-
ments, and would need more than others. The
State of New York had finished hers, and wopjd
not need any assistance. If there was any prin-
ciple in this bill, it was in favor of this amend-
ment. The States had formerly stood upon equal
footing, and little Delaware then stood tip as an
equal with Virginia. He belonged to one of the
small States, and was opposed to the whole
scheme; bu tif they were to be bought up he
wanted as high a price as he could get.
Mr. CLAYTON referred to the deed of cession
from the State of Virginia to show that the prin-
ciple contained in the amendment was unconsti-
tutional. The deed of cession required that the
distribution of the fund arising from these lands
should be made according to the respective pro-
portion contributed by them of the general charges
and expenditures of the Government. Now,
could the gentleman from Mississippi tell him
that Mississippi and Delaware paid a proportion
of the expenses of the Government equal to the
proportion of their Senators and Representatives
in Congress? and if not, how the distribution
proposed by his amendment (taking the additional
amount given to these two States from the other
Slates) would be just ? Now, the apportionment
on the basis of Federal population Was the otrly
just one, because it was on that basis that the
direct taxes were apportioned. Mr. <?., after
taking a view of the two 'messages of the Pres-
ident recommending a distribution of th> twirplus
revenue on the basis of Federal population, *t d
reading copious extracts from it, said that "the
distribution on that basis, as recommended by
the President, wat the only just one, and that he
heartily agreed m opinion with him. By appor-
tioning the distribution according to the repre-
sentation in the other House, Defaware would be
treated with great injustice, beeause she had-put
one Representative, and wanted but a fractie*n*of
population, according to the apportionment ef
Representatives, to entitle her to two; while a
distribution, according to the-irttpjber hoth of
Senators and Representatives? would ¡give Dela-
ware three dares, thojgh «he wast-ntftled to but
