398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
two, or nearly two, and would be unjust to the
large States.                                                                 ¡
Air. WALKER said he had not said the addi-
tional percentage was unequal; he had only said
it was not according to the proposed latio of Fed-
eral population; and therefore, if this ratio could
be departed Aom in the one case, it could in the
other, as proposed by him, [Mr. Walker.] That
the distinguished Senator fiom Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] must be hard pressed for argument when
he rallied the friends of the bill against a just
amendment, by saying it had emanated from him,
[Mr. Walker,] an enemy of the bill. Mr. W.
said it was true he had feared the policy of the
bill was to defeat preemption laws, to keep up the
price of the public iands, to keep up the tariff on
the lands of the West, whilst it was reduced in
all other cases; and that he had deeply lamented
the failure for the present of this amendment, re-
ducing the price for four forty-acre lots in favor
of actual settlers only, which would have greatly
benefited the poor man and the actual cultivator
of the soil. But he had not told the Senate how
he should now vote. Since this bill was intro-
duced, the old States had, he feared, become more
and more rigid in regard to the settlers in the new
States—that they were now opposing picemptions
as well as a reduction of the price. That as re-
gards the settlers, the speeches of gentlemen in
their favor were veiy good things; but when gen-
tlemen spoke one way for the settlers and voted
another way against them, theirspeeches amount-
ed to less than nothing. That no provision as
regards any ratio of distribution was designated
by the Constitution; and that to disregaid the
representation of the States in the Senate alto-
gether was to make an approach towards bieak-
mg down the State sovereignties and consolidat-
ing the Government.
Mr. W. said there were peculiar reasons why
the principle of distribution which he pioposed
now might be very just at this period, and yet
not constitute a standing precedent. All the new
States (but one) are small States, whose fund
would be incre--ed by the principle he proposed
to adopt; and that this would be only leturning
to the pf-ople of the new States, who paid into
your lieasury nearly all this fund, a laige lat-
able proportion of the moneys paid by themselves.
Mr. W. said, if he had pioposed to divide this
fund equally among all the States without regaid
to population, there might be some ground to
sompfam; but when his proposed distribution
adopted the compound íatio ot representation in
botli Houses fixed by the Constitution, it would
come much nearer to a just basis, under existing
circumstances, than the last or the next census.
Mr. CLAY said that the gentleman fioin Mis-
sissippi, it was true, offered strong inducements
to Delawaie to obtain the support of her Senator
to his amendment, and, these failing, he had of-
fered another by way of compliment to her Sen-
ator, and that had also failed, the Senator fiom
Delaware's sense of justice outweighing all other
considerations. The gentleman refened to the
inequality in the bill which gave the twelve per
cent, to the new States. If the Senator's sense
of justice towards the old States was so strong as
to induce him to move to strike out this piovis-
lon, and he could get the gentlemen from the
other new States to agree with him, he (Mr. C.)
did not know that he would persist in a desire to
retain it. Mr. C. then went on to show that the
distribution according to the basis of Federal
population was the only just one, and urged the
Senate not to adopt the amendment, as striking
at the very principle of the bill.
Mr. PORTER observed m reply to Mr. Walk-
er that, as the Senator from Mississippi had not
given any pledge to vote either for or against the
bill, he was still open to conviction, and he hoped
that he might be induced to go for it. Now, he
had made up his mind to vote for the bill, and being
friendly to it he dreaded the effect the amendment
would have in the other House. In the Senate
the small States were strong, but in the other
House the tables would be turned; there will be
-(said Mr, P.) forty to one against us. He there-
fore could not vote for the amendment, as he be-
lieved it would defeat the bill.
Mr. BLACK observed that he had carefully
examined the deed of cession from the State of
Virginia, and was satisfied, after full reflection,
that the amendment of his colleague conflicted
with its provisions. He was therefore compelled
to vote against it.                                                          I
The question was here taken on Mr. Walker 's
amendment; and it was rejected—yeas 6, nays 37;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Ewmg of Hanoi's, Linn, Niles,
Robin«on, and Walkei—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Black,Brown, Buchanan,Clay, Clavton,
Crittenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Goldsborough, Grundv, Hen
dncks, Hill, Hubbard, Kent, Kins ot Alabama, King of
Georgia, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Moore, Morris,
Naudain, Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, )'e ton, Rives, Rob
bins, Shepley, Southard, Swift, Tallmadge, Tomhnson,
Webster, White, and Wright—37.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 25, 1836.                       ,
The unfinished business of Monday last was
taken up, being a motion to excuse Mr. Under-
wood from voting on laying an appeal On the
table taken by Mr. Wise, from a decision of the
Chair, that a memorial presented by Mr. Slade
against the admission of Arkansas into the Union,
on the ground of the toleration of slavery, went,
under the order of the House, to the committee
appointed under the resolution of Mr. Pincknet.
Mr. UNDERWOOD was then excused from
voting; and the motion to lay the appeal on the
table was carried—yeas 127, nays 62, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anthony, Barton, Beale, Bean,
Beaumont, Bockee. Bovee, Buchanan, Bunch, Burns, By-
num, Cambreleng, Carr, Casey, Chaney, Chapín, Cleveland,
Coffee,Connor. Craig, Cramer, Curbing, Cushman, Deberry,
Dicker-on. Doubled ), Dromgoole, Eftner, Fairfield, Farhn,
Fowler, Trench, Fry, Piulo C. Fuller, William K Fuller,
James Garland, Gillet, Grantland, Haley, Joseph Hall,
Hauier, Hannegan, Samuel S. Harrison, Hawes, Hawkins,
Haynes, Henderson, Hoar, Howard, Uovvell, Hubley, Hunt-
ington, Hunt-man, Inshain, Jabe¿ Jackson, Jo-epli John-
son, Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson, John W Jones,
Benjamin Jones, Judson, Kennon, Kilgore, Kmnard, Klin-
gen-mith, Lane, Laporte, Lawrence, Gideon Lee, Joshua
Lee, Thomas Lee, Luke Lea, Leonard, Lincoln, Logan,
Lvon, Abijah Mann, Job Mann, Martin, William Mason,
Mojes Mason, May, McCarty, McComas, McKeon, Mc-
Kim, McLene, Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg,
Owens, Page, Patterson, Patton, Franklin Pierce, Dutce J
Pearce, Pevton, Phe4p-, Pinckney, Reed, Rencher, John
Reynolds, Ripley, l!o¿er ,Seymour, Shield ,Slnnn, Sickles,
Smith, Spangler, Speight, Storer, Sutherland, Talialcrro,
Taylor, John Thomson, Toucey, Turner, Turrill, Vander-
p->M, Wagoner, Ward, Webster, Weeks, Whittleaej, and
Slierrod William-.—127
N \YS—Me-sr . Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, Bailey, Bell,
Bond. John Calhoon,William B Calhoun. Campbell.George
Chamber*, John Chambers, Chapman, Nathaniel H. Ciai
borne, John F. H. Claiborne, Clark, Corvvui.Crane,Darling-
ton, Denny, Evans, En rctf, Glascock, Grander, Graves,
Gra)=on, Griffin, Hihind Hall, Hard, Hardin, Harlan, Har-
per, Hazeltine, Hester, Ilolsev, Hunt, William Jackson,
Janes, Jeniter, Henry Johnson, Lanier, Lewis, Love,
Lucas, Sainp-on Mason, Mc Kaj, McKennan, Mercer, Mor
n-, James A Pearce, Pcttigrew, Phillip-, Pott-, Russell,
William B. Shepard, Slade, Sloane, Standeter, Steele,
Vinton, Washington, White, Lewis Williams, and Wise—
62
The next subject in order was an appeal of a
similar character taken by Mr. Slade on the 11th
instant fiom a like decision upon a petition pre-
sented by Mr. S. on that day.
Mr. SPEIGHT, in order to put an end to the
discussion on the appeal, moved that it be laid on
the table, together with the subject connected with
it.
Mr. WISE had received a letter from certain
persons connected with Bristol College, which
denied that they had signed any memorial in ref-
erence to slavery in the Territones.
Mr. SLADE had not stated that the persons
alluded to had signed the memorial which he pre-
sented from Bristol.
Mr. MORRIS asked for the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay on the table; which were or-
dered
Mr. ADAMS had in his possession similar pe-
titions, and inquired of the Chair what would
be the effect of laying the appeal on the table, and
whether or not the petition would also be laid on
the table, or go to the select committee?                 I
The SPEAKER replied that, if the motion to
lay the appeal on the table prevailed, it would
carry with it the whole subject, and that the ac-
tion upon the petition would be suspended, sub-
ject to the point of order upon the appeal, and
would remain suspended until the House should
take up and decide the point of order arising upon
that appeal.
The question was then taken; and the appeal
was laid on the table; yeas 110, nays G3, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ash, Ashley, Barton, Beale, Bean, Beau-
mont, Bockee, Boon, Bovee, Boyd, Buchanan, Bunch,
Burn-, By mini, Cambrelens, Carr, Casoy, Chapín, Clark,
Cleveland, Coffee, Coles. Connor, Craig, Ciamer, Cu-li
man, Deberry, Dickerson. Dromsoole, Duulap, Eftner, Fair
field, Farlan, Fowler, French, Fiv, Piulo C Fuller, Wil-
liam K Fuller, Gillet, Giave-, Gray-on, Haley, Joseph
IIill, Hamer, Samuel S. Ilirri-on, Alh-rt G Harn-on,
Hawe-, Havnes, Henderson, Hopkins. Hubley, Hunting-
ton, Huntsman, Ingham, Jabez Jackson, Jarvis, Joseph
Johnson, Richard M. John-on, Cave Johnson, Kilgore, Kui-
nard, Klingen-mitli. Lane, Lansing. Gideon Lee, Leonard,
Abijah Mann, Job Mann, Manning, Martin, John Y.Mason,
William Mason, Moses Ma on, May, McKay, McKeon,
McKun, McLene, Mercer, Montgomery, Morgan, Muhlen-
berg, Page, Parks, Patterson, Franklin Pierce, Dutce J.
Pearce, Pettigrevv, Phelps, Pinckney, John Reynolds, Rip-
ley, Roane, Rogers, Schenck, Seymour, William B Shep
ard, Augustine H Shepperd, Shields, Sickles, Smith,
Speight, Taliaferro, Taylor, John Thomson, Turrill, Van-
durpoel, Wagener, Ward, Webster, and Sherrod Williams
—110
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen.
Bailey, Bell, Bond, Bouldin, Brigs*, Campbell, Carter,
George Chamber , John Chambers,! Uapinan,Child , John
F. H. Claiborne, Corwin, Crane, Darlington, Evans. Ev-
erett, Jame  Garland, Glascock. Granger, Griffin, Hard,
Hardin, Harlan, Hazeltine, Hei-ter, Hoar, llol ev, Howell,
William Jackson, Kennon, Lawler, Lawrence, La), Luke
Lea, Lewis, Lincoln, Love, Lucas, Lyon, Samp on Ma-on,
Maury, McKennan, Milligan, Mom-, James A. Pearce,
Phillips, Potts, Reed, Ru=-cll. Slade, Spingler, Standeter,
Steele, Storer, Waddv ThompsonlÉTown-*, Washington,
Whittlesey, Lewis Williams, and VVi-e—63.
PROCEEDS   OF   THE    PUBLIC   LANPS—GEN-
ERAL HARRISON.
'     The House resumed  the consideration of the
resolutions of the Kentucky Legislature in favor
I of a distribution of the proceeds of the  sales of
i the public lands.
I The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Williams, of Kentucky, to refer the resolu-
1 tions to the Committee of Ways and Means, with
i instructions to reporta bill for the distribution of
the proceeds aforesaid among the several States
for purposes of internal improvements and edu-
cation.
Mr. HA WES rose to proceed in the remarks
which he had heretofore commenced.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, contended
that, by givit'g way for other business on former
days, his colleague had waived his light to the
floor, and that, under the rule, he could not again
address the House until every other member had
spoken who chose to do so.
The sense of the House was taken, and it was
¡ decided, without a count, that Mr. Hawes was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. HAWES said it had been so long since he
had submitted the preceding part of his remarks,
that he scarcely remembered at what point of the
debate he had left off. He should, however, be-
fore coming to the subject of distubution, touch
upon the military career of General Harrison
during the late war. The able and indefatigable
member from the State of Illinois [Mr. Casey]
had offered a proposition to graduate the price of
the public lands. The subject now under con-
sideration was to distribute the proceeds of the
public lands among the several States, according
to their Federal numbers. This pioposition, if
carried into effect, he believed, would entnely
prostrate the interests of the western country;
and he had said before, that ho never could con-
! sent that the interests of the land of his adoption
. should be thus prostrated. He asked if it would
not be better to take the bill of the gentleman from
Illinois in preference to the proposition then under
discussion> That bill, if carried into effect,
would go to enhance the prosperity of the West.
There were a portion of the people o*f the United
States who considered that it was unconstitutional
for the General Government to makes internal
improvements; and yet, under the operations of
the land bill, it would be to force the States to do
that which the Government itself could not do.
Since Mr. H. had had the honor of addiessmg
the House, his friend from Ohio [Mr. Storer]
had taken occasion, in Committee of the Whole,
to answer the remarks which Mr. H. had made
on that occasion, although he had not, as the
House well knew, finished his speech; the effect
of which was, that the speech of the gentleman
from Ohio, in answer to his, was laid before the
people of the country before his was finished. He
