.r
THE CQNGRESSI0M7 G&QBE,
■II , "Jii !'■■■ rr—ea—iiiimij lis I                            ......n ,   ' im'h i ' f...... iiiw^rBHgaBeiaw aaa^a  BWW"JBBJpBiBli
5-*iL
M
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Session, 24th Cotrsastt.
MONDAY, MAY 9, 1836.
Volume 3....No. 26.
as to the transactions of the land offiees with the |
deposit banks in Ohio, and as to the description '
of bank notes the said bank* received, or refused
to receive, in deposit from the land offices; which
was referred to the Committee oa Public Lands-,
and
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, one thousand
extra copies of the report were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KENT presented the memorial of certain
merchants of Baltimore, praying to be indemni-
fied lor spoliations committed by French cruisers
aader the Berlin add Milan decrees, their claims
having been rejected by the late commission under
the French treaty; which- «w referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from Dr.
Plantean, of Philadelphia, stating that lie had
made valuable improvements in the onaetruciioh
of steamboats, and asking for the patronage of
Congress, which was referred to the Comauttea
on Roads and Canals.
INDEPENDENCE f>T TEXAS.    -
Mr. MORRIS presented tie proceedings of a
large and respectable meeting' of the citizens of
Cincinnati, on the subject of the struggle for free- ,
dom now going on in Texas, and suggesting the
expediency of acknowledging the independence of
that country. Mr. M. asked that the proceed-
ings might be read, and referred to the Committee
on Foretga Relations.
Mr. KING-, of Alabasaa, suggested to the Sen.
ator from Ohio whether it waa not going too far,
in the «resent aspect of the affairs of Testa, to
refer these proceedings to a committee. How 
ewer strong (he said) oar feelings might be in
favor of those unfortunate me  who were strag*
giing for me preservation of their dearest rights*
as well as for their «erf existence, and however
deep our abhonrnoe ana detestation of the cruel
and tyrannical conduct of «hew invaders, yet he
thought that the acknowledgment of their inde-
pendence at this time, or the adoption of any
measures looking to it, seemed to be premature.
He admitted there was a strong feeling on this
•abject pervading every portion of this country,
and it mas notara] that it should. The people of
this country could not but deeply sympathize
with those who were contending for the dearest
rights of man, and most necessarily feel a pow-
errol sense of indignation at the blood-stained
atrocities wháea had marked the desolating prog-
ress of their ereei oppressors* This was'ail very
natural; be* for the Senate «a interfere in the
present state of affairs he thought waa prema-
ture; and he suggested to the gen demon from
Ohio, whether the beat course, would not be to
lay the proceedings oa the table.
Mr. WALKER said Unit he hoped the motion
to lay these proceedings upon the table would not
prevail; that such a course would not be expMss-
teeof ¿be-sens  of the people of the United States;
that the sympathies of the American people were
deeply excited in regard to the situation of Texas;
that there were thousands of America  citiaens
invited by Mexico to participate in the blessings
of a Federal Gevernawm and of free institutions
•«•invited to settle the wilderness, and defend the
Mexicans against the men frequent incursions of
a savage foe, and now attempted to be trodden
down beneath the feet of the most sanguiaary
despot and usurper that had ever disgraced the
annals of the world; that, in point of fact, Santa
Anna, and his priests and mercenaries, were the
rebela, and not the people of Texas', that it waa
Santa Anna and his party who had prostrated the
Fedecat Government of Mexico, and ware now
attempting to establish upon its ruins a central
military despotism; that the people of Texas had
fought for the Federal Constitution of 1824, and
adhered to it antil all ¿ope of its preset vatios had
been extinguished?and that then, and then only,
when the only al terna tire presented was to receive
the chains of a usurper, ot resist uato death, they
26
had nobly unfurled the flag of independence, re-
solved to maintain their liberties, or perish in the
conflict. Nobly, gloriously, had they maintained
the unequal contest; they had performed deeds
of valor that would challenge a comparison with
anything in Greek or Roman history. Such men
could not be vanquished. No! the sun was not
more certain tú set in the western horizon than
that Texas would maintain her independence, and
that we would acknowledge it. The death of (he
murdered heroes at the Alamo, of prisoners of
war massacred in cold blood by the orders of a
ruthless tyrant, would call down upon him the
vengeance of earth and heaven. It had excited a
thrift of horror throughout this Union, and was
now bringing the evidences of public feeling before
this body. Let us now, then, give to these pro-
ceedings in favor of Texas, that respectful refer-
ence to which they are so justly entitled, and
which, whilst it does not now violate the neutral-
ity of this Government; will cheer onward, in
the hour of gloom and danger, a people who are
imitating the example of the patiots of our own
Revolution  and whose1 destiny will be the same.
Mr. MORRIS was well assured that this was
a question.of great delicacy, and that they should
proceed with much caution. He agreed Withhis
friend from Mississippi that the public mind waa
much excited on the subject, and that the sympa-
thies of our people were deeply aroused in fhvor
of the suffering Texans. As a citizen, individ-
ually, he accorded fully with the feelings ex-
pressed in the proceedings of this meeting; but,
as an American Senator, he felt that he ought to
act with some caution. He believed the people
of Cincinnati spoke the united voice of the whole
Sute-, and that their meeting would be followed
by other meetings, not only in Ohio, but in every
part of the Union. He was willing to < lay the
proceedings on the table for the present; an sug-
gested by the Senator from Alabama; and th«
more so, as he bad been informed that similar
memorials would be presAlted from other parts
of the United States, when, the Senate having
the sentiments of the country more generally ex-
pressed, it would be proper to call up the proceed-
ings, and act on them.                                 >
The proceedings were then laid on the table.
OTHER PETITIONS.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of
sundry citizens of New York, praying for the
establishment of a post route; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads*
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of James
Manning, late collector of Beaufort, North Carp-
Una; which was referred to the Committee oa
Claims.
Mr. BLACK presented a petition of sundry
citizens of Mississippi, complaining that they had
been deprived of their lanas by the location of
Choctaw reservations; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
MARINE HOSMTAL FUND.
Mr. BENTON presented a statement, which
he had received from the collector of New Orleans,
showing the amounts received on the western
waters for the marine hospital fund; which was
referred to the'Committee on Commerce.
WESTERN ARMORIES.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on MUW
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the establishment
of several armories and depots of arms; which
was read, and ordered to a second leading.
ADMISSION ON THE FLOOR.
Mr. MANGUM submitted the following res-
olution-, which was considered, and agreed to:
It*  ! **, That the rates of the Seaate beso snteoaea si
Is «Hait iota the lob>y «f ttm Seas  Cbambcr «-©overa-
ors of the States.
THE TARIFF.     '           ".]'"'
Mr. DAVIS, on leave, introduced a bill to
amend the tariff laws; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Manufactures.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN FLORIDA.
The bills from the House making additional
appropriations for the suppression oflndian hos-
tilities in Florida, and for the relief of James Al-
exander and Iran Allen, were severally read twice
and referred.
RESOLUTIONS AGREED TO.
The resolutions lying on the table were con-
sidered and adopted.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The bill for the distribution of the net proceeds
of the sales of the public lands, «fee, was taken
up ma the order of the day, and Mr. CLAY ad-
dressed the Senate until a fate hour iu a long and
argumentative speech in faror of the bill) after
which,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesbat, dprü 26, 1836.
Mr. GLASCOCK rose and remarked, that he
fblt it to be his duty, whatever might be the re-
sult, to renew the motion made by the gentleman
Amo Virginia [Mr. Wist} yesterday, to have
read a letter from the Faculty of Bristol College,
Pennsylvania, in reference to a correspondence
, of the Philadelphia Inquirer, which purported tti
give an account of a petition presented by Mr.
Sladb, from Bristol, against the admission of
Arkansas-into the Unión. He made the motion
as an act of justice to the Faculty of this college;
The CHAIR desired first to ascertain whether
the reading of the letter Was objected to '
Mr. GLASCOCK waa satisfied, if he was per-
mitted to state the ptfrport of the letter, ne persea*
would object to the reading.
Mr. WISE said it was at his request, and at**)
st the instance of the eeodesaan «ont Georgia*
|Mr. Glaseóos;/] that the motion had been made!
tie hoped it would be scad.
Mr. ADAMS objected to the reading of «he
letter, until the Hoose decided whether *V Mot
they Woajd receive petition*' of 'the character a$>
tuded to.                                                            *
Mr. GLASCOCK moved to suspend the rales
for the purpose ef having the letter read; and
asked for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The CHAIR requested Mr. G. to reduee his
motion to writing.
Mr. GRANGER inquired whether there was
before the House any petition to which the letter
related?
The CHAIR replied that the petition referred
to was suspended upon a point of orden ■
Mr. Glascock's motion was then read  as fol-
lows:
■That toe rales be suspen4£fd for the purpois of offering,
and having read, a letter from tTie Faculty of Bristol CoiT
lege, Pennsylvania, disclaiming having ever signed any
memorial remonstrating against the admission sf Arkansas
with slavery attached to Iter, sad if their asa*** «¿pavea
to such tbey were forgeries.
Mr. REED was not aware that any such mar
morial had. ever been presented to the House.
Mr. ADAMS moved to amend the motion by
addiug, ".atttl that the memorial to whjfth thi
letter refers be also read.               ,                    ...
Mr. SEVIER «aid this was a master of much
delicacy, and in which his constituents were
much' interested. He had Bat in his Seat and sir
lently witnessed the course pursued 'In reference
to, this subject,, He felt it to be^hjs d tyrto move
w lay the whole si&jéct on the tabre,
Mr. GLASCOCK Was as anxious for the adr
mission of Arkansas as the Delegate from that
^he°motioB of Mr. SEVIER wit  tha^tyNgrf
to without a count.                , ' .¡r V^Of-'.l    Ú
PUBLIC BíEPQSITÍe, ,q   ..,    
Mr. DR^MGOOLEa k!e4*hf«aa i*áuscori-
