402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
sent of the House to proceed to the consideration
rtf the resolution offered hv him cntlinf upon the
Secretary of the Tieasurv for infoi motion i'i rr-
latio.i o'the d po«t of the public moneys, &.<•.;
\v!ma «e.s o i,t ct. d *o.
Mi DROMGOOL H moved to stipend the rules
rmtil o'clock, for the purpose 5'tted; which was
a£re<-d to.
Tut? resolution was then tajeen up, the ques-
tio > ' -'.n¿ on the .rne^dineni of \Ii - Wm. to
add to the i "solution lo'ii^' piopo^ng to ume
a select committee for the purpose of inqmmig
into the «am J subject
Mr. BOND, who was entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the House at consuletnble length m eon-
ur.uation of his lemarks on a formtr day. He
wt nt into an t xaminationto show the arreat pros-
perity of the couatrj fiom tin juar 1700 to 1811,
duiuig- the existence of the old Bank of the United
Siat"<s, and the melancholy gloom which hung
over the land from the latter period tip to the es-
tablishment of the new Bank of the United States.
Hi also showed tne great mciease in the number
of bank  and paper money in the last few years,
and arguedjhat those banks uere established by
the persons who were making a great outcry
about bringing the country back to a specie cur-
rency. Mr. B. alluded to the assertion of the
Secretary of the Tieasury, that the State banks
would afford a better and safer currency than the
Btnk of the United States, and that the moheys
of the United States were safer now than thev
had been at any former period. This he denied;
aDd maintained that the moneys were now un-
gate, and that it was the bounden duty of Con-
gees  to look into the state of those banks. He
read a circular of the Clinton Bank of Columbus,
and commented upon it at some length, and con-
tended that it was unfair that the notes of banks
in the States of Pennsylvania and New York
■hould be taken in preference to those of the
Botes of banks in the State of Ohio. This Clin-
ton Bank of Columbus (he said) was a much
younger bank than some others there, and had a
capital of but a httle upwards of $289,000, and
had Government deposits in it to the amount of
$356,000. He did not mean to disparage the
bank, but this was tlie actual state of facts. He
«aid there were different kinds of pet banks.
Some were special pets, such as the Commercial
Bank of Portsmouth; a bank which, he said, had
but a capital of $102,000, and $11,000 in specie,
and herGovernment deposits amounted to nearly
$200,000. He then went into a review of the
condition of several of the banks of deposit, and
argued at some length that the public moneys
were in an unsafe situation, and that Congress
■hould take measures speedily to remedy the evil.
The remarks of Mr. fees  were arrested by the
arrival of the hour for proceeding to the orders
of the day.
AFFAIRS OF TEXAS.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, asked
the consent of the House to lay oa tlie table and
have printed a resolution calling on the President
of the United States for information in relation to
the state of affairs in Texas, &c; which was ob-
jected to.
Mr. T. moved to suspend the rules to enable
him to offer the resolution; which was negatived
without a count. Mr. T. gave notice that lie
•hould renew his motion to-morrow.
Mr. STORER asked the consent of the House
to present the proceedings of a public meeting in
his district, m relation to the "troubles in Texas;"
which being objected to, Mr. S. moved to sus-
pend the rules for the püipose stated; which was
negatived without a count.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A bill making appropriations for the Indian
Department, for annuities, &c.,was read the third
time.
Air. GARLAND, of Louisiana, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to amend the bill
Ly making the appropriation for carrying into
effect a treaty with the Caddo Indians $40,000
instead of $80,000, as heretofore inadvertently
inserted.
Air. BOON said the bill was an important one,
and appropriated about a million of dollars
There did not appeal- to be more than sixty mem-
bers in attendance. He though! they should
take mensures to obtain a quorum                            '
The Ctl MR counted the members, and an-
nounced that Iheie \v.i-. no quorum lucent.
Mr. HEISTHR moved a call of the House,
■w hieh \\ as agreed to: and after proceeding a shoit
time.
On motion of Mr. ASH, the further proceed-
ings under the call were suspended.
INDIAN ANNUITY BILL
The amendment of Mi. GARLAND to the
Indian ami utv lull was tlun agietd to, and the
same was passed.
INCREASE OF  SALARIES.
A bill to provide  for the salaries of certain
officers therein named, and for other purposes,
was read the third time, and passed.
SERVICE OF VOLUNTEERS.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky,
the House then took up the bill authorizing the ¡
President of the United States to accept the sei vice
of volunteers, reponed from the Committee of
the Whole with sundry amendments.
The question was on concurring with the com-
mittee in their proposed amendments.
The most mateual were' the following:               |
Sec. 1. Limiting the terra to '- six or twelve month ,"
and adding to the section the following words, within
brackets
Commissioned officers shall be appointed in the manner
prescribed by law in the several States niul Territories to
which such company or companies shall respectively be-
long, [in the -.ame manner as the militia ot the several
States and Territories are now appointed and commis-
sioned ; and as militia, said mounted men, when in service,
shall be considered : Provided, That the power vested in
tlie President by this act shall be exercised only in the
coses enumerated in the eighth section ot the Constitution,
that the number of volunteers whose services may be
accepted, pursuant to this act, shall not exceed ten thou-
sand rank and rile, and that this act shall continue and be
in force for two years from the end of the present session
of Congress, and no longer- And provúcd also, That
nothing herein contained shall lie so construed as to deprive
the officers and men who mav have entered the service as
volunteers under this act ot any ngtltj, immunities, or priv-
ileges therein secured.'']
Mr. WHITTLESEY had moved to strikeout
the fourth section; which was in the following
words:
Ssc. 4. And be it further enacted, That in case any
volunteer above mentions^ while in actual service, shall
sustain any damage, bj injury done to hi  horse, or such
other equ'pment as shall have been furnished at his own
expense, or bv loss of the same, withom any fault or neg-
ligence on his pari, a reasonable sum, to be a-certaiued in
such manner as the President of tlie United States may
direct, shall be allowed and paid to such volunteer, for each
and every such damage or loss.
These amendments were severally concurred
in.
The following additional sections were reported
by the Committee of the Whole:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That There sball be
rawed and organized, under the direction of the President
| of the United otates, one additional regiment of dragoons
or mounted riflemen, to be composed ot the same number
and rank as the officers, no:i commissioned officers, musi-
cians, and privates, composing the regiment ot dragoons
now in the service ot the United States,, who shall receive
the same pay and allowances, be subject to the same rules
and regulations, anJ be engisedforthe hkc term, and upon
the sime conditions in all respects whatever, as are stipu-
lated for the said regiment of dragoons now in service.
Ssc. 8. And be it Jurther enacted, That the sum of
$300,000, required to carrj into effect the provisions of this
act, is hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwi o appropriated.
On the question of concurring with the com-
i mittee in this amendment,
Mr. HOWELL asked for the yeas and nays,
as he wished to record his name against it; and
on ordering them to be put, there appearing—
| aves 24, noes 61, no quorum—
1 'Mr. ASHLEY moved a call of the House,
■ which was ordered; and on going through the
I first call, one hundred and thuty-three members
( answered to their names.
I Air. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, them moved to
dispense with the further proceeding of the call.
Lost.                                                                              |
Mr. VINTON moved that tlie House adjourn.
Lost—ayes 50, noes 71.                                             ,
Mr. ASHLEY moved that the further proceed-
ings of the call be dispensed with. Lost; and the
call was proceeded with.
Several other members answered to their
names.
Air. BOON said an experience of several years
had taught him that a call of the House could
never be carried out, and he therefore moved that
the fui tlu r proceedings of this call bo dispensed
with.
Mr. CLUBORNE, of Mississippi, moved
that the House adjourn.
Air. LANE asked for the yens and nays; which
were ordered) and were—yeas 3(i, nays 108; so
the House refused to adjourn; and the question
recurring on Mr. Boon's motion,
Mr. ADAMS asked leave to move a suspen-
sion of all the rules of the House, in order to
take up the joint resolution of the Senate for ad-
journing on the 23d of May.
The CHAIR decided the motion to be out of
order pending the taking of a question before the
House.
The motion of Mr. Boon was then agreed to,
and the further proceedings of the call dispensed
with.
Tho question then recurred on Mr. Howell's
call for the yeas and navs on tho two additional
sections; which were ordered.
Mr. HAWES then moved to add a proviso to
the bill, providing that not more than one third
of the officers of said corps should bo taken from
those educated at the public expenso nt the West
Point Academy, in the State of New York. Mr.
H. briefly addressed the House on the subject of
the West Point Academy, and the great injustice
' done to the citizens of "the West by excluding
them from appointments in the Army, and con-
ferring them exclusively upon the graduates of
that institution.
Mr. ASHLEY «aid a few words in favor of
the original amendment, and the necessity of its
i immediate passage. Mr. A. had the highest con-
fidence in the Piestdent of the United States in
the organization of this corps, and preferred leav-
ing the appointments to him; and therefore' saw
no necessity for the restrictive clause proposed by
the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. HAWES was as desirous as the gentle-
man from Missouri that this corps of dragoons
should be raised, but he was opposed to the selec-
tion of all the officers frotnthe West Point Acad-
emy, though he was willing to give them a third.
The education derived at that institution was
found to be of little service in a campaign against
the Indians; and, for himself, he thought a corps
of women would be as serviceable against Indians
as a corps of West Point graduates.
Mr. WARD remarked that the gentleman from
Kentucky seemed to haveforgotten thata majority
of the officers of General Dodge's regiment of
dragoons were selected from citizens of the West.
Mr. W. also warmly advocated the passage of
this bill, which had been examined, and was
highly approved of by the War Department. He
hoped the question of appointment would not
I then be entered into, for it would have the effect
of delaying the passage of a measure which had
the sanction of the most distinguished military
officers in the country. Mr. W. referred also to
General Jesup's recommendation of a similar
corps, in a letter from that officer to the Secretary
of War.
Mr. BOON was decidedly in favor of this corps
having the selection of their own officers, and he
wished such a condition could be annexed to it.
Though he had himself no particular objection
to the War Department sending West Point
graduates to the frontier, yet he knew they would
apt be well received there, and he was also con-
vinced that they were not well qualified by their
education to command or serve as mounted men.
Mr. EVERETT had another objection to the
amendment, that it conferred upon the President
the power of appointment without the advice and
consent of the Senate.
Mr. ADAMS contended that the proviso ought
not to be adopted, because it would conflict with
the Constitution of the United States, which con-
tained no restrictive clause as to the appointment
of officers of  the Army.    Moreover,  if   thai
I House could restrict the President as to those
whom he should not appoint, they could also
dictate to him those whom he should appoint, a
I power not belonging to that body-
After a few words from Mr. THOMSON, of
I Ohio, and Mr. MERCER,
