404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
ouerate as a forfintims of the title to the United States t
EtS,T, That said entry shall not be made; «the
reduced price, unless it is proved, under such regulations
atthé Se .etan ot the '1 rea-urv shall prescribe, that said
aw cant, at the dato of -aid entiv. was in pww«ion ot ,
raid ti act proposed to be entered, or cultivating the adjacent
tract.
\fter some remarks from Messrs. WALKER,
CLAY, WHITE, ROBINSON, and PORTER,
the question was taken on Mr. Walker's mo-
tion, and it was lost.
The question then recurring on Mr. Robinson s
amendment, Mr. Ewing, of Ohio, suggested to
him that he would obtain more favor for it by
addin<* the words " twelve and a half" after the
word°" dollar," which Mi. R. agreed to, and
modified Ins amendment accordingly.
Mr WHITE moved to amend the amendment
by providing that the person making the entry
should be the head of a family, and continue
to reside on the land for three years before re-
ceiving his patent; and that, in case he removes
from or transfers the land, it shall revert to the
United States; prefixing to it the first part of Mr.
Walker's amendment.
This motion was lost—yeas 80, nays 91; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs Benton, Buchanan, Crittenden, Hen-
dricks, King of Alabama, Knight, Linn, McKean, Man-
gum, Moore, Nicholas Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Ruggles,
Shcplev  Smi<"t, Walker, Webster, and White—20
\\\ is—Messrs Black, Brown, Calhoun, Clay, Davis,
Ewing of Illinois, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Grundy,
Hill,Hubbard. Kent, Morns, Naudain, Niles, Rives, Robbins,
Robinson, Southard, Tallmadge, and Tomlinson—21.
The question was then taken on Mr. Robin-
son's amendment; and it was rejected—yeas 16,
nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Benton, Black, Dans, Swing of mi-
nor*, Ewing of Ohio, Grundy, Hendricks, King of Alaba-
ma, Linn, Moore, Morris, Nicholas, Porter, Robinson,
Walker, and Webster—16
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clav,
Clavton. Crittenden, Goldsborough, Hilt, Hubbard, Kent,
King ot Georgia, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Nau-
dain, Poles, Preston, Prentiss, Rives, Robbins, Shepley,
Southard, Twift, Tallmadge, Tomlinson, and White—37.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and
the amendments made in committee being con-
curred in—
Mr. BROWN moved to strike out that part of
the first section of the bill which gives the ten
per cent, to the new States; and the motion was
rejected—yeas 11, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert, Hill,
Hubbard. King of Georgia, McKean, Mangum, Niles, Rug-
gles, and Shepley—11.
NAYS—Messrs Benton, Black, Calhoun, Clay, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis, Ewing of Illinois, Ewirg ot Ohio,
GoMsborough, Grundy, Hendncks, King of Alabama,
Knight, Leigh, Linn, Moore, Morns, Naudain, Nicholas,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Robbins, Robinson Sowth-
ard, Swift, Tomlinson, Walker, Webster, and White—29
Mr. BENTON moved to strike out the provision
in the bill giving twenty-five thousand acres of i
land to the State of Missouri; and, after a debate,
in which Messrs. WALKER, LINN, PORTER, !
and BENTON, took part, Mr Benton's motion '
was lost—yeas 6, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, King of Georgia, Morris, Niles,
Robinson, and Ruggles—6
NAYS—Messrs Black, Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clay,Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Ewing ot Illinois,Ewing
of Ohio, Goldsborough, Hendricks, Hill, Hubbard, Kent,
King of Alabama, Knight, Leigh, Linn, McKean, Mangum,
Moore, Naudain, Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Rives, Robbins,
Shepley, Swift, Tomlinson, Walker, Webster, and White—
34.
Mr. BENTON then offered the following
amendment, which he had submitted to the con-
sideration of the Senate some days ago:
To come after the words " net proceeds"—
which net proceeds shall be ascertained to be the balance
winch remains, alter deducting from the gross proceeds all
expenses for the jear on account of public lands, to wit:
1.  Appropriations for the general land office
2.  Appropriation for the survey or general's offices.
3.  Appropriations for surveying public lands.
4   Appropriations for salaries, and commissions to regis-
ters and receivers.
5   appropriations for annuities to Indians on account of
the purchase of lands
6   Appropriations for holding treaties for the purchase of
lands
7   Appropriations for amounts paid within the year for
the extinction of Indian tules.
8   Appropriations for removing Indians from the lands
purchased trom them
9. Appropriations for the five per centum allowed by com-
pact to the States in which the lands lie.
After a debate, in which Messrs. BENTON,
EWING, MORRIS, PORTER, CLAY, LINN,
WRIGHT, WHITE, and BUCHANAN, took
part—
Mr. EWING said he had no objections to the
amendments, except to those which proposed to
deduct the Indian annuities, and the sums paid
for the extinguishment of Indian titles; and the
question was taken on the several amendments
with the above excpptions, and they were carried
without a division.
After some remarksfrom Messrs. WEBSTER,
WRIGHT, and BENTON, the question was
taken on the clause of the amendment proposing
to deduct the amount of annuities paid to Indians
for the purchase of lands; which amendment was
rejected—yeas 18, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ronton, Brown, Cuthbert, Ewing of Illi-
nois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King of Alabama, King ot
Georgia, Linn, Morris. Niles, Rives, Ruggles, Shepley, Tall-
madge, Walker, and Wnght—18
NAYS—Messrs Black, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Clay-
ton, Crittenden, Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Hen-
dricks, Kent, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Moore,
Naudain, Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Robbuis,
Southard, Swift, Tomlinson, Webster, and White—27.
The question was then taken on the clause of
i the amendment deducting the expensesof holding
Indian treaties for the purchase of lands; which
was lost—yeas 18, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Benton, Brown, Cuthbert. Ewing of Illi-
nois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbird, King of Alabama, King of
Georgia, Linn,Morris,Niles Rives, Ruggles, Shepley,Tall-
madge, Walker, and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Buchanan, Clav, Clavton, Cnt
tenden, Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsboiough, Hendricks, I
Kent, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Mangum,Moore, Naudain,
Nicholas,  Porter, Prentiss,  Preston, Robbins, Southaid,
Swift, Tomlinson, Webster, and White—26
The next clause of the amendment, deducting
the amount paid to Indians for the purchase of
lands, was also rejected—yeas 19, nays 26; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Cuthbert, Ewing of Illi-
nois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King ot Alabama, King of
Georgia, Linn, Morris, Niles, Rives, Robinson, Ruggles,
Shepley, Tallmadge, Walker, and Wnght—19
NAYS—Messrs Black, Buehamn, Clay, Clayton, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Hendricks,
Kent, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Moore, Naudain,
Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Robbins, Southard,
Swift, Tomlinson, Webster, and White—66
The last clause of the amendment, deducting
the amount expended in the removal of Indians
from the lands put chased, was also rejected—yeas
17, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Benton, Brown, Cnthbert, Ewing of Illi-
nois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King of Georgia, Linn, Morris,
Niles, Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley, Tallmadge, Walker,
and Wright—17
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Buchanan, Clay, Clayton, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Gmdsborough, Hendricks,
Kent, King of Alabama, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Majignm,
Moore,Nandiin. Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston,Rives,
Robbins, Southard, Swift, Tomlinson, Webster, and White
—28.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading—yeas 25, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Black, Buchanan, Clay, Clayton, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Hendricks,
Kent, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Naudain, Nich-
olas, Porter, Prentis , Preston, Robbins, Southard, Swift,
Tomlinson,.Webster,and White—25.
NAYS—Messrs Benton, Brown, Calhoun, Cuthbert,
Ewing ot Illinois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King of Alabama,
King of Georgia, Linn, Moore, Morns, Niles, Rives, Robin-
son, Ruggles, Shepley, Tallmadge, Walker, and Wright—
[The debate of this day will be given in fullas
soon as the leporters can prepare it.]
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesdat, «íprií 27, 1836.
The resolution heretofore reported by Mr.
Owens , from the Committee of Ways and Means,
making the bill in relation to the deposits of the
public moneys the special order for the first Wed-
nesday in May, provided the appropriation bills
should be previously disposed of, &c, was taken
up.
Mr. WHITTLESEY moved that it be post-
poned to this day week.
Mr. OWENS hoped the resolution would not
be postponed, but would be adopted. As the
day named had been set apart for the consider-
ation of bills in relation to the District of Colum-
bia, he would move to amend the resolution by
inserting the second Monday, instead of the first
Wednesday in May.
The amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIR íemaiked, that an amendment
had been offered to the resolution onnformci day
by the gentleman from Vnginia, [Mr. Wise]
The same amendment had also been offucd to
the resolution of another gentleman fiom Vir-
ginia, [Mi. Droaigooie,] and that one of the
amendments was out of order.
Mr. WISE said, his object was simply to get
his resolution before the House, and, having suc-
ceeded in doing so on another occasion, he would
withdraw his amendment to the present proposi-
tion.
The resolution was then postponed to this day
week.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
Mr.DROMGOOLE moved to suspend the mies
forthe purpose of pi oceeding in the con side íaüon
of his resolution, calling on the Stcietaiy of the
Treasury for information in relation to the public
deposits, &c.; which was negatived.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. REED, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas
B. Parsons; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee of
Claims, reported the following bills; which weie
read twice, and committed:
A bill for the relief of Anne W. Johnson;
A bill for the relief of Frances Gaidiner;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Mooers;
A bill for the relief of Eh Horton; and
A bill for the relief of M. Geltson, executor of
David Geltson, deceased.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the same commit-
tee, reported the following resolution; which was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be instructed
to inquire into the expediency ot allowing interest on all
claims against the United States which may be finally
sanctioned by Congress on the s ime proof on which they
were reported in those cases, in winch Congress shall not
finally act on the bills at the session they have been, or shall
be, repotted, the said interest to commence from tile close
of the said session.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported with amendments the bill
from the Senate to suspend the discriminating
duties on goods imported m vessels of Portugal,
and to reduce the duties on wines; which was com-
mitted.
AFFAIRS OF TEXAS.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, moved
to suspend the rules until one o'clock, to enable
him to offer the following resolution, and have it
disposed of.
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House all the information
m his possession, not incompatible with the public interest,
concerning the present condition ot Texas; it  political
organization; the character of the wir now waged there,
and especially any information he miyhave as to the mas-
sacres said to have been lately perpetrated; and that he will
also (if in bis judgment not inexpedient) communicate to
tins House any correspondence m po-session of the War
Department in relation to the piobabihty of Indian hostili
ties on the Texan frontiers
Mr. THOMPSON asked forthe yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend; which weie oidered,
and were—yeas 67, nays 109; as follows:
Y'EAS— Messrs. Adams, Ash, Bell, Boyd, Buchanan,
Bunch, Bynum, John Calhoon, Cambreleng, Campbell,
Carter, Casev, John Chambers, Chapman, Nathaniel H.
Claiborne, John F. H. Claiborne, Cleveland, Corlee, De-
berry, Denny, Dickson, Forester, French, James Garland,
Glascock, Graves, Griffin, Hannegan, Hardin, Samuel S.
Harrison, Albert G Harrison, Hanes, Haynes, Henderson,
Holsey, Hopkins, Janes, Joseph Johnson, Richard M.
Johnson, Henry Johnson, John W Jones, Kmnard, L ne,
Lansing, Luke Lea, Maury, McCoinas, Miller, Morgan,
Page, Pettigrew, Pickens, Ripley, Roane, Robeitson,
Rogers, Shields, Spingler, Speight, Standefer, Steele,
Storer, Thomas, Waddy Thompson, White, Sherrod Wil-
liams, and Wim<-67.
NAYS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Heman Allen, Anthony,
Bailey, Barton, Beal, Bean, Beaumont, Bockce, Bond,
Borden, Bouldm, Bovee, Bngg«, Bum , William B Cal-
houn, Carr, George Chambers, Chaney, Chapín, Childs,
Clark, Coles, Connor, Corwin, Craig, Crane, Cushman,
Darlington, Dickerson, Doubleday, Dromgoole, Dunlap,
Evans, Everett, Fairfield, Farlin, Fowler, Frv, Pinto C.
Fuller, William K. Fuller, Gillet,Granger,Grayson. Haley,
Joseph Hall, Harlan, Harper, Hawkins, Hazelune, Heister,
Hoar, Howard, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, William
Jackson, Jabez Jackson, Jarvi , Cave Johnson, Kennon,
Kilgora,  Klingenamith,   Lawrenes,  Lay,  Gideon  Lee,
