18S0J
TH XX)NGRE88fO?íAL GLOBS.
¿As*
Lee, Leenttrt, Lincoln, !•«*•, Wrsall, AbJjaa |
Mann, JoeManii.Wilhasa Ma*oa,MemMa aa,£afiu üa >
Noon, May, McKay, McKenaan, Meinm, McLene, Mer-
cer, M >rc, Morn . Owcn-s, Parks, Patterson, Franklin
Pierce J-ime* V Pcaree. Phcíp , PhtfH *. Pinckncy, Reed,
Rencher. Ro«wll. Sehenetc, gi'inwi, Sickles, Smith, Suth-
erland, Taliaferro, Join  ritompsos, Toucey, Turnll, Vin-
ton, Ward, Web-ter, Whittlesey, and Lewis Williams—
10©.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
"Mr. FRENCH asked the indulgence of the
House to take up, for the purpose of making it
the special order for the morning hour of_ Wed-
nesday next, the bill, extending the provisions of
the pension act of 1832.
Objections being made, Mr. FRENCH moved
to suspend the rulés, to enable him to submit his
motion. He thought the worthy band of Indian
fighters for whoat tnis bill provided ought at least
to have a hearing, if nothing more.
The House refused to suspend the rule, with-
out a count.
SURVEY FOR A CANAL.
Mr. MERCER, instructed by the Committee
•a Roads and Canals, moved to take up the fol-
io wi or resolution, heretofore offered by Mr.
Ha  :
■Jtssssssy That there be pruneds>etBi> s sjdeitracopies
of Captain Williams's report of a survey of a canal mate
connecting the waters of Lakes Ene and Ontario, made by
him during the summer of 1835, together with the accom-
panying maps.
The House having agreed to take up the reso-
lution, Mr. MERCER moved to amend it by
striking out" five thousand "and inserting " three
thousand;" which was agreed to.
The resolution, as «mended, was then adopted.
ALEXANDRIA AQUEDUCT.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee oa Roads
and Canals, reported the following resolution;
which was considered, and agreed to:
Reiofaei Tint the Oeeretary of War be directed to lav
•Wore th« House a copy of • recent report of Captain Tor 
ball, of the corpa of Engineers, o  the «orveyaw* eon UiM-
uoaof the Aletaodna nqoedact aereas the mv«r fotomac,
in the District of Columbia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MBRCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reportad the following resolution;
which was considered, and adopted:
Raolrei, That the Committee of the Whole, to Whom I
was refrrred a lull to improve the harbor of Bt. Louis, be
Sssebanred from the farther cttosidefatrao thereof, and that
the same be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
sUteof the Union.
Mr. CONNOR, irona the Committee on the
Poet Office and Post Roads, reported a bul to es-
tablish certain poet roads, and to alter and discon-
tinua others, and for other purposes; which was
read twice, and committed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com- !
raittee on Military Affairs, reported the follow- i
ing bills; which were read twice, and.committed :
A bill for the relief of Major James H. Hook; '
•ad
- A bUl for the relief of the heirs of captain Jesse
Copelaad.                                                                    j
. Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee of  j
Oarma, reported a bill for the relief of John M.   !
OUver; which was read, twice and committed.      i
Mr, WEBSTER gave notice that he would,
as soon as the Journal should be read on to-mor-
row, move to procoed to the consideration of bills  ,
on their third reading upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. RENCHER asked the consent of the
House to submit a resolution, requiring the Cora-
■uasioner of the Public Buildings to cause the
dirt upon Pennsylvania avenue to be removed.    ,,
Objection  being made, Mr. R. moved to sus-  i
pend the rules for the purpose stated; which was
negatived—aye* 102, noes 53, two-thirds being
necessary.           
Unfavorable reports upon several petitions were
ande by Messrs. CHAPÍN, P. C. FULLER,
and TALIAFERRO.                                         ""
> Mr. CHAPÍN, from the Conunitte on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an unfavorable report upon
the petition oí the heirs of Jonathan Knight,
deceased.
SBRVICBS  Of VOLUNTEER .
On motion of Mr. THOMAS, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the orders of the
sky.
The bilí to authorise the President of the
United 8tates tt> accept the service of volunteers,
and fbr raising an additional regiment of dra-
goons or mounted riflemen, was read the third
time, and passed.
AFFAJRS  OF  TEXAS—AGAIN.
Mr. LEWIS asked the consent of the House
to permit him to record hie vote in favor of sus-
pending the rules, to finable the gentleman fron 
South Carolina [Mr. Thompson] to offer his
resolution in reference to the affairs of Texas.
it waa objected to.
ADMISSION OS" ARKANSAS, ETC.
Some conversation took place between Messrs.
VINTON, THOMAS. SPEIGHT, MERCER,
BELL, STOR ER, SUTHERLAND, JUDSON,
and the CHAIR, in reference to the mode of pro-
ceeding, &c, upon the burs from the Senate to
i establish the northern boundary of Ohio, and for
the admission of Michigan and Arkansas; when—
The bill for the admission of Arkansas into the
Union, and to provide for the due execution of
the laws o{ the United States within the same,
and for other purposes, was read twice.
Mr. PATTON moved that the bill be post-
poned to, and made the special order for, next
Tuesday week, from one o'clock, and on each
succeeding day until disposed of.
Mr, THOMAS hoped the gentleman would
include in his motion the bills in relation to the
northern boundary of Ohio, and for the admis-
sion of Michigan.
Mr. PATTON accepted die modification so
far as to include the Dill for the admission of
Michigan. He supposed there would be no ne-
cessity or occasion for acting on the bill fixing
the northern boundary, as that question was em-
braced in the Michigan bill.
Mr. THOMASdesired that the other bill should
also be included, as otherwise it would be impos-
sible to obtain a vote of two-thirds.
Mr. EVANS objected tathe motion as modified,
as out of order. The bill for the admission of
Arkansas had been read twice, and it was not in
order to connect it with any other bill.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to commit the Arkansas
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; but mi the suggestion of Mr. Vintow,
that if the House proceeded with the special order,
I pendius this motion, it would give precedence to
i this bill to-morrow morning, Mr- 8. withdrew
his motion for the present.
The hour of one having arrived, the CHAIR
announced the special order of the day.
Mr. THOMAS moved to suspend the rule, in
order to enable him to submit a resolution, setting
apart Tuesday week, at the hour of one o'clock,
and each succeeding day, (so long as might be ne-
cessary,) for the consideration and final disposi-
tion of the following bills from the Senate :
A bill to establish the norther  boundary line,
of the State of Ohio;
A. bill to establish the northern boundary of
the State of Ohio, and to provide for the admission
of Michigan into the Union upon the conditions
therein expressed: and
A bill for the admission of Arkansas into the
Union, and to provide for the due execution of
the Jaws of the United States within the same, and
for other purposes.
Mr. HARDIN asked for the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules; which were or-
dered.
Messrs. HARDIN and WILLIAMS of Ken-
tucky were in favor of dividing the question, so
as to take the vote upon suspending the rules in
reference to making each of the bilis the special
order as proposed.
The CHAIR said it was not in older to call for
a division, until the rules were suspended. It
would then be. competent, if insisted on, to take
the question separately in reference to each bill.
The question was then taken on suspending the
rules, which was decided in the negative, notiwo-
thirds voting in the affirmative, as follows':
tTOAg JtMsm. Anthony, Ashler, Batten, Beat, Bean,
catunont, Bockee Bond, Boon, fiouldia, Bovee, Boyd,
uchanaa, Barns, Bynum, Carubreleng, Carr, Casey^CST
ney. Chapman, Chapín Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Job* F. H.
Claiborne, O1evelJBrf,0«*ee, Coles, Conner. Corwm,Oissg,
Cramer, CreneyCushman, Dicltsefr, Doeblnday, Dromgools,
r r hn
*l
Joseph Hall, Hamer, Hanaegan, SaarotfsCllerrTsOn, Alberi
G. Harrison, Ha wee, Hawkins, Ilaynes, HermesMU, Hoi-
sey, Hopkins, Howard, Huntingdon, Huntsman, Ingham,
Jabas Jackson, Jarvis, Joseph Johnson, Bicbard M. John-
son, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Benjamin Jones, Ken-
non, Kilgore, Klmgerrsmith, Lane, Lansing, Lnwler, Gideon
Lee, Joshua Lee, Leonard, Loyal), Abyah Mann, Job
Mana, Manning, Martin, John Y. Mason, William Maso ,
Moses Mason, May, McKay, McKeon, McKim. McLen ),
Miller, Moore, Morirán, Muhlenberg, Owens, Parks, Pat-
terson, Patton, Dutee J. Pearee, Phelps, John Reynolds,
Roane, Rogers. Scbenck, Seymour,Shif Ids, Sickles, Sloans,
Spaagler, 9p9tght,e>torer, SuU)er|aud,Tayior, Thomas, John
Thomson, Toucey .Towns, Turnll, Vinton, Was ener, Ward,
Webcter, and Whittlesey—124.
NAYS-Messrs. Adams, ChtKnn Allen, Hernán AHsn,'
Art, Bailey, Bell, Borden, Brings, Eonch, John Colboon,
William B. Calhoun, Campbell, Carter, George Chamber ,
John Chambers, Chtlds, Clark, Deberry, Denny, Evans,
Everett, Forester, William K. Fuller, Granger, Graves,
Grayson, Griffin, Hlland HaU, Hardin, Harlan, Harpnt,
Hardline, Heister, Hoar, Hunt, Ingersoll, William Jack-
son, Jases, Henry Johnson, Lawrence, Lay, Luke Le ,
Standefer, Steele, Taliaferro, Underwood  Washington,
White, Lewis Williams, Sherrod Williams, aad Wise—69.
1    ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, and in
further execution of the special order of the 26th
of January last, the House resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Mason, of Virginia, in the chair,)
and took up the bill making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year 1836.
The billhaving been read through by the Clerk,
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to amend the
following section: " For the armament of the fore
tifications, $900,000," by striking out this sum
and inserting #1,224,301. Mr. C. sent to the
Clerk's table a letter from the Secretary of War,
dated January 21, 1836, inclosing the estimate*
on which the amendment was founded; which)
was read. He also informed the House that ha
had moved the amendment under the instruction,
of the Committee of Ways and Means, This
was the first motion he had made with reference}
to the disposition of the surplus revenue, and it
was due to himself to state his views at length,
Mr. C. then proceeded to reply to the speech of
Mr. Bell on the naval bill, He regretted that
the presidio  officer of the last Congress should
have entered into a controversy about the pro-
ceeding  of the last night of the session, Mr, C 
defended himself from the charge of Mr. But. in
relation to Mr. C.'s "assumption" that tb^ers
was no quorum at a particular moment of that
night. He knew it from the yeas and nays.
The then Speaker himself also knew there was;
no quorum, and the Journal evidenced the fact,
Mr. C. also vindicated the course of the presero)
Committee of Ways and Means, in reply to the)
i charge of Mr. Bell, that the appropriation bills
had been unnecessarily delayed. There had not
been an instance, fbr forty years, when so many
of the ordinary appropriation bills had been «a*
ported within fifteen days from the time the cqmt
ntitfees were announced. He adverted, in reply,
to the course of the gentleman from Tennesaes
himself on the ordinary naval bill, containing
appropriations for all parts of the world, which)
in times of high party excitement, was generally
passed without > the slightest embarrassroen¿.
That bill was retarded for several weeks by a.
motion of the gentleman to reduce the approprjr
ations for navy-yards one half, in order i« say*
1300,000 in the, exigency of a war witp Franee.
After this had been debated for some time, the
gentleman from Tennessee took another ground),
and made a notion to reduce an item from 46?,000
Co 433,500, which was discussed at great length,
the gentleman himself speaking four days upon
it) and then he refused to vote on hi/own motion.
A gentleman from Vermont [Jfcfr. - $2*1*9*]
moved to reduce the same item to 44,000, and
then the gentlemen from Tennessee declared that
that motion he himself intended to mato 
Mr. C. then adverted to the proposition of JM?V
Mebo r,, to engraft-upon.the civil liat^jprppoa -
tio  to distribute the surplus revenur^MSd «« -
granulated the country upon the. ftatjteesByM «
the wtriows attempt  to, ngtrm ••!§  rfiSP*6? .*■
evinced by tit  re«$ oi ^«Isep^SjiVirgwSrt
CotHMc4c«t, «nd Rhode b¡**4>    Mr. C. also
