Mj*w'
1W© 0#)l^jnD9BK3IM4i; ííIXJHH:
41 
TIm esramfttee hat mis$esK*ÍT*d'4kefact*vth*
beques* was to the United «vates of Amem* 1©
found aximversrtv in the District of Columbia,
wider the title of the "Smithsonian University;"
and the execution of the term  of the legttsy wast
to redound to the purposes erf the donatio*, which
was for the benefit of all mankind. It «as gen 
eral in it* terms, and not limited to * • District of
Columbia-, it «as for the benefit of the United
Sums, and could not be received by Congres*.
Mr, LEIGH said he voatd thank tike gentle*
mart to inform the Senate that the rnport he had
referred towatfmade it) the Hoot* of Represent*
ativea, and not by a conmtiute of the 8enate.
The reportef the Senate's committee waaarmply
a statement of matters of fact. ~ Mr. I*, explained
the provisions of the will, which were- simply
these: The testator, Jamen Smtobjseti, bequeathed
to his nephew, James Henry Hengerford;« Jef-
frey of *100,000 stérimgi providing that, if Mr:
HWogerferd dMtold die without children, the
legacy should imlre to the United States, for the
purpose oflbaftdwg, at the eity ef Washington,
an institution for the increase of knowledge
affloag tnen, to be called the Smithsonian Uni-
versity, and the Government had received inform-
ation frota the American eonfut at London, that
Mr. Hungéribrd ha* lately died without ever
having been married, and without leaving any
children. It now became necessary (Mr. Li
said) for Congress to determine whether it was
competent far the United State  to receive this
money; and if they should receive it, te fake
measure*- for carrying the intentions ef the tes-
tator inta effect. The committee te whom this
subject had been referred were all of opinion,
with the exception of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. PhesTow,} that it was proper
for the United States to receive this money.
They had not considered the question at ail,
whether it was in the power of Congress to estab-
lish a national «Diversity; nor was it necessary
they should do so. They looked upon this be-
truest an having been made simply for the benefit
ef one of the «Hies Of the District of Colombia,
of which Congress was the constitutional guard-
ián, and could receive and apply the money in
that form. Congress was the paren  potrws of
the District of Columbia, in the sense laid down
by Blaekstone- -a power which necessarily 'be-
longed to every Government—and could therefore
very properly receive this trust for * charitable
purpose m the District of Columbia. Congress
Kad in met exercised this' power of parent  patria
Of the District in the establishment ©fan orphan *e
court, in the erection and support Of a peniten-
tiary, and could create an establishment to take
care of lunatics; and, indeed, if it did net possess
this power, in what a deplorable condition weald
this District be! The States ef Maryland and
Virginia undoubtedly possessed this power; and
of course Cong-res* derived it *« to the District
from their deeds of éfesskm. fie did not look
upon this legacy to be'fbt the benefit of the United
States, hut for the benefit of orie of the cities
of the District, over whieh Congress wan guard-
ian, and he had therefore no difficulty in voting
tor the biU.
Mr. PRESTOS0 was airare of thé-deeieion of
the Supreme Court cited by the Senator fftml Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Lmcs.J that the people of this JEHé-
trict might be taxed without representation; and
he had no doubt that these corporations eoultl
exercise a trust—but this waif not a trust to the
feity of Washington. The United State  was the
cmíbí que trast, and not the city of Washington.
The corporation of the city of Washington could
not 'enforce this claim in a court of chancery in
itogland. If an institution of the kind was de-
sired, he would prefer it to be established out of
our Own funds, and not have Congress pande? to
the paltry vanity of any individual, tf they* ac-
cepted this donation, every whippersnapper vag-
abond that had been traducing our country might
thuikjProper to have bJs name dlstinguishedm
the same way. It was not consistent, with the
d^nity ,of the(£otintry to accepteven the «¿nt
or a man of ridble birth, or lineage.
Jar. CLAYTON said'the Senator fVóm "South
Carolina [Mr. CalÍoüN] had considered thinks
a donation to the United States. It was not so.
The United States was merely named in the will
*rtrrt truste*,* a d w«a todeearova bssttfawAat-
«r W.' Itwnemerely R'*haritahleafcject tassmsV
lish « university in the District of Cohtothat.
They had established similar institution  within
•he District of Cohtmhia iiy a«ts of Congress/, arid
no onedoubted the powert to permit persons irum
other places to he educated in them.
Mr. CALHOUN said, if his memory served
him, there was opposition made to the passage
of those acts.
Mr. CLAYTON said he believed there was
aome objection made to the policy, but not to the
power of making the donation. It was to foe
mated, in the city of Washington, and persona
in this city would be more benefited by it than
any ethers.
i Mr. CALHOUN was of opinion that this dona-
tion was- made expressly to the United States.
I By reading the term* in wliieh the bequest was
i made, it waa impossible to conceive otherwise.
I The bequest was " t  the United States of Amer-
1 fed* for the purpose of establishing, at 4ke «its #/
W«M*$Un, an institution for the increase of
knowledge among men." Now, take «at the
words the "eity of Washington," and thedona-
tteh was etearry to the United States. The word*,
♦•«tie city of Washington," were only used te
¡designate the place where the university was to
j be established, and not by any stretch of the
meaning of language, to be. considered as making
the upnation to the city. He understood the Sen-
ators pn art hands to agxee that-it wtte not in the
power of Congress to establish a national univer-
sity, and they all agreed that they could establish
a university m the District of Columbia. Now,
on this •principle, they could not receive; the'be-
quest, for the District of Columbia was not even
named in it; the city of Washington being only
designated as the place where the university was
to he established, and the bequest, being expressly
made to the United States. He thought that,
acting under this legacy, would be as much the
es^Ushmeni ufa national university, as if they
appropriated money for the purpose; and he
would indeed much rather appropriate the money,
fbr he thought it was beneath the dignity of the
United States to receive presents of this kind
from any one. He could never pass through the
rotunda of the Capitol without having his feelings
emtraged,by.seeing that statue of Mr. Jefferson,
which hadbeen placed, there contrary to' their
consent.  ___
Mr. SOUTHARD said that the Senator from
{South Carolina was mistaken in saying thaleyerV
Senator agreed that it was not in the poller 0*
Congress to establish a national university* He,
for one, believed that Congress had the unques-
tionable right,to do so. This, however, diet not
involve the constitutionality of the question before
them,as,in his opinion, the most rigid construc-
tion Of the Constitution would not be adverse to
the b£tt, Congress had the safne right to estab-
lish this university, as they had to charter a c^l-
iegtrin Georgetowh or Alexandria.
* Mr. BUCHANAN believed thatConjwssfciia
,$e power, tp receive and apply this mop.e#;,to':tne
purposes intended by the testator, without involv-
ing the question whether they had the power to
establish a national university or not. There was
no question but that James Smithson, in his life-
time, had a right to establish a university at the
city ef Washington, and call it the Smithsonian
University; or a national university, if he pleased;
and Congress, by receivings ana applying- ,¿¡8
bequest, would only act as the trustee of the
city of, Washwgton*,'for- whose bene&f it was
made.      ,                    7 -"
, Mr. WALKER-won  not discm  the, ques-
tion whether* this was1 a national University,
because he believed that question, was not in-
volved. But he should vote for the bill oh the
ground that Congress would be dotttg manifest
injustice to ihe citizens of the city of Washing-ton
By refusing to accept the donation. It was true
that ft operated for the benefit of all mankind,
but not more so than a university established at
Princeton, of any-otrierplace. The Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr, Calhoov,] had said' tfiey
opghtto read the will ha if the words "'At Watrh-
lh§tonw were left out. He (Mr. W.) dM not
think*); they ought to read it jüst as H was ih
connection with tne whole, and give It ft* true
construction, whJHS%af5lik« the United States
was only designatedaajfee troapse^and the people
of the city of Washington had a right to. QlU upon
Congress as the representatives of the Umted
States toiexecutethe trust.
Mr. DAVIS said this man Smithson, it was
said, had devised ¿lOO.OftQ sierlingfor the estab-
lishment of a university in the city of Washing-
ton, to diffuse knowledge among men. It seemed
to be taken for granted that it was for the establish -
mentofauniversi'ty,althdughhebelievedthe word
university was not to he found in the will. He could
not infer why it was so construed, as there'were
other meatís of diffusing knowledge amorii* men
besides doing it through the medium of universi-
ties, and he therefore thought the discussion as
to the particular design of the wilt premature!.
He did not regard: it as a gift or bequest to the
Government. If he did, he would, have aJMhe
feelings evinced hy the Senator from Sout^ Car-
olina, (Mr. Pbjmton.J The testator had not
specified what special purpose it was to be ap-
táicd tOf.nor when the fund was to be used, and
Congress might defer using it Aintil it became
large enough to be- used advantageously to tbi
tirposes of diffusing knowledge among mankind,
tier denied the right to^stsMfht^tuÑversity,
ey denied the right to establish all institutiqns
of charity. The same question involved in this
was also involved in the incorporation of institu-
tions which had been incorporated hy them in
this District. The onlymiestion now under con-
sideration was, whether they should receive this
money. He would vote for it, and if they couH
pot devise sqme appropriate disposition of it after
it was received, he would be willing to send it
back by.the first return packet,        . .
Mr. C ALHOÜNaske A the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Davis] what construction he
would put upon the will if the words "<at Wash-
ington   had been left out of it ?
Mr. DAVIS replied, that he would put the same
construction on it then as he did now. His first
inquiry would bo, whether it was, for a charitable
purpose; and if there was.no power to establish
the institution ip any of the States, he would es-
tablish it in the District of Óotumbia; and if the
power tw establish it there was doubted,' he would
establish it in one Of the Territories. He deemed
the establishment <jf institutionsftr the diffusion
Ofktmwfedgfl a vitai principle of a republican
go*««unA «. They might as w*H say that de-
livering lectures in any of the'sciences was a
-national tatrattttkm'  «a to'«aH «Ms one.  '    '
Ml . FftSSTON- sale,-the de«larMio*i'<of tJm
Senator from New'Jersey £irír\ Sountatn] heid
satisfied'him that this wa* a national university.
There was no difference between a university m
the District of Cemmhft, for the benefit of all
mankind, and a national university.   That Sen-
ator had riot distinguished between the nower ef
erecting buildings, and the use to whieh they wefe
appropriated'. They had the power to erect beild-
i ings in toMf&tifítif patria, for the benefit of the
District of Colombia; they might erect buildings
for the maintenarteeof psaperS *f the District;
i butif the people of the District, in this1 case-, were
1 to have any benefit peculiar to the place, rt was
¡ ki the erection of the buildings alone.   He aslted
! If the buiMings of the Pest Ofltee DepartmeHt
i-were erected by Congress as the paren* pWr<* of
i *m? Distrkt^f Columbia? Had they the right,irs
I pare** p«tria Of the District oTCommbia:,to ereet
this buildingftflhe benefit,htiin&*i-gineri!jtirt\\fB
\ District,-when It was, in !fa«,'a general charhy
io thankifld, incbidrng the Confederacy, and not
cdrifiríéd to thé'í) triet of CelilmMa?' He was
¿gAinst thep^wer-innd wtfttld be agaihírl'mé pol-
icy, if meV«ad the'powerr
1    After some further'remalles'from  Messrs.
E.EK5M and PRESTON, the quest WH W mkem
abfderliig1 the WH to*e engídílse* lb* « third
ding; nn* decided in the afirmatiVe-^-yeaS 31,
nVjrs'f.tisfbB^ws'! ":   '''   ;,"r''
yijAS—Messr?. Sentón, éfíidf^ Bttqhanan,.CSray, ¿Isv-
ton, Crittenden, Ctrthbcrt, Dan*, Ewin^ of Ohio-, «?Mas-
ta>HM{aj. Gnmdy, H*mrrick , HeWxirt, Kent, King of AM-
-ksma, KsigW, LoWw- hixm,Mnii m, Uofm^MtaMm,
Vwhola*,rwter,Prentuw4firw9, RoM^,^earUsj¡it iflW 
nh
BM, KWl
^'The'SAufe^erllmjtJtrrtlel
(¡i f
