416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4.
1. ««ol«i«n<m«««oiy, That this Hoose hM received   ,
with deep regret, the melancholy intelligence of the death
of the Hon.'RirmRD 3- Mining, a Representative of |
the State of South Carolina.
•> Reared unanimously. That this House tender the *x-
orr-ioii of their sunpatJiy to the relatives ot the deceased,
upon this mournful event, and that in testimony ot their
ri "n t for hn lo*s, and respect for Ins memory, the members
«7ll wear crape on the left arm for thirty dajs.
The resolutions were agreed to unanimously.
Mr. PINCKNEY moved that a message be
sent to the Senate, informing that body of the
death of the Hon. Richard J. Manning.
The CHAIR remarked that such a message
would be sent to the Senate as a matter of course.
On motion of Mr. PINCKNEY, the House
then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 4, 1836.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a list of contracts
entered into by his Department for the year 1836.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury in reply to a resolution of the Sen-
ate, relative to the compensations of the clerks in
the Executive Departments,giving it as his opin-
ion that the salaries of the clerks below $1,400
ought to be increased.
Also, a report from the Treasury Department,
in addition to the one heretofore sent in reply to
the resolution introduced by Mr. Ewing, relative
to the deposits of the public moneys and the
transfers of funds from the west to the east; and,
on motion of Mr. Hubbard, one thousand ex-
tra copies were ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
Caspar W. Weaver, praying to be further com-
pensated for his services in macadamizing Penn-
sylvaniaavenue; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. PORTER presented the petition of Cap-
tain Daniel T. Patterson, of the United States
Navy; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of J.
T. Berber, of Philadelphia; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of
sundry merchants of New York, praying that
the office of measurer may not be abolished; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented the petition
of the Trustees of the University of Florida;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WHITE presented the petition of the
widow and children of Emanuel Tritchell, pray-
ing for confirmation of title to a tract of land
.given to Tritchell by the Caddo Indians; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a presentmentof
the grand jury of the circuit court of the United
States for the eastern district of Pennsylvania,
recommending in strong terms the erection of a
court-house, public jail, and penitentiary, by the
United States, at the city of Philadelphia; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHEPLEY presented the petition of Payne
Perry, praying for arrears of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Messrs. EWING of Ohio, and MORRIS pre-
eented several petitions, praying the aid of Con-
gress in the construction of the Zanesville and
Maysville road; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ROBBINS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported, without amendment, the bill
from the House for the relief of Andrew Arm-
strong.
On motion of Mr. PRENTISS, the Committee
on Public Lands was discharged from the further
consideration of the petitions of Hanover College,
Indiana, and of the East Tennessee College.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported, with amendments, the bill from
the House making appropriations for the Indian
department for the year 1836.
On motion of Mr. EWING, of Ohio, the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was discharged from the
I further consideration of the petition of Thomas
1 G. Brockett, and the memorial of sundry citizens
of Miami county, Ohio, praying that a preemption
may be granted to Isaac Stewart and others.
IMPROVEMENT OF HARBORS.
The bill makingappropriations for the improve-
ment of certain harbors, and for making certain
surveys, was read the third time, and passed.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
to purchase, for the use of the Senate, two hundred and
fifty copies of Burr's map ol the western and northern ter-
ritory oí the United States.
Mr. MANGUM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a mail route from VVinton, North Carolina, via Gates
court-house and Sunsbury, to Edenton.
Mr. CLAY submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Manufactures be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of so amending the-
existing laws as to subject all hemp imported into the United
States, from any place whatsoever, to the tame duty as
Russia hemp may be liable to pay for the time being.
Mr. SWIFT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That during the remainder of the session of
Congress the daily meeting of the Senate shall commence
at eleven o'clock, a. m., unless otherwise ordered.
SERVICES OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported without amendment the bill
to authorize the President to accept the services
of volunteers for the defense of the frontiers, and
said that, in the present condition of the country,
he felt it his duty to move that the Senate then
proceed to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, opposed the motion,
on the ground that this was the day set apart for
the final disposition of the land bill; and after
some remarks from Messrs. LINN, PRESTON,
CLAY, BENTON, PORTER, BUCHANAN,
and CLAYTON, Mr. Benton's motion was
ejected.
PROCEEDS OF  THE TUBLIC LANDS.
The bill to appropriate for a limited time the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands among
the States, and to grant land to certain States, was
taken up; when Messrs. WRIGHT and BEN-
TON severally addressed the Senate in speeches
of some length in opposition to the bill; after
which the question was taken, " Shall this bill
pass?" and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 25, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Black, Buchanan, Clay, Clayton, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Hendricks,
Kent, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Naudain, Nich-
olas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Robbins, Southard, Swilt,
Tomlinson, Webster, and White—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Callioun, Cuthbert, Ewing of
Illinois, Grundy, Hill, Kubbard, King of Alabama, King of
Georgia, Lmn, Moore, Morris, Niles, Rives, Robinson,
Ruggles, Shepley, Tallmadge, Walker, and Wright—20.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 4, 1836.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, reported on Friday by Mr.
W. B. SHEPARD,from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Buildings
be directed to have the du-4 scraped from the Pennsylvania
avenue between the Capitol and the President's square,
and that part of the avenue watered during the session of
Congress.
Mr. CONNOR asked for the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution; and, upon ascer-
taining whether they were ordered, it appeared
that only seventy-two members were in attend-
ance.
There being no quorum, Mr. HEISTER moved
a call of the House, upon which motion Mr.
BRIGGS asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and were—yeas 90, nays 27.
The Clerk commenced the call, when Mr. AL-
LAN, of Kentucky, moved that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be suspended; which was
agreed to.
The House then refused to order the yeas and
nays on the foregoing resolution.
The question being on the adoption of the
resolution,
Mr. PARKER was opposed to the resolution,
on the ground that it involved an appropriation
of money which he contended they had no right
to make in a resolution of this kind. This avenue
had been pronounced a nuisance by some gentle-
men. If so, he thought it strange that a propo-
sition should now be before the House for con-
tinuing this nuisance to Georgetown. He recol-
lected a resolution of this kind had been brought
before the House at a former session, and nega-
tived. Afterwards, however, he had observed
that the Commissioner of Public Buildings was
engaged in removing the dust; and, on inquiry,
Mr. P. had discovered that it was to be done by
a subscription of citizens residing on the avenue,
with the understanding that if Congress should
appropriate money to defray the expense, their
subscription was to be refunded. He thought it
was poor encouragement for them to make appro-
priations for the benefit of the city, if they were
to be told afterwards that those appropriations
only created nuisances.
Mr. BOULDIN advocated the adoption of the
resolution. He had spoken of the avenue as a
nuisance simply in this sense—that it raised adust
of a peculiarly distressing nature, and in great
quantities: and it was complained of by a large
number of the members of the House. He said
they had a bill before the House providing for a
continuance of the avenue to Georgetown, but
not such a one as was already made. If the
gentleman from New Jersey thought that the res-
olution ought to be joint, and would move so to
amend it, he would give it his support; but he
thought the appropriation was a small matter,
and ought to pass.
Mr. HARDIN had made a measurement of the
avenue, and stated that it could not be watered
for one hundred dollars per day. He said the
avenue originally had cost much more than it
ought to have cost; and he believed it was always
the way, that Uncle Sam paid more for his work
than other persons. He contended that watering
and scraping were impracticable, and hoped the
resolution would not pass. The avenue had
been made of soft stone, when there was good hard
material to be had in the neighborhood of the city;
and he would vote for a proposition to puta coat
of hard material over the avenue, which would pre-
vent the rising of the dust in future. He felt the
bad effects of the dust as muchas any gentleman,
and was willing to vote for curing it effectually—
which could be done for about fifteen thousand
dollars; but he could not vote for a resolution like
the present.
Mr. BRIGGS hoped the House would dispose
of this resolution, and not take up the time of the
House by discussing a proposition so unimport-
ant. The debate on this resolution had already
cost the country more than six hundred dollars,
when the scraping of the avenue could not have
cost more than three hundred and fifty dollars.
The gentleman from New Jersey, who liad such
nice notions of economy, had made a speech on
this proposition which had cost a hundred dollars.
Some gentlemen were in the habit, whenever they
rose to say anything in relation to matters of the
District, to say something against the people of
the District. He had, however, understood that
the resolution was reported at tfte suggestions of
members of the House, and not of citizens of
Washington. He would not take up further time
of the House ; but hoped they would speedily
dispose of the subject.
Mr. ROBERTSON moved to lay die resolu*;on
on the table.
Mr. HA WES asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; when
The motion to lay the resolution on the table
was decided in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 84.
On motion of Mr. THOMAS, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the orders of the
day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
