THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
FinsT Session*, 24th Cosgrxss.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 11, 1836.
Volume 3....No. 27.
from the Secretary of State, transmitting, in obe- ¡
dience to a resolution of the 11th ultimo, a state-
ment of the names, duti. a, salaries, <tc., of the
several clerks employed in his Department; which
was referred to the Committee of Way  and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee,
similar communications heretofore received from
other Departments were also referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
i. n the Secretary of War, transmitting a state-
ment of the contracts entered into by the Depart-
ment for the year 1835, under the act of 31st
April, 1810.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS, ETC.
Petitions, Ac. were presented, on leave, by
Messrs. SHIELDS, BOND, and ANTHONY.
[Mr. Shields presented, and had referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
the petition of sundry citizens of the counties of |
Wayne and Hardin, Tennessee, praying the es-
tablishment of a post route from Waynesboro to .
Savannah, Tennessee.
Mr. Bo.vd stated that he had just received four
Memorials from a large number of most respect-'
able citizens of Rosa county, in the State of Ohio,
relating to an object of great importance to that
and other portions of that State, and the encour-
agement of which would, he believed, materially
promote the interest of the United States in the
construction, as proposed by a recent act of the
General Assembly of Ohio, of a turnpike road  i
from Zanesville, in Ohio, to Maysville, in Ken- '
tuck y, intended as a connecting link in the exten- '
•ion of the great western turnpike road from
Zanesville to Maraville and Lexington, in Ken-
tucky, U> Nashville, in Tennessee, Florence in
Alabama, and so on to New Orleans.   The me-
morialists pray the aid of Congress; and as the ,
subject is already before the Committee on Roads I
Canals, Mr. B. asked and obtained the spe- '•
rial permission of the House now to refer the
«aid memorials to that committee; and they were
referred accordingly.]
DEW FOST ROETES.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Michigan, it was
RaaheJ, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po>t Road i be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
utasiistuiuj a po l route from Warsaw, in Illinois, via Keo-
kaci, HVcaoim Territory,  fort Oes ¡lióme*.                 ¡
RtsilceA, That tue Committee on tile Poat Office and '
Post Bead* bs nutrncwa' to uiqaiie into the exnedMacy of
e-tabii Jiih; the I'aUowiag post road' la Michigan: Froto '
Detroit, in Wayne eoaaty, to Fort Gratiot, in St. Clair ,
eoaaty, oa she United «States military road; fren Mount :
Cteuwa*,!!! Maeoubemifty, to Lapeer, is l*aaeer county;
from Flriaouu  Come , in Wayne county, to Dexter, in
Wasbhiitnn couaty, through Saleta, Nor thfield, and Web-
ster ; from Monroe, in Monroe county, to Teetnaseb, in '
Leuatvee county, on the L>a Plaisauee bay read; from To- .
led , ia Mooroe county, to Adnia,in Lenaswc, through
WiMC ord and Palmyra; from Maumce, m Ohio, to Joaes-
rcported  the same, with  amendments to  those
proposed by the Senate; which were committed.
Mr. J. gave notice that he should call up the
bill at one o'clock to-day.
PATENTS FOR PUBLIC tAIVDS.
A bill from the Senate to give effect to patents
for public lands, issued in the* name of deceased
persons, was read twice.
Mr. VINTON briefly explained the provisions
of the bill, and offered an amendment to the same;
when—
After some   conversation   between Messrs.
THOMAS, BELL, and the CHAIR, upon a point
of order connected with the disposition of the
bill-
Mr. BOON moved that it be committed to the
j Committee on Public Lands; which was agreed to.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
The following joint resolutions and bills from
the Senate were read twice, and committed:
A joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
War to correct certain mistakes;
A joint resolution to change the time of making
contracts for the transportation of the mail;
A bill for the relief of Duncan L. Clinch;
A bill for the relief of Christopher T. Bailey;
i     A joint resolution to confirm the grants made
by Georgia of certain lands in Alabama;
A bill in addition to the act for the relief of the
[ legal representatives of George Hurlbut, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Gustavus B. Horner, deceased; and
!     A bill in addition to the act for the relief of the
I legal representatives of Lucy Bond and Hannah
Dónelas.
A bill amendatory of the act for the continua-
tion of the Cumberland road was read the third
tiaae.
Mr. MASON, of Ohio, entered into a history
.,.,„ ,.. .. .,„..... t~>.~— ,„„. «■„«....^>«„ .,„_„. ,, °f the facts connected with the location of the
aKaXMr7 B!rk^d°rS° th^- 1 g-J--* ««*   «fe, "fSTZÍ tÜSS
'                                                          *"    ' the change in the location of the road provided
far inane-bill under consideration.
Mr. CRANE replied to the views of his col-
league, and advocated the passage of the bill. Be-
fore he had concluded his remarks, the hour of
one arrived; and
The SPEAKER announced the special order
of the day.
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. THOMAS, on leave, moved that a sub-
committee of the committee appointed to inquire
into the affairs of the banks in the District have
leave to sit during the sessions of the House;
which was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, and in fur-
ther execution of the special order of the 26th of
January last, the Hotue resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the- Union,
_.                     ,    --        ..                         -----, —  . (Mr, Miiok, of Virginia, hi the chair,) and took
USí'Í^.T'Kí  k^,*"■Mt^mk couaty.' °? H? terri-  11  the " biH waking appropriations for the sup-
tonal rood; Iron) Detroit, in Wayne county,to Kent, in     ZjL. «#• ,u« A_«, <£..K -I.. lew* •                v
Kent county, by Uoweit; from CTmton, in Leaawee couaty,   I P°rt °* the Army for the year 183*.
to Kent, iu Kenteosmy, by Napoleon and Jacfcsonburg;        There were two motions pending; the "first by
from Ortdwater, in Branch «maty, to 8f- Joseph, hi B«r-  „ Mr. Camsbilekc to amend the bill in the ftRow-
«w«*s if>fcy Oeat vuteaiutCaMa>«bs4 f«fa Katasaa-    ¡_  clause- " for Ae armament of fortifications
a^,iaK«tainazoocoMty,t«IUIaiaaxxK>,inAtMÍancosn-    iVvLfSrr , i    -J .-   anBan*f*1 0I «ortmcauons,
ty, ¿y Alleawi; from Battle Creek, in CanrouneWatyTto   11®MfiQ0," by striking out this sum and inserting
Kent, hi Kent etranty, by Geloster; from Ana Arbor, ia   I $1,224,301.
Wasirtaasw eoanty, to Poateacfc, in Oakland county, by
Whitmore's Lake, Creen Oak. Lyoa,aad Walled Lake; [
froa  Battle Creek, ia Calheun county, to Schoolcraft, in 1
Kalamazoo eoamy, toy Climax prairie; from Bellevae, in
Eaton eoanty, to Middle Village, in Barry eoaaty, by Hast-
isfi; frosu Fort Dañaste*, in Ohio, to Adrian, ia Leaawee
county, by Canandaigna; from Michigan city, ia Indiana,
to Grand Haven, in Ottawa eoaaty, by New btnfalo, St.
Joseph, Kahusaa , is AMegna county, and Saagatuck, in
Ottawa county; from Iowa, in Iowa eoaaty, to Sangamon,
ia Saaganon coanty, by the swath of the Maple river;
from Schoolcraft to Gefcuter, by Kilsmiaoo, ia Kalamazoo
county.                                                                j
KAVT  APPROPRIATION BILL.      '
Mr. JAR VIS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom had been referred the amend-
menu of the Senate to the naval service bill,
27
The other motion was the following amend-
ment, submitted by Mr. Mmw: strike out the
whole clause, and insert;
For tse  sreha« or construction of a fodndery <br Ord-
nance at raen placea aa the Secretary of War, wiib the
approbation of tha President of tile United Stale , stay
«elect, and lor defraying the expenses of conducting tbe
operations of such fbundery for one year, including the
purchase of neecaaary tool  and mitten'sh, the mnn of
-------hundred thotuwsd dollars i and that tbe further son
of-.— hundred Uiousaud dolían be appropriated to taa
purcbaar of ordnance for immediate use.
Mr. MeCOfdAS was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMBRELENG rose and stated that in
consequence oí the intelligence recently received
from the South, and the heavy drafts required in
that quarter, it became indispensably necessary
that this bill should be acted on as promptly as
possible. With that \' >w, after the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. McComas] should conclude,
Mr. C. would withdraw the proposition then
pending, and introduce it into the fortification bill,
which would be the next bill taken up. There
were now no funds remaining for subsistence,
and none for the QuartermasterGp-neral's Depart-
ment, although the drafts from the South wors
very heavy for both these purposes. He hoped,
therefore, that the army bill, containing the ordi-
nary appropriations, with some unimportant
amendments—the amendments to the Navy bill
—would be passed that day, as to-morrow and
next day were set apart for the consideration of
business relating to the District of Columbia, with
which he had no wish to interfere.
Mr. McCOMAS then, in consequence of the
statement of the gentleman from New York,
waived his rijrht to address the committee.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then withdrew his amend-
ment.
Some conversation then took place between the
CHAIR.Mr. BELL,and Mr.CAMBRELENG,
as to whether the amendment proposed by Mr.
Mercca fell, as a matter of coarse, or was then
pending.
The question was put; and the amendment was
negatived, without a count.
The bill was then taken up by,sections.
Mr. HA WES inquired if the first section of
this bill included appropriations for the support
of t«e West Point Academy 
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied that it provided
not a cent for that institution, further than the
pay of such officers of the Army as were stationed
at West Point.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to increase the
clause—
For subeirtenc?, exclusive of that of officer , from
#370,400, to «495,4(10.
In explanation of the amendment, Mr. C. sent
to the Clerk's taWa a communication from the
Commissary General of Subsistence.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. HARDIN mo*ed to strikeout the follow-
ing clause:
For the payment pf the taxes for 1833, assessed by th«
State of Pennsylvania on the United States Arsenal, on the
Schuylkill river, (¡~i-ij.
\ Which motion, after some remarks from
I Messrs. INGERSOLL, HARDIN, HARPER,
j and CAMBRELENG, was agreed to.
Mr. MANN.of New York, moved to strike out
" Ac, dec.," in the clause forclothing;remnrking
that such words were dearly unconstitutional, or
at least irregular.
Mr. CAMBRELENG remarked that they were
not in the original bill, and they must have been
inserted by the Clerk or the Printer. The motion
was agreed to.
Mr, CAMBRELENG moved to insert tha fol-
lowing words after the forty-fourth line:
For extra clerk* in ttw offioe* of the aanrrermasters and
aasbtnuu at post* when their iituia  oaiiluoibi pjtftrmed
j without huch aid.
Mr. G. referred to a communication from the
(¡Quartermaster General on the-subject, and further
j explained that these clerks were only occasion-
j ally required at distant posts to keep aa aecoont
I of the supplies and transmissions: from one point
i to anotiier.                                                 '■
!     The amendment was then agreed to.
!    Mr, CAMBRELENGthen moved aa addition
of $4,000 to the clause ta meet this-object; winch
was also agreed to.
Mr. SEVIER moved to strike out tke fotlow-
in? clause:
'     for barrack , «aarters, store^hmiaes, hospital.?, sáfenos,
; cu;.,at or in the vicioity of í'ort Gih.cm,iii tu  Turritory
j of Arkansas, $30,030;
' and insert the following:
*  «sabNiia «mmtamutr a** Ws , «sdet tbe «rection
of tbe President of the Unlud States, to remove tbe. troops
