420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
pas', that they wore done with giving them-
selves books at the public expenso. It had boon
stand in the other House 1 y Mr. Johnson, ot
T< lino/wee, that it would take about one thousand
dollars to each member to put him on the same
footms, with respect to books, as the old mem-
bers, "lie was aware that it was an exceedingly
ungracious task to oppose giving the same books
to the new members that had been given to the
old, but the thing had been commenced two years
ago by his friend from Georgia, [Mr. King,]
who deserved the thanks of the country for call-
ing their attention to one of the grossest abuses.
This was one of the greatest impositions that had
ever come to his notice, with the exception, per-
haps, of one enormous and flagrant abuse—a
work that was to go on for years, to an unknown
extent, and then to be distributed to those who
were members of the Twenty-Second Congress.
He did not know whether it was proposed to
give copies to the legal representatives of such of
the members as have died, but it was certain that
they would, under the provision of the resolu-
tions, have a right to them. They might goto
the assignees of these members; and it had been
stated by the^Senator from Georgia, [Mr. King,]
that a member of Congress had sold to a book-
seller in this place, for ten dollars, his share of
that which was to cost the United States hundreds
of thousands of dollars.
Mr. B. here spoke of the uselessness of the
work proposed to be distributed, and the shameful
waste of public money in printing such a mass of
worthless matter. The principal part of the pub-
lication related to the preliminary proceedings in
investigating the titles of lands which were not
worthy of preservation, as everything relating to
land titles was merged in the patents which had
since been issued. There was (Mr. B. said) in
his office in this city,about five hundred volumes
of documents, which he apprehended cost the
Government far beyond §1,000, and he should
consider them a dear bargain at ¿100. He had, it
was true, voted at first for some of these books
till his attention was called to the subject; but,
since then, he had strongly resisted all such ap-
&ropriations. He presumed, as the books had
een printed and paid for, that they must be dis-
tributed, but he was opposed to that part of the
distribution whichreferred to their worthy selves,
and he would therefore move to strike out that
part of the amendment which gives one copy to
each member of Congress.
Mr. WEBSTER said the distribution would
be made in the usual way. The question involved
in the amendment was merely whether they
should be distributed as they were already or-
dered and paid for, or whether they should remain
in ihe lumber room. He hoped the amendment
would not prevail.
Mr. BENTON replied that they did well to
appropriate money for the transportation of these
books; for whoever they were to be sent to would,
cheap as transportation now was, hardly be
willing to pay for getting such useless lumber.
He had, therefore, no objection to paying for
sending them away, but he was opposed to giving
them to members of Congress. He would rather
give them away to anybody that would take them.
They might be useful to the grocers, if the leaves
had'not been cut; but as it was they were hardly
worth having to wrap a herring up in. Such had
been the enormity of the abuse in printing worth-
less documents, that he had been told by the
servants of the boarding-houses that the mass
printed during the panic session had glutted the
market, and that their perquisites had fallen to
about two cents per pound. The gentleman near
him smiled at what he said; but he would tell him
that, if he would take his little children to a shoe-
store, and buy a pair of shoes, he would find that
they would be wrapped up in public documents.
Buy whatever he would in any of the stores of
this city, he would find his purchases wrapped up
in papers that had been printed by order of Con-
gress. Indeed, such had been the profusion with
which these public documents ltad been printed,
that they had greatly depreciated even as wrap-
ping paper: there was no doubt of there being a
surplus there. If no other disposition could "be
made of these documents, they might put them to
the same use that the Ottoman conqueror did the
' books of the Alexandrian library—distribute them
among the public booths, to be used as fuel.
There were public booths in this city, where
these documents might be found useful in the
same way. Mr. 0. was opposed, out and out,
togiving these documents to the members of Con-
gress; and he therefore asked for the yeas and
nays on his motion.
Mr. HILL said the number of volumes was
five, and they were not worth, foranybody 'a use,
the trouble of carrying them home. There were,
at a former session, eight hundred and fifty addi-
tional copies ordered out of the contingent fund,
by a simple resolution offered by Mr. Poindex-
ter, and the cost of which amounted to $57,000.
They were made up of mere notes taken in rela-
tion to the public lands, and he believed were not
even of any value to the' Territories; and if this
was not extravagance he did not know what was.
Mr. BENTON here read extracts from one of
the volumes, taken at random (he said) frem the
pile, and opened in the middle, which were a fair
sample of the whole publication. There never
was (he said) a grosser imposition practiced than
was done in the publication of this work. Here
was a sample of the five volumes, and the whole
related to land titles thirty years ago, which were
all merged in the patents, the only titles now ne-
cessary to be looked at.
Mr. EWING.of Ohio, had not examined these
documents to ascertain their value, but he had
found some of a similar kind very useful and val-
uable as books of reference to members on the
subject of public lands.
Mr. WEBSTER observed, that this was a sub-
ject of which he professed to have no knowledge.
Whether these books were usefuL or not could
better be judged of by gentlemen coming from
the States where the public lands were. All he
rose to say was, that he thought it unnecessary
to delay the appropriation bill in questions of this
kind, and that the best way would be to reject the
amendment at once.
Mr. WALKER did not concur with the Sena-
tor from Missouri in his opinion as to the value
of these books. As books of reference, he had
■ found them very useful while on the select com-
mittee; and, although there might be a great deal
in them that was not worth printing, yet he did
not think that he could have got on without them.
As regarded their distribution, he thought, with
his friend from Missouri, that they ought not to
be given to the Senators individually, though it
i would be proper to give them to them in their
official characters, to be retained while they were
in the Senate, and to be handed over to their suc-
cessors on leaving it.
I      Mr. KING, of Alabama, thought, at the time
the resolution was adopted, that they would be
paying for a useless work.    Some of the matter
i contained in the publication might be useful, but
, a great deal of it certainly was not so.   A great
I deal of it had been printed before in another work,
¡ as the Senator from Missouri had well observed,
I and they had therefore to pay double for the same
j matter.    But the time had gone by when it would
be profitable to discuss this question—they had
got the work, and the question was, what were
they to do with it?   As regarded the distribution,
he was opposed on principle to the giving books
to Senators.    If the work was at all useful, let
i all the copies (said Mr. K.) be thrown into the
i library of Coneress,
i     Mr. BENTON referred the Senator from Mis-
sissippi to two publications, one being a compila-
tion of documents relative to the public lands by
, Matthew St. Clair Clark, and the other a work
j now going on hy Gales & Seaton, in which the
Senator would find all the information he wanted
in a more compendious form, without being cum-
bered with the mass of obsolete and useless matter
that loaded this publication.    He wished the gen-
tleman to be informed that the typeset upon this
work was taken in the form already set up from
another office, so that the Senate was paying for
the same work twice.   Let the gentleman refer
to the collections relating to the public lands now
, going on by Gales & Seaton, and he would find
i all the information he wanted in a more compend-
ious form.
II      Mr. WEBSTER wished the Senate to negative
II the whole amendment.   He did not wish to be
'< j involved in a debate on the printing and distribu-
1 tion of documents, to the delay of the most im-
portant appropriation bill.
Mr. LINN could not entirely concur with h¡3
colleague as to the value of these documents.
Although much useless matter might have been
printed, yet he thought they contained a great
deal of useful information.
Mr. BLACK said the only way in which these
books were valuable was to Committees on Pri-
vate Land Claims: when claims were presented,
by turning to these books, the proceedings had
in relation to them could be found, and attempts
at imposition could be detected.
Mr. WRIGHT said, after the expression given
by the Senate, he would vote for the bill as
amended by the Senator from Missouri. He
would, however, state a fact within his knowl-
edge, which was, that three of these volumes were
mere transcripts, word for word, and letter for
letter, of three other volumes; and he remembered
very well when the resolution authorizing their
publication was offered, which, he supposed, at
the time, was for some temporary publication,
and never dreamed that the whole expense would
amount to $500, and never knew of the enormous
expense incurred until his attention was drawn to
it by an estimate made in the other House. The
I! Secretary of the Senate had complained that they
'j incumbered his room.    The books were already
I purchased, and the lumber was on their hands,
j and the only question now was, whether they
j should distribute it?
I      Mr. Benton's motion was then adopted; and
| the question recurring on the amendment of the
II  committee,
, Mr. KING, of Georgia, observed that he had
I] already said so much in relation to the printing
II  of books, that he did not think it necessary to
<\ say anything now further than that he agreed
" with his friend from  Missouri as to the utter
worthlessness of these books. If useful at all,
1 they could only be so to the Committee on Pri-
■ vate Land Claims; and it had been well observed
that they might obtain all the information that
was in these documents in other publications that
had been made by order of the Senate, in a much
more compendiotts form. He did not want any
of them to be on his table; and he would be will-
ing to give them away to anybody that would
take them.
Mr. KNIGHT moved to amend the amendment
by providing for the sending of one copy of the
publication to the Historical Society of Rhode
! Island, and one copy to a college in that State.
a Mr. K. said it seemed that these books were of
| no value to anybody, and  yet they were cx-
| tremely loth to part with them.    He thought
they would increase in value as they increased
| in age.
Mr. BUCHANAN did not care much about
the distribution of these books; but, as it appeared
that there were books to be given away, he would
only say that he left the House of Representa-
tives in 1831, and came into the Senate in 1834;
i consequently, he found himself entitled  to no
t books.   He thought that, when books were to be
distributed, he and the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Ccthbert] ought to have a share.
Mr. BENTON observed that this showed what
i a vile thing it was.   Here were members sitting
' on that floor who were entitled to no books; while
11 those who had  been  out of Congress for four
11 years could get them; and if they had died in the
' interim the books must go to their heirs.
Mr. Knight's amendment was rejected.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the bill was
further amended by the insertion of an appropria-
1 tion of $300 for completing the medals heretofore
| voted to General Ripley.
I Mr. PRESTON moved to amend the bill by
'' adding an appropriation of $20,000 for the erec-
; tion of a court-house for the courts of the United
| States in Charleston, South Carolina.
I Mr. BLACK moved to amend the amendment
1 by adding an appropriation of $20,000 for the
! erection of a court-house for the courts of the
, United States at Jackson, Mississippi.
j Mr. BUCHANAN moved further to amend the
j amendment by adding an appropriation for the
| erection of a court-house for the courts of the
'' United States at Philadelphia.
