422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
the Exreutm cerM-nlv is not responsible for
t íe n Fi ">m the Secretary's report, 1 have gith-
end the taus tint GaNscv S aton, during si xt< < n
vcars, fi >m 1SJ I to 1M>, Inv. reiuv d fiom the
J i etis ii v  051.703 84, ni an ave r ige ot mon than
for v thousand dollars a \eir, thai Djft Gieen,
ioi nun. V ui>. fion lb-27 to lb35, has receive d
v443,144 7b, or m ailv fitty thousand dollars per
annum , and tint Fiaucis P. Blau, for five years,
fiom 15*31 to 1835, has recuved $19,479 54, or
about thirty-nine hundied dollars per annum.
Tin se persons are editors of the three daily polit-
ical papers which hate been published at the seat
of Government.
The first two are inveterate opponents, the last
lsfinndlv to, the Adnunistialion. These expend-
itures show in what (.hanurl the pitronagc of the
public press Ins b en directed undei the present
Administration. Before it was drawn into this
temp'aion, the National Intelligencer was the
futhtul orzan of the public \oic< , all who could
renumber as far back as the year 1812 could re-
mt mber what the Intelhgi n~er w as What is that
pa,">er' Whose organ is it now - The other op-
position paper, t.ie Telegraph, had pretended
tiiendship for the Administration u nil it had pro-
cured the printing,but it had instuKtivt.lv turned
to the party which always paid best. Here is a
mi lion ot dollars paid to two printers, (a large
por ion of it since the present Administration came
lino power,) whose n< wspapers have been con-
stan y employed to batter down the Administra-
tío i'
How happens it (said Mr H ) that all resolu-
tions for extra jobs of printing have been on one
side of the political question ' Is it because the
Committee on the Library have, had no political
p-cd,lections ' That committee (I it pi a,.) has for
sevi ral years been exclusively of o íe political
pcii v ,andtheAdministiationhasnothadsomuch
as on pooi repiiBentative m *lns body upon it.
Th s Claik & Force is not li ss a political busi-
ness than the other contracts. The pu sons em-
ployed i mare of one side, if it is earned through
tin Senate at this time, t will be carried as an
opposition measure. The Senator from New
Je.rt.ty [Mr. South vrd] saysit will not be honest
now to lefuse to carry uno effect this contract,
There s aieiy can be no injustice, no dishonesty, in
stopping this w ist'fül expenditure, if Congress
shall indemnify Clark & Force for the expend-
lturis they havi ahcadyimde. Twtnty thousand
dollars have aheady beenadvanced tothf-m—more
will be paid it moie has been expended. There
ean be no hesitation in siying that Congress had
been deceived and cheated into this measure,
whetl er the pubUsheis had or had not intended
it. Mi Livingston, the late Secietary of State,
to whom the ousiutss of contracting had been re-
ferred, had been imposed on. he knt w nothingof
the nature of the coatract himself, and it is now
said the peisoi who happ ned to be the agent
to make a bargain with Clark & Force, was a
pei son m direct inteiest with them Hi nee may
we account for the raising the puce fiom j>8 DO
per volume, as first proposed by the publishers
themselves, to #13 62, as preset ibed m the con-
tract It is very evident we have been imposed
on in some way. It now seems, as a matter of
grace, that these contractors are willing to limit
the expenditure to somewhere about half a mil-
lion of dollars. There is yet no limit to this
matter, if it proceeds the present generation may
not see the end of it. I have never consented to
this contract, and never will consent to it The
work, when it is printed, is to be distributed
among the membeis of Congress of 1833, who
voted for the bill, and to members who have not
b^tn in Congress for two years. There surely is
great impiopriety in this part of the law. It can-
not be said that injustice is done to these publish-
ers if Congress remunerates them for their ex-
penses until this time, and the work shall hence-
forth cease and be discontinued.
Mr. DENTON said, as he understood it, the
House did believe what Mr. Johnson said, for
they struck out the appropriation by a large ma-
jority; and that appropriation was reinstated
next moining—after operating on the members
ovei night. He would now offer a resolution,
which ho hoped would be íeceiv d by general
cpnaent, to appoint a comuuttee to examine into
the progress of this vvoik, and to report to the
Senate what ought to be paid to the compilers for
what they had done
Mi KING, of Georgia, said that the resolu-
tion wis unnecessary,as nothing could be due on
the woik It was impossible that the sum of
>20,0 )0. apnropriated last year, had been ex-
pendí d in collecting materials for this work; so
that in fact nothing could be due on the contract
His proposition was to strike out the appropri-
ation of *20,000.
Mr WEBSTER observed that it would be
unjust to suppose that these contractors would
print anything not authorized by Congress It
was well known that they had offered to submit
the selection of the matter to be printed to an
agent appointed by Congress, and it was also
well known that they had agreed toan impoitant
modification of the contract. The contract might
be bioken up; but the question was not now
whether they should pay ihe money oi not. The
contract had been madi —whither improvidently ,
or not it was not now for him to say—and they j
were as much bound to make the appropriation
as to appropriate money foi the pay of salaried
officers. He hoped that the progress of the bill
would not be interrupted by the consideration of
tin resolutioa offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Bevrof.]
In n gard to the contract, the parties had a
right to their pay under an act of Congress, and
this was only appropi lating the amount to be
paid. He hoped no new principle would there-
foie bo involved m this bill, and he would demand
the yeas and nays, to ascertain whethei the Senate
would sanction s ch new principle.
[ \s the rt solution of Mr Bí-vtov could only
be received by unanimous consent, the objection
by Mi. Webster prevented its being received 1
Mr MA1NGUM (in reply to Mr. Hill) observed
that the contract foi this publication had been
placed on pany grounds; and this extravagant
and mipiovident contract had been chai ged against
the opponents of the Administration. Now, was
this just' Who was the Hist to make objections
to this measuie * Ho himself was the fust that
cahed the attention of the Senate to it two years
ago and he expressed the same opinion then that
In held now—that the contract would lead to an
extravagant and useless expenditure of money.
It was said by tne Senator from New Hampshne,
thit the yeas and nays were not taken on the
auopüou of this measure, and this circumstance
showed that it was not a party vote; for when
such was the case, there were always enough
ready to order them. Atatlevents, the resolution
passed at the close of the session, authorizing
the publication of a documentary history of the
Revolution, and the contract was to be made by
the highest officer under this Administration, (M r.
Livingston ) Now, if there is nothing else than
this improvident and exuavagant contract, that
would, of itself, be enough to show that Mr.
Livingston was utterly unqualified for the situ-
ation he held. The contract was not only to pay
double for the printing, but was for the printing
of an indefinite number of volumes, so that the
contractors might draw millions from the Tieas-
ury. If this was a party measure, (said Mr. M.,)
put the saddle on the right horse. As to this con-
tract, he would be glad to get rid of it in any form.
He would be willing to raise a committee to re-
scind it; but he would say that he would not take
it upon himself to abrogate it at once. He was
ready, however, to do parties full justice, and
would pay them liberally—nay, he would even
pay them more than they were entitled to. Taunts I
about this contract weic wholly useless. For his
part he believed that no party was censurable for
it. Mr. Livingston managed it Mr. Livings-
ton managed it, as he had done other matters, j
with great improvidence—though he meant not to
impugn that gentleman's integrity As to the
distribution to membeis, he had always opposed
it. There was a degree of indelicacy in voting
books to themselves, which ho could not ap-
prove of
Mr. KING, of Alabama, regretted very much
the course which this discussion had taken. He
did not believe that this was ever considered a
party measure. He believed that they were di-
vided two years ago, not on account of doubts of
the improv idence of the contract, but because they
diff red as to the mode of getting rid of it.
The simple question, then, bdoie them was,
whether they were to go on making appropria-
tions without seeing where they were to stop ' If
tiny could see the end of it, or if tin y could know
what they were paying for, they might wiih more
reason be called on to make the appropriation It
was not necessary that they should appropi mte
them; they had already appropriated ¡p20,000,
and there was no reason why they should appro-
priate more without knowing whether a sufficient
amount of work had been done to justify it.
They had no evidence before them of what had been
done other than a single sheet of the work. He
thoug'it that the pioper course would be tostnke
out the appropriation now, and appoint a com-
mittee to examine what had been done, and to
report to the Senate the best way of stopping the
work, and the amount that ought to be paid to
the contractors. If they made the appropriation
now, it would be at once sanctioning the contin-
uance of the work; they would be called on to
make the same contract the next year, and there
was no knowing where they would stop.
Mr. BENTON merely wished to say, injustice
to the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr Man-
gum,] that that gentleman was the first that ever
called his attention to these abuses; and it appeais
from the Journal (Mr. B. said) that he has voted
with us in regard to these matters ever since
Mr. PRESTON wished the matter to be regu-
lated to the satisfaction of the parties. They wt re
not bound to proceed unless the other party had
proceeded He wished to know of the chairman
whether any considerable progress had been made
in the work.
Mr CALHOUN hoped the Senate would agree
to s'nke out the section, and allow the publishers
liberal compensation for what they had done,
I and stop its further progress. They had made a
I most improvident contract. And, besides, he had
strong constitutional doubts as to the power of
Congress to contract for such a work; and if they
had, there were few, in his opinion, who were
qualified to perfoim a work of so sacred a chai-
acter.
Mr. WEBSTER suggested that it would b«
but just to these contractors to give them an op-
portunity of showing what  progiess they had
made in the work.    It was now late in the day,
and he would therefore move that the Senate ad-
journ, which he hoped would be agreed to, and
the Secretary could then signify to these persons
i that it would be necessary for them to make a
I communication to the Senate next morning
The Senate then adjourned.
i        HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jtfoy 5, 183G
Petitions were presented, on leave, by Messrs.
DUNL\P, REYNOLDS of Illinois, WARD-
WELL, BRIGGS, and WILLIAMS of Ken-
tucky.
[Mr. Reynolds presented the petition of Jesse
W. Shull, of Jo Davis county, Illinois, which
was, on his motion, refeired to the Committee
on Public Lands. The petition stated that Mr.
Shull had, at his private expense, advanced the
interest of the Government in the mining country
at and near Galena, in Illinois, and Wisconsin
Territory; and that he, in consideration of the
piemises, prayed remuneration of a section of
land.]
On motion of Mr. EVANS, and by leave, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolmionarv Pensions
b" instructed to inquire into the expedience o> granting a
pension to Daniel Cobb; and that the papers herewith sub-
mitted be referred to the said committee
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMBRELENG adverted to the import-
ance and necessity of acting speedily on the naval
appropriation bill. This ordinary appropriation
bill was usually passed in the month of January;
and the naval serv ice was now suffering on account
of the delay in its passage. He hoped, there-
fore, that the morning houi would be devoted to
disposing of this bill; otherwise, it probably could
not be taken up for several days to come. He
accoidmgly asked the unanimous consent of the
