1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
act, rcpiv to tin" Cmted States the amount which shall be
pud umkr.in ! hv virtue ol tl i¿ act for and onb halfof the
«iid 11 pvu m li >ri ni re p ct v h.the Sccret-ir} of the
f'rM n i nr t'l" tun" h i 3 -mil thereupon trm>fer and
diliv^r up the ~nul -tock to the aid corporate authorities so
re|iajiug the said 5.um  to tin tinted States.
Mr U.said he understood the object of the bill
to be to p-\y the debt, and take an hypothecation
of the stock. He at first thought it wasapurchase.
If the proMso was rttamed, and the stock ever
became valuable, the corpouuion would claim a
retransfer of it, if it should be worth nothing,
the Government would be forever saddled with it.
Mr. VINTON would vote for this bill if the
proviso \\as> stricken out, but not otherwise. He
would vote for it to get cid of the perpetual im-
portunities with wlmh Congress was assailed
from year to year by these corporations, and he
should like to see a bill passed to prevent their
contracting any more debts in future. The bill
was equivalent to a donation of six or seven hun-
dred thousand dollars, which wjs the difference
between the maiket price of the stock, and the
pum of a million and a half of dollars appiopn-
ated by the bill. If the proviso was retained, the
United States would be unable to make any dis-
position of the stock in the interval, and at the
end often years thev would be at the mercy of
these corporations, who would either reclaim the
stock, if it was above par, or compel the United
States to sell it and claim the surplus, or, if value-
less, leave it on the Government. He was for
cutttng looseentirely from the District,and taking
the stock off their hands Besides this, if the
proviso was retained, the United States would lose
the interest on a million and a half of dollars for
ten years.
Mr TOUCEY was inclined to think he should
vote in favor of the amendment when the bill
came into the House, but he hoped the merits of
the bill would not be gone into in committee, but
that gentlemen would refrain from discussion till
it came into the House.
Mr MERCER addressed the committee in
reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.]
He was opposed to striking out the proviso, which
was indispensable to meet the objections of those
gentlemen who maintained that the General Gov-
ernment had no constitutional power to hold
stock. He himself did not entertain that doctrine,
but others did, and the proviso obviated that ob-
jection to the bill. He thought the most judicious
mode was to afford relief to the extent of the
pressure, in the form of a loan, the stock being
hypothecated for its repayment He denied that
the Government would lose the interest. The
United States were to assume the liabilities; these
included interest of course, and the proviso as-
suredly included the repayment of interest, in
the words that the corporate authorities should
" repay to the United States the amount which
sha'l be paid under and by virtue of this act, for
and on behalf of the said corporate authorities."
This manifestly prov ided for the repayment of the
entne obligation, principal and interest He earn-
estly hoped the bill would not be sent back to the
Senate, amended in the form proposed, and there-
by its final passage longer delayed.
Mr W B. SHEPARD stated that the Com-
mittee on the District had had difficulties to con-
tend with, and one was the objection on the part
of many gentlemen to the right of the General
Government to hold stock. It was for this reason
that the pioviso had been inserted. With regard
to the question of interest, no loss could aJcrue
by a fair and legal construction of the act. If the
proviso were stricken out, it would, however, so
materially vary the principle of the bill as to
make the Government embark in a great specula-
tion.
Mr. HAMER said he had but a few observa-
tions to make in relation to this bill. He was
the friend of the District. It had been set apart
for the capital of a great Republic, and we ought
to pursue a kind and paternal policy towards it.
He desired its prosperity, but all must admit that
it could not prosper without some relief in regard
to these debts, which weighed it down, and must
necessarily prevent its improvement.
He liad no objections to this bill in its present
shape, which he thought would compel him to
oppose it, unless they could be removed.   It pro-
posed to take the stock on deposit. Why did
we not take it absolutely as our own, at once,
and then we could control it, and dispose of it
whenever wo thought proper He would be for
selling it in a reasonable time, at public auction
or otherwise.
Mr. VINTON explained, that if the proviso
were stricken out the bill would be in that form.
Mr. HAMER thought not, because another
{>art of the bill declared that the stock should be
íeld in íruií by the United States to receive the
dividends. The Government would not there-
fou be absolute owners. He thought the cities
ought to be satisfied, if we paid the debt and took
the stock, without allowing them ten yeais to
decide whether they would take it back If the
stock proved to be valuable, they would receive
it, and, if unprofitable, they would not
Mr. UNDERWOOD said, that in order to meet
that objection he would modify his amendment
so as to strike out all after the words, " United
States," in the second section.
Mr. HAMER said that that modification would
remove his objections to the United States being
the trustee of tins stock. If the amendment pre-
vailed, they would have the absolute property.
He would take it in that way, and prohibit the
cities from contracting any more such debts.
It had been remarked that this conditional trans-
fer of the stock had been provided for, in order
to remove the constitutional objections of some
gentlemen. He said he had no repugnancy to
hearing constitutional objections on that floor;
but he was very far from agreeing with all he
heard. If the United States could not take the
stock at once, how could they take it indirectly >
He should like to hear the distinction between
taking it directly and receiving it on pledge or
mortgage, allowing the opposite party to redeem
or not, at their own option. Suppose the cities
should refuse to íedecm, would not the stock at
the end of the ten yeais become the absolute
property of the Government' Undoubtedly it
would, and he held the principle involved in the
two cases to be precisely the same.
| There were some things in the first section of
the bill with which he was not entiiely satisfied;
but he should not notice them at present, as that
section was not now under discussion.
Mr. SUTHERLAND was in favor of retaining
the proviso; because, although some gentlemen
thought differently on the constitutional question,
yet it did meet the objection of those opposed to
the Government holding stock. This was not a
local measure: the whole country was interested
' in seeing the capital of the nation in such a con-
dition as would be to its honor. The Congress
was also, to some extent, pledged for the payment
of this debt, and he trusted the bill would pass in
its present shape.
j Mr. GLASCOCK was in favor of the amend-
i ment, because he was satisfied, if the proviso was
■ retained, the Government would be a loser to the
extent at least of the interest on the loan for ten
years; for he gave a different construction to that
clause from the one given to it by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Mercer.] For himself, he
could see no difference between taking this stock
absolutely at once, and taking it in the indirect
mode recommended in the proviso. It was a dis-
tinction without a difference, and certainly did
not meet the constitutional objection If the
proviso were stricken out, he should vote for the
bill
Mr. LOVE thought that placing the stock in
the character of a pledge was destructive to the
interest of all the paities concerned, and would
jeopardise the value of the stock to a consider-
able extent.    He insisted that it should be abso-
lutely held by some one empowered to make, if
thought necessary, an immediate disposition of it.
He could see no material diffeience between the
i Government holding the stock absolutely or in
i trust, with the probable contingency of its being
i left on their hands at the end of ten years.   He
was well assured that these corporations would
never be in a situation to redeem the pledge.
Mr, UNDERWOOD remarked that the pro-
viso might be an attempt to smother and deceive,
but it certainly did not remove the constitutional
objection, because the condition involved the
same principle that taking the estate absolutely
at once did; as, by the condition, the estate might
absolutely devolve upon the Government.
Mr. LINCOLN believed that there was not a
member on that floor who doubted but that it was
the duty of Congress to pay this debt, and the
only question now was, whether they would take
a pledge for its indemnity> He could see nothing
improper in the Government receiving such a
pledge, or such an assignment, as the borrowers
had to offer; but he was opposed to an advance
of $1,500,000, without the possibility of reim-
bursing the Treasui y of the United States until
the expiration of ton years. He was therefore
in favor of striking out the proviso, because he
was for doing that at once directly which was
sought to be done at a remote period indirectly.
He should vote for the bill if the proviso were
stricken out, but if it weie not he feared he
should be constrained to vote against it, much as
he desired that íclief should be given to the Dis-
trict.
Mr. EVANS did hope that these corporations
would not be saenficed at the altar of constitu-
tional scruples, and that the proviso would be
retained; foi, if it had not been inserted, the bill
would never have reached that House He hoped
the passage of the bill would not be jeopardized
by adopting this amendment,and thereby creating
a disagreement between the two Houses. For
himself, he did not believe that these coiporations
would ever have the means of repaying the
money, but he had no constitutional scruples on
the subject, and he hoped the amendment would
not be pressed.
Mr. CUSHING said the fiist question he al-
ways put to himself was, whether Congress had
the constitutional power to pass an appropriation,
and next, whether the appropriation proposed
was just and expedient within those poweis?
Now, in the present case, the proviso did not
render the bill unconstitutional, but there were
gentlemen who held that, if the proviso were not
in the bill, they had constitutional objections to it.
He was, therefore, disposed to respect those scru-
ples, and on that ground he should vote to retain
the proviso.
Mr. WARD WELL was opposed to the bill in
its pi esent shape, because it called upon Congress
to pay to those cities what they had already paid,
and he should vote for that amendment. The bill
was deceptive; for it held out to the people abroad
that the United States were receiving an equiva-
lent for their million and a half of dollars, when
such was not the fact.
Mi HARPER was an advocate of the United
States disposing of its revenue for objects of in-
ternal improvement in every direction, and there-
fore he had no constitutional scruples on the sub-
ject. With regard to any claims the city of
Washington had upon Congress, he thought that
every othei city in the Union had equal claims,
except so far as it had a claim for taxation upon
the lots now belonging to the United States within
the city. He could not vote for any appropria-
tion for the District on the ground of claim. He
was in favor of taking the stock at once abso-
lutely, and he should therefore support the amend-
ment to strike out the clause, because that would
be the effect of the motion if it prevailed.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he wanted to say a
word or two in explanation. It had, perhaps,
been inferred from what he said, when the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Hamer] addressed the
committee, that he (Mr. V.) cherished constitu-
tional set uples as to the power of the Government
to take an absolute tiansfer of the canal stock.
He had no such scruples, but, on the contrary,
was clcaily of opinion that, if Congress had
power to take a mortgage, or a conditional trans-
fer of the stock, it had power to take an absolute
assignment of it, butas practical men it behooved
us to deal with men as tliey were, and not as they
shovidbe, and though it was inadmissible to allude
to the piocecding of the other blanch of this Le-
gislate e, yet he would take occasion to say that
no gentleman who had paid due attention to the
proceedings of the Senate upon the bill now be-
fore us, could doubt that, if the proviso under
consideration was stricken out, the passage of
the bill would be jeoparded, nay, it was almost
certain that, in that event, it would not become a
law.   Under this apprehension, he would vote
