426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5f
a" unst the imend.nent now under consideration,
thmiWi the In!! would be mort acceptable to him
(•\]r V 1 H the proviso were stricken out If he
v is'u d 11 s run- an object w hich he deemed one
of pvimount ¡iistae or expediency, and if to
obnin tint object it «as necessary to move or
sirnlice a receiver, for one, he would freely make
tin sicrilice He believed that the relief of the
cities of this District from the burdens under
winch tlnv were now staggering was called for
bv the honor of the nation, and, to secure this
v rv desirable end, lie would dispense with some
provisions in the details of the bill 'which were
preferable to some that were retained, if the adop-
tion of the former would endanger the final pas-
sage of the bill He believed that we ought to
relieve the corporations of the District, but wheth-
er the obligation to do so resulted fiom our
past legislation, or from other considerations, he
would not here undertake to sav, vv hen the proper
time arrived he would, perhaps, say something
upon this point. He had only rose to say that
he had no constitutional scruples to dcte r him fi om
voting for the amendm nt of the gentleman from
Kentucky, but that, as he did not deem the pro-
viso proposed to be stricken out of rtfal import-
ance, he would vote against striking it out, be-
cause he believed, if struck out, the whole bill
iroiíírf be defeated
Mr W. B SHEPARD made an earnest ap-
peal to the committee to take the question on the
amendment at once, so that the bill might be re-
ported to the House.
Tne question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected—ayes 64, noes 65
Mr FAIRFIELD moved to amend the bill by
inserting in the second section a pro\ision re-
quiring the repayment by the cities of all interest
that may accrue on payments made by the Gov-
ernment, deducting whatever dividends may have
been received. In support of the amendment
Mr. F said, that he flit disposed to go for the
bill, but not on the grounds assumed by several
gentlemen who had addressed the House. If he
went for it, it would be from the necessity of the
case—it would be to avoid incurring the national
disgrace of ha\ ing our Capitol sold under the
hammer of an agent of foreign bankers. But he
would like to have the bill made as perfectas
possible before voting for it, and had therefore
proposed an amendment to the second section.
It seemed to be admitted on all hands, that if we
take this stock by way of pledge, and not as an
absolute purchase, the payment of interest as well
as principal should be made by the cities on a
reconveyance to them of the stock. But it has
been contended by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr.LivcoLV,] and the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Mercer,] that by a fair legal con-
struction of the bill the payment of interest is
provided for. I cannot agree with gentlemen in
this construction-, to me it appears plainly other-
wise But perhaps the argument having the most
plausibility in it is one advanced by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Shepard,] which
is, that inasmuch as the transfer appears to be in
trust the payment of interest would follow of
course. But it appears to me that this merely
establishes the relation which is to exist between
the parties, and has nothing to do with the extent
of the liability of either to the other. The latter
is expressly stated in the next sentence, to wit.
that on reconveyance the cities shall pay to the
Government the same amount that may have been
paid by the Government. Nothing, however, is
said about the payment of interest. Now, would
any gentleman contend that interest would be re-
coverable on a note of hand which did not pro-
vide for the payment of interest' If not, why
should it be contended for here' It appears to
me there is no more ground for it in one case than
in the other; and those who entertain the same
opinion will, I trust, vote with me for the amend-
ment
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRAVES then moved to amend the bill
by an additional section, providing for the pur-
chase, by the United States, of the stock of the
Louisville and Portland canal.
Mr. MERCER suggested that the motion was
out of order.
Mr W. B SHEPARD contended that it was
out of order, on the ground that this day was set
apart exclusively forthe consideration of* bills for
the District of Columbia, with which the amend-
ment had no connection; and also on the ground
that the proposition wis identically the same as
a bill now before the House.
The CH\IR decided the motion to be out of
order on the first ground stated by the gentleman
from North Carolina.
Mr. GRAVES took an appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and briefly argued the question.
Mr. JENlFERasked the gentleman from Ken-
tucky if he really wished this bill to pass; be-
cause, if he did, Mr. J. hoped he would withdraw
his amendment, since it would inevitably defeat
the bill.
After a few words fi om Mr BOON, the decis-
ion of the Chair, that the amendment was out of
order, was sustained without a count
Mr  H\WES moved to strikeout the enacting
clause, and proceeded to address the committee at
length 11 opposition to the bill. He said in future
he should oppose bills in Committee of the Whole,
so as to pi event discussion being cut off by the
previous qjestion.   On referring to the memoual
from the city of Washington, which Mr. H. read,
it appeared that they claimed this relief from Con-
gress entirely on the giound of a claim, that the
original proprietors of the land had surrendered
it without a full consideration. Now, hecontended
that, if any claim existed on this ground, the real
and only claimants should be the heirs of the
original proprietors.     Mr. H. then proceeded I
to review the memorial at length, to show that
the city of Washington had no pist claim upon
Congress.    On the contrary, all their present em- '
barrassments were the result of extravagance and
improvidence on their own part, and in no way
grew out of their relations to the Government of
the United States. If, however, they complained ,
that their embarrassments grew out of the fact of
this city being the seat of Government, where so
many millions had been expended, what would
be the nature of their complaints if the seat of
Government should be removed >   He designated
this as one of the most extravagant propositions '
that ever had been introduced into Congress.    It j
involved an expense of at least three millions of I
dollars, or from three to five dollars an acre for
every acre of land over the twelve miles square of
the District of Columbia.   Would the people of
the United States in any section of the country
approve  of $3,000,000 of their hard  earnings ¡
being lavished on this District >   No, this propo- i
sition would not, and could not stand such a test. ¡
But there was another consideration.    If the |
President of the United States did not abandon J
the principles of his veto messages upon internal
improvements, he must veto this bill if it should
ever be presented to him.  Mr. H. expressed his
surprise at the remark of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sutherland,] that the honor
and glory of the American people were involved
in keeping up the metropolis of this country, or
in keeping Pennsylvania avenue in repair.    He
could not subscribe to that.  Mr. H. then entered
into a review of the constitutional questions grow-
ing out of the bill, and contended that the General
Government had no more right to tax the people,
or to take the people's money, for the purpose of
holding stock in the District of Columbia, than i
anywhere else; and on this ground he fervently
hoped and believed that the  President of the I
United States would veto it.                                  j
The principle of this bill was precisely the same
as that of the Maysville road bill, the only differ-
ence being that one provided for an eastern, and
the other a western, expenditure. He, therefore,
called upon all his friends on that floor who had
sustained the President on the Maysville veto to
vote with him against the present proposition.
Moreover, the Maysville road bill appropriated
only $1,000,000, whereas the present one involved
an expenditure of $3,000,000, and was, therefore,
so far as the amount of money was concerned,
three times as unconstitutional as the former.
The honorable member then went over the names
of the members of the Committee for the District
of Columbia, remarking upon the inconsistency |
of the principles of this bill with those pro-
fessed by some of the gentlemen of that commit-
tee, [Messrs. Vanderpoel,  Bouldin, Rogers,
Lave, Fairfield, and Towies ]    He adverted
to the manner in which they were continually
beset with applications for relief, begging from
year to year, and the success of one application
being only the precuisor to another. He ad-
verted to the numerous memorials that had been
presented. They first asked for lots, and they
are given to them. They then come back, in the
very same session of Congress, and as>k Congress
to buy them back again, and give some one hun-
dred and fifty or two hundnd thousand dollars
for them. They then p< tition foi a lottery, and
sufftr thems lvcs to be cheat* d out of $250,000
by it, and t>uie ho wu th it, if the pn sent bill
passed, before to-moinw's sun v\ould ¡set the
city of Washington would be there again begging
Congiess to rein v< th' in fiom then loss Forthe
citizens of the Distuet, individually, he enter-
tained the highest respect, for he had always re-
ceived at their hands great kindness and respect.
As soon as Mi. H had concluded, the question
on his motion was taken and rejected—yeas 30,
nays 89.
Mr. LINCOLN then addressed the committee
in opposition to the second section of the bill,
which provided that the stock should be held in
trust by the Secretary of the Treasury and his
successors, but contained no provision for voting
the stock, and thereby securing the rights of the
holders.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he had drawn an
amendment expressly providing for that objec-
tion by authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to represent and vote the stock.
Mr. GRAVES then moved to strike out the
fiist section of the bill.
Mr. VINTON moved that the committee rise;
which was lost—yeas 52, nays 68.
Mr. GRAVES then gave way to
Mr. VANDERPOEL, who moved the amend-
ment indicated above, which was agieed to nem.
con.
Mr. GRAVES then proceeded to state his ob-
jections to the first section of the bill; the effect
of which he stated to be, in consequence of the
present depressed value of the stock, a donation
of $900,000 to the three cities of the District of
Columbia Mr. G. also adverted to the large
expenditures heretofore made by Congress, inde-
pendent of the Government buildings, foi the
erection of prisons, penitentiary, interest on the
Holland loan, &c, amounting in the gross to
$2,392,000, besides many items he did not enu-
merate, and the appiopuation proposed in the
present bill.
The motion of Mr. Graves was lost without
a count.
Mr. MANN had hitherto opposed every step
taken to burden the country with the extrava-
gant charges of this District, and, though he was
sensible of the extent of their embarrassments,
yet he was conscientiously compelled to vote
against the present bill. He should feel it hisduty
to oppose the bill upon constitutional grounds,
if there was no othei objection to it. The bill
divested of all surplusage was a bill in substance
and in fact to authorize, as an original proposi-
tion, a subscription to the stock of the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal, and if the pnnciple of the
bill was a sound one, there was not a city in the
Union which could not claim relief under similar
circumstances of embarrassment. Mr. M. then
moved, at the request (he said) of a friend to the
bill, an amendment to the following effect: pro-
v iding, that the stock of the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal, owned by the three corporations of Wash-
ington, Georgetown, and Alexandria, shall be
tiansferred absolutely to the Government of the
United States, which stock shall be sold at auc-
tion, after the lapse of ten years, by the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD remarked that the
motion was similar in effect to a proposition re-
jected by the committee that day. It would also
be manifestly to the injury of all the parties inter-
ested to throw so much stock into the market all
at once, at a fixed period, without probably there
existing at the time any valid reason for it.
The amendment was then rejected.
Mr. JAR VIS moved to strike out all that part
of the first section which proposed to pay out of
the Treasury the sum of $681,086 to the several
