428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6
would be distributed with as little delay as possi-
bl<Mr EWING, of Ohio, replied, that the report
of "the" Secretary did not show that any unreason-
able amount liad been transferred from Ohio.
The Senator was mistaken in supposing that there
had been no transfer, for the Secretary said to the
contrary, though the amount was too small to
warrant the deposit banks in saying that they
liari to transmit all the money they had collected
to the East.
The motion to print was then adopted.
INCREASE OF SALARIES.                     ¡
Mr. WRIGHT moved to take up the bill pro- ]
vidin"- for the salaries of certain officers, and for .
otherpurposes; which motion wis agreed to; and '
the bill having been amended, on motion of Mr.
W., it was ordered to a third reading.
GABRIEL W. DENTON.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of Ga-
briel W. Denton; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies on the table one day:
Resulted, That the Secretary of War inform the Senate
whether any contract lias been made with any person or
persons for the removal of the Creek Indians, or any part of
them, to the country west of the Mississippi; and if any
such contract has been made, that he state with what per-
sons, or what terms, and under what authority; and whether
Euch contract was entered into after advertisement and
public notice, or without such advertisement or public
notice.
Mr. WALL submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Freehold, in the county of
Monmouth, to Princeton, in the county of Middlesex, via
llaightsiown, in the same county, m the State of New
Jersey ; also, from Philadelphia, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, to New Egypt, in the county of Monmouth, via
Cookstown, Jacobstown, ttecklesstown, and Bordentown,
in the county of Burlington, and State of New Jersey; also,
from the city of New York to Eastoa, in Pennsylvania, via
Tort Colden, Oxford Furnace, and Belvidere, in the county
of Warren, in the State of New Jersey.
The following resolution was submitted by Mr.
LEIGH; which was considered, and agreed to:
Retolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, requested to make the report required of him in
relation to the claim of the heirs of Francois Cazeau, to
the present session of Congress, if he shall find it in his
power to do so."
POSTPONEMENT OF LAND SALES.
On motion of Mr. BLACK, the resolution to
suspend from sale certain public lands acquired
by the treaty of Dancing Rabbit creek, was taken
up; and, after being amended, on motion of Mr.
WALKER, the resolution was ordered to a third
reading.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year 1836 was
taken up; the question being on the motion to
strike out the appropriation of |20,0OO for the
Documentary History of the Revolution, now
being compiled by Clark & Force.
After some remarks from Messrs. BENTON,
KING of Alabama, and SOUTHARD, the mo-
tion was agreed to; and the bill having been
further amended, was ordered toa third reading.
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The following bills were severally read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading:
The bill for the relief of the heirs of David
McCord;
The bill to provide for the enlistment of boys
in the Navy;
The bill for the relief of Captain Melancthon
T. Woolsey, of the United States Navy; and
The bill for the relief of Daniel Steinrod.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the Senate pro-
creded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and when the doors were opened—
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL—AGAIN.
The bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the United States for the
year 1836, having been reported correctly en-
grossed, was read the third time, and passed.
The Senate then adjourned over to Monday
next.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, .Voy 6, 1836.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohib, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported the following bills;
which were read twice, and committed:
A bill for the relief of Christopher Clark; and
A bill for the relief of Philip Marshall, repre-
sentative of John Marshall, deceased.
Mr. W., from the same committee, reported
resolutions referring the case of Don Juan Pedraza
to the President, for the purpose of obtaining the
opinion of the Attorney General on the same,
&c; which were agreed to.
Mr. W., from the same committee, reported,
with amendment, the bill from the Senate for the
relief of John S. Stiles; and the same wa  com-
mitted.
Mr. CAMBRELENG.from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill appropriating
$1,000,000 for the defense of the western frontier.
Mr. C. sent to the Clerk's table the following
communications from the Secretary of War and
the Quartermaster General, to show the necessity
of speedily disposing of this bill:
War Department, May 4,1836.
Sir : In January last orders were given to Major General
Gaines to take measures for the defense of the western
frontier of Louisiana. Events which were then passing in
Texas led to the belief tiiat a state of things might arise re-
quiring the interposition of the Government to protect the
inhabitants of that portion of the United States from the
calamities of war.
There were placed, subject to General Gaines's orders,
three regiments of infantry and seven companies of dra-
goons ; an<l he was instructed to prevent, by force if neces-
sary, any armed parties from crossing the boundary line
into the territory of the United Suites. He was also in-
formed that the thirty-third article of the treaty with Mexieo
imposes upon both of the contracting parties the duty of
pryrenting all hostile incursions on the part of the Indians
into the possessions of the other; and he was directed to
take the necessary measures for fulfilling this obligation on
! the part of the United States. He was also instructed, if
i called upon by the civil authority for any aid towards
enforcing the laws having relation to the neutral duties of
. the United States, to render such assistance as the laws
prescribe; and he was referred to the district attorney  of
the two districts of Louisiana for their opinion upon such
points of law connected with Ins duty as might arise. He
was also particularly advised that it was the duty of the
United States to remain entirely neutral, and to cause their
neutrality to be respected.
By information recently received from General Gaines, it
appears that he considers it necessary that his force should
be increased, with a view to afford proper protec-Mon to the
frontiers.   He has, therefore, called upon each of the Gov-
ernors of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Tennessee, for a
brigade, and upon the Governor of Alabama for a battalion
of miiitia; the whole, or as many of them as practicable, to
be mounted. He reports that the Mexican forces are rapidly
approaching the border; and he anticipates that, as soon as
they have reached the vicinity of the Indians, these will
join in the contest, and that the Indian force will respect
! no boundary line ; and the operations in Texas, as described
by General Gaines, cannot fail to produce a favorable effect
1 upon the cruel disposition and predatory habits of the
Indians.
I have, therefore, the honor to suggest to the Committee
! of Ways and Means the propriety of an appropriation of
$1,000,000 " to defray the expenses attending the defense
of the western frontier of the United Stales, to be exp nded
under the direction of the Secretary of War, conformably
to the provision of the act of April 5,1833, making appro-
priations for the support of the Army."
I     I send for the information of the committee a letter from
\ the Quartermaster General.
i     Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
\                                                                LEW: CASS.
i Hon. C. C. Cambreleng, Chairman Committee of Ways
i     and Means, House of Representatives.
!
;                         Quartermaster General's Office,
;                                    Washington City. ¡lay 3,1835.
¡     Sir : The operations on the frontiers of Texas will re-
quire large appropriations.   I have acquisition on my table i
j for $100,000 for that service, and have not a dollar to meet
: it.   A have received a letter from the assistant quartermas- j
I ter at Natchitoches, reporting that he bad found great dim- !
j culty in obtaining land transportation for five companies. !
The wagons and horses, as well as mules for packing, must
be taken from Ohio, Kentucky, or Tennessee.   Should the ''
operations be continued through the season on the seale I
indicated by General Gaines's requisitions, a million of dol-
lars will probably be required for the service of this depart-
ment alone.
I have the honor W be, sir. your obedient servont.
TH. S. JESÜP, Quartermaster General.
The Hon. Secretary or War, Washington City.
War Department, May 5,1835.
Sir : In consequence of the intimation contained in your
note of this date, I beg leave to observe, that the request
for an appropriation of $1,000,000 for the protection of the
frontier, m my letter of yesterday, was submitted to, and
approved by, the President.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
LEW: CASS.
Hon. C. C. Cambreleng, Chairman Committee of Wayt
and Means, House of Representatives.
Mr. CAMBRELENG was in hopes that the
House would agree to go into committee on this
measure to-day.
The bill was then read twice, committed, and,
together with the correspondence, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOAVARD, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a bill for anticipating the
payment to the individual claimants of the in-
demnities due'under the conventions with France
of July 4, 1831, and with the two Sicilies of
October 14,1832; which was read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, reported,
without amendment, the bill from the Senate to
extend the time for issuing scrip certificates on
• military land warrants; and the same was com-
mitted.
Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the following resolution
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of amending the
laws fixing the salaries of the several district judges of the
I United States, so as to establish a more equitable compen-
sation for the services they are respectively required to
perform.
Mr. .CHAPMAN, from the Committee on the
i Public Lands, reported, without amendment, a
! bill from the  Senate  for the  relief of Samuel
Smith, Lynn Magee, and Semoiza, Creek Indians,
and a bill for the relief of Elijah Simmons; and
the same were committed.
I     Mr. CRAIG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
', the legal representatives of Timothy Feley, de-
, ceased, late of the army of the Revolution; which
was read twice, and committed.
J     Mr. CONNOR, from the Committee on the
: Post Office and Post Roads, reported, without
amendment, the joint resolution from the Senate
to change the time of making contracts for the
transportation of the mail.
Mr. C. moved that it be read a third time.
Mr. GRANGER asked for some explanation
of the proposition.
Mr. CONNOR explained, in a few words, the
J object of the resolution.    At present, the mail
contracts were made to terminate on the 1st of
j January, and the fiscal year of the Department
ended on the 1st of July.    The resolution gave
the Postmaster General the power to extend the
contracts from the 1st of January to the 1st of
July, so as to make the contracts and  the fiscal
i year terminate at the same time hereafter.    This
would add to the convenience of all parties con-
i cerned.
Mr. GRANGER doubted  the  propriety  of
legislating an extension of existing contracts, and
thereby excluding all competition.
The resolution was then passed.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the bill to "graduate the price of the
public lands, to make provision for actual settlers, and to
cede the refuse lands to the States in which they lie,'' be
made the special order of the day for the 17th. 18th, and
19th of this instant, and that it take precedence on those
days over all other business, unless sooner disposed of.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the resolution
by inserting after the word "Resolved," the
words, " That the bill from the Senate to dis-
tribute the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands and to grant lands to certain States, and"
—so as to include this bill also in the special
order, and to give it precedence over the bill
named in the resolution of the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. PATTON moved to lay the resolution and
amendment on the table.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, asked
for the yeas and nays on the motion; which were
ordered; and were—
VEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bean, Beaumont, Bockee, Boul-
dm, Bovcc, Browu, Buchanan, Burns, Dynuin, Cainbre-
