ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
lent   Nathaniel   II   Claiborne. Pitvclind. Coffee, Cole ,   |
i , tttrr  I i mu r  tit   «tu ni   l t tv* r^iMi, l out>i«Mln   Ilroin
C >■       I tt   r   I in i  t t   1 i i n   1  w «r, h\   Will un   K
} in •'   Jiit'-i.u  itul I.th I l.li uk i. i.n i Unit, II ili \.
J.*, ptlli'l    lii'mr    II m.      Iln'-n    llopitiii^. Ho  ltd.
II i i! n*fm   tii^htui J il* t Jhk on  J u\i    Jo-st-p'i John
-  i   K    11 d  M    J > i,i-on. Im m mu i J tin ^, Ki linón, kil
jor    Klii? ii mull   Ian    i;   I  i(>orie  t.ul on 1, , .Jo-hui
I. •   I     <,   t1   I >_ui    I o\ ill    I u -i-    \tvnh M.IIH1  Job
Mu i    J   in   \    M i->.t    Moi> Maoi, W  .It tin M.i on,
M   Kn.  M   Kim   M  l.i no.   Mult r   Morían   Mullí libera,
Owen-, PiUenMii Pitton. D'nnklin Pierce. P.ielp.-, Pinck
nc , Joseph  UeiuoUU, ttoane, Koger , **tvniour, iieklcs.,
Saihciland.   larlor,   l'honia.-,   John TIioi-immi, Touccv,
1 irn r,  Turr II,  \ indi nw> I   \\ i enor. Ward, Web-tor,
\v ookH. ami Thorn - J   \\ lnttlo e\ —!>1
N K\ p—Me sr  Chilton \llan. lleman Alta , Anthonv,
A lilr\, liatlo. Boll, Uoml, Boon, tliisg-, V\ uuain B Lai
bo'tn, I ini[ t>«. II, t air, I a  v,(J, or^e I hiut'oei-,Chiptn in,
Ch Id-, J «tin F II Clatttirnt CHrk, Corn in. Crane I)ar
Itnsion. O nm, Dunlap, I'van- Kverett, Forrester French,
Pink  C t ull r, Rice liarlaiHl, Granger, Grave-*, Urayson,
«-.renin II, Griffin, llilanti 11..II, Hardin, Harlan, Ilarutr,
Satu'it I •* llamón, Vlt> rt G Ham-on, llazeltim, Hen-
derson Hei-fr Hoar. Hunt Huntsman. Inffer-oll, V\ illtam
Jackson, Jane-. JeiiKOr, Lave John-on, Henry Johnson,
Kmnard, Lane,Lanler, La>, Lewi-, Lincoln,Love, Lion,
Minn. Samp-on Mason, Maurt, M<Cart\, McComa ,
MoKonnan. Mercer, Mom , Pirkir, Pottigrew , Pott-, Uen
elver John UewiolU-, Kipl-\, Rnb< rt-on Ru— ell, W illiam
B Sbepani, S.ade, Spansler, Spra«ue. Standeiei, Steele,
S-orer, raliatorro, 1 nder\vood,\ inlon, W a«lnngton,White,
Elt-lta Winnie *-, Len i-, William , and Shcrrod William*,
—91
The House being thus equally divided, the
SPEAKER voted in the affirmative, making the
vote—yeas 92, nays 91. So the resolution and
amendment were laid on the table.
On motion of Mr CHAPMAN, (by leave,) it
was
Retohei, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of regulating bv
law the made ot proot to remedy the evils consequent on
the late destruction of the record- ot the Lnited States
court for the northern district ot Alabama, b) fire, and that
the documents relating to that subject, from certain mem-
ben of the bar at llunuville. Alaban) i. be retened to that
committee, as well as the protest ol Colonel Le Roy Pope,
in the I oral of a letter against anv legislation on that suu-
j -ot, so a* to affect a case in n bach lie was a party in said
eoort
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, instructed by
the Committee on Military Affairs, moved to set
•part one hour on Tuesday next, from eleven to
twelve o'clock, for the consideration of a bill for
the better protection of the western frontier, and
the bill providins for an arsenal of construction
in the State of North Carolina.
Mr. THOMAS moved to amend the motion
by substituting from one to two o'ebek; which
was agreed to.
Mr. PINCKNEY mover! to amend the propo-
sition by including the bill for repairing the ar-
senal at Charleston, South Carolina; winch was
agreed to; and, thus amended, the motion of the
gentleman from Kentucky was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affair*, reported, with amend-
ment the bill from the Senate to authorize the
Secretary of War to take additional evidence in
support of the claims of the State of Massachu-
setts for disbursements during the late war; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Unfavorable reports were made upon various
petitions, &c, by Mr. BRlGGS, from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads; Mr.
P. C. FULLER, from the Committee of Claims;
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands; and by Mr CRAIG, from thcCommittee
on Revoluionary Claims
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD called for the special
orders of the day.
Mr. ASHLEY asked the consent of the House,
before proceeding with the ordprs of the day, to
present the following resolution:
Rttohed, That the Committee on Military Affair  be in- '
sonctcd to inquire into the expedí -ncy of providing by law
for placing at the disposal of the Governor of Missouri, for
the use ot that State, cannon, carriage?, and all the neces-
sary implements and appendages thereto, complete for the
field, lor two companies of artillpry, to. be used as afore-
said, so Ions as the western border of said State shall con-
tinue to be the abode of numerous Indian tribe .
Objection being made, Mr. ASHLEY moved
to suspend the rules for the purpose of enabling
him to offer the resolution; which was negatived.
DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
The House resumed the consideration of the  '
bill from the Senate for the relief of the several
corporate cities of the District of Columbia.
The amendment* reported by the Committee of
the Whole were concurred in.
The question being on engrossing the txmend-
mtnts, and ordt rni "th.> lull to bo road a third
time—
Mr W 1?. SHEPAUD MMed the reasons
which had inducid the (.ommittec on the Dis-
trict, ns well of the House of Rt pr  «n. ntativcs its
of the Sinnte.to report tinir owirmal proposi-
tions to then resp- etivo bodies. Aftetwaids, he
remarked, the Senate had instructed their com-
mittee to report the bill which was then under
consideration. The President, in his annual mes-
sage, had called the attention of Congress to the
subject; and he argued that the measure was noth-
ing more than what was due to the < itv. Hi
advocated the payment of the $631,000 of inter-
est which the corporations had aheady paid on
this money, inasmuch as the Government was
getting the stock on ^ihich this interest was paid.
He argued, also, that Congress was bound to pay
the money because it was the guarantee of the
loan; and said he had honed not to hear a consti-
tutional obiection to this bill. The custom-house
at Alexandria had paid into the Treasury about
$2,000,000; and he thought, as there were no
scruples in receiving this money from the Dis-
trict, that there ought to be none to the paying
out of money for the relief of the District. He
thought they ought not to act the Jew's part in
this matter. America had astonished the world
in her rapid improvements; and if the District
cities had been led astray in this spirit of im-
provement, he did not th>nk they ought to bo
censured for it. It had been frequently said that
the citizens of the District had brought this bur-
den upon themselves by their own misconduct.
It must be recollected, however, that it was in
consequence of the Government insisting upon
the canal being made twice the width which was
originally designed, that this embarrassment en-
sued. If, then, the Government had in this way
brought the District into this difficulty, it ought,
at least, to place it where it found it. Exclusive
legislation was granted over the District; but it
never was intended by the original grantors that
the Government should speculate on the property
which was acquired by the original grant. Mr.
S. referred to documents, and showed that the
Government had received as a voluntary grant
from the District, or the individuals ceding it, in
grounds for public buildings, &r., upwards of
$2,000,000. He stated further that the United
States claimed property in the streets of Wash-
ington, and had exercised the right to close up
streets and sell them out. Ho then argued that
the Government, as owner of that property, ought
to keep it in repair; which, if they had done,
would nave cost as much as the entire debt of the
corporation of Washington. He said, if it was
intended to afford relief to the District, they could
not do less than pass this bill, less would only
protract their difficulties. He asked gentlemen
to pass this bill, and sever forever the responsi-
bility of Congress in the debts of the District.
He wished the question to be taken, because, if
the bi'l did not then pass, he doubted whether it
would ever pass.
Mr. HARDIN obtained the floor and addressed
the House at length in opposition to the bill. He
said that the first consideration was, that these
cities claimed this money on account of a debt
due to them by the Government; and the ques-
tion then was, whether or not the claim existed '
The facts were these: Georgetown had subscribed
#250,000, Alexandria $250,000, and Washington
$1,000,000, for constructing a canal from the Dis-
trict of Columbia to Cumberland. Now, what
did the bill propose ' Not that Congress should
pay for this stock only, but that they should pay
for it and also indemnify them in all their costs
and charges in getting the money. Calculating
the interest, the debt amounted to $2,700,000; and
this bill appropriated $680,000 for interest paid
by those cities on account of the debt, making
altogether three millions two or thiee hundred
thousand dollars. AH this Congress was called
upon to pay. Now, if these cities had any claim
upon the Government, either inlaw or in equity,
he would willingly pay it; but such was not the
fact. The Government did not owe them a sol-
itary cent. Mr. H. then cited the act of cession,
by the articles of which it appeared that the ori-
ginal proprietors of the land were paid twenty-
five pounds an acre for what the Government re-
quited. The memorial of the city set forth that
the Government did not pay five shillings for it;
which was a total perversion and misiepresenta-
tion offsets. Then what interest had the pre sent
propuetors' None. The original propuetors
weie paid twenty-five pounds an acre for the land
taken tor public pui poses, and they nor their heirs
could set up any claim; still lesstould the present
proprietors have any.
The other claim set up was that the Govern-
ment property had not been taxed. He denied
that the corporation of Washington had Any right
to tax it. None of the western States had ever
taxed the United States property within their
limits, and he regretted that his native State of
Pennsylvania should have done so, in the case
of the Schuylkill arsenal. The city of Washing-
ton had no just claim on that ground. On the
contrary, they were relieved from a vanetv of
burdens which were borne by the people of evety
other section of the countiy. The )udgts, mai-
shals, district attorney, expenses of jurors, jails,
penitentiary, &c, were all p,ud by the General
Government Then again, the Government had
built their jails, their court-houses, and a p<>i i-
tentiary, which alone had cost $100,000—works,
all of which were constructed by the people them-
selves in the States. He then enumerated a va-
riety of other expenditures for the Potomac
bridge, for the mud-hole pool, called the Jeisey
canal, for macadamizing Pennsylvania avenue,
for the bridge at the Little Falls, &c, altogether
amounting to between two and three million^ or
dollars.
Another ground for the claim was the debt or
obligation the General Government owed to the
two States of Maryland and Virginia. This he
controverted, and denied that any thing was due
to those States; and, therefore, this District had
no claim, and could not establish a claim upon.
Congress on the ground of any debt due by it.
He maintained that Congress had no more power,
under the Constitution, to pay the debts and lia-
bilities^ the cities of Washington, Georgetown,
and Alexandria, than to pay to the State of Indi
ana the debt of $11,000,000 she had lately con-
tracted for internal improvements, orto assume
the debts of any other State. Again, it was not
a debt incurred exclusively for the District, for
the States of Mary land and Virginia were as much
interested in it, and even more, than the Distnct
itself. It was, therefore, expending money for
internal improvements in those two States. The
mode he also objected to, for it was neither more
nor less than taking stock in a private corporation,
and taking it absolutely, for the proviso was noth-
ing more than an attempt to evade the question
by special pleading. He denied that the Consti-
tution gave Congress the power to take and hold
this stock, and ho reviewed this subject at some
length. These cities had no s,hadow of a claim,
and Congress had no right to tax their constitu-
ents to pay the debts of the people of this Dis-
trict. But they were able to pay it themselves;
and he would engage that four hundred yards on
each side of the Pennsylvania avenue would, if
sold, pay the whole of it. The debt did not
amount to the thirtieth part of the capital in the
District. Would any one believe that George-
town could not raise their proportion of $250,000 >
He was convinced that they could do it, and
would do it if necessary, when they weie to de-
rive such advantages on the completion of the
canal which was to terminate at that city. Even
if the stock was worth an investment of only one
per cent, they would be benefited in the end.
Another argument in support of the claim was,
that the faith of the nation was pledged for the
payment of the Holland loan, and a correspond-
ence between Mr. Rush and the lenders had been
quoted to establish this fact. Mr. H. denied that
the faith of the nation was pledged Mr. Rush
had no right, if he did give such a pledge, to do
so; font wasanght against theexciciscof which
Mr. K. should enter his solemn protest at all
times. Even Congress had no light to bind their
successors in that manner. He again referred to
the enormous amount of appropnations made tor
this District, of which the State of Maryland was
almost alone benefited, amounting to $4,o00,UU0;
and if this bill should pass, it would amount to
