480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
*7,000,000; «ml before they had done it would
fall little slu.it of $10,000,000, expended to facil-
itate the transportation of exports from Maryland
to the West. Even if the city of Washington
should be sold to the Dutch, he asked what right
had Cotiju^s to erect itself into a general insur-
ance office for the security of this loan ? or even
if thev paid the dtbt, w hy should they reimburse
the Distrut the sum of $,650,000 which they had
paid for interest of the loan, and costs and ex-
penses in procuring it' Such a principle of do-
nation was unheard of. Even in the character
in loco parentis, Congress ought not to pass this
bill, for us bounty had been for years most lav-
ishly thrown away upon the District. Mr. H.
then entered into a review of the value and utility
of the canal itself, the money expended on which
might as well have been thrown into the mud;
and dwelt upon these points at some length.
Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, then moved to amend
the bill by striking out the following from the
second section:
•• To be held in trust to receive the dividends on ;"
And also the proviso, as amended,
'• That if the said corporate authorities of said cities, «hall,
within ten year  afW the pas-aje of tin* act, repay lo the
United States the amount which «hall be paid under and
by virtue ot this act, «or and on behalf of the said co. porate
authorities respectively, with all interest that may accrue on
pa) meuts m.ide by the Government, deducting whatever
dividend* mt> have been received by the United State-, the
6ecretary ot the Treasury, for the tune being, «hall there-
upon tran«!er and deliver up the said s'oek to the >aid eor
porate authorities so repaying the said sums to the United
¡States.-'
And on the amendment, Mr. T. asked for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. MERCER rose and replied at length to the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hardin] in sup-
port of the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD rose to make a statement.
He and several of his friends were willing and
lesirous to pay the Holland debt, and take the
itock of this company; but they would do no
inore. If the friends of the bill, then, would so
nodify it as to present it in that form) he and
lome others would most cheerfully vote for it; if
jot, they would be compelled to vote against it.
It was for the friends of the bill to decide whether
.hey could get along with the bill without these
rotes. He would merely add, that the motion
ihen made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Thomson] was the same Mr. U. had himself made
yesterday, and he should of course vote for it.
Mr. HAWESmoveda call of the House; which
was lost.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
39, nays 67.
Mr. JARVIS then renewed the motion, sub-
mitted by him in Committee of the Whole, to
strike out the whole of the first section of the bill,
with the exception of that part of it authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to assume, on be-
half of the United States, the Holland debt; and
also to strikeout the whole of thesecond section.
Mr. J. gave notice that if this motion should pre-
vail he would follow it up by a further amend-
ment having reference to interest
Mr. GRAVES moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all the first section from the
word "and" in the tenth line, and retaining the
second section as it was in the original bill, by
winch the United States would assume to pay the
Holland debt, and take the stock of the corpora-
tions in the canal, which Mr. Jarvis accepted as
a modification.
Mr. HA WES asked for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, which were ordered; and the
question being taken, it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 108, nays 61.
Mr. JARVIS then moved still further to amend
the bill by appropriating a sum not exceeding
$75,000 for the payment of interest now due on
the Holland loan and remaining unpaid.
Mr. LINCOLN suggested that the interest was
provided foralreadyin the first section of the bill,
by assuming the whole of the obligations.
Mr. JARVIS replied, that the first section con-
templated  only the interest thereafter accruing,
and not the interest already due.
The amendment was agreed to without a count.
Mr. PARKER renewed, in a modified form,
the amendment ottered by him in Committee of
the Whole yesterday; which was lost.
Mr. PARKER then asked for the yeas and
nays on the engrossment of the lull; which were
ordered.
Mr. HARDIN moved to strike out the word
" deposit" in the second section, and insert the
word " transfer," and, at tlie suggestion of Mr.
Underwood, strike out the words " m the hands
of the," and insert the word " to" the said Sec-
retary of the Treasury, which amendments were
agreed to.
Mr. LINCOLN moved to substitute the word
" And" for " Provided always," in the second
section; which was agreed to.
Mr. MASON, of Ohio, then moved to strike
out the whole of the second section.
Mr. EVANS thought it very doubtful whether,
as the bill then stood, the corporations of the
three cities would accept it and resign theirstock.
If any of them should refuse it, the Secretary of
the Treasury would have no power to proceed.
1     Mr. GRAVES explained the effect of the bill
I in its amended form; and remarked that the gen-
I tleman from Maine need be under no uneasiness
on account of either of those cities refusing to
accept the bill.
The amendment of Mr. Mason was then re- j
jected without a count.                                              |
The question was then taken on ordering the
amendments of the House to the Senate's bill to
be engrossed; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 109, nays 71.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading at
this time.
Mr. HOPKINS remarked that, as this was a
very important bill, he would ask for the yeas
and nays on its final passage.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said there were
not less than sixty members absent; and as the
bill appropriated no less than a million and a half
of dollars out of the public Treasury, he should
like to see a full House voting upon it; he there-
fore moved an adjournment; which was lost.
The call for the yeas and nays was then also
lost.
i Mr. HAWES moved a call of the House, and
asked for the yeas and nays; but the House re-
fused to order them; and the motion was lost.
Mr. MANN, of New York, then renewed the
call for the yeas and nays on the final passage of
the bill; which were ordered, and were as follows:
YEAS—Mes«r . Adnms, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Anthony, Ashley, Bailey, Bockee, Burden, Brig°s, Wil-
liam B. Calhoun, George Chamber-, fluids, Cleveland,
Corvvin. Cramer, Crane, Cushing,Darhngton, Denny, Dou
bleday, Everett, Fairfield, Farun, Fowler, Fry, Plnlo C.
Fuller, Rice Garland, Glascock, Granger, Grennell, Ha-
ley, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Harlan, Samuel S. Harrison,
Hdzeltine, Henderson, Heister, Hoar, Hunt, Huntington,
Ingersoll, Ingham, William Jackson, JabezJackson, Janes,
Jarvis, Jemter, Kichard M. Johnson. Henry Johnson, Kil-
gore. Kinnard, Klingen«milh, Eane, Laporte, Lay ,Leonard,
Lincoln, Logan, Love, Lucas, Job Mann, Mo,« Mason,
Sampson Ma-on, McKennon, MeKim, Mercer, Miller. Mil-
hgan. Muhlenberg, Page. Patterson, Pettigrew, Phelps, Phil-
lips, Pmckney, Potts, Riplev, Schenck,"William B. Shep-
ard, Shinn, Sickles, Slade, Spangler, Steele, Storer, Suth-
erland, Taliaferro, Tavlor, Tiloma*, Turner, Underwood,
Vanderpoel, Vinton, Wagencr, Ward, Wardwell. Wash-
ington, Webster, White, Elislia Whittlesey, and Thomas
T. Whittlesey—102.
' NAYS—Messrs. Ash, Bean, Beaumont, Bond, Bouldin,
Bovee, Brown, Buchanan, Bunch, Bynum, Carr, Carter,
Casey, Chapman, Nathaniel H Claiborne, John F. H. Clai-
i borne, Clark, Coffee. Coles, Connor, Cu^hman, Deberry,
i Dromgoole, Dunlap, French, William K. Fuller, James
, Garland, Gillet, Grantland, Graves, Hardin, Hawes, Haynes,
Holsey, Hopkins, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Benja-
min Jones, Lan«ing, Lawler, Luke Lea, Lyon, Abijah
Mann, Martin, William Mason, Maury, McComas, McKay,
McLene, Morris, Owens, Parker, Patton, Franklin Pierce,
Peyton, John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Roane, Robert-
sin, Roger*, Russell, Seymour, Augustine H. Shepperd,
Sprague, Standefer, John Thomson, Toucey, and Sherrnd
Williams—69.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD said, as there were a
number of other important bills connected with
the District of Columbia, he moved that to-mor-
row be set apart for their consideration.
Mr. HOAR suggested Monday.
Mr. JARVIS remarked that they had now
been in session seven hours, and had appropriated
a million and a half of money; and he, therefore,
moved an adjournment, but he withdrew the mo-
tion to enable the Speaker to present the follow-
ing executive communications:
Tj the Senate and House of Itejn eientatirti :
Believing that the act of the IJih of July, 1832, does not
enable the Executive to c irrv into effect the recently nego-
tiated additional article to the treaty of limits with Mexico,
I herewith tran«nut to Congic -  copie, ol that article, that
the necessary legi-lative provi-ion-, mav be made lor its
faithful execution on the part ol tue United States.
ANDREW JACKSON.
Washington, May ti, 1838.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a statt ment of the amount
of the public moneys deposited in the deposit
banks, by the several officers thereof, on the pub-
lic account, on the 1st of Apnl last; which was
laid on tl*e table,and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the same, trans-
mitting a statement of the number of clerks em-
ployed in the Treasury De purl ment; which was
also laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JARVIS then renewed his motion, and the
House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 7, 1836.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, and by
unanimous consent, the House went into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
(Mr. Briggs in the chair) on the amendments of
the Senate to the general appropriation bill.
Various unimportant amendments of the Sen-
ate were agreed to.
The committee disagreed to the Senate's amend-
1 ment appropriating $1,600 for extra compensa-
tion to the judge of the eastern district of Florida,
for services during the years 1835-'36, under the
i act of 23d of May, 1828; and also $800 for extra
compensation to the judge of the middle district
of Florida. [This was one of the clauses in the
original billas reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means, ana which was struck out by the
Hou^e.]
' The Senate had struck out the item of $500 for
translations for the digest of commercial regula-
i tions of foreign countries, and inserted in lieu
thereof an appropriation of $5,883 34 for com-
pleting the said d.gest by printing a third volume
thereof; the Senate had also struck out the ap-
propriation of $20,000 towards the Documentary
History of the American Revolution.
Mr. CAMBRELENG briefly explained that
the last item had been struck out in the Senate
by general consent, as the money would not be
due till December next; and it was presumed by
that time that a satisfactory arrangement could
be made in reference to the work, or Congress
, assured of the propriety of its continuance. At
all events, it would be quite time enough to make
the appropriation next session.    The Senate had,
! however, added an amendment, which had been
rejected by the House, for printing the third vol-
ume of the Commercial Digest of Foreign Coun-
tries; and Mr. C. sent to the Clerk's table a letter
in explanation of the contents of the proposed
volume from the author. John Speare Smith, and
also a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury
on the same subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, inquired if the
j act authorizing the publication of this work pro-
vided also for the third volume?
j Mr. SUTHERLAND replied, that the act
contemplated only two volumes, but it had been
found impossible to embrace the compilation
within that compass. The act, however, pro-
vided for the completion of the work, and its in-
tention ought to be carried into effect.
Mr. CAMBRELENG called for a division of
the question.
The two branches of the amendment were then
severally agreed to without a count.
The Senate's amendment appropriating the
sum of $15,606 for printing and binding the
eighth volume of the second series of Gales &
Seaton's American State Papers, and providing
for the distribution of the same, was then taken
up.
Mr. CAMBRELENG stated the fact that this
appropriation was in execution of an act of Con-
gress.
Mr. JOHNSON inquired how much money
had been paid on account of this work? He
distinctly recollected that, when the last appro-
priation was made, it was said that it would be
