432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7.
their rendezvon«, to be discharged at any time by the United
State  The ueec-sarv mean- will be furnished to the of-
ficer- of the prop«r stall department  tor such .supplies as
ma\ l>i rcqu.rcd
I need li inll\ say,that the dutv committed to you is one
o'zrent i>n port-nice, as well as ot great delicacy; and t do not
doubt it vvnl be-o executed as to preserve, on tlieone hand,
the proper -ifetv of the frontier, uhile, on the other hand,
as little cau-f of offen-e a* po-s-ibie mil be given to an)
torei"ii anthont\. 1 have to reque-t that jou would keep
me regularlj advised ot jour proceedings.
L C. Gaines, Majar General, E. P., Fort Jesup, Louis-
iana.
[Copied from the letter-book of the War Department ]
Departhent'of State,
Washington, April 23, 1838
Sir- In compliance with your request, I have the honor
to transmit a memorandum otthe substance of what I stated
in an official conference on the 20th instant, with Mr. Gor-
ostiza, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary
ot the Mexican Republic to the United States.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
JOHN FORSYTH.
The Hon Lewis Cass, Secretara of War.
Memorandum for Mr. Gorostiza of uhat icas said fo him
iy Mr. Forsyth, m ffcetr conference on the 23tA of April,
1836.
Mr Forsvth stated to Mr. Gorostiza, that in consequence
of the contest in Texas, the movements of some of theciti-
zens of the United States on the Red river, and apprehended
hostile intentions, of the Indians in Mexico against the
United States, and of the Indians within the United States
against Mexico, orders would be given to General Gaines
to take such a position with the troop3 of the United fetales
as would enable lum to preserve the territory ot the United
States and Mexico from Indian outrage, and the territory
of the United States from any violation by Mexicans, Tex-
ians, or Indians, during the disturbances unfortunately ex-
isting in thüt quarter, and that the troops of the United
States would be ordered to protect the commissioners and
lurveyors ot the two Governments, whenever they should
nect to execute the instructions to be prepared under the
jeaty ot limit  between the United States and the United
Mexican States. Should the troops,in the pertorinance ot
heir dutj,be advanced bejoud the point Mexico might
luppo-e was withi i the territory ol the United States, the
iccupation of the position was not to be taken as an indi-
cation of any hostile feeling, or of a desire to establish a
««session or claim not justified by the treaty of limits. The
iccupation would be precautionary and provi-ional, and
vould be abandoned whenever (the line being run and the
rue limits marked) the disturbances in that region should
•ease, they being the only motive for it.
Head-Quarters Western Department,
Natchitoches, Louisiana, April 8, 1833.
Sir' I arnvedat this place on the 4th instant, since which
ii'ie I have received information, from various sources,
* ¡iicli leaves no doubt in my mind that a considerable por-
lon of several tribes of the Indians residing within our
erntonal limits have gone over to the Texas side of the
mundary line between the United States and Mexico.
When to this fact is added the reports daily received at
.hi- place, that the army of Mexico, commanded by Pre i
lent Santa Anna in person, is rapidly approaching in this
lirection through the center of Te x is; that Ins plan is to put
o death all he tinds in arms, and all who do not yield to his
iictation ; that as soon as he come-to the section of country !
occupied by the Indians in question, on the waters of the ¡
Trinidad or Trinity river, they v\ ill unite with him in his j
war ot extermination ; and that no boundary line, save such '
as they find properly guarded with an efficient force, will be j
sufficient to arre-t the sanguinary career of these savages,
I e mnot but deent it my dutv to prepare for action                !
Tor t.u. purpo-e, I have requested of the Governors of
Loui-iana and Mississippi and Tennessee, each a brigade,
and of the State of \labama a battalion, making altogether
three bi igades and one battalion—the whole, or as many of
them as practicable, to be mounted—to repair to this place
as soon as mav be convenient, by bat alions or companies.
This force, though not equal in numbers to that which it
mav be my duty to meet in bittle, will enable me at least
to secure the confidence of the frontier settlements, and
keep them at home to plant their crop ; and, moreover, to
enable me to inflict summary punishment on such of the
enemy by whom they are now menaced as may teach them
to respect us, and in future to pay more regard than they
geem now di-posed to pay to our rights and treaties.
I shall in the course of a few day  address to each one of
the commanders of the armies in Texas anote calling their
attention to their dune*, and apprising them of the course
which I shall pursue towards them, in obedience to the
orders of th3 President of the United States, should they
approach our boundary, or suffer the Indians near them to
commence ho-tihties. I have notified the Governors of the
States to whom I have applied for force that " should the
war in Texas be brought to a close without the apprehended
Indian hostilities," the volunteers will in that case " be
discharged forthwith."
I have the honor to be, very respectfnlly,
EDMUND P GAINES,
Major General commanding.
Hon. Lewis Cass, Secretary of War, Washington City.
P. S. I inclose a copy of my letters to the Governors of
the States above-named.                                         E. P. G.
HFAD-Q.ITARTERS \i ESTERN DEPARTMENT,
Natchitoches, Louisiana, April8, 1836.
Sir : The war in Texas, which has of late assumed a
«artguinary and savage aspect, has induced the President of
toe United States to require a considerable augmentation
of the regular force to be concentrated upon this section of
the national frontier, to which mv attention has been par-
ticularly directed   lie deem- it to be the duty ot the United
States to rem mi entirely neutral, ami to o.U-e their r.cu
trality to be re-pected, peaceably ij p, acticMe ¡forcibly if
ncccssaiy
The thirty third article of the trejtv with M xieo requires
both the contracting parties to prevent " bv force all hostil-
ities and ineur-ions on the part of the Indian nation- living
within then ie p ct>ve boundaries; >o that the United
States of America will not «ulTci their Indians to at'ack
the citizens of the Mexican States," &c
The provi-ion of this aiticle I am particularly instructed
to cau-e to be enforced ; and I have, pur-uant to instruc-
tions, taken measures to make known to the various Indian
tribes inhabiting that part of the United States bordering on
the Mexican territory, on the v\ ater- ot the Red and Arkan
sa- rivers, the determination ot the Government to prevent
any hostile incursions into Texis, and have directed that
the chiefs b" called upon to inciilc ite upon their people the
necessity of carefully abstaining from any violation of the
above-mentioned engagements; and I have moreover in-
formed them, pursuant to the order  of the Pre-ident, that
I 7 unit not hesitate to use the force at my disposal for the pur-
\ pose of preventing sveh designs.
I have learned from several of our citizens entitled to
credit, that one Manuel Flores, a Mexican Spaniard, but for
some years post a citizen of "Spanish town," in this State,
near the Sabine  ridge, has been lately commissioned by
persons prolessmg to act by the authority of the Mexican
Government, for the purpose of enticing the Indians in the
we-terii prairies, on our side of the boundary line, to join
them in the war of extermination now raging in Texas, and
that with this view, the agent, Manuel Flores, accompanied
bv a stranger, has lately passed np the valley of the Red
river, and has already produced excitement among the
Caddo Indians; and 1 have very recently learned from
several intelligent persons in Texas, and others who have
lately been there, that many of our Indians have lately gone
over to the Texas side of the line.
1     These facts and circumstances present to me the import-
ant question, whether I am to sit still and suffer these move-
ments to be so far matured as to place the white settlements
on both sides of the line wholly within the powcrof these sav-
ages, or whether I ought not instantly to prepare the means
for protecting the frontier settlements, and, if necessary,
compelling the Indians to return to their own homos and
, hunting grounds ?   I cannot but decide in favor of the last
!, alternative which the question presents; for nothing can be
i   more evident than that an Indian war commencing on either
side of the line will as surely extend to both sides, as that
alighted quickmatch thrust into one side of a powder mag-
I azinc will extend the explosion to both sides.
'     But I am without mounted men, the only description of
I    force which will enable me to interpose an effectual check
II  to the d.nlv increasing danger which every intelligent citi-
zen, with whom I have conversed upon the subject, appre-
I    hends; and apprehending, as Ido, that the loss of a month,
|   which it would require to submit the case to the decision of
1 the President of the United States, might prove fatal to a
I large portion of the frontier inhabitants, I have determined
to solicit of your excellency a brigade, to consist of two or
three batalions ot volunteers, as many to be mounted as
practicable, to repair to this place as soon as may be con-
venient, by companies or battalions, to receive their arms
and camp equipage at New Orleans and Baton Rouge.
Tnere may be eight or ten companies to a battalion.
I Should the war in Texas be brought to a close without
the apprehended Indian hostilities, the volunteers will, in
|, that case, be discharged forthwith.
'     With pjrfeet respect, I have the honor to be vour obc-
II  dient servant,                             EDMUND P. GAINCS,
i                                                    Maior General commanding.
! I To hU Excellency, Governor of Louisiana,
"        of Mississippi,
j                                          "of Alabama,
l                                          "of Tennessee,
War Department, May 4, 1838.
Sir : 1 have received your letter of the 8th ultimo, and, in
answer, have to inform you, that the President will sanction
the employment of whatever force may be necessary to pro
tect the western frontier of the United States from hostile
incursions. This Department has addressed the Governors
of the States of Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee, Ken-
tucky, and Alabama, requesting them to call into service
such militia force as you may find necessary in carrying into
effect the instructions heretofore given to you. The theater
of operations is so distant (rom the seat of Government,
that much must be intrusted to your discretion. The two
great obieets you have to attain are, first, the protection of
the frontiers, and, secondly, as strict a performance of the
neutral duties of the United States as the great object of
self defense will permit. You will take care, and do no act
which can give just cause of offense to any other Govern-
ment, and on the other hand you will not permit the
frontiers to be invaded by any forces whatever. I have to
request, that the militia you may call out may not be more
| numerous than the exigencies shall seem to require. They
ought to be called into serv ice for six months, if practicable,
to be disbanded whenever not wanted ; and you will take
care that all due economy is preserved, as well in your dis-
bursements as in the preservation and accountability of the
public property. It is very necessary that you should com-
municate freely to the commanding officers of any military
parties who may approach the frontiers, and inform them
of the nature of your orders. You will state to them, that
while you have been ordered to that quarter with a view
to the execution of the neutral obligations of the Ui.ited
States, you have also been instructed to defend their terri-
tory from anv invasion whatever; and that this duty will be
executed under any circumstances that may happen. You
will also remonstrate against the employment of any of the
Indians. Although the dictates of humanity forbid the use
of this species of force which cannot be restrained, yet the
right of the United States to remonstrate aga.nst its service
rests upon other grounds. Trom the habits and dispositions
of the Indians, it is well known that the power rmployin 
theln cannot restrain them within the leg tímate i ules of*
warfare. II they approach the frontiers, they will pay no
regard to amere imaginary line, but will carry on their "dep-
redations and massacres vvherevei inhabitants can be found
and where there is no force to oppo-e them. It is altogether
idle to expect that in -uch a state ot thing' the frontier set-
tlements of the United States would not b,' expo-cd to
these calamities. Whoever calls the Indians into service,
and induces them to appioach o-ir border, cannot but be
aware of the consequences that inu-tensue All this you
will represent to the proper officers, and vou will use
your best exertions to keep such a force from marching
towards your position; and if they do so, to repel and dis-
perse it.
Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,
LEWIS  CASS.
Major General Gaines, Fort Jesup, Louisiana.
Mr. CAMBRELENG rcfe-ired to an article in
the New York Courier and Enquirer, in reference
to the reception in Mexico of the official report
of Santa Anna of the taking- of the Alamo, the
rejoicing which had taken place on that account,
such as the singing of te Dewns, &c. His object
in adverting to this intelligence was to show the
increased Mexican force in Texas.
¡ Several members called for the reading of the
article referred to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG was not in possession
of the paper.
A copy of the Courier alluded to was handed
! to the Clerk by Mr. Cushing, and the paragraphs
I which had been referred to were read.
Mr. UNDERWOOD rose to submit a propo-
' sition which he thought would be concurred in
by the committee. The communications which
I they had just heard read were to his mind aston-
l ishing ; and he was not at that time prepared to
vote on the bill, and desired to have the docu-
ments printed, so that they might have an op-
portunity of examining them more closely. The
motion he intended submitting was, that the
committee should rise, and then he would move
to have the documents printed. There was
another thing which he desired to know. He
wished to know what the Mexican Minister had
said in reply to the statements made to him by
the Secretary of State; and when they got into
the House he said he would move a resolution
calling on the Department of State to give the
House that information-, so that they would have
both sides of the question. He desired to know
what the minister had said, as well as what had
been said by the Secretary of State. It appeared
to him, from the reading of the papers which he
had just heard, that the Government had directed
the commanding general to take a position in-
side of what had heretofore been considered the
Mexican line. If so, he feared evil consequences
would result from it. He wished the papers to
be printed, so that every gentleman would have
an opportunity of examining them; and with that
view moved that the committee rise.
Mr. CAMBRELENG concurred with the gen-
tleman fron Kentucky. lie said this was an
important question, and they ought to have all
the information which could be procuicd in rela-
tion to it. With this view, he had called the
question up at this time, so that the attention of
the House might be drawn to the sub|ect.
, Mr. THOMPSON, of South Caroihna, said it
was not his intention to detain the House; but he
merely wished to rid himself of all responsibility
in having delayed the passage of this bill for a
single moment. He would go cordially with gen-
tlemen in voting this million of dollars, or any
number of millions that might be deemed neces-
sary for the defense of the fron'iers; but he was not
willing to overstep the limits prescribed by the
Constitution, even to defend ourselves. If he was
not mistaken, General Gaines had called on one
of the brigadier generals of one of the southern
States for aid; but by wha* constitutional right
he had done so Mr. T. was unable to define.
There was a prescribed mode of calling out the
military; and under no circumstances ought they
to be called out contrary to that. He desired to
know the authority by which General Gaines had
made this call, as well as the authority upon
which the President had authorized militia to be
called out for six months, or for a longer period
than three months.
Mr. UNDERWOOD here withdrew the motior
that the Committee rise, at the request of
