THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR S. RIVES
Fir<t Session', 34th Congress
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
MONDAY, MAY 16, 1836.
Volume 3 . No 28.
M' \D VM-í, w ho w ished to make an inquny
of the ihurmin ot th  Committee of Ways nnd
Mu\ih, >r Uu ehurmm of tht Committti of For-
viirn \tTiir-- He wished to know, in the first
plaie, whether either of them, or whether the
Exeeu'ive Departmi nts, had in their possession
tht n port of General Santa Anna to the MtN.ii in
üin11 niKiit, upon «huh comments of a New
^ or* editir had been read because it appeared
io him to 'x a much more important paper than
thi lonimiiuirj upon it by the editor of a New
York pajK r
Mr. CAMBRELENG stated that he had not
asked for tht reading of that paper, and had only
alluded to it to show that, bv the intelligence from
Mexico of Guieral Swita Vnna's calling for five
thousand men ardtwo hundnd officers,in addi-
tion to his army alrtidy in Texas, it was n ees-
aary to ha\i a strong force upon our frontier,
because the people of Texis must eventually be
drum to the frontier, and unless there wis i
force there to protect that frontier it might be
invaded by a hostile army.
Mr ADAMS sud there was another question
uhieh he w ished to ask, which was, whether the
chairmm of the Committee of Way  and Means
cou J inform the House of the part performed by
the Mexican Minister in the most impoitant con-
ference with him by the Secretary of State, whieh
had been laid before the House alone, and what
the reasons were which hid prevented the other
pvxtofthe conference from being presented to
fie Hause"- He wished to know whether the
Mes. can Muiis'er had stood mute, and said
nothing, u'ien the Secretary of State announced
to him what had been read to the House' He
wished to know if there was any communication
fiom the Mexican Minister to be given hereafter
in relation to this very important conference' He
asked this question the more readily, because it
•eemed to him that there was a most extraordi-
nary po er given by the Executive to the com-
manding General to cross the line between the
Ui ned spates and Mexico; that was to commit
an act of ho  íhtj —to make war upon her. This
was virtually guing the commanding General the
powr to make war, and this information was
given to the Mexican Minister by the Secretary
of State.
Did the Mexican Minister submit to this> If
be had submitted to it—if he had said nothing
when he received this communication, there was
another consideration involved relating to_ the
consjtutional power, as to the authority given
to me commanding General to commit acts of
hostility without a communication being made to
■Corgress by the Executive.
They had, then,(«aid Mr. A.,) the first intima-
tion of this state of things, excepting some mys-
ter.ous w ords from the chairman of the Commit-
th^ of Way s and Means, some days since, when
he had told them in a very mysterious manner
that they were in all probability on the eve  of
warwi.li Mexico, and that gentleman, at that
time, had told them very truly that they would
have little trouble in disposing of their surplus
funds if this war was to break out.
Tiiey might dispose of all their surplus funds,
if they were toi nter into a war with Mexico, and
that bill gav e indications of its being a war proposi-
tion He did not, however, mean to say that it
was not proper, and he did not mean to say that
lie would not be disposed to go into a war with
Mexico, or any other country, when the rights,
the mtf rests, and the honor of the nation required
it. But he saw something more than the defense
ofth front er in this. Iif saw the authority
granted to inv ide another territory, and he w ish( d
to kno'v whither the Mexican Minister assented
totlusanJaequ esced in it' He did not desire this
for the purposf of d( laying the appropriation, for
if the fronti rwas in danger, he would make the
appropriation U t it be what it might, but if there
Wu¿ morí c tmplete and pcrfi ct communications
they ought to !x transmitted by the Executive. He
28
said that, on that day,and in the communication
thi n reíd, the comminding General on that fron-
tier was authorized to invade a foreign nation,
w Inch w as the first intimation given to the House
of the difficulties existing between the United
States and the Republic or sovereign State of
Mexico It seemed to him that more communi-
cations were necessary upon this subject. What
were the difficulties existing in that quarter' They
had seen citizens of the United States go into the
territory of Mexico, establishing themselves theie,
and nuking war That very war, upon which
they had heard such lamentable appeals made,
was carried on by her own citizens, and a late
member of that House was at the heid of the
militirv power, and had not the House been
cilled upon to acknowledge the independence of
thit State, which was at war with a country with
w horn the United States were at peace, and in the
very act of making a treaty with' There was
another consideration which made it necessary
to look into this war, before we engaged in it
If he had been rightly informed, and he pro-
fessed to have no information except from the
public prints, this was a war of Texas to estab-
lish slavery in the Republic of Texas, which had
been banished by the United Mexican States,
that it was a resistance against the abolition of
slavery by Mexico, and that Texas was making
w ar to establish that slavery which had been abol-
ished. Now if this was the case, and if the ac-
knowledgment of the independence of Texas was
to be followed by an application to admit her to
become one of the States of this Union, he begged
leave to declare off from that reception. He
w ould be for receiving no such addition to the
United States It was important that Congress
should have all the information which could be
procured. The paper which had been read [New
York Courier and Enquirer] was a journal which
had been stimulating the people of the United
States to embark in the cause of Texas; and they
had seen that a great meeting had been held at
New York on this subject, and one of the leading
men m that meeting was a confidential officer of
the Government of the United States, This was,
to be sure, contrary to the orders given by the
President of the United States, and he was grati-
fied to see in the instructions this order for the
preservation of the neutrality more than once re-
peated, and he should have been glad if the other
parts of the instructions to Geneial Gaines had
been a little more consistent, and particularly the
order allowing him to invade the territory of
another Government, He hoped that, whatever
might be done on this subject, Congress would
take care that the neutrality should be preserved.
Mr PEYTON had heard the remarks of the
gentleman from Massachusetts with no less aston-
ishment than deep mortification That that gen-
tleman had deemed it expedient to introduce the
subject of the abolition of slavery upon this ques-
tion was to him extraordinary. However that
subject might have pressed upon that gentleman's
mind, surely when they asked for ti e considera-
tion of a question which involved the lives, the
property, and the security from savage butchery
of the defenseless women and children on our
frontier, he might have withheld his abolition re-
flections for a moment The gentleman had
seen, too, in the conduct of the President and
commanding General, great cause of alarm. He
had seen intrusted in the hands of the command-
ing General, the power of making peace or war.
The gentleman might have been silent on this
subject, for the Dower conferred upon the com-
manding General wa3 not to make wai, but to
preserve peace The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, living remote from such scenes as were
enacted on the frontier, and knowing them but
by hearing, had not before his mind that vivid
picture which western gentlemen had, who had
seen some of the scenes of savage warfaie enacted.
He hoped the gentleman would not find in an
imaginary hne, in time of war, anything '—"ln
to make
it necessary for an army to pause upon theboun-
daiy, while the enemy were embodying and call-
ing in the aid of savage allies A Republic indeed'
It was a misnomer to cal] Mexico a Republic It
was governed by a military despot, who had
trampled under foot the liberties of the people
The gentleman from Massachusetts seemed to be
displeased, because, forsooth, some gentlemen
who had once been citizens of the United States
were engaged in the struggle for hbertyin Texas.
Nothwithstandmg that the Mexican General was
pursuing and murdering those people, and cariy-
mg on an unparalleled savage warfare, the gentle-
man seemed to think that it was improper to
have a force upon the frontier sufficient to compel
our neutrality to be respected. When the savages
should be burning the houses of the citizens of
the frontier, and murdering defenseless women
and children, the gentleman would stop to hear
what the Mexican Minister would think of Gen-
eral Gaines crossing the line, before he would
make an appropriation Mr P. would neither
ask the Mexican nor any other Minister, what
they should do when American citizens were in
danger from Santa Anna and his Indian allies.
He would say to General Gaines, take your posi-
tion in spite of the Mexican Minister On this
side of the imaginary line there might not be a
suitable position to take, while on the other might
be an important and strong hold; yet the gentle-
man from Massachusetts says, if you go to take
that position, you make war upon a sovereign
Republic. With regaid to the subject of aboli-
tion, which the gentleman had introduced, he
thought it was an improper time and an improper
plaoe to discuss that subject He was opposed
to the committee rising, and he did not wish to
delay them with any useless discussion. He was
in favor of voting, before the setting of the sun,
an appropriation of a million of dollars, or more
if it was wanting He would say to gentlemen,
withhold not your money, when at this very mo-
ment the best blood on the frontier might be run-
ning in streams upon the ground
Mr. HAMER said the instructions to General
Gaines were certainly misunderstood. The in-
structions weie that he should go past the line
claimed by Mexico, but under no circumstance 
to go beyond the line claimed by the United
States
Mr. BELL thought, from the specimens they
had just heard, that they were to have a lengthy
discussion of this matter He thought the most
discreet plan would be to vote the appropnation.
He «ndei stood that there were no instructions to
go beyond the undisputed boundary, and that,
whenever a decision was to be made as to the
boundary, if it should be decided against the
United States, the commanding general was im-
mediately to cross within our own territory He
considered they were called upon foi the appro-
priation by the peculiar state of afians on the
frontiers. If the Tex ins should be driven to the-
frontier of the United States, unless there was a
force sufficient to check the Mexicans, they might
even overrun our Terntory to the banks of the
Mississippi The Mexicans had some cause to
feel a hostility to a portion of the citizens of the
United States, who had enteied Texas and en-
gaged in the struggle going on theie, but that
was no reason that measures should be taken, not
only against those poisons, but against the people
of tnc entne West. He called upon gentlemen it
this stage of the question to considei whether it
would not be most prudent to vote this prelimin-
aiy appiopnation to aim the fiontier, and to pro-
vide against any possible contingency, and then
to diseuss the i latter on some other proposition
which mignt be biought forward hereafter. Was
there a <>■< iitlcman who would pause at that hour,
when there wis not only a possibility, but a str°nS
probability, of a wai upon our frontier, which
had no foitifieations and no barriers to check the
progress of a victorious at my  It seemed to him.
that\hty should have a full explanation of this
