434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
subject from the Executive; but he would receive
those communications hereafter, at a time when
he could examine them with greater deliberation
than at present.
Mr ADAMS replied to the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Thompson.] He com-
plained that, upon several occasions, when gentle-
men had risen apparently for the purpose of
refuting his arguments, they had indulged in
personalities towards himself—in attacks upon
him as an individual. He had heretofore listened
to them in silence, deeming that he had no right
to occupy the tune of the House with subjects
that interested himself only.
The gentleman had stated that Mr. A. was
about to oppose this appropriation. Now, he
had not opposed it, but had said that he thought
more executive informations should have been
sent to the House before they acted on it. He
had also asked the question whether any answer
was made by the Mexican Minister to the com-
munication made to him by our Secretary of
State; and if so, what that answer was, or if that
minister had remained mute ?
The gentleman from South Carolina had charged
Mr. A. with a desire to introduce the question of
the abolition of slavery in this country on that
floor. Now, he said nothing about the abolition
of slavery in the United States, and he wished to
say nothing about it. The gentleman had also
thought proper to go back and charge Mr. A.
(although he did not impute dishonorable motives
to Mr. A., but said that some among his [Mr.
VV. Thompson's] constituents did) with the sole
responsibility of the treaty by which the bound-
ary between the United States and Mexico was
settled, and by which Texas was recognized as
belonging to the latter Power. In reply to this
charge, he would inform the gentleman that he
negotiated that treaty under the eye and under
the instructions of James Monroe, then President
of the United States, and himself a slaveholder.
Every line of that treaty was negotiated by Mr.
Monroe's order; and let Mr. A. tell the commit-
tee that he was the last, the very last man in that
Administration who consented to the treaty; nay
more, that he was the only man in the Adminis-
tration who was for holding on to Texas. He
mentioned also another fact: The present Chief
Magistrate of the United States being in the city
at the time, Mr. A. was directed to take the treaty
to him, and ask his opinion about it, and it was
approved of by that gentleman. He hoped the
gentleman from South Carolina was answered
on this head; and that when the gentleman's
constituents in particular were again disposed to
charge Mr. A. with having given away that
country, they would bear this fact in mind—that
he was tíu last man of Mr. Monroe's Administra-
tion who consented to the treaty, and that he was
the only member of that Administration who was
for holding on to it.
Mr. RIPLEY addressed the committee in rela-
tion to the difficulties growing out of the unde-
fined boundary line settled by the treaty between
the United States and Mexico. The communi-
cations he contended to be satisfactory, and the
House had nothing to do with the response of
.the Mexican Minister to the Secretary of Slate.
He could not avoid expressing his surprise at
what had fallen from the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Adams,] when he remembered
who was the author of the eloquent and learned
defense of General Jackson's taking possession
of Pensacola, the principle of which was identical
with the present exigency on our Louisiana
border.
Mr. REID had had but very little time to inves-
tigate this subject; but it did seem to him that it
was one of too great magnitude to justify them
to be influenced by their passions, or by appeals
to their feelings. In his opinion this debate, and
the communications read that morning, were of
the most extraordinary character. But they ought
to act as legislators for their country. Was it not
extraordinary that newspaper accounts should be
produced and read in that House on a subject of
so grave an import as the present? He believed,
and he hoped, this was the first time such an
occurrence had ever taken place. In his opinion
the newspapers had been the foundation of all the
difficulty.  As to General Gaines, he had no con-
ii fidence in him; his own letter convinced Mr. R.
that that offiser did not deserve confidence. He
was opposed to the appropriation if, in passing it,
they would be sanctioning that letter, or giving a
tacit approval of the President's sanction of that
letter, though he would not for a moment with-
hold it, if it was called for by the condition of our
own frontier. If this appropriation were now
passed, in the fice of these communications, and
the letter of General Gaines stating it to be his
intention to cross the boundary line, makinghim-
self the sole judge of the cause, and the President's
approval of that letter, it would be taken as a
quasi declaration of war. He hoped the subject
would be postponed, so that these papers might
be printed, whereby an opportunity would be
afforded for gentlemen to examine the subject for
themselves. With this view ho moved that the
committee rise; which was lost.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, was in favor
of making an appropriation forthwith, and for
any amount necessary to protect our whole west-
ern frontier. He had no desire to hurry the coun-
try into a war; but if that tyrant, Santa Anna,
should only give one reason for it—should only
1 venture to put his foot within our border—nay,
should even dare to shake his fist at us, he was
¡' for decapitating the miscreant at once. He looked
upon the cause of the Texans as identical with
' that for which our fathers fought and bled—a
struggle for freedom against the tyrannies and
exactions of a blood-thirsty usurper.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, cautioned gen-
tlemen not to go too far in their zeal for defend-
ing the frontier, and endanger it still more; to
take no step, nor sanction any principle, the effect
of which would be to lead to a war with Mexico,
and deluge our southwestern frontier with blood.
He had heard statements, both in the communi-
cations read to the House, and by the gentlemen
from Tennessee, [Mr. Peyton,] from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Thompson,] and from Kentucky, [Mr.
Williams,] that he could not listen to without
regret and alarm. He was surprised that state-
ments from a newspaper, edited, it was said, by
a man who was largely interested in land specu-
lations in Texas, and in whose columns he had
previously seen statements betraying a great want
of knowledge of the situation of affairs in that
country, or an attempt to impose upon the public,
should have been gravely read from the Clerk's
table of that House, and which were calculated
to influence and work upon the feelings of its
members. He believed the foundation of the
controversy grew out of land speculations in that
province, and he had also reason to believe that
a large proportion of the early settlers who went
to that country were opposed to it. Mr. G. then
replied to the argument of his colleague, and con-
tended that the idea of an imaginary line, or
imaginary boundary, was equally new and ab-
surd; for he contended that it was sufficiently
clear and explicit in the treaty made by Mr. Poin-
sett, and that proclaimed during the present ses-
sion of Congress. Coming from that section of
country, and having lived there for thirteen years,
he entered into a minute detail of the localities
defined in the boundary, and denied that there
was any difficulty in relation to it, or at least until
lately. The position which General Gaines was
required to occupy had always been understood
to belong to Mexico.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, said they must all
be very sensible, as he had been from its com-
mencement, that the controversy between the
different portions of the Mexican Republic was
certain to produce consequences deeply affecting
ourforeign relations, and involving interests, do-
mestic and foreign, of the most absorbing char-
acter. The principles involved in the contest,
the contiguity of the seat of hostility to our own
border, and the character of the parties engaged,
were all calculated to produce these results. He
had, therefore, been most anxious to exclude
from this Hall a discussion which might be very
powerful for mischief, but in the present condition
of that controversy could not be productive of
any national benefit.
While he concurred with the gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Garland] in deprecating in de-
bate here the use of language of denunciation
against the  character or conduct of the chief I
Executive of a country with which our relations
were those of amity, peace, and friendship, how-
ever he rmy have been elevated, or may exercise
his authority towards those who are subject to it,
he could not but regret that that gentleman had
himself fallen into a similar error. Under the
treaty of limits existing between the United
States and Mexico, the western boundary of the
United States is described as commencing on the
Gulf of Mexico, at the mouth of the Sabine river,
running on the west bank of that river to the
thirty-second degree of latitude, and thence a
due north line to the Red river. There are two
branches of the river which fall into the Sabine
lake before it enters the gulf, and it is mi unsettled
question which is the boundary. The gentleman
from Louisiana concedes that the eastern branch,
as contended by Mexico, is the true boundary;
while the opinion of his colleague, [Mr. Ripi.ey,]
of the President of the United States, and of
others possessing more accurate geographical
information than he (Mr. M.) did, claim that
the most western branch was the true boundary.
Commissioners are now charged with the duty
of running and fixing this unsettled boundary;
and one of the most important duties of General
Gaines was to afford protection to the commis-
sioners in performing this duty.
It was admitted that Nacogdoches lies south
of the thirty-second degree of latitude, and be-
tween the two branches of the Sabine river. If
the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Garland]
be correct, General Gaines is invested with a
discretionary power of taking a position on the
Mexican territory; but Mr. M. contended that,
under thelaw of nations, and the existing treaties
between the two countries, with the avowed
and bona fide motives of that movement, no just
cause of complaint on the part of Mexico existed.
The debate had been conducted on the gratu-
itous assumption, by some gentlemen, that this
proposition involved a declaration of war against
Mexico; while others seemed to suppose that it
evinced a purpose on the part of the Executive
of the United States to take the part of the people
of Texas in the war in which they are engaged.
Mr. M. confidently asserted that neither conclu-
sion did justice to the Executive, or the object
of the appropriation under consideration.
The great principle which lies at the foundation
of our institutions is, that the people of every
country have the right to adopt and administer
their own form of government without interfer-
ence from others. It was on this principle that
we asserted and achieved our own independence.
It was by the observance of this neutrality—by
abstaining from the quarrels of other nations,
whether foreign or domestic, that our country had
secured its past prosperity, and to the sanie course
we must look for the same results in the future.
Mr. M. said that he was for abiding by these
principles; and he confidently asserted that they
had controlled the course of the Executive in the
instructions to our military commander, which
had been the subject of discussion. He had seen
nothing in those instructions, or the letter of Gen-
eral Gaines, calculated to violate them. Mr. M.
expressed the hope that the question raised by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]
whether the United States will recognize the in-
dependence of Texas, would not be involved in
the consideration of this question. These people
have asserted their rights to an independent self-
government, and are now engaged in a bloody
and appalling struggle to maintain it. Whether
they are to succeed, time alone can decide. If
they shall successfully encounter the fearful odds
arrayed against them, and maintain a it facto
government, it will be for the United States, when
the event shall transpire, to determine on the re-
lations to be established with them: a recognition
of their independence, under such circumstances,
will be no violation of our treaty with Mexico.
But surely nothing has occurred here or elsewhere
to justify a suspicion that it is the purpose of the
President of the United States, or of a majority
of the House of Representatives, under the exist-
ing state of affairs, to exercise this high power.
The Texans have not asked it; they have too
many melancholy proofs of the uncertainty of the
result of their efforts, to expect us to recognize
them as an independent people.   When the fact
