1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
Texans were protected there, he would irwe them to
Wii'kntzton, and burn ii too, as the British once had
¿Tif and that bt \rouid strip the biurets from Gen-
era' Jaehwv \broir that he nould identify the Lmted
Strte* inth f/us Texas affair
Mr W stitl there were many other extraordi-
nar\ t n_ts contained in the letter, that the Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Porter] might inspect the
letter, but that to publish it all, or the writer's
name, would be manifestly improper, and indeed
high.lv dangerous And who (said Mr. W.) is
this Santa Anna that has made this threat > It is,
sir, the Mexican Government, for Santa Anna is
the Government. He has destroyed the Govern-
ment, and substituted in its place a central des-
potism. The army and bayonets of Santa Anna
are now the Government, and such a Gov crnment
as never had a precedent, a Government compared
with which that of the tomahawk and scalping-
knife were mild and merciful' And would apolo-
gies for this blood-stained tyrant and usurper be
offered by any American Senator> Were w e to be
told that we must speak of Santa Anna in terms of
mildness and respect5 Mr. W. said he had spoken
of him, and would speak of him, as he deserved—
as a monster unworthy the name of man And
whilst this Mexican usurper is threatening a war
of extermination and indiscriminate massacre
upon our frontiers, are we coldly debating wheth-
er we shall defend the country or not> One word
as regards the much abused people of Texas.
They were not rebels; Santa Anna was the rebel
It might be that he was in Mexico a successful
rebel, time would determine, but still ho was a
rebel—a rebel against the federal constitution of
Mexico, winch he had prostrated by the bayonets
of a brutal soldiery, and that it was only when this
constitution was overthrown — when its wrecks
and fragments were scattered over the Mexican
empire—and when the surges of despotism were
rolling onward to ingulf the liberties of Texas—
then, and then only, had the people of Texas de-
clared their independence, and however unequal
the conflict might be, Mr. W. did not doubt but
that they would be successful.
Mr. PORTER observed that he was no apolo-
gist for Santa Anna, indeed, he had heard no
apology for him on that floor, as the Senator from
Mississippi seemed to have done. As to going
to war with any Government whose institutions
we did not like, or because they were oppressors
and despots, the idea was absurd. He should
like to know in what sort of a situation we should
be placed, if we entered into such quixotic con-
tests Despots predominated all over the world,
and we had treaties with many of them. We had
treaties with the Sublime Porte; with the Barbary
Powers, and, as the gentleman from Virginia
near him observed, they had treaties with the
Autocrat of all the Russia . We had arrange-
ments with all these Powers; and yet they heard
nothing about them like the language that had
been used in reference to Santa Anna He should
like to know what was the use of this abuse,
unless it was to excite in our people those feel-
ings which the Senator from South Carolina said
he found so difficult to restrain He had as strong
a sympathy for the people of Texas, as strong a
feeling for human rights, and as much hatred of
cruelty and oppression, as any man, but he was
not prepared to go over the world expending our
blood and treasure to succor the oppressed. We
should end (said Mr. P ) by leaving them where
they are, while we should be much worse off
than when we began. It was in vain to indulge
in such feelings—we could do no good by it, and
we might involve ourselves in difficulties with a
foreign Power. The Senator from Mississippi
said that he could not give the name of the author i
of this letter, but that he was a man of the highest
respectability He had seen too much of the
world to attach any credence to reports of this (
kind. He did not question the veracity of the
writer, though he believed that he did not get his
information from a correct source. The idea was
too ridiculous, that Santa Anna should march one
thousand eight hundred miles from the banks of
the Sabine, to plant his banners on this Capitol,
and tear the laurels from the brow of General
Jackson The idea was so ridiculous, that gen-
tlemen there could not hear the letter read without
laughter.   And this, too, was the man who was
said to be a man of genius, and who had success-
fully usurped the Government of his country.
He had nothing to do with Santa Anna. As a
man, and as a fiee citizen of a fiee Government,
he regretted his saugumaiy conduct in Texas,
but he would not conipromit the peace and neu-
trality of the counti y
Mr WALKER stated that he had not said that
any Senator had apologized for Santa Anna, he
had only expressed a hope that no such apology
would be otlered, that the writu of the letter
from which, he had lead an extract, vouched for
the statements and threats made by Santa Anna;
and that the facts were also confirmed from other
sources, that every Senator might peruse the
letter for himself, but that the name of the writer
must not be published. Mr. W. said he should
not have read any part of the letter to the Senate,
but for the call made by the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] and the doubts ex-
pressed by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Porter.] These doubts, however, would disap-
pear upon a perusal of the letter
Air. BROWN regretted very much to hear
expressions that had been used in the course of
the debate, calculated, in his opinion, to stimulate
feelings in the people of this country already
sufficiently excited, and to encourage feelings of
hostility against a nation with which we aie at
peace. He protested, for one, against entenng
into a crusade to regulate the internal concerns of
any nation, he protested against any acts, or the
expression of any feelings, calculated to involve
us in a war with the Government of Mexico He
could attach no impoitance to the expressions
said to have been used by Santa Anna with regard
to this country, for, coming in the way it did, we
could not, consistently with what was due to our-
selves, notice it. When Santa Anna himself
thought proper to address to this Government,
through his diplomatic agents, or promulgate to
the world officially, threats of the nature alluded
to by the Senator from South Carolina, he should
then be ready to resant them, but, coming in the
shape these expressions have done, they were
unworthy of our notice, and ought not to influ-
ence our judgments. They all knew how com-
mon it was, in the city of Washington, to hear
of extraordinary declarations attributed to distin-
guished individuals, and how little credence was
to be attached to them. He did not intend (he
said) to question the veracity of the author of
the lettpr; but he could not avoid questioning the
correctness of his information
But the gentleman from South Carolina had
invoked them in the name of liberty to act in
favor of Texas, (not at this time, for he considers
it premature,) but when the proper time should
arrive. Was the honorable gentleman very cer-
tain that they would favor liberty by engaging in
war in behalf of Texas ' What had these Tex-
ans done to require that we should embroil our-
selves in a war with a country with whom we
were on terms of peace, in order to favor their
cause' They had gone from a land of liberty to
a land of despotism, they had cut asunder the
ties which bound them to the freest and happiest '
country on earth, and although they had our
sympathies, they had voluntarily relinquished all
claims to our support.
But it was said that Santa Annahad overthrown
the Republic of Mexico, trampled on the consti-
tution, and established a despotism; and that,
therefore, we should support the Texans.    We
were (said Mr. B ) the last people on earth who  |
should  meddle with the internal  concerns of  j
another nation.   If there was any one principle
of national law more sacred than another, it was  |
that one nation ought not to interfere with the in- j
ternal policy of its neighbor.    If we set him the
example,SantaAnnamighttakeitintohishead,or I
another foreign Government might do so, that we '
were in need of reformation; that our institutions i
were not such as conformed to their opinions; ¡
and we might have a war on our hands brought
on us by the very example we had set.    He was
utterly opposed to anything of the kind. What,
(said Mr. B.,) shall we become propagandists >
Shall we have scenes here at this capital such as
were witnessed at Pans in the French revolution
when individuals representing every country in
Europe appeared before the Rationed Assembly,
and called on them to liberate them fiom their
oppressors > Shall we have another Anacharsis
Cloots preaching a ciusade in favor of the op-
pressed all over the vvoild > W° were now (said
Mr. B.) in a state ot peace and unexampled pros-
perity, and should we pursue any course cal-
culated to jeopard that peace and impair our
prosperity >
He thought it due to the importance of the
subject to throw out these few observations, he
viewed the subject as piegnant with impoitant
consequences, and considered that oui best in-
terests depended upon puisuing a prudent and
cautious course.
Mr. MOORE could not conceive how the Sen-
ator from North Carolina [Mr. Brown] saw any
proposition there to mterfeie with Santa Anna a
Government. The gentleman seemed to have
mistaken the question before the Senate He
regretted to see the disposition evident in many
gentlemen to give petitions of this nature the go-
by—a measure they were not disposed to mete
out to abolition petitions, for when their recep-
tion was objected to gentlemen talked about vio-
lations of the Constitution. They weietold that
they must not use harsh epithets towards Santa
Anna, gentlemen would excuse him if he did not
choose to be so delicate in his language towards
that blood-tlinsty despot. Who was SantaAnna
that they must not speak of him tn the terms that
hedeseived' Was he not more ferocious and
cruel than the most savage Camanche that roamed
the prairies' Had he not violated the most solemn
pledges, and shed blood without pity and with-
out remorse' These Texans, for whom oui sym-
pathies were excited, were oui countrymen and
kindred, had gone to Texas fiom the purest and
noblest of motives, and he íejoiced to hear the
eloquent Senator fiom South Carolina speak of
them as he did He was himself opposed to doing
anything that would compromit the neutrality of
this countiy, but he could not see how the print-
ing of the memorial, or expressions of gentlemen
on that floor, could have that effect.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had received several
memorials from the city of Philadelphia of the
same characteras those which had been presented
by the Senatorfrom South Carolina, [Mr Pres-
ton ] He had intended to present them this morn-
ing to the Senate, but was prevented fiom doing
so at the pio_per moment by an accidental cir-
cumstance, it was also his intention to have
accompanied their presentation by some re-
marks. These he thought best to offer now,
rather than to wait until to-morrow, and then be-
come instrumental in getting up another debate.
These memorials aske<J Congress " to recog-
nize the independence of Texas, and at such
time, and in such manner a«s may be deemed
proper, to interpose to terminate the conflict
which now rages in that country."
In some remarks which he had submitted to
the Senate a few days since, and Vhich, like all
other proceedings in this body, had been much
misrepresented abroad, he had indulged the feel-
ings of a man and an American citizen. What
he then had uttered were the sentiments of his
heart in relation to the existing struggle inTexas.
But when he was called on as a Senator to recog-
nize the independence of that country, he thought
it prudent to refer back to the conduct of our ances-
tors, when placed in similar circumstances, and
to derive lessons of wisdom from then example.
If there was any one principle of our public policy
which had been well settled—one which had been
acted upon by every Administration, and which
had met the approbation not only of this country,
but of every civilized Government with which
we have intercourse, it was, that we should never
interfere in the domestic concerns of other nations.
Recognizing in the people of every nation the
absolute right to adopt such forms of government
as they thought proper, we had always preserved
the strictest neutrality between the parties, in
every country, while engaged in civil war. We
had left all nations perfectly free, so far as we
were concerned, to establish, to maintain, or to
change their forms of government, according to
their own sovereign will and pleasure. It would
indeed be surprising, and more than that.it would
be unnatural, if the sympathies of the American
people should not be deeply, earnestly enlisted
