1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
Tin t H \Ijl said, i* the "entleman from Ken-
tuck^ [Mr. Willivms} declined yielding the fle>or,
In w on .1 < i ">i • id « uh his n marks on the subject
b    >r>    'i    11) tsi
\l \\ W.iA VMSth n prom dtdtoaihlu'-stlK
H is, i n i ii -.i i|t it oi the in«tiiRtiom> niovtil
u% . rap tut oiamitut ot Wats and Means,
p.i tl in r mv i > sin. h i>i thi ni gumi i>ts ol his t ol-
Kn. o Mi Hv\ii-] as Ik loiisideicd i ir lit
con nd ilt1 ii in prin ip il put ot luscohca nit 's
hliitiiuKiiuu up ot >madil nuiui i i Mis, w i h
out     i  sh iiitivv ot truth iO suppoit Hum
H<_ coiiu iiutd titat t íe rtijutit liom the LvJis.
lature oi i\< n in.k) \v.isiiiH\priSMon >t puohc
opin on, and ought to be lecuvid as siuh, and
ho¡>ed Ii sco1 tague would receivi that i\pris ioii
no , 3i hi Had conitndid it bhould hate bttn
herttoloiv uceivtd. His colleague had charged
the Legislature of Ins ¡stale with having acted in
bad taith, and tor pohtiial eticct, in rilation to
this pu asi rt Mr W. repelled that charge He
had iiime confulenie in the Ligislatuii of his
biate than to suppose they would act in bad faith
on so i upoitant a subject as the present. He
contended that tm v had actid in good ttith,and
agreeable to the wishes oí the pt opk of Kentucky ,
uho A ita Utep and abiding interest on this sub-
ject With rtspect to the assertion of his col-
It ague, th it i ier< were only four representatives
ot tiie (veopk ot Kentucky on that floor, and that
there were nine who were not the repicsentatiies
ol the peopk, lie would say that h s (Mr. W 's)
constt'umts were dicidedly in fat oi of a distil
butioi) ot i ic protceds of the public lands. Air
W. said, as his colli ague had boasted of having
alwavsacied in conformity to the will of his con
Btiiuents, ht wou'd ask him whose representative
he was on th memorable occasion of the passage
ot 'he oi 1, i omvnonly called the force bill His
col lea ene s name (he said) would be found in a
very lean l.unoruv voting against that measure,
whieh measure was concurred in by ninetv -nine
out of a hundred of the people of Kentuck) . His
colleague had said thawhc never would vote for a
measure w hich w ould bring his constituents to
ask or rcct ive money of the General Gov ernment
Now, Mr. W. thought it rather extraordinary
tint his colleague would not vote for a proposi-
tion allow nig his constituents to receive what they
were entitled to Mr. W.'s constituents did de-
mand the passage of the bill, and they demanded
it as a matter of right But his colleague had
raid, Would vou have the people, who are mas-
ters, ask of the representatives, their servants,
to give them this5 Why, Mr. W. had always
considered the relation of master and servant to
be such, that the master had the right to ask his
servant to give him that which he was entitled to,
but his colleague had reversed the nature of things
His colleague had also said if this bill did pass,
that it would take the whole- of that portion of
th<  money which would go to Kentucky to edu-
cate the children in his district. Mr. W. thought
it a singular kind of argument, that because there
would not !>e enough of money to educate all
the children in a State, therefore it should not
be allowed to receive anything for purposes of
education. But he said that his proposition went
to distribute the proceeds of the sales of public
lands, not for a limited time, but while there were
lands in the markf t. He said we had now an iv ed
at a period of unusual prosperity, a period which
to a certain extent, was to fix the policy and
future destiny of the country. The country had
reached a height of prosperity which few gov-
ernments had ever reached at so early an age
He said we were now out of debt—had paid off
the debts which we had incurred during our strug-
gles for liberty, we had paid off, and were still
paying off, those who had rendered service in
days of trial, and notwithstanding all that, we
had an overflowing Treasury, which was increas-
ing with a rapidity heretofore unknown. Ought
they not, then, to fix upon some plan for dispos-
ing of this money' There were different means
of disposing of it Some were for preparing the
country for defense in time of war, by increasing ,
the Navy, building up of fortifications, &c. He
would go as far as any member on that floor to
put the country in a condition for ample and
complete defense : he would go as far as the ¡'
furthest in mcreasing the Navy, but he was
opposed to a sj stem of fortifying the whole sea-
coast He pronounced it impracticable, they
n ver could put the whole Athntic coast undci
foittiiintion Hi wismtivoi ot having ceittm
| onus ton tud, \ndto lmvi nil) v mis protected
but he contended that the most effective way of
piepanng for war was bv íailioads, canals, and
lmpiovnij; the navigation of watii i ourscs By
th it iiitans, in a shoi t turn, nnv numbei of men,
and an\ amount ot munitions of \v ti, nrncht be
bioujit toaiirtini point lit eonsideied this
nil h inoii efficient than to fortiiy the wholi sea-
t oist
Hi was opposid to the publii tieasure nmain-
l.ig in the diposit la iks He did not, however,
pit ti ml to sa) that th( v vv ere unsafe The pi esses
of one political part) biul tht y vie re unsafi, while
thobi of the otlui pionoumed them safe He
would not  pieUnd to decide tint point, but
whither it wis in the vaults of the di posit banks,
or m those of the United States Bank, still he
would bi for removing it and icturning it to the
pockt ts of the people Thi men question of the
mom y being sif or unsati, ought not to influ
met the vote of i single man If the money was
unsafi, the bill could not make it safe The
mom y should be n turned to the people in the
same proportion n w hich it was taken from them
Another reason why the momv should not ri-
mam in the vaults of the banks was, that it was
leav mgtoo muchpown and influence in the hands
of those who had charge of the money It was
t'ie du') of the Representatives of the people to
rtmovt temptation from th President and Secre-
tuyof thi Tieasmv However patnotic and
honorable the pr sent Presidí nt might be, it vas
unkiinw i vv ho was to bo Ins -accessor Let who
wouM be his successor—whrtlicr it was to be
Martin Van Bun n, Hugh L Whit , or William
II Harrison, s'i'l he w ould put the money out
of their reach, bocausf there mulit amvc a timc-
vvhen tht money would be grast ed to perpetuate
a continuance in the office of President for life
It was the duty, therefore, of the representatives
of the people to n move as taras possible all tempt-
ation from the offiers of the- Govci nment Some
(Mr W said) 1. id constitutional objections to
this measuie ot distnbution He would only say
upon that subject that he, for one, had no con-
stitutional serupks He did not believe that the
framers of the Constitution ever intended that
money should be collected to be hoarded up by
the Government in all time to come Mr. W^
then argued that they had the right to distribute
the proceeds of the sales of public lands, and as-
serted that although Kentucky had paid in her
proportion to tht public Trcasuiy, yet she had
never received the first dollar from the Treasury,
while millions had been expended in other States.
Mr TOUCEY obtuned the floor, but gave
way to
Mr JOHNSON, of Tennessee, who submit-
ted a motion to postpone the subject before the
House, and also other debatable petitions upon
the Speaker's table, until Monday next, and that
the rules be suspended for the purpose of calling
on States for petitions which should give rise to
no debate. Mr. J. subsequently withdrew the
motion.
Mr TOUCEY being entitled to the floor, but
preferring to postpone his remarks until another
day, he yielded the floor to
Mr. BOON, who addressed the House on the
subjects embraced m the motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Williams ] As it had be-
come the fashion now not to speak to the subject
before the House, he hoped he would be pardoned
if he should make a small digression from the
subject under consideration. The gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Allen] had, some time
ago, congratulated himself and the country in
having had an opportunity, after a session of
three months, to discuss this proposition,and he
commenced to discuss it by reading extracts of
letters and documents to show that Andrew
Jackson had not pursued the same course in his
administration which he had previously recom-
mended to Mr. Monroe. Mr B. said, about the
close of Mr Monroe's administration, the coun-
try was divided into four great political parties.
Those four partifs were, after the election of
a President by the House of Representatives,
i educed to two—the Adams and Jackson paity
It was then that war was commenced between
the ins and the outs
A.fter General Tackson was elected, he found
himM If mu rounded by men in ofhec who were
hostile to him, and it was necessaiy foi him to
make a ehange,and in consequence of that change,
the ciy of pioscription had been rung ovei the
land ever since he came into office but Mi B
would ask m here this pioscription commenced'
He would say in his place, without the teai of
contradiction, that the fiistwoik of pioscuption,
since the days of Mr Jefh rson, was by that Ad-
ministration which pieccded the pi esc nt, of which
Mi Ci \y had been a piominent membei vv Inch
proscnption was the taking of the publishing of
tlu laws fiom editors who had opposed that \d-
muu&tiation, and giving them to the fnends of
that Administration That was the gentleman
who, he understood, had said, "Give us patron-
age, and we will make ourselves popular " There
was an editor in Vinceunes, Indiana, who was,
and still continued to be, a fnend of the picsent
Administration, who had published the laws in
consequence of hiscential position. Mi.B again
recommender1 this editor to the then Sccretaiy of
Stite but hi discoveied that the printer was to
be i hanged, because he was not a fnend of the
Adnimistiation, and there is wheie the vvoik of
proscnption commenced. But, if this work of
pioscuption had been carried on in Indiana, ho
contended they would have had a Jackson Lcgis-
Iatuie Mr li said theie had been a great deal
sud about < ollai-men, and some gentlemen had
taken occasion to say that they weie not collar-
men, but he had the giatification to ¡,ay that he
was a collar mm He woie the collar of pnnci-
ph , and belonged to that paity, whcthei it was
foitunvtc oi unfortunate, which piofessed to act
upon puncipli He hoped thi y would not hear
so m my charges of paity tactirs^Jjecausc every
""individual who was capable of discernment, must
see that those opposed to the present Administra-
tion were- just as full of proscription, not only in
feeling, but in acts, as any party could be They
would pioscnbe members of Congtcss, membeis
of the Legislature, and Martin Van Buren him-
self, if they had the powei of doing so They
had attempted five times to proscribe Mr. B., and
on ont occasion, had succeeded by one single
¡ vote.
j Much had been said upon the subject before
the House, and many tricks had been played off
j in various places.    He did not believe there was
' any surplus to distribute By a reference it would
be seen that theie were in the deposit banks on
the first of Apnl about thirty-one millions of dol-
dollars There were bills reported to Congress
during the present session, making appropua-
iions of upwards of twenty-seven millions of
dolíais, and they would be called upon foi about
I   six and a half millions for the fulfillment of In-
I dian tieaties, being a sum of upwards of two
millions of dollars over and above the amount in
the deposit banks. Then if these statements were
correct, this matter of passing a bill for the dis-
tribution of the public revenue was a perfect polit-
ical humbug. The question was not to be whether
the people would consent to a distribution of the
public revenue, but whether they would consent
to have drawn from their pockets more money
than was necessary to carry on the operations of
the Government. The effect of the bill then would
be to raise taxes, instead of to distubute the sur-
plus revenue, and he would ask gentlemen if the
money would be returned to the people in the
same ratio in which it was collected  Mr. B.
was opposed to the system of selling the public
lands, which would throw them into the hands of
speculators and land jobbers. But give us (said
Mr. B ) a reduction of the price of the public
lands, and the new States will receive actual set-
tlers instead of land speculators; and then they
would make their own roads and canals, and
make their own improvements He would let
the money rest in the pockets of the peafile, and
would advocate no measure which would have a
tendency to increase taxation, as this bill assur-
edly would, if the estimates he had referred to
were correct. He would have no surplus to dis-
tribute; and if it was likely to ittereaaa, he would
lower taxes and ditties, such as coaM be, so as
