440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
to let the people retain their money in their own ,j
pocket?, to be used us they may see fit.           _     I
Mr LINCOLN moved to take up the joint  '
resolution from  the Senate, "to authorize  the
Secretary of War to receive additional evidence
in support of the claims of Massachusetts for dis-
bursements, services, &c, during the late war."
Mr. McKIM objected. This day was set apart
(at least until one o'clock) for the presentation
of petitions.. No opportunity had been afforded
for the last three weeks to present petitions; and
he had in his possession one which he desired to
have referred.
Mr. WARD hoped that the gentleman would
withdraw his objection. The resolution would
give rise to no debate, and it was important that
jt should be passed.
The resolution was taken up, the question
pending being the following amendment, reported
by the "Committee on Military Affairs:
And that in the settlement of claims of other States
upon the United States for services, disbursement*, and
expenditures during the late war with Great Britain, the
same kind of evidence, vouchers, and proof, shall ho re-
ceived as h herein provided for in relation to the claim of
Massachusetts, the validity of which shall be, in like man-
ner, determined and acted upon by the Secretary of War.
The amendment was concurred in; and the
resolution as amended was read the third time
and passed.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, on leave, presented a
document from the War Department on the sub-
ject of cannon and a national foundery; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHILLIPS, on leave,presentedapctition.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following amendment of the Senate to the naval
appropriation bill:
Sec. 2. Jini be it further enacted, That an exploring ex-
pedition to the Pacific ocean and the South seas be, and the
same is hereby, authorized and directed, and that the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
to prepare and send out forthat purpose asloop of war, and
to purchase or provide such other smaller vessels as may
be necessary and proper to render the said expedition effi-
cient and useful.
Sec. 3. Jind be it/urther enacted, That the use of so much ]
of the appropriations for the support of the Navy, and of the
means and facilities under the control of the Navy Depait- '
ment, as may be necessary and proper for that object.be,
and the samé i* hereby, authorized ; and, in addition thereto,
the sum of $130,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
The question pending being the following sub-
stitute for the foregoing, adopted in Committee
of the Whole, on the motion of Mr. Jarvis:
Strike out all after the word " that," in the first line, and
insert:                                                                               j
The President of the United States be, and he is hereby,   '
authorized, if in his opinion the public interest shall require,   ¡
to send out a surveying and exploring expedition to the
Pacific ocean and South seas: and for that purpose to em-
ploy a sloop of war, and to purchase or provide such other
email vessels as may be necessary and proper to render the
■aid expedition efficient and useful; and for this purpose the
sum of $150,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri- i
ated ! and, in addition thereto, if necessary, the President   I
of the United States is authorized to use other means in the   ,
control of the Navy Department, not exceeding $150,000, I
for the objects required.                                                     !
Mr. PATTON said that, when he was inter-
rupted the other day by the calling of the orders '
of the day, he was proceeding to state the ground ¡
of his-objection to the amendment proposed by ¡
the committee of the House to the amendment of !
the Senate.    He apprehended that the point of
his objection had been misunderstood.   He did \
not intend to make an argument against the au-
thority of the Government to fit outand direct such
an exploring expedition. He had his doubts about
it, but was willing to hear what could be said in
favpr of it, and to indicate the result of his reflec-
tions upon it by a silent vote.    But he objected to
the change of the proposition made by the Com-
mittee of Naval Affairs of this House. The ori-
nal proposition was, that Congress should author-
ize a^jf direct the institution of this expedition.
The amendment proposed to make an appropri-
ation authorizing the .expedition, provided the
President should be of opinion that it was expe-
dient to send it out and establish it.
Thegeniieman from Connecticut [Mr. Tqucey]
is mistaken in supposing that, by the amendment,
Congress decides that the expedition ia proper,
but gives the President the privilege of preventing
it, if he thinks it ought not to be undertaken; and
if it were so, it would not remove the objection.
If this thing be right, we ought to direct it to be
done by law, and leave the President to execute
the law. If it be not right in our opinion, or if
we are not satisfied that it is right, we ought not
to leave it in the discretion of the Executive to do
it. Mr. P. said he held it as an important prin-
ciple in the administration of the affairs of the
Government, that as little discretion as possible
should be transferred to the executive depart-
ment; that Congress—the legislative department
—whenever it is competent to that department,
should direct what ought to be done in the execu-
tion of the legislative powers of the Government;
and that the Executive Department should be
confined to the execution of the laws directed by
Congress; and, in relation to this matter, I main-
tain that the amendment involves a transfer to
the executive department of a portion of the
legislative power of Congress, and to devolve
upon him a responsibility and burden which ap-
propriately does not belong to the duties of an
Executive. Is this business of instituting an
expedition to explore distant seas and regions a
proper subject of legislation, or is it not? The
very terms of the original proposition, as well as
those of the amendment, show the general sense
that it mvist be authorized by Congress. If so,
it is a part of our legislative power to authorize
it, or not to authorize it. The Executive has no
power to institute it until Congress shall by law
authorize it. When, therefore, instead of deciding
that it shall be instituted, we refer it to the Exec-
utive to say whether it shall be instituted or not,
we invest him with a part of our legislative
power, and shift from our own shoulders the
responsibility of doing what, if done at all, we
ought to order to be done. , The principle of the
amendment, in my judgment, goes the whole
length of sanctioning our right to devolve upon
the Executive the whole legislative business of
the country,' if we thought he could do it better,
and were disposed to relieve ourselves from the
burden of it.
Mr. P. said he theught it invaded that principle
of separation which ought to be so sedulously
preserved between the several departments of
the Government, the importance of which could
hardly be overrated for maintaining thejusttheory
and harmonious action of the system. Mr. P.
said he knew not, and cared not to know, whether
the performance of this duty, which it was pro-
posed to devolve upon the Executive, would be
agreeable to him or not. He may consider it an
unpleasant duty, or he may desire the privilege
of authorizing what some parts of the country
think so beneficent a measure, or he may be en-
tirely indifferent about it. I know nothing about
this. My objections arc not influenced by any
desire to relieve the President from a burden, or
deprive him of any gratification. I object to the
principle of the amendment, under which it seems
to me we might with the same propriety transfer
to the Executive the discretion to do or not to do
any other legislative duty. If this expedition
ought to be undertaken, let us direct it absolutely
and positively to be instituted. If it be not right
to institute, let us say so, and prevent it from being
proceeded in. We surely ought not to be per-
suaded to abstain from the performance of our
own peculiar legislative duty in determining if
this expedition ought to be directed, and to de-
volve it upon the Executive, by the reason given
by the chairman of the Committee of Naval
Affairs, to wit: that we have not the necessary
information, or means of obtaining it, to enable
us to decide it. I am not prepared to give any
sanction to it until I have the necessary inform-
ation to satisfy me it ought to be carried on.
Mr. HAMER concurred to a great extent in
the views of the gentleman from Virginia on the
amendment, for he held that each branch of the
Government should take the responsibility be-
longing to it, whether legislative, executive, or
judicial, and therefore he should have preferred
the original amendment of the Senate. On the
subject of the expedition, it had been opposed on
the ground of novelty. This was not the fact,
for every nation in Europe had sent out similar
exploring expeditions.   Again, with regard to
the, power of Congress to authorize this expedi-
tion, he maintained that the authority Was derived
under that clause of the Constitution in relation
to the interests of commerce. As precedents, he
adduced the surveys of Mr. Haslcr of the coasS
of the United States, and the instructions to
Messrs. Featherstonaugh and Long. They were
all national objects, similar to the one proposed
for an exploring expedition to the South sea,
and on that ground he should vote for it. Mr,
H. entered into a review of the plan proposed,
and the advantages that the South sea fishing in-
terest in particular, and the commercial interest in
general, would derive from it. He also bestowed
a high commendation upon Mr. Reynolds, who
was actuated alone by disinterested and patriotic
zeal, and whose services would be afforded,
whether he was employed by the Government or
not. Mr. H. had known him from his boyhood,
and had the means of estimating his character.
He expressed his surprise that the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Hawes,] some days since,
should have denounced the scheme as visionary,
after the unanimous expression of opinion now
before the House from so many enlightened
individuals. The whole commercial community
almost had petitioned for it. The East Indian
Marine Society of Salem, Massachusetts, com-
posed of members who must all have doubled
one of the capes, had also petitioned for it; and
j there were now before Congress the expression
\ of the Legislatures of seven different States in its
favor. It was due to this great country that it
•hould add something to the stock of nautical
knowledge; and he cited the authority of Com-
1 modore Downes for saying that every chart now
' used in navigating the South seas was the pro-
duct alone of European enterprise and informa-
I tion.
! Mr. REED remarked that this was truly a
1 national object, and one the justice, the expe-
| diency, or the constitutionality of which he had
j no doubt. He should have preferred taking the
' responsibility himself, a one of the members of
that House; but he had no fears of the result, if
it was left to the Executive. Mr. R. adverted to
the extent of our commerce in the South searthe
number of ships engaged in that navigation, and
the dangers and perils attendant thereon, in con-
sequence of the existing defective charts, and the
want of practical information being collected and
embodied for the use of the navigator; and dwelt
on these points at some length. He referred to
a variety of oral and documentary testimony in
support of the object of this expedition, and to
' show that it was in no sense of a local character.
Mr. HAWES again opposed the proposition.
He said it went to appropriate no less than.
$300,000 for an exploring expedition to the South
i seas, which, he was satisfied, was exceeding the
power given to Congress under the Constitution.
Moreover, it ought not to have been fixed upon,
a bill for the naval service, in the face of the prin-
ciple heretofore acted on, that no appropriation
should be inserted in any of the bills for the
service of the Government but such as were au-
thorized by an existing law. Every proposition
to amend the other appropriation bills had been
rejected on this very ground. This alone was a
sufficient argument against it. Nor was he to be
governed in his vote by any such consideration
as that the Governments of Europe had author-
ized it. As well might he be called on to give
his vote for a standing army of one or two hun-
dred thousand men, because the Governments of
Europe authorized such establishments. They
had their dukes, and their marquises, and lords,
but that was no reason why we should.
Mr. HAMER explained that he had not called
upon any gentleman to vote for this proposition,
because the Governments of Europe had uu-
thorized similar exploring expeditions. He had
merely adverted to the fact that such expedi-
tions were not novel, in replication to the argu-
ment of the gentleman himself that this was of
a novel character.
Mr. HAWES should, however, in no way, be
governed by what the Government of Europe had
done. He did not follow them in their political
institutions, nor was he disposed to do so in any-
thing else of a speculative character. He denied
that the benefits contemplated would result from
