1836!
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
this expedition. With reference to the surveys
of Mr. Hasler, they were valuable, because they
related to our own coast. As to Mr. Feather-
stonaugh's book, there was not a single idea,not
a solitary new fact in it; and this was the opinion
of men of the West who had examined it. But
even if the book was valuable, it offered no reason
for the present proposition. Was it recommended
by tUe Secretary of the Navy ? It was not. So
far from it, he had been given to understand that
that gentleman was opposed to it. Mr. H. really
could not believe that it would pass that House.
If it did, he believed they should next have a
proposition for a voyage ofdiscovery to the moon,
or of carrying out the plan of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] for erecting light-
houses in the skies.
Mr. PHILLIPS denied that the object of this
expedition was of a visionary character; for if he
could bring himself to believe so he should vote
against it. He did not, however, approve of the
amendment coming from the Naval Committee,
as it presented many difficulties, such as those
adverted to by the gentleman from Virginia; and
he would have preferred the amendment of the
Senate, though he should vote for the former.
Mr. P. then reviewed the subject at some length,
presenting the difficulties attendant on the nav-
igation of the South Seas, from its great extent,
its almost innumerable islands, and its coral reefs,
referring also to the extent of commerce in that
quarter. He was in favor of the expedition, be-
cause he was satisfied the result of it would tend
most materially to diminish, if not altogether re-
lieve seamen from the danger attendant on South
sea voyages; and he also promised himself that
important commercial advantages would grow
out of such an expedition. On these two points
Mr. P. dwelt at some length, and cited a variety
of documentary and statistical details, illustrative
of the present extent of our commerce in the
South seas.
Mr. SUTHERLAND made an earnest appeal
to the House to take the question without further
discussion, and he would give way for that pur-
pose, though, if the debate was continued, he
should claim the floor.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
to the amendment of the Senate was then agreed
to.
The question recurring on agreeing to the
amendment as amended,
Mr. HA WES asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. DICKERSON was opposed to the whole
proposition; for he did not believe it expedient,
even if it were constitutional. Moreover, they
had not the information before them necessary to
enable them to acton the subject understanding^;
and he was opposed to this hasty mode of legis-
lation by tacking new propositions to bills with
which they had no necessary connection. The
bill for the service of the Navy had now been de-
layed for weeks in discussing a measure for an
exploring expedition which, if carried into effect,
it was doubtful whether any benefit would result.
The subject was not a new one, and action on it
had before failed in Congress. He then referred
to the report of a former committee of the Senate
on the subject, unfavorable to such an expedi-
tion, and sent the report to the Clerk's table to be
read.
Mr. CAMBRELENG did not rise (he said) to
engage in this debate, but to intreat the House
not to carry the ordinary Navy appropriation bill
upon an exploring expedition further than it had
airead v gone. He regretted that this amend ment
should have been made by the Senate; not that
he was opposed to the object, for he deemed it
highly expedient, but he threw himself upon the
indulgence of the House to intreat them to vote
on it at once, and either adopt it or reject it. The
passage of this appropriation bill had now been
postponed fora month, in consequence of the Sen-
ate's amendment.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendment as amended; and the vote was__
yeas 92, nays. 68.
So the amendment as amended was concurred in.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and took up and consid-
ered the amendments of the  Senate to the bill
making appropriations for the  support of the ■
army for the year 1836.
The amendments were of an unimportant char-
acter; one was merely verbal, and the other ap-
propriated only the sum of $300 for completing a
medal ordered to be struck and presented to Gen-
eral Ripley, and other officers, for their meritori-
ous conduct during the late war, by a resolution
of a former Congress.
The amendments were severally concurred in,
and the bill was laid aside.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee then took up the bill making appropria-
tions for certain fortifications of the United States
for the year 1836.
The bill having been read by the Clerk,
Mr. CAMBRELNG proposed to amend the
same by inserting a clause for the armament of the
fortifications, in addition to the amount, appropri-
ated in the bill making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for 1836, $700,000.
On motion of Mr. McCOMAS, the committee
then rose, and reported the Army appropriation
bill to the House; and the amendments of the
Senate to that bill were severally concurred in.
BRIDGE AT HARPER'S FERRY.
On motion of Mr. MERCER, by general con-
sent, the House took up the bill to authorize the
Shenandoah Bridge Company at Harper's Ferry
to erect a bridge on the lands of the United States
at or near the town of Harper's Ferry.
The bill was read a second time, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, the House then
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 10, 1836.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Navy Department, in reply to a resolution of the
Senate, on the subject of compensation of the
clerks in the public offices; which, on motion of
Mr. Grundy, was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WALKER presented the petition of the
heirs of Peter Walker, praying to be permitted
to locate land in lieu of that claimed by them and
sold by the United States; which Was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. KENT presented tha petition of Eleanor
Wills; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. HUBBARD presented the petition of the
heirs of General Jacob Bailey, of the revolution-
ary army; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States.
Washington, May 10,1836.
To the Sentte and House of Representatives:
Information has been received at the Treasury Depart-
ment, that the four installments under our treaty with France
have been paid to the agent of the United States. Incom-
munitiatihg tttis satisfactory termination of our controversy
with France, I feel assured that both Houses of Congress
will unite with me in desiring and believing that the antiei-
Cations of the restoration of the ancient cordial relations
etween the two countries, expressed in my former mes-
sages on this subject, will be speedily realized. No proper
exertion of mine shall be warning to efface the remem-
brance of those misconceptions that have temporarily inter-
rupted the accustomed intercourse between them.
ANDREW JACKSON.
.REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.             |
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to
Guy Hitchcock,a soldierof theRevolution; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported the bill for the relief of
Nancy Haggard, without amendment.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. SOUTHARD, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the amendments
of the House to the amendments made by the
Senate to the bill making appropriations for tie
naval service for the year 1836; and the same were
severally concurred in, with the exception of the
amendment providing that the exploring expedi-
tion to the South seas shall be fitted out, ''pro-
vided that the President shall be of opinion that siicft
expedition is proper and necessary for the puhlic ser-
vice;" the provision having been struck out on
motion of Mr. Southard—yeas 26, nays 3, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Clay, Clayton, Davis,
Ewing of Ohio, Grundy, Hendricks, Hubbard, Kent, Knight,
Leigh, Linn, Naudain, Niles, Prentiss, Rives, Kobbins,
Ruggles, Sheplev, Southard, Swift, Tallmadge, Tomhnson,
Walker, and White—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Hill, King of Georgia, and Wright—3.
DEPUTY COLLECTOR AT NEWCASTLE.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported-a bill providing for the appoint-
ment of a deputy collector to reside at New
Castle, Delaware; which was, by unanimous
consent, read twice, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The  following bills  were severally read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to a third reading:
The bill for the relief of David McCord;
The bill for the relief of Captain M. T. Wool-
sey, of the United States Navy;
The bill to carry into effect the ninth article of
the treaty with Spain;
The bill for the relief of Daniel Stoddert;
The bill to increase the pension of Thomas
Harrison;
The bill for the relief of Orris Gay;
The bill for the relief of Carey Clark;
The bill for the relief of Albert Pawling;
;     The bill for the relief of John Powell;
The bill for the relief of Richard Anderson;
!     The bill for the relief of the widow of Captain
| Samuel Gibbs;
)     The bill for the relief of Dr. Samuel White;
j     The bill for the relief of Ransom Mix and John
i McLeod;
The bill for the relief of John A. Rodgers;
The bill for the relief of Leslie Combs;
The bill for the relief of Jonathan Elkins;
The bill for the relief of Jean Baptistc Janis,
Sr., of Missouri;
The bill to increase the pension ofJacob Slough;
The bill for the relief of Stephen Bohannan;
The bill for the relief of Guy Hitchcock;
The bill explanatory of the actentitled "An act
to prevent defalcations on the part of the disburs-
\ ing agents of the Government," passed January
! 25, 1828;
I     The bill for the relief of Samuel Warner;
\     The bill for the relief of Joshua Hatch and
' others, interested in a fishing vessel which was
lost at sea;
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Flicker, late
widow of Henry Richards, deceased;
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Bennett and
others;
The bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Joseph Hazlitt and Jemima Munroe;
The bill for the relief of the owners, officers,
and crews of the private armed vessels Neptune
and Fox;and
Tiie bill providing for the payment of certain
companies of militia of Missouri and Indiana,
who were embodied for the protection of the fron-
tiers against the Indians in 1832.
BILLS PASSED.
The following "bills from the House were sev-
erally read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole, and ordered to a third
reading; and, after having been engrossed, were,
by unanimous consent, read the third time, and
passed:
The bill granting pensions and arrearages of
pensions to certain persons therein narried;
The bill for the relief of Amy Wilson-,
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth May;
The bill for the relief of Peter Doxtater and
Jacob Weaver;
The bill for the relief of Benedict Alford and
Robert Brush;
The bill granting a pension to Colonel Gideon
Morgan;
The bill for the relief of IsjrMT^Ws;
Thb bill for the reliefof jfei^rSy**;
