442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
The bill for the relief of Joseph W. Worm-
stead, of Marblehead, and the crew of the
schooner Sally, which was lost at sea;
The bill for the rehef of Abiel Rhodes and
others, owners, officers, and crew of the schooner
Mary; and                             -
The bill for the relief of Reuben Colbourn.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 10, 1856.
Petitions and memorials were presented, on ;
leave, by Messrs. McKIM, INGERSOLL, JUD- i
SON, HOWARD, PARKER, ADAMS, LAW-
RENCE, PINCKNEY, BOND, JOHNSON of ,
Tennessee, JOHNSON of Louisiana, MUH-
LENBERG, BOYD, and HARRISON of Mis-
souri.
Mr. McKIM presented a memorial of the Board
of Trade of the city of Baltimore, praying for
the establishment of a daily express mail from
New Orleans, through the principal cities, to Port-
land. Also, a memorial from the same board,
asking for the passage of a bill to encourage the
employment of boys in vessels of the United i
States.
Mr. LAWRENCE presented a petition of
Thomas Cushing, of the city of Boston, owner
of the schooner Germantown, of Boston, which
schooner was duly licensed and engaged during
the last season in carrying on the codfishery,
praying that the bounty granted by law to vessels
so licensed and employed may be paid to him,
which bounty is withheld because said schooner
returned into the port of Ellsworth, and not to
the port of Boston; which was referred to the
Committee of Commerce.
Also, a petition of Joseph Eustis, merchant of
Boston, praying that the duties paid by him on
a quantity of merino goods, imported into the
port of New York in 1834, over and above the
rate of duty usually imposed on such goods, may
be refunded with interest, so that he may be
placed on the same footing with other merchants
engaged in the importation of the same article;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
RELATIONS WITH MEXICO.
On motion of Mr. EVERETT, the following
resolution offered by him yesterday was taken
up:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to this House, if in his opinion
it shall not be incompatible with the public interest, the
instructions which have been transmitted from time to time
since the first day of January, 1835, to the representative of
the United States at the Government of Mexico, relative to
the boundaries between the two nations, and relative to
the setting on foot military expeditions by citizens of the
United States against the Mexican province of Texas; and
relative to the military occupation, or contemplated occu-
pation, under the authority of the President, of any post or
place within the said province of Texas, and all corre-
spondence and communications which have passed at
Washington or at Mexico, between the two Governments,
respecting the same; and all information in possession of
the Executive respecting the same; and also, that the Pres-
ident be requested to communicate to this House all orders
and instructions issued to the military or other officers of the
United States or of the States, relative to the defense of
the western frontier, and all correspondence between them
and the Government respecting the same.
The question being on the adoption of the
resolution,
Mr. ADAMS said, as this subject was some-
what connected with the debate which took place
on Saturday last, and in which he had made a
statement, noticed in the Globe of this morning,
as follows:
"We are informed that several members of Congress
have made inquiries of the President in relation to the fact
stated by Mr. Adams in debate, that he had consulted bim
(then a Major General in the United States Army) in regard
to the limits stipulated in the treaty of 1819, for the south-
western frontier of the Union. We are informed that the.
President, in reply to these inquiries, has said, that Mr.
Adams must have fallen into some mistake; that be has not
the slightest recollection of having been consulted on the
subject; that he could not have expressed an opinion in re-
gard to the stipulation, because he had not any exact in-
formation at that time, either in regard to the topography
of the country, or the nature and extent of the claim set
up for it by our Government; and because the only point in
the treaty with which his duties as a military man made
bim acquainted being Florida, he presumes, if consulted at
all in relation to the treaty, of which he has no recollection,
it must have been in regard to that Territory"—
He wished to say a word before the question
upon the resolution should be taken.   With ref-
erence to this statement, he had only to say, that
of the recollections of the President of the United
States he knew nothing; but in consequence of
this statement in the Globe, he felt himself called
upon to repeat the statement which he had made
on Saturday last, and to say, that the consulta-
tion with the present President of the  United
States, to which he had then adverted, was not
because he was a military commander in  the
Army of the United States, though he was then
acting in that capacity.    The treaty was signed
on the 22d of February, 1819; and he presumed
it was in the recollection of many members of the
House, that General Jackson was at that time in
this city, as that was the celebrated session during
which his proceedings in the Seminole war were
subjects of deliberation in both Houses of Con-
gress; and General Jackson was here during the
consideration of that subject, and was here at the
time of the conclusion of the treaty.    He now
repeated, that with regard to the western or south-
ern boundary of the United States mentioned in
that treaty, he (Mr. A.) was the last person in
the cabinet of Mr. Monroe who assented to that
boundary.   Mr.  A. was the  negotiator of the
treaty with Mr. Onis, the Spanish Minister, and
he acted upon the principle that it was his duty
to concede nothing, either territory or anything
else, claimed on the part of the United States.
Whatever he did was subject to the decision of
his superior, the President of the United States,
under whose orders he acted; and he would further
state, that during the negotiation of that treaty,
which was partly carried on by personal confer-
ences with Mr. Onis, and partly by correspond-
ence, there was nothing either in the conferences
nor in the correspondence, of which he did not
make immediate report to the President of the
United States, both of the communications made
to Mr. Onis and of those received from him.   In
every step in relation to that treaty, the President
took advice of the whole of his cabinet; in no one
single instance was there a concession of any
claim proposed or advised by Mr. A.  He did not
mean to say that he did anything but what he
was bound to do, or was his duty; and he had
carried through that measure the same principle
as he had done in all others which had been as-
signed to him. Acting immediately under the eye
of the President, Am duty was to defend the whole
claim of the United States; and to the best of his
ability he had done so.    Concession might, and
did, come from  others—it was in no instance
whatever proposed by him.
But to come to the precisa point. After the
treaty had been framed and ready to receive the
signatures of the contracting parties, but before
there was any obligation upon our part to sign it,
by the express direction of Mr. Monroe, he (Mr.
A.) took the treaty, drawn up as it was, to Gen-
eral Jackson, not as to the military commander
of the Army of the United States, but as to a
highly distinguished citizen of the United States,
who, being here at the time, the then President
of the United States thought proper to consult
upon a subject of such great importance. He
took the treaty to him at his lodgings, which were
in a house at that time kept, he believed, by Mr.
Strother. He took and delivered that treaty into
the hands of General Jackson, with the particu-
lar request from Mr. Monroe that he would read
it over and give his opinion upon it. He would
state further, that General Jackson kept the treaty
some time, possibly not more than one day, but
he kept it a sufficient time to form a deliberate
opinion upon it; and that he (Mr. A.) called upon
him after a day or two, and that he returned the
treaty, with his approbation of that particular
boundary.
The resolution was then agreed to.
INDEPENDENCE OF TEXAS.
Mr. SUTHERLAND asked the consent of the
House to present a petition from sundry citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to recognize
the independence of Texas.
Objection being made Mr. S. moved to suspend
the rule to enable him to present the petition re-
ferred to.
Mr. DENNY had several petitions which he
desired to present.  He hoped his colleague would
move to suspend the rule until one o'clock, so as
to call the States generally for petitions.
Mr. SUTHERLAND modified his proposition
accordingly; when it was negatived without a
count.
Mr. HAYNES moved to take up and consider
the resolution from the Senate, fixing a day for
the final adjournment of the present session of
Congress.
Mr. HEISTER asked for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
Objection being made to taking up the resolu-
tion,
Mr. HAYNES moved to suspend the rules, in
order to enable him to submit a motion to that
effect.
Mr. MANN, of New York, asked for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered; and, being
taken, were—yeas 87, nays 90.
So the motion to suspend the rules was nega-
tived.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Curtis Grubbs; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. MUHLENBERG, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, reported the following
bills; which were read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of the heirs-at-law of Wad-
ley Noyes; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs-at-law of Lieu-
tenant James Conway.
Mr. M., from the same committee, reported,
without amendment, bills from the Senate, in
addition to the acts for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of George Hurlbert, and of Lucy
Bond, and Hannah Douglass.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported, without amendment, a
joint resolution from the Senate to apply the un-
expended balance of the appropriation for build-
ing a bridge across the Potomac to the improve-
ment of Maryland, avenue leading to said bridge;
and the same was committed.
Mr. BRIGGS, on leave, presented certain
amendments to the rules of the House; which
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported a bill in-
creasing the compensation of the clerks in the
several offices therein named; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill for the relief of
S. Morris Wain & Co.; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. GILLET, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following bills; which were
read twice and committed:
A bill for the relief of Squire Sterns; and
A bill for the relief of Henry Beamish.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Virginia, moved that the
morning hour for Thursday rfext be set apart for
the consideration of the bill to extend the pension
act of 1832; which being objected to,
Mr. J. moved to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of making the motion.    Lost.
Mr. HARRISON, of Missouri, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, reported a bill making
a donation of land to the State of Missouri and
Territory of Arkansas for the purpose of con-
structing a road for military and other purposes;
which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. CONNOR, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported several
amendments to the bill for the organization of
the Post Office Department; which were ordered
to be printed.
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions,
&c, were made by Mr. WHITTLESEY, of
Ohio, from the Committee of Claims; Mr.
STORER, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions; Messrs. MUHLENBERG, CRAIG,
CRANE and BEAUMONT, from the Cornmittee
on Revolutionary Claims; Messrs. EVANS and
HARPER, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions; and by Mr. HARRISON, of Missouri,
from the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of
