444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
all the various bearings of all subjects in any wise
connected with the public land . Therefore,..! 
hoped the bill would be referred to the appropriate
committee—the Committee on Public Lands.        i
Mr. GRANGER was in favor of the motion to
refer the bill to n Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. It was not many days since
they were told by the Chairman of the Commit-
tee of the Judiciary, on bills involving some of
the strongest constitutional principles that could
arise, that-at that stage of the session, even to
refer a subject to a Committee of the Whole
House, was as much as to declare the death war-
rant of those bills; and still it was urged, that
this bill should not only be referred to a commit-
tee, but a committee which was pledged against
the principles of the bill. The Committee on
Public Lands had brought another proposition
before the House; and as to the Committee of
Waysrand Means, if they were to judge of it, it
was pledged against this proposition. He wished
to have the bill to graduate the price of the public
lands, and this proposition, set side by side in
committee, and then let each bill stand on its in-
trinsic merits.
Mr. LINCOLN was in favor of committing
the biH to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.    He said, let it be referred to
—what committee it might, it would hare to come ¡
back to the Committeeof the Whole on the state of '
the Union, and be discussed there.  He then went ,
into an argument to show that the subject ought !
not to be referred to the Committee on Public I
Lands, because they had expressed an opinion
in relationto the subject already.  He also argued
that it should not be sent to the Committee Of
Ways and Means; because if they were to judge i
of the opinions of that committee by the declara- '
tions of its chairman—that that committee was
decidedly hostile to this-measure, he would as i
soon vote against the bill as to send it to a com-
mittee who were pledged to make, an unfavorable I
report thereon;  therefore, believing thai they |
were as well prepared to act now as after areport
should be made from a committee, he would vote ;
to refer it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.        -                                     ;  |
Mr. GILLET obtained the floor, and spoke for >
a few moments in support of ¿is motion to refer I
the bill to the Committee of Ways and Means, j
He contended that the duties; of the Committee I
.on the Public Landssvere different from the sub- ¡
ieet contained in the bill, and read the rule of the
House in support of this position. He than read i
the rule denning the duties of'the Committee of
Ways and Means, and contended that the duties |
of that committee made is necessary to refer the i
subject to thatcommittee.                                       I
The CHAIR here announced the arrival of the
hour for proceeding to the orders of the day. ¡
Mr. MORRIS moved that the rule be suspended i
for the purpose of continuing the consideration I
of the measure then before the House; and, upon '
that motion, called for the yeas and nays; subse- |
quently he withdrew the call for the yeas and (
nays, and the motion to suspend was lost.           j
DEFENSE OF THE WESTERN FRONTIER.      |j
The House then proceeded to the execution of |'
the special order adopted some days~ since, and
went into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Parker in the chair,)
on the following bill:
A Bill to provide for the better protection of the western
frontier:
Be U enacted by the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United States of American Congress assembled, That
the President be, and be is hereby, authorized to cause to
be surveyed and opened a military road, from some point
upon the right bank of the Mississippi river, between the
month of the St. Peters and the mouth of the Oes Moines
nvers, upon such route as may appear best calculated to
effect the purposes of this act, to Red river.
Sec. 2. And lc,it further enacted, That the said road shall
pass west of the State of Missouri and of the Territory of
Arkansas, and shall be so constructed as to enable troops to
move along the same with proper facility; and the following
mode of construction shall be adopted, subject to audi alter-
ations and additions as the President may, from time to
time, direct to be made. The timber shall be cut down to a
reasonable width, and the wet and marshy places shall b*
causewayed or otherwise rendered passable; cheap bridles
shall be erected over the smaller streams, not having good
fords 'across them; and, where it may be found necessary
the road may be thrown up in the center.           •     -
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That military .«cats
shall lie constructed at such places along (be said road as,
in the opinion of the President, maj be most proper fqr the
' protection of the frontier, and for the preservation nf the
I necessary communication.
Sec. 4. .Aid be it further enacted, That the troops of the
i United States shall be employed in performing the labor
I herein required, whenever, in the opinion of the President,
the same can be done with a íust regard to their other du-
ties; and the other labor rendered necessary shall tie pro-
cured in BUch manner as the President may direct.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That the sum of one
hundred thousand dollars shall be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, to be applied towards the accomplishment ot
the oojects specified by this act.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, made a brief
explanation of the object of the bill.
Mr. VINTON doubted the power of the House
to make this road through the Indian country.
Mr. MANN, of New "i ork, suggested an amend-
ment which he thought would meet the gentle-
man's objection; which was to strike out the
words from the second section. " shall pass west
of the State of Missouri and of the Territory of
Arkansas."
Mr. VINTON replied that that would not al-
together remove his objection to the clause.
1 Mr. McKAY then moved to amend the section,
by inserting after the word Arkansas, *' on con-
dition that the consent of tlio Indian tribes through
whose territory it shall pass, shall be previously
obtained; and if such assent of seid tribes cannot
be obtained, then the road shall be made east of
the western boundaries of said State and Terri-
tory."
Mr. VINTON approved of that amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, should
vote against the amendment, because he thought
it better In no case to construct a road through
the Indian country, cither with or without the
consent of the tribes.
The amendment was further discussed by
Messrs. HUNTSMAN, HARRISON of Mis-
souri, EVERETT, ASHLEY, WHITTLE-
SEY ot Ohio, and THOMSON of Ohio.
The amendment was then agreed to; and the
bill was laid aside.
The committee then took up and considered
the bill for the construction of an.arsenal in the
State of North Carolina; which wasMaid aside.
The bill for "the repairs and improvements of
the United States .arsenal at Charleston, South
Carolina, was then taken up and considered, and
the blank filled up with $20,000.
The commute then rose, and reported the fore-
going bills to the House.
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair,
communicated to the House the following mes-
sage from the President of the United States:
Washisgto!., Jlay 10,1835.
To the Senate and House of Representativa:
Information has been received at tt.e Treasury Depart-
mentthattae four installments under our treaty with France
have been paid to the agent of the United Stages. In com-
municating this sausfaetory termination of the controversy
with France, I feel assured that both Houses of Congress
will unite with me in desiring and believing that the anti-
cipations of a restoration of the ancient cordial relations
between the two countries, expressed in my former message
i on this subject, will be speedily realized. No proper exer-
tion of mine shall be wanting to efface the remembrance of
those misconceptions that have temporarily interrupted the
accustomed intercourse between them.
i                                             ANDREW JACKSON.
I                      FORTIFICATION BILL.
I The House, in further execution of the special
' order of the 26th of January, resolved itself into
, the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
| Union, (Mr. Mann, of New York, in the chair,)
J and continued the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for certain fortifications
of the United States for the year 1836.
The question pending was the amendment of
Mr. Cambreleng, to appropriate $700,000 for the
armament of the fortifications, in addition to the
amount appropriated in the bill making appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for 1836.
Mr. McCOMAS, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee at length. He had ap-
proved of the policy of Andrew Jackson up to
the time of the removal of the deposits, and was
one of the earliest supporters of his Administra-
tion. In that particular only he had differed with
him, but he had always believed his motives to
be pure and patriotic, and had never taken part
in those deep and heavy denunciations that had
been bestowed upon the President for that act.
With reference to the presidential election, he
said that neither of the candidates now in the field
would be his choice, if he had the power to make
the selection. As to Mr. Van Burcn, he was
one of the legislative caucus in Virginia who had
brought him forward for the vice presidency.
The question he wished to discuss principally
wus that of the surplus revenue; in other words,
the war now waging against the public Treasury
There were various propositions for the di&posi •
tion of this revenue. The first was, to spend all
of it hi a general systcn of national defense. The
second proposition before the, country was, to
distribute it anion? the several States in propor-
tion to their Federal population. Another was,
to graduate the price of the public lands, and ulti-
mately surrender the public domain to the States
in which it was located. The other was, to vest
it all in railroad stocks, for the purpose of facil-
itating the transportation of the mail. With re-
gard to the first proposition, to expend it in con-
structing a geneial plan of defense of the country,
though he was disposed to make liberal appro-
priations for that object, he was convinced the
surplus revenue that would necessarily accrue in
the public Treasury, until the expiration of the
compromise bill, could not be so appropriated
without endangering the liberties of the country,
and jeopardizing the principles of our institutions.
As to the railroad scheme, he really thought it
need only be named for every man of every party
to stamp it with the seal of reprobation. Of all
the propositions that would ever have suggested
itself to his mind, this certainly would have been
the very, very last. As to the plan of graduation
in price, and the surrender of the public lands to
the new States, it had some plausibility in it, but
it was a plan he disapproved of.
He reviewed this project at some length, and
stated at large his objections to it.    He was sat-
isfied that the lands could not be surrendered to
the new States without violating the pledged faith
of the nation to the old, States.    He would have
j, the new States to {¡ear this fact in mind, that if
j, the General Government had the power to recede,
,   it had also the power to retrocede the public lands.
¡  The power to do one necessarily involved the
power to do the other.
Mr. McC. was in favor of a plap of distribution
in a different way from this. He was in favor of
it upon the doctrine laid down and recommended
by General Jackson, and he considered that gen-
tleman high authority, at least in that House.
General Jackson had decreed that internal im-
provements by the General Government should
cease, and he would deserve the nation's grati-
tude for arresting that system. To carry out
that principle, Mr. McC. then went on to show
that the best mode of disposing of the surplus rev-
enue was to distribute it among the States for the
purposesof internal improvement, to be expended
by them. He contro\cited the argument that
this project would tend to weaken the States, or
have the effect of making them suppliants to the
Federal Government. On the contrary it would
strengthen the State Governments, and be more
likely to weaken the Federal Government. On
this point he dwelt at some length, and stated
what he conceived to be the advantages of this
mode of disposing of the surplus revenue, by
giving life to works of internal improvements of
vast extent and indispensable utility. He referred
to General Jackson s message on the subject,
who (he said) had answered every objection urged
against the plan of which Mr. McC. was the ad-
vocate, contending, as he did, that the President's
plan was identical with his own. He then re-
viewed a variety of other topics of public policy,
the tariff question, the deposit question, and the
Bank of the United States, contrasting the pres-
ent mode of keeping the public moneys, in which
no one could tell where they were, or whether
they were safe or not, with that of having them
jn a. depository at all times under the direction
and immediate control of the Government. He
would not go so far as to say that the moneys
were unsafe at present, but he knew nothi ng about
¿hem, further than they were understood to be in
the management of a certain Reuben M. Whitney,
" chief cook and bottle-washer" to the concern.
Certainly, nothing had yet been seen of those
oceans of gold that were to flood the country in
consequence of the removal of the deposits.  The
