448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11.
was to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; the second to refer to
the Committee on Public Lands; and the third,
that it  be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.                               • ,,,.,     a
Mr. GILLET, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the House at some length in support
of his motion to refer the bill to the Committee
of Ways and Means. He could find nothing in
the duties of the Committee on Public Lands, as
defined in the rule which he had read on yester-
day, appertaining to the revenues of the country;
but that their peculiar duty was to provide for
taking care of the public lands. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chambers] had argued
that the Committee on Public Lands were not
only committed on this subject, but that they
were selected generally from the new States.
Now, (said Mr. G.,) he would call the attention
of that gentleman and the House to the formation
of the Committee of Ways and Means, as the
majority of that committee were not selected from
the new States; and therefore that committee
could not be objectionable on that ground. Six of
the members of that committee were from the old
States; therefore,on thatconsideration,thatought
to recommend it strongly to the consideration of
thegentleman from Pennsylvania. Another of the
reasons that the gentleman had urged why the
bill should not go to the Committee on Public
Lands was, that that committee had expressed
an opinion on another measure in relation to the
public lands. It seemed to Mr. G. that merely
because that committee had expressed an opinion
on another measure, it should not be disfranchised.
The Committee of Ways and Means, however,
were not committed, as they had not brought
before the House any report, or given any vote
on any proposition which had committed them
for or against this measure. It was, too, their
peculiar duty to attend to the financial concerns
of the nation, and to see what amount of money
might be in the Treasury, and to see what prob-
able calls there would be for that money. If gen-
tlemen would take notice, a motion had hereto-
fore been made to refer this subject to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Moans. They would find
that the Kentucky resolutions, which had been
discussed week after week upon each petition
day, were proposed to bo referred to that com-
mittee; but the reason why his colleague [Mr.
Grancer] objected to the Committee of Ways
and Means was; because the chairman of that
committee had said that, at the end of the year,
there would be no such thing as a surplus revenue
to dispose of.
Now, the fact stated by his colleague as a
reason why the bill should not go to that com-
mittee, was the very reason why Mr. G. thought
it should go there, because that committee had
charge of all subjects appertaining to the finances
of the country; first, as to what amount of money
there was in the Treasury, secondly, whether the
same amount received last year will be received
this year; and thirdly, to consider the probable
calls which would be made for the money in the
Treasury. Mr. G. had understood the chairman
of that committee to say, that, if Congress made
the appropriations which were called for by bills
then reported, there would be no such thing as a
surplus revenue to divide. If it was true that
there would be calls for all the money in the
Treasury, then eertainly the bill ought to be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
so that they might report and tell the House what
calls were to be made for the public money, and
«how whether the assertions of the chairman of
that committee were correct. Most certainly that
committee was the proper committee to refer this
subject to. But his colleague [Mr. Granger] had
argued as another reason why this subject should
not go to that committee, because they ought to
act promptly and speedily on the subject, and that
they now had as much information as if the com-
mittee had reported on the subject. Now, Mr. G.
disagreed with his colleague entirely on this sub-
ject. Although hie colleague might be acquainted
with the subject, aún that was not the case with
every member of the House, and it certainly was
not the case with Mr. G. himself. He had not
made himself so familiar with the subject as his
eplleague seemed to have  made himself.    But
there was a strong reason why they should not
act speedily—that is, before they dispose of the
other business before them, involving appropria-
tions—because they could not, until that business
was disposed of, say what amount there would
be in the Treasury to be divided; and if there
would be nothing, they would be placed in the
ridiculous situation of having passed a law to dis-
tribute the surplus revenue when there was none
to distribute.
The decision of this question ought to depend
upon the action of the House on a variety of
subjects; and he wished to call the attention of
his colleague [Mr. Granger] to some of those
subjects. As that gentleman, he presumed, ex-
pected to come into power, he [Mr. Gillet]
wished he would give them all the information on
these various subjects which he could. He would
first inquire of him whether he was prepared to
go for the defenses of the country—for putting
the country in a state of defense to protect us
against any nation and every nation? because, if
he did, he imagined he would have but a small
amount of revenue to distribute. He also wished
to know if "that gentleman would go for the pro-
position in relation to the transportation of the
mails on railroads? He thought, if the gentleman
went for that, there would no such thing as a
surplus revenue to distribute.
He then further wished to know whether he
would go for building custom-houses and court-
houses for the accommodation of the Federal
courts, and for arming and disciplining the mili-
tia? because, if he would go for these measures,
he most certainly would have a very small amount
of surplus to distribute. There was also a pro- '
position, which was somewhat agitated at the
present time, to reduce the postage on newspa-
pers'and pamphlets; and another to make harbors
and build light-houses; and if the gentleman
went for these measures, the surplus would be
greatly diminished. Another proposition before
them was to make a canal around the Falls of
Niagara, the estimated expense of which was
$5,000,000; and it was very important that these
subjects should be settled before they passed a
law like the present.
The CHAIR said the merits of the question
could not be gone into on a motion to refer the
subject to a committee.
Mr. GRANGER hoped his colleague would
be permitted to proceed.
Mr. VINTON understood the gentleman as
referring to these subjects to show that the bill
ought to be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. GILLET resumed: He said they had just
passed a bill which contained a proposition to fit
out a South sea expedition, and there was no
telling but that they might be called upon to send
out another expedition before the end of the ses-
sion. Besides this, there was a disposition to
have the salea of public lands confined to actual
settlers; and if the sales should be so limited, it'
would keep a large amount of money from going
into the Treasury. Again: there was a propo-
sition before the House to graduate the price of
the public lands; and if they passed that bill they
would diminish the amount of revenue to be re-
ceived from lands greatly. Now, if the gentle-
man was for these propositions, he would find that
there would be a less amount of surplus to divide
than he imagined. There was besides this a
proposition to erect an armory of construction in
the West, and a national foundery to cast cannon,
which would take away and diminish the surplus
very considerably. Then there was another
proposition of a distinguished individual, whom
he imagined his colleague had no doubt he would
come into power, which was to apply the surplus
revenue for the purpose of colonizing the blacks.
It would be well to have the views of his colleague
on these subjects; and he considered it important
that these questions should be settled before this
bill was passed. He would give no opinion on
any of these subjects, exceptas to the defense of
the country, and arming the militia. He had
nothing to say as to the- merits of the other prop-
ositions, because it would be time enough to ex-
press an opinion upon them when they come up
to be acted upon; but before the Treasury should
be swept of every dollar these questions should '
be passed. There was a controversy, too, as to
the amount of money in the Treasury. Some
had contended that there were sixteen or sev-
enteen millions, while others said there was the
sum of fifty or sixty millions in the Treasury.
The Committee of Ways and Means then ought
to leave this subject before the House, and all tlie
light upon it which they could give, before they
passed the bill.   There was also a proposition to
Eay off"all the French claims prior to 1800; and,
esides this, the treaty stipulations would require
upwards ofseven millions of dollars.
There were also a number of private claims,
and many of them did not carry the amount of
the appropriation made by them on their face.
He did not say which of these appropriations he
should vote for, except the ones for the national
defense and for arming the militia; but he would
say, if they passed this bill, distributing the pub-
lic revenue, they would prejudge the whole of
these claims. It seemed to liim that they ought
to refer this bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and have a report from that committee in «
relation to the finances of the nation. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Lincoln] had
given, among other reasons why this bill should
not go to the Committee of Ways and Means,
because they would have the influence of a report
from that committee against it. Now it seemed
to Mr. G. that, if this bill could not stand the teat
of a report from the Committee of Ways and
Means, or the Committee on Public Lands, it
must be. a very doubtful measure indeed. He
apprehended that the country was not prepared
for a measure, if it was to be injured by a report
from one of the standing committees of the
House. If the measure stood strong in the pub-
lic estimation, as gentlemen had said it did, a re-
port from a committee would not kill it; and if it
could not stand the test of that scrutiny it ought
Hot to be passed.
It was a new thing in that House, that a prop-
osition to dispose of the whole of the public treas-
ure should not be allowed to take the usual course
in the House. Such a thing never had been heard
of in that Hall, to endeavor to carry so important
a measure without letting it receive the investi-
gation of a committee. It was the proper place
to refer it to one of the standing committees; and
if it should stand the test of that committee, then
let it come into the House and be discussed in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. He thought gentlemen ought to go with
him in sending this bill to the Committee of Ways
and Means. If it was not able to stand the test
of the scrutiny of that committee, then it ought
not to pass.
Mr. BRIGGS obtained the floor, but gave way to
Mr. GRANGER, who wished to reply to the
inquiries made of him by his colleague. Mr. G.
spoke upwards of an hour, in reply to the vari-
ous inquiries made of him by his colleague, [Mr.
Gillet.] He was in favor of appropriations
for arming fortifications on the sea-board, but not
to the extent of the amendment proposed by the
fortification bill. He would, however, expend as
much as could be done with economy the present
year; say four or five hundred thousand dollars.
He said that the present Administration had gotten
all the appropriations which they bad asked for
this purpose, and at a time when the country
was, in their opinion, near being plunged into a
war with one of the powerful nations of Europe,
that they had not a gun on one of their fortifica-
tions, except at Charleston.
When Mr. Granger concluded his remarks,
several gentlemen rose to address the Chair.
Mr. BRIGGS obtained the floor.
Mr. BYNUM contested the right of Mr. Briggs
to the floor. He protested against the principle
that a member should obtain the floor and be per-
mitted to yield it to another to make a long speech,
(who, having previously spoken on the subject,
was not entitled to the floor until other members,
who chose to do so, had spoken,) and then that
the member thus yielding should be permitted to
claim the floor, after having thus yielded it.
The CHAIR had first caught the oye of the
entleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Briggs.]
lad any other gentleman risen before the mem-
ber from Massachusetts, the floor would have
been given to such individual.
§T
