THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Session-, ¿4th Congrkss.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 18, 1836.
Volume 3....No. 29.
Mr. BUIQGS presumed the gentleman from
North Carolina was now satisfied.
Mr. BYNUM was satisfied with the decision
of the Chair, but he was not satisfied in regard to !
the imposition which had been prmoticed upon
the House.                                                                   '
Mr. BR1GGS thought, if it was necessary to
refer the subject to a standing committee at all,
that u appropriately belonged to the Committee
on Public Lands; but, for the purpose of having
speedy action upon it, he would be in favor of
referring it to the Commute© of the Whole on
the state of the Union. He considered they had
information sufficient to enable them to act upon
it, and therefore could not see the necessity of
referring the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means to have their opinion upon it. He con-
ceived there would be money in the Treasury,
after sufficient appropriations were made, for the
defenses of the country, which he would go for
to any reasonable extent. He hoped the bill
would be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, so that it might have
the speedv action of the House.
Mr. LANE obtained the floor, when
Mr. CAMBRELENG called for the orders of
the day; and the House therefore proceeded to
the special order of the day.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, in further
execution of the special order of the 26th of Jan-
uary, the House r> soheditself into the Committee
of t^ie "Whole on the state of the Union, and pro-
ceeded «ith the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the fortifications of the united
States fir the year 1836, (Mr. Mann, of New
York, in the chair.)
The question pending was the amendment of
Mr. Cambreaen-g, to insert an additional clause
in the bill appropriating the sum of $700,000 for
the anmamei t of the fortifications.                           i
Mr. TOWNS, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee nt length on the subject
of the surplus, revenue, and in reply to Mr. Thomp-
iov, of South Carolina, or the course of Messrs.
Cut and CiLnorv, and in reply to Mr. Bell,
indefense of the Administration and its principles.
Mr. T. spoke upwards of two hours; his remarks
will be given as soon as they can be prepared for
the press.
Mr FRENCH then took the floor, and on his
motion the committee tome and reported; and then
the House adjourned.                                                  '
IN SENATE-                                '
Thciudat, -*fay 12, 1836.                     I
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of sundry
citizens of Wilmington, North Carolina, praying
for an appropriation to remove the obstruction 
in Cspe Fear river, below the town of Wilming-
ton; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of
George Bomford and William W.Seaton; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CALHOUN presentad the petition of the
town council of Georgetown, South Carolina,
praying for a survey with a view to the improve-
ment of their harbor; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. "HILL presented a petition of sundry in-
habitants of Sullivan county, New Hampshire,
praying for the establishment of a post route;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Elka-
nah Cobb, praying for a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of sun-
dry inhabitants of Michigan, praying for the
establishment of a lend office; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WALL presented the copy of a judgment
obtained by the United States against William
29
P. Rathbone; which was laid on the table, to be
called up, as Mr. W. said, when Rathbone's case
is considered.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the  following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Retohed, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of allowing the widow of
Peter Smith such sum as would have been paid him under
the pension act of January 4,1839, provided his claim for
a pension under said act had then been admitted.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to authorize the
Government and Legislative Council of the Ter-
ritory of Florida to sell the lands heretofore
reserved for the benefit of a general seminary of
learning in said Territory; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WALKER, from the select committee,
to which was referred the bill to carry into effect,
in the States of Alabama and Mississippi, the
existing compacts with these States with regard
to the five per :ent. fund, and the school reserva-
tions, made a report thereon, accompanied with
an amendment to the bill; which was read; and,
On motion of Mr. WALKER, two thousand
extra copies were ordered to be printed, and the
bill was made the order of the day for Tuesday
next.
On motion of Mr. EWING, of Ohio, the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was discharged from the
further consideration of the petitions of William
M. Yerby and Thomas Taylor.
ADMISSION OF ARKANSAS.
Mr. BUCHANAN, from the select committee,
to which was referred the subject of the admis-
sion of Arkansas into the Union, reported a bill
supplemental to the act entitled " An act for the
admission of the State of Arkansas into the Union,
and to pro\ ide for the execution of the laws of
the United States within the same;'' which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, the bill was
postponed to, and made the special order of the
day for, this day wtek.
MARY J. BALLARD.
Mr. DAVIS, on leave, introduced a mil pro-
viding for the further payment of a pension to
Mary J. Ballard;  which was  read  twice, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill to carry into effect the treaty of limits
between the United States and Mexico; and
The bill to provide for the enlistment of boys
in the naval service, were severally read the third
time and passed.
WESTERN BOUNDARY OF MISSOURI.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the bill to
extend the western boundary of the State of Mis-
souri was taken up, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the purchase
of sites, the collection of materials, and for the
construction of fortifications, was taken up as the
special order of the day; the question being on
Mr. Benton'  motion to strike out the appropria-
tion of $101,000 for fortifications at Penobscot
bay, and to insert in lieu thereof $75,000, to be
applied to the same object in the year 1836, and
#75,000 in the year 1837.
Mr. CALHOUN was not disposed to depart
from the usual course of legislation in this case.
Bills for fortifications usually originated in the
House of Representatives, and the Senate could
add to or reduce the amount of appropriations
contained in them, as they thought proper They
had before them two propositions—to complete
old and to erect new fortifications. He thought
they ought, as far as possible, to complete the
old fortifications before new ones were taken up.
By pursuing the course indicated, which was
that of waiting for the action of the other House,
would prevent confusion, caused by the Senate
sending their fortification bill to the House of
Representatives, and the House of Represent-
atives sending theirs to the Senate; while both
branches would be acting on the same subject in
distinct bills. Mr. C. then moved to lay the bill
on the table.
Mr. BENTON demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLAYTON thought the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] would jeopardize the bill
by taking it up now, when the Senate was so
thin, and suggested whether it would not be better
to let it lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. BENTON said the Senator from Delaware
had shown a disposition throughout to go on with
the fortifications, and had manifested that dispo-
sition while serving with him on the committee;
and there was no one to whose suggestions he
would listen with more respect than his. But,
under the circumstances, he was not willing to
postpone it arty longer.
Mr. CALHOUN was not disposed to elude the
question, but wished to meet it fairly.
Mr. Calhoun's motion was then rejected—yea 
17, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Calhoun, Clayton, Crittenden, Davi ,
EwiiM  of Ohio, Kent, Knight, Leigh, Moore, Naudain,
Prentiss, Preston, Robbins, Southard, Swift, Tomlinson,
and Whua—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Ewing of Illinois, Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, Hubbaid, King
of Georgia, Linn, MeKean, Morris, Nicholas, Niles, Rives,
Ruxgle , Sliepiey, Tallinadge, Walker, Wall, and Wright—
22.
Mr. BENTON observed, that the fairest way
of getting at the whole matter would be to take
the question suggested by the argument of the
Senator from Tennessee yesterday; that was y on
a motion to strike out all the new works. This
would be the beet way of getting at the sense of
the Senate; and he would withdraw hi* amend-
ment in order to give the gentleman an opportu-
nity of making a motion to that effect.
Mr. WHITE would not submit any motion to
strike out; and if any of the fortifications were to
be retained, he was inclined to think there was
as much merit in the fortifications at Penobscot
bayas any other. His objections were to appro-
priating the whole sum in gross, to be expended
in different years. He had made no motion, and
would not make any now.
Mr. BUCHANAN said the report of the Sec-
retory of War on the subject of fortifications was
one of the ablest State papers he had ever read.
He believed it had met with the decided appro-
bation of every member of the Senate. The view 
of the Secretary were practical, and commended
themselves to the common sense of all of us,
whether military men or not.
The principles established by that report were,
that it would be vain and impracticable for us to
attempt to erect fortifications along our coast at
every point where an enemy might effect a land-
ing; and if we evert could do so, it would render
a large standing army necessary to provide them
all with garrisons; and would thus be in opposi-
tion to the genius of our institutions. That forti-
fications should only be erected to defend our
commercial cities from the attack of an enemy;
and these ought to be constructed merely for the
purpose of resisting an assault by Sea, because it
was not to be imagined that an enemy would or
could ever sit down before them on the land slue,
and besiege them regularly, according to the Eu-
ropean custom.
The principle* of thia report would not only
reduce the number of our fortifications, but their
size, and consequently the expenses of their con-
struction. This, with him, was an important
object, as he should never be willing to imW 
the country m unnecessary expenditures, me*eiy
because we hod a large surplus In the 1" ™')':
What, then, did the present bill  as it Ma
I been «mended, propose ?   Simplf   appropriate
