450
the Eorre^sffmat ^w#&
:..a   a-
May 12,
money for the erection of those fortifications
whiri* imé been specially recommended by the
Secretary of War as necessary for the delenxe
of our Jimmnual citi s. Was theie a single
S-natorwhe <i.d not admit tint it was i.ec-«¡saiy
to erect fortifications at the pioposcd points'
He bslieved-we were unammoua upan-this sub- -
iect. Then what was the question' It was one
merely ot unit. Shall we appropriate the money
this year, or wait until the next5 For las part,
he was ready and willing to concui in what he
understood *-> have been distinctly recommended
by the Secietarv , and m ike the appropriations
at once. It was" tiue that he had also suggested
the propriety of establishing a board of engi-
neers for the put pose of making further surveys
and examinations before any of the works should
be commenced, and had asked an appropriation
for tins purpose. But why should we delay
making the appropaations for the construction
oi the works until this was done? Seveial of
these fortifications had been already surveyed;
and, in regard to these, «11 that was necessary
before commencing their construction was to
reduce their dimensions to the standard of the
report. As soon as this was done, they might
be commenced immediately. At an early period
of the session, we had resolved unanimously in
furor of making all necessary appropriations for
the d fense of the country. The Tieasury was
now full, and he could perceive no good reason
torpos'poning until the next year what we might
as wcLLand better do at the piesent session. Let
us place the money at the disposition of the De-
partment, and let the foitificauons be commenced
as soon as the preliminary surveys could be com-
pleted.
Mi. EWIXG concurred with the Senator from
Pennsylvania as to the general import of the re-
port of the Secretary of "War; and also con-
curred w ith him in the opinion that it was a very
able State paper. He further agreed with the
Senator from Pennsylvania, that the question as
to the construction of these fortifications was the
proper time for commencing them. Now, from
all he could gather from the report of the Secre-
tary, u appealed that there would be no advant-
age to be obtained by commencing these works
at this time; and that it would be a departure
from the well-established policy of this Govern-
ment to go on with them before making the ne-
cessary surveys and estimates. It would appear,
from the Secretary's report, that there were cer-
tain woiks which did not need examination; but
on turning to another page it would be seen that
the Secretary says that a reexamination should
be made in every case, "in order to apply these
principles." The Secretary told them that the
whole plan was originally deficient, though well
adapted to the situation of the country at the
time; but that it was now inefficient, and ought
to be changed. Mr. E. continued his objections
to making appropriations for new works before
the necessary surveys and estimates were made,
and contended that they ought to wait for the
i (¡suit of the examinations of this board of officers
to be appointed on the recommendation of the
Secretary of War. If this bill should now be
passed, it would take some time to get u through
the other House; the bill to increase thecoirps of
engineers must also be passed by that body; and
it would take some time to-get them together and
instruct them; and therefore, under all those
unavoidable delays, no use could be made of the
appropriations this season. It appeared to him
that these appropi lations at this time would only
have the effect of changing the deposits of the
public moneys in the deposit banks from the
name of the United States to the names of the
disbursing officers. It would be nothing more;
for the money must remain in these banks with-
out a possibility of usina; it.
Mr. PR.ESTON said that laborers had by this
time probably made their arrangements for em-
ployment during the season, and no doubt j,reat
wconvemence would arise in procuring them, and,
if procured, it would be at an increased expense.
There were two fortification bills; one emanating
from the Military Committee, designating the
points of location, and the other from the Com-
mittee on Finance, making the necessary appro-
priations.    Heretofore, the practice had been for
the other House to originate these bills, #ml the
fault of the delay was not properly the fault of
the Senate, but of the House of Representatives.
The Senate now went into the consideration of
one branch of this subji tt, w hile they wen lift
in the dark in regard to the other. The Military
Committee, at the commencement of the session,
found us under peculiar circumstances. We were
then threatened with a war, and fearing the House
might not gt t a bill up m time to meet the emer-
gency, had brought this bill forwaul, but now
matti rs were changed. The temper and judg-
ment which chataUerizod the leport of tile dec-
retal y of War \va- such tint he was much dis- '
posed to acquiesce in its recommendations, and
he very much dist'usttd his own judgment when
differing from him in this matter. He differed
from the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ewiko] in re-
gard to the construction, he had put upon the
iepart;and the President concu'red in opinion
with the Secretaiy of War against the opinion of
the engineers.
Theie were  ceitam  fortifications which had
been excepttd by the Secretary of War in his
report, who  had suggested  the prosecution of
themunder the peculiircncunistaneeswith which
they were identified, and had thercfoie acquiesced
in the prosecution of som> of  the fortifications,
while he rejected othcis. Hi could not tell how far
the principles laid down by the Secietary would
be rttained m the provisions of tins bill; but he
inferred that theguicial puipose of the Secretaiy
was, that Congiess should examine this matter
with full deliberation; and the general conclusion
was, that the piineiples laid down by him should
be deliberately applied to all these works.    He
had come to the conclusion that the  Secietary
i believed those woiks which he had designated
might be earned on undi r the direction of the
Government on certain contingencies, and that
future changes might be made which would re-
quire a coi responding change of plans to meet
them.    In regard to many of these works, plans
of them had been frequently approved, and the
estimates of the necessary labor stood a matter
of record fot the last  twelve  or fifteen years.
Most of those of the first class had been com-
pleted, and the present bill proposed to carry into
completion those of the second class, and part of
those of the third class.   Penobscot and Ken-
nebec were of the third class, and also the forti-
fication  at Provincetown,  at  Cape  Cod      He
believed Provincetown ought to have been of the
first class, as it was of primary importance; but
the Secretary of War had differed from this clas-
sification; and the President, looking directly to
the question, had decided with the ¡Department,
and differed from the bureau.   The idea of de-
fending the coast by steam was not new, but was
as old as 1816, although a new and more power-
ful  application of it  had been invented.    The
springing up of new towns and cities, the devel-
opment of new eneigics, and the íapid ímpiove-
ment of the  country, had  already produced  a
change in the state of things diffeicnt from what
existed when the original plan of fortifications
was adopted.
1     Mr. P. went into an inquiry ps to the length
of time that would be required to put up thes-*
buildings.   The Secretary of War (he sairf) had
recommended  that  a general  appropriation  be
made, so that, as soon as works were ftnind to be
necessary at any given point, they should be com-
menced, with a view to agindual completion;and
the chairman of the Military Committee  [Mr.
Bentos] had moved, in pursuance of those rec-
ommendations, to change the appiopnations to
Penobscot from $104,000, to be expended in one
year, to $150,000, to be expended in two years,
and the appropriation to bo divided into $75,000,
to be expended in each year. It was proposed to
commence fiom the stump, and finish that work
in eighteen months.    Heretofore, it had been the
practice of Congress, in undertaking a series of
works, to adopt the mode  of appropriating a
yearly amount at eveiy session, by which the
subject annually passed the ordeal of examination
by a committee.    This pledge to make these ap-
propriations for a senes of years was different
' from an appropriation for the fiscal year; and he
' would prefer that so much for 1836, and so much
I for 1837, should be particularly specified; and
v when they had acted on this amendment he would
offer some suggestions in relation to theproposed
fortifications at Kennebec
Mr. NAUDAIN moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the $75,000 for the year
1837, leaving the 75,000 for the year 1836.
Mr. N. observed that the reasons which induced
him to make this motion were drawn from the
report of the Secretary of War, which recom-'
mended that surveys should be made before com-
mencing any new works. He believed also, that
one half of the appropriation would be sufficient
to keep the workmen in employment foi the re-
mainder of this year, and until the middle of the
next. For one, he was opposed to making appro-
priations for so long a time in advance.
Mr. SHEPLEY showed that different reports
and examinations had been made in regard to the
fortifications at Penobscot bay. That the De-
partment could never make contracts beyond tlie
appropnation was a regulation well understood.
It wasjudgedthisfortificatioh would cost $150,000,
and had been increased to that sum fioni #101,000.
He went into a calculation of the cost, whether
it should be constructed of brick or stone, to show
the disadvantage and want of economy in making
limited or partial contracts, which would be un-
avoidable in case the appropriation for the second
year should be cut off.
Mr. CALHOUN obsoived that the Senator
from Maine put these large appiopnations on the
ground that th* Secretary would nmke the con-
tracts to run through the whole time. Now, ho
had had some little experience in these matters,
and well knew the disadvantages attending the
making long contracts. If they were made when
piiceswere high, the profit consequent on the iall
' of prices inured to the contractor; and if they
were made when prices weie low, the contractor
was sure to violate his contract when he found
1 himself losing by the fall of prices, so that in
either case the Government must be a great loser.
One great objection that he had to the large ap-
propriations in this bill was, that they were calcu-
lated to empty ihe public purse and fill the pockets
of the contractors.
The Senator from Connectiqut said that labor
is now falling. Well, what would be the result ?
Why, the fall in the price of labor would put
thousands into the pockets of individuals for no
earthly benefit to the public. There never was a
time batter fitted to make fortunes for contractors
than the present. He undei stood this thing very
well. He would not attribute motives to any
gentleman, but it had been almost openly avowed
on that floor, that the design was to ictain the
i public money where it is, and prevent it fiom
going back to the people to whom it rightfully
, belonged. There were powerful combinations
interested in this matter. Millions were deposited
in these deposit banks who paid no interest on
it, and were, therefore, deeply interested in re-
taining this money; a vast number of individuals
who were indebted to them, were equally inter-
ested in the same object, and this powerful com-
bination would make every effort to prevent the
withdrawal of this money. If this bill was a ques-
tion of fortifications, there would be no difficulty;
it would be passed at once; but these were not
the real objects in view. The question now was
not fortifications* for they were nof even dreamed
of; but how to prevent this immense amount of
public money from being withdrawn from the
deposit banks with respect to these appropria-
tions, the passing them at this- time, and in the
absence of surveys and sufficient information,
would be a departure from the long-settled prac-
tice of the Government, for which no sufficient
reason could be given. Their custom had been
to wait for the action of the other House, and to
pass such fortification bills as came from that
body. There was a fortification bill now in prog-
ress there, and there was no danger of its not
boisg sent to the Senate m time to be acted on.
It was not expected to expend this money this
year, for the Secretary would have too much dis-
cretion to make contracts at this time.
There «ever was, a time when there was so
little use in expending money on new fortifica-
tions*as the present. There were only two nation 
in the world against whose attacks they would
be wanted, and these were France and Great
