1836.
THE GONGrREeSKXNAk G LORE J
45J
Britain. Our difficulties will  Prance were, thank  i
to Providence, happily settled, and with Great
LV ta'n tin-re was not the slightest expectation of
our coining n> conflict. H^r magnanimous niter-
t •rtr'-f to-* tile our foolish and wicked quarrel
wiih Trance, plainly showed her friendly inten-
tions tow ards tnis country,and her strong desire
'o manila n her friendly relations with us. Our
r.aníoi i said Mr. C.) lies not on the sea-coast; it
lie* ii  another way; in the southwest. Let me
ted \ou i>ud Mr. C.) that every dollar of our
surplus may be wanted, and that soon. They
k«e\  not even what the next mail might bring
tlieii. "Wait then (said Mr. C.) a few days,
and u atch the progress of events; let this bill lie
and rest until the Senate had time to consider and
rerli ei upon it. They were proceeding with too
uaucn pr. upitauon on idle schemes to prev ent the
surplus money fiom going back to the people
iron  whom it was derived. He was anxious to
have tV bi'. to provide for the safety of the public
money- taken up and considered; it being, in his
opinion, a more important matter than any that
couid be broujht before them; and he had hoped
ti at the Sena.or from New York [Mr. WaiGinr]
would have called it up before this. He now
gave notice that he would himself call up that bill
on Saturday next, if the Senator from New York
d*d not call it up before that day.
Mr. WRIGHT expressed a wish to address
the Seii-ue ou the subject, but it being late n  the
dav, moved an adj uiniinent, which was carried;
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE Or REPRESENTATIVES.
Thcrsdít, .Voy 12, 1836.
O.i motion of Mr. SHIELDS, the bill provid-
ing fir pivmg certain pensioner  of the United
S. t<-s at PuLiski and Dandiidge, in the State
uf T^nne3s< e, was taken up, nad a third time,
ara udid, and, afu.r some conversation between
Messrs. WHITTLESEY* of Ohio, LEA of Ten-
nessee,HARPER.MctvAY,CARTER, ALLEN
o,' Yeraion , WARDWELL, SHIELDS, and
EVERETT, the bill was passed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, by permission
of tne House, rose to make a statement personal
io himself. Tnere were certain individuals who
attended in that House as reporters, who were in
the practice of writing letters for publication in
the p Bi rs of other cities. In two letters of this
character, one of which had appeared in the Phila-
delphia Inquirer, and the other in the New York
Courier and Enquirer, his course on the bill to
provide for the defense of the western frontiers
was misrepresented, and statements were made
not founded in fact. The letter in the New York
paper stated, that both Mr. Adams and himself
had opposed the bill to which he liad referred; and
the correspondent of the Philadelphia Inquirer
understood him to oppose it, but supposed he
mignt be mistaken, owing to the confusion which
prevailed at the time; and he, (Mr. G.,) had been
calkd upon by the latter conespondeat to correct
the error, if one had been committed. N  gentle-
man who had heard him on the occasion to which
he alluded, could fail to remember that he stated
explicitly that he was in favor of the passage of
the bill, and thai the appropriation ought to be
made. Such was his anxiety that the measure
should be speedily adopted, that he had previous-
ly determined to forbear making any remarks,
lest the passage uf the bill should be delayed or
endangered bv discussion. Seeing, however, no
decided opposiuou to it, and a debate having
B|>run?"up in reference to the affair  ofTTexas,
(which in fact liad little or no connection with it,)
lie hail been drawn out, and had followed other
gentlemen in the course of remark in which they
liad indulgí d on that occasion. In addition to
what he had stated, his name was recorded in
tavor of the passage of this bill, and under the
circumstances it was roost extraordinary that it
could have entered into the mind of any person
that he had opposed this measure, more particu-
larly when it was recollected that it wa  intended
to protect the people of his own district* This
gross error should admonish those who under-
took  to give the proceedings of the ido use to
report them correctly; and it was also a reflection |
upon the House, that owing to the confusion I
which prevailed, a member hat] been culled upon
to correct an erroneous impression in regard to
his own reinaiks and course upon an important
subject.
NATIONAL FOUNDERY.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Mihtaiy Amino, reported a bill provid-
ing for the establishment of a national foundery;
which was read twice and committed.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. HAYNES moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose of enabing him to submit amotion to
take up and dispose of the joint resolution from
the Senate, fixing a day for the final adjournment
of Congress.
Mr. Si ANN, of New York, asked for the yeas
and nays on the motion; which were ordered,and
were—
YEA" — Messrs Chilton Alten, Barton, Bean, Boekee.
Bond, Bovti, Bri!T5f^, Brown. Buchanan. Burns. Wtlhnin 11
Calhoun, Campbell, Carr, Georje Chambers, Chnnmaii,
Nathaniel H Claiborne, Coffee, Corwin, Denay, Dickson,
Fairfield, Tij, Pln.oC Fuller, William K Fuller,Granger,
Gnvft Grennel! Griffin, Hannejran, Harlan, Harpei, Sarfi-
ucl 8 Harrison, Ha)lies, Hazeltme, Hoar. rn er=oll. Wil*
ham Jackson, Janes, Jenitar, Richard M. Johnson, Henry
Jotni-on. Jud-on, Keiiuon. Kilgore, KhngeHsmitl , l«ansuij(l
Lawrence, La), Lincoln, Lo£an,iiove, Abijan Maun, iob
Mann, Martin, William Ma<=on, Sampson Mason, May, Mc
Kennan. Miller, Milhgan, Morgan,Morns. Petturrew. Ptnl-
lios. Potts, Robertson, Russell, William B. Shopnrd. Au-
lo^uiio 11 Shepperd, Sickles, Spraque, Steele, Sutherland,
Tiirrill, Vanderpo^l, Wagrner, Ward, Wardvvell. White,
E'i^ha Whittlesey, Len is Williams, and Sherrod Williams
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Heman Allen, Anthony, Ash,
Ashlcj, Baile), Bt-ale, Beaumont, Boon, Borden, liouldm,
Bovee, Cundí, Címbrele iig, Carter, Cotcv, Clian<y,Chap
man. John F H Claiborne, Clark, Cleveland, Colc=, Con-
nor. Crauj, Cramer. Crane. Cushman, Deberfy, Diekerson,
Doubledav, Droinaoole, Effner, Everett, Farlin, Forester,
French, GoJb-aiih, Jame  Garland, Rice Garland, Gillet,
Grintland,  Ora-  on,  Hale),  Joseph   Hall,   Hiland  Hall,
Hamer. Hawe«  Hoi w. Hopkins Howard, Hublej, Hunt, I
Huntsman. Iniham. Jal) >z Jackson. Jarvis,Jo-epii Johnson, '
Cave Johnson, Beuiuunn Jone;. kinnarú, Lane, Lavvler,
Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee. Luke Lea, Leonard, Lo  all, John
Y Ma>ou  Mo^es Ma^on  MrKav, MeKeon, McK m, Mc-
Lenc.Mercer.Mul lenb-rir. Ovvens,Pa2P.Park«, I'attpr^on,
FranUm Pierce, Dntce J PearecJamps A. Pearee, Pholps,
Pinckney, Seed Rencher, John Rev nolels, Joseph ikyjK>ld«,
Riplev, Koan, S( )iuoar. Shield , SUde, Sloajie, Spangler,
¡Standefer, Ta la'erro Ta\l0'. Thoma*. Jolin Thomson,
Tcmc«v, Townei.Turner Underwood, Washington, Web "
ster, Weeks, and Thoma-i T Whittlesey—107
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
GEORGETOWN   MANUFACTURING COMPANY. '
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Man-
• ufacturts, reported a bill to incorporate the
Georgetown Manufacturing Company; which '
was read twice, reierred to a Committee of the i
Whole House; made tho order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered, together with the petition
upon which the bill was founded, to be printed.
Mr. A. said that, being up, and as he might '
have no other opportunity for it, he would ask
the permission of the House, in consequence of
the statement made by the gentleman from Lou- i
ísiana, [Mr. Garland,] to make one for himself.
In one of the two reports which the gentleman
from Louisiana had cited as having misrepre- l
sented his remarks in the important debate of last I
Saturday, Mr. A.'s name had   been misrepre-
sented in the same manner.    It was said in that '
report, as noticed by the gentleman from Louis-
iana, that he had opposed the passage of the bill
of appropriation for the defense of the southwest' ¡
ern 'frontier.     It was perfectly well known to
every member of the House, not only thaxhedid I
not oppose the passage of the bill, but thatsueh
an intention having, from some remarks which he
had made in the debate, been imputed to him by
a member, he had in the most explicit manner
disclaimed  it;  that he had voted  for the  bill
through all its stages on that day; and that his
name stood recorded upon the Journal of the
House in its favor.                                                     )
But this was not the grossest misrepresentation
vvhieh had gone forth with regard to his remarks
in the House on that occasion.    It had been ex-
pressly stated in one of the daily newspapers of j
this city,* that in that debate he had said that he '
* Mr. Adah  was understood to allude to an etHturl !
uncle ib 'tic Ttlejzrapu ul MoneUy hut.
would prefer to see a black colony established la
the Mexican province of Texas, sooner tlmn to
have it annexed to this Union as a slavcholdiug
State or States. Every member of the House
who had heaid him, knew that he had said no
such thing. He had said not a word about the
establishment of a black colony in Texas. What
he said was, that he would prefer to see Tex-
as remain a part of the Mexican Republic, with
slavery abolished, than have it made a part of the
United States with slavery íeestablished by war,
to constitute slaveholdnig States of this Union
Now, it was impossible for him to believe that so
gross a misrepiesentation of what lie had said
could have been inadvertently made. The pur-
pose of exposing hie remaika to obloquy, was
too apparent to leave a douüt that it was intended. ■
And thus it is that niembtis of the House are
subjected to the most invidious misconstructions
of their conduct.
He would further observe that,in the reporlin
the National Intelligencer of this morning, of a
few Words which he had been called incidentally
to say in the House yesterday, and which had
certainly not occupied iwo minutes of time, there
were two errors, not indeed so important as those
which he had just exposed, nor, as he believed,
intentional, but equally wide of what he had ac-
tually said. A gentleman from Georgia  [Mr.
Towns,] in addressing the House, had stated that
he (Mr. A.) had, when Secretary of State, dis-
missed a printer of the laws, favorable to the
election of Genaral Jackson, and had appointed
in his place a printer friendly to himself. Mr.
A. had then interrupted the gentleman from
Georgia, and assured him and the House, that
while Secretary of State he never had, in any
one instance, dismissed a printer of the laws, and
appointed another on account of any political
partiality for or against himself. He ¿ad added,
that the only change which he had made of $..
printer of the Jaws at Nashville, had been made'
at the request of General Jackson, and his thea*
colleague in the Senate, Mr, Eaton, though he
know not whether this fact would be recollected
by the President. Thus far the report in thi*
morning's Intelligencer was substantially correct,
but it then proceeded to represent Mr. A- aa
having said that " the motive for this ehaogA
waa afterwards the subject ef muck misconstruc-
tion." The members present yesterday when
he spoke must remember that fae made «o such
remark.
The other error was more con ide*able, because
it uitstepresented not only what he said, but lua
real opinion. He liad Bald, that during the pe-
riod when he had held the highest station in the-
Union, he had neverremoved from office one man
on account of his political opinions or preference
with regaid to the Presidency. That his adher-
ence to this system had been universally known;
that it had been much disapproved of by many
of Ins friends; and that in an historical woik,pub-
lished some years since, it had been mentioned aa
one of the causes oí his subsequent failure-of
political success. The report in the Intelligencer
represents him as saymg that he himself " be-
lieved it was one among the principal reasons
why he was not more successful as -a candidate
for a second election,.',' He had not only nots,aid
this, but he did not believe it. He did not be-
lieve that his forbearance to dismiss pubho offi-.
cers opposed to him had the slightest effect on
the subsequent election. Many of his frceads,
however, believed that it had.
, Mr. A. concluded, by observing that these were
exemplifications of gross misiepresentations of
lus words and sentiments, expressed in the House
within the last foui days. It was, perhaps, a
useless attempt to coirect them, for lie veiily be-
lieved he could not open his lips to speak ¡ten
words in the House but they would be misiepre-
sented, unless they were submitted by the reporter
to his own revision.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRIGGS, from the Committee on the Pest
Office and Post Roads, íeported a joint resolution
authoiizmg the Postmaster General, to, *W« *
claimof Hlrd4Longsueet,forcarryi«gtbe mail.
, which was read twice, and comwtted.
I     Unfuvotable reports were made  by Messrs
