456
TH^ CONOBESSIOírAlí StOIft
Mq|5ia,
«From this note 11 abo appear  that Mr. Onij was <<♦
k«vethc< ¡x¡™l> í  *í"'A Unguaga m*fc out, so that they
mi~M be erccutrdncxt Monday morning,' winch was the 923
nf•February. Tin's «w done, it appear'; and trom the
followm" p.irs"raphs of the National Intelligencer it seem 
that it was ratified on the same day by the Senate :
" ' It i-¡ said, and we have no doubt correctly, that the
President of the United States yesterday laid before the
Senate a treaty recently concluded between Mr. Secre-
tary Adams on the part of the United States, and Don Luis
de'OnH. on the part of Spain, ron a cession or florida
to the United States.'—National Intelligencer, February,
•23, 1819.
•' • It is seldom that wo have so acceptable an office to
perforin as that of announcing to our readers the unanimous
ratification bv the Senate of a treaty or amity, settle
WENT,  AS    LIMITS   BETWEEN   THE  UNITED STATES   AND
BriiN, as recently concluded at this place by Mr. Secre-
tary Adams and Don Luis de Onis.—National Intelligencer,
February 25, 1819.
"From these documents, then, It appears that Mr.
\uains submitted hw project to Mr. Onis on the 13th of
February; that it was discussed between them until the
19th, wiien it was 'concluded,' that the treaty was not
' ¿raien up and ready to be signed' until the 22d.
" General Jackson was not in tins city at any point of
time referred to by M r. Adams in his statement to the House.
He was not here when the treaty was ' concluded ''—he
was not here when ' it vas drawn up and ready to receive
the signature'—he was not here when it ' was signei '—
nor was he here at any point of time before it was signed,
and after it was drawn up, so that he «ould have received
it from the hands of Mr. Adams, read it, and given it his
approbation. He left this city on the lltli of February,
1819, and did not return until the 1st of March, as the fol-
lowing extracts will establish beyond doubt:
" Major General Jackson and his suit, consisting of sev-
«ral orneen, left this yesterday morning for Baltimore on
a tour northward."—National Intelligencer, February 12,
1819.
"Major General Andrew Jackson and suit arrived in
this city last evening."—Baltimore Patriot, February 12,
1819.
Now (said Mr. A.) please to observe, the treaty
was sent to Mr. Onis for signature on the 13th
of February; and, if he so signed it, the United
States were bound to sign it also. "What was his
statement? After the treaty was drawn up, but
before there was any obligation on our part to
sign it, He had taken it to General Jackson. Well,
General Jackson left the city on the 11th of Feb-
ruary, 1819, and Mr. A. had sent the treaty to Mr.
Onis to sign on the 13th. Now, where was the
inconsistency of this with the statement he had
made to the House. He had stated that the treaty
bad been prepared and was ready to be signedTbu t
that we were under no obligations to sign it when
he presented it to General Jackson. The proof
wasj that General Jackson left the city on the 11th
of February, and that, two days afterwards, he
(Mr. A.) had sent a treaty to Mr. Onis to sign; and
that was a counter profit to a projét which Mr.
Onis had sent to Mr. A. before. Why, the treaty
had been under negotiation for three months be-
fore it came to that stage; and, from this docu-
.meat, he should infer, what he believed was the
fact, although, he did not venture so to state it,
that the sending of it to General Jackson was the
last act of Mr. Monroe, before sending it to Mr.
Onis for his signature.
He believed he had sufficiently explained to
the House what might appear to be inaccurate
in what he had said heretofore, and he hoped it
would satisfy the House that he had made no
Statement of any consequence or materiality that
was in the smallest degree contradicted by any-
thing produced in that paper; and that, if the
Official documents produced were correct, they
go to confirm the statement he made, instead of
conflicting with it.
Mr. HUNTSMAN asked the consent of the
House to make a statement in reference to the
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
who had just taken his seat.
Objection being made, Mr. HUNTSMAN
noved to suspend the rules to enable him to
accomplish his objeet; which was agreed to—
*yes HI, rioes 41.
Mr. HUNTSMAN". Mr. Speaker, I am sen-
sible of the polite indulgence shown to me by the
House, in granting the privilege of reply to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, for which I am
■grateful. It is with the deepest regret that I feel
that I am «ailed upon, as one of the Tennessee
delegation, who, in common with my constitu-
ents, feel an 'interest in the public character of
Andrew Jackson, to notice one of the statements
that have been uttered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts in relation to the President of the
United States.   The substance of the. remark,
when divested of itsclassicality, and laying bare
its substance, is this: That General Jackson uses
the editor of tlte  Globe as  an embassador to send
abroad and propagate lies for him.    I think, sir, in
all human chanty, if the gentleman had sup-
posed that the President was in error in any
statement, even if he had made it, that the error
was unintentional; I think he should  have as
much charity for the President, as he now callsupon
this House to  have for him, in an unintentional
error on his part in a statement made to this
House a few days since.   I do not believe that
General Jackson keeps any embassador to go and
propagate lies for him; and the gentleman from
Massachusetts must pardon me if Icannotbelieve
that anybody else believes so.   The great prin-
ciple of charity, which ought to operate on every
human heart, would teach us to say that neither
the President nor ex-President has been guilty
of a willful misstatement.   It is probable  that
those persons who are approaching the bounda-
ries of three score and ten, cannot have that re-
tention of memory which belongs to those who
are younger in years.    But I consider the charge
he has brought against the President beneath the
dignity of the high character and the many ex-
alted stations the gentleman has filled in his coun-
try's service, and, I might say, with honor to
himself and benefit to his country, in many in-
stances. It was with perfect astonishment I heard
the allegation from him, to which I have taken
exception. The expression to which I have taken
exception seems to impeach the veracity of the
President.   So far as I ever heard, his character
for veracity stands unquestioned.    Can the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts say as much ?    I ap-
prehend not.    It seems, Mr. Speaker, that the
high and distinguished personages of this Gov-
ernment have their troubles as well as we who
are of the smaller fry.    If my recollection is not
at fault, some fifteen or twenty years ago, shortly
after the conclusion of the treaty at Ghent, the
gentleman from Massachusetts was engaged in
a question of veracity with another gentleman,
who has long occupied, and perhaps justly, a
very exalted situation in this country.  What be-
came of the  question ?    It was adjourned over,
and a book was to be written about it.    Now let
us have the book.    If it is not forthcoming, I may
introduce a resolution here calling for the book.
It would be equally proper with many resolu-
tions which have been introduced in this House.
General Jackson has stated he has no recollec-
tion o£ the transaction alluded to by the gentle-
man.    Every one acquainted with the President,
the manliness of his character, and the frankness
with which he always utters his sentiments, will
¡J. once conclude that if such a transaction ever
took place, and he had recollected it, he would
have so stated at once.
But, Mr. Speaker, I most solemnly protest
against a practice which is prevailing in this
House to an extent detrimental to the public busi-
ness  On every occasion when a member or his
conduct is called in question by a newspaper par-
agraph, instead of hunting up the editor or the au-
tlifir, and either having it explained, or taking
measures with him or them, why, sir, the mem-
ber comes into the House, and, to the interrup-
tion of all other business, calls upon the House,
in deep and doleful terms, to suspend the business
of Congress until he unfolds his tale of private
griefs in more sympathetic streams than Jeremiah
did in writing his longest chapter of lamentations.
Now, sir, if the gentleman thinks General Jack-
son has injured him, I advise him to go and tell
General Jackson so himself; that is the manly
mode of doing business in the "West. To pour out
his complaints and charges here, where the party
charged can neither hear nor answer the charge,
is not the sort of chivalry that I admire. Now,
as these old gentlemen are about of equal agew-
' both have filled many important stations in the
I Government—the one President, the other ex-
President of the United States—let the gentleman
from Massachusetts go and demand satisfaction
from the President himself; I have no doubt the
President will give him any sort of satisfaction;
I will agree, crippled as I am, to underwrite rbr
General Jackson. He will explain matters and
things fully to the gentleman.   This is the mode
that I, hombiennd unknown as I am, had to take
not longsince with the editor of the Telegraph. An
article appeared in that paper charging me with
being a partisan, and other things. Supposing
the editor was mistaken or misinformed, I called
upon him, and he promptly published an explan-
ation which 1 furnished for that purpose. I think
charity, good feeling, good neighborhood, and
social relations in life, all require that, if we feel
injured, we should first inquire if it was inten-
tionally done. Is there any explanation to give.'
If so, receive it; if not, settle your differences out
of this House—shed no crocodile tears here. 1
have heretofore voted tu give individual members
the privilege'of venting their complaints here;
but if my Maker will forgive me for that error, I
will offend in the Jike case no more; and I hope
it will be the last occurrence of the sort in this
House.
M*. Speaker, one observation more, and I shall
close my remarks. From the high standing of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, I have aright
to suppose that the expression made by him, to
which 1 have taken exception, was made under
the influence of deep excitement and without due
reflection. I cannot believe that he himself will
consider that he has done justice to General Jack-
son in this particular. If he possesses the justice
and magnanimity that wa have a right to expect
—the charity for othere that he has jnst claimed
of us for himself—the gentleman will immedi-
ately withdraw the charge, and act by others as
he would wish, others to act towards him.
NEW POST ROUTES.
On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Saco, in the Ptate of Maine,
to Ossipee, in the ¡State of New Hampshire, by the way of
Salmon Fails, in HoHia, Waterboruugh Corner, Limerick
Corner, Parsonfield Academy, and Effingham; also, fgr.a
route from Portland, in the State of Maine, to Centre Har-
bor, in the State of New Hampshire, by the way of Stroud -
Í water Village, Scarborough, Buxton, Salmon Falls,  Hal-
' lis, Carlis Corner, in Waterborough, Limerick Corner,
Dam's Mills, and Adams's Corner, in Newfield, Leighton'i
Corner in Ossipee, Ossipee Coiner, Tuftonborougli, an<
Moultonborough.
Mr. McKAY, on leave, presented a petition
which was referred.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, called for tbt
orders of the day; which were taken up.
Mr. CAMBRELENG felt it to be his duty
whatever might be the result, to move to suspemi
the rules for the purpose of proceeding with th<i
, consideration of the fortification bilí.
The motion was negatived.
|                SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice and committed:
1     A bill for the relief of David McCord; and
1     A bill to provide for carrying into effect tfts
treaty of limits, and an additional article thereto,
between the United States of America and the
United Mexican States.
BILLS PASSED.
A bill from the Senate to give effect to patents
for lands issued in the names of deceased persoas
was passed as amended.
The following engrossed bills were read the
third time and passed:
A bill for the relief of Michael Thornton; and
A biB granting a pension to Theophilus E.
Beekman.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The House went into- Committee of the Whole
(Mr. Thomson, of Ohio, in the chair) on the
following private bills:
1.  A bill for the relief of Thomas iVícClelland
and James Smith;
2.  A bill for the relief of John McCarroll, Jr.;
3.  A bill for the relief of "William Hewes;
4.  A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Colonel Anthony White;
5.  A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Tristam Coffin, deceased;
6.  A bill for the relief of Henry Keefer;
7.  A bill for the relief of Francis Bashford;
8.  A bill far the relief of Bernard Pompiily^
9.  A bill for the relief of EliahaLucas;
10* A bill for the relief of John Cowper;
