4ÓH
THE, CONGIOSSI0ÍÍA L * GLQHB.
May: 14,
tions. The accmat gin* had made a strong
impression upon his mind, and k« felt it to be
his duty to bring the matter to the notice ot the
Senate He had prepared a resolution instructing '
the Committee on the Judiciary to inquire into '
the character, condition, and the amount of capital
of the several moneyed institutions exercising
bankui" powers which have been, chartered
within °the last three years by the territorial
government of Florida, and to report to the
Senate whether in their opinion any proceeding
oí. the part of the Senate, or any legislation on
the part of Congress, is necessary.
He could not doubt but that Congress possessed
"supervisory authority over territorial legisla-
tion''—that "Congress possessed the power to
disapprove of, and to annul the laws which
might be enacted by the proper authority of this
Territory. This was his impression; and he
believed that our own statutes would show that
we had " disapproved and declared null and void"
a legislative act of Florida years after the act had
been approved. At any event, he believed it was
competent for the Senate to express its own
opinion, its own views, upon the legislative pro-
ceedings of Florida to which he had referred.
He would therefore ask leave to present the
resolution he had prepared, and he hoped the
Senate would adopt it, and that the Committee
on the Judiciary would investigate this whole
matter, and make report whether the business of
the Territory called for this increase of her mon-
eyed institutions. For himself, he most conscien-
tiously believed that there was imminent danger
that the credulous, the thoughtless, the confiding
portion of our community may be overwhelmed in
this deluge of speculation which is now spreading
over our beloved country.
Mr. H. then submitted the following resolution;
which lie  on the table one day:
Raolved, That tho Committee on the Judiciary b«
instructed to inquire iato tüe character, condition, and the
amount of capital of the several " tanking institutions"
which have been chartered within Ihe last three years by
the territorial government of Florida; and that they report
to the Senate whether, in their opinion, any legislation of
Congress is necessary to disaffirm the establishment of said
charters.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
f udiciary, reported a bill for the relief of Richard
2. Stockton, William B. Stokes, and others.
Mr. CLAYTON explained the object of this
bill, which was to refer the case of those gentle-
men to the Solicitor of the Treasury, who, after
examining all the evidence on the subject, should
decide according to the principles of equity and
justice.
The committee (Mr. C.said) were unanimously
in favorof this bill, believing that these gentlemen
were justly entitled to relief.
Mr. BUCHANAN advocated the bill in a speech
of some length, observing that this case was,
early in the session, submitted to the committee;
and there was not a member of it who was not
of opinion that these persons were entitled to
compensation for the services they had rendered.
Mr. B. spoke of the fidelity with which the con-
tracts had been performed; and observed that he
had had no communication on this subject with
these gentlemen at all; but he knew them to be
highly meritorious contractors, who, in order to
sustain themselves thus far, had made great exer-
tions, and had stretched their credit to the utmost.
After being amended, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, without a division.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, on leave, introduced
a bill for the relief of Thomas T. Barton; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. K. also, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which had been referred the
amendments of the House of Representatives to
the bill for the relief of the several corporations
of the District of Columbia, made a report there-
on, recommending that the Senate agree to the
first amendment, and submitting an amendment
to the second.
Mr. K. explained the bearing-of the amend-
ments of the House ot' Representatives upon the
-bill as it had passed the Senate. One of the
amendments of the House1 had reduced the appro-
priation f600,000, in which he supposed the Senate
would concur. The other amendment proposed
to take the stock in the canal absolutely, whereas
the Senate had only proposed to take it as a secu-
rity. For his part, he was opposed to taking the
stock absolutely, and hoped the amendment of
the House authorizing it would be stricken out;
and if the House of Representatives should not
concur in the amendment to strike it out, per-
haps some arrangement could be made in com-
mittee of conference upon the. amendments which
would meet the views of both branches. If, how-
ever, the Senate should not think proper to strike it
out, he had an amendment prepared to offer, which
would make the section more acceptable to him,
and he thought it would make it more so toothers.
He wished the Senate to understand distinctly the
principles on which they wore voting. If they
struck out the second section, it would be relin-
quishing entirely the stock to these corporations,
and making the appropriations in the bill with-
out taking any security for reimbursement. If
they retained this second section, it would be
taking this stock as the absolute property of the
Government, and depriving the three cities of the
resources by which they might relieve them-
selves from their great pecuniary embarrassments.
He had insuperable objections to the Government
owning this stock, and he would therefore be glad
to see this section stricken out.
Mr. WALKER said that, being a member of
the committee which reported this bill, it seemed
necessary that he should explain his reasons for
agreeing to the report. He never could have voted
for the bill in the shape that it came from the
House, as it proposed to make the Government
the purchasers of stock in this canal company, in
the same manner as if it had originally subscribed
to the same amount. He had strong objections
to the Government becoming joint stockholders
in any company; and he should, therefore, rote
for the amendment to strike out the second section,
believing it better for the United States to have
no security at all for the advances they were to
make, than to be secured in bo objectionable a
way.
| On taking the question, the first amendment of
the House was concurred in without a division;
and the amendment to the second amendment
reported by the committee, striking out the second
I section, which provides that the stock held by
the three corporations shall be relinquished to the
Government, was agreed to—ayes 21, noes 9.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which had been referred the
petition of sundry inhabitants of Michigan, pray-
I ing for the establishment of a new land office,
1 moved that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration thereof; which motion was
agreed to.
The bill to extend the western boundary of the
State of Missouri Was read the third time and
passed.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which had been referred the memorial
i of John Ross and others, in behalf of the Chero-
¡ kees, made a report thereon; which was ordered
' to be printed.
! Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill to establish a naval
academy; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MOORE, on leave, introduced a bil) for the
I relief of the children and heirs of the late William
Fisher, deceased; and a bill for the relief of Elisha
! Moreland,  William  S.  Kennedy,  and others;
i which were severally read twice, and referred.
I   RELIEF TO THE DISTRICT CORPORATIONS.
¡ Mr. LEIGH, who had voted with the majority,
moved a reconsideration of the vote striking out
the second section of the bill for the relief of the
corporate cities of the District of Columbia, as
amended by the House. This vote (he said) gave
to these cities a largesum of money without taking
! any consideration whatever for the repayment
of the money. He confessed that he had not
attended sufficiently to this amendment to under-
stand its purport when he gave his vote; indeed
he was under the impression that the question
then taken had a different import from the one
it really had.    He did not consider that he had
a night to vote to give this money to the city of
Washington, or to anybody else, without security
for reimbursement, and he therefore moved for a
reconsideration of the vote.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, thought he had stated
the simple question before the Senate as plainly
as language could make it. If they struck out
the second section, they gave up the stock and
advanced the money without any pledge what-
ever; if they retained the section there would be
a transfer of this stock to the Government. He
did not mean to mislead a single individual in the
explanation he had given. He wished further
to state that, if the object was to take from these
corporations the stock for which they had paid
$650,000, it would leave them without any re-
sources to rid themselves from the heavy embar-
rassments under which they were laboring-
Mr. LEIGH did not doubt that the honorable
Senator from Alabama [Mr. King] had made the
explanation as stated, and he confessed it was
his own fault for not understanding it; but his
mind, at that moment, had been abstracted from
the Bubject. If he had understood the question,
he should Jiaye voted directly contrary to the vote
he gave. He agreed with the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Walker,] that the Government
had no right to become a joint stockholder, but
would not enter into a discussion of that question
at that time.    He would prefer the amendment
Eroposed to be offered by the Senator from Ala-
ama, [Mr. King,] in case this amendment to
strike out failed, to the section as it now stood.
The reconsideration was then ordered; and the
question recurred on striking out the second sec-
tion.
Mr. GRUNDY wished to know from the chair-
man of the committee whether, if this amend-
ment were adopted, these corporations would re-
main in debt to the Government, or whether the
appropriation in the bill was to be considered as
a free gift ?
Mr. KING replied that there was no obligation
whatever on the part of these corporations to
refund this money. The object (Mr. K. said) was
to relieve these corporations from their embar-
rassments, and4o get rid of the whole matter. If
gentlemen were not prepared to go this far, he
was, for he believed that the expenses incurred
by one of these corporations had greatly enhanced
the value of the Government's property, the taxes
on which alone would amount to the sum granted.
He hoped this bill would be sent to the other
House, unembarrassed by any stoek transactions
whatever.
Mr. WEBSTER could not see any difference
, in the principle between lending these corpora-
tions money on security, and giving it to them as
a donation. He was here when the loan was con-
tracted, and, foreseeing the difficulties that would
be created by it, had remonstrated against it; and
in fact none protested more loudly against it than
the good people of Washington themselves. It
was well known that these corporations, the city
of Washington in particular, pretended to have
claims against the Government on acéount of
expenditures which had had the effect of raisiftg
the value of its property. This was no doubt
true, to some extent; and he thought the money
granted by this bill would be a very liberal way of
paying all claims they might have of that nature.
He was. willing to give them this money, and to
have the debt considered as canceled.
Mr. CALHOUN said the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia [Mr. King,
of Alabama] had avowed this appropriation to
bo a donation. He (Mr. C.) doubted the pro-
priety and also the constitutionality of making it.
He- would much rather support the bill as sent
from the Senate. He believed, when the canal was
extended to the mineral regjons, the stock would
rise above par. He would much rather the bill
would be sent back to the House of Representa-
tives, as it had originally passed the Senate. He
doubted the right of Congress to vote away the
money of the people, without making provision
to have it returned to their Treasury again.
Mr. NILES said it was a very ungracious task
in anyone to oppose this bill, containing a dona-
tion to these corporations, which a high «ense of
public duty required him to do. Congress, in his
opinion, had no right to interfere in this matter,
