188&
TÍOL CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
Mr WALKER Mid he had, unoa the 2Sd of' |
Ann' lit, railed the attention of the Senate to the
struggle 11 I'« x-\s, and suggested the reservation
of a \ ¡surplus that mtjht nmain m the Treasury
forth.  "Wirposeot acquiringTexaatrom whatever
Government might remain tne Government «V
ftrtfl of that country \t that period, (said Mr.
W ,lnn \l!u«)i m had been made, hi believed, by
viv «n* m . ithei House of Congreaa to the situa-
tion of nflair* in Texas. And now, (said Mr.
W ,\ upon the ^erv dav thai he had calltd the
intention ot'the Smnte toihissuhject.it appeared
that Santa Ar na h \d been captured, and hi  army
ovet thrown Mr W. said h« nevt r doubted this
result When, on the Üd of April last, resolu-
tions were introducid Ik tore the Senate by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr Moan ,] requesting
Congreaa to reeogmtc the independence of Texas,
he (Sir W > hñd opposed laving these resolu-
tions on th>> table, anil advocated their reference
to a committee of the Senate Mr W. said he
had addressed the Senate then under very differ-
ent circumstance ! from those which now existed.
The cries of the expiring prisoners at the Alamo
were then resounding in our ears; the -victorious
usurper was advancing onward with his exterm-
inating warfare, and It  the minds ot manv all
War gloom and despondency, but (Mr. W. said)
rh* tmbhshed report ot our proceedings demon-
strated that he dtd not for a moment despond;
that his confidence in the rifle ot the Wes  was
firm and unshiken; and that he had then declared
that the sun was not more certain to set in the
western horizon, than that Texas would mamtain
her independence; and this sentiment (Mr W.
said ~i he had ttken occasion to repeat in the debate
on this subject in the Senate, on the 9th of May
last. Mr W. stud what was then prediction is
now reality; and (Mr W said) his heart beat
high, and Ins «it pulse throbbed with delight,
in contemplating this triumph of liberty. Sir,
(said Mr. W.,) the people of the valley of the
Mississippi never could have permitted Santa
Anna and his myrmidons to retain the dominion
of Texas
Look (said Mr W.) at the maps, and observe
the extraordinary comers and angles of our pres-
ent boundary—that boundarv , bv the treaty of
1*19, bv which Texas was sacrificed-, by which
the valley of the Mississippi was dismembered
bywhi h the great tributaries of the Mississippi,
the Arkansas for hundreds of miles, and the Red
nver for a thousand miles, were virtually «surren-
dered to Spain; by which the right to navigate
the Mississippi was in fact coded to Spain, and a
foreign Power placed on Red river within three
days of New Orleans; a tr< aty by which the most
valuable territory,  nd the most important har-
bors on t! ■> Gulf of Mexico were given up—an
enemy placed within a few hours' sail of New
Orleans, and the command of the Gulf abandoned;
a treaty bv which five or six States (in the pro-
spective") were torn from the banner of the Amer-
ican Union; by which the balance of power be-
tween the North and the South was broken; a
balance, by establishing which, whilst the North
maintained its numerical preponderance in the
lower House, the South would maintain a major-
ity in the Senate, and thus each section be pre*
vented from oppressing the other, and ourglorious
Union be rendered perpetual' And (said Mr. W )
let gentlemen look at the nature of the population
of Mexico; let them examine Malte Brun, and
they will find that the valley of the Mississippi
never could have permitted Santa Anna to settle
Texas with the mixed colored races of Mexico
He said that, by a reference to Make Brun, it
appeared that of the eight millions that peopled
Mexico, but one seventh were of the white race,
and that since that period the expulsion of the:
European Spaniards had still further diminished
their number The rest were Africans, Indians,
Mettizoes, Mulatto* , and Zamboes, speaking
twenty different language , and constituting the
most poisonous compound that could be amalga-
mated; united in but one thing, their subjection
to a tyrannical pneslhood, and their total ignorance
of the first principles of civil and religious liberty.
And could this miscalled Republic be permitted to
dismember th   great valley of the West, to estab-
lish a government of Zamboes and Mettizoes, of
Afneami and Mulattoes, upon the borders of Lou-
latana and Arkansas, in die very heart of the
country, commanding the great tributaries of the
father ot waters, constituting, an asylum for fugi-
tive slaves from the West—a people prepared to
join at any moment in predatory incursions upon
the Irontiers—prepared to unite with and instigate
the people of their own colored race within our
limits to deeds of bloodshed and massacre s No,
(said Mr W.,) this never could, it never ought,
it never would have been permitted by the people
ot the West, and Mr. W. rejoiced that the con-
flict was over
The resolutions were then ordered to be
printed.
PETITION.
Mr KING, of Alabama, presented a petition
from sundry citizens of Alabama, praying for the
estabhshnu nt of a post route, which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads
NEW POST ROUTES.
Mr MOORE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Haatvté, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Pox Roads be uttnicted to inquire into the expediency ot
establishing a mail route from New Market, via Madison
Springs, to Hazclgreen
,\Ir. KING, of Alabama, submitted the follow-
ing rtsoluuon, which lies on the table oae day.
Rwittd, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Road  Ix. instructed to inquire into the expediency of
esnbhshinj i mail route from Salina, \MMma, b> Cataw-
ba. Pleasant mi, and Brags*  Store, to Greenville
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the tabic one day:
Baolttd, Tbat the Secretary of State be requested to
■end to tin. Senate all Uic information in the possession of
hi  D< partan nt relating to the eaptuieof Mes-r. Chouttau
and De Mcm's trading parti by the Mexican GoTemment,
and wttetneran; effort has been made by this Government
to obtain compensation tor the property plundered from
ttaid Chouteau and De Meui or .suisiacuon lor the outrage
thu  perpetrated on our citi¿en-
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House ware sev-
erally read twice and referred:
A bill for the relief of William Hewes;
A bill for the relief of Henry Keefer;
A bdl for the relief of Francis Uashford;
A bill for the relief of Bernard Pompilry;
A bill for the rekef of Ehsha Lucas,
A bill for the relief of John Cowper;
A bill for the relief of the Lexington and Ohio
Railroad Company;
A bill for the relief of John Whitseil and Jacob
Stewart;
A bill fbr the relief of John S  Devlin;
A tall for the relief of Patrick Green,
A bill authorizing the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to issue to David J. Talbot
a patent for a quarter section of land;
A bill for the relief of Thnddeus Tuttle;
A bill for the relief of James Steel;
A bill for the relief of Jean Baptiste Grainger;
A bill for th* relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives at William Graham,deceased,
A bdl for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen, &c., of the schooner Wild
Cat;
A bill for the relief of Thomas B. Parsons;
A bill for the relief of Davis Hunt;
A bill for the relief of William York;
A bill for the relief of Relief Harris;
A bill far the relief of the legal representatives
of Lathrop Allen, deceased,
A bill for the relief of James Taylor,
i     A bill for the rehtf of John Dal,
I     A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Piatt;
i     A bill for the relief of Scioto Evans;
I     A bill for the relief of tht sureties of Nicholas
Kerti;
A bill for the relief of Doctors J E. B. Fifld-
ey and A. X. Deas;
A bill for the rein f of William Walker, Abra-
ham Woodall, and heirs of Samuel Brown;
A bill for the relief of Joseph B. Folsom, and
the owners and crew of the schooner Galaxy;
A bill granting a pension to Colonel William
Lawrence;
A bill for th* relief > of Theodora Stanwsod,
I Samuel W. Brown, and John Woodbury;
A bill for the relief of John Howell;
A bill for the relief of James Baldndge;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Hunt-;
A bill for the relief of John Pickard;
A bill for the relief of Richard Martin;
A bill for the relief of John Randolph Clay;
A bill for the relief of James L. Stokes, and for
other purposes;
A bill lor the relief of Daniel Bush,
A bill for the relief of Peter Dimick;
A bill providing that John Smith be placed on
the list of invalid pensioners;
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Jacob Shoemaker, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Peter Cook, a soldier lit
the late war;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Kineaid;
A bill for the relief of John H. Holland;
A bill for the relief of John Joffers,
A bill for tho relief of Joshua Pilcher,
A bill for the relief of Samuel Gilbert, and
others;
A hill for the relief of Wealthy Barker, widow
of Isaac Barker, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Job Wood,
A bill for the relief of George Elliott;
A bill for the relief of John Bennett;
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Gunnison;
A bill for the relief of James Herrón,
A bill granting a pension to Samuel Cole,
A bill granting a pension to John F. Wiley;
A bill for the rebef of William Pollard's heirs;
and
A bill granting a pension to James Stevens.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to tho consideration of executive business;
and, after spending sometime therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 16,1836.
Mr. TOWNS asked the consent of the House
to submit certain resolutions adopted by a meet-
ing of the citizens of Macon, Georgia, in relation
toTexas
Objection being made,
Mr. TOWNS moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose stated He designed making no re-
marks oh the subject; his desire was Bitnply to
present the resolutions, have them read, laid on
the table, and printed.
Mr GLASCOCK asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules ; which were
ordered.
Mr. STORER moved to amend the motion so
as to enable him also to present the proceedings
of a public meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio, on the
same subject
Mr. TOWNS accepted the amendment as a
modification of his motion
Mi PARKER suggested that the motiofi
should be amended so as to enable the members
generally to present petitions                           <-
Mr. MASON, of Ohio, moved to lay the mo-
tion of Mr. Towns, as modified, on the table.
Messrs GLASCOCK and STORER simulta-
neously asked for the yeas and nays on this mo-
tion, which were ordered
The motion to suspend the rules was then laid
on the table—ayes 83, noes not counted.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The House resumed the consideration- of th 
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Ken-
tucky on the subject of the proceeds of the sale 
of the public lands. The question pending was
the motion Of Mr. Wim-Iams, of Kentucky, to re-
fer the resolutions to the Committee of Way* and
Means, with instructions to reporta bill distrib-
uting among the States the revenue dei i vable fi om
the sales of the public lands, to be applied to such
purposes a*  the State Legislatures may think
proper.
Mr. GRAVES, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed" the House at considerable length.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Oambhb-
Lfcso] had said that there would not be more-
money m the Treasury at the end «f the year
than to meet the demands of the Government.
Mr. G. went into a calculation to show what
amount oí money -would be In the Treasury by
which he showed that tb«r* Would be in the-
