432
1HB COMOMSSIONirlEí GLOME.
Majiiei
Treasury upwards of seventy-six millions of dol-
lars at the end of the year; which sum (he said)
was upwards of fifty millions over and above
what the Secretary of the Treasury considered
necessary for the disbursements of the year. He
then showed that there were large amounts of
former appropriations which had been made for
the Navy and other purposes, which could not be
expended in consequence of the scarcity of labor-
ers. He contended that this same obstacle existed
at present, and that it would be useless to make
larger appropriations than could be expended
during the year.    Supposing, however, that this
money all could be used, they would still have in
the Treasury upwards of fifty millions of dollars.
He replied to the arguments of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cambreleng] in relation
to this distribution of the revenues  producing
consolidation. Hedidnot consider that this came
very well from the gentleman from New York, a
State which had drawn more from the Treasury
than any other, and more than the whole southern
States together, Kentucky included.   He consid-
ered the arguments of the gentleman from New
York an attack upon the people themselves.
He considered the people of New York just as
independent, notwithstanding that they had been
fattening on the revenue of the Government, as
the people of those States which had received none
of its favors. That State had received millions
upon millions from the coffer  of the General Gov-
ernment, and still he could not conceive that the
people were at all debased thereby,notwithstand-
ing the gentleman from New York had argued
that a distribution of the revenue would corrupt
thepeople. This,Mr.G-considered tobeastrange
kind of doctrine to come from a man professing
to be a Democrat. Mr. G. also went into a cal-
culation to show the amount of money which the
States would receive, by which he showed that
Kentucky would get more than sufficient to estab-
lish and maintain a system of education through-
out the State. He contended that there was great
danger to be apprehended from the leaving the
public money in the situation in which it now was,
oecause of the danger to be apprehended from its
being used hereafter for corrupt purposes. He
considered a division of the public moneys as the
most justand proper mode of getting rid of them,
 nd believed that it was desired by nine tenths
of the people of the country.
Mr. CUSHING said he desired to give his
views on the land bill; but not deeming the
present a fit or auspicious occasion, he moved to
postpone, until Monday next, the further consid-
eration of the resolutions of the Kentucky .Legis-
lature, for the purpose of calling the States for
petitions and memorials; which motion to post-
pone was agreed to.
The motion heretofore made to reconsider a.
vote whereby a petition of ljhe Trade! Union of
Baltimore was laid upon the table, came up for
consideration, and was negatived.
RELIEF OF THE DISTRICT CITIES.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD hoped the House
would take up and consider the amendment of
the Senate to the bill for the relief of the several
corporate cities of the District of Columbia.
Objection being made,
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to suspend
the rule for the purpose of taking top said bill;
which was agreed to—ayes 101, noes not counted.
Mr. SHEPARD moved that the House concur
in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. JARVIS objected to the amendment of the
Senate. He was opposed to advancing this money,
and holding out the deception, that the Govern-
ment was to be hereafter reimbursed by the stock
proposed to be pledged, when it must be evident
that it was wholly inadequate, and never would
be worth the amount proposed to be advanced.
He was willing to strike out the stock altogether,
and let the money be appropriated as agratuity.
fie was opposed to placing the Government in
tlio position of a pawnbroker; and he was still
more opposed to holding out a pretense that they
were to be reimbursed, when, in fact, they were
giving away this money. He was willing to give
it, but not in this indirect manner, and he. hoped
that the House would adhere to their amend-
ments, and a committee of conference might be
able to propose a compromise which would he
acceptable to a majority of each House.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, considered
the amendment more objectionable than the pro-
vision in the original bill as it passed the Senate,
on the ground of the power conferred upon the
Secretary of the Treasury to sell this stock at any
time within ten years, and the provision that, if
it should sell for more than the amount advanced,
the excess should be paid overto the corporations.
If the Government took this stock and ran the
risk of being reimbursed, it should certainly be
entitled tr> all the advantages which might possi-
bly accrue from a profitable disposition of the
same. By the amendment the corporations were
to derive all the benefit, and the Government bad
to sustain all the loss. He hoped the amendment
would be negatived, and that this bill would be
permitted to lie on the table with the unfinished
business, where it ousjlit to be.
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked for the yeas and
nays on concurring in the amendment of the Sen-
ate; which were ordered.
Mr. WISE was opposed to the bill in every
shape, whether in the form of agift, or bargain and
sale, and expressed his surprise that such an ex-
traordinary measure should have obtained prece-
dence over the important business of the House.
Neither the public norprivate business should have
been made to give place to this bill. There were
claims involving $5,000,000 on account of French
spoliations prior to 1800, which could not even be
brought before the House,and which,if examined,
would be found to be founded.in strict justice,
and other claims which had been outstanding for
half a century were forced aside for the purpose
of lettir.g in this bill for the relief of the corpora-
tions of this District. He had looked into this
bill, and could not support it upon any ground of
policy, reason, or sympathy. The amount of
debt due by the corporations was the result of
mismanagement and folly, and it was a matter
of indifference to himself and his constituents,
I whether this stock was owned by foreigners, or
by the citizens of this District. If it should be
purchased by the former, it might be their interest
| to bring capital to us, and thus be a benefit to us.
I Mr. W. was aware that some individuals would
i be benefited by the passage of this act. In con-
' sequence of the load of debt hanging over the
corporations, taxation was so great that real
, estate had depreciated to almost nothing. Some
hawk-eyed speculators had bought up much prop-
erty, and if this bill should pass, the property
| thus purchased would raise one hundred per cent,
in value. It was a matter of no consequence with
his constituents whether one set of speculators or
another should be most successful. In order,
therefore, to test the sense of the House, he moved
to lay the bill and amendments on the table, and
asked for the yeas and nays on the motion; which
were ordered, and were—
YEAS—Messrs. Ash, Barton, Bean, Beaumont, Band,
Bovee, Brown, Buchanan, Bunch, Bynum, Joun Calhoon,
Campbell, Carr, Carter, Casey, Chapman, Nathaniel H.
Claiborne, John F. H. Claiborne, Coles, Connor, Craig,
Cushman, Dickson, Effner, James Garland, Gillet, Grant-
land, Grayson, Griffin, Haley, Hardin, Harper, Huives,
Hayues, Hoisey, Huntsman, Joseph Johnson, Cave John-
son, John W. Jones, Lawler, Luke Lea, Lyon, Martin,
John Y. Mason, William Mason, Maury, McCarty, McKay,
McLene, Montgomery, Morgan, Owens, Patton, Peyton,
Pickens, Readier, John Reynolds, Joseph Reynold?, Roane,
Robertson, Rogers, Augustine H. Shepperd, Shields, Smith,
Standefer, John Thomson, Waddy Thompson, Touccy,
Towns, Underwood, Vinton, Weeks, Lewis Williams,
Sherrod Williams, and Wise—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Heoian Allen,
Anthony, Ashley, Bailey, Beale, Bockee, Borden, Bnggs,
William B. Calhoun, Cambreleng, George Chambers, John
Chambers, Childs, Clark, Cleveland, Corwin, Cramer,
Crane, Cushing, Darlington, Deberry, Denny, Dickerson,
Everett, Fairfield, Farlan, Fry, William K. Fuller, Glas-
cock, Granger, Grennell, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Harlan,
Samuel S~ Harrison, ilrueltine, Henderson, Hoar, How-
ard, Howell, Hubley, Hunt, Huntington, Ingham, Jabez
Jackson, Janes, Jarvis, Jemler, Richard M. Johnson, Ben-
jamín Jones, Judson, Kcnnon, Kilgore, Kinnard, Lane, <
Lansing, Laporte, Lawrence, Joshua Lee, Leonard, Lin-
coln, Logan, Love, Lucas, Job Mapn, Moses Mason, Samp-
son Mason, May, MeKennan, McKim, Mercer, Miller,
Milligan, Moore, Morns, Page, Parker, Patterson, Dritee J.
Pearce, James A. Pearce, Petngrew, Phelps, Phillips, Potts,
Reed, Schenck, William B. Shepard, Shinn, Sickles, Slade,
Spangler, Steele, Storer, Sutherland, Taliaferro, Taj lor,
Tufrill, Vanderpoel, Ward, Wardwell, Washington, Web-
ster, and White—106.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. PARKER .contended that the Senate had
mad« the bill worse than it was originally. The
amendment might affect seriously the interests
of the United States. The Secretary of the
Treasury was authorized to sell this stock at any
time within ten years. He objected to the respons-
ibility which was thrown upon the Secretary of
the Treasury, and also to making that officer a
broker. He might determine to sell, and if the
proceeds should not come up to the expectations
of the corporations, they would complain that ho
had sold too soon, or he might delay such sale
until the end of the ten years; and similar com-
Íilaints might be made that he had waited too
ong.   He hoped the House would adhere to their
amendments.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said, that the amend-
ment of the Senate now under consideration was
certainly more favorable to the Government than
the provision in relation to the stock which the
bill contained when it first came from the Senate.
The original bill contained a provision that the
Secretary of the Treasury might, after the expira-
tion often years, sell the stock in question, and
apply the avails to the reimbursement of the debt
now proposed to be assumed for the benefit of
the three corporations of Washington, George-
town, and Alexandria. The House amended thi 
provision by making an absolute transfer of the
stock to the United States. The Senate had
amended our amendment by mortgaging the stock
to us, and authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to sell the stock within ten years. He was
in favor of concurring in the Senate's amend-
ment, because it is surely more acceptable to those
who want to sever the connections between the
Government and the corporations, than was the
original bill from the Senate. That bound them
to the stock for the term of ten years, without
the power of severing them from it. The present
amendment of the Senate authorized the Secretary
of the Treasury to sell the stock at antftimt within
the ten years; and as it is pretty well understood
that incorporated companies are not very great
favorites of the executive department of this
Government, we had a right to hope that if the
amendment of the Senate should be concurred
in, the partnership between the Government and
the corporation would not long Continue.
Mr. V. said that he had stated, when this bill
was under discussion here before, that, if we ad-
hered to our original determination of making an
absolute transfer of this stock to the Government,
we would not, at this session, pass any law for
the relief of the District. The truth of that sen-
timent was now more manifest, and he would
here repeat, that if we rejected the amendment;
the bill wovld be lost, and all the hopes of the Dis-
trict would be blasted.
Mr. HARDIN agreed with the gentleman from
New Jersey that the amendment of the Senate
was more objectionable than the Original clause
in the bill from the Senate. He contended that
the mortgage proposed could not be foreclosed
before the expiration of the ten years, notwith-
standing the provision that the Secretary should
proceed to sell the mortgaged stock at any time
within that period. There was another radi«al
error connected with this amendment. If the
Secretary proceeded to sell this stock, the United
States, did not possess the right to purchase.
Some individual, as the agent of the mortgagers,
might bid one dollar; and the mortgagee, having
no power to buy, would lose his money. If no
person should bid, there would bean end of the
business. The only remedy wpuld be to add an
additional clause, giving the United States the
power to buy. Mr. H. understood this whole
business. The object of this bill was to make a
gratuity colorable only, to prevent the people of
the United States from knowing it. If they in-
tended to give this money, let it be done openly
and directly, and let them have the credit for so
doing, and not throw this kind of color over th«
transaction, whereby they appropriated about
two millions six hundred thousand dollars, and
were to receive in exchange property not worth
half a million; and then they were to be harassed
hereafter with committees of those cities, beg-<
ging Congress ¡to give them this stock.
The aentbems  fvomN*w York [Mr. Vandsr-
poel] had alluded, to another ordeal through  >
