1836.
T E OONGUESSfONAL GLOBE,
46S
Which thi4 kill wna to pass.   This was perhaps  '
a fiVrr ordeal at the White House.    He did not i
know whether the gentleman had consulted the
President as to the course which he would pursue
on tins subitTt. He might speak from instinct,
«w lik-* :\ person wtkiiisr salt water: the gentle-
man mtrrht have Ivon enliírhtened by the use of a
forked stick. At ail eveius, he hoped the Presi-
dent would veto the bili; for there was certainly
not the hast difference in principle in buying
this stock as mortgaged, and purchasing it abso-
hiw-lv.
Mr. MANN, of New York, had voted against
the bill in all its stages. He should, however,
▼ote for the amendment, aa it would make the
bill far more acceptable than in the form in which
it passed the House; and as it would doubtless
pass, he desired that it should be made as perfect
as possible. He should vote for the amendment,
principally on the ground that it looked to the
ultimate dissolution of the connection between
the Government and this corporation.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, had
never more anxiously endeavored to discover
•raw plausible pretext to vote for this bill. He
had examined every ground upon which this
measure could possibly be placed, and it appeared
to him that the only pretenst  for making this
appropriation was upon the ground of charity
•nil benevolence; and he could never consent to
legislate upon any such principle.
Air. JENIFER urged the House to decide upon
the amendment without further debate, and made
* lew remarks in support of the amendment, as
the only means of securing relief to the District.
Mr. SUTHERLAND moved the previous
question; which was seconded—ayes 83,uoes46.
The mam question was then ordered to be put;
and the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in, as foUows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Heman Alten, Anthony, Ashley,
lailey, Beaie, Beckee, Uoráeu, Bnggs, Canibreleng, George
Chambers, Cbaptn, Child , Cleveland, Cramer, Crane,
Cu*hing, Oeberrv, Denny, Dickerson, Dromgoole, Evans,
Everett. Fairfield. Farlan. Fry, William K. Fuller, Glas-
«*ck. Granger. Grfnnell, Haley, Haraer, Hannegan, Har-
em, SamueíS. Hampón, Hazeluae, Henderson, Hefeter,
Hoar, Huntington, Huntsman, Inghám, William Jackson,
Jabcz Jackson, Jan.-?, Jenifer, Tachard M.Johnson, Henry
Johnson, John W. Jones, Judson, Kennon, Kilgore, Lane,
Laporte, Lavvler, Lawrence, Leonard, Lincoln, Logan,
Lo>aJI, Lucas, Abijali Mann, Job Mann, John Y. Mason,
Moses Mison, sauipson Masnu, McKennan, MeKeon,
McKim, Mercer, Miller, Milh'^nn. Moore, Morgan, Page,
Patter-on. Putee J. Pearce. Jame* A. Pearee, Pettigrew,
Phelps, Phillips, Pickens, Potis, Reed, Kencher, Schenek,
William B. Shepard, Augustine II. Shepperd, Shields,
Shinn. Sickle . 3iad*. Spangler, Speight, Standelfcr, Steele,
Storer, Sutherland, Taliaferro, Taylor. Thomas, Toucey,
Turrdl, Vaudarpoel, Ward, Wardivell, Washington, Web-
ster, and White—110.
WAYS — Messrs. Chilton Allan, Ash, Barton, Bean,
Beaumont, Bond. Boon, Bovee, Boyd, Brown, Buchanan,
Banco, Jobs Cainoaa, William B. Calhoun, Campbell,
Carr, Carter, Casey, Chapman, Nathaniel 11. Claiborne, -
John F. H. Claiborne, Clark, Coffee, Coles, Connor, Craig,
Cushrrran, Dickson. Dunlap, Effner, French, James Gar-
land, Giiiet, Gramland, Graves, Grayson, Griffin, Joseph
Hall, Hardin, Harper, Hawes, Haynes, Holt«y, Hopkins,
Howard, Hoiveli, Ilublcy, Jarvis, Joseph Johnson, Cave
Johnson. Benjamin Jones, Lansing, Luke Lea, Lore,
Lvon, Mamn, William Mason, May, McCoinas, McKay,
McLene, Monwomery, Morris, Owen , Parker, Pattoa,
Pevton, Joiin Eeynolils, Roane, EoberUon, Rogers, Sey-
mour, Smith. John Thomson, Waddy Thompson.Towns,
Underwood, Vinton, Wasencr, Weeks, Lewis Williaias,
óuexiod Wilhoias,and Wise—S3.
SENATE   BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twico, and committed:
A bill to provide for the enlistment of boys in
the Navy: and
A bill to extend the western boundary of the
State of Missouri to the Missouri river.
UNITED STATES AND MEXICO.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported the bill from the
Senate to provide for carrying into effect the
treaty of limits, and an additional article thereto,
between th« United States and the United Mexi-
can States; which was read twice, and committed
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.                                        ,    „
On motion of Mr. MASON, the House then
went into Committee of the Whole on the above
bill, (Mr. Howard in theehair.)
The bill having been read,
Mr. MASON made a brie/ explanation of its
provisions, which appropriated thesum of $14,500
as a compensation to a surveyor and a commis-
sioner on the part of the United States for run-
ning and fixing the boundary line between the
United States and Mexico, as prescribed by the
treaty between the two Governments.
Mr. WISE would inquire if the law itself pro-
vided for theae commissioners; and also if they
were invested with full power to determine the
boundary, without reference to any ulterior
measure on the part of Congress. A controversy
was at this moment going on with reference to
the true meaning of the treaty with Spain and
Mexico respecting the boundary, as to what was
the Sabine river; and he was credibly informed
that the President of the United States never con-
sidered, and did not then consider, what had
always been considered, the Sabine to be the Sa-
bine in contemplation of the treaty with Mexico.
He had had a conversation with Mr. Darby, and
that distinguished geographer had informed him
that there never had been, nor ever could be, a
dispute about what was the Sabine river; and
he had sustained his views in a publication in the
National Intelligencer. Yet Mr. W. understood
from Mr. Darby that the President of the United
States still contended that what was heretofore
considered the Sabine, was not the true river as-
contemplated in the treaty.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, explained the pro-
visions of the treaty. That treaty prescribed, as
far as any treaty could, the boundary between
the two countries; but an additional article had
rendered it necessary that the boundary line
should be run, and ascertained by actual surveys.
He did not understand that this bill invested either
the commissioner or surveyor with any other'
power than devolved upon them by the1 treaty.
In the event of disagreement between the commis-
sioners of the two countries, they would not of
course execute the duty, but leave it open for fur-
ther negotiation between the Governments. That
was the whole purpose of the bill. The treaty
required that each Government should appoint
one commissioner and one surveyor, who should
act together in running the line, and this bill was
nothing more than an appropriation for the per-
formance of that duty on our part.
Mr. PEYTON suggested to the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Mason] whether it was not prema-
ture to urge immediate action upon this measure.
If the intelligence received that morning should
turn out to be true, all controversy with the Gov-
ernment of Mexico on the subject of our bound-
ary line was at an end, and the next question
would be that of hailing a new-born republic, or
acknowledging Texas as an independent and sov-
ereign State. If those advices should be con-
firmed, we might soon be called upon to negotiate
' with a people who had achieved their liberty and
independence, avenged the fall of the Alamo, and
established their right to be recognized with all
the powers of a free, sovereign, and independent
State. He would suggest, therefore, whether it
would not be expedient to act upon this measure
at some more distant day of the sessioa, and at
least wait until we knew whether we should carry
on negotiations with the authorities of Mexico,
or with the authorities of the republican State of
Texas.
Mr. MASON trusted that gentlemen would
see the necessity of passing this bill, since it
was nothing more than to carry out the provis-
ions of a treaty entered into and ratified by the
treaty-making Powers of the United States and
Mexico. 'So far as the United States were con-
cerned, the contest now raging in that country
in no way affected the treaty under which the
boundary of the United States was fixed; for he
presumed it was not the purpose of the Texflns
to acquire any portion of our territory. This
, bill was an indispensable step for the execution'
of the treaty on our part, and would be equally
: obligatory, sofar as the boundary was concerned,
in any event of the contest now going on in that
country. If, hereafter, it should become neces-
sary to act with any other State, nothing would'
be lost by placing ourselves in a situation toexe-
cute the treaty fo its letter on our part.
Mr. PEYTON said, before he could vote for
this bill, h« should wish to introduce in it a pro-
viso, that our commissioner shall meet the- com-
missioner of Mexico or Texas, whichever might
be the Government dt facto.
Mr. CUSHING thought both questions of the
two gentlemen [Mr. Wise and Mr. Peyton]
were premature. Mr. C. then referred to the
treaty of 1825, which set forth that the Sabine
should be the western boundary of the United
States, and that commissioners from both sides
should meet to determine where the Sabine was.
When a disagreement arose, then it would be
time enough to meet the objection of the gentle-*
mart from Virginia. With reference to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Tennessee, the
Government of the United States had made a dec-
laration that it would maintain its neutrality, and
hold on to its treaty, long since the revolution
broke out in Texas. Here was a treaty with
Mexico, requiring certain obligations of duty on
our part, which ought to be fulfilled. It would
be time enough to treat with Texas, when she
had fully acquired her independence, but still the
same boundary would necessarily exist between
the two countries. This Government was bound
to continue to remain neutral in the existing con-
troversy so long as it remained a controversy.
The1 question of recognizing Texas might come
upon that Congress, but the present was neither
the fit time nor occasion, and would be prema-
ture even to agitate it.
Mr. WISE had only started the question as to
the power of the commissioners. He now under-
stood  that   these  commissioners  had  the  sole
power, if they agreed, of settling the boundary,
! and that it would, in that cuse, never come up
, before Congress at all.    He conceived this to be
i the. proper time to settle the question of the power
of the commissioners, and also with regard to
ultenor objects.   He saw no reason for hurrying
this bill through at this time.   He did not believe
that if our commissioners were sent, Santa Anna,
with his hands as full as they were, would send
any on his part.    Mr. W. was for postponing
the subject for the present at least.    He knew
and felt that Texas would be free, and he should
make no cool, cold calculations about the matter.
He had also another reason for postponing this
bill.   It seemed as if we were anxious, by far toa
anxious, in our consistent determination to pre-
serve our neutrality—too anxious with our pro-
fessions.    We seemed to be too neutral between
those parties, as if we wished to hasten the exe-
cution of the treaty with Santa Anna.   It might
come  to thiev that we might have no boundary
j line to settle, for he wished to see Texas bqne of
! our bone, and flash of our flesh, under' the aegis
1 of our Constitution.
! Mr. MASON referred to the message of the
President of the United States of the 5th of the
present month, in reference to the treaty with
Mexico, and recommending the appropriation
embraced in this bill. He-expressed an earnest
hope that the discussion of the grave and import-
ant questions adverted to would not be indulged
in on the present occasion. This, bill was in no
sense inconsistent with, nor had it any remote
bearing upon, any right Texas plight at, this mo-
ment possess, or might hereafter acquire.  .
With regard to the bill then under consideran
tion, he remarked that it came from the Senate
before the Committee on Foreign Affairs, on Sat-
urday last, who held a meeting, and unanimously
determined to report the bill, and recommended
its passage through the House. At that time no
intelligence had been received respecting the m-
sult of the movements in Texas, so that the com*
mittee could not be charged with any indecent
haste in reporting the bill that morning.
Mr. CALHOON, of Kentucky, wished this bill
postponed, for a short time at least, o« the ground
that the aspect of affairs had materially changed
since the additional article of the treaty had been
entered into. If the news of the morning were
true, the President of the United States would
either not appoint commissioners on our •part, or
he would pause at least; and, therefore, Mr. O.
thought the bill had better be deferred for th 
PfMr PEYTON then moved the amendment he
had indicated, providing that the canUMP«0rvars
on the part of The United State  b**J|tho«zed to.
act with the commiflsion«M "PP°^d J^e
GovernmfiBt of Mexico, or by t£t Government
