464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May IT,
of Texas, whichever is recognised by the united
States ns a Government defacto.                            ,
Mr BOULDIN was opposed to the amend-
ment and in favor of the bill, which would con-
vince the world that the United States were will-
ing to pass all the laws necessary to be passed,
even between brother and brother. There could
be no harm in passing the law, under either of
the exigencies referred to. He was prepared to
acknowledge the independence of Texas the mo-
ment a justifiable cause arose to do so; but he
wished to do all that the good faith of the country,
in the eyes of nations, demanded of us.
Mr. HOAR was strongly opposed to the views
of certain gentlemen with regard to Texas, and
for himself, (he said,) whatever might be the re-
sult in that quarter, he never would give his vote
for an inch of that territory to become an integral
partof the United States, under any pretext what-
ever.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said, that but for some
remarks made by an honorable gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Calhoun,] he would not have
obtruded himself upon the committee; but silence
under such allegations as had been made against
Borthern gentlemen might imply an assent to
their justice. The honorable gentleman from
Kentucky had more than insinuated that, while
the countenances of soutliern gentlemen were
beaming with joy and exultation at the recent in-
telligence from Texas, the faces of gentlemen
from the INorth exhibited nought but gloom and
disappointment. Asa northern man, he (Mr. V.)
felt himself called upon to repel this charge, and
to declare before this House, and the world, that
he rejoiced, most fully and cordially rejoiced, at
the triumph in Texas, the recent intelligence of
which now seemed to animate so many coun-
tenances here. He .rejoiced with a joy that he
would always feel, when a gallant baud, strug-
gling for freedom, no matter in what portion of
the globe, triumphed over the forces of a despot;
and his joy upon this occasion was enhanced by
the consideration, that the victory here was one
over a tyrant, who, if one half of the enormities
imputed to him were true, had not only intro-
duced more than savage cruelty into ciTilized
warfare, but disgraced the age in which we live.
But at the same time he must be understood as
indulging in the sympathies which he here ex-
pressed as a man and not as a legislator. He had
already lived too long not to be aware that, as a
general rule, it was extremely unsafe, when act-
ing upon subjects of national policy or national
interest, to take counsel from our passions or our
sympathies. Those public functionaries who
yielded too suddenly to their impulses were often
betrayed into imprudences, which proved them j
unwise and unsafe counselors.                              '
Mr. V. said, he was not «little surprised to
see how suddenly the tune of gentlemen was
changed in relation to the feelings of the North,
and particularly of a portion of that State which
he had the honor in part to represent, in relation
to the struggle in Texas. But a few days ago,
and we are told, that this revolution was the
work, in part, if not chiefly, of New York spec-
ulators, who had made large purchases of lands
in Texas, and were now, in the guise of philan-
thropy, exciting the citizens or subjects of Santa
Anna to insurrection, for the purpose of consum-
mating their unhallowed speculations. Have
gentlemen forgotten the* unmeasured denunci-
ations with which an editor of a New York paper
was visited here, because of an article in his
paper in relation to Texas, which was read from
the Clerk's desk? Were we hot then told, that
the " vile editor of that journal" (as he was termed)
was one of that miserable band of speculators
who were willing to swell their pecuniary
profits at the expense of the peace of States, and
the blood of valuable citizens? but now, for
reasons that it requires but little sagacity ton -
dergtand, we of the North, who had but a few
weeks ago been so culpably instrumental in get-
ting up this resolution, ¡are not to be permitted to
share in the joy which all freemen ever feel at
the triumphs of the brave votaries of liberty.
Sir, we will rejoice, we io rejoice, though some
gentlemen from the South seem to fancy that,
apon that occasion, theyh&vn the right to monop-
olise this privilege.   Have  gentlemen learned
where the moat expensive, if not the first expedi-
tions in the United States, were fitted out for
Texas, to aid her in her struggles? Have they
been told where the President of the United
States found it necessary first to inculcate upon
the officers of this Government the duty of see-
ing that no forces should be enlisted contrary to
the laws of the Union, for the purpose of being
marched against a nation with which we were
at peace ? Ask the United States district attor-
ney of the southern district of New York, and
he will be able to tell you.
Mr. V. said that he had been not a little sur-
prised at sentiments which had been uttered here
to-day, at hopes and predictions that had been
indulged in, as to the fruits to us that would flow
from the triumphs of the Texan arms.  The hon-
orable gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] had
indeed taken time by the forelock, for he had told
Us that he looked forward withjoyntthe prospect
of the annexation of Texas to this Confederacy,
and seemed to derive much of his exultation from
the belief that such an accession to our territory
would serve to extend the " terra firm*" upon
which the slave interest of the South could rest.
Mr. V. said he would not say, for he did not
now know, what course he would take, how he
would vote, should a proposition here be made to
annex Texas to the United States; but he was
free to say that, if he should ultimately be induced
to oppose its annexation to the United States, he
would not do so from the apprehension that it
would strenghten the influence and enlarge the
sphere of the slave interest.    He firmly believed
that the contrary would be its effect; that it would
secure to the free States accessions in this vicinity
which would more than counterbalance the addi-
tion of Texas to the slave interest.  Admit Texas
into the Union, and the day would not be far dis-
tant when Virginia, yes, old Virginia, with all her
high moral influence, Maryland, (and he would
almost add North Carolina,) would be numbered
among the anti-slave States. The fine and produc-
tive sugar lands of Texas, so eminently adapted
to slave labor, would justify the prices for slaves
there which, in the event of its being annexed to
I the Union, would, in a very short time, drain at
least three of the present slaveholding States of
their black population; for already were the cot-
ton regions of the new States of Alabama and
Mississippi making heavy drafts for laborers
upon the slaveholders of Maryland, Virginia,
' and North Carolina; and if you were to add to
; the Union that immense territory now about to
be wrested from the sanguinary rule of the ruth-
less Santa Anna, a region in which the sugar-cane
will spring up so luxuriantly, and, my word for
it, we of the North would soon be .able to hail
" the Old Dominion," with some two or three of
her sisters, a* non-slaveholding States.   If a slave 
worth only five hundred dollars here, would com-
mand a thousand dollars in Texas, it would be
calculating against all the potent laws of self-
interest  to   presume that the  slaveholder here
would not part with his slaves.   He could never,
therefore, oppose the incorporation of Texas in
I the Union from any considerations connected with
stavery.
Mr. V. said he had another word to say before
he sat down, in support of one of the positions
with which he had started. He stated that the sym-
pathy which he felt at the triumph of the Texan
arms, he cherished asa ma , ana not as a legisla-
tor. He must.first have erased from his mind
those lessons of wisdom which had been taught
by the Father of his Country as to the danger of
intermeddling as a Government with the affairs of
other nations, before he could consent or vote to
lend this Government to any foreign struggle,
however meritorious. The word " neutrality,"
not " entangling alliances," indicated the policy
with which the wise men who established this
fair fabric of freedom supposed the true interests
of our country to be connected. It was almost
superfluous to urge that a Government like ours
could not long exist if it pursued an officious in-
termeddling policy with the affairs of other na-
tions. We had in our day and generation seen
and heard enough of oppression under other
dynasties—enough of the struggles of the brave
to become free, to have often filled our bosoms
with anxious hope and agonizing sympathy, Still
we could Hot, without a dereliction of that policy
in which our true interest lies, lend to the op-
pressed abroad the strong arm of this Govern-
ment; we could not in our public capacity, with-
out forgetting our duty to our constituents, and
our country, like Peter the hermit, fix a strap
on our necks, and sally forth on a crusade against
despots. We had too much to do at home; and
if we once entered upon this herculean task of
setting the world free, and straightening the affairs
of other nations, we would soon find our hands
entirely too full. He (Mr. V.) belonged to a
border State. He heard a great deal said about
the abuses which the colonists north of him suf-
fered—those colonists, many of whom were his
friends and his kindred. He would not say, for
he did not know, whether their complaints were
well or ill-founded; but if their grievances were
real, and not imaginary, he would lend them the
tear of sympathy as a man and a relative; but he
would not so far forget his duty as a legislator-
he would not so far jeopard the peace and pros-
perity of his country—lie would not so suddenly
relinquish her long and well-tried policy, as to
connect this Government with the convulsions
that mightat any future time agitate the northern
section of North America. As an individual, he
might admire, yes, he was free to say, he did ad-
mire, that spirit of chivalry which had prompted
many gallant spirits of this country to go to the
aid of their neighbors in Texas, without the sanc-
tion of their Government; but he could not at
this late day abruptly abandon those principles,
those lights which had guided this nation to such
a summit of happiness and prosperity, and con-
nect it with therstruggles and revolutions of other
nations, though they might be conflicts between
freedom and despotism.
The debate was further continued by Mr. HOL-
SEY; when, on motion of Mr. MANN, of New
York, the committee rose.
Mr. JARVIS moved that the Committee of
the Whole be discharged from the considera-
tion of the bill from the Senate providing for
the enlistment of boys in the naval service of
the United States, ano that the same be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs; which was
agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 17, 1836.
The Chair communicated a report from the
Secretary of the Navy on the subject of transfers
of the balances of appropriations.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented thirteen memo-
rials from citizens of Philadelphia, praying for the
acknowledgment,of the independence of Texas.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of Martin
Thomas, praying compensation for extra ser-
vices; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. WALKER presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Mississippi, praying for the estab-
lishment of a post road; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. NAUDAIN, the Committee
on Claims was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Alphonso Wetmore.
On motion of Mr. PRENTISS, the Committee
on Public Lands was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial of Augusta
College, Kentucky.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom had been referred the petition of
William R. Robertson and others, reported a bill
for their relief; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. W., from the same committee, to whom
had been referred the resolution of the Senate on
the subject of statuary to complete the ornaments
of the east front of the Capitol, reported a joint
resolution authorizing the President to consult
with distinguished artista and men of taste, and
to procure plans and drawings for the purpose of
selecting the most appropriate plan for a group
of statuary for the contemplated purpose; the
whole to be submitted to Congress at its next
session. The resolution was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
