466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Mr W , from the same committee, reported |
without araendm.-nt a bill from the Senate to pro-
vide for the payment of certain companies of me
militia of the States of Indiana and Missouri,
for services in the campaigns against the Indians
in 183a; and also, a bill for the relief of David
McCord; and the same were committed.
Mr. BUNCH, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Elizabeth
Swain; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. McCARTY", from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported adversely upon the joint
resolution from the Senate authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to correct certain mistakes. The
question being on the third reading of said reso-
lution, it was determined in the negative; and it
was consequently rejected.
Mr. GILLET, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill making an appropriation
to rebuild the custom-house at Savannah-, which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. JONES, of Virginia, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of
Polly Lining, executrix of Charles Lining, exec-
utor of Edward Blake-, which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. JANES, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Peggy Abel, Sally Rollins, and Elijah Green-,
which was read twice and committed.                      I
Mr. WARD WELL, from the Committee on j
Revolutionary Pensions,reported,without amend- i
ment, bills from the Senate for the relief of Jona-
than Elkins, of Albert Pawling, and of J. Hitch-
cock; which were severally committed.
Mr. W., from the same committee, reported,
without amendment, a bill from the Senate ex-
planatory of the act " to prevent defalcations on
the part of the disbursing agents of the Govern-
ment, and for other purposes;" and the same was
read the third time and passed.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the admin-
istrators of Edward W. Duval; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. T. made an ineffectual effort to introduce
a joint resolution to provide for carrying into
effect a resolution of the Continental Congress,
complimentary to Major Henry Lee, now de-
ceased.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to suspend
the rules for half an hour, for the purpose of re-
ceiving resolutions in relation to post routes.
Mr. REED moved to amend by adding, "and
for the reception of petitions of" evolutionary
soldiers."
Mr. MANN accepted  the amendment as  a '
modification of his motion; and also a further
modification, at the" suggestion of Mr. THOM-
*SON, of Ohio, providing for the reception of pe-
titions for post routes.
Mr. HAWES hoped the gentleman would fur-
ther modify his motion, so as to enable him to
present various petitions for the abolition of the
West Point Academy.
Mr. MANN reduced his proposition to writing;
which was to suspend the rules for half an hour,
for the presentation of resolutions and petitions
in relation to post routes.
Mr. ROBERTSON moved, as a substitute,
that the rules be suspended for the remainder of
the day, for the purpose of calling the States for
resolutions and petitions, which should not give
rise to debate; which was negatived.
The resolution of Mr. Mann was also nega-
tived.
Unfavorable reports upon various petitions, &c,
were made by Messrs. UNDERWOOD, MUH-
LENBERG, and CRANE, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims; Messrs. CARR and
PATTERSON, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims; Mr. MILLER, from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions; Messrs. HAYNES,and
HAWES,from the Committee on Indian Affairs;
Messrs. PEARCE of Rhode Island, and CUSH-
MAN, from the Committee on Commerce; Mr.
McKlM, from the Committee of Ways and
'Means; Air. DARLINGTON, from the Commit-
•tee on Claims; Mr. JANES, from the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pension.* ; and by JVIr.
HARPER, from the Committee on the Expend-
?rn.f<rs~rtrthe Treasury Department.
MILITAnY BILLS.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky,
the House took up the bill to provide for the bet-
ter protection of the western frontiers;
The bill to provide for the establishment of an
arsenal of construction in the State of .North
Carolina; and
A bill to repair and extend the United States
arsenal at Charleston, South Carolina.
The amendments of the Committee of the
Whole to each bill were concurred in by the
House; the two latter were read a third time, and
passed; and the former bill was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a thjitd time to-day.
Mr. CHAPÍN made an ineffectual attempt to
make the bill in relation to the Smithsonian In-
stitution the order of the day for Tuesday next,
between the hours of eleven and twelve o clock.
STOCKTON &  STOKES,   ETC.
The bill from the Senate entitled "An act for the
[ relief of Stockton & Stokes, L. C. Stockton, and
Daniel Moore," was read twice and referred.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The Speaker laid before the House a commu-
nication from the Secretary of the Navy, in ac-
cordance with an act of Congress of 30th of June,
1834, directing a transfer of appropriations under
certain circumstances, transmitting an account of
moneys transferred, and of their application;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved a suspension of
the rules until one o'clock, for the purpose of
calling the States for petitions; which motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. BRIGGS moved a suspension of the rules
until one o'clock,for the purpose of receiving
petitions and resolutions for the establishment of
post routes-, which was agreed to.
The following gentlemen then presented peti-
tions for post routes: Messrs. RUSSELL, MAY,
WAGENER, GLASCOCK, HOWARD, HA-
ZELTINE, ANTHONY, FRY, ASH, CRANE,
WARDWELL, and SHINN.
NEW POST ROUTES.
On motion of Mr. MASON, of Ohio, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post O (Bee and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Canton, in Hardin county, to
Bucyrus, in Crawford county.
On motion of Mr. GRANTLAND, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route trom Fort Gaines on Blakely, in
Eany county, Georgia, to Spring creek post office, in the
said county.
On motion of Mr. HAMER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from New Market, in Highland
county, through Fincastle, to Russellville, in Brown
county, Ohio.
On motion of Mr. MAURY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Brady ville, Rutheriord county,
to Beach Grove, m Bedford county, Tennessee.
On motion of Mr. HAWES, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po~t Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Hartford, Kentucky, to V.
W. Peyton's, in the county of Ohio, and from Ilawesville
to Viles, in the county ot Hancock.
On motion of Mr. CRANE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be in trucl"d to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Jonc^ville, in Michigan Terri-
tory, by Adrian, to Maumee, in Wo „1 county, Ohio.
On motion of Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Fort Jesup and Cnmpti, in
the parish of Natchitoches, to Coat's Bluff, in Louisiana.
Oil motion of Mr. JARVIS, it was
Resolsti, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Vinalhaven, to Isle Haul, in
the county of Hancock, State of JIame.
On motion of Mr. BEAUMONT, it was
j     Revived, That the Commixtec on the Post Office and
I Post Roads beaosttucted to inquire into the expediency «f
establishing a mail route from Stoddartsville to Clifton, in
Luzerne county, State of Pennsylvania.
On motion of Mr. W. B. SHEPARD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the ixpediencv oi estab-
lishing a mail route from Wmtun, North Carolina, to Eden-
ton, via Gates court house.
On motion of Mr. RUSSELL, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instiucted to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Union village, by way of the vil-
ages of Patten Hill and Show's Mills, to the village of Sa-
lem, in the county of Washington, and State of New York,
and discontinuing that part of the present route which leads
from Pattenville to Jackson.
On motion of Mr. STANDEFER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be insti ucted to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Long Savannah, Hamilton county.
Tennessee, to Walker court-house, in the State of Georgia.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Po3t
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Kingston to Somerville, by way
of Rocky Hill, Griggstown, Millstone, and Weston, in the
State of New Jersey.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Car-
olina, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Tomhnson's stoie to Ash court-
house.
On motion of Mr. MANN, ot" New York, it
wa3
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from William Faulkner's planta-
tion to Donaldson ville; and also from Baton Rouge to
Clinton, in the State of Loui-iana.
On motion of Mr. HAYNES, it was
Resolved, TBat the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Wnghtsborougli, Georgia, to
Greensborough, in said State, by way of Stag Hall and Ray
Town.
FORTIFICATION BILL—SURPLUS REVENUE.
In further execution of the special order of the
26th of January, the House resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Mann, of New York, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for certain fortifications of the
United States for the year 1836.
The question pending was the amendment of
Mr. Cambreleng, to insert an additional item in
the bill appropriating the sum of #700,000 for the
armament of the fortifications.
Mr. MAURY, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee at length.    He said he
I should readily vote for the amount of money em-
braced in the amendment, or any oth<í amount,
if the gentleman from New York would convince
him of its necessity or expediency. He, how-
ever, should confine his remarks principally in
relation to the surplus revenue, ana also in vin-
dication of the party to which he belonged.
. With regard to the first object, he was con-
1 vinced there would be an immense surplus remain-
ing, after all the appropriation bills of every kind,
both of an ordinary and extraordinary character,
were passed, certainly not less during the pres,
ent year than $50,000,000. The-question the,
arose, what disposition should be made of this
1 mass of revenue, which, it should be borne in
mind, was progressively accumulating. A reduc-
tion of the tariff would not meet the evil, for it
! would still continue to augment. He was sur-
prised the other day to hear the charge of incon-
sistency brought upon a distinguished Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Towns,] when
I that gentleman ought to have reflected that the
principles of that bill were supported by the pres-
ent Administration, and that it was hailed by the
, gentleman's own friends in Georgia, and sup-
, ported by them too, as the olive branch of peace.
1 Mr. M. would be willing to vote for the reduc-
, tion of the tariff if he believed it could be effected
i without endangering the repose and harmony of
the country; but he was convinced this could not
be done.   Then a reduction of the tariff could
1 not be satisfactorily brought to bear upon this
1 questio ; and if it eould, still the surplus would
not be btonght within the expenses of the GoV-
■ eminent.   T*« other plans had been proposed?,
