470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
to the world with the authority of the name, not
of the individual who had presented it, but of
the State from which he came.    Ho had listened
in vain for one South Caroljna argument, or one
honest  bursting out of the feelings of a South
Carolinian; not of a South Carolinian from geog-
lanhy only, but one who has a head to see the
dangers that await us, and a heart that does not
shrink from meeting them.    Instead of a cool,
firm, and fixed purpose to stand upon the rights,
the chartered rights of the South, what have we? '
An abandonment of those rights; stale homilies
about union and fanaticism; puerile rhetoric, and
Jesuitical sophistry.   When the report squints j
even at the constitutional argument, it shrinks |
back from declaring it unconstitutional, and mol- j
lifies with the phrase, " violation of the public <
faith."   Why not speak out.'   The chairman of ¡
that committee assured me and my friend from
Virginia, [Mr. Wise,]   and  others  who  were ,
known to stand on the third parallel on this ques- i
tion, that he would not report at all unless with |
distinct assertion of the principle that Congress
had no constitutional power to legislate upon (
slavery in this District.    Ai.d how has this pledge j
been redeemed ?   With a puling declaration of
"violation of public faith."   Mr. T. desired to
hear less of public faith from one so regardless
of private faith.    Mr. T. would not, if he could
fairly avoid it, send the report to the printer; he
would rather commit it to the flames or to the
hangman.
Mr. OWENS said the document must speak
for itself. It was the intention of the committee
to have the documents printed, so that it might
be fairly understood, and might be a subject of
deliberation hereafter; but no one had anticipated
a debate on it at this stage. He had supposed
every icentleman would have concurred in a motion
to print, so that they would have an opportunity
to deliberate upon it and make up an opinion.
It was a document of great length, and it was
impossible for gentlemen to make up an opinion
upon it unless they were preaisposed to oppose
it. He had hoped that gentlemen would have
permitted it to take the usual course, and then
they would have an opportunity to make up an
opinion upon it. Mr. 0. concluded by moving
to print thirty thousand extra copies of the re-
port.
Mr. BOULDIN remarked that he would not
have said a word on this motion, but for the fact
that he had often expressed his willingness to
print the memorials, or some of them, on this
subjec!; that he had yielded his opinion, and
openly and expressly, often in this House and
elsewhere, expressed it, that it would be better
to print the memorials, and even the abolition
papers, or let them circulate openly, (seeing that
they were circulated covertly,1) than to refuse.
He had given up his own notion to the better
judgment and experience of others from the South,
knowing their feelings and interests to be the
same with his,and their judgmentsmore matured,
and better. He had votedagainst printing against
his own judgment, in compliance with that of his
colleagues from the South, and, as he believed,
with that of his constituents. He had thought
the people ought to know who they were, many
or few, and what they wanted. It could do no
harm. Mr B. said he was asked by a friend, in
an under, but audible tone of voice, why not print
this report ? Mr. B. said he had voted against
raising the committee; that the report came from
that committee; that it contained matters that he
was not willing to pay for or vote for; that the
memorials and papers before alluded to were from
known and acknowledged enemies (in this par-
ticular) to the interests of the South; but their
projects he was willing his constituents should
understand and know. This report contained
arguments and positions that he did not believe
would do his constituents and the country any
good. He had not heard every word read, but
he had heard enough to satisfy him that the gen-
eral aspect of it would not suit him or his con-
stituents. He did not wish to pay for the printing
of it, nor was he willing to have any one in doubt
about his objection to the raising of the commit-
tee, or the general complexion of the report. He
said he had boarded, and still boarded, with the
honorable chairman, [Mr. PiKCE i?r] «tod lived,
and had lived, and still should live, he had no
doubt, in the utmost friendship and harmony with
that gentleman. Ho could not, therefore, he then
influenced by any dislike to the chairman. He
simply diO not wish to print it; and having ex-
pressed his opinion hitherto that he wished all
upon the subject printed, and was only restrained
by the general opinion of the South, he wished
to make this explanation; the more especially as
he expected, and had little doubt, that many of
his political friends, and others from the South,
would vote for the printing. He thought the
rights of the District and the South were plain,
and needed neither report nor argument to sustain
them; that they were well understood; and all we
wanted to know upon the subject was, whether
anybody intended to interfere with those rights.
Mr. HAWES was convinced, from the argu-
ments of gentlemen, that this report ought to be
printed. No sooner was this very long report
read, in the preparation of which the committee
had been engaged weeks upon weeks, than one
gentleman from the South rose in his place, and
said he could not vote for it, because it contained
such and such matters. Another gentleman from
the South rose and said that he would go for '
printing the document, because he considered it
as going to allay the excitement at the South;
and this difference of opinion he considered as
the strongest reason why the document should be
printed. His constituents would not permit him
to form an opinion for them in this matter; they
would require the report itself to be submitted to
them; and he thought the gentleman from Vir-
ginia had gone rather far in speaking fox his con-
stituents.
Mr. WISE said he could speak for every man
in his district, and say that they would not be
satisfied with this report; and with the exception
of a few, he could spe-k for the State. Whilst
up, he would say to the gentleman from Georgia—
who had said that none would oppose the print-
ing, except those predisposed not to agree with
it—he would say that, in consequence of the
pledge given to him, he had kept a strict eye
upon the report while reading; and besides this,
he was informed by the gentleman from Georgia
himself, that there was no express declaration
that Congress had not the power to abolish
slavery in the District.
Mr. OWENS said that the observations of the
gentleman from Virginia showed the necessity of
having this document printed, so that every gen-
tleman could be clearly informed on the subject.
Mr. HAWES remarked that the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Wise] had said that he would
answer for every man in his district. He believed
the constituents of that gentleman, from what he
had heard of them, to be a highminded and hon-
orable set of men; but he would say that, if they
permitted their representative to form an opinion
for them, they were a most servile set of men.
Mr. H. said his constituents would demand to
have the document laid before them for their
own examination; nnd he felt it to be his duty
to vote for the printing of the largest number of
copies.
Mr. HOWARD said that he intended to vote,
not only for printing the document, but for print-
ing the largest number proposed, and wished to
state the reason why he would do so. However
deeply the States to the south of Virginia might
be interested in the question of abolition of slavery
in the District, it must be conceded tLat the two
States which had ceded to the Federal Govern-
ment a portion of their territory and population,
were peculiarly bound to watch the exercise of
the powers of Congress, and see that the intention
of the grant was not frustrated. Of these two
States, Maryland, perhaps, might be expected to
feel a deeper interest than even Virginia,because
of her being the frontier of the slaveholding
States, liable to be affected most early and sensibly
by any abolition movement. In the siege which
the fanatics of the North were carrying on against
the District, some of the bombs and shells which
they were aiming to throw into this House
might be expected to burst on the way; and so
it had proved. The feelings of a large portion of
the people whom he had the honor to represent
had been much roused, and they had expressed
them ia resolutions at public-meetings, which
! were upon the records of this House, and mani-
fested as much sensibility as was shown by any
part of the United States. He himself (Mr. II.
said) was a slaveholder, and partoxk largely of
the feelings incident to that condition. When
he left his home to take his scat in this House,
he left his children surrounded by slaves, and
therefore could not but be sensitive to any move-
ment which went to corrupt the principles of that
species of population. But as far as he had been
able to understand the report from hearing it read,
he could not concur with the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] that the entire question of
constitutional power was surrendered. On the
contrary, he thought the rights of the people of
Maryland, Virginia, and the District, were suf-
ficiently defended in the report, by the denial of
any power to Congress togofurtheron the subject
of slavery than the States ceding the territory
did, or might do. To ascertain whether the
mere abstract power existed in the Federal Gov-
ernment, it would be necessary to enter into a
critical examination of the acts of cession, and
the Constitution ; but as long as the ground as-
sumed in the report should be adhered to by
Congress, viz : that the people in the District
] were entitled to equal protection at the hands of
Congress with the inhabitants of Virginia and
i Maryland, he thought it unnecessary to inquire
I into an abstract point, which might or might not
• ever come up for decision. Although the conse-
quences flowing from an opinion furnished no
exclusive guide to the accuracy of that opinion,
especially upon a point of law, yet in this case
' it might be useful to regard the results which
would follow from the establishment of the doc-
trine maintained in the report, and that contended
for by the gentleman from Virginia,
i Maryland had passed an act appropriating
$200,000 to send out of the United States free
blacks, or such slaves as might be voluntarily
emancipated. The managers of this fund were
aided by a society, of which he (Mr. H.) had the
honor to be the presiding officer; and they had es-
tablished a colony in Africa, which was as flour-
ishing as any colony which had ever been planted.
As far as their experience had gone, the number of
slaves who were voluntarily emancipated by their
masters, for the purpose of being sent to Africa,
was greater than the means of sending them; and
this fact, of itself, might satisfy the non-slavehold-
ingStates, that humanity as wellas policy required
the adjustment of every matter relating to the Af-
rican race to be left to those who best understood
their condition. By them alone could any truly
1 wise or humane measure ever be carried into
i effect? What might be the consequence of this
1 step, taken by Maryland, no one could foresee;
but it was evident, that if emancipation continued
to be ahead of funds, an increase of pecuniary
means must eventuate in the conversion of that
State into a non-slaveholding State.   Now, sup-
Cose this result to take place in any given num-
er of years, and the same thing to occur in
Virginia: it is clear that the construction of those
opposed to the report would consign the people
of the District to a remediless and hopeless con-
dition, whilst on the other hand the principles of
| the report would permit, upon the application of
1 the inhabitants, the extension to them by Con-
gress, of the same laws which had operated upon
i Maryland and Virginia.   That such a construc-
I tion of the powers of Congress as would enable
them to do this would be attended with a desir-
¡ able result must, he thought, be admitted upon
all hands, provided the phraseology of the Con-
stitution and the acts of cession would admit of
it; and this was the only case in which he under-
stood the report to assert that Congress possessed
any power over slavery in the District.
I    Mr. OWENS rose to inquireAvhether the gen-
tleman from Maryland was not going too far into
the merits of the report, upon a motion to print.
Mr. HOWARD said, that during the whole
session he had carefully avoided giving any en-
1 couragement to general debates upon the subject
| of slavery, and was unwilling now to do any-
l thing more than state the reason why he should
| vote for printing an extra number of the report.
Having expressed this, he would hope, with the
j gentleman from Georgia, that the debate would
I not be prolonged.
