1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
Mr. PATTON wished to state his reasons for
roups: i ■> print this document. He should not
oiilv vote to print the usual number, buthe would
 ot.' to print any reasonable extra number. The
rvnort was presented to him as the result of the
labors of a committee which had been raised to
take into consideration a most interesting and cx-
cmng «abjeit. He had not concurred with the
House in the course it thought proper to pursue
on this subject, because he was not of opinion
that it was the most prudent and judicious course;
and he had not changed in opinion. He was
perfectly satisfied that the expectations of gentle-
men would be frustrated and disappointed. Not-
withstanding this, he would be in favorof having,
the report take its usual course. No matter
whether they agreed with the conclusions to
which the committee had come or not, still it
should be put in a form in which the House could
judge of its acts of omission or of commission.
No man could suppose that, by refusing to print
it, it would not be a subject of discussion there
and elsewhere. The document would be printed;
and the agitators and fanatics of the North would
seize upon it, and discussion would again be re-
newed. He did not believe that there was an
Abolitionist from the Potomac to the northern-
most part of Maine, who would not be in favor of
printing this document. He begged leave to say
that, in voting to print, he must not be understood
as concurring with the committee in their report;
because he apprehended that it did not go so far
as he desired it should go.
Mr. SPEIGHT said, if he understood the
question rightly, it was to print the usual num-
ber of copies, and he would respectfully suggest
to gentlemen whether-it ought to be discussed
before it was printed. He must confess, although
he listened very closely to the reading of the doc-
ument, that other gentlemen had been more for-
tunate than himself in hearing it, if they were
able to decide that it should not be printed. He
asked the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise]
if he was prepared to act on this report before it
was printed; and he would also ask whether
voting to print the usual number could be con-
strued into an acquiescence in the report? He was
surprised to hear the opposition which had been
made to this report, because, so far as he had
heard, it asserted every principle which the South
contended for, except, perhaps, so far as the Dis-
trict of Columbia was concerned; and when this
question came before the House be was prepared
to express his opinion upon it, as his mind was
made up, but he did not consider this the proper
time to do so.
Mr. WISE rose to state to the House that he
did not mean to object to the printing of the usual
number; but he objected to the printing of any
extra number.
Mr. ROBERTSON objected to the printing of
the usual or any other number of this report.
The hour of one having arrived, the Speaker
arrested the discussion.
Mr. MERCER moved to suspend the rules until
half past one o'clock, for the purpose of dispos-
ing of the motion to.print; which was agreed to—
ayes 127, noes not counted.
Mr. SUTHERLAND was in favor of printing
the report, which had been made by the gentle-
man from South Carolina. That gentleman had
been accused by one of his colleagues [Mr.THOiir-
son] of misrepresenting the feelings and wishes
of his State. This was a high and grave charge,
and he wished to give the former a chance of de-
fending himself by printing his report, and send-
ing it to South Carolina, and thus affording an
opportunity to the people of that State to judge
for themselves. He was not prepared to say,
that all the reasoning of the report would suit
either his constituents or himself, but this would
not prevent him from having it printed and sent
out for the judgment of the country; and he would
always be ready to afford an opportunity to those,
against whom serious charges had been made, to
be heard.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, could
not oppose printing the ordinary number of this
report, but objected to printing an extra quantity.
He repeated, that his colleague [Mr. Pincknet]
had grossly misrepresented his State. But it
seemed that the gentleman froni Pennsylvania
last up had undertaken to vindicate his colleague
from a charge upon which that colleague had
chosen to remain silent. There was much fitness
in the gentleman from Pennsylvania as a cham-
pion for the gentleman from South Carolina The
gentleman from Pennsylvania had furnished the
world with his canons of political ethics; it was
a simple question of the rule of three, how much
principle will an ascertained amount of interest
give? He should suppose, from the zeal of that
gentleman in this matter, that he had some in-
terest in it.
Mr. ROBERTSON contended that the report
yielded to Congress the right to abolish slavery
in this District, and yielded everything which the
Abolitionists could have expected when they sent
their petitions there. He had heard the report
read, ne would not say with surprise, but with deep
mortification and regret; because it was not calcu-
lated to put the South upon the ground which she
ought to occupy; and the resolutions did not go to
the extent absolutely necessary to the peace and
safety of the country. Mr. R. contended that
the printing of a document was left to the discre-
tion of the House, and he thought in the present
instance they should not print. Mr. R. conclud-
ed by moving to recommit the report to the select
committee, with instructions to report a resolu-
tion that Congress does not possess the constitu-
tional power to abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia or the Territories.
Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, did not rise to dis-
cuss the question. It had already been too much
discussed.    He movc.d the previous question.
Mr. PINCKNEY hoped the gentleman would
withdrawable motion for a moment. He desired
merely to say that the report did not, as had been
stated, yield the constitutional power to Congress
of abolishing slavery in the District. All asser-
tions of the kind were grossly incorrect.
In answer to an inquiry, the CHAIR stated
that, if the previous question prevailed, the main
question would be on the adoption of the resolu-
tions.
Mr. THOMSON supposed the main question
would be on the motion to print. He therefore
withdrew the motion for the previous question.
Mr. BYNUM obtained the floor; but yielded
it for explanation to
Mr. SUTHERLAND, who replied to the re-
i marks of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Thompson.] Air. S. said that the gentleman
had backed out from the ground which he origin-
ally took.    At first he was for burning the re-
port, or giving it over to the common hangman;
now he was in favor of printing the usual num-
ber.    But the gentleman had spoken of him as
the champion of his colleague, [Mr. Pincknet.]
He needed no champion, and the gentleman might
j want one quite as soon as his colleague.    The
, gentleman had thought proper to allude to an old
and long since worn out imputation in relation to
himself. This allusion he considered beneath the
character of the memberfrom South Carolina, and
he would only refer the gentleman to his whole
public life as a sufficient answer to the charge.
The debate was here arrested by the expiration
of the time for which the rule had been suspend-
ed.'
Mr. LEWIS said he had received information
of such a character as would induce him to move
to set aside the fortification bill and all other busi-
ness, for the purpose of considering and passing
the bill for raising additional volunteers, which
he expected woulube returned from the Senate
with amendments.
Mr. CAMBRELENG would cordially unite
with the gentleman in the attainment of his ob-
ject, and would inform him that he had received j
that morning a communication from the Secretary !
of War, asking an appropriation of $500,000 for
suppressing Indian hostilities on the part of the
Creek Indians.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
the annual statements of commerce and navi-
gation; which was laid on the table, and ordered
tobe printed.                        •
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to print the'usual
number (two thousand) of extra copies of the
foregoing documents. The motion lies one day
for consideration.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
In further execution of the special order of the
26th of January, the House resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Mann, of New York, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for certain fortifications of the
United States for the year 1836.
The question pending was the amendment of
Mr. Cambrelenc, to insert an additional item in
the bill appropriating the sum of $700,000 for the
armament of the fortifications.
Mr. FORESTER, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee at some Itngth. He
took a general view of the subject of fortifications,
and avowed himself in favor of a plan to protect
the more exposed and prominent points, bufop- .
posed to a general scheme of fortifying the whole
of the sea-board. He was also in favor of such
an increase of the Navy as would render it effi-
cient to protect our commerce, and to defend our-
selves in case of attack. He then entered into an
examination of the present and probable future
amount of the surplus revenue. By the last re-
turns of the deposit banks, they then had, to the
credit of the Treasurer of the United States,
$32,000,000, and $3,000,(100 besides, deposited
by other officers of the Government. The last
quarter's revenue, ending on the 31st of March,
amounted to $11,000,000 already collected; and
should the next three quarters be as much, it
would amount to $33,000,000 more by the end of
the year. It was not, however, probable that the
coming revenue would be so large, and therefore
he would knock off *8,000,000, puttingitdown at
$25,000,000, making the whole accumulation in
the Treasury no less than $60,000,000, and in-
cluding the $7,500,000 to be derived from the
Bank of the United States, would, in all, amount
to $67,500,000. He had taken some pains to ex-
amine the various public and private bills before
the two Houses, and the whole of them, suppos-
ing every one to pass, would require an aggregate
of appropriations, in round numbers, of about
twenty-five millions of dollars, leaving, in the
event of every bill passing, at the lowest estimate
of the accruing revenue, upwards of forty-two
millions of dollars. He then proceeded to discuss
the tariff question and its consequences, the sub-
ject of internal improvements, ate., and replied to
some of the points advanced by one of the gen-
tlemen from New York, [Mr. Moore.] He
adverted to the course of Mr. Van Buren on the
foregoing subjects, and said he believed that gen-
tleman had voted for every tariff measure that had
been brought forward, and also for every measure
of internal improvement.
A message arriving from the Senate, Mr. F.
suspended his remarks. The committee rose, and
the Speaker resumed the chair.
WESTERN FRONTIER.
The message from the Senate was then re-
ceived, returning, with amendments, the bill
authorizing the President of the United States to
accept the services of volunteers, and to raise a
regiment of dragoons or mounted riflemen.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, the bill was taken
up, and read as amended.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, objected
to the proposition in the bill for raising ten thou-
sand cavalry.
Mr. McKAY remarked that the bill did not
propose that number to be absolutely raised, but
merely limited the number to ten thousand.
Mr. LEWIS advocated the amendment, which
contemplated the raising of ten thousand men at
the discretion of the Presiden t of the United States.
The exigency for doing so had already arrived;
and Mr. L. had received letters that morning,
statin" that there was a general scene of massacre
now going on in the Creek nation; that all the
troops in command of the Government, not em-
ployed in the Florida war, had been sent on to
that point, but that they were but a handful; and
the Secretary of War now invited the passage of
the bill, in order to send an efficient aid and pro-
tection to the helpless women and children who
were now at the mercy of the savage.
Mr. GLASCOCK followed on the same side,
and briefly «upported the amendment. The num-
ber of men to be raised, was left to the discretion
