472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
or the President, and he would order the partic- I
ulur description of troops, infantry, or cavalry,
accordm" *o the nature of the country where they
were to a!-t.    He earnestly appealed to the House
to pass the bill as speedily as possible.
T'ie Question was further debated by Mr. I
MeKAY, .Mr. SPEIGHT, and Mr. ASHLEY.
Mr. ADAMS expressed a wish for further
information, before he desired to record his vote
on tins bill; to know whether the exigency was
sufficient to justify the raising of so large a force,
and whether it was intended to add to the stand-1
in" army of the United States. Mr. A. then
reviewed the subject of the war in Texas, and
passed some strictures on the manner in which
that subject had been discussed, both in and out
of Congress; adverting to the resolutions offered
sbv him yesterday, on the subject of our relations
with Mexico. Ón these topics he dwelt at some
leng'h.and contended that the principle of the
bilfhad been entirely changed by the Senate's
amendment, which, he hoped, would be disagreed
to by the House.
Mr. LAWLER adverted to the alarming ad-
vices that had been received from the Creek coun-
try, to urge upon the House the immediate neces-
sity of passing this bill, and made a brief reply
to the remarks of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts'.
M i-, GLASCOCK also replied to the same gen-
tleman's remarks in opposition to this bill. He
regretted that any individual on that floor, and
more so one who had occupied so distinguished
a station in this country as he had, should be
found openly to avow his feelings to be in favor
of that tyrant and usurper, Santa Anna.
Mr. ADAMS explained that he had been mis-
understood.
Mr. GLASCOCK replied that the gentleman
had so avowed himself, though indirectly, a id
his laigtiage could bear no other construction.
Mr. G. proceeded further in reply to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, and stated his own
views with regard to Texas; that he went heart
and soul with the Texans, and was ready to aid
them, when the proper time arrived, in the most
efficient minner. He explained the provisions of
the bill, and supported it at considerable length,
which, in no sense that could be put upon it,
provided for an addition to the standing army.
The troops were to be raised for a specific time,
and to be engaged in a specific service.
Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, referred to the pro-
visions of a similar bill passed in 1812, which
offered a precedent in point, and he compared
their details, to show that the present bill was
in no construction unconstitutional. He hoped
the amendment would be passed without further
objection.
Mr. MANN, of New York, remarked that this
bill had been very deliberately considered and
discussed at great length when it was last under
consideration before the Committee of the Whole;
and as they were informed that it was of the
utmost importance to those residing in and on
the borders of the Indian country, that the bill
should pai>s without delay, and as the debate
appeared to be taking a very wide, and he must
say a very unusual range, he therefore moved
the previous question.
The motion was seconded by the House—ayes
98, noes not counted.
Mr. HARDIN remarked, that as he wanted to
see how many would vote to increase the regular
army by ten thousand men, he therefore asked for
the yeas and nays on the question of ordering
the main question to be put.
The yeas and nays being ordered, the question
was declared in the affirmative—yeas 126, nays
6G.
So that the House determined that the main
question, which was on agreeing to the amend-
ments of the Senate, should be now put.
Mr. BELL asked for a division of the question
on the respective amendments.
The first amended being read,
Mr. HOWELL asked for the yeas and nays
thereon, which the House refused to order; and
the first amendment of the Senate was concurred
in—ayes 107, noes not counted.
The second amendment was then concurred in
without a count.            
The amendment of the Senate to the third sec-
tion, giving to the President the power to com-
mission the officers elected by the volunteers, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
when they are mustered into the service, being
read,
Mr. HARDIN asked for the yeas and nays
thereon; which were ordered; and the question
being taken, was decided as follows—yeas 101,
nays 102.
So the House refused to concur with the Sen-
ate in their amendment.
The other amendment of the Senate to the
fourth section, regulating the pay for mileage
and forage of the officers and privates of the vol-
unteers, was then concurred in—ayes 109, noes
not counted.
The remaining amendments were then con-
curred in.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. OWENS asked for the yeas ami nays; but
they were not ordered; and the motion to adjourn
was negatived—ayes 73, noes 91.
CREEK HOSTILITIES.
Mr. CAMBRELENG asked leave to report a
bill making appropriation for the suppression of
hostilities with the Creeks.
Leave being granted, Mr. C. reported the said
bill, under instruction from the Committee of
Ways and Means; which was read twice and
committed.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Dickersos in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
foregoing bill.
The bill was then read. It appropriated the
sum of $500,000 for the object above stated.
Mr. CA-j'BRELENG then sent to the Clerk's
table a letter from the Secretary of War, calling
for the appropriation, and inclosing an estimate
for the purpose.
Mr. ADAMS said he should vote for this bill,
both in committee and in the House, and should
also vote for its immediate passage this day. Mr.
A. then availed himself of that opportunity to
make a brief reply to the two gentlemen [Mr.
M Aunt and Mr. Glascock] who had spoken with
reference to him on the former bill.
T)n motion of Mr. OWENS, the committee
rose and reported the bill to the House.
The SPEAKER having resumed tho chair, the
bill.was taken up.
Mr. McKAY inquired of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means if the War De-
partment was in possession of any other inform-
ation than that which had been read? They had
for some time past heard many rumors, and it
might turn out that the accounts had been exag-
gerated.
Mr. CAMBRELENG remarked, that the let-
ter cf the Secretary t>f War was very full, and,
moreover, a number of letters received by mem-
bers of Congress from Georgia and Alabama had
been read among the members.
Mr. LEWIS then sent to the Clerk's table a
letter from a gentleman at Columbus, detailing
the most distressing scenes that were passing in
the Creek country.
Mr. VINTON said he should not vote against
the bill, but he could not omit the occasion of
entering his dissent against the extraordinary and
irregular manner in which this bill and others
of a similar character, were hurried through the
committee and the House. He complained also
of the irregular and disrespectful manner in which
the Secretary of War sent his letters to the House.
The Executive was responsible for such matters,
and a message from him ought to have been sent
there. He believed in the end that it would be
found the fault lav with ourselves, and that the
Indians, both in florida and elsewhere, did not
take up the tomahawk until they were driven to
it. He was for inquiring into the causes of the
war, for if, upon the faith of a few letters from
the borders, and the requirement of a subordinate
Department, they were to pass these bills, they
would be only encouraging these Indian wars.
Mr. SPEIGHT referred to the course of the
gentleman from Ohio and his friends some years
ago, which was the real and only cause of the
present troubles, but for whom the Indians would
all long since have removed west of the Missis-
sippi. With regard to the gentleman's complaint
of disrespect on the part of the War Dupar'ment,
Mr. S. said, it was in the usual and customary
form, and the estimates were always sent to
Congress at the commencement of every ses-
sion.
Mr. MANN, of New York, saw a connection
between the gentleman's argument and a certain
bill now before the House, the land bill, the pas-
sage of which might be rendered still more hazard-
ous by appropriating the public money io the
absolute necessities of the country, and thereby
preventing a division of the spoils. Pass that
bill, and the means for passing another appropria-
tion would be exhausted.
Mr. BR1GGS denied that those gentlemen who
were in favor of a distribution of the surplus rev-
enue, beyond what was required for the wants of
the Government, were influenced by sordid or
mercenary motives, or that, if such a law were
passed, there would be an end of appropriations.
Mr. HOLSEY replied to the gentleman from
Ohio, and entered into a brief statement of the
causes leadingto the hostilities of the Indians.
Mr. LEWIS made an earnest appeal to the
i House to pass the bill without further discus-
sion. When the war was actually raging in our
country, it was no time to set about inquiring
into its causes; he therefore moved the previous
question on the engrossment of the bill.
The previous qui stion was seconded rum. con.;
and the main question being ordered to be put,
the bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading now.
, Mr. HARDIN made a few remarks in reply
to the remarksof the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Speight,] that the troubles with the
Indians grew out of the opposition to the remo-
val of the Indians.    He repelled that idea, for ho
! was perfectly satisfied that, let the Indians be re-
moved as far west as possible, still they would
be encroached upon by the whites. He saw but
one remedy, and that was to civilize them, and
make them part of our own family, or else to ex-
terminate them.
Mr. WISE detailed some circumstances con-
nected with the operations under the Seminole
treaty, which were probably the cause of the war,
which had been furnished to him from a source
upon which he could rely.
I     Mr. MILLER moved the previous question;
■ which was seconded without a count; and the
main question, being on the passage of the bill,
was ordered to be put; and being put, was agreed
to ntm. con.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the House ad-
journed at quarter before seven o'clock, p. m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 19, 1836.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of the repre-
sentatives of Charles Sanguinett, praying for con-
firmation of their claim to a tract of land; which
•was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. KENT presented the memorial of the Board
of Trade of the city of Baltimore, praying for an
increase of the compensation of the custom-house
officers of that city.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the bill from the House for the
relief of Gaetano Caruse, without amendment.
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported, withoutamendment, the bill from
the House for the relief of certain pensioners
therein named; and moved that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
bill for the relief of Payne Perry; which motion
was agreed to.
Mr.TOMLINSON, from the same committee,
reported, without amendment, the bills for the
relief of SamueLKincaid and Peter Livingston.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported, without amendment, the
bills for the relief of John Devlin, and for the
relief of the widows and children of the officers,
