1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
•earner, and marines of the United States schooner
WiM t at
Oil motion of Mr W \LKCR, the report of
itií i> crxtarv ot tue Ttvusurv on the subject of
p.vem > ions, made some tla)s ago, was ordered
to i*, pruned.
SErtVICES OF VOLUNTEERS.
Ou ro mou of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the
Senate proceed' d to the consideration of the dis-
agreement of the House to tne Senate's amend-
ment to the bill .Mithorizinzim President to accept
the services of vo'uuteers for the defense of the
frontiers, when
Mr. K inoted that the Senate insist on its
amendment. He looked on this amendment of
the Senate as a very important one, and that with-
out it. the corns to be raised would not be an effi-
cient one. Ihe duTLultus with the Executives
ot" 'he Spates w ith regard to the appointment of
the general and fit Id officers, would effectually
pre\i nl this corps from being so organized as to
be efficient and useful He hoped that the Senate
u ouid insist on its amendment, and thata message
would be sent to the House without delay, so as
to expedite the passage of this bill as much as
pelSSldh.
Mr. CALHOUN understood that the effect of
this disagreement of the House was to change
the character of this volunteer force from regular
aoldier3 to volunteer militia. The bill, in tins
parti ular, as i' came fioni thf* House, might have
been informally worded, but he thought the in-
tent.an cf that body was sufficiently exprcssid
that this should be a volunteer militia and no. a
regular fur c He hoped that the Senator from
A.aoam-\ would, ri a spirit of conciliation, agree
to adJ to his motion a request for a conference.
Mr C. then movt d to amend the motion of Mr.
Kivo !>v adding the words, "and ask for a con-
ference."
Mr KING asked for a division of the question
as it stood-, and after a discussion as to the points
of order, between Messrs. CALHOUN and
KING,
The CHAIR stated that the proper qjestion
wou'd be, " Shall the question on the motion of
the S nator from South Carolina be first put' "
This question having been decided in the nega-
tive,
Mr CALHOUN withdrew his motion.
The question was then taken on Mr. King's
motion that the Senate insist on its amendments,
and dec ded in th^ affirmative.
Mr. HUBB\RD thought that it would expe-
dite the passagf of the bill through both Houses
to hate a conference with a committee of the
other House.
Mr. CALHOUN renewed his motion to ask
for a conference, which motion was agreed to;
a d the conmittee, with the unanimous consent
of the Senate, was appointed by the Chair, con-
sisting of Messrs. Calhock, King of Alabama,
and Ucciiasav.
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies on the table one day:
Raolred, That tbe President of the United1 States be re
erae-ted to 'ommumcate to the Senate, so far as in his judg-
ment 'h  public interest may permit, and confidentially or
otherwise, information of Ux> present state of >he negotia-
tion between the United States and Great Britain, respect
■ng the northeastern boundary of thp United State , in-
cluding all rorre«pondewe between the two Governments
not heretofore communicated to the Senate; and those pre-
luninary condiuons without which Great Britain decline*
to renew the negotiation, as stated in tbe President's mes-
sage at the opening of the present session, and which con
ditions he deems to be incompatible with a satisfactory and
nghtfol adjustment of the controversy.
TRANSFERS OF PUBLIC MONET.
On motion of Mr. EWING, of Ohio, the Senate
took upthe resolution submitted by hun,inquiring
from the Secretary of the Treasury the amount
of moneys transferred since the 3CHn June last to
the banks east of the Alleghanies, from the Com-
mercial Bank of Cincinnati and the Clinton Bank
of Columbus.
After some remarks from Mr. HUBBARD and
Mr. EWING, the resolution was amended by
inserting, "the Franklin Bank of Cincinnati;''
CARD, EWING of Ohio, WEBSTER, and
WRIGHT, the resolution was «greed to.
KORT1F1CVTI0N  BILL.
The Senile then proceeded to the consideration
of the lull m  kingapr ropiiation« for the purchase
of sues, the collection of mateuals, and for the
construction of foititications; when
Mr WRIGHTaddrtssed the Senate m a speech
of some length, in favor of the bill.
After some remarks fiom Messrs. EWING
of Ohio, RUGGLES, WALKER, and PRES-
TON,
Mr. PRESTON moved to amend the pending
amendment by making it read as follows:
For fortifications at Penobscot bay, the sum of-------
dollars annually lor two years;"
which motion was accepted by Mr. BENTON
as a modification of his amendment.
Mr. WEBSTER suggested that the question
on this amendment had better be taken when the
Senate was full; and as it was late in the day, he
thought that they had better adjourn.
The Senate then adjourned.
and,
After some further remarks from Messrs. HUB 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, .Voy 19, 1836.
Mr. CUSHING, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Remlrei, That there be printed for the use of the House
fifteen thousand extra copies of the message and accompa
nying documents in relation to the southwestern Iron tier ol
the United Slate.-, communicated to the House by the Pres-
ident on the 14th instant, with the documents from the War
Department on the same subject, presented to the Hou*e on
tbe 7th instant by the chairman ot the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Petitions and memorials were presented, on
leave, by Messrs. CHANEY, JUDSON, REED,
LAWRENCE, GRANGCR, ASHLEY, REY-
NOLDS of Illinois, McKIM, THOMAS, IN-
GERSOLL, TOWNS, DENNY, HOPKINS,
JONES of Ohio, UNDERWOOD, HAZEL-
TINE, DOUBLEDAY, HAWES, STORER,
McKENNAN, STANDEFER, McCAR.TY,
and LOVE; and appropriately referred.
[Mr. Reynolds, of Illinois, presented the claim
of the heirs of Captain William B. Whiteside, for
military services performed by their ancestor.
Captain Whiteside was appointed captain of a
company of spies, in the year 1809, by Governor
Lewis, of Upper Louisiana. He performed ser-
vice as captain for several months, at Fort Mad-
ison, in that year, and has not yet been paid for
it; therefore (us heirs pray relief.]
Mr. STORER made an ineffectual effort to pre-
sent the proceedings of a public meeting held in
Cincinnati, in relation to Texas.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Michael
Rickets; which was read twice and committed.
On motion of Mr. LAY, it was
Retahed, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into tbe expediency of
establishing a mail route from Batavia, in the county of
Genesee, in the Stite of New York, to Pike, in the county
of Alleghany, in said State.
On motion of Mr. STORER, it was
Retolced, That the Committee on ¡(evolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of increasing
the pension hereto!.ire granted to John Hamman, of Ohio,
a revolutionary soldier.
On mouon of Mr. JUDSON, it was
Retolted, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing s mail route from New Haven by East Haven,
North Brewfurd, North Guilford, North Killingworth, and
Essex, to the city of Norwich.
On mouon of Mr. BAILEY, it was
Retolted, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to consider tbe expediency of granting a pen-
sion, or commutation pay, or other suitable compensation,
to the legal representatives of the late Colonel Richard Grid-
ley for his services as an engineer and commander of artil-
lery during tbe revolutionary war.
On moüon of Mr. ROBERTSON, it was
Retolvei, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of making an appro
nruttion for removing sand bars and other obstructions to
i navigation in James river, below the city of Richmond.
{     On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Virginia, H
was
I     Retained, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
I Boadi be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a mail route from Leadville to Westernford, in the
count> ol Randolph, in the Statu ot Virginia
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report made by Mr. Pincknev  fiom the select
committee on the subject of the abolition of sla-
very.
Ihe immediate question pending was the mo-
tion of Mr. Robertson to recommit the report to
the same committee, with instructions to report
a resolution, that Congress possesses no consti-
tutional power to abolish slavery in the District
of Columbia.
Mr. BYNUM, who was entitled to the floor,
spoke at considerable length. He observed, that
it had been said by certain gentlemen that they
were disappointed'in the report; that it was just
such a report as had been anticipated by them.
In reply to that, Mr. B. said that the opposition
to this report was just such identical opposition
as he had anticipated. He was prepared to ex-
pect that the report would not meet the approba-
tion of certain gentlemen in that House, and he
was not at all surprised at this opposition. It
was surprising that gentlemen were prepared, as
by intuition, to condemn a report of immense
length, and that these gentlemen perfectly under-
stood the report without having it printed for ex-
amination. If, however, the statements of gen-
tlemen who had opposed the printing of the report
were to be taken as good for anything, it was the
strongestevidence that the report should be print-
ed for the consideration of that body and of the
nation. It was due to the honorable chairman
of the committee who had made that report, that
it should be printed, because his motives and his
reasons had been denounced on that floor, and
this document should be printed as his defense.
He ought to have it laid before the people, who
were to judge him. It would be an act of injus-
tice of the most crying kind to refuse to print this
document, that gentlemen had a right to be heaid
before that House and before the country.
Mi. B. was not prepared to say that he would
sanction every sentiment and evefy principle laid
down in this report; but he was prepared to say,
that he would look into it, and give it his impar-
tial consideration, and he ftlt himself free to act
after reading it. But the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Robertson] had stated that the report sur-
rendered everything to the Abolitionists. It was
a mistake. Neither the House nor the report,
so far os met his observation, surrendered any-
thin  to the Abolitionists. The very object which
i the Abolitionists contended for had been met by
the House and refused them; yet the gentleman
from Virginia said, that they had surrendered
e vet y thing to the Abolitionists.
Mr. ROBERTSON explained. He had said
that they had surrendered everything which the
Abolitionists expected.
Mr. BYNUM was glad he had misunderstood
the gentleman. He did not, however, know what
the Abolitionists expected, because he was not in
their secrets, and held no conversation with that
description of men. They were at war with the
best interests of the North as w^I as the South;
and he did not know what they expected, except
so far as their petitions went for the abolition of
slaveiy in this District; and that question had
been met by the House, and he thanked God that
it had. Gentlemen had said that they had heard
this report read with deep surprise, because it
did not contain all that the South contended for;
that it was not calculated to allay the excittd feel-
ings of the South. Mr. B. was perfectly aware
that this report would not give peace to the ex-
cited feelings of some gentlemen in the South;
and nothing but a place in a certain House not
far distant from this Capitol would give peace to
certain gentlemen of the South.
It was thought by some gentlemen that there
was nothing southern and nothing patriotic ex-
cept that which came from South Carolina. Mr.
B had not been desirous of entering into a dis-
cussion of this tfuestion; because it was one of
an extremely delicate and sensitive character to
the South. He believed it could not be beneficial
to the South; and as a slaveholder, the half of
whose property consisted in slaves, he entered nis
! protest against it, because, in his humble opinion,
I he considered it as calculated   ">)u" and Pr08*
