476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
take care to provide the most effectual checks. I
He was however, prepared to say that what was
contemplated by this bill would, in effect, be no
check atall; inasmuch as all the officers, the Audi-
tor included, were to be nominated in the first in-
stance by the Postmaster General, to whom they
were all responsible, and it would be absurd to
suppose that any check could be secured under
such a system.            _  _
[A message here arriving from the Senate, the
Speaker resumed the Chair, and the message was |
announced, informing the House that the Senate >
insisted on their amendment to the bill to author-
ize the President of the United States to accept
the services oí volunteers, and had appointed a
committee of conference on their part.
Mr. SPEIGHT hoped the House would, by
general consent, take up and consider the amend-
ment.
Mr. LEWIS moved that the House agree to
the appointment of a committee of conference,
which was agreed to unanimously, and the com-
mittee on the part of the House ordered to con- '
sist of five members.]                                             '
Mr. SMITH said he had found it oftentimes
very difficult, in the short experience he had had,
to rightly comprehend the provisions of any bill
that might be under consideration; and still oftener
most difficult to comprehend the arguments of
gentlemen upon this floor. If he rightly under-
stood the provisions of the bill now before the
committee on the one hand, and rightly under-
stood the arguments of the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Pearce] on the other hand, he could
not possibly conceive the applicability of the one
to the other. The gentleman from Rhode Island
objects to the provision of the bill, on theground
that it makes the proposed new officer, the Audi-
tor, the creature and dependent of the Postmaster
General. And how will he be the creature of the
Postmaster General ? Why, says the gentleman,
he will be designated by the Postmaster General
to the President, and upon such designation he
will be appointed by the President. This, it is
said, will defeat the object desired in the creation
of an Auditor, as it will destroy the check desired
to be secured upon the revenue accounts of the
Department. Now, to me, it appears, from the
little examination I have been able to give the
provisions of the eighth section of this bill, that
the most independent and effectual check will be
secured, and of the very character which the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island seeks. He must have
overlooked one of the most important features of
the bill, relating to the selection and appointment
q&lhe officer proposed.
TThe bill nowhere provides that the Auditor
shall be designated to the President by the Post-
master General. But even if the Postmaster Gen-
eral should be consulted by the President in the
selection of the officer, as it maybe usual to con-
sult other heads of Departments, in the selection
of subordinate officers in those other Departments,
still the bill provides that the appointment shall
be made by the concurrence of the Senate, another
coordinate, yet independent branch of the Gov-
ernment. The language of the eighth section of the
bill is, "that there shall be appointed by the
President, with the consent of the Senate, an Audi-
tor of the Post Office Department, whose duty it
shall be," &c. This, sir, is the most efficient
check upon the selection of this officer, which has
been adopted in relation to the appointment of
the Comptrollers and Auditors of the other De-
partments of the Government; and to me it appears
the most efficient that can be conceived under the
Constitution. It renders the Auditor entirely
independent of the Postmaster General for his
appointment and place, and I think the whole
arrangement of his duties most judiciously and
happily conceived and provided in this bill. He
said, from the examination he had given the bill,
he was unable to discover that the Auditor would
be, in any one important particular, subject tg
the dictation or control, in anyway, of the Post-
master General. It is true that, by the eighth
section, he is to submit certain forms for doing
business relating to the revenue of the Depart-
ment to the Postmaster General, and the latter
has a negative upon their adoption. But in the
selection of the Auditor, and in the execution of
bis duties, he is made above the dictation and
control of the head of the Department, in all
respects. I know not how such an office could
be built up, attached to the Department, in a state
of greater independence. If, then, the point be
established, that such an officer is essential to the
Department, all the checks which are desirable to
be centered in him upon the Department are
secured by the bill.
Upon the other point, sir, which has been sug-
gested, that an auditor already provided by law
can perform all the duties of the proposed officer,
not now having his appropriate quantum of duties
to perform, I am uninformed, and have no opin-
ion. For if there are gentlemen upon this floor,
who are informed upon this point, they can read-
ily offer their amendment to conform the provis-
ions of this bill to such a state of things, and
assign the proposed duties over to the existing
auditor, without throwing any impediment in the
way of passing this bill.                                         !
Mr. HARPER said he would, when in order,
move a further amendment, to strike out " Post-
master General" in the twenty-fourth line, and
insert " Secretary of the Treasury," and to add
the latter words in the nineteenth line. The effect
of this amendment was to make the auditor ac-
countable to both these heads of the two Depart-
ments. With regard to the appointment of clerks,
he held that the head of every Department should
have the appointment of all the clerks and subor-
dinate officers employed therein.
Mr. EVERETT then modified his amendment,
so as to make it read " a Sixth Auditor of the
Treasury for the Post Office Department."
Mr. MANN, of New York, believed there
would be no objection to the amendment so mod-
ified.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, again opposed
the amendment. He wished the Department to
have an auditor, but there was no occasion for
creating a new office for the purpose. He wax
convinced that the duties of the Fifth Auditor
might be doubled, and the work could and would
be easily done.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to amend the amendment
by striking out the word " sixth;" which was lost.
j     The first part of the amendment of Mr. Ev-
i erett was then agreed to; and Mr. E. withdrew
the other for the present.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved that
hereafter the Fifth Auditor of the Treasury
should be called the Auditor of the Post Office
Department; that he should perform the duties
thereof; and that the duties now performed by
him should be transferred to the offices of the
i First and Second Auditors.
The Chair decided this amendment to be out
of, order, as the one of the gentleman from Ver-
mont had been agreed to.
Mr. McKENNAN then moved a reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the former had been
adopted; which was agreed to; and Mr. JOHN-
¡ SON then made his motion.
The amendment was advocated by Messrs.
JOHNSON of Tennessee, MERCER, HAR-
PER , and McKENNA N; and opposed by Messrs.
ADAMS, MANN of New York, and CONNOR.
Mr. JOHNSON inquired of the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office, what increase
of expenditure was involved in the provisions
of this bill?
Mr. CONNOR replied, a very trifling one.
The  only additional  officers proposed  were a
i Third Assistant Postmaster General, and an Au-
ditor, whose salaries would be whatever Con-
I gress might think fit to appropriate therefor.
'     Mr. JOHNSON had gone through the bill; and,
! unless he was mistaken, it involved an annual
augmentation of expenditure to the amount of
about $70,000.
Mr. CONNOR replied that the whole amouut.
would be probably $6,000 a year, viz: $3,000 each
to the Assistant Postmaster General and the
Auditor.
Mr. MANN, of New York, could assure the
gentleman, that the only additions made to the
bill were those indicated by the honorable chair-
man, [Mr. Conncr.]
After a few further remarks from Mr. JOHN-
SON, Mr. MANN, and Mr. CONNOR, the
amendment was rejected, and the amendment of
Mr. Everett was, as before, agreed to.
Mr. GILLET moved to strike out that part of
the proviso of the 8th section, giving the Post-
master General, or any perron whose account
shall be settled, and who shall be dissatisfied
therewith, the power to appeal to the Comptroller
of the Treasury within six months, whose de-
cision shall be final and conclusive. Mr. G. stated
that his object was, that every account should go
before the Comptroller without the form of an
appeal, which would be embarrassed by rules.
He thought the provision unnecessary, and being
limited to six months, might be very prejudicial
to persons at a distance. Mr. G. also moved to
insert an amendment to leave the whole matter to
the Comptroller.
Mr. MANN, of New York, remarked that the
amendment of his colleague, if adopted, would
require a new office and twenty additional clerks.
The amendment was then rejected.
Mr. HARPER then moved the first branch of
the amendment of which he had given notice
above, and after a few remarks from Mr. HAR-
PER and Mr. ADAMS, it was rejected.
The second branch of Mr. Harper's amend-
ment, being substantially the same as the second
part of the .amendment which Mr. Everett had
moved, was agreed to.
Sections from nine to eighteen inclusive, were
severally agreed to with some immaterial amend-
ments.
Mr. EVERETT moved to amend the nineteenth
section so as to give the appointment of all the
Assistant Postmasters General to the President
of the United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, instead of, as under the
bill, to the Postmaster General.
Mr. HALL, of Vermont, opposed the amend-
ment, because he thought the appointment of the
subordinate officers should be left to the heads of
the Department in all cases.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, saw no reason
for appointing an additional Postmaster General
at all.
Mr. CONNOR concurred with the amendment,
and stated that it was an oversight on his part
that the provision was not pursuant to the amend-
ment in the bill.
Mr. EVERETT withdrew the amendment, in-
timating that he should renew it in the House.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to strike out that part
of the clause appointing an additional Postmaster
General; which was lost.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to strike out so
much of the twenty-second section as authorized
the Postmaster General to make extra allowances
in certain cases; which was lost.
Mr. EVERETT moved to amend the twenty-
third section of the bill, by adding a provisional
clause, that the contracts in all cases should be
awarded to the lowest bidder.
Mr. CONNOR said the effect of the amend-
ment would be productive, in many instances, of
great inconvenience, in consequence of the mode
of " straw-bidding," some of the effects of which
he described. Nominal, or straw-bids,, were not
unfrequently put in, for a motive well understood;
and if the Postmaster General was compelled to
take the lowest bids in all cases, an important
route might- be without a mail for eighty orninety
days.
Mr. EVERETT replied that the twenty-fifth
section provided that the bidder should accom-
Eany his proposal by a written guarantee signed
y one or more responsible persons.
Mr. MANN, of New York, saw no objection
to the amendment providing that the guarantee
should be signed by one or two postmasters.
The amendment was advocated by Messrs.
BRIGGS, THOMPSON of South Carolina,
HA WES, and ASHLEY; and opposed by
Mesrss. LANE, HOWARD, HUNTSMAN,
and BOON; and was then agreed to.
Mr. EVERETT moved to amend the twenty-
fifth section, by causing the bidder to give a
guarantee of "two postmasters," instead of one
or more responsible persons; which was greed to.
Mr. E. moved to strike out the twenty-sixth
section, which was as follows:
Sec. 26. Jtnd be it further enacted, That no contract for
the transportation of the mail shall knowingly he made by
the Postmaster General, with any person who shall have
entered into any combination, or proposed to enter into
