1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
raised in this way. This gentleman was most
decidedly m favor of a volunteer force in thecon-
sutuiional way. He said further, that if offi-
certd by the States, a truned foice of twenty
thousvul men could bo srot in a vt ry short time,
without tue least difficulty. Mr. C "believed that
if'he bill passed in us present form, there would
be a multitude of officers, without men to be com-
manded and that if it parsed in the form recom-
mended bv the Senator from Pennsylvania, there
would be neither men nor officers, and this Creek
war would have to be ended without this volun-
teer force He hoped that it would soon pass
off; indeed, he had just been informed that it was
not likely to prove as serious as had at first been
apprehended. He believed that a volunteer mil-
itia force would be as efficient as the force pro-
posed by the Senator from Alabama. Why
should not a volunteer militia force, the officers
bavin: commissions in their pockets signed by
Governor Clay, of Alabama,Governor Lynch, of
Mississippi, or Governor Cannon, of Tennessee,
be as efficient as if their commissions were signed
by Andrew Jackson '
With respect to himself he was not ambitious
of servin? on this committee of conference,
neither bad he any objections to doing so. He
held himself at the disposal of the Senate, and
was content to serve or not to serve, as it pleased.
Mr. PRESTC  desired to state the history of
the bill, which was a proposition to raise ten
thousand volunteers; and the fourth section pro-
vided the manner in which they should form
themselves into battalions, regiments, brigades,
and divisions, out of which had arisen the diffi-
culty in relation to the officering of them.
It was yielded that they were not the militia,
and, as his colleague had correctly stated, they
turned out to be somewhere between the militia
and regulars. In forming a battalion or regiment,
tf one company belonged to one State, and the
other companies necessary to form it belonged to
another State, how were the commanding officers
of such battalion or regiment to be chosen' If
chosen by the States, which State should have
the appointment of them5  .
Here was a difficulty that presented itself in
regard to appointments by States, to obviate
which it was necessary that something should be
done; and in the discussion in the Senate, they
decided that the volunteers should not be officered
by the States, and the bill was accordingly re-
committed to the committee with instructions;
and in obedience to the instructions given by the
Senate, the committee reported the bill. The
constitutional question which had been raised m
regard to the power of appointment by the Pres-
ident vanished the moment it was decided that
the volunteers were not militia. He cited the act
of July, 1812, asa precedent for this bill. But
his colleague had drawn a distinction between
that act and this bdl, and spoke of a force lying
inert and scattered over the country, and not un-
der the control of the States, but subject to the
call of the President. With all proper deference
to the opinion of his colleague, he thought he had |
not construed this act correctly. By the act of
6th February, 1812, the President was author-
ized to receive fifty thousand volunteers, in com-
panies, battalions, regiments, and divisions, who
•were liable to be called into service by the terms
of that act, within two years from the time the
President accepted their service. And where, he
asked, were these battalions and divisions during
this time> They were lying inert, and scattered
over the country, organised and officered for the
service of the country whenever the President
called them into service, and in the mean time
were not subject to militia duty. And so it was
in the other case; they could be inert for two
years, from a corporal up. The enrollment was
not to t ke place after they were brought into
actual servio , but when orgamzoé to tender their
service .
Although the President might issue commis-
sions, hp did not do it until they were enrolled
for actual service, and subject to the articles of
war. He was authonzed to form them into bat-
talions, rrgimrnts, brigades, and divisions. Mr.
P. cittd tiv- 1 inguage of the act, to show that they
belonged to and were entitled to the privileges of
the mass of the people until called into actual
service. A portion of that organization must neces-
sarily, he said, be by the appointment of officers I
Taking it for granted that tins species of force
was desirable, the committee were not willing, on
the grounds of expediency, to endow it with all
the constitutional powers* of the militia. From
1807 to 1814, this species of force was frequently
appealed to in our difficulties with Great Britain.
The act of the 3d July, 1812, passed about a week
before the other act referred to; the old Republi-
can party, who voted for the war, voting for it,
and the Federal party, who voted against all the
war measures, of course voting against it. In the
ordinary course of militia organization, the com-
panies, battalions, regiments, brigades, and di-
visions, were all officered complete under the laws
of the States, and in his State (South Carolina)
they had recently taken some pains in their or-
ganization. But who was to command this
force > Could the Governor call out one of these
brigadiers to take command of aforce raised partly
out of his brigade and partly ou t of other brigades>
He could not do it: and without calling on the
State Legislatures their system could not be al-
tered. For one, he would make no invidious dis-
tinction between a commission signed by George
McDuffie and one signed by Andrew Jackson.
But if eighty or one hundred men went beyond
the boundary of the States, he would prefer their
officer being appointed by the President.
Mr. BUCHANAN could not now but hope,
after having heard the observations of the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] that a com-
mittee of conference might yet agree upon some
compromise which would be acceptable to both
Houses. He now believed, from what he had
just heard from several members of the other
House, that another committee ought to be ap-
pointed.
The Senator from South Carolina had not, he
believed, denied any of the positions which he
had stated.    They did not materially differ as to
their constitutional views on this subject.    His
(Mr. B.'s) positions were these: thatany number
of individuals within the States might associate
together, either in companies, battalions, or divis-
ions, for the purpose of entering the Army of
the United States for six or for twelve months,
upon any contingency which might render their
services necessary; that these associations, would
be voluntary and not compulsory, and would be
held together by no tie but that sense of honor
which binds a man to enter the service of his
country, after he has declared, in the presence of
the world, that such was his determination; and
that these volunteers, after having arrived at the
place of rendezvous, and after having been mus-
tered into service, but not before, became a part
of the regular Army of the United States; and the
President could then, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, appoint their officers.   At
one period of the conference he had believed that
the committee would arrive at these conclusions.
One of the objections of the Senator from South
I Carolina was, that the  appointment of the cap-
tain  of companies and other inferior officers
ought, like that of the superior officers, to be sub-
mitted to the Senate.    Mr  B. had been perfectly
willing, and was still willing, to adopt this modi-
fication.    He could not, however, agree, nor did
he understand the gentleman now to insist upon
it, that these offices could not be filled without
the previous advice of the Senate.    Such a pro-
vision would render the law perfectly nugatory
We might not, and probably would not, be in
session when these appointments must be made
The same necessity which the gentleman alleges
to have existed dunn? the late war, for authoriz-
ing the President to make appointments during
the recess of the Senate, will exist in regard to
the appointments  to be made under this act.
Besides, whatever might be our opinion in regard
i   to the power of the Piesident, if the question
,  were now for the first time submitted to us, Con-
gress  have  so often authorized  him to  make
appointments during the recess, to be submitted
to the Senate at its next session, that this con-
stitutional question must be considered as set-
tled
As to the act of 1812, which had just been cited
by the other Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Presto*,] he thought it went too far. He would
not say that it was unconstitutional, because he
had not examined the subject sufficiently to ex-
press a positive opinion. This he would say,
hrfwever, that it did authorize the existence of a
dormant military force within the several States,
commanded by officers appointed by the Presi-
dent of the United States, and liable to be called
into service at any moment he might think
proper. The individuals composing this force
were exempted fiom militia duty within the
States. Upon the principles contained in this act,
the militia of the several States might be sub-
verted, and a national militia, under the command
of national officers, might be substituted in its
stead. This would certainly be at war with the
spirit of the Constitution, which reserves to the
States respectively the appointment of the officers
of the militia, and the authonty ot training them
according to the discipline prescribed by Con-
gress. The militia emphatically belongs to the
States, and not to the General Government; and
it might be very dangerous for the States to sur-
render their control over this force, into the hands
of Congress.
Under the act cited by the gentleman, a portion
of the militia was taken fiom the control of the
States, and relieved  from  the performance  of
militia duty, whilst they remained in the heart
of the country, mixed up with the other citizens.
This did seem to him to interfere with the power
of the States  over their militia, contrary to the
provisions of the Constitution.   But these objec-
tions did not apply to the bill before them, nor
to the amendment he had suggested.    They had
drawn a broad line of separation between the
force to be raised and the militia of the States
What they proposed was, that these volunteers
should associate themselves together for the pur-
pose of offering their services to their country;
and that, when they arrived at their places of
rendezvous, they should enroll themselves, and
be mustered into service as a pait of the regular
army; but, until then, that they should remain
as  they were—citizens of the   several  States,
liable to the performance of the militia duty of
the States.    With these views, he was confident
that a new committee of conference might come
to such an agreement as would be acceptable to
both Houses; and he therefore hoped that one
would be appointed.    He was almost ashamed
to say that he had never acquainted himself suf-
ficiently with the rules which governed the pro-
ceedings of a committee  of conference.     His
common sense, however, had taught him that it
was  the  duty of such a committee to confine
itself to the point of disagreement between the
two Houses; but he had been informed by gen-
tlemen of great experience that the whole subject
of the bill was open to them.    Acting upon this
principle, they had got into a general discussion
as to the relative value of volunteer and regular,
as well as the common militia forces.    He be-
lieved now that a committee of conference might
do some good; and that, by steering clear of the
constitutional scruples of gentlemen, they might
agree on some amendments that would render
the bill  acceptable  to both Houses;  and thus
enable them speedily to adopt a measure so ur-
gently demanded for the protection of the suffer-
ing inhabitants of the frontiers.
Mr. B. said, as he should not be a member of
the new committee of conference„he would read
the amendment which had been so much dis-
cussed in the old committee:
Be i' enacted, That the said volunteers shall form them-
selvi s into companies, and designate their company offl
cers, n ho, ¡fhe approve of such designations, shall be eom
missioned by the President, after they shall have  been
mu-torcd into service, and that the President be, and
hereby is, authorized to organize the volunteers so mus-
tered into the service as aforesaid, into battalions, squid
rons. regim'tiM, brigades, and divisions, as soon as the
number of volunteers shall render such organization, in his
u l'-ment, expedient, and shatl then appoint the necessary
officers, which appointment shall be submitted to the Sen
ate at its next session.
Mr LEIGH said the bill, as it came from the
other House, provided that the President be
authorize 1 to accept the service of ten thousand
volunteers; and the committee, finding no pio-
vision for appointing field or ff ff-°%e''s,I|P1"°'
vided that the President should appoint tlitm.
In most of the States there were corps of men
called volunteers; and what struck him was, that
