1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
mert, tht question was taken, and it was adopted
bv   1 - >V'ovvmg vote
N. Í v^ — >!«r «r«   Benton   Brown, Buchanan, Cuthhcrt
F  . I i Ufii i U Hill Hiihb.ud kiimoi Mabaina
Iti M >rn \i - Pr-  ion U ibui-on liuigit-, ~hcplt\,
1\    ii.     Wik.r   Will  and Wrislit— 1
N \\ —M ^*r- I 11\ tv t i houn, Da\i<, Fvwiisot Ohio,
H i >v kin;oi (. wji i M inznin Naudun NieholOs
Ii'j    i   "•«   t   1 uniuwiii  and V\ nut—l.t
Mr liFMON then moved to fill the blank
 . a «>7j,0)>, «.> as to makt (lit appropriation
t<>r Ptiiooscot tor two vears $75,000 for each
v ar \ilmh, «-"ter «some remarks from Mr
rucios, who thought the sum too Urge, was
a~ e  u -o
Mr PRESTON then moved to strike out the
ar> nop-i-ition oi $100,000 for fortifications at
Kt nitoec ruer, these be ing one of the places for
w tilth tuere were no estimates or surveys
\t tr iini' remarks in support of the motion
f Mil Messrs CaLHOUN and PRESTON, and
from Mr BENTO\, in opposition to it, the
question was deuded in the negative—yets T,
iuvs J3   as follows
\t\^—Mes>«r; Calhoun EwingofOhio KingofGeor
gia   M i isuni   Presión  Robbin  and VV Inte—T
N V\-< \lt~-rs Bemon lirunn Buchanan Cuthbert,
Djii Lwui'C ll'iims Grtindv, Hendricks, H II Hub
b< I kn; >i Ylabaim Lmn. Morris, \icholas Robin~)n,
Rustle-, a ieple\ i allmadge, \\ alker Wall, and V\ right-
Mr BENTON moved further to amend the bill
bv striking out the appropriation of $100,000 fir
fort.Dtations at Kennebec river, and inserting
$100,000 for the same object for the year 1836,
and $J00,0UU tor the year 1S37.
Mr PRESTON moved that the Senate adjourn,
which wis lost—ayes 12, noes 13
Mr WALL moved lo amend the amendment,
so as to make it read $100,000 per annum for two
years, which motion was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment as amended, and it was adopted—yeas 19,
na\s9, as follows-
V. F \s—Me««is. Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Grund), Hill, Huhbatd, King ot Alabama, Linn, Morris,
Nicholas Nile* Rob«n on, Rnggles, Sheple), Tallmadge,
Walker Wall  and Wnsht—19
\EV—Messrs   Calhoun  Davis Ewing of Ohio, Hen
jrick-,  King of Georgia, Mangum, Preston, Webster, and
W me—9
Mr BENTON moved further to amend, by
itnking out the appropriations for fortifications
at Por land, and inserting for the same ob|ect
$75,000 p r annum for two years, which motion
was carried in the affirmative—yeas 20, nays 8,
as follows-
YE \S—Messrs Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cu'hbcrt,
Gruuih. Ili.l Hubbard, Kin  of alabama, I.inn, Morrn,
Ni-'ijU, Vi'Cs, Pre ton, Robinson, Ruggles, Shcplej,
Ta  madge  Walker  U all, a id Wright—20
N vV. ¡-—Messrs Calhoun, Dm,, Ewing of Ohio, Hen
dries    King of Georgia, Mangiun, Webster, and W lute—
e
Mr PRESTON moved that the Senate adjourn;
w! ica was lost—ayts 11, noes 15.
Mr P then moved to strike out the appropri-
ations tor fortifications at Portsmouth-, which
mn'ion was lost without a division
Mr BENTON moved further to amend the
bi", bv mining in lieu of the appropriations for
foi tificntions at Portsmouth, "tor fortifications
at Portsmouth, §150,000 annually for two years "
On taking this question it was found that there
was not a quorum voting.
T'ie following is the vote:
YE*S—Messrs Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Gnu ¡i Hill, Hubbard, King of Alabama, Linn, Nicholas,
\        Uol> nson, Rubles, Shepley, Tallmadge, Walker,
W ill in 1 Wright—1"
\ \\ S—Mi«(s Black, Hendricks,and White—3
Mr DAVIS moved that the Senate adjourn,
which was lost—ayes 8, noes 13.
Tiitie still being no quorum,
On motion 9t Mr GRUNDY, the Senate ad-
journed______________________
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Satuhday, May 21, 1836.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report made by Mr. Pivcknet, from the select
committee on the subject of the abolition of sla-
very
The immediate question pending was the mo-
tion of Mi. Robertsox to recommit the report to
the same committee, with instructions to report
a resolution that Congress possesses no consti-
tutional power to abolish slavery in the District
of Columbia
Mr ROBERTSON, who was entitled to the
floor, \ddressed the House at i onsiderable length
in «support of his motion to recommit the report
with instructions
I avail myself of the permission of the Chair,
t^saul Mr. R ,> to tnter into a somewhat fuller
exposition and vindication of the íesolution I had
the honor to submit a few days past, than I then
had an oppoi tunity of doin<*. This is due to
myself, to those who sent me heie, but above all
to the solemn importance of the question, and the
vast magnitude ot the interests ninvolves I shall
endeavor, sir, to peiform this task—for which,
howevei, I nin conscious of possessing no ade-
quate pow ei s, either physical or mental—as calm-
1) and dispassionati ty as the nature of the subiect
will peimit, and to abstain, if possible, from
those exciting topics bv which its discussion has
been almost i nariablv ch-uactenzed
I have alrtady assij-ncd some reasons for dis-
satisfaction with tht repoit of the select commit-
tee, and for the opinion expressed, tiiat it would
be considered as virtually suirendering the con-
stitutional question If it could hive been met
satisfactorily to the ¡south, no sufficient excuse
can be offered for waiving; it-, and all will believe
it was avoided, because of the difficulty of making
good the position foi which we contend The
chaiimm tells us, as an apology for taking this
course, that the committee abstaimd from exam-
ining it, "because they ueie no/ tnsttucted to discuss
it " Sir, the instructions, so fir from prohibit-
ing this discussion, plainly authouzed and re-
quired it The\ enjoined it upon the committee
to report that, "in the opinion of this House,
Congress ou^ht not to intoiTeic, in any way, with
slavery in the District of Columbia, because it
would be a violation of the public faith, unwise,
impolitic, and dangerous to the Union, assigning
sitch reasons for the?e conclusions, as in the judg-
ment of the committee may be best calculated to
enlighten the public mind, to allay excitement, to
repress agitation, to secure and maintain the just
rights of the slavelwldmg States and of the people of
this District, and to íestore harmony and tran-
quillity among the v ai íous sections of tilia Union."
Thus it appears that full latitude was allowed the
committee, in supporting the conclusions which
the House derired to see maintained, and what
stronger íeason could they have assigned, than
that'he proposed interference with slavei y in this
Distnct would be a direct infraction ot the Con-
stitution ' This reason alone would have been
sufficient It embraced all the positions the House
had taken, for if the measuie could be shown to
be unconstitutional, it must of necessity be abteach
offail'i, unwise, impolitic, and dangerous Sir, the
committee were not justified in omitting to mtei-
pose this constitutional barner in defense of our
rights, if it was in their power todo so, and thtir
failure to occupy the strongest of all positions
will be regarded as a concession of their want of
ability to maintain it.
Independently of his instructions, the chairman
of the committee, especially, stood bound to dem-
onstrate the unconstitutionality of the proposed
interference. In a letter to which his name is
affixed, addressed to the electors of the Charleston
electonal district, (South Carolina,) he uses this
language:
" And now I ask my fellow citizens seriously to consider,
and candidly to decide, whether, as I have already succeeded
in obtaining a solemn declaration by Congress, that ' any
interference with slavery in the District ol Columbia would
be a violation of the public faith,'if I should al-o succeed
in procuring the adoption of a report, insisting a id demon
ttratinethat a violattonof'the fntlhc faith is unconstitutional,
and thai therefore, and upon that ground, Congress will not,
and ought not to interfere with slivcryin the District of
Columbia,—whether, dom° this, I really deserve to be stig
matized as a traitor to the South '"
Sir, I will aoply no such epithet to the chair-
man of the committee, whether he succeed oi fail.
But is he likely to realize the expectations he has
raised ' Does not the report declare that the com-
mittee have abstained even from the examination
of the constitutional question ' It is true, that in
another part of the report, the giound indicated
in this letter is approached.    Even there, how-
ever, it is not directly occupied. It is not alleged,
nor demonstrated, that a breach of faith isuncon-
stilutwnal, but that, to prove the act in question
a breach of faith, is (antamount, in its binding
obligation to the Government, to a positive decla-
ration that it would be so. The moial obligation
does not necessarily import a constitutional obli-
gation, but is something of equivalent foice. Not
satisfied, however, with this position, the report
goes on to insist that the moral obligation is even
more efficacious
" What is the meaning of the declaration adopted hv the
House in relation to tht District ol Columbia > K it not
that Congress cannot and will not do an act which it hoa
solemnly proclaimed to involve a violation ol the public
faith' Does it not afford ev er> ^ecuntv to the South v\ inch
it is in the poner of tin federal Government to afford ' Is
it not tantamount m its bindm obligation upon the Govern-
ment to a positive declaration, that the abolition of slaverv
in the Dibtnet of Columbia would be unconstitutional'
¡Vaj is it not even mojeefficacious in point of latt' Con
stitutionil provisions aie matters ol construction The
opinion ot one House upon an abstract controverted point
may be overruled and reversed hv another But when Con
gre^s In-, onto declared tint a particulir act would be a
violitinn of the public faith, is it to be supposed that it
would ever violate a pledge thus given to the countrj ?"
The whole stress of the argument is to prove,
not that to violate the pledge would violate the
Constitution, as the letter pioposes, but that such
a pledge gives a security equal, or even supenor,
to the Constitution itself But does not every
man see that this argument is unsound and fal-
lacious ' I confess I was surpused to heai it ad-
dressed, at this time of day, to the representatives
of the American people, by a gentleman, too,
coming from the South.
What folly was it in our ancestors, if this be
so, to spend days and months in anxious delib-
eration framing written constitutions for each of
the States, and for the Union, containing guarded
limitations against abuses of povvei ' why did
they not discover the supciioi efficacy of this moral
obligation, which prohibits every act that violates
good faith between man and man, and íeposes the
lights of their countrymen upon the good faith,
the good sense, and the justice of those who were
to administer then Government' If, as the report
declares, a succeeding Congiess may reverse the
opinion of a prior one in reference to the con-
struction of a wutten constitution, may they not
alscyionti overt an opinion in respect to the exist-
ence or efficacy of a moial obligation ' Must
there not exist even greater contrariety of opinion
upon questions of moral propriety than of legal
construction'                                                               *
Sir, if the chairman of the committee could
have placed the rights of the District upon the
ground of the Constitution, he has neglected to
place them upon the only ground on which they
can long or successfully be defended. I cannot
agree that notions, of moial obligation merely,
aie higher security than the positive injunctions
of oui fundamental law. Give us the Constitu-
tion as our defense, 1 want no higher security.
We had a right to expect this fiom him. It has
been affii mod on this flooi by one of my colleagues,
[Mr Wise,] that the chairman gave an explicit
pledge that the question should be placed upon
that ground. I have heard no denial of this state-
ment. But the gentleman, I observe, is not now
in his seat, and I forbear, theiefoie, to make any
further remark upon that sub]ect Perhaps he
will insist that he has redeemed his promise, that
he has convinced, or will convince, the House,
that every violation of good faith is a breach of
the Constitution. I fear he will find himself mis-
taken, but if not—if he shall succeed in producing
this conviction, then the House, I trust, as well
as himself, will concur in suppoiting the íesolu-
tion now under consideration. If the majonty
shall be of opinion that the measure is unconsti-
tutional, and will unite in saying so, it is imma-
terial by what com se of reasoning each may arrive
at that conclusion Let us declare the opinion
that it is a violation of the Constitution, and each
reconcile his vote to his constituents, or his own
conscience, upon whatever grounds hisjudgment
may best appiove It is to the Constitution, Mr.
Speaker, that those whom I have the honor to
represent—nay, sir, the entire State itself from
winch I come, acting through her immediate rep-
I resentatives, have appealed for protection.
At the late session of the General Assembly,
