484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
the House of Delegates adopted, by a vote of
one hundred and six to thirteen, a resolution upon
this subject, of winch that now under consider-
ation is an exact copv. It was offered, permit me
to sav, not bv one of those whose patriotism might
be questioned on the eround of opposition to the
ruling powers, but by one of the orthodox faith—
by a staunch friend of the Administration. The
A'dmimstralion majority in that House almost
unanimously, perhaps without an exception, sus-
tained it. Nor does Virginia alone assume this
position: the Legislatures of Georgia, Mississippi,
am? Louisiana, if I have not been misinformed,
have adopted similar resolutions-, one of them,
perhaps, going still further, and threatening to ,
secede from the Union, if any measure should be
adopted endangering the security of the slave-
holding States. I do not advert to these threats
as approving them: they ought, perhaps, never
to be made. It will be time enough to talk of
that when the crisis shall arrive, if it ever should,
when no other alternative is left us but to sever
the Union, or surrender the rights it was intended
to protect. But such language shows what ought
to be known, the danger to result from counte-
nancing, in any way, the schemes of the Aboli-
tionists.
The States of South Carolina and Alabama,
also, it is said, have denounced the measure in
question as a usurpation. This is precisely equiv-
alent, all will admit, to a declaration that it is un-
constitutional. Thus six southern States have
concurred in pronouncing the contemplated inter-
ference an infraction of the Constitution. With
this fact before us, who will condemn the Repre-
sentatives on this floor for speaking their voice,
and maintaining their rights on the very basis on
which they themselves have placed them ?
But,  say gentlemen, where is the policy of
assuming this position?   There is an overwhelm-
ing majority against you.    The gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Pinckney] asks why occupy
this ground with a moral certainty of being driven
from it?   Sir, the same rules that should govern
us  in  our private  transactions  should  govern
us in our representative character.    In both hon-
esty is the best policy.   This may not be the
politician's creed: and if not, I thank God I am
no politician.   The gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. By\*um] can see no reason for pressing
this proposition, unless it is that the party with
■which he supposes me to act are more accustomed
to defeats than he is.    Sir, it may be so.    I vote
for every measure which I consider constitutional
and beneficial to my country; otherwise I vote
against it, and never stop to inquire whether the
Administration party, or the Opposition, vote with
me or against me.    The idea of being in a mi-
nority has for me no terrors.    We may.be de-
feated by this overwhelming majority, but in
contending against it I will say, the fewer our ,i
numbers the greater the honor of the struggle.     j
In vindicating the claims of the South, on the I
very grounds it has assumed, I trust her Repre- (
sentatives will be united.    In an early period of |
the discussions on this subject, this was the view,
as I understood it, of almost the whole southern '
delegation: especially of that of my own State. ]
My colleagues, three of whom now sit near me, ,
were, for the most part, decidedly of opinion that '
we should insist upon a direct and unequivocal |
vote—a disclaimer of the power to do what the
Abolitionists demanded.   In a speech delivered
by one  of them,   [Mr. Garland.] much com-
mended in the loyal prints of the day—and I do
not mean to question its merits—I find this pas-
sage:
" But, say gentlemen, why press the constitutional ques- ,
tion now ? I reply, wo press it from the most urgent and
imperious necessity. It is due to our safety, to our quiet,
that we press it. Every other form 1:1 winch this question
has been_ presented has failed to secure us against the rep-
etition of these memorials and petitions. Nothing, it seems,
short of a declaration on the part of Congress of their want
of constitutional power, will restrain these fanatical crusa-
ders from seeking the intervention of Congress in aid of
their diabolical schemes, and perpetually"harassm<r the
country."
Mr. GARLAND rose and said, he not only
had taken the ground as stated by his colleague,
but desired distinctly to repeat that he still ad-
hered to it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I did not suspect my col-
league of any intention to abandon it; nor will I
believe there is one of them who has maintained
it, that can be seduced or driven from it.   There
is yet a gallant band prepared to meet all the con- ¡
sequences it may involve—to make a voluntary .
sacrifice, if necessary, of political prospects, of
life itself, sooner than shrink from what they j
consider their duty to their country and its Con- ,
stitution.    They are assigned to defend the pass
which may lead to its destruction. In defending it,
hopeless as it may seem, they may maintain it,
or, should they fail, may yet afford time for those
they would protect to prepare for a better defense.
We are stationed on the ramparts of the Consti-
tution.    Shall we be induced to march out of our
stronghold and meet the enemy in the open field ?
Sir, if the commander-in-chief, on a memorable
occasion, had committed this folly, and deserted
his intrenchments, we should never have heard
of the glorious victory of New Orleans. No,
sir; never let us give up the stronghold of the
Constitution. Let us not repose too much confi-
dence in the good faith or the justice of those who
have power over our lives or our liberties. Those
who trust too much to the mercy of men in power, 11
may probably realize the fate of the unfortunate j |
Texans who fell at Goliad. They may surren- |
der at discretion, and be destroyed in detail—mur-
dered by divisions. For myself, if I stood alone,
never but with life would I yield up the citadel of
our rights. If the day shall come when it must
fall, I am content to perish with it.
Mr. R. gave way, without concluding, to a call
for the orders of the day.
FLORIDA WAR.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Florida, and
by general consent, the House went into com-
mittee (Mr. Phillips in the chair) on the bill to
provide for the payment of expenses incurred,
and supplies furnished^ on account of the militia
received into the service of the United States for
the defensa of Florida. The bill was read as
follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United State? of America m Congress assembled,
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, directed
to cause to be paid the expenses that have been incurred,
and the supplies that have been furnished, in the States of
South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana, and the
Territory of Flouda, on account of the militia receivedinto
the service of the United States for the defense of Florida:
Provided, That the accounts of these claims shall be ex-
amined and audited at the Treasury, as in other cases.
Mr. WHITE moved to amend the bill by in-
cluding in its provisions the militia first called
into service by Generals Clinch and Hernandez.
This amendment (said Mr. W.) was rendered
necessary by a very rigorous technical construc-
tion of the first section of an act providing for the
payment of the militia who has been in service.
He did not consider that the amendment was ne-
cessary, because it was before provided for—
other and higher authority has thought further
legislation is necessary. We must yield to it.
The gallant men who has been in service, for
whom this provision is intended, did not want
for orders from the War Department. They
rushed to the field upon a call from General
Clinch upon the brigadier general of the militia
of East Florida; which order is as follows:
St. AugustjVE, December 1, 133j.
General: Since writins to you last evening another
express has arrived from Fort Kin?, bringing me such m-
foimation as to compel me to change my plan of operations,
and it will not be in mv power to give jour section of
country that protection that I wished and intended. You
must, therefore, rally the pallan t spirits on the east of
the St. John's, and endeavor to protect yourselves. I will
use my best effort? to keep the homle party sufficiently
amused to prevent theni trom.pajina many vi-its.
I will thank jou to apprise the Spring Gaiden settle-
ments and the settlements south ofyuu, as earlv a  possible,
to be on the alert.
In much haste, I remain, General, yours with hiü'i respect,
D-. L. CLIN'CH,
Brevet Brigadier General United States Armti commanding.
S. Hill Williams, A. D.C.
Gen. J. M Hernandez, Tomdoha.
Mr. W. read, in^ the course of his remarks, a
number of letters showing the distressed situa-
tion of the frontier.
The following were among the letters read by
the delegate from Florida:
Extract from a letter dated
" Jacksonville, April 98, 1836.
"My Dear Sir: Judge Smith last week informed me
that some doubts existed in his mind that the act passed
was not full enough to insure us our pay, and that he had
told General Hernandez to write you immediately on the
subicct. I)o have an amendatory act passed, as our people
will be woise ruined by the United States' refusal to pay
than many have been by Osceola.
'•Scott has done us great injustice and injuiy; he has
marched to Tampa and back again, without effecting any
one object; and during his abandonment of the settlements
the Indians have made an attack on Fort Drano and carried
oft several horses, and to day I am informed that Mr.
Mcintosh's sugar house ha  been burned.
"There is no alternative now left for the United States,
unless they intend to abandon East Florida to Oceola, but
to call on the East Florida militia again ; and without pay
for what has been done, I doubt much whether our regiment
could be induced to furnish a sergeant's guaid.
"Men cannot leave their families without something to
eat. As to the resolution of yours for the deln ery of íations,
it is a complete nonentity."
Extract of a letter from St. Augustine, dated
"May 1,1836.
" General Hernandez and Mr. Douglass had an interview
with General Scott to day, and he informed them that he
was going to give up all operations till December next.
" When these gentlemen asked him about the protection
of the inhabitants in the country during the summer, I un-
derstood them to say that his answer was very unsatisfac-
tory. He told them, however, that many of the planters
would necessarily have to abandon their plantations and
crops: this is what I have apprehended. It appears that he
does not care about the destruction of property, and the
sufferings of the inhabitants, or how long he delays the
war. All this is nothing to him. You see how it is : we
are all to be sacrificed, and the country depopulated, for the
want of a little exertion. Something must be done at
Washington, or nothing will be done in Florida."'
Extract from a letter dated
" St. AtiGDSTtNE, May 1.1835.
" Dear Sir : Several planters had armed their negroes,
and returned to their plantations, in hopes that they might
yet be able to make a crop this year; but they will now be
obliged to abandon thein again,and seek for some place of
safety. I have just ordered my overseer to remove mine
to this place, and it is believed some will leave the country
altogether. I think you ought to see the Secretary of War,
or the President himself, and urge the piopricty of there
being a mounted force raised from among the inhabitants
of the country, to scour the same during the summer
months, otherwise our roads will be intercepted by the In-
dians, and all intercourse with the intenor be stopped."
I                         Extracts from a letter dated
j                           " Fort George, Florida, May 8, 1836. "
"I wrote you from St. Augustine, 6th instant, advising
of our dismal prospects of safety, owing to the retreat of
the army under General Scott, and his want, either of good-
will or means, of protecting us."
" Clinch they all speak highly of, and regret that he was
ever superseded."
" I never saw so dreadful a prospect of annihilation to
East Florida. A great proportion of the slaves, the only
productive property we have, are already carried off by the
Indians. A great proportion of those which have escaped
are carried off and sold out of the Territory. Another
portion are now about being sold in Augustine to the slave-
dealers from the West, who are hoveung round like vultures
1 after a favorite prey. Alachua is about being bioken up;
and except, perhaps, a couple of hundred on the sea islands
about the mouth of the St. John's, I can see no available
1 labor in East Florida for this year."
Extract of a letter from
"Tallahassee, May 10, 1836.
" We are just informed, by express from St. Mark's, that
the Gadsden troop* are fighting the Indians within view of
the bomb-proof, but we do not yet know the íesult. We
are truly anxious to hear the fate of these brave men, who
are always first in the field. If it be disastrous to the whites,
I know not what will happen."
1                            Extract of a letter dated
" Charleston, May 15, 1836.
" Dear Sir : The rules of the Army applicable only to
ordinary cases, and framed chiefly tor regular troops, have
been brought to bear upon a movement which was peculiar
in it*, character, and in relation to which all of these rules,
it seems to me, should have been dispensed with.   Men
were wanted on the instant; they were hastily collected,
and sent down, for dispatch, on the railroad.    The expense
of transportation was refused to be paid.    On their arrival
here, no sufficient provision was made for quartering and
supporting them; and we were told ' that Government had
'   nothing to do with troops until they were regularly mus-
1   tered into service.'   When the difficulties first occurred in
East Florida, several vessels, loaded with provisions and
I   military stores, were instantly forwarded from this place
,, for the relief of the suffering inhabitants, and two compa-
I   mes of volunteers were organized to be sÜuon for the pro-
tection of St. Augustine.   The volunteers were taken off
II  our hands by General Eustis, but the other expenses, vol-
t untanly incurred, have, I think, not vet been discharged.
I This you can ascertain, however, from the War Depart
ment. I have not a shadow of doubt, if the liberal spirit
displayed in reference to Florida bvthe citizens of Charles-
ton, as well as those of the whole State, had been met by a
corresponding spirit on the part of the War Department,
and all the officers acUng under their authority, that it would
have been easy now to send any force for the protection of
Florida that could have been desired. But our constituted
authorities, as well as our own citiz ens, have been taught,
by their recent experience, that a zeal which prompts them
to rush forward, tmtkout calculating the cost, and rtgardlett
