1836.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   485
of forms, is not duly appreciated by the Federal Govern-
ment, or their officers. I think that nothing short of a lib-
eral appropriation, put at the control of the Governor, to be
expended at hi> <li-*cretion, in organizing a force to be com-
manded hi State officer*, could enable him to send to the
defense o't Upper Florida such a regiment of rangers as you
think necessary lor that purpose."
Extract of a letter from St. «flugusiine.
" Consequently most of us have no money to purchase
provisions; and as to hiring out any number of negroes, it is
impossible. Nothing can be done in the country, and no
one wants them; and if he keeps them, they aro likely to
starve. It is a very hard case, indeed, to compel a man to
sell one part of his family to support the other. If the Gov-
ernment is not able to protect us, they ought not certainly
to suffer us to starve.
" According to the late orders received here from the
Secretary of War, about provisions, no person can receive
any without they are actually paupers. The result will be,
if this state of things lasts six months longer, there will be
none in East Florida but paupers, for every man that can
get away will move away."
Mr. PINCKNEY conceived that the bill did
embrace the whole of the corps employed in the
Floridas.
Mr. SPEIGHT explained that the amendment
was necessary, for the first section of the bill did
not provide for the object embraced in the amend-
ment.
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, was also given to
understand, by a letter received that morning, that
the volunteers called out by Generals Clinch and
Hernandez would not be paid under the former
bill; and he read a letter from the Secretary of
War to the same effect.
After a few words from Messrs. OWENS,
JOHNSON of Kentucky, and CAMBRELENG,
Mr. GLASCOCK suggested a modification of
the amendment as follows:
And such other militia and volunteers as have been re-
ceived and mustered into the service of the United States,
and regularly discharged.
He explained in a few words the object of his
amendment.
Mr. H AWES wanted to know if any estimates |
had been sent to the House, and if the bill was
intended to provide for those who were mustered
into the service, and afterwards refused to fight
and went home ?
Mr. GLASCOCK replied that his amendment
met the gentleman's question by the phrase " reg-
ularly discharged."
Mr. HA WES was not satisfied with that, as it
did not go far enough. The men might have been
discharged by their own officers, and he certainly
would not vote a dollar to such men.
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, said there were no
troops in Florida that had refused to fight. There
were some who came near the border, and retired
upon some disagreement with their officers; but
the bill was not intended to embrace them, nor
could be so construed.
Mr. GLASCOCK remarked that, if his amend-
ment were agreed to, it was sufficiently explicit.
The words, " regularly discharged from the ser-
vice," could only mean a discharge by the offi-
cers of the United States.
The amendment of Mr. G. was then agreed to
ntm. con.
The amendment as amended was then also
agreed to.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, moved further
to amend the bill by inserting in the first section
the word " volunteers" after the word " militia;"
which was agteed to.
Mr. MARTIN submitted an amendment pro- ]
viding for the payment of all reasonable expenses
of such volunteer companies as were formed and
marched to the seat of government of Alabama,
at the call of the Governor of said State, and who
were notreceivedand mustered into actual service
on account of the requisite number of companies
having been received before their arrival there.
Mr. M. briefly explained that a requisition had
been made by Governor Clay, of Alabama, and
a large body of men, assembled from various
parts of the State, at the seat of government;
many more than were wanted. All his amend-
ment required was, that they should be remuner-
ated in tne expenses they had actually incurred.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, Ohio, inquired if this
subject had been submitted to the Military Com-
mittee of the House ?
Mr. MARTIN was understood to reply in the
negative; but he hoped there would be no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. WHITTLESEY thought it should under-
go the revision of that committee. He remarked
that there were a great many instances of militia
having been called out in this way in the late war,
without any claim having been made upon Con-
gress. At all events he hoped the gentleman from
Alabama would net embarrass or incumber this
bill by urging his proposition at that time.
Mr. MARTIN was at a loss to see how it could
embarrass the bill, for his proposition was of a
character identically the same as the provisions
of the bill.
Mr. SPEIGHT said, though he thought the
expenses these men had incurred should be repaid
to them, yet he hoped the gentleman from Ala-
bama would not then press the subject.
|     After a few  further remarks  from   Messrs.
I MERCER, LAWLER, HUNT, and WHITE
I of Florida,
Mr. MARTIN said, not to delay or prejudice
the passage of this bill, and at the suggestion of
his friend, he would withdraw the amendment.
He wished the House, however, distinctly to un-
derstand, that he should ask leave to introduce a
resolution by which this subject should be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. OWENS moved to insert the words " out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated."
Mr. BRIGGS hoped the amendment would
not prevail, for the bill was merely an explana-
tory one of a former bill. If it should prevail, it
would be making the bill a new appropriation,
which was not the intention of the committee
who reported the bill.
Mr. OWENS explained that his object was to
secure the immediate payment of the money,
but if his amendment would conflict with the in-
tention of the committee, and being anxious for
the speedy passage of the bill, he withdrew the
amenament.
Mr. PINCKNEY moved to amend the bill as
follows: strike out " in" the States, and insert
" by" the States, and also add the following: " or
individuals or corporations." He said his object
was to provide for the repayment of advances
made by banks in the State from which he came.
Mr. GLASCOCK requested the gentleman to
withdraw the amendment; and after a few words
by both gentlemen, Mr. P. withdrew it.
Mr. MASON, of Ohio, then spoke for some
time in reference to the irregular and hasty man-
ner in which such important bills as this were
lately hurried through the House.
The committee then rose and reported the bill
and amendments to the House.
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair, the
bill as amended in committee was then taken
up, and the amendments read.
Mr. JARVIS said he should not oppose the
bill, but he did dissent from the manner in which
the House was transacting its business. The
requisite information failed to come from the Ex-
excutive Department in a regular manner. In-
stead of the House receiving executive commu-
nications through the Chair, a communication was
received by a chairman of a committee, and the
first the House heard of it was when the bill was
reported. This ought not to be tolerated. He
did not say this from want of respect to the Sec-
retary of War, for he had the highest opinion of
that gentleman. He moved tcPrecommit the bill
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SPEIGHT denied that the manner in
which the suggestions had been sent to the House
were either disrespectful or iiregular. He as-
serted, without fear of contradiction, that, from
the origin of the Government to the present time,
no estimates for a bill of this character were sent
.through the Speaker. The uniform practice had
always been the same as in the present instance.
This bill had now been reported by the Military
Committee, and been before the House upwards
of a month. He appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw the motion to recommit.
Mr. JARVIS replied that he had never reported
any bill, which was an original measure, under
the circumstances he had complained of in regard
to the present.
- Mr. HA WES should vote to recommit this
bill to the Military Committee, and he did not
know whether he should vote against it or not
when it again came up for consideration. The
gentleman from North Carolina seemed to have
overlooked a most material fact, that a new pro-
vision had been inserted in the bill that morn-
ing, upon the motion of the gentleman from Flor-
ida, as suggested by the Secretary of War in a
letter to himself, [Mr. White,] which had never
undergone the revision of the Military Commit-
tee.
The motion to recommit was further discussed
by Messrs. GRANGER, PARKER, EVER-
ETT, CAMBRELENG, WHITE of Florida,
JOHNSON of Tennessee, BELL.GRENNELL,
LINCOLN, and WARD.
Mr. JARVIS then withdrew the motion.
The discussion was further continued by
Messrs. VANDERPOEL, GRAVES, JUDSON,
WHITTLESEY of Ohio,PARKER, ADAMS,
and WHITE of Florida; when the amendment of
the Committee of the Whole was concurred in,
and the bill was passed.
SERVICES OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. LEWIS, from the joint committee of con-
ference, appointed on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses upon an amendment of the Senate
to the bill authorizing the President to accept the
service of volunteers, reported several amend-
ments to said bill; which were agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. WISE, by leave, it was
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House all the measures
taken by the Administration to suppress Indian hostilities
in Florida; also to communicate all the information in his
possession relative to the cause of those hostilities.
On motion of Mr. MARTIN, by leave, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making provision
for the payment of the reasonable compensation of such
volunteer companies as were formed and repaired to the
seat of government of the State of Alabama, upon the call
of the Governor of said State, and were not received into
the service, on account of the disturbances in Florida, as
well as for the Creek service, the requisite number of com-
panies having been received before they arrived; and that
the accompanying communication upon this subject from
his Excellency C. C. Clay, Governor of the said State, be
referred to that committee.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Mondat, May 23, 1836.
Mr. WALKER rose and said there had been
forwarded to him the proceedings of a large and
respectable meeting of citizens of the State of
Mississippi, held at the court-house of Warren
county, which he had been requested to present
to the Senate. The resolutions contained in these
proceedings (Mr. W. said) instructed their Rep-
resentatives and requested their Senators in Con-
gress to use their utmost endeavors to obtain
from this Government the immediate recognition
of the independence of Texas, stating the reasons
which have induced the people of this county to
urge this measure. The time had* now arrived,
Mr. W. believed, for action on this subject; and
he therefore moved the reference of these pro-
ceedings to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. W. handed up tg the table the resolutions
in a printed form; upon which
The CHAIR stated that a paper in that form
could not be received—that it must be attested by
the real signatures of some of the parties, or ac-
companied by a letter vouching for its authen-
ticity.
Mr. WALKER said that he was himself satis-
fied of the authenticity of the proceedings. Their
having been sent in a printed form was merely
for the convenience of transmission; and that he
had received a letter on the subject, but that in
consequence of its containing also matters of a
private nature, he did not wish to communicate
it for publication.
The CHAIR stated that the rule of the Senate
was imperative on this subject.
Mr. WALKER said that if it was oat of order
to receive this paper he would, in obedience to
the instructions of his constituents, move the
reference of the proceedings of the citizens of
Cincinnati, having a similar object^n new, pre-
