486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
sented some days since by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Morris.]
Mr. MORRIS did not feel disposed to take up
these resolutions at this time.   This was a very
important question, which would, in all probabil- !
ity, produce some excitement in the country, and
he was not prepared to act on it before it became
necessary to ttct.    Ho was not willing to take all
that he had heard as facts, until officially commu-
nicated.   It was true it was a glorious struggle,
in which our citizens, and he among the rest, felt
a deep interest; nevertheless, he did not go the
length  of the Senator from  Mississippi,  [Mr.
Walker.]    He had received from the capital of
his State proceedings of a meeting of highly re-
spectable citizens, warmly espousing the cause of
Texas; and he was the first to present to the Sen- ,
ate proceedings on this subject.   The recogni- i
tion of Texas involved a question which did not ¡
meet the eye, and which was beyond the mere
recognition of her independence—a question that !
would convulse this Union from one end to the
other; and the observance of prudence and cau- !
tion was necessary.    While there was agitation
on this subject it was not the most appropriate
time for action upon it.    It might have a material ',
effect upon some portions of the country, and he j
therefore thought the time had not yet arrived
when it was proper, in his judgment, to act.         ,
Mr. PRESTON, with great satisfaction, ten-
dered to his friend from Mississippi the use of
the memorial on the subject of Texas, presented
by him some days since. It might have been
supposed, that he would call up this memorial
himself, and he had proposed to do so this morn- i
ing; but he had much rather second the views of
the gentleman from Mississippi, and follow in his
wake, than take the lead himself. There was
much propriety in this movement coming from
that quarter. The zeal and ardor which that gen-
tleman had manifested on that subject, and the
Sowerful interest in the affairs of Texas which
is constituents had exhibited, alike qualified him
to take the lead on this occasion. He was glad,
for another reason, that the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi was the first to move in this business.
He himself was in the minority, belonging to
that party which had no control over the desti-
nies of this country, except by repulsion; and,
therefore, the motion coming from a distinguished
member of the party of the Administration would
have a more powerful effect than one coming from
him. It showed the strength of the cause of
Texas, and indicated the feelings of the Admin-
istration party in its behalf; or if it did not in-
dicate such feelings, it showed that a powerful
current of public sentiment was urging them on.
He had expected this morning to follow the lead
of other Senators. He had expected that the
Senator from New York would have presented a
memorial on this subject from that great State,
containing such a vast number of signatures as
to put all others in the shade; and he had also
expected that a memorial of the same nature
would have been presented by the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
The period had now arrived when, if public
information was not false, some action on the
part of this Government would be proper.    He
did not mean direct and positive, but initiatory
action, to put things in 4 course of investigation.
If a tithe of that information was true, no one
could question but that the domination of the
President of Mexico was forever at anend.   If it
was true that his army was dispersed, his person
captured, and the Texan army triumphant, Texas
was in the situation supposed some days since,
by the Senator from Massachusetts, having a
Government defacto, and being to all intents and
purposes independent.   They had, it was true,
received no official confirmation of this intelli-
gence; and therefore it was not proposed to do
more  than  take the  initiatory steps to obtain
further information through the Committee of
Foreign Relations; but without over estimating
the feelings of the Senator from Mississippi, he
would take it for granted that, if instead of these
rumors they had been in possession of official
confirmation of the Texan victory, the gentleman
would at once have laid a resolution on the table
for the immediate recognition of the independence
of Texas.   
Mr. WALKER accepted with great pleasure
the proceedings tendered him by the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Preston.]
Mr. MORRIS said he would not now object
to the use of the Ohio proceedings by the Senator
from Mississippi.
Mr. WALKER then moved the reference of
all the proceedings and memorials in relation to
Texas to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He said that his feelings had perhaps been more
deeply excited than those of any other Senator,
by the fact, that he attributed the death of a very
near and much beloved relative, in passing through
Texas immediately preceding the late struggle, to
the unwarrantable proceedings of the Mexican
authorities in Texas. Mr. W. said he spoke
and acted on this subject upon his own responsi-
bility, and not, as was supposed by the Senator
, from South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] as the or-
gan of the Administration. Mr. W. said he had
no authority to represent the President's views
on this subject, but that, were he to give his own
opinion of those views, Mr. W. could not doubt
but that, as a man, the President could not be
otherwise than friendly to the cause of those who
were struggling for liberty against usurpation in
any quarter of the globe; that the love of lib-
erty still glowed as warmly in the bosom of our
\ venerable Presidentas when, in the morning of
life, he shed his blood in defense of his country
in the war of the Revolution; that wh?tever
might be the feelings of the President, as a man,
he would, no doubt, so discharge the duties of
his office as to preserve unsullied the national
11 faith and the national honor.
If (said Mr. W.) the accounts we have received
from Texas were official, he would have moved
¡ a resolution for the immediate recognition of the
1 independence of Texas. Mr. W. believed these
; accounts to be true; but, as the information was
1 unofficial, he had moved the reference of the
¡ Texas memorials to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, in the expectation that they^rould
immediately investigate the subject, and be en-
abled to present the facts to us in that authentic
form which would justify immediate action.
When South America was not yet wholly disen-
thralled from the power of Spain—when the scale
was still balancing, and the question not yet
entirely determined which should preponderate,
liberty or despotism, Congress had acted upon
the question of South American independence.
And, at a late period, when the struggle of Greece
was still progressing—when her classic soil was
still the theater of a sanguinary and doubtful
conflict—when the Moslem crescent had not yet
faded before the dawn of liberty, the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts had moved to ac-
credit an agent to Greece. If we were warranted
in thus acting upon that occasion, why refuse
now to investigate, through the appropriate com-
mittee, the situation of affairs in Texas? The
intelligence is, that a division of the Mexican
army has been overthrown, and the survivors of
the contest captured by the troops of Texas; that
! Santa Anna, the leader of the Mexican army, and
I the head of the Mexican Government, the very
I man in whose person that Government was con-
; centrated, was also a prisoner; and that he had
consented to the exaltation of Texas, and the
immediate recognition of her independence. If,
then, (said Mr. W.,) Texas has maintained,
upon the field of battle, that declaration of inde-
pendence made fey her many months since—if
that independence has been acknowledged by the
head of the Mexican Government, and Texas
evacuated by the Mexican troops—if there be
now a Government de facto in operation in Texas,
and her enemies overthrown, we must, upon the
principles that have always guided our course,
recognize at once the independence of Texas.
Mr. WEBSTER said that, if the people of.
Texas had established a Government de facto, it
was undoubtedly the duty of this Government to
acknowledge their independence.   The time and
manner of doing so, however, were all matters
;' proper for grave and mature consideration.    He
, should have been satisfied had this matter not
been moved again till all the evidence had been
i collected,  and until they had  received official
I information of the important events that had
i taken place in Texas.   As this proceeding had
been moved by a member of the Administration
party, he felt himself bound to. understand thai
the Executive was not opposed to taking the firs'
steps now, and that in his opinion this proceed-
ing was not dangerous or premature. Mr. W
was of opinion that it would be best not to act
with precipitation. If this information was true,
they ■ would doubtless before long hear from
Texas herself; for as soon as she felt that she was
a country, and had a country, she would natu-
rally present her claims to her neighbors, to be
recognized as an independent nation. He did
not say that it would be necessary to wait for
this event, but he thought it would be discreet to
do so. He would be one of the first to acknowl-
edge the independence of Texas, on reasonable
proof that she had established a Government.
There were views connected with Texas which
he would not now present, as it would be pre-
mature to do so; but he would observe that he
had received some information, from a respectable
source, which turned his attention to the very
significant expression used by Mr. Monroe, in
his message of 1822, that no European Power
should ever be permitted to establish a colony on
the American continent. He had no doubt that
attempts would be made by some European Gov-
ernment to obtain a cession of Texas from the
Government of Mexico.
Mr. MORRIS said, that on this question he
was in hopes he should be able to make himself
fully understood. He explained his views of the
effect of the motion of the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Walker,] which, he thought, was
premature and hasty. Mr. M. disclaimed being
under executive influence in this matter. He
went with, and for, the people of the State he
represented. It was true he respected the execu-
tive will, when he knew it officially. But (he
asked) where was the Government or the author-
ized agents of Texas ? Those gentlemen who
were here as agents, he believed, had shown no
credentials from the authorities of Texas. He
would go as far as any gentleman on this floor in
favor of civil and religious liberty, and held that
all men were born free and equal. When he acted
as the humble organ of a portion of the people
of this Government, he desired to act on some-
thing official. He would be prepared to act on
this important event at the proper time, and he
believed that the time would soon arrive. He
could sympathize in the feelings of the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Walker.] That Senator
had reason to feel in this matter, having met with
the loss of a near relative. But he ought not to
suffer his judgment to be misled by the intensity
of his feelings. They might, out of these walls,
act in their individual capacity like men; but
when acting as Senators they should be cautious.
But, as the Senator from Mississippi said, time
would be taken for consideration by the commit-
tee, if referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations; and as that committee was an able one,
he would withdraw his objections to the refer-
ence.
Mr. WALKER stated that, from the observa-
tions of the Senator from Ohio", it would seem
that the gentleman supposed that his course on
this occasion had be n dictated by the impulses
of his heart, and not by his judgment. The gen-
tleman was deeply mistaken; for there was no
one subject upon which he had more deeply re-
flected, and more deliberately consulted his judg-
ment, than on the subject of Texas. At the
period when the treaty was made by which the
valley of the Mississippi was dismembered, and
Texas surrendered to a foreign Power—at that
period, not yet having arrived at the age of man-
hood, and not being entitled to a vote, he had ex-
pressed his conviction against the treaty, and by-
addresses in 1826 in the public papers, over his
own signature, had shown his opposition to that
unwise and important measure.
These were the deliberate dictates of his own
judgment, before he ever had a relative in Texas
—before he was a resident of a southern State,
and before he ever expected to have a seat on
this floor. These (he said) were not southern
feelings—they were not northern feelings—no,
they were the feelings which were wholly Ameri-
can, prompted by an ardent zeal for civil and
religions liberty; and which, he trusted, would
