488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
h'
national character, for justice, and for the preser-
vation of our men free institutions. Such was the
ardent anxiety and solicitude that he felt for the
success of our own great and hitherto eminently
successful experiment in self-government, that
he believed that we should not only be doing
greatinjustice to onrown country, but to the cause of
liberty everywhere, by embarking our Government,
which was the best and brightest hope of the
friends of civil liberty, in schemes, if not danger-
ous, to say the least of them, injudicious and
precipitate. Mr. B. thought he could see, in the
considerations to which he had adverted, reasons
at least as strong, and motives as powerful, to
call forth our patriotic sympathies, and to afford
us an amule occasion for their exercise, as any
which had been urged on the other side.
It had repeatedly (said Mr. B.) been charged
against republics by the advocates of power, that
they were too much governed by a spirit of con-
quest, and had often endeavored to aggrandize
themselves, at the expense of other nations, dis-
regarding the principles of justice. He believed
the charge unfounded, and trusted that the United
States would continue, a3 the,y had heretofore
done, to afford an exemplification of the truth,
that a republican Government can not only act
with justice and moderation towards other
nations, but that it can preserve a character for
those elevated national virtues, placing it in
honorable contrast with the selfish and arbitrary
examples too often set by Governments of a
different form.
Mr. B. said that, generous as the enthusiasm
was which had been expressed on this occasion
in behalf of Texas, and disinterested as the
motives doubtless were, alleged in favor of the
3ropos d departure from our neutrality, (for such
ne should regard a recognition of the independ-
ence of Texas at present,) did gentlemen believe
that the sharp-sighted diplomacy of foreign na-
tions would not suspect us of some disposition to
aggrandize ourselves at the expense of a weaker
neighbor, and of impatience to plant our eagles
on a foreign soil?
He regarded our national character as worth
infinitely more than all the territorial possessions
of Mexico, her wealth, or the wealth of all other
nations added together. Wc occupied a standing
among the nations of the earth of which we
might well be proud, and which we ought not to
permit to be tarnished. We have (said Mr. B.)
arrived at that period of our history, as a nation,
when it behooves us to act with the greatest wis-
dom and circumspection. But a few years since,
as a nation, we were comparatively in a state of
infancy; we were now in the confidence of youth,
and with the buoyancy of spirit incident to this
period of our existence as a nation, about to
enter on " man's estate." Powerful in resources,
and conscious of our strength, let us not forget
the sacred obligations of justice and good faith
which form the indispensable basis of a nation's
character, greatness, and freedom, and without
which no people could long preserve the bless-
ings of self-government. Republican govern-
ment was based on the principles of^ustice, and
for it to be administered on any other, either in
its foreign or domestic affairs, was to undermine
its foundation and to hasten its overthrow.
Mr. B. said that the peaceable acquisition of
Texas by purchase was a question which might
well merit the consideration of the Government of
the United States; bu t any step which looked either
directly or indirectly to obtaining possession of it
in any other way, or which would commit us to
take part in the contest in which it was at present
engaged, ought, in his opinion, to be steadily
resisted. If, in the existing condition of things,
we acknowledge her independence, it would be-
come not only a matter of pride, but somewhat
of obligation on our part, to maintain it by mili-
tary force; an extremity which gentlemen ought
to pause before they were prepared to precipitate
the country improvidently into.
If (said Mr. B.) we shall receive unquestion-
able informatian that Texas can maintain her
independence against the authority of the Mexf-
can Government, none would be more willing to
see her recognized as a free and independent State
than himself; but until then we owed it to our
character as a nation, to our love of justice and
moderation, and to our republican form of Gov-
¡ ernment, to do nothing which would cornpromit I
the one or endanger the other.                               '
Mr. WALKER said the arguments made by
some Senators were calculated to place him in a
position which he had not occupied, and demanded
a reply.     Honorable  Senators  had spoken as
though he (Mr. W.) had made some proposition
to dismember Mexico, to violate the  faith of
treaties, and to tarnish the national honor.    Mr.
W. had made no such proposition.  Mr. W. said
he would violate no treaty—he would never desire
to tarnish the national honor, or sully a single
star that beams in the banner of the Union. The
question is, to inquire, through the appropriate
committee, into the existence of a Government de
facto in Texas.   The sole question is, has a rev-
olution been effected in Texas ? has the Mexican
Government been overthrown there ? and whether
this revolution, as in the present case in a single
campaign, or as in the three days at Paris, has
been  effected, leaves the question unchanged.
Mr. W. would desire to callback honorable gen-
■ tlemen from the fields of speculation into which
they had wandered, and ask them to meet the
question now proposed, whether the Senate ought
not to inquire into the fact of the existence of a
Government defacto in Texas ? If in Texas there
be a successful Government in operation, then we '
shall violate the fundamental principle of the law
of nations if we continue to recognize the exist-
ence of the Mexican authority in a country from
which it has been expelled. But the recognition, |
it is said, should come from the  Executive, or |
upon his suggestion.     Had the President pro- '
ceeded to recognize the independence of Texas,
| or to dictate our course here on this subject, some
I of those very Senators who object to my motion
would have at once denounced, as a usurpation,
such a course upon the part of the Executive.
I But the Senate has a right to act on this subject,
not only as a branch of the Legislature, but as a
branch of the executive department, in control-
ling our foreign relations. No treaty can be made
with any foreign Power, no  envoy accredited
there, but through the direct action of the Senate,
as a branch of the executive department; and it
is therefore peculiarly appropriate that the pro-
posed inquiry should commence here.    But we
are told that the proposed inquiry is indelicate
under   existing   circumstances.     Indelicate   to
whom ?   To Santa Anna, the captive chief of the
Mexican Government? Mr. W. said that, to his
mind, such an idea was irresistibly ludicrous.
When our illustrious Franklin presented his cre-
dentials, as the first American embassador to
France, did we think it indelicate to send such
an envoy on such an embassy?   And when the
young Franklins from Texas shall present their
credentials, as they may already have done on a
similar embassy, shall we be told that the inquiry
is indelicate, whether they do in fact represent a
Government defacto or not? But, if the inquiry
is indelicate on our part, would it not be much
more so on the part of the Executive—brought
heretofore, and, perhaps, at the present moment,
into actual conferences with the Minister of Santa
Anna? There was another strong reason for im-
mediate action.    The Senator from Massachu-
setts had stated that a foreign_Power was endeav-
oring to obtain a cession of Texas from Mexico. '
If Mexico would ever cede Texas to that for-
eign Power, now would be the moment.    If she
made such a cession when we refused even to in-
quire into the propriety of recognizing the inde-
pendence  of Texas, might not   Mexico,  and
such foreign Power to whom Texas was ceded,
then declare that we could not object to the ces-
sion, because we still considered the Mexican
power as the lawful Government  of  Texas?
This circumstance alone demanded immediate
action.
After some further remarks from Messrs.
PRESTON, CALHOUN, and MANGUM,
Mr. RIVES concurred in the necessity odcau-
tion. This Government should act with moder-
ation, calmness, and dignity; and because he
wished the Senate should act with that becoming
moderation, calmness, and dignity which ought to
characterize its deliberations on international sub-
jects, it was his wish that the subject might be
referred.   If it was postponed, it would ccme up .
again for discussion from morning to morning, to
the exclusion of most of the business of the Sen-
ate, as there was nothing to prevent the presenta-
tion of petitions every morning to excite discus-
sion. It was for the purpose of avoiding these
discussions that he should vote to refer it at once
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. A prom-
inent member of that committee had been long
and intimately acquainted with the subject of our
foreign relations, and there were members on it
representing all the different sections of the coun-
try to whose charge he believed the subject could be
safely committed. It would seem, from the course
of debate this morning, that gentlemen supposed
the questionof the recognition of the independence
of Texas, or its admission into this Union, was
directly before the Senate, and some gentlemen had
volunteered their opinions in advance of the report
of the committee. He did not vote to refer it to
the committee to receive its quietus, but that tiny
might give their views upon it; nor did he feel as
if he were called upon to express an opinion upon
the propriety of the measure. It was strange
that Senators who stated that their opinions were
made up should oppose the Reference.
Mr. CALHOUN explained. He stated that
he was not prepared now to take cither course
that he had suggested. But he said that the ques-
tions, both of the recognition of Texas and hei
incorporation into the Union, would soon be
brought before them. He stated that the Tex-
ans having the power, could make good terms
with Santa Anna, or with the opposing party in
Mexico; and that if they acted with prudence
Congress would soon be called upon to decide
whether they should be incorporated into the
Union. The gentleman from Virginia, he pre-
sumed, would not oppose this. He was not so
prudent as to wait for the opinion of the commit-
tee. He had the fullest confidence in the com-
mittee, but having made up his mind long ago he
did not rely on the opinions of any one. It wai
not that he considered action to be now pre-
mature, but because he desired to see a greatej
unanimity of opinion that he wished this matter
delayed.
Mr. RIVES was under the impression, with-
out being able to recall to his mind particularly
who the individual Senators were, that other gen-
tlemen had so expressed themselves. He held it
to be entirely premature, in any Senator, in case 
of reference, to express an opinion in advance.
The committee would be governed by all proper
and patriotic feelings in their deliberations upon
the subject, and report to the Senate their views
upon it in detail, based upon authentic informa-
tion received from all sources within their reach.
He believed that the discussion of all preliminary
questions, without having well authenticated facts
before them, gave rise to excited feelings. The
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun]
had stated his feelings as a southern man.
Mr. CALHOUN explained. He stated that
all parts of the Union, the manufacturing, navi-
gating, and commercial interests, were allequafly
interested in the independence of Texas.
Mr. RIVES repeated that it was for the pur-
pose of avoiding ¿hese excited feelings and dis-
cussions that he was in favor of the reference.
They all knew the interest felt in relation to this
Government. He did not conceive that voting
for a reference committed any one. Did any
gentleman, when he voted for the reference of a
particular claim to a committee, consider himself
bound to vote for that claim? Certainly not. He
hoped every Senator would acquiesce in the ref-
erence; and in all 'probability, in a short time,
they would have placed in their hands such in-
formation of an official character as would enabfe
them to act with unanimity, and perhaps even
without discussion.
Mr. LINN said, when Santa Anna descended
upon Texas like Hyder Ali on the plains of the
Carnatic, spreading destruction and desolation
before him; when he stormed the Alamo and put
its noble and devoted defenders to the sword;
when Colonel Fannin, who, after fighting gal-
lantly a overwhelming force of his enemies, was
seduced into an honorable capitulation; when
this capitulation was basely'and treacherously
violated, and his followers assassinated; when
property was plundered and laid waste; when
