1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
women and children were seen flying to the
swamn5!, forests, and cane-brakes for shelter and
pioti ciion against the power of these ruthless
iiTvadeis, then, in thchoui of their darkest hopes,
I vvs \vi ling to vote an acknowledgment of the
j idenenden.ce of Texas, because at that moment
it «oi'd have servid then cause a good purpose.
But n >\\, s i, the scene has changed, they have
met tic i proud and vainglorious enemies, and
completely triumphed, they hd\e uampled their
enemies in the du=.t, and woikcd out their own
salvation Tex\s is independent, and it mat-
ters but little whether we now pass through the
foims of admitting it or not. She is too pios-
prrous for me to take much inteiest in the mat
ter.
Mr BUCHANAN Jfeud that he had in his
possession a memorial from citizens of the city
and county of Philadelphia, uiging Congress to
recognize the independence of Texas, which he
intended to present to the Senate as soon as an
opportunity should offer. After much deliber-
ation he had determined to move its reference to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, believing
that, undei existing circumstances, this was the
most proper disposition which could be made of
these memoiials
Mr. B. entnely concurred in the views which
had been presented by the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Rives ] A reference of these memorials to
that committee committed nobody. It left the
future couise of every Senator as free as it had
been befoie Such a vote did not, in itself, imply
either that we favored or that we opposed the
recognition of Texan independence No infer-
ence could be fairly drawn from it, except that
we deemed the subject of sufficient importance to
justify an inquiry. Could any Senator deny this
proposition? It might be, though he confessed
lie thought it highly improbable, that the com-
mittee would feel themselves bound to determine
against the cause of Texas, and against the ardent
wishes of the people of the United States. In that
event it would become the duty of the committee
to endeavor to tranquillize the country, and to
satisfy the public that this view of the subject was
correct The simple refeience of these memorials
was the best mode of getting clear of the sub)ect
foi the present, and for these reasons, if he had
no other, he should vote foi it. He did not be-
lieve that, in the piesent state of the war between
Mexico and Texas, the most jealous minister
ever sent fiom old Spain or Mexico would have
any cause to complain of the mere reference of
these memoiials to a committee of the Senate.
But (Mr. B. said) he should not do justice,
eithei to his feelings or his judgment, if he were
to place his vote upon these considerations alone.
When he had last addressed the Senate upon this
subject, the civil war was still raging in Texas,
and the result of the conflict was still involved in
doubt. It would then have been a violation of
the established principles of our policy to insti-
tute an inquiiy whether we should recognize its
independence. Fiom these principles, whatevei
might be his feelings as a man, he should never
depart as an American Senator. But since that
time the. aspect of affairs had materially changed.
Although he was not of a credulous or sanguine
disposition, yet the sources of our information
were so numerous, and of such a respectable
character, that he now believed the dominion of
Mexico ovei Texas was gone forever. For this
he thanked his God. Its mountains and its fertile
plains weie destined to sustain millions of Amer-
ican fieenien in the (. nioyment of American hbei ty.
Whatever struggles, the patnots of Texas might
yet be compelled to make in the sacred cause of
liberty, of one thing he felt certain, that they
would be finally triumphant. But would they
use their victory as wisely as it had been bravely
won ' This was a question on which we should
soon be able to form an opinion. Before we could
acknowledge their independence, we must be sat-
isfied that they had organized and established a
Government defacto, and were actually independ-
ent. When these facts were clearly proved, we
should then owe it to ourselves—we should owe
it to the feelings of the American people—to ex-
hibit an alacrity in declaring them independent.
On this subject we should manifest no tardiness
or cold delay; but, until that time should arrive,
we must be faithful to oui principles, and to our
duties as a member of the groat family of nations.
A habit seemed to be giowing in this body of
attributing to the opinions of Sen tors on this
flooi, who were known to be friendly to the
piesent Admimstiation, a meaning beyond what
could be fairly interred from then expressions,
and thus attempting to commit ti e Executive.
This had been done in the cours>e of the present
debate. He protested against t' e justice of any
such inference. What he had said upon the pres-
ent occasion were his own opinions,'or which he
was individually responsible, without any refcr-
ense whatevei to thoee which might be enter-
tained by the President of the United States He
trusted that, without further debate or delay,
these memorials might be referred to the com-
mittee, and we might thus have a breathing spell
fiom tías subject to attend to the other impoitant
business which was now piessmg upon us.
After some further observations from Mr.
PRESTON,
The scveial memorials were then referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION
The CHAIR commumcatid a report from the
Secretary of the Treasury, containing a state-
ment of the deposit banks for tire last month.
INDEPENDENCE OT TEXAS
Mr BUCHANAN piesenteda memoualfiom
sundry citizensof Pennsylvania, asking Congress
to acknowledge the independence of Texas
Mr McKEAN piesented a similar memorial
from sundry citizens of Pennsylvania
Mr WRIGHT presented a similar memorial
from sundiy citizens of New York; all of which
were referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
OTHER PETITIONS.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a petition, nu-
merously signed by the citizens of Toledo and
Michigan City, and the people on the route,
praying the establishment of a post route between
those /places, via South Bend, which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial from sundry
citizens of Virginia, praying for the establishment
of a post route, which was refened to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads
Mi. LINN presented the petition of sundry '
citizens of Piairie du Chicn, piaying for confirm- ,
ation to certain land titles, which was referred to
the Committee on Puvate Land Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary AfFans, icported, without amendment, the
bill from the House to provide for the expenses
incurred, and supplies furnished, to voluntr-eis
called out for the defense of Florida, and, by
unanimous consent, the bill was ordi red to a thn d
reading.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported i bill for the
relief of Patrick Green, which was read, and
ordered to a second reading
The bill for the relief of Silas Fisher was read
the third time, and passed
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. NICHOLS submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered and agreed to
Resolved, Tint the Committee on Private I andCliims be
instructed to inquire into the expediency ot confirming the
claim of Morris Conway to a tract ot land on the left bank
ot the Mississippi, purchased bj him from the Hourna  In
dians , which clum was confirmed and extended bv the
Spanish Gov eminent in June 1777, b\ Dernirdo de G-dvez,
and subsequently confirmed bv the United State* commis
sioners under fie act ot 180o, and being more than a league
square requires, the action ot Congress to perfect it
Mr. MOORE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to.              I
Retolved. That the Committee on Public Lando be in
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
new land district, to include the country recently acquired
by treat} with the Cherokee Indians
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered and agreed
to:
Readied, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab
lishing a post route from Kenton, in Hardin county, to
Buevrus, in Cnwfo'd < ountv in the State of Ohio
Mi. LINJs submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to
Re ohed That the Committee on the Po t Office and
Post Roids ho instructed t > inquire into the ex > dirney of
establishing the following post road  in the rvimorv of
Wisconsin viz from Warsuv, in the State of Illinois via
KeoUucl , FoitDcs Monies,!'oit Gibson, Foit Madison, Gib
son s Ferry, Burlington, Iowa, CI iV¿ Fern, Divenpo t,
Ptrkhur t, Belli vu , Dutmque, Peru,Duran-; >, Wavimn s,
Cassville, and Pramt du Chien^ to Foit Sntllmg, from
Macomb county to MeDonough, Illinois, by Burlington to
Mount Pleasant, from Racine on Root river, by Wisconsin
city ind Mineial Pomtto Cassville, from Richlandtown
to Bu hngion, and thence to Monmouth, in Illinois, troin
Milwaukee to Wisconsin city, from Galena, via Sinsin
awl citj, Centreville, (at Smsinavva post office,) Gibraltar,
\an Buna, Li Fayette, CissvUle, and Prairie du Chien,
to Fort Sncllmg, from Bellevue to G-ilem, Illinois, fiom
Cirtlnge, Illinois, na Commerce, Illinois, to Fort Des
Moines, troin the Ripid on the Des Moines river, via
Mount Pleasant and Powaclnque, to Dubuque, troin Ste-
phi noon, Illinois, to Davenport, from Savannah, Illinois,
to Belfevue, fiom Dubuque, via Centreville, and Blast
Furnace to Flk Grove, from Mineril Point, via Wingville
and bavanmh, to Prairie du Chien, from Mineral Point,
via Dodgeville and Helena, to Arena, from Dodgeville,
vn James Morrison'-, Moundville, Citv of the Four Lnkes,
Fort Winnebago, Butte'des Morts, Little Butte des Morts,
Grand Kakalanand Menomonce, to Gieen Bav, from Ca s
ville to Elk Grove, via Platteville; from Galena, Illinois,
via \inegar Hill, Elk Grove, Bellcmont, to Mineral Point,
from Galoni, Illinois,, via White Oik Springs, Gratiot's
Grove Willow Springs, and Prairie Spnngs, to Mineral
Point from Gratiot's Grove, via Wiota, McNutt's Diggings,
and Wisconsin City, to Milwaukee, from Wisconsin City to
Racme, from Fort Winn°bago, via Fort Du Sac and Calu
met Village, to Grand Kakilan, from Chicago, Illinois,
via Pike river, Racine, Milwaukee, Chewa^an, Pigeon,
andMamtowae, to Green Bay,from Wisconsin City,to the
f ny ot the Four Lakes
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the following post routes
Irom Clinton, by Spnnghill and Sunimerville, to Satar
tía, State of Mississippi, from Port Gibson, b\ D irvv in, 'Miel
bv's, Lloyd's Mills, and Casey's Store, to Ravmond, State
of Mississippi
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to
Resohed, That the Committee on the Po«t Office -ind
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post mute from Mineral Point, via Wingville
and Savannah, to Prairie Du Chien, all in Wisconsin Ter-
ritory
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Monday, May 23, 1836.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolutions of the Legislature of Kenthcky, on
the subject of the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands The question pending was the motion
of Mi. Williams, of Kentucky, to íefer the res-
olutions to the Committee of Ways and Means,
with instructions to report a bill distributing the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands among
the several States, to be applied to such objects
as may be determined upon by the Legislatures
of the States respectively.
Mr. GUSHING, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the House at great length. He was
favorable to a distribution of the revenue among
the several States, and was also favorable to a
system of public defense. He would go as fai as
any of the friends of the Administration in making
appiopriatioiis for the defenses of the country,
because he consideied it the first duty imposed
upon Congress by the Constitution to put the
country m a proper state of defense. He refuted
the arguments of gentlemen, who had said that
arming the country gave cause for war. He con-
gratulated the country on its unexampled state
of prosperity, and on its prospects of peace with
all the nations of Europe, but still (he said) there
were causes which ought to make the Legislature
of the Union provide itself for every contingency
which might arise. He then went into a critical
examination of the probable amount of receipts
and expenditures for the coming year, and show ed
that there would he a surplus of some millions to
divide among the States, after all the necessary
appropriations should be made. Mr. C. met and
refuted the arguments of western gentlemen, in
relation to the expenditures of the Government
being nearly all to the North; «Jul «howed that,
