492
THE CONGRESSrONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Mr MANN, of New York, appealed to the
eentleman from Indiana to withdraw the motion,
as he desired to make a few remarks on the sub-
ject before the House.
Mr. HANNEGAN could not withdraw the
motion.
Mr. ADAMS called for the reading of the res-
olution of instructions; which being done,
Mr. McCOMAS desired to know whether it
was intended that the motion to lay on the table
should be a test question on the propriety of dis-
tributing the proceeds of the public lands.
Mr. HANNEGAN repeated that he had made
the motion expressly for the purpose of testing
the sense of the House on the subject alluded to.
The motion to lay the resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kentucky, and the instructions moved
bv Mr. Williams, on the table, was then decided
in the affirmative, as follows:                                  ¡
YEAS—Messrs. Ash, Ashley, Barton,Beale, Bean, Bran- ,
mom. Bockee, Boon, Bould'n, Bovee, Boyd, Brown, Cam-
breleng, Carr, Casey, Clianey, Chapman, John F. H. Clai-
borne, Cleveland, Connor, Craig, Cramer, Cushman, Dick-
erson, Douhleday, Dunlap, Fairfield, Farlan, William K.
Fuller, Galbraith* Jajnes Garland, Gillett, Glascock, Grant-
land, Grayson, Griffin, Haley, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Han-
negan, Albert G. Harrison, Hawes, Haynes, Holsey, How-
ard, Huntsman,  Ingham, Jabez Jackson, Janis, Joseph
Johnson, Cave Johnson, John VV. Jones, Benjamin Jones,
Judson. Kennon, Kilgore, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Law-
ler, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee. Leonard, Logan,  Loyall, |
Lucas, Lyon, Abijah Mann, Job Mann, Martin, John Y. i
Mason, William Mason, Moses Mason, May, McKay, Mc- ,
Keon. McKim, McLene, Montgomery, Morgan, Muhlen-
berg, Owens, Page, Park's, Patterson, Patton, Phelps, Pmck-
ney, John  Reynolds, Joseph   Reynolds, Roane, Rogers, '
Schenck, Seymour, Sickles, Smith, Speight, Sutherland,
Taylor, Thomas, John Thomson, Toucey, Towns, Turrill,
Vanderpoel,  Wagener,  Ward,  Wardwell, Webster, and
Weeks—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Anthony, Bailey, Bell, Borden, Bnggs, Buchanan, Bunch,
William B. Calhoun, Campbell, Carter, George Chambers,
John Chambers, Childs, Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Clark,
Corwm, Crane, Cushing, Deberry, Denny, Evans, Everett,
French, Fry, rhilo C. Fuller, Granger, Graves, Grennell,
Hard. Hardin, Harlan, Harper, Samuel S. Harrison, Hazel-
tine. Haister, Hoar, Hopkins, Howell, Hubley, Hunt, Inger-
soll, William Jackson, Janes, Jenifer, Laporte, Lawrence,
Lay, Luke Lea, Lewis, Lincoln, Love, Sampson Mason,
McCarty, McComas, McKennan, Mercer, Milligan, Morris,
Parker, Dutee J. Pearce, James A. Pearce, Petugrew, Phil-
lips, Potts. Reed,Rencher, Robertson, Russell, William B.
Phepard, Augustine H. Shepperd, Slade,Spangler, Sprague,
Standefer, Steele, Storer, Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson,
Turner, Underwood, Vinton, Washington, White, Elisha
Whittlesey, Lewis Williams, and Sherrod Williams—89.
So the whole subject was laid on the table.
The hour of one having arrived, the Speaker
announced the special order.
Mr. LOVE moved to suspend the rules for the ;
purpose of calling the States for petitions; which
was lost.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved to take
up the resolution from the Senate fixing a day
for the adjournment of Congress.
Mr. HUNTSMAN called for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. CAMBRELENG hoped the gentleman
from Kentucky would withdraw his motion. The
best way to bring the session to a speedy term-
ination was to persevere in transacting the public
business, without wasting the time in motions to
suspend the rules.
Mr. WILLIAMS declined withdrawing his
motion; when it was negatived—yeas 98, nays
89; two thirds being necessary.
FORTIFICATION BILL----POLITICS.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, and in
further execution of the special order of the 26th
of January, the House resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Mann, of New York, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for certain fortifications of the
United States, for the year 1836.
The question pending being the motion of Mr.
Cambreleng to amend the bill by inserting an
" item of $700,000 for the armament of the fortifica-
tions,    .
Mr. FORESTER resumed his remarks, and
set out by a review of the land bill. He then
adverted to the course of Mr. Van Buren, upon
former occasions, on the subject of internal im-
provements, the Bank of the United States, &c.
He examined that principle of the majority
party which said that " the spoils belong to the
victors," which was an anti-Democratic doctrine,
and one of the most abominable Federal maxims
ever advanced.    It was making the voice of the
people give way to the voice of corruption.    It
might be New York Democracy, but it was not
the kind of Democracy which prevailed in Ten-
nessee.    There  it was  held  that the  rule of
Democracy was the rule of the majority alone.
The caucus system was another of the principles
of the New York  Democracy, a principle he
declared to be at war with the Constitution.  He
described the manner in which he himself had
been nominated to the  Baltimore convention.
Nine individuals out of ten thousand, at Nash-
ville, had met and nominated him, and the nom-
ination was afterwards approved of by some fifty
or sixty more, and he paid as much attention to
it as he should to the whistling of a bird.   It was
said the principle of the caucus system was indis-
1 pensable to keep the party together; why, carry
out such a principle, and the election of a king
might be justified under it.   He again denounced
it as one of the most dangerous of the Federal
doctrines, and tending to  the most alarming
inroads upon the liberties of the people.   He then
1 adverted to the loss of the fortification bill.    He
said he saw the chairman [Mr. Cambreleng'] of
the committee of conference on that occasion,
when he returned, and asked him if they had
agreed, and that gentleman informed him that
they had, and that he was only waiting for an
opportunity to make the report to the House.
He was, however, astonished just after to see
the same gentleman get up and protest against
that very report from being made, on the ground
of there being no quorum in the House.    He
remarked upon the   extraordinary manner in
which the Journal was kept at present, by the
protest of Messrs. Glascock,  Robinson, and
Garland, of Louisiana, containing their reasons
for not voting on the abolition question, being
now spread on the Journal.    Every other mem-
ber had an equal right, and the Journal might be
filled in this way.    He then referred to Judge
White's letter to John Ross, and said that Judge
White had been consulted by Ross as a lawyer,
and that his letter was a legal opinion.   When
the question of State jurisdiction came up, Judge
White reiterated the same doctrine contained m
that letter, that quoad the United States, the
1  Cherokees were independent, but that Georgia
being one of the original States, she had supreme
jurisdiction within her territorial limits.    The
one was a legal opinion, given on consultation in
! the character of counsel, and was confined to the
, question of sovereignty between the United States
I and the Cherokees; the other was his constitu-
tional opinion as respected the latter people and
the State of Georgia.   There was, then, no incon-
sistency between the two documents.
Mr. F. then adverted to the subject of the sur-
plus revenue. He had made a calculation, and
he found that all the bills before Congress at that
time, if they should pass, amounted, exclusive of
the French spoliation claims, to an appropriation
of about $23,000,000, say $25,000,000, and this
would inevitably leave a surplus in the Treasury.
To say that to return a people the money that
belonged to them would corrupt them, was abso-
lutely ridiculous. This was the argument of the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Haynes] that morn-
ing, and it was the strongest he had ever heard
from any man. The manner in which Congress
had been in the habit of voting away the public
money was far more corrupting. He censured
the mode of members voting books to themselves,
perhaps to the value of $1,000 each; and he had
always condemned it.
On the subject of the deposit banks, he re-
viewed the course of the House, on the resolution
of Mr. Wise, in resisting an inquiry into the
connection of that " traitor and perjured scoun-
drel," Reuben M. Whitney, with those banks.
It was due to the Secretary of the Treasury, that
this investigation should have been had, in spite
of the defense made of him by the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Pierce,] that that
officer was above jiublic opinion. What the facts
wore, Mr. F. knew not; but it was due to Mr.
Woodbury, and due to the country, that the
charges made on the floor of that House, by one
of its distinguished members, should have been
met.    He would say no man was above public
opinion, not even General Washington himself,
in his day. It was a despotic doctrine to say
that any man was above public opinion, where
"a king could do no wrong." After dwelling
on these topics for some time, he concluded; and
Mr. PICKENS obtained the floor, and said
he would move that the committee rise, though,
if it was desired, he would proceed.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, said, it was
evident there was not a quorum present, and he
asked that the Chair count the committee.
The CHAIRMAN counted, and reported only
fifty-one members present.
Mr. MERCER said a quorum was doubtless
within the Capitol, and he would take that oppor-
tunity of sending to the Chair an amendment to
the amendment, authorizing the President of the
United States to expend so much of said sum as
he may deem expedient for the purpose of estab-
lishing a national foundery. Mr. M. (Mr. Pick-
ens having given way) made a few remarks in
relation to his amendment.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, was in favor of the
object of his colleague, but he would suggest some
limitation of the amount to be appropriated «for
the purpose, say $100,000.
Mr. MERCER replied, that a limitation was
hardly necessary, inasmuch as money laid out
for cannon was just as valuable to the country
as if it was preserved in gold or silver coin. He
again entered into a brief statement, showing the
necessity of the Government having a foundery
of its own, and thereby the insuring of the man-
ufacture of a good material. He preferred leaving
the sum to be expended to the discretion of the
Executive.
Mr. PICKENS then proceeded to address the
committee on the bill under consideration. He
avowed himself willing to go, as far as was con-
sistent with reason and the public policy, to ap-
propriate as much as could be expended in the
present year for fortifications; but it must be
shown to him that they were necessary to pro-
tect and give vigor to our Navy. Further than
this he would not go, and should resist every
project to expend the public money in an indis-
criminate erection of fortifications. The best
defense of this country was, to have a naval force
of sufficient strength to counteract any other
Power. Mr. P. then reviewed the various topics
that had been brought up in the late discussions—
the surplus revenue, the compromise bill, the
Texan war, &c. He was in favor of the inde-
pendence of Texas, but he did not desire to take
any step that should put a stop to negotiation
between the United States and Mexico. He then
reviewed, at great length, the speech of Mr. Cam-
breleng, the doctrines of which (he said) had
raised his indignation. He adverted to the allu-
sion of the gentleman about the right of legislat-
ing for posterity. To deny this right would
bring on anarchy, and the government of brutal
numbers over virtue and morality. The same
gentleman had also said this nation had been con-
verted into one great gambling-house. He asked
who had brought it to this condition ? The pfcrty
now in power—a viler, a more degraded, a more
corrupt set of wretches never lived. The con-
tempt of pledges, roan-worshiping, office-seek-
ing, &c, had wrought a distinct change in the
principles of this Government. The whole course
of the present Administration,from General Jack-
son's first war upon the Supreme Court down to
his assaults upon the Senate, had produced all
this. .General Jackson's appeals to the people
were appeals to brutal numbers. On these points
Mr. P. dwelt at length, and with great earnest-
ness. After dwelling on these subjects at some
length, he concluded.
Mr. UNDERWOOD obtained the floor, and
moved that the committee rise, which wasde--
cided in the negative—yeas 49, nays 87.
Mr."UNDERWOOD then proceeded to address
the committee on the subject of the surplus rev-
enue, the land bill, &c.    He went on to prove:
1.  That there was a surplus in the Treasury of
sufficient magnitude to j ustify a distribution of it.
2.  That a distribution thereof was constitu-
tional; and
3.  That it was consistent with policy that a
distribution of the surplus revenue should be
made.
