1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
On those points he dwelt at some length, and
on the first entered into a variety of statistical
d -ta 's i<"> show that a surplus now existed, and
would continue to accrue after the necessary
expenditures of the country had been made.
After proceeding for some time, Mr. U. gave
w.ty to Mr. LEWIS, who moved that the cora-
m'f.ec ns--, when the tellers reported—ayes 25,
noes 70; no quorum. The committee rose and
reported that fact to the House.
Mr. OUSHMAN  then moved a call of the
House.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. CAMBRELENG called for the yeas and
nay; which were ordered, and were as follows:
YF\S —Messrs. Chilton Allan, Bell. Borden, Bunch,
William B. Calhoun, George Chambers, Nathaniel H. Clai-
boc.ie, Cl.irk, Corwin, Deberry, Denny, Evans, Everett,
Grave?, Gjayson, Griilin, Hilaud Hall, Uazeltine, Howell,
llabl.'y, William Jackson, Lanier. Lay, Lewis, Sampson
Masoii. M"reer, Muhlenberg, Phillips, Pickens, Potts,
Ren-hcr. Augustine H. Shepperd. Shields, Spangler, Stan-
deter. Storer, Underwood, Vinton, White, and Wise—39.
NAYS—M?st.rs. A.lains. Heman Allen, Bean.Beaurnout,
Rouldin. Cover, Brizgs, Brown, Buchanan, Cambreleng,
Carr. Casey, Chan"y~ Chapman, John F. H. Claiborne,
Cleveland. Craig, Cramer, Cu-hwan, Diekersou, Double-
dav, Dromsoole. Dunlap, Farlau, French, Fry, Philo C.
Fuller, James Garland, Gillctt, Glascock, Granger, Grant-
Ian!. Ha!.;, Hannegan, Hawes, Henderson, Heister, Hop-
km*. Howard, Huntsm-m. Ingham. Jabez Jackson. Jams,
Joseph Johnson. Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson, Jud-
son, Kennon. Kusore, Lane, Lawrence, Gideon Lee,
Jo-hua Loo. Leonard. Lincoln. Ab.jah Mann, Job Mann,
'lw< Mi-oa, McKav. McKim. McLene, Miller, Mont-
gomery, Morgan, Owens. Paie, Parks, Patterson. Dutee J.
Pearce. Phelps. Joseph Reynolds. Roane, Russell, Schenck,
Seviuour, Sptight, Sprague, Sutherland, Thomas, John
Thomson, Toucey, Turner, W'a'J, Wardwell, Webster,
Elisha Whittlesey, and Sherrod Williams—87.
So the House refused to adjourn, and, a quo-
rum being present, again went into Committee of
the Whole.
After speaking some time, Mr. Underwood
gave way to a motion of Mr. ADAMS, that the
committee rise; which was decided in the nega-
tive—ayes 50, noes 71.
Mr. UNDERWOOD again resumed his re-
marks, and in a few minutes he gave way at the
request of
Mr WISE, who moved that the committee
rise.
The question was taken; and there appeared
—ayes 51, noes 54; no quorum voting.                  ;
The committee rose, and reported that fact to \
the House.                                                                   !
Mr. EVANS moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. CUSHMANa*ked for the yeasand nays;
which were  ordered, and were—yeas 66, nays
63; as follows:
YEAS — M.-:-srs. Adam', Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Ash. Biilei, Borden. Brer?!, Buchanan, Bunch, William
B. Calhoun. Carter, Gcorzf Chambers, Child , Nathaniel
H. Claiborne, Convin, Denny, Evans, Forester, Philo C.
Fu'.kr, Jauie-s Garland, Granar, Graves, Grennell, Hilaud
Hall, Haz"ltin«, Henderson, Hoar, Hopkins, Howell, Hub-
l y. Injcrsoll, Ingham, John W. Jones, Lawrence, Luke
Lea; Lincoln, Loyall, John Y. Mason, Sampson Mason,
Maun, MeComas, McKay, Morgan, Morris, Muhlenberg,
Pettizrew, Phelps, Phillips, Reed, Robertson, Shield-,
JvirK Spantrler, Ptandeter, Steele, Storer, Taliaferro,
TM' b>t>. ;roucev, Underwood, Webrter, White, Elisha
WiuKlesey. Lewis Williams, Hberrod Williams, and
Wu>e—60.
N'AYS — Messrs. Barton, Bean, Bovee, Boyd, Brown,
Cambrelcni, Carr, Casey, Chaney, Cleveland, Craig, Cra-
m«r. Ca=limnn. Dicker«on, Dromgoole, Fairfield, Farlin,
William K. Fuller, Gillett, Glascock, Grantland, Haley,
Josenh Hall, Hamer, Hannesan, Albert G. Harri¡>on,
Han'c-, Ha> nes, Heister, Hunt? inan, Jabez Jackson, Jarvis,
Jn .-ph John on. Cave John on, Kennon, Kilgorc, Kinnard,
Lane. Lansing. Gide<in Lee. Joshua Lee, Leonard, Logan,
I.u^as, Job Mann, William Mason, Moses Mason,McKini,
McLene, Miller, Montgomery, Page, Parks, Patterson,
Dut"? J- Pearce, Joseph Reynolds, Roane,Rogers, Russell,
S-ihon^k, Seymour, Sickle--, Speight, Sprague, Sutherland,
Taylor, John Thomson, Turner, and Wardwell—69.   .
The CHAIR stated that as there was a quorum
present, the House would again go into commit-
tee.
Mr. ADAMS moved a call of the House, and
asked for the yeas and nays on the motion; which
were ordered, and were—yeas 45, nays 95; as fol-
lows:
VEAS—Me «r«. Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Bailey, Borlan, William B* Calhoun, Carter, George
Chambers, Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Cleveland, Corwin,
Deberry, Denny, Evans, Everett, Granger, Grennell, Hiland
Hall, Hoar, Howell, Ingersoll, Jenifer,Lawrence,Lincoln,
Love, Sampson Mason, Miliigan, Morris, James A. Pierce,
Phillips, Pickens, Reed, Roane, Robertson, Slade, Spangler,
Steele, Storer, Taliaferro, Turner, Underwood, White,
Elisha Whittlesey, Lewis Williams, and Sherrod Wil-
liam —45.
NAYS—Messrs. Ash, Barton, Bean. Bovee, Boyd,Briggs, 1
Brown, Cambreleng,Campbell, Carr,Casey, Chaney, Craig, ■
Cramer, Cushman, Dickerson, Fairfield, Farlin, Forester,
French, Philo C. Fuller, William K. Fuller. Gnlhra'ith,
Gillet, Glascock, Grantland, Grayson, Haley, Joseph Hall,
Hamer, Hannesan, Hard, Albert G. Harrison, Hawes,
Hayncs, Ha/.t'lune, Heister, Hopkins, lluhley, Huntsman,
Ingham, J.ibex Jackson. Jarvis, Joseph Johnson, Cave John-
son, John W. Jones, Benjamin Jones, Kennon, Kilgore,
Knmaril, Lane. Lansing, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Luke
Lea, Leonard, Logan, Loyall, Lucas, Abij.ih Mann, Job
Matin, Martin, John Y. Mason, William Mason, Moses
Mason, Maury, McKay, McKim, McLene, Miller, Morgan,
Muhlenberg, Parks, Patterson, Dutee J. Pearce, Pettigrew,
Phelps, Joseph Reynolds, Rogers, Russell, Schenck, Sey-
mour, Shields, Sickles, Speight, Sprague, Standefer, Suth-
erland. Taylor, Thomas, Jolui Thomson, Toucey, Wagener,
and Wardwell—95.
So the motion for a call of the House was neg-
atived.
Mr. SUTHERLAND had voted twice against
an adjournment, and there seemed to be a determ-
ination to report the lull to the House that
evening. It was probable that this could not be
done; and he therefore moved to suspend the
rules, for the purpose of moving that this bill be
made the special order for to-morrow at ten
o'clock.
This would enable gentlemen to speak, and he
was willing, for this purpose, to continue in ses-
sion until the rising of the sun on Wednesday
morning, provided the subject should be then
disposed of.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, suggested that
the bill be taken up at eleven o 'clock in the morn-
ing.
Mr. SUTHERLAND had no objections to tliat
hour.
Mr. WISE asked for the yeas and nays on the
motion to suspend the rules; which were not or-
dered,and the motion was carried—ayes 110, noes I
19.                                                                                 I
Mr. SUTHERLAND then submitted his mo-
tion, that the fortification bill be made the special
order for eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, proposed ten
o'clock.
Mr. WISE inquired whether this was a debat-
able question ?
The CHAIR said it was not.
Mr. WISE then moved that the House adjourn;
which was negatived.
Mr. Garland's amendment was negatived; and
the motion of Mr. Sutherland was agreed to.
The House, then (at eight o'clock p. m.) ad-
journed.______________________
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, .Voy 24, 1836.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH presented the memo-
rial of the president and directors of the Union
Bank of Maryland, praying for the interference
of Congress to correct a mistake made in tran-
scribing the award of the commissioners under the
French treaty; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. EWING, of Ohio, the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of the trus-
tees of the University of Nashville.
Messrs. SWIFT and PRENTISS, from the
Committee on Claims, reported bills from the
House, without amendment.
Mr. BLACK, from the Committee on Private
! Land Claims, reported the bill for the relief of
the heirs of William Fisher, without amendment.
NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. McKEAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Revolted, That the Committee on the Post Office and
1 Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the propriety of
¡ establishinga post route between Liverpool, in Perry coun-
ty, and Mifflin, in Juniata county, in the State of Pennsyl-
i vania.
CREEK WAR.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, stated that he had
received information, on which the most perfect
reliance could be placed, that a great number of
individuals had been driven from their homes on
the Alabama side of the Chattahoochee river, by
the hostile Creek Indians, many of them having
families, being deprived of their all, and having
no means of sustaining themselves until the In-
dians can be put down, and the country restored
to a state of peace and quiet. It was not neces-
sary (Mr. K. said) to dwell on the scenes of
affliction which were now witnessed in that un-
happy country; nil they could now do was to ex-
tend to them such assistance as would enable
these unfortunate people to sustain nature until
their country could be restored to a state of peace
and quiet, and they reinstated in their homes.
He therefore asked leave to introduce a joint res-
olution authorizing the President of the United
States to cause rations to be issued from the pub-
lic stores to supply, for the present, thosjp suf-
ferers who have not the means of sustaining them-
selves and families.
He hoped that the resolution would be received
by unanimous consent, and that the rule of the
Senate requiring one day's previous notice would
be dispensed with. In a case of this nature,
(Mr. K. said,) even one day was of importance.
The resolution was then read twice, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
At a subsequent part of the day, the above
resolution having been reported correctly en-
grossed, was, on motion of Mr. K ,and by unan-
imous consent, read the third time and passed.
PRIVATE   BILLS.
The resolution submitted on Saturday by
Mr. Hubeabd, for setting apart the Fridays and
Saturdays of each week for the consideration
of private bills, was taken up for consideration;
and after a debate, in which Messrs. HUBBARD,
WEBSTER, CALHOUN, PORTER, NAU-
DAIN, LINN, and HENDRICKS, took part,
and an ineffectual motion to lay it on the table,
the resolution was rejected—ayes 13, noes 17.
HOUR OF MEETING.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the
Senate then took up and adopted the resolution
providing that the meetings of the Senate, for the
! remaider of the session, shall be at eleven o'clock
in the morning.
MARINE SCHOOL.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill appropriating $10,000 for
the establishment of a school at Boston, for the
education of boys intended for the maritime ser-
vice; which was read and ordered to a second
reading.
EXPENSES IN FLORIDA.
The bill providing payment for expenses in-
curred, and for supplies furnished for the volun-
¡ teers called out for the defense of Florida, was
| read the third time and passed.
I                  FRAUDS IN PUBLIC LANDS.
'.     On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the res-
' olution to provide payment for the persons em-
ployed in taking testimony under the resolution
of the Senate in relation to frauds on the public
lands was taken up and considered, and ordered
1 to be engrossed for a third reading.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
i- On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill making
. appropriations for the purchase of sites, the col-
lection of materials, and the commencement of
certain fortifications—the question being on Mr.
Benton's motion to strike out the appropriation
for Portsmouth, New Hampshire, and insert in
lieu thereof "for fortifications at Portsmouth,
New   Hampshire, #150,000 annually for two
y6Mr. HUBBARD addressed the Senate in a
speech of some length in favor of the motion;
!     After some remarks from Mr. WEBSTER, the
I question on the motion was decided m the affirm-
ative__yeas 17, nays 16; as follows:
VEAS-Messre. Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
u«¡n  Xf Illinois Grundy, kill, Hubbard, King of Alabama,
8SFSE2? ¿oSso/' Rugg.es,   Sh'epley, Tallmadge,
WNfYS-Me^8hB7ack, Calhoun, Crittenden, Davis,
Ewing of OMft Goldsborough, King of Georgia, Legh
Sim, Naudain, Prentiss. Preston, Bobbins, Tomlin
son, Webster, and White—16.
Mr PRESTON then moved to strike outthe
appropriation for Portsmouth, on the ground that
