494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
theiewireno estimates -uid surveys for fortifi-
cations at that htrbor, which motion vvas sup-
poited bv Messis CVLHOLIN, CRITTEN-
hr^\ PREDION, and FORTER, and opposed
bv m'-.s  HUBBVRD and BENTON.
Onta'uiu tliequtstion, Mr Preston s motion
w„s i0St—ujs 10, nays 2ó, as tollo  s.
\P\s_Mi--rs ( allioun. Crilteniieu, Evwii" ot Ohio,
Iv i di i. 'onn i. Leyh, Marijum, Moore, \audam, Pri_s-
tn      il Ul it!— '0
•^ \^_\|^ r- Bmton Broun Buchanan. Davis, Ewmg
ot 111 im«   Gokl-boroush. Grundv, Hendricks, Hill, Hub
bird   Ki is ot   \libann,  Linn, Morn-, Nichola-, Niles,
Tor t    Ui\e . Ro'ib n-, Uobin-nn, Rugólo-, Shepley, Tali-
inai','1   Tomlin on, Walker, Web-ter, and Wright—2i
Mi *BENTON moved further to amend the
bill, bv stnlun? out " for fortifications at Salem,
Massachusetts," and inserting " $75,000 per an-
num, for two years, for the same object.'
Mi DAVIS addressed the Senate in a speech
of some length, in opposition to the bill generally.
Mi NILES replied at some length in its sup-
port
After some further remarks fromMr. DAVIS,
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tiesdvy, May 24, 1836.
Mr ADAMS rose and remarked, that he had
asked theconsentof the House several days since,
to pcrmu him to offer two resolutions calling on
the President for infoimation. Hehad not been
successful; and he now asked the consent of the
House to submit the resolutions to which he had
referred, and also to permit him to state, in a few
w otds, the reasons which had induced him to
offpr them.
The resolutions were read for information, as
follows.
Rcsolaed, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, if not incompatible
«ith the public interest, copies of any overture made since
the 3d of March. 1829, by his authority, to the Government
of the United Mexican States, for the acquisition, by the
United State*, ot any portion of the Territories ot Mexico;
>nd copies ot all the correspondence between thetwoGov-
;rnments relating thereto, and upon any question of bound-
try existing between the Liuted States and Mexico
Rcsohed, That the President of the United States be re-
vested to communicate to this House, if not incompatible
with the public interest, a copy and translations of anvlaw,
Jecree, or ordinance of the Mexican Republic, abolishing
kaverv within the Territories thereof, which may be in pos-
lession of the executive department of the United States
Objection being made to their reception,
Mr. ADAMS renewed the request, that he
might be permitted to assign briefly the reasons
why he had proposed the resolutions.                      |
This was also objected to; when Mr. CHAM- '
BERS, of Kentucky, moved to suspend the rules, i
to enable the gentleman from Massachusetts to |
make the statement which he desired.                      |
Mr. HUNTSMAN inquired whether the ques- j
tion was divisible ' He would hear the gentleman
in reference to the first resolution; but not upon '
the second. He had no objection to the adoption
of the former resolution, and he had reason to
believe that the President would promptly give
the information desired by it.
The CHAIR said the proceeding was irregu-
lar, and that the motion was not divisible.
The motion of Mr. Chambers was then nega-
tived without a count.
Mr. ADAMS then moved to suspend the rules
to enable him to offer his resolutions, and asked
for the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, said,
as the motion was not now subject to amend-
ment, he wished to give notice, that if the rules
were suspended, and the resolutions submitted, he
would move to amend the first by inquiring also
of the Piesident the present condition of Texas,
its political organization, and his opinion of ihe
expediency of the recognition by this Govern-
ment of its independence.
Mr. HUNTSMAN hoped, if it was practica-
ble, that the motion to suspend the rules should
be taken separately on each resolution. He was
in favor of the first, but opposed to the second,
resolution. He had reason to knpw, and did
know, that the Piesident was ready to answerat
any moment.
Mr. ADAMS, in oider to accommodate the
gentleman,  would  vary  his   motion   so  as to
suspend the rules to enable him to offer the first
resolution.
The question was then taken; when there ap-
pear* J—yeas 82, nays 68, so the íules weie not
suspended, two thirds being necessary.
ABOLITION OF SLWERY.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of Mr. Pinck\ey, from the committee on
the subjer t of the abolition of slavery.
The immediate question pending was the mo-
tion of Mr. Robertsov to recommit the repoit
to the same committte with instructions to report
a resolution declaring that Congress has not the
powei to abolish slavery in the Distnct of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. ROBERTSON, who was entitled to the
floor, addressed the House in continuation of his
remarks. The portioti of Mr. R.'s speech in
brackets was delivered on Saturday Hst, but was
unavoidably crowded out of Monday's paper.
[Mr Speaker, I have said more than I had in-
tended on the preliminary grounds justifying the
submission of the resolution now under discus-
sion. I come now directly to the question in-
volved in it From all that has been said, it is
my fate, I fear, to address an unwilling auditory—
one, perhaps, that has already prejudged the ques-
tion. A very general impression, none can doubt,
exists among our fellow-citizens of the North,
that the abolition of slavery is clearly within the
constitutional power of Congress. Nothing is
moie natural. Born or raised under institutions
adverse to slavery, and under which it has, in
most cases, been^long abolished, they readily
adopt the opinion that it is lawful for every other
Government to do the same. It is natural, sir,
fcut not logical, that they should jump to this
conclusion, without nicely examining into its
grounds. It falls in with all their early habitudes
of thought, with their feelings, and, I may add,
what is still more difficult to encounter, with their
prejudices. They have probably in few instances
ever thought to inquire whether the provisions of
the Fedeial Constitution, which bear upon this
question, correspond with their own. Yet every
candid man will admit that this is the test by
which the proposition is to be tried. I have en-
deavored to examine into this matter with some
care, and think I may venture to say that while
there is, perhaps, not one of the northern States
whose fundamental law may not be reasonably
construed to give the power of abolrshing slavery
to the respective legislative bodies, they all of
them, in this particular, vary essentially from
that of the State of Virginia, and of the United
States, under both of which such power is denied
to exist. I do not entertain the vain hope of re-
moving the impressions or changing the opinion
of any gentleman on this floor. The powers of
a Chatham or a Cicero would in all probability
work no such effect. But we may nope, from
the interesting nature of the subject, that every
gentleman will examine fully into the reasons of
his belief, renounce it if his own reflections prove
to him that it rests upon fallacious principles; or,
if otherwise, show us the substantial grounds
upon which it can be maintained.
The reasons, Mr. Speaker, why the institutions
of the northern States admit or require the inter-
pretation I have mentioned must occur at once to
every one. In those States, during our revolu-
tionary struggle, slaves were comparatively few,
and the intention of abolishing slavery, if not
actually carried into effect, entertained in almost
all. It would have been absurd, therefore, in
framing their constitutions, to close the door to
abolition, or throw any serious obstacle in its
way. The reverse, however, was the case m the
South; and there it was íeasonable to expect the
fundamental law would be more guarded in pro-
tecting what was a most important interest in a
large proportion of the community. The fact, it
is believed, will be found in a great degree to cor-
respond with these views.
Look, sir, to the constitution of New Hamp-
shire. The clause which may be regarded as
beanng upon this point is a part of the twelfth
section of the bill of rights.    It is in these words: i
" Ever} member of the community ha  a ngl t to be pro
tected bv it in the enjoyment ot hie, libertv, and property; i
he is therefore bound to contribute his share in the ex-
pense of euch protection, and to yield Ins personal service, I
when necessary, oran equivalent; but no part of a man's
property shall be taken from him, or applied to public u^es,
without his own consent, or that ot the representative
body of the pcop'e "
Provisions nearly, or precisely similar, are to
be found in the bill of rights of Massachusetts,
section ten, of Delawaie, mixtion ten, of Veimont,
section ten The constitutions, moicovci, of
each of these States conft i ample powei on its
legislative body to pass all laws for the good and
icelfaie of the Commonwealth, not repugnant to
the Constitution itself. (Constitution Ne w Hamp-
shire, constitution Massachusetts, article foui;
constitution Veimont, section two.) Taking
these provisions togethei, it may be fanly con-
tended that theie is full authority to take away
private property, whether wanted for public use
or otherwise, whenever, in the opinion of the Le-
gislature, the measure would conduce to the "good
and welfare " of the Commonwealth.
Rliode Islund derived her institutions from King
Charles the Second, of blessed memory, and still
reposes under the protection of the royal charter.
That charter gave to the Governor and com-
pany authority to pass all laws as to them might
seem meet for the "good and welfare" of the said
company, Sfc, so as such laics be not contrary and
repugnant to the laws of England; and as slavery
was an institution not recognized by the laws of
England, whatever doubts may exist of the right
to establish it in Rhode Island, none can possibly
exist as to the right to abolish it.
In Neto York, the old constitution of 1777 gave,
if possible, still greater latitude. It vested the
supreme, not merely exclusive, legislative power
in two bodies; it contained no direct provision,
as far as I have seen, protecting private property
from seizure, except what is contained in the
thirteenth section, which declares " that no mem-
ber of this State shall be disfranchised or de-
prived of any of the rights or privileges secwed
to the subjects of this State by this constitution,
unless by the law of the land, or the judgment of
his peeis " Thus, then, in New York, not only
was the right of the citizen in his property not
secured by any constitutional provision, but even
if it was, it might at any time be wrested from
him by any " law of the land" passed by the
supreme legislative power—supreme indeed, since
it might abrogate the Constitution itself.
Nor do I find in the constitution of Mew Jersey
any recognition of the inviolability of private prop-
erty. The Legislature is clothed with power
simply "to pass laws." The common law of
England is declared to be in force; and it follows,
consequently, that the Legislature might, (as the
omnipotent Parliament of Great Britain might,)
under the common law, and in the absence of any
restrictive clause, exercise the power of abolish-
ing slavery.
Pennsylvania, it is known, passed a law abol-
ishing slavery as early as 1780. I have already
shown that the right to do so existed under sim-
ilar provisions to those which existed in the in-
stitutions of New Hampshne and other northern
and eastern States.
Mr Speaker, in proceeding with the examina-
tion of the constitutional question involved in the
resolution before the House, I shall enter into no
discussion of what the venerable member from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] tauntingly terms
the sublime merits of slavery; and which, sir,
permit me to say, whatever they may be, are
not perhaps greatly excelled by the sublime mer-
its of modern abolitionism. Ñor will I bestow
a moment's attention upon the resolution of the
select committee, denying the right of Congress
tointeifeie with slavery in the States. I have
never considered these questions proper to be de-
bated in this Hall. I voted against the íeference
of the last, with instructions to report upon it,
because such reference seemed to imply a doubt
respecting rights held by a title paramount to the
authority of Congicss, and too firmly settled to
receive any additional strength from its conces-
sions. Should the House determine, however,
that the question shall be put upon that resolu-
tion, I may ftel compelled to vote for it, rather
than deny what I insist is self-evident.
The question before us, Mr. Speaker, is one
that admits of little play of the fancy, and rejects
even, if it were in my power to command them,
