1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
all rlutoncnl ornaments. It is a dry question of |
oon-attutional law, and I fear, from its nature,
honiMi a! must acknowledge its intrinsic ím-
por an e. lit li calculated to attract the attention
oí un but gentW.nun aecustomtd to legal in\es-
ti.r\ti 'us
1 endeavored to show, when last addressing
tlii House, the piouabihty of a stiong bias on
ii muni-* ot noiihtrn gt ntleraen, produced by
t h r o« n peuiliu institutions and ftelings The
pi ov imoiis of tin ir fundann tUtil law s weie show n
to bi suth as to w arrant, undt r a reasonable con-
struction, the abolition of slavery. In this
i iKinu latió i, Coiuifcficuf was omitted. That
Sta.e, like Rlu>ile Island, remained duringourrev-
otutionaiv struggle tinder the regulations of a
inarurgr uued by Charles the Second. She never
formed aionstitutionuil the year 1818. By apro-
\ ísion of her bill of rights adopted in 1784, section
2, it was declared that " no man's goods should
be taken unless clearly warranted by law." All
that was necessary to justify the taking of them
was to pass a law to that effect, and the royal
charter gave full authority to pass all laws not
contrary to the laws of England Now, as slavery
Itselt was contrary to the laws of England, there
was no doubt of the power to abolish it. Anact
Ji-coidiiijlv for its gradual abolition was passed
in 17b4, and it ceased, probably, to exist before
th " E>dop-ion of the d w constitution.
It would be tedious, and unnecessary to the
purpose of niv argument, to enumerate in detail
ine v irious provisions m the constitutions of
tliose States where slavery still exists It is
enough to sav, in general, that .Maryland, A'oriA
Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee, in ícfer-
ence to the security of private rights, adopted,
with perhaps slight modifications, the pioviMons
of the 29 th chapter of *Va$naCharta   (9 Hen. III.)
In Kcntuc'ry, the emancipation of slaves, with-
out the consent of their owners, was expressly
prohibited by the ninth article of her constitution.
I irginia also, in her bill of rights, inserted the
prov ísions of the twenty-ninth chapter of Magna
Charta, and in regard to private property used a
phraseology varying from those in the other
States, a'ready commented on.
In the sixth article, the language in respect to
tins subject is this: "AH men having sufficient
evidence of pei manent common interest with, and
attachment to the community, have the right of
suffrage, and cannot be taxed or deprived of then-
property for public uses without their own con-
sent, or that of their Representatives so elected;"
and closely resembles that adopted in the Consti-
tution of the United States, to which alone we
must refer to ascertain the extent of our authority.
In the fifth article of the Amendments to the Fed-
eral Constitution are these words:
'* Nor snail private property be taken for public ute with-
out just compensation "
Wlmisthejustinterpretationof this provision?
Is it not obviously this' Prívale property may be
taken Jor public use, and when so taken, must be
paid Jor. This construction is, indeed, substan-
tially maintained in the report of the select com-
mittee:
'■ The true meaning [savs the report, p 15] of this pro-
vision obviou lv is, that private property shall be taken only
lor public u-e, but ¡.hall not be taken even then without
adequate remuneration   '
It is impossible to deny this without perverting
the forms from their ordinary signification. To
foand a claim for taking pm ate property, it must
be wanted for the public use. No learned lawyer
need be consulted to give the true meaning of this
simple language. "V ou can have it expounded
without difficulty by the plainest farmer or me-
chanic of the country. Can it be pretended that
those who framed the Constitution could be
ignorant of the import oí the terms they em-
ployed '. No attempt can be successfully made
to confetiue these terms as conferring a right on
Congress to seize upon private property, when-
ever they may suppose the public good, the general
welfare require it. No expression can be found
jus'ly warranting so bold a proposition. The
men of hbtral and enlaiged views who framed I
the provision would never have consented to
such a grant of power, which would, indeed,
authorize the invasion of private property at the
mere will and discretion of Congress.   They
designed that it should be held sacred and inviol-
able by the Government, unless it was necessary
to appropriate it to the exigencies of the public.
When that was the case, and then only, could it
be touched. Should land be wanted for an en-
campment, it may be lawfully occupied, slaves,
servants, and horses, munitions of war, provi-
sions, may b< impressed when the country
requires them for its own uses or necessities,but
for no other purpose. You cannot take the prop-
erty of one man to bestow upon another, still
less can you confiscate it under a pretext of the
general welfare, noi under an authonty to use it,
rendtr it absoluttly incapable, as property, of
any future use whatever. Such is the necessary
effect of abolition. In this \iew, Congress has
no more right to effect it under the Constitution,
than to confiscate a merchant's goods and tlnow
them into the Potomac, or to waste and destroy
his lands, or turn them out as a common.
If you can do all this in the District, it is
because you interpiet the words public use as of
the import with public good, or general welfare.
This doctrine of the geneVal welfare breaks down
all limitations of power. When, sir, would this
construction stop ' The clause in question was
not designed solely for the protection of this Dis-
trict. If by this forced construction Congress
can seize upon the slaves of the District, what is
to prevent it fiom stretching its arm across the
ten miles square, and seizing upon those in the
States' If you may confiscate that piopeity in
the Distuct upon the plea of the general welfare,
constitutionally, may you not, with still greater
propi lety, use that power to remove the supposed
evil existing in the State on so much more ex-
tensive a scale ' The inference cannot be resisted.
Human ingenuity cannot assign a solid reason
for expounding the clause in question so as to
protect the citizens of the States, and yet to leave
those of the District exposed.
An attempt, however, has been made to found
a distinction in this respect by calling in aid that
provision of the Constitution which gives to
Congress the right to exercise exclusiie legislation
over the District Exclusive legislation for what'
For all purposes' No, sir. For all lawful and
constitutional purposes, for no others. You can-
not break over the limits of the Constitution
within the District more than in the States.
The claims of our citizens to its protection are
not forfeited within the magic cncle of the ten
miles square Can Congi ess establish a national
church in the District of Columbia? put down the
press ' suppress the liberty of speech' oi take
away the trial by jury' No man will assert this,
yet these infractions of the rights of the citizens
are prohibited by no higher authority than that
which forbids the Government fiom laying its
hands upon private property, unless for the use
of the public. I call upon gentlemen to show, if
they can, any solid reason for the distinction
Mr. CAMBRELENG remarked that there
were two bills upon the table from the Senate,
which he moved be read by their titles, and re-
feired previous to going into committee on the
fortification bill.
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, hoped the bill
from the Senate to distribute the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands would also be taken up
and referred.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said that the bill to
which the gentleman r< fened had been debated
several days, and would probably elicit further
discussion. He therefore could not consent to
take it up to the exclusion of the special order.
The motion to refer the two bills mentioned by
Mr. Cambreleng was objected to.
Mr. ALLAN then moved to suspend the rule,
in order to take up the land bill, and asked for
the yeas and nays. He gave notice that he would
make a similar motion every morning for the re-
mainder of the session, unless the bill was dis-
posed of. Gentlemen should not dodge the ques-
tion if he could prevent it.
Mr. CAMBRELENG had no desire whatever
to dodge the question.
The motion to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose stated was then negatived,as follows:
YEAS—Mesera. Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Anthony, Bailey, Buchanan. William B. Calhoun, Camp-
bell, Carter, George Chamber , John Chambers, Childs,
Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Clark, Connor, Crane, Cushing,
Deberry, Denny, Everett, French, Granger, Graves, Gren-
nell, Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, Harper, Samuel S Harri-
son, Henderson, llcister, Howell, Ingcr oll, William Jack-
son, Henry Johnson, Lane, Lay, Luke Lt a, Lincoln, S..mp-
son Mason, McCarty, McConias, Mckav, Mokennan,
Mercer, Monteonurv, Morris, Parker, James \ Pence,
Pettigrew, Phillips, Pickens, Potts, Reed, Rcncher Rus-
sell. William B ¡Sliepard, Augustine II Slieppeid, Slide,
Spongier, Standelcr, Steele, Storer, Palialerro, Waddy
Thompson, Turner, I'ndeivvood, Vinton, White, Lewi 
V\ illi-im-, Sherrod Williams, and VVi-i'—73
NWS —Messrs A^h, B irton. Bean, Beaumont. Bockee,
Boon, Borden, Bouldin, Bovee, Briggs, Brown. Cambre-
leng, Carr,Cisey,Chaney, Chapman,JolinT H Cluuorne,
Cleveland, Coles, Cramer, Cu-hman, Dicker-on, Double-
daj, Droingoole, Dunlap, Tairflcld, Farlm Frv, Piulo C
Fuller, William lv Fuller, Galbraith, James Garland, Gillut,
Glascock, Grantland, Hale}, Hamer, Hannegan, H lives,
Hd}nes, Hazclnne, Hoar, Holaey, Hopkins, Howard,
Huntsman, Ingham, Jabez Jack on, Jarvis, Joseph John-
son, Richard M Johnson, Cave Johnson, John W Jones,
Benjamin Jones, Judson, Keimon, kilgorc, Lansing,
Laporte. Lawler, Lawrence, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee,
Leonard, Lewis, Logan, Lojall, Ljon, Abijali Mann, Job
Mann, Martin, Wiliam Mason, Most-, Ma-oa, Mav, Mc
Keon, Mekim, McLtne Miller, Muhlenberg, Owens,
Parks, Patterson, Patton, Franklin Pierce, Dutee J Pearee,
Phelp , Pinckncy, John Reynolds, Joseph Reynold , Ripley,
Roane, Roger-, Schcnek, Sej mour, Sickles, Smith, Speight,
Sprague, Sutherland, Taj lor, Thomas, John Thomson,
Touci j, Turnll, V\ agener, Ward well, Web ter, and Eli-ha
Whittlesey—108
FORTIFICATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, and in
further execution of the special order of the 26th
of Januaiy, the House resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Mann, of New York, in the chan,) and re-
resumed the consideiation of the bill making ap-
propriations for certain fortifications of the United
States for the year 1836
The question pending being on the motion of
Mr. Cambreleng to amend the bill by inseiting
an item of $700,000 foi the armament of the foi-
tifications, and the amendment of Mr Mfrcer
thereto, "authorizing the Presidc.it of the United
States to expend so much of said sum cs lie may
deem expedient for the puipose of establishing a
national foundeiy foi cannon "
Mi. UNDERWOOD resumed his íemarks on
the subject of the distribution of the surplus íev-
enue and the various topics heietofore brought
into the discussion He commenced by advert-
ing to what is called the wne-diawn distinctions
between what was considered to be,or" -vetoed"
to be, national, and what was not. Tor instance,
the Cumberland road, costing millions, was a
national work, whereas the Maysville road, cost-
ing a few hundred thousand dolíais, was not na-
tional. The same nice and wire-drawn distinctions
weie carried out and applied in reference to im-
pío vements in the navigation of livers. He then
entered into a review of the principles and details
of the land scheme, showing that for puiposes of
education, seats of government, &c , the new
States had already received no ¡ess than thirteen
millions and a half of acies of ¡and, which at the
the minimum price would amount to about
$17,000,000 Adding thereto the $5,000,000 ex-
pended on the Cumberland road, the new States
had in all received, directly from the General
Government, upwards of $22,000,000 Yet, not
content with tins, they weie still askingformore,
and were opposing every measure by winch the
old States were to have any paiticipation in this
common fund ausing fiom the pioceeds of the
sales of the public lands He then entered at
large into the impoitant advantages resulting from
woiks of internal improvement, in facilitating
communication from one point to another, and
cited a letter of General Jesup on the importance
of canals for the tiansmihsion of men and mili-
tary stores.
Mr. U. contended that the Government had
acted injudiciously in abandoning and repudiating
the principle of holding stocks, both m point o{
efficiency and economy, and alluded to the case
of the Bank of the Commonwealth of Kcrtucky
in support of his argument. He referred to flie
various projects contained in the present bill for
the purchase of sites for new fortifications, in
other bills for the erection of custom-houses, the
plan for a new Treasury building, &c , the object
of all of which was to squander the public money,
and augment executive patronage. He then
reviewed the prefect to reduce and.gradúa te the
price of the public lands, which he maintained
