496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24.
was unconstitutional, unjust, and partial, inas-
much a* it was for the benefit of the agricultural
olajes alono, to the exclusion of all the others;
ami. moreover, it was proposing a donation by
«■;'\in(r the actual settler the difference between
the sum paid and the real value of the land. It
would also be holding out greater inducements to
speculators and capitalists to hunt up and hire
emigrants and foreigners to settle upon the public
lands for the benefit of their employers. He was
assured, that it would result in making the rich
richer, produce a total absorption of the public
domain in the hands of capitalists, and be of no
benefit to the poor and industrious man; but, on
the contrary, would render him the creature of
his employer. That measure would produce one
general system of fraud. In opposition to this
measure lie dwelt at length, contending that it
would be unjust, if practicable, but that it was
also impracticable. The time had not come when
it was necessary to graduate the price of the pub-
lic lands. If nothing was left but pine barrens
and flints, he would have no objection to graduate
their price; but so long as we had good lands to
dispose of, he was convinced the best, the most
judicious, and the only just plan was to dispose
of them to the highest bidder. He disclaimed all
desire to connect this important measure with the
subject of President-making, or with any other
of the little petty squabbles of the day. He hoped
a matter of such grave consideration would be
discussed apart from such disputes.
He repudiated the idea that the situation of the
country demanded a large expenditure for the pur-
poses of defense,by contrasting the present condi-
tion of the country with that of former periods of
our history. In 1811, on the eve of a war with
the most powerful nation of the globe, in a naval
point of view, we had a revenue of $13,00fjjt)00;
it is now more than double that amount. In 1811,
our population was a little over seven millions.
At present it might be safely estimated at eighteen
millions. In 1811 we were burdened with a pub-
lic debt of upwards of $45,000,000. In 1836 not
only have we no public debt, but a large accruing
surplus. In 1811 our Navy consisted of fifteen
vessels in commission, viz: five frigates, eight
sloops, and two schooners, with no ship of the
line, and 348 guns; in ordinary we had five worn-
out vessels, with 172 guns. Total, 20 vessels,
and 520 guns.
In 1836, according to the information furnished
by the proper Department, we had in commission
one ship of 74 guns, four frigates of 44 guns, nine
«loops of 18 guns; in ordinary, five ships of the
line, four frigates, five sloops, and one schooner;
being a total in commission of nineteen vessels of '
war, mounting 472 guns, and in ordinary fifteen j
vessels, with 648 guns; making, in 1811, twenty
vessels, and 520 guns; while, in 1836, we had i
thirty-four vessels, and 1,120 guns, without enu- '
merating those now on the stocks, being five ships
of the line, seven frigates of 44 guns each, and
one steam war vessel.    He then drew a contrast
of the numbers of militia between the two periods,
the  state and  number of the fortifications, the ,
resources and condition of the country, to show ]
that there was no cause of alarm in case of attack
by any foreign Power.
Mr. U. then reviewed many of the arguments
urged by gentlemen who had preceded him in
the debate,  especially of one of the gentlemen
from New York, [Mr. Mann,] and the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Pickens.]   He
expressed his regret that the  latter gentleman
should have broached and advocated the doctrine
of nullification.   Mr. U. maintained that General
Jackson was a great supporter of that doctrine,
except when South Carolina was not concerned,
though he once wrote a complimentary letter to
Governor Haynes, and franked that gentleman's
speech all over the country as an exposition of
hi# own principles.    General Jackson had gone
" up to the hub" in nullification, when Georgia
was concerned, and he had again and again set
at defiance all the treaties made there with the
unfortunate Indians.    Mr. U. then entered into
an examination of the causes of the Indian war,
and ascribed them to the conduct of their white
neighbors.    He had no doubt that the Seminole
war was brought on only by the imprisonment and ¡
cruel treatment of Osceola.                                    I
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, then obtained the
floor, and expressed a wish to offer an amend- |
me nt.
The CHAIR said no amendment would be in
order until the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Mercer,] to the amendment of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cambre-
leng,] was first disposed of.
Mr. MERCER then withdrew his amendment
to enable the gentleman from Kentucky to sub-
mit his proposition.
Mr. ALLAN then moved, as an amendment,
an additional section to the bill of great length,
the substance of which was as follows: A general
reduction of salaries of officers of the Govern-
ment. To the Vice President of the United States,
$4,000; to each of the Secretaries of State, Treas-
ury, War,and Nayy, $4,000; to the Attorney Gen-
eral, $3,000; to the Postmaster General, $4,000;
to each of the Assistant Postmasters General,
§1,800; to each of the Comptrollers of the Treas-
ury, $2,000; to the Solicitor of the Treasury,
$2,000; to the Register of the Treasury, $2,000; to
the Treasurer, $2,000; to'the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, $2,000; to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, $2,000; and twenty-five per
cent, per annum to be deducted from the compen-
sation of all the clerks in the different Depart-
ments, so that no reduction reduce the salary
below 4*800 a year. From the compensation of all
the officers of the customs twenty-five per cent.,
with sundry restrictions as to the amount of their
salaries. That members of, and delegates to,
Congress shall receive six dollars per day, and
six dollars for every twenty miles' travel. To
the Secretary of the Senate, and Clerk of the
House of Representatives, $2,000; and a deduc-
tion of twenty-five per cent, from the salaries of
their clerks. And that after the present term
the salary of the President of the United States
shall be $15,000 per annum: providing, also, that
the custom-house at New York should not cost
over the sum of $500,000.
Mr. ANTHONY inquired if the amendment
was in order ?
The CHAIR decided that it was not.    The
subject of the proposition was not embraced in
the order of the 26th of January; and it was also
out of order on another ground, because it did not
appertain to the subject then under consideration.
Mr. ALLAN then proceeded to address the
( committee at length on the subject of his amend-
ment, as well as on the various subjects brought
out in the discussions of the present and the last
i session.    He adverted to the conduct of the Pres-
' ident of the United States, who, upon an unde-
! fined appropriation of $600,000 for the construc-
tion of a bridge  across  the  Potomac, thought
himself justified in entering into a contract that
would have involved an expenditure of upwards
of $4,700,000 at least.    Fortunately for the coun-
j try, the fact came to the knowledge of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Mercer,] and the result
of his vigilance had been the present good, sub-
stantial, and sufficient bridge, costing a trifle over
$100,000.   This was, or was likely to be, one of
the evils produced by the operation of the pre-
vious question cutting off all amendments to bills.
He adduced the original appropriation for the
erection of a custom-house at New York, as
another proof of the evil of cutting off amend-
ments, provisoes, or limitations to, and making
undefined appropriations.   The original bill pro-
posed $200,000 for the erection of that building,
, and every one thought that sum to be all that
I would be necessary; but the next session $300,000
more was asked for and voted, and again $300,000
more.    He entered into a minute statement on
this subject, and  produced the correspondence
between himself and the Secretary of the Treas-
¡ ury on the subject.
Mr. A. then proceeded to reply to the argu-
ments of the various gentlemen who had here-
tofore spoken, particularly Messrs. Cambreleng,
French,  and  Garland of Virginia.     He   re-
viewed at length the measures of the  present
; Administration,  since  the  election  of General
| Jackson, with regard to internal improvements
i and Indian treaties.    He condemned the course
j in relation to the latter, the effect of which was
j beginning to be developed in Florida, and among ¡
| the Creeks.     He asked   his colleague,   [Mr. '
French,] how had he been seconded by his
party in that House? His colleague had moved
to take up the bill providing lor the old soldiers.
His party refused to second him. His party
had gone so far as to treat the solemn resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Kentucky with
contempt, by laying them on the table. His col-
league was specially charged to get an appro-
priation for the road from the mouth of Big
Sandy; would his party aid him? Mr. A. was
sure they would not. Although they had voted
away twenty millions for other objects, his col-
league would fail to get their votes for a great
work in which his whole State was interested.
Mr. A. then went at large, into the subject of
his amendment.    He avowed himself to be an
advocate of a strong Executive, but still he would
bring down all the Federal salaries, from the high-
est to  the lowest, to a level with  those in  the
States.    What a contrast was presented by the
present Federal officers and their splendid palaces,
and the moderation and simplicity of the days
of Washington  and Franklin!   The President
of the United States received an annual salary
amounting to as much as the salaries of the Gov-
ernors of sixteen States in the Union.    It was
the high salaries paid to the Government officers,
i together with the combination of their power,
that had, in a great measure, brought on the
present corrupt situation of the country—in the
words of the gentleman from New York, " a
general national gambling-house."    He adverted
to the present mode of keeping the public mon-
eys, with about one hundred millions  directly
and indirectly distributed over the country among
a variety of small banks.   The people had now
no control over their money; ana all inquiry into
it had been again and again refused to their rep-
, rcsentatives.    Take this immense power, com-
i bined with the power of the Government presses
throughout  the   country, both  of which  would
naturally be on the side of power, and well might
it be said that the liberties of the people were in
danger.    He wanted  to see the press  and  the
Treasury both disconnected from the Executive.
After dwelling upon these topics for some time,
Mr. A. concluded.
Mr. CARTER then obtained the floor. He said
it was not originally his intention to have said a
word on the subject of the bill under consideration,
but the recent course of the House on the subject
of another bill, in which his constituents  were
deeply and vitally interested, warned him that this
was probably the only opportunity that would be
afforded him during the present session, of dis-
cussing the merits of that proposition, the "land
bill."   After a cursory review of the subject of
the bill under debate, Mr. C. went at length into
the principles of the former measure.
When Mr. C. concluded his remarks,
Mr. INGERSOLL obtained the floor, but gave
, way to
Mr. GRAVES, who moved that the commit-
tee rise; which was decided in the negative—ayes
30, noes 82. No quorum voting, a second court
was had when there appeared—ayes 25, noes 103.
So the committee refused to rise; and a quorum
being present,
Mr. INGERSOLL proceeded to address the
House at length on the subject of the public rev-
' enue, and in favor of the distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands among the States; a
measure which, he contended, was of paramount
importance and utility. Mr. I. went on to say
that he was in favor of a large increase of our
naval force, and of appropriating as much for the
defenses of the country as could be judiciously
expended within the current year.
The discussion was further continued at length
by Mr. HALL of Vermont, Mr. BEAUMONT,
and Mr. JENIFER.
Mr. EVERETT then moved to amend the
amendmennt pending for $700,000 for the arma-
ment of the fortifications, by reducing the sum to
$300,000; which, after some remarks by Messrs.
CAMBRELENG, WISE, MERCER, and
PHILLIPS, was lost.
Mr. GRANGER moved to reduce the sum to
$500,000; which was lost.
The amendment was then agreed to.
-Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, then moved a variety of amend-
