THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
BV BLAIR &. RIVES.
Tir^t St ssiov, 24th Congress.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1, 1826.
Volume .1....No. 32.
merits to the bill: others were also moved by other
p ntlemi>n, some of" which were agreed, to and
other  rvjteted. The details of all of which will
be given when the consideration of the bill and
amendments comes up in the House.
At about half past twelve o'clock the committee
rose and reported the bill and amendments to the
House, and they were ordered to be printed.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Mat) 25, 1836.
Mr. McKEAN   presented the  memorial of
sundiy citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against the admission of Arkansas into the Union
as a slave State; which was laid on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TALLMADGE, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported without amendment the bill
fur the r- li- f of Henry Flicker.
Mr. Tü.vlLINSON, from the same committee,
rf ported the bill for the relief of James Taylor,
ttil'iou! amendment.
Mi. LINN, fioni the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported without amendment sev-
er.tJ bills that had been íeferred to that commit-
tee.
MARINE CORPS.
Mr. ROBBINS asked and obtained leave to
introduce a joint resolution to au'honze the offi-
cers of the Marine Corps, while engaged in actual
service, to receive the allowances to which they
sre entitled by the act of June 30, 1834; which
was read twice and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
LOUISWLLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Ttic bill to authorize the parchase, on the part
of the United States, of the private slock in the
Louisville and Portland Canal, was taken up as
the general order.
Mr. HEVDRICKSand Mr. CRITTENDEN
severally addressed the Senate in support of the
bill; after which
Mr. HENDRICKS moved to amend it by pro-
Tiding that the stock may be purchased at a
price not exceeding twelve and a half per cent,
shove par value instead of at par.
Mr. WALKER opposed the amendment. He
would gladly support any measure calculated to
r-ln-ve the commerce of the West from the burdens
mposed on it by the extravagant tolls of this
rand; but he could not, consistently with his
vifws of the Constitution, vote for a measure
* hich would make the United States joint partners
in a stock company, and a collector of tolls. He
newed thu as a revi\al of the system of internal
lT^irovements in its worst form; and it was, in
his opinion, equally objectionable for the United
Stales to collect tolls at the locks of a canal as at
the gates of the Cumberland road.
Mr. BENTON spoke in favor of the amend-
ment; showing the great importance of purchas-
ing out this slock to relieve the commerce of the
western cities from the injurious burdens now
mposed on it. Mr. H. spoke of the tolls on this
cañal as being now double as much as they were
a; the commencement, and said that they were so
extravagant that he regarded them more as a fine,
or a penalty on the boits for passing the canal,
than as an ordinary toll Boats, he said, in some
instances, pay as much in a year for tolls as the
whole amount of their cost, and sometimes more
than the amount of profit divided among the
stockholders; while the extravagant charge  on
flat-boats and keel-boats were such that the
rouo-h boarding put up at their sides to keep in
thefoose articles, were calculated as being part
of their tonnage, thus charging thirty or forty
dollars toll on a common flat-boat.
Messrs. EWING of Ohio, HENDRICKS,
and CRITTENDEN, also addressed the Senate
in faror of the amendment; after which the que -
32
tion on the amendment was taken, and lost by
the following vote:
YEtS-Me r«. Benton, Crittenden, Dave-, Twin? of
Illiiioi-, Ewmg of Ohio, GoW-borough. Ilendnek-, Kent,
Linn, Moms Naudain, Nicuolss, Poner, Robinson, and
Webster—15.
if AYS—Messrs. Black, Brown, Calhoun, Grundy, Hill,
Hubbard, King of Alabama. Kins of Georgia, Leigh, Me
Kean, Man-rum, Moore, Nik-s. Rives, Uug«te«, Shepley,
Swill, Tallmadge, TomUnson, Walker, White, and Wright
Mr. CRITETNDENthen moved to amend the
bill by striking out the proviso in the first section,
which is in the following words:
Provided, That so much of said stock can be procured
>t par value, within the present year, as will give the United
States the control of the company.                                    i
And also the second and third sections of the
bill, which read as follows:
Sec. 8. Jnd he it further enacted. That if it he found
impracticable to purchase the stock agreeable to the fore
going -ection ot this act, then the Secretarj oi tlie Trea-ury
I  hereby authonz d to -eli Uie Unilcd State-, stock to said
company ai mirket price, not Irlow par valu".
Sec. 3. Andbt it farther euuclet, Tint the Secretary of
the Treasury shall vote lor the president and directors of
suj company, according to such number ol sitare* a  shall
b Ions to the I'mted States at the Inn "of sivinj^uch vote;
and to rec.'ive upon «aid «tock th™ proportion or the toll-
which shall from tune to time be due to he Tinted States.
And to insert, at the end of the first proviso,
that the price of the stock shnll not be mor- than
twelve and a half per cent, above the par value.
Aft'T snmc remarks from Mis.irs. LINN and
WALKER,
Mr. BENTON thought a majority could g>
for it if a little lime were allowed  to regulate its
details.    He wished, therefore, that it might lay
over until to-morrow morning.    This was one
thing he was in favor of.    He was informed that
the tolls were doubled, and he was in f.i\or of a
reduction of them. They wore enormous at first;
and they were now no iongi r tolls, but a fine—<i
penalty—a penalty on those who went through.
Owners of boats had shown him how enormous
the amount was.   There were boats that had, in
two or three years, paid as much toll as the ori-
ginal amount of the cost of the boats themselves;
and loose boats that were used to keep the load-
ing in were actually charged as tonnage m weigh-
ing the boats.    He wished to o'jv.nte the impo-
sition as far as the United States was concer.ied.
Mr.  BENTON concluded by suggesting the
following as an amendment:
" And rrom and after the pis-ing of tins act, no toll shall
be collected on an) stock owned by the United States ui
the said canal."
'    After some remarks from Messrs. WEBSTER,
WALKER, HENDRICKS, and CRITTER
, DEN,
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, suggested that it would
be better to lay the bill over until the next day,
that gentlemen might, in the mean time, consider
what 3hape it would be best to give it, in order
i to procure its passage.
The bill was accordingly postponed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Treasury Department, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate, submitted by Mr. EwiNG.of Ohio,
containing a statement relative to the transfer of
public moneys from certain Ohio banks to banks
east of the AUeghanies; which was ordered to be
printed.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the *jrpediency of e«tabli-r>ing ports of entry
at Vicksburg and Grand Gull, In the State of Mississippi-
Mr. ROBINSON submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered, and agreed to:
Retohti, That the Committee on the Po-t Office and
Po-t Road* be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail rout* from BsllevilU to Pinckueyville,
in lb  State of Illinois.
Mr. WHITE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and agreed tu:
Rcsolred, That the Committee o i Military Afi nr- b • m-
strn. ted to inquirí' mtn tile i \p 'ili-nc\ o" proc u ing a ite
and building an arsenal at or nearMcn'iphu, m the State of
Tennessee.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po t Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expcdicncj of
establishing a po=t road from Rochester, through the towns
upon the canal, to Buffilo, in the State of New Yo' k; and
also, a pot road from Sand Bank , in theennntvo. 0 wego,
to Mann<ville, in the county of Jefferson, in thJ State of
New York.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, introduced a bill providing for the
increase of the medical staff of the Army; which
was read, and ordered to a second rending.
TORTIFICATIuN BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the pur-
chase of si'.es, the collection of m iterials, and
the commencement of certain fortifications, was
taken up; the question being on Mr. Benton's
motion to strike out $100,000 for fortifiations for
Salem, Massachusetts, and insert "for lornfica-
tions at Salem, Massachusetts, >75,000 annually
for two years."
Mr. WEBSTER addressed the Senate in op-
position to the system of making appropriations
in advance; after which the question was taken,
and the amendment was rejected by the following
vote:
YEAS—Mew.   Denton, Ruchanan, Cut!ib"it, Eiving
of   lilinoi-,   Grundy, Hill,   llubhjid,   King ol   Alabama,
Linn, Nicholson, Hive-*, Itobin on, Uugglea, Slioplu , Tali
inalge, Walker, a.id Winjlil—17.
NAYS —Me-sr-.   Black,   Calhoun, Crittenden, Daw-,
Ewing ot  Ohio, Gold-borough. Ilend.icks, Kent, King ot
Georgia, Leigh, Mclvean, Mangum, Moore, Naudai.i. Po.
ter, Prentiss,   Kobbms,  bwiit, Toinluison,  Webstei, aid
White—21.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the bill was fur-
ther amended by increasing the appiDonations
for fortificitionsat Fethrral Point,North Carolina,
from &12,tM)0 to $ 18,000, and for fortifications at
Fort St. Philip, from >77,SJ0 to §100,000.
Mr. B. then submitted amendments making the
appropriations for two years, instead of one, for
New Bedford, Massachusetts, New London,
Connecticut, Soil it's Flats, Fort Barancas, the
questions on which were severally put, mid le-
jected.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and
the question on concurring in the amendments
made in Committee of the Whole was taken, as
follows:
1     The first question was on concurring in the
amendment making the appropriations tbi forti-
fications at Penobscot bay, $75,000 annually for
two years, instead of $100,000, as in tho LiU.
This amendment was rejected—yeas 20, nays
, 21, as follows:
■ YCAS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Buchnnnn, Cathhert,
Ewing of Illinois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, Knur, o. Aia-
Ijima, Linu, MorrN, Nicholas, Pre to i, V.¡v¡ , Robinson,
Uuggles, Sneplev, Tallmadge, Walker, and Wiight— 2>
NAYS—Meslr-i. Black, Calhoun, Cuttendm, D.ivi-,
Ewingof Ohio, Gild borough, Hendiiek-, K nt, King ol
Georgia, Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Moore, N uida.n, 1 or-
ter. Prentios, Uohbins, Swut, Toniluison, Wtbaii, and
White—21.
! The question was next taken on makintr the
' appropriations  for fortifications   at   Kennebec,
1 «____annually for two years, instead of £,100,001)
as in the bill, and also rejected by the following
vote:
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brow*, Buchanan, Cufhbi rt,
ISwing of Illinois, Grundy, IWI, HiAtard, King ol Alabama,
Lmn, Morris, Rlieholac, Hives, Uohuisoii, Ru^le-, &"ep-
•or ia, Leigh, WCA.ea-1, luaiuu'ii, .u« i'-, " "■" ■■ ...
ter, Prenti«; Pre-ton, RaUUas, Swi.t, Tonil.nsou, Wa-
ster, and White—21
The amendments for fortifications at Portland,
$75,000 p«r annum for two year , instead  or
