498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLORE.
May 25,
«UMOOO.and for Portsmouth, $150,000 per annum
for two years, instead oí $2JJ,0ÜÜ, were also re-
JTiieremainderof the amendments made in com-
mittee were then concurred in.
Mr PRESTON then moved to strike out the
appropriations for fortifications at Kennebec. He ,
had made this motion (he said) when there was
not a full Senate, and it was rejected. He wished
now that the Senate was full to try the principle,
whether appropriations should be made where
there were no plans or estimates.
After some remarks from Messrs. PRESTON
and CRITTENDEN this motion was rejected-
yeas 11, nays 29; as follows:
YF 45—Messrs. Calhoun, Crittenden, Ewing of Ohio,
Kingof Georgia, Leigh, Mauguin, Moore, Naudain, Preston,
Swit, and White—11.
WYS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown, Buchanan,Cuth-
_                 -*-■                  _ i*   TIC _ .— -   ,      /~* .-.1,1   -.l«^*-#-.i«swI->        /"! *,* ri /I 1 f        I I 1 1 I
Sliepley,Talhnadge,Tomlmson, Walker,and Webster—39.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
DEPOSITS OF THE PUBLIC MONEYS.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the Senate took
up the bill to regulate the deposits of the public
moneys, when Mr. C. was permitted, by general
consent, to modify the bill by adding new sections,
the purport of which is, that the unexpended bal-
ance remaining in the Treasury, on the 31st of
December of each year, except------dollars, shall
be deposited with the several States of the Union,
each in proportion to its population; that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall notify the Executive of
each State that the sum allotted to his State will be
paid on the warrant of the chief magistrate of said
State, or deposited in the State Treasury at his
option; the sum thus deposited with the States to
be retained without interest until wanted by the
General Government; and that------months' no-
tice shall be given before it is withdrawn; that
whero a Slate is not authorized by its existing
laws to receive the deposit, the sum allotted to
it shall be transferred to it on the warrant of its
Executive, or deposited in its Treasury, as soon
as it shall have passed a law authorizing such
transfer or deposit: this act to continue in force
till the 30th of June, 1842.
The qnestion then recurred on Mr. Wright's
amendment, providing for the investment of the
surplus in ,the Treasury in some safe public
stocks, &c, and it bein? late in the evening,
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the bill was laid
on the table, with an understanding to take it up
to-morrow.
THE DISTRICT BANKS.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the bill
to recharter the several banks of the District of
Columbia was taken up, and considered as in
Committee of theWhole, and, after sundry amend-
ments, the bill was ordered to be printed as
amended, and made the order of the day for Fri-
day next.
ADMISSION OF ARKANSAS.
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, the bill sup-
plementary to the act providing for the admission
of Arkansas into the Union was taken up and
considered, as in Committee of the Whole, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 25, 1836.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing for the payment
of the claim of Theodore Lewis, for the loss of a horse,
while acting as an officer of tile Louisiana militia during
the recent war in Florida.
On motion of Mr. OWENS, it was
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee inquire into the
expediency of revising the act of Congress confirming the
act of Georgia, passed in 1804, so far as the port of St.
Mary's is concerned, allowing the health officer to collect
certain tonnage duties in that port.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of Mr. Pincknet from the committee on ,
the "subject of the abolition of slavery.                 I
The immediate question pending was the mo-
tion of Mr. Robertson, to recommit the report
to the same committee, with instructions to report
a resolution declaring that Congress has not the
power to abolish slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia
Mr. ROBERTSON resumed, and spoke about
an hour, in conclusion of the remarks which he
had commenced on former days. [They will be
given hereafter.]
Mr. OWENS did not rise for the purpose of
discussing this subject. Every member must be
satisfied that the debate was unprofitable; he
therefore moved the previous question, which he
hoped would be sustained by the House.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, called for the
orders of the day, but the House refused to sus-
tain the call—ayes 64, noes 86.
Mr. ADAMS wished to reply to the arguments
of the gentleman from Virginia who had just
addressed the House.
The CHAIR reminded the gentleman that the
previous question had been moved.
Mr. WISE inquired whether it was competent
to move the previous question, the hour having
arrived for proceeding to the orders of the day?
The CHAIR stated that, under the rule, unless
a motion was made and carried to proceed to the
consideration of the orders of the day, the sub-
ject before the House would not have been arrested
until the hour for proceeding to the special order.
After the expiration of the morning hour, no
motion having been made to take up the orders
of the day, it was competent to move the previous
question upon the subject under consideration.
Mr. ADAMS asked the gentleman from Geor-
gia to withdraw his motion for the previous
question.
Mr. TOWNS made a similar request, and re-
marked that, from the first day this subject was
presented to the consideration of the House to
the present moment, he had taken no part in the
discussion. There were now reasons operating
on his mind, inducing him to desire that this
1 opportunity be afforded him to submit the views
he entertained, and the reasons that would regu-
1 late his vote.
! Mr. OWENS had made the motion on the
i most mature deliberation, and could not with-
' draw it.
Mr. ADAMS appealed from the decision of the
Speaker, that it was competent, under the circum-
stances, to move the previous question.
The CHAIR requested the gentleman to reduce
his appeal to writing.
After a short time, Mr. ADAMS rose and with-
drew the appeal, stating that he did not believe the
House would be disposed to stifle debate by sus-
taining the previous question.
Mr. PATTON rose to make an appeal to the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Owens] to with-
draw his motion.
Mr. LEE, of New York, called the gentleman
to order, as the subject was not debatable.
Mr. OWENS must adhere to his determination
not to withdraw his motion.
i     The previous  question was then seconded—
ayes 95, noes 82.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, asked
for the yeas and nays on the previous question;
which were ordered.
Mr. STORER inquired what would be the effect
' of the previous question?
The CHAIR said, if the previous question was
, sustained, it would cut off all amendments, and
the main question would be on the adoption of
the resolutions reported by the select committee.
j     Mr. ADAMS appealed from the decision of
! the Chair.
j The CHAIR had, in answer to the inquiry of
j the gentleman from Ohio, stated what would be
j the effect of sustaining the previous question, and
i had made no decision upon which an appeal
j would lie at that time.
Mr. ADAMS was aware that a slaveholding
1 Speaker occupied the chair.
[     Here Mr. A. was called to order by various
members.
Mr. WISE moved a call of the House, and
asked for the yeas and nays; which were ordered,
and were—yeas 87, noes 108. So the motion was
negatived.
Mr. STORER moved to lay the previous ques-
tion on the table, including the report and reso-
lutions of the committee,and the amendments to
the same; which was negativcu without a count.
Mr. ADAMS desired to know what would be
the main question, and that it might be stated on
the Journals ?
The SPEAKER repeated, that, if the previous
question was sustained, thf> main question would
be on the adoption of the resolutions reported by
the select committee.
Mr. ADAMS appealed from the decision.
Mr. BOON rose to order. It would be time
enough to raise this question when the previous
question was sustained.
Mr. ADAMS. I speak to a point of order;
and desire to take an appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. PATTON said it seemed to him, that it
should first be determined what the main question
would be, as that consideration might influence
the vote of gentlemen. Peradventure the House
might reverse the decision of the Chair. He
hoped, therefore, that the decision of the Speaker,
as to the effect of the main question, would be
first entertained, so that they might subsequently
vote understandingly.
The CHAIR would entertain the appeal of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, (although irregu-
lar,) it not being material, as to the particular
point of time, when it might properly be taken.
This was the first time that this question had
been made; but the Chair was very clear in the
opinion, that if the previous question was sus-
tained, the question would be on the adoption of
the resolutions reported by the select committee.
Mr. PHILLIPS desired the opinion of the
Chair upon another point, which was, whether the
committee had not transcended their powers in
reporting the third resolution.
The CHAIR could not draw this question
within the vortex of the point of order. If the
House was of opinion that, in reporting the reso-
lution referred to, the committee had transcended
its powers, it would be a ieason for negativing
the resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved the
previous question upon Mr. Adams's appeal, but
subsequently withdrew it.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, am I gagged, or
not?
The CHAIR replied, that under a recent de-
cision of the House, it was not competent, after
the previons question had been moved and sec-
onded, to debate a point of order.
Mr. ADAMS demanded that the Speaker
should reduce his decision to writing.
The CHAIR said that the gentleman had no
right, under the rules, to require his decision to
be reduced to writing.
Mr. ADAMS.    I appeal from that decision.
The CHAIR said it was not in order to pile
one appeal upon another.
The decision of the Chair upon Mr. Adams's
first appeal was then sustained without a count.
The House then decided that the main ques-
tion should be put—yeas 109,nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Ash, Hartón, Beale, Bean,
Beaumont, Bockee, Bovee, Boyd, Brown, Buchanan,
Burns, Cambreleng, Carr, Casey, Chancy, Chapín, Cleve-
land, Coles, Connor, Craig, Cramer, Cusuman, Dickerson,
Doubleday, Dromgoolc, Dunlap, Fairfield, Farlin, French,
Fry, William K. Fuller, Galbraith, Gillet, Haley, Joseph
Mall, Hamer, Hannegan, Albert G. Harrison, Hawes,
Haynes, Henderson, Howard, Hubley, Huntington, Hunts-
man, Ingham, Jabez Jack-on, Jo3eph Johnson, Richard M.
Johnson, Cave Johnson, Buujamin Jones, Judsnn, Kennon,
Kilgore, Kinnard, Klingensinith, Lane, Lansing, Laporte,
Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Leonard, Logan, Loyall, Lucas,
Abijali Mann, Job Mann, William Mason, Aloses Mason,
May, McKeon, McKnn, McLene, Miller, Montgomery,
Morgan, Muhlenberg, Owen?, Parker, Parks, Patterson,
Dutee J. Pearcc, Franklin Pierce, Phelps, John Reynolds,
Joseph Reynolds, Ripley, Roane, Schenck, Seymour, Shmn,
Sickles, Smith, Speight, Sutherland,Taylor, Thomas, John
Thompson, Toueey, Turner, Turrill, Vanderpoel, Wagener,
Waid, Wardvvel!, Webster, Weeks, and Sherrod Williams
-109.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Bailey, Bell, Bond, Borden, Bouldiu, Bnggs, Bunch, Wil-
liam D. Calhoun, Carter, George Chambers, John Chambers,
Chapman, Nathaniel H. Claiborne, John F. II. Claiborne,
Clark, Corwin, Crane, Cashing, D 'berry, Denny, Everett,
Philo C. Fuller, James Garland, Glascock, Or inger, Grant-
land, Graves, Grennell, Griffin, Uiiand Hall, Hard, Harlan,
Harper, Hazehinc, Heister, Hoar, Hoisey, Howell, Hunt,
rn-rersoll, William Jackson, Janes, Jenifer, Henry Johnson,
John W. Joues, Lawler, Lawrence, Lay, l>uke Lea, Lewi ,
