1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
Lincoln, Lore, Lyon, Martin, McCarty, McKay, MeKen-
nnn. Mercer. Milii-an, Morris, P.mon, Pettigrew, Phillip^,
l'ickfii*. Pincki)'\. l'oit*. Reiiehr-r, Rnberfc-on, Ro i-rt,,
Ru^ ell. Wiiliatu B. ihepard, Auiustme II Shepperd.Slaile,
Ppnllor, Muul-ier, ¡i'-ele, S.orer, Taliaterro, Wadd)
Tno'iip on. T muí, L'nfU-nvood, Vinton, White, IVhutie-
pe\. L  i> Wnlnm*, and Wi-e—89.
Mr. HEISTER. called for a division of the
question and a&ked for the yeas and nays; which
win- oidived.
The first resolution was then read, as follows:
Reso'-c'y  That  Congress   po^es^-e  no   constitution 1
au'.'ioritj to l.i'onere in mi) \va\ with the institution o.
slavery in anv o*' tiie State* of this Confederacy.
Mr. ADAMS said if the House would allow
him five minr'es' time, he pledged himself to
prove that resolution false and utterly untrue.
Mr. A. was here called to order in different
parts of the House, and resumed his seat.
The question was taken on the adoption of the
first resolution; which resulted—yeas 182, yeas
9; as follows:
YEAS—Me«rs. Chilton Allan, llenvm Alien, Anthony,
A-h, Bailey, Barton, Beale, Bean, Beaumont, Bockec,
Itond, Roon, Borden, Bouldin, Bovee, Boyd, Bnggs, Brown,
Buchanan, Bunch, Burn~, Willia>n B. Calhoun, Cumbre
lenr, Carr, Ca ey, Geoire Chambers, Chaney, Chapman,
Chapia, Nathaniel II. Claiborne, John F. H. Claiborne,
CL-velaud. Coffee, Coles. Co.inor, Co'win, Craig. Cram"r,
Crane.Cu-hin<r,Cu hniin, Dcberry, Dickerson, Doubleday,
Droiniroole, Dunlap, Fairtield, Farlm, French, Fry, Plnlo
C. fu.ler, Wi.liam K. Sutler, Gallfaiih, James Garland,
Gilleu Grin ser, Grantiand, Graves, Grc-nnell, Haley. Joseph
H ill. Hiland Hall. Hamvr, Hanueaan, Hard, HarUn, Harper,
Samuel S. Harrison. Albert G Harrison, Hawes, Haync ,
Henderson, Hei ter. Hoar, Holsey, Howard, Ho'vell, Hub-
ley. Hum, Huntington. Iluulr-inan, IugersoU, ingham. Jabez
J u'kaon. Cave Joan -o.i, Hrnry John on, Joseph John on,
Richard M John on, John W. Jone , Jud-on. Kennon, Kil-
gore. Kinuard, Klinsensnvth, Lane. Lan-ing, Laporte,
Lawler, Lawrence, Lav, Gideon Lee, Jo.hua Lee, Luke
Lea, Leonard, Lincoln, Logan, Love, Loyall, Lyon, Abijan
Mann, Job Mann, Mirtin, Mo e  Ma-on, S.unp-on Mason,
Wiliiini Ma>on, Slav, McCarty, McComas, McKay. Mc-
Kennan, McKeon, McKim, McLene, Mercer, Miller, Mil.i-
rin. Mon'gomery, Morgan, Morris, Muhlenberg, Owens,
Parker, Parks, Patterson, Patton. Dutre J Pearce, Franklin
Pierce. Pettiirew, Phelps, Pinekney, Roed. Rencher, John
Reynolds, Joseph Revnolds, Ripley, Roane, Rogers,
Sciieick, Seymour, William B. Shcpard, Augustine H.
Shep,.erd, Shields, Shinn, Sickles, Smith, Spaiiglcr,
Speight, Sprigue, Standefcr, Steele, Storer, Sutlrerland,
Taliaterro, Taylor, Thomas, John Thomson, Toucev,
Towns, Turupr, Tumll, Underwood, Vand -rpoel, Vmton,
Wagener, W.ird, Wardwell, Web ter, Weeks, White,
WhitJesey, Lewis Williams and Sherrod William —182.
NWS—Messrs. Adams.Clark,Denny,Everett, William
Jackson, Janes, Phillips, Potts, and Slide—9.
When the name of Mr. Glascock was called,
he declined voting, and asked to be excused.
His objections to the resolution had been made
known on a former occasion. He had seen no
reason to alter his opinion, and would never as-
sent to raise the question of slavery in the States
in any m ;nner or form whatever.
Messrs. PICKENS and ROBERTSON also
asked to be excused.
When the name of Mr. Thompson of South
Carolina was called, he rose and remarked that
he could not, in conscience, vote upon the reso-
lution, nor could he ask to be excused.
Mr. WISE, in answer to his name, said: I
positively refuse to vote upon that question.
The roll having been called through—
The question first recurred on the motion to
excuse the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Glas-
cock] from voting.
Mr. ADAMS demanded that the gentleman's
reason*) be reduced to writinsr, and entered on the
Journal; and was proceeding to address the House
on the subject, when the hour of one having ar-
rived, the House passed to the special order of
the day.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
By consent, the following bills from the Senate
were taken up and referred:
A bill to carry into effect in the States of Ala-
bama and Mississippi the existing contracts with
those States in regard to the five per cent, fund
and the school reservation. To the Committee on
Public Lands.
A bill to authorize the appointment of addi-
tional paymasters. To the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Also, a joint resolution authorizing the Presi-
dent of the United States to furnish rations to
certain in'"tbi'unts of Alabama.
Mr. LEWIS urged the speedy action of the
House upon this resolution, in consequence of
the disastrous condition of the country.
Mr. HAWES moved that it be referred to a
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union-, which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, and by general
consent, the House then went into committee on
the above resolution, (Mr. A. H. Siiepperd in
the chair.)
Mr. HAWES briefly opposed the resolution,
on the ground that it was both impolitic and un-
constitutional.
Mr. LEWIS addressed the committee in reply
to the gentlenvin from Kentucky. lie said the
gentleman had very suddenly sprung a grave
constitut.onal question upon a very small matter.
The gentleman was mistaken, if he supposed that
it was proposed that all the settlers from the
Creek country who had been thrown on the fron-
tier of Alabama and Georgia, were to be fed at
the public expense. On the contrary, sir, this
boon wa3 asked only for the poor, and the extreme
poor, who had been driven from their homes by
i the savages, and, in many instances, were forced
to abandon, not on.y their homes, but their pro-
visions, stock,and,in some instances, even their
negroes. It was said, that, in the little town of
Columbus, there were now twelve hundred per-
sons from the Creek country, who were living
noon the liberality and hospitality of th° people
of that town. Children were there whose parents
had oee.i murdered at night by the Indians; wid-
ows whose husbands had fallen under the toma-
hawk; some driven from their midnightslumbers,
and forced, even in a state of nudity, to fly to the
adjoining frontier for protection.
Sir, the Government surely owed protection to
these people; they are now endeavoring to afford
them that protection; and is not subsisting these
people a part of that protection for which we are
sending armies and voting appropriations for
their defense ? Sir, I ask nothing except for the
poor and the unfortunate. Our wealthy citizens
will never call on the commissary for their pro-
visions; and even the poor, I trust, will not need
it long. All that I ask is, to grant us that pro-
tection against the consequences of Indian hostili-
ties which we have a right to claim from this
Government. I see no difference, sir, between
this case and the one under which this House
has already voted rations to the sufferers in Flor-
ida.
Sir, I respect the constitutional scruples of
every gentleman on this floor. 1 ask nogratuity,
no charity,but simply demand justice of this
Government. I require of this Government mere-
ly to repair the losses which have resulted for
want of that protection which the people have not
received; and which, if they had received, would
llave enabled them to have subsisted themselves
at home, without calling on thu Government. In
making this remark, I do not intend to censure
the Government, but merely to state the circum-
stances under which this application is made. It
is a requis tion of sheer justice, growing out of
the obligation of this Government to protect the
persons to whom they have sold land in the
Creek country, against the hostility of these In-
dians, until tney are removed west of the Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. TOWNS moved an amendment to extend
the provisions of the resolution to citizens of
Georgia, under the same circumstances as the
citizens of Alabama, provided for in the resolu-
tion.
Mr. T. said: Mr. Chairman, in supnort of the
amendment I have had the honor to offer, no par-
ticular argument is necessary, as it does not vary
the principle of the resolution.   I must confess
that I heard with regret the remarks of the hon-
orable gentleman from Kentucky [ vlr. Hawes)
in opposition to the resolution.  I should always
be pleased to have the cooperation of that gen-
tleman on anv question, and on none more than
the present. The gentleman has placed his oppo-
sition on the ground that there is no power H
the House to adopt the resolution; I do not intend
to meet this objection by anything like argu- '
ment on the constitutional question; it is not
necessary.   It has fallen to the lot of the gentle- |
man, oftener than once during the present ses   i
sion, to make the same objection to other reso- j
lutions involving the same principle, and as often
as made has uniformly been voted down by th« '
| House. Sir, I have information in my posses-
sion of a character that would excite the deepest
sympathy. Yes, sir, every mad from Georgia
i tells me the story of death; butcheries the most
revolting are perpetrated every day on the bordéis
, of Alabama, and on the frontiers of Gcoigia.
The merciless savage has oveiMiti almost the
, entire country from Columbus to Moiugoniery.
i One scene of wide-spread desolation alone is to be
i seen in that quarter, where but asiim-t t.nu- since
there wore peaoe, quiet, and prub'ie'.ity. And
such, Sir, has been Uie unparalh led devastation of
property and life, that there is s -arcely u human
being to be seen in all that counti y, unless it bo the
. merciless foe, or some unfortunate sutler ilyiug
from the tomahawkand scalping knife. So sudden
, has been this war, when the Indian was leady
to deal out death in all it horrors, fcw, if any,
1 were prepared to give the slightest resistance;
unprotected with arms or ammunition, the honest
I settler of the country felt it to be his first dmy
to yield to the intreaties of wife and children, to
fly for safety; and the melancholy story but too
1 often reaches us, when thus flying, that many
of them have fallen victims to the must cruel of
all deaths, the scalping knife and tomahawk.
This population under such a panic could not be
expected, even if they had the means, of remov-
ing their property. Delay was death, and to col-
lect the women and children, and bid them fly,
was the first and the o.ily thing either thought
of or desired. Perhaps, sir, at no former time
was ever a panic more geni ral, or danger greater.
Can i* then, sir—could it be expected, that a whole
population, driven oefore a savage foe beyond
tho limitsof their own State, could have pro^idid
themselves with the ordinary comforts of life ?
Could it be expected, when deprivt d of house,
home, and property, that they can supply them-
selves with the necessary mean* of subsistence?
Can it be supposed that the citizens of Geoigia,
however charitable and benevolent, (and 1 am
proud to say they are entitled to that character,)
can support a population of sucli vast numbers
as must have been suudenly thrown upon tiieni
in the severest season of the year? Sir, 1 Low
too well the feeling of this House to doubt for
one moment the fate of the resolution. Let it
pass speedily; and let that aid, so indispensable
to the very existence of the unfortunate people
on the frontiers of Georgia, receive that prompt
and efficient aid that a wise and humane poucy
would demand. Let us not consume the time of
the committee by useless discussion, when, but
for the aid of the relief intended by this resolu-
tion, hundreds of your valuable citizens will be
reduced to the greatest distress,
i Mr. EVERETT said he felt some difficulty in
voting for the resolution. He fell every desire
to support it, if he could do it with propriety;
and as evidence of the sincerity of tins declara-
tion he would appeal to his votes on form, r oc-
casions of an analogous character. He liad voted
supplies to the suffering inhabitants, the poor of
this city-, he had done this on the ground that
Congress was the only power to whie.ii this Dis-
trict could look for relief. He had voted for a
ration bill for the sufferers of Florida. He had
been glad to find principles by which ho could
support views so consonant to tiis feelings. But
this case had no such support. It was an appli-
cation in favor of the inhabitants of a buue, to
whose Legislature they can apply for relief. The
gentlemen from Massachusetts |_iVlr.C'usuiNGand
Mr. Adam6] had placed it on the war power; but
he would submit to those gentlemen, whether the
resolution was within the limits of that principle?
He presumed that a commanding omVer was
bound to support, if he has the means, such in-
habitant  that the chance of war ma,j d. ire vntUin
his lines, or under his immediate protection. For
this purpose, no resolution was iwoessary; but
if necessary, he would assuredly vote for it. But
after the inhabitants had placed themselves out
of the protection of the military power, and mixed
with the mass of the inhabitants, they were no
longer entitled to support. The resolution had
no such restriction. It authorized the officer to
give rations to all the sufferers who, m couse-
3iience of the war, were reduced  to wa.it.   He
id not mean to say that he should not eventu-
ally support the iesolutioa • H« feelings strongly
