1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
they passed the bill it would be departing from [
(heprin'i^'.is of the report, he conceived himself
l>u: m the performance of a duty in asking for
a pos'.ooiH'tivnt till  the  next  session  of Con-
gr. ss.
Mr. CALHOUN observed that this system of
fortifications was likely to be run down by ex-
travagant appropriations. It added something
like two millions to the usual appropriation bill,
am!,considering the present prices, atleasta mil-
lion beyond what ihe appropriations ought tobe.
As ilu-'biH now stood, he felt himself compelled
to \ ote against it.
Mr. BENTON remarked that the reasonsgiven
by the Senator from Georgia, why he should
vote against this bill, were very proper so far as
tin y were his reasons; but when the Secretary of
War was quoted as being opposed to it, lie thought
it proper to set gentlemen right. Just so often
as the Secretary was quoted in opposition to this
iviiem of fortifications, so often would he quote
his own language. He would read a few extracts
from the Secretary's report, in order to show
what his opinions really were. Mr. B. then read
the following:
" It cannot be doubted but that fortifications at the fol-
lowing places enumerated in this bill will be necessary:
•■ At Penobscot bay for the protection of Bangor, &c.; at
Kennebec river; at Portland; at Portsmouth ; at Salem ;
at New Bedford; at Xew London ; upon Staten Island ; at
Seller's Flats; at redoubt on Federal Point; for the Baran-
ci, ; for Fort St. Philip. These proposed works all com-
maud the approach to place  sufficiently important to justify
their construction under any circumstances that will prob-
ably exist. I think, therefore, that the public interest would
be promoted by the passage of the necessary appropriations
for them As sonn a< these are mide, such of these posi-
tions as may appoar to require it can b.* examined, and the
form and extent of the wmkt adapted to existing circum-
stances, if any change be desirable. The construction of
those not needing examination can commence immediately,
and that of the others as soon as the plans are determined
upon. By this proceeding, therefore, a season may be saved
in the operations."
Now he did not know (Mr. B. said) that it was
in the power of language to be more explicit in
favor of any object than that of the Secretary of
War was of the bill on the table. He must object
(Mr. B. said' to any arguments founded on de-
tached expressions in this report, when that same
report contained explicit declarations in favor of
the bill.
It had been urged by some gentlemen that the
reason was so far advanced that it was not worth
while to make appropriations this year. How
did this happen ?   It was because there had been
■ continued struggle to keep off appropriations for
the defenses of the country; because the Senate
had by yeas and nays given the distribution bill
a preference over such necessary objects: because
there had been a continued contest between the
defenses of the country and the scheme of divid-
ing money, and in that contest the defenses of
the counlrv had gone to the wall. Gentlemen
said that it was now too late in the season to
apply these appropriations this year. Well, then,
¡fit was too late, whose fault was it? When his
plan of distribution was commenced, it was sup-
ported on the ground that it was impossible to
use the surplus in the Treasury for the service
of the country. Every gentleman in favor of the
plan took this position; and yet, when the officers
of Government had «ent in report after report,
showing that this money can be profitably em-
ployed for the defenses of the country, their judg-
ment was disputed, and disputed, too, on points
in which they must necessarily be entitled to
credit and respect. Here they were, (said Mr.
B.,) while two States and one Territory were
reeking with blood and resounding with cries,
eno-aged in dividing surpluses, and dividing
them, too, by creating them. Sir, (said Mr. B.,)
if this plan goes on, it will put an end to the in-
stitutions of the country; it was engaged in con-
tending against the very objects for which this
Government was formed—the defense of the
country. While they had but a skeleton of an
army, whose companies of only fifty men each
were reduced to thirty odd, and while the officers
in Florida were continually calling for men to fill
up their ranks, the bill for that object could not
be touched; it must be set aside to make room for
the banks of the District of Columbia. Yes, sir,
■  (said Mr. B.,) the convenience of the banks of
the Distrkt of Columbia must take precedence
over the cries of the bleeding frontiers. He could
not but regret that at the last month of the session '
there should be a further effort to put off eppro-
prituious for the defenses of the country; that,
after having spent the two first months in criini-
uation and recrimination for the loss of the forti-
fication bill of the last year, they should now, at
the end of six months of the session, have to
struggle hard to get a bill for the same object
passed. He wished to call the attention of the
Senate and the country to the consequences of
this odious principle of distribution. It wasgoing
to reduce us to a condition more helpless than
we were under the old Confederation; for it would
reduce us to a dependence not only on the vol-
untary contributions of States, but to tie leavings
of the States, after they had cut and carved all
they wanted for themselves.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, said he had not voted
for the distribution bill,and therefore the remarks
of the Senator on that subject could not be made
applicable to him.
Mr. BENTON said they were not intended
for Mr. Kino.
Mr. KING said, neither could the remarks of
the Senator denouncing those who had delayed
the bill in its progress, unless he referred to a
vote for an adjournment on Saturday evening.
He had voted to adjourn very late on Saturday
evening, when he believed some of the friends
of the bill wished to push it to a third reading.
But he had done so only from the lateness of the
hour and thinness of the Senate. That he was
justified in that course, had been since proved by
the revocation, in a fuller Senate, of every vote
taken on that evening.
Mr. K. denied that he condemned the report
of the Secretary of War, by voting against this
bill under present circumstances. He intended
ultimately, in the main, to conform to it. It was
an able document. In it we saw the develop-
ments of a great mind, well stored with science,
and, what was equally important, a practical
talent to give that science a judicious and useful
application. He again referred to the report,
and insisted that the season at which this bill
would be passed, if at all, and the attention re-
quired of the War Department to another part
of our frontier, would reconcile his views with
those of the Secretary. The Secretary sent his
report the 8th of April; and as the bill was then
before the Senate, he thought most likely it
would be speedily acted on. From the business
before the House, it could not be finally acted on
before July, and he did not think any advantage
could be derived from the appropriation, if the
examination and surveys should be made before
the money was expended. At any rate, the
advantage would be too small to justify an appro-
priation so far in advance, and a departure from
the valuable principle of having surveys and
estimates before appropriations were made for
any work of this description.
Mr. K. said it was true that the Secretary, in
one part of his report, had recommended the ap-
Eropriation under the circumstances stated; and
e had stated that the Department would have
i the examination and surveys made, before any
money should be spent.    If we would take the
I whole report together, however, we could plainly
i see that the Secretary was yielding something to
his friends.   He was reporting against the rec-
ommendation of the engineer department, against
the bill reported by the Military Committee of
the Senate, and against the known wishes of
many friends whose opinions he respected. This,
he thought, would account for any trifling differ-
ence between the Secretary and himself.
The Secretary (he said) had been compelled to
throw himself against some of the most extrava-
gant schemes for increasing our military prepa-
rations that had ever threatened the country.
The who's of them, if adopted, would require at
, least $100,000,000 to begin with—one bureau
recommended near thirty millions for providing
,' munitions of war alone; the fortifications pro-
¡: posed by another bureau, and recommended by
: the Military Committee, would cost n«ar forty
! millions more; and he had noticed that, in debate
i! in the House ,$22,000,000 was spoken of to arm
|! the militia.   The standing armv was to be ex-
il pensively increased; and, as to depots,armories,
I and arsenals, they were almost without number,
as their cost was beyond computation.
It would require some Hutton to give us the
sum total. Sir, sai J he, to consider the post policy
of the Government, and look at the documents
on your table, and the views given us from vari-
ous quarters, one would think he had been dream-
ing. The wise policy of allowing our citizens to
' prosper in the enjoyment of the fruits of their
labor, was to be changed. Everything seemed
to look to vast military establishments. Now,
(said Mr. K.,) what I wish understood is, that 1
protest against all these schemes of heavy expend-
itures for permanent establishments. They would
not only absorb the surplus, but heap new burdens
upon us, and curse posterity with tariffs and
taxes. We had been reminded of the system of
fortifications recommended by Washington, and
asked why they could not increase now, in pro-
portion to our wealth and population. This was
strange argument. Should we increase the nurses
of the infant as he approaches the years of ma-
turity ? Should we quadruple them after he had
become entirely capable of taking care qf himself?
We were able now to meet, on equal terms, any
Power on the face of the earth; and all the Powers
of Christendom united could not send a sufficient
force across the Atlantic to gain a dangerous foot-
ing upon our soil. And yet, in this period of
strength, we had all at once become alarmed for
our safety, and wished to wall the enemy out.
Except for our large commercial cities, he wanted
no walls except the wooden walls that floated under
the command of our gallant Navy. He wanted
no ramparts behind which to defend our country,
except a rampart of bayonets pointed by the
steady arms of freemen. Our main arm of de-
fense was the free and sturdy yeomen, who,
whenever any daring invader should set foot upon
our soil, would always be ready to drop any petty
or party disputes, and rally around the standard
of their common country.
He said he must confess that, as a Democrat,
governed by the principles of the old school of
the Democracy, he felt great jealousy and appre-
hension of the multiplication of these fortifica-
tions.   If we went on with them, as threatened,
he feared they might, at no distant day, become
the grave-yard of freedom, and burying-ground
of the Constitution, instead of the citadels of lib-
1 erty.   Othergentlemenhadmadepredictions.and
'• he would venture one; that was, that if these mil-
: i itary projects went on as they seemed to have
i begun; if our coast óf three thousand miles were
to be' frowning with fortifications and clouded
with cannon;  if our hitherto peaceful country
were to become a great military camp; if every
State in the Union were to be hereafter bristling
with bayonets, and covered with arsenals, armo-
ries, and depots, he predicted we might, in the
course of a few years, take the parchment upon
which our Constitution was written, and cover a
drum-bead with  that, for all the use we should
have for it as an instrument to define the princi-
ples upon which our Government is to be admin-
istered.    Everything would shortly be settled by
the sword, the truncheon and the bayonet.    A
corporal and  his guard would  soon  be  more
respected than the Chief Justice and his associ-
ates.   And like another great nation which had
lately revolutionized in the name of liberty, but
in its sacred name, with a peace establishment of
four hundred and ten thousand men, perpetrates
every species of tyranny, the prison would, with
us also, become the purifier of the presa, whilst
the bayonet settled our civil disputes.   He there-
fore gave notice that he should vote against all
<   these vast projects for changing our system into
an expensive military Government, as fast as
they might be brought forward.   And as to the
forts in question, why push them on us without
I estimates?   Was Maine in danger?   He hoped
i she could sustain herself another season against
I the Brunswickers.   John Bull seemed good-na-
! i tured at present, and had even kindly interfered
1 to settle a dispute for us with a bilhgerent neign-
'! bor    But we were told we were refusing appro-
i priations whilst the Indians were cutting the
Throats of the people.    Indeed! and were fortifi-
cations in the East intended to protectjp. .«unst
Jndians in the West?   No appropriations for the
West had been delayed a moment when asked
