1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
influence, useless exnenditure became both effect
Rt >l i ui« , 111 n'tmi itelvled to that system which
ho u i-i i i\ ms tsii > il, tint wis, the t \pondt-
t tr nf 11 m \ is m i n 1, uisttad of a m • ins If
ni «ifv (lis rum i)ii could be mide then, he
.i p  ied .;• i ' nun, afli r miking necessary ev-
Y ', ir^, ti li ' the surplus alone. But it was
sii ! h U\ 'k  wou'd luvak, and we should lose
t'> no it v u lit ss w •  got rid of it Will, let
t'n m br. i\ IK should shed no tears over their
misf ii t nit s, nr m mm over the lossi s of the
tin r mu 'it. Betur thit a thousand charters of
P \ i imp ira in is should bo forfeited, and mil-
ho is ' is, i On G muimcv, than our eonstmi-
tunl charter should b< forfeited,and our liberties
1 in H ttei s ib ii t to the aik lowlidged e\ils of
tie sar/us thin cn-ounter greater evils by its
improper t xpmOiturc. He o'ily w ished that we
slio t!u ad icre 'o the sj-sum undir which we had
jrini n and prospered bejond aiy example the
history of the world hid c\tr furnished The
g'*at secret of this prosperity was the economical
system 1. retofore pursued of having the citizen
light'y tixnl, to enjoy the fruits of his own labor,
by wnie'i  i had beeome a nation of producers
He wished to continue this system, and not, like
o'her nations, bv a large Government patronage
sustain one third oi ¡hi nation in splendid idle-
ness and ghttering rice, devouring the bread
eirneü In the ho lest industry of the remainder.
Mr. C1ITTEVDEN* sud, when he remem-
ber d how formidably" the Senator from Missouri
an iou iced t'nt he and his friends constituted
th mijonty of the Senate, and that some'resnons-
ihi lty would thereafter devolve on them, he
einsidend his rebuke as intended for his friends,
B' d not for those opposed to the \dmiiustrntion.
M-. C. slid it was but in accordance with par-
liamentary proceedings to interpose dilatory mo-
fons to deteat any measure before the Senate
fir its action He preferred himself, however,
to m et this bill directly, and wished it were in
his power to take upo i himself the whole re-
sponsibility of defeating it, and would then con-
sid r he had done some serv ce. If the Senator,
11 saying there was no surplus, meant to say the
capacity to squander, indicated by these appro-
Íinations, transcended the capacity to accumul-
ate, then he admitted there was no surplus. In
regard to Penobscot, they were told that the ap-
propriation was not equal to, but would require
treble the amount to complete it, and so it was
said of other fortifications, and all under the
term of national defuise; and were they, (he
asked,) at the tap of the political drum, to fall
into this unbounded system of extravagance and
wastefulness, and deprive the people to whom
this money belonged of a general participation
in its advantages ' But a plan was proposed
to invest it in a train and chain of fortifica-
tions from Maine to Flotida. He agreed with
the Senator from Georgia, that it was better to
bury it in the ocean than to squander it in this
way, and entail upon us the evils which would
follow. A standing army would follow this sys-
tem as certainly as the shadow followed the
substance. In time of war, it was said not to be
patriotic to stop for estimates, and it seemed that
peace was not the time to wait for them, so that
they were to be made belligerents from beginning
to end, and peace itself, it seemed, was made for
war. When they had constructed all these for-
tifications, a tax would have to be raised to gar-
rison them, for which six thousand men would
be necessary, who would require a perpetual tax
of two millions of dollars to support them. They
were, in fact, sowing these fortifications like
dragons' teeth over the land, from which hosts
of myrmidons would spring up, to eat out the
substance of the citizens. Last year, in the pros-
pect of a war, two millions were all that was
necessary; and now, in time of peace, that sura
bore but a small proportion to the amount pro-
posed to be expended for defense. He admitted
there were some points on the sea-coast where
forts were necessary, and he would go for them;
but he was opposed to this system of fortifications
as a means of general defense. It was, among
other reasons, too costly for a general system.
It was admitted by the Senator from Mississippi
that the mi'itu was the main arm of ourdefense;
but he was for placing th«m behind Uiese for-
tifications, which Mr. C. thought would tend to
destroy their spirit of valor and patriotism; and,
when they became too good to stind out in the
dinger, K t them stay at horn , (sud he,) and sus- [
tain a mercenary army to fight for them under
cover of these fortifications.
But what (he asked) did our militia do at Bun-
ker Hill' and what did they do at New Orleans'
The very argument in favor of protecting our
citizens behind walls required but one step fur-
ther to create a standing army. It was the honor,
the right,and the privilege of the citizens to defend
their country, and he would as soon see them sur-
render their right of suffiage as to yield to this.
If this bill passes, they wo'ild appropriate not
less than $6,UJ3,000, and there would be a beat-
ing up for labo  along the whole line of fortifica-
tions. Penobscot would beat up against Ken-
nebec, and Kennebec against Penobscot, and the
Government would beat up against itself from
Penobscot to New Orlean". By adding to ex-
pendituies in one part of the country was taking
the amount expended from another part; and he
asked what right they had to tike the labor of
laboring men from one portion of the country to
a lother' If this bill was antigo-nstical to the
land bill, it followed that, as that bill had passed
the S^mte, this must be defeated, especially as
this was n scheme to prevent it from going into
effect. He went agiinst this bill for the reasons
he had given, and would prefer leaving it in the
banks rather thin appropriate the money in
this wiy. While gentlemen looked upon the
nil try distribution of the surplus at Kennebec,
Portsmouth, &e , to us- a figure of speech of the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Niles,] they
wanted to stick their forks into the fleshpots of
Egypt alone.
It seemed the people could not be trusted with
an equal distribution of the surplus among them
on account of their susceptibility to corruption,
while the Senate alone claimed the priority of
calling on the aid of engineers and a host of of-
ficers to superintend its expenditure. He should
hardly suppose the Secretary of the Treasury
could get his natural rest in watching these vari-
ous projects for disposing of the surplus, which
were sometimes overcharged, and sometimes un-
dercharged.
The Senitorfrom Missouri had sneeringly and
contemptuously said, that while here engaged in
the work of dividing the surplus, they had refused
to take measures for the defense of the frontier
against the Indians. He would like to know how
the distribution bill had interfered with appropri-
ations for that object'
Mr. BENTON" sud he would tell the gentle-
man It had interfered in this way. They had
reported a bill, under the recommendation of the
Secretary of War, to fill up the skeletons of our
regiments, and they could not get that bill con-
sidered.      ___
Mr. CRITTENDEN continued. The general
commanding there had in command ten men for
one opposing him; and if he had not succeeded
in his expedition it had not been for want of
men. He intended to cast no reproach on the
soldiers, but he thought perhaps fewer would
have done better; and accordingly, he did not
know that any of them were accusable for that
negligence.
Mr. BENTON said the gentleman never read
the report of the general commandmgin Flonda,
or he would have known it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN continued.   They had
Dot refused any appropriations for that object,
but had hurried them through without estimates.
He had a deep-settled conviction that this system
i of fortifications was pregnant with mischievous
consequences that ought to alarm the country.
It was an extravagance and waste of the people's
money, from which they would reap a poisonous
j harvest; and the time would come when we should
have no surplus, and when we should be called
| on to raise by taxation some two or three mil-
i lions of dollars per annum for the support of a
standing army.
I     Mr. WALKER said he would detain the Sen-
I ate but a few moments in reply to some of the
strictures of the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Cmtteíibejí] upon his remarks.   That Senator
' said,"that to supp'ort the system of fortifications
would destroy the martial spirit of the people, by
placing them in forts, where there was no peril
in the conflict, no hazard of life, and none of that
glory and excitement arising from their exposure
to danger in the open field in defense of their
country. Mr. W. said that, if exposing to danger
the lives of our people upon a naked and defense-
less coast was the best means of infusing into our
citizens a maitial spirit, it was one of those means
that had escaped the sagacity of all writers upon
the art of war, and was against the experience
of all the nations of the world.   The musket and
rifle were one means of defense, artillery a second,
and forts a third; and upon the punciple that
should induce us to abandon the third, we should
also abandon the second, in order to increase the
loss upoi our side, and augm< nt the gloiy and
danger of the combat, and thus infuse into our
people a more martial spirit. But (said Mr. W.)
will this danger and glory call back fiom the
grave our slaughtered citizens' Will it check the
widow's sigh, or dry the orphan's tear'   Will it
give back your cities from pillage and conflagra-
tion '   Will it return to their homes and country
that patriotic militia who were wantonly sacri-
ficed, imwed down by thousands, because  the
Government hid refused to erect the necessiry
fortifications to repel invasion' To me (said Mr.
W ) there would be no glory in such a spectacle.
Our true glory consists in saving an effusion of
American blood; in sparing the lives of our citi-
zens; in conquering with as little loss upon our
side as possible.    If any other mm than the
pitnot Jackson had commanded at New Orleans,
that city, and the whole commerce of the West,
would have been sacrificed for the want of the
necessary fortifications.   The object is to defend
the country with as little loss of life as practica-
ble; and hence it was behind cotton-bale ramparts
that the nflemen of the West obtained at New
Orleans that great and glorious, because to us a
bloodless, victory.    And when the victory was
gained, and many an ardent officer applied to
their great commander for liberty to puisue and
capture the army of the enemy—"No," said the
veteran patriot, " my object is accomplished—the
defense of New Oi leans, and I would now rather
pave with gold the way of the enemy beyond our
limits, than sacrifice, in search of glory only, the
life of one of my soldiery."   Whilst some gen-
tlemen (said Mr. W.) denounce the bill, because,
they say.it will destroy the martial spirit, others
oppose it because it will make us too belligerent.
Indeed, the same Senators have used these irrec-
oncilable and contradictory arguments. How the
bill could, at the same time, destroy our martial
spirit, and yet render us too belligerent, Mr. W.
could not understand.
Mr. W. said he had heard not one sound, prac-
tical argument against this bill—it was all vague
and general denunciation. Those opposed to the
bill eulogized the report of the Secretary of War,
and conceded the propriety of defending import-
ant points; and, (said Mr. W.,) is not every
point, the fortifying of which is proposed by this
bill an important point—a point within the ex-
press recommendation of the Secretary of War '
These honorable Senators, then, upon their own
principles, should support this bill. It is a bill to
defend important points, and those points only;
and if we do not intend to abandon the whole
system of fortifications, and leave the whole coast
naked and defenseless, and open to the hostile
navies of the world to burn our cities, and de-
stroy the lives and property of our people, w«
must support this bill. The opposition to this
bill with specific appropriations is a singular
commentary upon the course of those Senators
who excused themselves for opposing the three
million fortification bill, because its appropria-
tions were not specific. We have just escaped
(said Mr. W.) the horrors of a foreign war, with
our coast and harbors entirely defenseless; and
as Omniscience only can determine when the
danger may recur, preparation against foreign
ae-Tession is the best means of avoiding it, and
a°solemn duty which we owe to the States and
people of this Union. " Millions for difense, not
a cent for tribute," is a principle, when properly
applied, that should never cease to influence every
American statesman,and whichrhe hoped, would
apérate upon the present occasion.
