604
T £ CONGRESSIONAL «LOBE;
May 26,
M • RIVES said he agreed with srveral of the :
Ce'i'il Viee win hud spoken against this bill, nnj
pi'iv.ciUlv with iiis fVienJ from Georgh, [Mr.
kYv-G,] m tlio principles advanced by them in re-
st d to a geiicíui system of fortifications; but he
dijere J fwn tiem'as to the amplication of those !
i.-itKioks ti tie m.isuiv mder cons.d Tation.
He believed that the idea of d fe.iding a sea-coast
of mnv than three thousand miles i.i extent by
fúrlijicitioiis was wholly visionary and impracti-
cable; that the attempt to do so would involve the
country in endless expense, and saddle the nation
with burdens in one form or another which they
would never be content to bear.    But while this
was so, there were particular positions which,
from their  peculiar importance,  as commercial
towns, or as naval stations and depots, all ad-
mitted stood in need of special defenses, and ought
to be fortifLd.    The question upon the present
occas'on, then, is, not whether a general system
of for.ifbatiou¿. along our extended lineofseacoast
is jadicious and proper, b it whether the pa •:icu-
la.- points provided for in this bill ought to be
fortified ?   He understood his friend from Georgia
dis:i<vtly to admit that the places proposed tj be
fortified Ly tho present bill are sucli as ought to
be provided with ad quate defenses; but his ob-
jection to the measure was one of time—that these
places wt re exposed to no immediate danger,and
that we s.iould proceed with more delioeration.
But surely, sir, (said Mr. R.,) a period of pea e
is the only ti rie we can suitably prepare for the
exigencies of war; we ought not to wait till war
has actually burst upon us, before we put our-
selves in a p >sture to meet it. We have now an
over 1owi:igTreasury, and cvi-ry day brings forth
some project for the distribution or absorption
of our surplus. The dangers, too, which we
have recently escaped, (for all admit that, if war
had unaappily been the issue of our late difficul-
ties with a foreign Power, we would have found
ourselves in a very unprepared condition for it,
both as to our land and naval defenses,) admon-
ish us impressively to repair, with as little delay
as possible, the error of our past improvidence.
If, then, t'.ie fortifications provided for by this
bill o íght ever to be made, no time can be more
appropriate or m ire convenient for the commence-
ment of the work than the present. As to the
propriety of these fortifications, they are justified
even by the principles of the honorable ¿Senator
from Iven'ucky, [iMr Critte.vj>e>í;] for, strongly
opposed as he ¡s to a general system of fortifica-
tions, he yet admitted, that places rendered im-
portant by their commerce, or as stations or
building yards for our Navy, ought to be for-
tified.
Now, sir, bring this bill to the test of these
principles. Is not Portsmouth the seat of one
of our most important naval depots to the North ?
Is not New York a place of sufficient commercial
importance to merit the care of the Government
in providing for the defense of the immense inter-
ests, private and public, collected there? Would
not the honorable gentleman also, in the liberal
patriotism with which I know he is animated,
comprehend Baltimore, standing among the first
commercial towns of the Atlantic, New Orleans,
the emporium of the West, and Ponsacola, our
great naval station on the Gulf Of Mexico, within
the scope of that degree of commercial and naval
importance which entitles them to the protection
of fortifications? I mention these places (said
Mr. R.) as a specimen of those provided for in
the bill. The others, if not sustained in their
claims by precisely the same considerations, have
yet in their favor special military reasons which
have secured to them the full sanction of the Sec-
retary of War in that able and judicious report
which has been appealed to on all sides as the
standard of a sound and rational policy on this
subject.
Gentlemen have indulged in general denuncia-
tions against a system of fortifications. In the
2eal of their opposition, they have pictured our
whole coast as frowning with ramparts, and
blackened with cannon.   They have told us of
such a measure?   It does not provide for a gen-
eral system of ftoufioaüpne upon our sea-board.
It selects a dozen points only of peculiar import-
ance, or peculiar exposure, and proposes to fur-
nish the.n with s.iitible defenses.  It has not been
nilrged by any gentleman in   the progress of the
debate that the appropriations made  by the  bill
for these fortifications are beyond their probable
and necessary cost. What ground is there, then,
for the imputation of extravagance?   Gentlemen
seem to ha\e forgotten the important changes
which this bill has undergone since its presenta-
tion to the Senate.    Of the nineteen fortifications
originally embraced in this bill, seven have been
stricken out.    From the aggregate of its original
appropriations, more   than   a million of dollars
have been subducted, leaving the measure, in its
present shape, conformed to  those  maxims of
necessary and practical defense, and of wise and
economical expenditure, which, I trust, will ever
be observed in the operations of this Government.
Mr. R. declared his utter opposition to those
visionary and extravagant schemes of fortifica-
tions which had been concocted by the engineer
bureau.  He had great respect for the patriotism,
as well as the talent of that corps; but they had
been deluded by their professional enthusiasm,
and an exclusive devotion to a favorite science.
When thoy gravely talked of " shutting out war
and all its more serious evils from our territory"
by a chain of fortresses of more than three thou-
sand miles in extent; and thus rendering our coast
impervious to an enemy, he must look upon their
plans as the offspring of theoretic enthusiasm,
however patriotic, rather than the result of safe
calculation and  of sound   practical judgment.
Happily for the country, the enthusiasm of pro-
fessional science had found a check in the vigor-
ous common sense and the cool and sagacious in-
tellect which preside over the War Department.
The Secretary, in his admirable report of the 7th
of April last, had established the landmarks of
a sound and rational policy on this subject. That
report, he t.-usted, would he the chart by which
our legislation would be governed.    It was a re-
currence to the principles of Washington and
Jefferson, and eminently seasonable at the present
moment in arresting schemes of plausible though
unprofitable expenditure, which, by an invaria-
ble law of nature, spring up in the hotbed of a
redundantTreasury.    It was a monument of the
wisdom and  patriotism of the Secretary,  and
entitled him to the thanks of the country.
Mr. R. sail his friend from Georgia,{Mr. King,]
conscious'of the weight of this high authority,
had sought to bring it to his aid by reading a
passage of the report, in which the Secretary
speaks of the propriety of previous surveys to
determine the plan and extent of the proposed
fortifications,in every case, before the commence-
ment of the work.    But the Senate will remark,
that the survey is spoken of there as a condition
precedent to the expenditure, not the appropriation
of the money.   On the contrary, the Secretary
expressly recommends that the appropriations be
made now for all the fortifications embraced in this
bill, as a season will therebv be saved in the prose-
cution of the work; but adds, that " before any
expenditure be incurred, an examination should
be made" by a board of officers, in order to adapt
the plan of the work to the principles laid down
in his report.    Now, sir, (said Mr. R.,) this is
precisely what I  think ought to be done.    He
attached (he said) .great importance to these sur-
veys, and to precise and definite plans founded
on them.    They served as checks on wasteful or
injudicious expenditure, and to fix responsibility. '
He relied on the declaration of the Secretary, j
that they would in every case be made; and we j
had by this very bill, in pursuance of the recom- ¡
mendation of the Secretary, appropriated $30,000 !
for the expense of a special board of engineers,
to enable him to have these surveys satisfactorily '
executed.   He relied, moreover, that the plans '
of the engineers would, in every case, be sub- ¡
jected to the careful revision of the Secretary; i
that they would be brought to the arbitrament of ¡
a stern, practical common sense, proportioning
the magnitude of the works to such probable con-
tingencies of sudden attack or surprise as they
might be exposed to in the event of war, but
without any reference to the extremely improb-
able hypothesis of a regular and protracted siege,
•which hAd already caused several rbrtifications
(of which there was a striking example i:i his
own State) to be projected on a scale of vastly
disproportionate magnitude and expense.
It was with this understanding of the measure,
that he would cheerfully give his vote for the bill
under consideration. Me believed it, in its pres-
ent shape, entirely consistent with the maxims of
a wise economy, appropriate to the abundant
means now afforded by the national Treasury,
demanded by a provident and patriotic regard to
the public safety, and especially due, in some of
its provisions, to a portion of the country, (allud-
ing to the ports of Maine and New Hampshire,)
which is peculiarly exposed by its posilion, and
has been heretofore destitute of protection. At
the same time ho hoped he would not be consid-
ered by any one as relaxing in his determined
adherence to those principles of Democratic •; olicy
alluded to by his friend from Georgia, which in-
culcate frugality and simplicity in the adminis-
tration of the Government, and a paramount re-
liance on the body of its citizens for the defense
of the country—principles, on the rational observ-
ance of which he firmly believed, with that gen-
tleman, the success of our institutions vitally de-
pended.
Mr. WEBSTER observed that no charge could
be more unjust than that which ascribed to the
Senate any dolay in the fortification bills, fie
must say, that whatever had been recommended
for the defenses of the country had received the
utmost degree of the attention of the Senate.
With respect to this bill, the question was not
one of strict principle, but of expediency. Every
man must see that the project of fortifications
might be carried out to an unreasonable extent;
but this bill could not be considered in that light.
They came to its consideration, not as it was
when first presented to them, but as the Senate
had now made it; and the question was, was it
liable to the strong objections that had been urged
against it by the Senator from Kentucky,and the
Senator from Georgia? He was inclined to think
that the great objections expressed to-day had
been imbibed against it in its general form. What
were the provisions of the bill as it now stood:
It was said that it created no fortifications at
points not heretofore fortified. This was not a
true state of the case. It proposed some new
works it was true; but in more than one half of
the instances it proposed to fortify points at which
fortifications had heretofore existed.
Before considering this bill further, he wished
to notice the grounds on which the policy of for-
tifications rested. For what purpose should for-
tifications be made? To keep an invading army
out of the country? Certainly not. He looked
for no other defenses against an invading army
than those contemplated by the Senators from
Georgia and Kentucky, the armed freemen of the
country, and the Navy of the United States. He
did not look upon fortificationsas defenses against
an invading army or navy. If these, then, were
not the object? of fortifications, for what purpose
should they be constructed ? The object was to
secure such fortified places against a sudden at-
tack, even by a small force; for the greatest army
or navy in the world could not give the assurance
that a single ship would not enter into a harbor
and destroy all the property there. He knew no
other object for which fortifications should be
constructed. Take, for instance, Penobscot. The
object was to defend that place, not against an
invading army or navy, but against any sudden
attack that might be made on it. He was willing
to give $100,000 for that object, and would do the
same for Kennebec, which had a dense popula-
tion, and contained avast amount of property
liable to sudden destruction by a small force. So
also with respect to other places provided for in
the bill. He did not therefore think the bill
deserved the character given to it by his friends
from Georgia and Kentucky, asa bill intended to
defend the country against the aggressions of an-
invading enemy. He viewed it as providing de-
fenses for commercial places which could not be
defended by the militia, however well organized,
because of their situation on the sea-board, against
the sudden attacks of a naval or military force.
One word more in reply to the gentleman wh$
h,ad spoken with such propriety against the in-
cxeasesjfthc stoadiflgfijny &r the purpose of
