506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
Can   committee, specially instructed to report two reso- I
lutions the torm ol «Inch wa< given by the Iloii>e, report
another resolution. changing the rules and orders of the
llou-e in repaid to the management ol its business, and Ue-
nnwu  cm/ens ot'ttie prmlego of obtaining the usual con-
sideration of petitions on subjects other than tiiose relerred
to Ihe committee ?
The CHAIR stated, that it was not within the
competency of the Speaker to draw within the
vortex of order the question raised by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. Questions relating to
the jurisdiction of the committees of the House,
or whether they had or had not exceeded that ju-
risdiction, or transcended the authority conferred
upon them by the House, were for the House,
and not the Speaker, to determine. If gentlemen
were of opinion that committees, in their reports,
had exceeded the authority given them by the
House, there were other modes of correcting what
they had done; as, for example, the report may
be recommitted with instructions; or the House
on that, as well as other grounds, may refuse to
concur in their report.
The point now raised could not, therefore, be
considered as a point of order to be decided by
the Chair. It was in some respects analogous to
the case of inconsistent amendments proposed, in
which case it was well settled, that " if an amend-
ment be proposed inconsistent with one already
agreed to, it is a fit ground for its rejection by
the House, but not within the competence of the
Speaker to suppress, as if it were against order;
for, were he permitted to draw questions of con-
sistence within the vortex of order, he might usurp
a negative on important modifications, and sup-
press,instead of subserving,the legislative will."
So in this case, if the House shall be satisfied
that the committee were not clothed with author-
ity, by the order of the House under which they
were appointed, to report this resolution, "it
may be a fit ground for its rejection by the House,
but not within the competence of the Speaker to
suppress, as if it were against order."
Mr. PHILLIPS then moved to lay the pream-
ble and third resolution on the table.
Mr. GRENNELL asked for the yeas and
nays: which were ordered, and the motion to lay
on the table was negatived—yeas 69, nays 118.
The question recurring upon the adoption of
the preamble and third resolution, the Clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll.
When the name of Mr. Adams was called, that
gentleman rose and said: I hold the resolution to
be a direct violation of the Constitution of the
United States, the rules of this House, and the
rights of my constituents. Mr. A. resumed his
seat amid loud cries of " Order!" from all parts
of the Hall.
The third resolution was then agreed to—yeas
117, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Ash, Ashley, Barton,
Bean, Bockee, Boon, Bovee, Boyd, Brown, Burns, Cam-
breleng, Casey, Chaney, Chapman, Chapín, Nathaniel H.
Claiborne, John F. H. Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee, Coles,
Connor, Craig, Cramer, Cushman, Deberry, Dickerson,
Doubleday, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Fairfield, Farlan, French,
Fry, William K. Fuller, Galbraith, Gillet, Grantland,
Graves, Joseph Hall, Hamer, Hardin, Harlan, Albeit G.
Harrison, Hawes, Haynes, Howard, Hubley, Huntington,
Hunt-man, Ingham, Jabez Jackson, Joseph Johnson,
Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson, Henry Johnson, Ken-
non, Kilgóre, Kinnard, Klingensimth, Lansing, Gideon
Lee, Joshua Lee, Luke Lea, Leonard,Logan, Loyall, Lvon,
Abijah Mann. Martin, William Mason, Moses Mason, May,
McConias, McKay, McCeon, McKun, McLene, Miller,
Montgomery, Muhlenberg, Owens, Page, Parks, Patterson,
Franklin Pierce, James A. Pearce, Pettigrew, Phelps,
Pinckney, Rencher, John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Rip-
ley, Roane, Rogers, Seymour, Augustine H. Shepperd,
Shields, Sickles, Smith, Spangler, Speight, Standefer,
Sutherland, Taliaferro, Taylor, Toucey, Towns, Turner,
Turnll, Underwood, Vanderpoel, Wagener, Ward, White,
Lewis Williams, and Snerroil Williams—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Heman Allen, Bailey, Beaumont, Bond,
Borden, Bnggs, Buchanan, William B. Calhoun, Carr,
George Chambers, Clnlds, Ciark, Corwin, Crane, Cuslmig,
Denny, Everett, Philo C. Fuller, Jame  Garland, Glascock,
Granger, Grennell, Haley, Hiland Hall, Hard, Harper,
Hazeltine, Henderson, 11 enter, Hoar, Ilolsey, Howell,
Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersol), William Jackson, Janes, John
W. Jones, Benjamin Jones, Judson, Lane, Laporte, Law-
rence, Lincoln, Love, Sampson Mason, McCarty, McKcn-
nau, Morris, Parker, Patron, Dutee J. Pearcé, Phillips,
Pickens, Potts, Seed, Robertson, Russell, Schenck, Shinn,
Slade, Sprasu"!, Steele, Storer, John Thomson, Vinton,
Wardwell, Webster, and Eliaha Whittlesey—68.
Mr. MANN, of New York, called for the spe-
cial orders of the day.
The CHAIR stated that there were incidental
questions which had arisen in the progress of the
subject upon which the House had just been act-
ing. Several gentlemen had declined voting, and |
it was for the House to make such dispositions j
of these questions as it might deem proper. The
Chair had also received two communications from
members, assigning their reasons for not voting
on a portion of the resolutions.
Mr. GLASCOCK desired to have the reasons
which had induced him to move to be excused
from voting entered upon the Journal. He was
proceeding to address the House, when he was
called to order.
Numerous suggestions and points of order were
made by several members, when Mr. MANN,
of New York, called for the special orders of the
day.
The CHAIR entertained the motion, when
Mr. ROBERTSON appealed from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to lay the
appeal unon the table.
Mr. ROBERTSON called for the yeas and
nays; which were not ordered; and the appeal
was laid on the table without a count.
The motion to proceed to the orders of the day
was then agreed to.
Mr. WISE moved to take up the resolution
heretofore offered by his colleague, [Mr. Drom-
goole,] calling for information in relation to the
deposit banks, together with his amendment
thereto, and asked for the yeas and nays; which
were not ordered; and the motion was negatived
without a count.
Mr. BELL moved to suspend the special order,
for the purpose of enabling him to report the bill
making appropriations for Indian annuities, &c,
with the amendments of the Senate, and that said
bill be taken up and acted on; which was nega-
tived.
Mr. ROBERTSON moved to suspend the rule,
to enable him to state, in writing, and to have
entered upon the Journal, his reasons for de-
clining to vote on the second resolution reported
by the select committee on the subject of aboli-
tion .
Mr. HOAR suggested that the motion should
be so amended as to enable others who did vote
to assign their reasons for the vote which they
gave.
Mr. LINCOLN moved to amend the motion
so as to suspend the rules for the additional pur-
pose of presenting petitions in relation to the
admission of Arkansas into the Union.
The amendment was negatived, as was also the
original motion.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
In execution of the special order, adopted some
days since, the House proceeded to the consider-
ation of the bill to change the organization of the
Post Office Department, and to provide more effect-
ually for the settlement of the accounts thereof.
The bill had been reported from the Committee
of the Whole with sundry amendments, and the
question was on concurring with the committee
on their proposed amendments.
Various amendments were then read, and con-
curred in without a count.
The clause, as amended, defined the duties of
the Auditor for the Post Office Department, and
particularly that part of it requiring him to per-
form such duties as might be assigned to him by
the Postmaster General and the Secretary of the
Treasury, or either of them. In the original bill
he was made responsible to the former officer
only; it was excepted to, and
The amendment was opposed by Mr. McKAY;
And advocated by Messrs. HARPER and
EVERETT, when it was concurred in.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to non-
concur in the following amendment to the 23d
clause: " And the contracts, in all caaes, shall be
awarded to the lowest bidder."
Mr. JOHNSON briefly explained what he con-
sidered would be the inevitable result if this pro-
vision should be retained.
Mr. EVERETT deemed this a very important
amendment, after the .knowledge they now had
of the abuses in relation to this matter.
The amendment was further discussed by
Messrs. BRIGGS, HARPER, and JOHNSON
of Tennessee.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to amend
the amendment by adding the following thereto:
Except in eases wherein the lowest bidder s-hall here-
after fail to perform the contract entered into by him for
the transportation o! the mail, or shall fail to comply with
the requisitions of this act.
After some discussion, in which Messrs.
EVERETT, HAWES, HUNTSMAN, CON-
NOR, and BRIGGS took part,
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, suggested to
the mover of the amendment the following:
Except in cases wherein the lowest bidder shall will-
fully neglect to perform his. contract, if a conti actor at the
pissagcof this act, or shall willfully neglect hcreaftei toner-
form a contract entered into mth the IJepaitineiit.
Mr. MANN accepted this as a substitute for
his own amendment; and, after some discussion
by Messrs. PEARCE of Rhode Island, WH1T-
TLESEYof Ohio.McCOMAS.P. C. FULLER,
MANN of New York, EVERETT, and HAR-
PER.
Mr. MANN withdrew his amendment, and
the amendment of the committee was concurred
in.
Mr. HUNTSMAN moved to amend the 24th
section, so as to provide that no person engaged
in the printing, publishing, or distributing of
newspapers, periodicals,or tracts,shall beacon-
tractor or postmaster; and that any such person
shall be forthwith dismissed from office.
After a few remarks from Messrs. HUNTS-
MAN, MANN of New York, ROBERTSON,
EVERETT, JOHNSON, of Tennessee, and
GILBERT,
Mr. MANN called for such a division as con-
fined the operation of the amendment to post-
masters; which branch of it was agreed to.
On the second branch of the amendment, Mr.
EVERETT asked for the yeas and nays, when
it was found that there was no quorum present.
Mr. HALL, of Maine, moved a call of the
House, when the Chair counted—ayes 40, noes
45—still no quorum.
Mr. MANN made a few remarks in opposi-
tion to the amendment.
Mr. HUNTSMAN briefly supported it.
1     After a few remarks from Mr. BRIGGS, the
amendment was rejected.
Mr. MANN moved an amendment to the fol-
lowing amendment of the Committee of the
Whole to the thirty-fourth section of the bill:
'• And no person shall he appointed or hold the office of
deputy postmaster who shall not be an actual resident of
i the city or town wherein the office is situated," by adding
[ the following: '* or the district of country usually supplied
i by said office."
! After some remarks by Messrs. GRAVES,
PEARCE of Rhode Island, PARKER, EVER-
ETT, REED, ADAMS, McKAY, and WARD-
WELL, the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY then moved to amend the ori-
ginal amendment by striking out the words, " be
appointed or;" which was agreed to—ayes 92,
noes not counted.
Mr. MANN moved to strike out the word
"deputy;" which was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was then con-
curred in without a division.
The following additional clause agreed to in
Committee of the Whole was then read:
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That from the thir-
ty first day of December, one thousand eight hundred and
thirty-six, the following rates of postage thall be charged
upon all letters and packets carried in the mail of the United
States, excepting such as are by law exempt from postage,
to wit:
For every single letter, or letter composed of one piece,
carried not exceeding fifty miles, five cents.
Oyer fifty, and not exceeding one hundred miles, ten
cents.
Over one hundred, and not exceeding two hundred miles,
fifteen cents.
Over iwo hundred, and not exceeding four hundred miles,
twenty cents.
Over four hundred, and not exceeding eight hundred miles,
twenty-five cents.
Over eight hundred miles, thirty cents.
And for every letter or packet composed of two pieces,
double these rates; and for every letter or packet composed
of three pieces, triple these rates; and for every letter or
packet composed of four or more pieces, quadruple these
rates: Provided That all letter  and packets, of one ounce,
avoirdupois, in weight, or more, shall be charged single for
every quarter of an ounce.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved to strike
out " thirty cents " in the fifteenth line, and insert
" twenty-five." He considered twenty-five cents
quite sufiicient for any distance*
