508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
The motion to amend the Journal was then
negatived— yeas 67, nays 111.
Kir PHILLIPS said it was proper for him to
state, that he had voted in the negative upon the
appeal fiom the decision of the Chair, and that
his vote was not recorded. He moved that the
vote be entered; which was agreed to.
The reading of the Journal was then resumed.
It was stated that on the second resolution, several
gentlemen declined to vote, and among others
Mr. Granger, of New York
Mr. ADAMS said that the gentleman from
New York had assigned, or attempted to assign,
his reasons for declining to vote. That fact did
not appear on the Journal.
Mr. GRANGER moved to amend the Journal
by stating that he "declined to vote upon the
second resolution, and was proceeding to assign
his reasons, when he was called to order by the
Chair."
The CHAIR said it was a well settled rule,
that while the call of the yeas and nays was pro-
gressing, it was out of order to discuss any prop- .
osition, or address any remarks to the House. I
The gentleman had been called to order for a vio- I
lation of this rule.                                                   I
Mr. GRANGER did not censure the Chair.
If there was any responsibility in the case, he
was willing that it should fall upon himself.
Mr. ADAMS asked for the yeas and nays on
Mr. Granger's motion to amend the Journal;
which were not ordered.
After some conversation between the CHAIR
and Messrs. McKENNAN and ROBERTSON,
Mr. PARKS inquired whether it was custom-
ary to enter every interruption or attempt to vio-
late the rules of the House on the Journal>
Mr. GRANGER contended that the 28th rule
of the House, which required every member to
vote unless excused for especial reasons, justified
the course which he had pursued, and that he was
not out of order.
Mr. ADAMS (in reply to Mr. Parks) inquired
if it was customary to move the previous question
upon three resolutions of vital importance, with-
out a single word of debate, and that, too, when
the motion was made by a member of the com-
mittee who reported them, and was sustained by
a majority of that committee' He repeated, was
it customary to crowd down the previous question,
upon subjects so deeply important, without per-
mitting one single word of debate'
The CHAIR reminded the gentleman that he
was wandering from the question betore the
House.
Mr. SPEIGHT had a single word to say in
reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts. He
would ask him whether it was customary, when
a bill was reported for rechartering the Bank of
the United States, to press the previous question
several times the same day upon it, without per-
mitting any debate >
The CHAIRsaid thegentleman was not in order.
Mr. BRIGGS said the House had decided by
a large majouty that the question of excusing
members from voting must be postponed until
after the question before the House was decided.
Directly following that decision, the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Granger] rose while the
call of the yeas and nays was progressing, and
attempted to assign his reasons for not voting.
The gentleman could as properly have risen when
his name was called, and moved to adjourn or to
recommit the resolutions, as to dp what he desired
at the time. He thought that the amendment
proposed to the Journal ought not to be made.
Mr. MANN, of New York, said he was op-
fiosed to the motion entirely. His colleague
Mr. Granger] yesterday undertook knowingly
to commit a violation of the rules and orders of
that House and his duties, for the purpose of es-
caping the responsibility of voting upon a delicate
resolution, in the peculiar attitude he now occu-
pied before the country; and he (Mr. M.) would
theiefore not agree to extend to him any favor or
courtesy whatever.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, supported the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from New
York, and, in the course of his remarks, was
called to oider several times by the Chair, on ac-
count of the irrelevancy of the topics which he
discussed.
Mr. ADAMS requested permission to state the
essential difference between the case cited yester-
day by the Chair, as a precedent, and the case
upon which the decision was made. He was
proceeding, when
The CHAIR said that what the gentleman
proposed to state would have been a proper argu-
ment pending the appeal yesterday from the de-
cision of the Chair, but that it was not now in
order.
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved the previous
question; which was seconded—ayes 86,noes 49;
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The amendment of Mr. Granger was then
negatived—ayes 60, noes 96.
The journal  vas further read, when Mr. AD-
AMS inquired whether there was any entry made
in reference to his not voting on the third resolu-
tion '
The CHAIR said that it was stated the gentle-
man declined voting.
Mr. ADAMS did not decline voting. He had
answered to his name, and had sent that answer
to the Chair.
The CHAIR stated that one of the messengers
had handed to him (for what purpose he knew
not) a paper which he believed to be in the hand-
writing of the gentleman from Massachusetts, to
this eflect: " I hold the resolution to be in direct
violation of the Constitution of the United States,
of the rules of this House, and of the lights of
my constituents."
Mi. ADAMS then moved to amend the Jour-
nal by stating, "when the name of Mr. Adams
was called, he answered," (as above stated,)
" and sent his answer to the Chair."
Mr. A. proceeded to read the case cited by the
Chair, of 1832, when the decision of the main
question was announced where a member asked
to be excused from voting, without first determ-
ining the question of excusing; when he was
interrupted by
The CHAIR, who said that this case had no
relevancy to the motion which had been made to
amend the Journal. It was a mere question of
fact, to be decided by the House, and the debate
upon it must be confined to very narrow limits.
Mr. ADAMS desired to cite the case of 1832,
as a reason why his   amendment   should   be
i adopted.
J     Mr. A. continued his remarks, and proceeded
to read from the case of 1832, when
The CHAIR again interrupted him, and re-
maiked that it was not in order to discuss, upon
the present motion, what the House had done on
a former occasion. He could not see what bear-
ing the case which the gentleman was reading
could possibly have on the question before the
House.
Mr. ADAMS. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair. I am not discussing the question. I
am reading this precedent in order to show that
ray reason should be entered on the Journal for
not voting on the third resolution. He was pro-
ceeding to characterize the document which he
had before commenced reading, when
The CHAIR said it was not competent for the
gentleman to do that indirectly upon the appeal,
which it had been decided he could not do diiectly
upon his motion to amend the Journal.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved the pre-
vious question; which was seconded—ayes 95,
noes not counted; and the mam question was
ordered to be put.
After some conversation between Messrs.
PHILLIPS, WISE, ADAMS, WHITTLE-
SEY of Ohio, WILLIAMS of North Carolina,
and the CHAIR, the question was taken upon the i
appeal of Mr. Adams, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained—ayes 97, noes 40.
The motion of Mr. Adams to amend the Jour-
nal was then negatived without a count.
Mr. ADAM  asked as a favor that the House
would so amend thejournalas to state, that when
his name was called on the vote upon the third
resolution, he " anwotred, but did not vote."
This proposition was discussed by Messrs.
ADAMS, TALIAFERRO, ANTHONY, HA-
MER, WISE, and DROMGOOLE, when
Mr. VANDERPOEL remarked, that had the
gentleman fiom Massachusetts asked to be ex-
cused at the time the vote was taken, he would '
not have opposed his present request. He had,
however, declined voting, and had thereby v 10-
lated the rules of the House. Mr. V was of
opinion that sufficient time had been consumed
by gentlemen in the attempt to remedy their own
disorder. He therefore moved the prevíous ques-
tion, which was sustained by the House.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Adams was
then negatived—yeas 55, nays 117.
The remainder of the Journal was then read,
when (it being half past one o'clock) the House
proceeded to the consideration of the orders of
the day.
The SPEAKER laid before the House two
communications from the President of the United
States, transmitting repoits, in part, fiom the
Secretary of War, in answer to the lesolution of
the House calling for information in regard to the
causes of the Seminole war; which were referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HAYNES moved that the messages and
accompanying documents be printed.
Mr. WISE stated that he had been informed
by the Secretary of War, that the clerks of that
Department were at that time busily engaged in
transcribing the necessary papers and correspond-
ence, and that the whole would be forwaided to
the House by Wednesday next, when it wouli
be better to print the whole together.
Mr. HAYNES said, for that reason, he would
withdraw the motion to print.
RESOLUTIONS  SUBMITTED.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, on leave, sub-
mitted the following resolution, which was agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of allowing a compensation
to John Murray for extra work done on Bodin's Hill, on
the Cumberland road, east of Zanesville
I     On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee,
1 (by general consent,)
| Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to furnish this House with copies of any opinions or argu
mentó which may now be on file in the Treasury Depirt-
ment respecting the claim to lands in Missouri, embodied
in the reports of the late board of commissioners at St Louis,
and which are now before Congress for their decision there-
on.
I              POST  OFFICE  DEPARTMENT.
In execution of the special order of yesterday,
the House resumed the consideration of the "bill
to change the organization of the Post Office De-
partment, and to provide more effectually for the
settlement of the accounts thereof."
The question pending was on concurring with
the Committee of the Whole in their proposition to
amend the bill, by inserting the following clause:
Sec. 38 ~ind be it further enacted, That from the tlurtv
first day ot December, one thousand eight hundred and
thirty six, the following rites ol postage shall be charged
upon all letters and packets carried in the mail nt the
United States, excepting such as are by law exempt from
postage, to wit
For every single letter, or letter composed of one piece,
carried not exceeding fiity miles, five cents
Over fifty and not exceeding one hundred miles, ten
cents.
Over one hundred and not exceeding two hundred miles
fifteen cents
Over two hundred and not exceeding fourhundred miles,
twenty cents
Over four hundred miles and not exceeding eight hun-
hundred miles twenty five cents.
Over eight hundred miles, thirty cents
And lor every letter or packet composed of two pieces,
double these rates; and for every letter or packet composed
of three pieces, triple these rates; and for every letter or
packet composed of four or more piece , quadruple these
rates Provided, That all letters and packets of one ounce
avoirdupois in weight, or more, shall be charged single for
every quarter of an ounce
The question immediately under consideration was the
motion of Mr JOHNSON, of Louisiana, to amend the 15th
line by striking out "thirty," and inserting "twenty five,"
cents.
Mr. CONNOR remarked that the tariff had
been made out with great care by the committee,
after much consultation with the Department, and
he was well assured that no further reduction
could be made, without throwing the expenses
of the Post Office Department, to a certain extent,
upon the Treasury.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said his objection to this
item was only one of a series of objections he
had to the whole section. He entered into a de-
tailed examination of the old and present rates,
and contended that loss would accrue by the pro
posed new tariff
