THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Session, 24th Congress.
MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1836.
Volume 3....No. 33.
the "'slang wring" of newspapers, and he would
refer them to the columns of the Intelligencer and
the United States Telegraph when the editors of
those papers were respectively printers to the
House, and the party to which Mr. S. belonged
were in the minority. Mr. S. then proceeded to
show that the decision of the Chair was right,
and referred to the circumstance of the precedent
cited by the Speaker in support of that position.
Mr. BELL followed in opposition to the de-
cision of the Chair, which he contended to be in
effect an amendment to the established rules of the
House. He maintained that the decision of the
Chair must be reversed by the House. He also
adverted to the manner in which the Journal was
kept, and said it contained a suppression of the
truth in two remarkable instances during the
present session. Mr. E. then briefly adverted to
the article in the Globe, the tendency of which
might be eventually to produce the very disor-
ganization complained of. He said the minority
of the House were tyrannized over, and they
wei-e naturally in a refractory, restless, and per-
turbed condition, and if they could not be heard
orderlv, they would do so disorderly.
Mr.'SPANGLER then obtained the floor.
Mr. JENIFER rose and said: To obviate any
further difficulty, he would withdraw the appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WISE said the appeal was made by him,
and not by the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. JENIFER said he would withdraw the
original motion to be excused from voting.
The CHAIR inquired if the gentleman desired
to record his vote?
Mr. JENIFER replied in the negative.
Mr. SPANGLER went on to show that the
decision of the Chair was correct, and ought not
to be reversed; for otherwise a debate on taking
the vote on a single proposition might run through
weeks or months. He said the whole difficulty
tnd embarrassment had grown out of the fact of
tllowing gentlemen to get up and ask to be ex-
zused, while the yeas and nays were being called,
sr after they had commenced being called.
Mr. ADAMS contended that the Sneaker had
misconstrued the rule of the House. Mr. A. was
satisfied that, by a fair construction of the rule,
the time for a member to ask to be excused was
when his name was called, as the roll was going
through. He referred, also, with some severity,
to the attacks of the Globe upon members of that
House, and particularly upon himself, in which
he had been charged as a common liar.
Mr. BOON said if editors of newspapers were
the contemptible creatures represented by mem-
bers of the House, he thought it improper, if not
evincing a want of dignity, to reply to their
remarks upon that floor. If they were entirely
worthless, why did gentlemen condescend to
reply to them there? For one, he would not do
so. If he was assailed in this way, he would,
if he deemed it necessary, redress the grievance
elsewhere. After the learned dissertation which
they had just heard from the gentleman from
Massachusetts, he humbly conceived that they
had had glory enough for the public service for
one day, in discussing editorial paragraphs, and
the subject of a member sitting in his seat and
refusing or declining to vote; he therefore moved
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded by the
House—ayes 75, noes 46; and the main ques-
tion was ordered to be put, without a count.
The main question, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House? was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 61.
The CHAIR then announced the vote on the
motion of Mr. Lane, to lay the appeal of Mr.
Pattojj on the table; which was—yeas 98, nays
91.
The CHAIR also announced the vote on the
motion of Mr. Craig, to suspend the rules till
one o'clock, in order to fix a day for the con-
sideration of the deposit bill, (pending which
33
motion Mr. Patton declined voting, asked to be
excused, and appealed from the decision of the
Chair,) which was—yeas 123, nays 54.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 31, 1836.
The CHAIR communicated a report of the
, Commissioner of the  General Land Office, in
1 reply to a resolution of the Senate relative to the
number of the sixteenth sections of land in Mis-
! souri, reserved for school purposes.
j               REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
1 Mr. EWING, of Ohio, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported without amendment the
bill from the House providing for the correction
of mistakes in the entry of lands.
EXECUTION OF THE LAWS.
Mr. WRIGHT, on leave, introduced a bill to
provide for the execution of the laws of the
United States in the State of Michigan; which
was twice read and referred.
NATHANIEL SHAVER.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved the reconsider-
ation of the vote taken on the rejection of the bill
for the relief of Nathaniel Shaver; which was
agreed to; and
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the bill
was laid on the table.
AVERY, SALTMARSH AND COMPANY.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented the petition
of Avery, Saltmarsh& Company, contractors for
carrying the mail on the great southern route
between Mobile and New Orleans, stating that
they have lost a great amount of property in con-
I sequence of the hostilities of the Indians, and
! asking Congress to take their case into consider-
ation, and authorize the Postmaster General to
I extend to them such indulgence as may be neces-
sary to enable them to fulfill their contracts; re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
On motion of Mr. EWING, of Ohio, the
amendments submitted by him to the bill to reg-
ulate the deposits of the public moneys, were
ordered to be printed.
CONVENTION WITH SPAIN.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate took up
the  disagreement of the  House of Represent-
atives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill
to provide for carrying into effect the------article
of the treaty with Spain; and, on further motion
by Mr. C, that the Senate insist on its amend-
ment, and ask for a conference, it was carried in
the affirmative, and the committee was directed
to be appointed by the Chair.
RESOLUTION AGREED TO.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Preston was considered and agreed to.
ELEAZER W. RIPLEY.
Mr. HUBBARD gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the adjustment of the accounts of Eleazer W.
Ripley.
i                  RESOLUTIONS AGREED TO.
Mr. HUBBARD submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Woodbury village, Antrim,
through East Hancock, to Greenfield, in New Hampshire.
Mr. TOMLINSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
, to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
for the improvement of Stanford harbor, in Connecticut,
\ iu conformity with the report of the officer by whom that
harbor has been surveyed, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of War.
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The bill confirming the title of Joseph Sorin,
alias La Rochelle, and those claiming under him,
to a tract of land in Missouri, and
The bill for the relief of George Dawson, were
severally taken up, and considered as in Commit-
the of the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
BILLS  PASSED.
The following bills were severally read the
third time and passed:
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Silence
Elliott, deceased;
The bill for the relief of Antonio Seguirá and
others;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Colonel David Hopkins, deceased;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Patrick McGibbony, deceased;
The bill for the relief of James Sutherland and
Rebecca his wife, formerly Rebecca Parkhurst;
The bill providing for the removal of the land
office from Clinton to Jackson, in the State of
Mississippi.
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The following bills were severally read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading:
The bill for the relief of the owners of the ship
Cadmus;
The bill concerning writs of error in the courts
of the United States;
The bill to reward the captors of the frigate
Philadelphia, in the harbor of Tripoli—yeas 26,
nays 10;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of William Ramsey, deceased;
The bill for the relief of A. and J. Dennistown
& Co., of New Orleans;
The bill for the relief of Moses Bliss; and
The bill to establish a depot of arms on the
western frontier of Missouri.
The bill for the relief of Caleb Starks, and the
bill to establish a surveyor general's office in the
State of Illinois, were indefinitely postponed.
The bill to establish the term of the annual
meetings of Congress was taken up and consid-
[ ered.
Mr. PORTER moved to amend the bill by
striking out the first Monday of November, and
inserting the third Monday of November; and,
After some remarks from Mr. BUCHANAN,
the amendment was rejected, and the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
DEPOSITS OF THE PUBLIC MONEYS.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the bill to reg-
ulate the deposits of the public moneys was
taken up.
Mr. WEBSTER, after some preliminary ob-
servations, expressed the hope and belief that the
first branch of the subject comprehended in the
bill — that for the safe-keeping of the public
money—would be acted on during the present
session of Congress, and that some measure sat-
isfactory to both Houses, and to the country,
would be adopted to provide for that object.
From the temper and spirit manifested on all sides
in the Course of this debate, he should infer that
the proposition either of the Senator from South
Carolina, or the one of the Senator from New
York, with reference to this particular branch of
the subject, might be so modified as to be gener-
ally acceptable. He concurred in the propriety
of many of the amendments that had been sug-
gested in the course of the debate. He agreed,
for the reasons given, that it was of considerable
importance that the number of the deposit banks
should be increased. The State banks were not
fitted to be the depositories of such large sums of
money, either by their charters or in their char-
