516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
no more deserving of favors from the Govern- I.
ment than others.   Where, sir, will this express ,
mail be established '    Undoubtedly between the
great commercial cities.
It can support itself nowhere else, and, indeed,
it is very doubtful whether it could support itself
theie. it would, therefore, be confined not only
to the large maritime cities, but to a veiy few of
,j]em__say those between Boston and Baltimore.
The class of persons who would be particularly
benefited bv it, * "uld be the speculators.  It would
be lending the aid of the Government to spt di-
lators, and those who are not content to pursue
business in the rcgulai ordinary mode.  It is well
know n that there is a class of men in all our large
cities, who de-vote themselves (or many of them)
to no regular calling, but who are constantly on
the watch, to avail themselves of the fluctuations
of the market, to speculate out of those who aie
quietly pursuing their business with habits of
industry and frugality, content with their gains,
which,though slowly,are honestly acquired, and
which will be likely to endure.    If, for instance,
on an arrival from abroad bunging information
of a great rise in the price of any particular arti-
cle, or such information as  rendéis it probable
that there will be a scarcity of any paiticular
article, these speculators, by means of agents,
immediately buy up and monopolize all of that
article there is in the country—after which, they
sell back again to the people, at puces affording
to the speculatois enoimous profits.    And these
are the men who are to be particularly benefited
by the proposed expiess mail.    Take, for illus-
tration, a case similar to the one alludtd to aft w
days since, though for another purpose, by the
chairman of  the committee who reported this
bill.    Suppose that, Ly an arrival at New Yoik
from Liverpool, information is obtained of a great
and sudden rise in the puce of cotton.    There-
upon tne speculators immediately dispatch in-
structions to their agents at the South, through
the express mail, and cause the whole ciops of
the planters to be purchased up at prices far be-
low w hat might have been obtained if the owners
of the cotton had been aware of the facts, and
information of the state of the market had been
communicated by the regular and ordinary mail.
Here, the profits on the cotton would not go into
the pockets of him who had raised it by the sweat
of his brow, but into the pockets of the prowling
speculator, who lues upon the industry of others.
It is for the benefit of this class of men that the
express mail will be established.   I know it may
be said that this express mail will be open and
free for every one who chooses to avail himself
of it, and that the planter, in the case supposed,
can procure information by means of it as eaily
as the speculator or his agents.  This is all plaus-
ible enough in theory, but how would it be prac-
tically '   The speculator is constantly upon the
alert; and, immediately upon the receipt of in--
forma'ion affecting materially the price of any
article—say cotton—he dispatches instructions to
his partners or agents.   But will the planter have
m all the commercial cities those sufficiently in-
terested in his affairs to bp equally on the "alert
with the speculators to obtain information, and
equally ready and early to communicate if Such
a supposition cannot be entertained.  Such Jiiendi
are not to be found every day; and to hire a host
of agents for this purpose would be burdensome
and oppressive in the extieme.
But, saying nothing of the speculators, I ask
(said Mi. F.) if it would not in practice be giving
one class of merchants an advantage over others '
It was not to be supposed that all would adopt
this mailfoi their correspondenst, unless, indted,
in the way of self-defense, thty were  all com-
pelled to resort to it; in which case it would be
imposing a heavy burden upon the young mer-
chant who had just commenced business, and
perhaps with a small capital.   To the wealthy
merchant, him who is worth his hundreds of
thousands, this triple postage would be a matter
of no consequence; but it would be far otherwise
to men of smaller capital, but who are quite as
much deserving of aid from the Government as
the more wealthy.   The probability is, therefore,
that all would not avail themselves of this express
mail; it would be confined to a few—those who
are rolling in wealth, and care nothing for the
extra expense—and those " neck or nothing"
men who, in all their transactions , are willing to
incur extraordinary expenses in the expectation
of leaping extracranial v pi ofits, in which case it
will be ptueivej, that in most of the sales and
pinchases in oui commercial cities, particularly
in regard to salts to countiy ictailus, one paity
would be acting upon infoimition obtained by the
express mail, not po<t«ts«!id bv the other The
wholesale deiki might know precisely when it
would be for his m't iest to yield a little in his de-
mands, and when to pi rsi^t in his demands for
antxoioitint pnce The operations, therefoie,
of this niil would be unequal In pactke, what-
ever it may purport to be on the face, it would be
conferring advantages on one cHss to the lnjuiy
of another. EnteiUinmg these views, sn, I feci
bound (said Mr F ) to oppose the concurrence
of the House with the Committee of the Whole
in adopting the proposed amendment.
Mr. HARPER opposed the motion, and went
on to show that an express established by law
would be the suitst safeguard against the impo-
sitions of the speculatois.
Mr. PARKE? , movt d to strike out the words
" on horseback;" which was agreed to.
The section as amended was then concuried
in—ayes 85, noes 33.
Mr. HOWARD moved to non-concur in the
following amendment of the Committee of the
Whole:
Sec   44   .Ind Ic >f further enacted, That the Postmaster
Generil "-hall he authorized to contract loi the tian-porta
tion of the man on iiiliotiMivthciiKM expcditiou- mean 
Provided, [le  hall be eneuled touoso tor apriee note\cectl
mg tlouul" taat which io u-uailv pud for equal freight on
the  ueivetiiisit h ra Irniti    on oulin try merchandise.''
Mi. H called the attention of the House to the
fact that the section gave less than was offered by
the Postmaster General.
Mi. HAWES hoped the House would concur,
so tnat the Postmaster General miuht be so limited
as to prevent the Government fiom being im-
posed upon. Hi hopi J so, also, for the very
íeason assigned by the gentleman fiom Mary-
land, becaube the Postmaster General offered too
mueh.
Mr. BOULDIN said he would vote for this or
any other check that could be put on the monop-
oly of these íailroads. Should a connection of
these raihoads and steam conveyances be made
between New Orleans and New "ioik, and the
combinations be foimed whieh the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr Anthony] had sug-
gested, we should he perfectly at the command,
and under the thumb, of these companies. They
would have the command of the commerce of the
whole Union. They would not carry the mail
for millions a year, because they could speculate
on the market, and no private conveyance could
compete with them. To make a parallel rail and
steamboat route would cost immense sums, and,
from the opinions of the southern politicians,
could not be made. Mr B. caul he would there-
fore throw every obstacle in his power in their
way, and give no encouragement to them, until
it should be understood distinctly, in every case,
upon what terms they would cany the mail. He
knf w he could not break up the present railroads;
but he would now inform them, that by his vote
they could get no encouragement, without it
being first understood upon what terms the mail
would be carried. It made no great odds whether
intelligence be earned in one day oi five,provided
all get the information at the same time. But if
these monopolies obtain these privileges, and by
«team carry information faster than any private
conveyance can cany it, we shall be perfectly at
their command. Mr. B. would, therefore, not
encourage them by giving exorbitant prices for
carrying the mail, and would assure them of it
by voting for limiting the Postmaster General
according to the provision proposed in the bill.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
HOWARD, ANTHONY, CONNOR, DICK-
ERSON,WARDWELL,MANN of New York,
PARKER, BELL, MERCER, McKIM, VAN-
DERPOEL, PEARCE of Rhode Island, JUD-
SON.BRlGGS.THOMAS.and MASON of Vir-
ginia, when
Mr. PARKER moved a further amendment;
which was negatived.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, moved to strike out
the proviso in the section as reported fiom the
committee; but subsequently withdrew the mo-
tion.
Mr. EVERETT moved a substitute for the
section, which he withdrew.
The question was then taken on concurring
with the committee in the adoption of the fore-
going «-ection, and determined in the negative—
ayes 60, noes 63.
Mr. ASH moved that the House adjourn—
ayes 71, noes 44.
The House then, at half past six o'clock, ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 1, 1836.
The following messages, in writing, were re-
ceived from the President of the United States,
by Mi. Donelso! , his Secretary:
Washuxiton. June 1, 1836.
To the Senjte
I transmit herewith to the Senate a communication
which ha  been received from Mi B F Curry, m an«vver
to a ( ill m tde upon him bv the President, tb niic;h the War
Department, in consequence ol the «enou ch irse<¡ winch
wcie preferred against him by one of the hoiionljlc mem
bers of the Senate It seems to lie due to justice tint the
Senate should be furm-hed, a?ree.ibl\ to the n que^t of
Mr Curry, with the explanation-- contained in this com-
munication, particularly as tin y arc aceincd so fir«iti^fac
tory is would render hi  dismissal fiom th< public service,
or even his censure, undeserved and linpront i
ANDREW JACKSON.
Washington, May 31,1836.
To the Senate :
I transmit herewith the response of Samuel Gwin, Esq ,
to the charges affecting his official conduct and ehaiacter,
which were «et forth in the evidence taktn undei the nil
thonty ot the Senate, by the Committee on Public Land*-,
and which was referred to the Prc-ident bv the resolution
of the Senate bearing date the 3d of Mai ch, 1835. This
resolution, and the evidence it refers to, were officially com-
mutucettd to Sir Gwin bv the been my of the Trei-urv,
and the response ot Mr Gwin has been received thioirgli
the ••ame official channel
ANDREW JACKSON
The messages having been read,
Mr BENTON observed that, with respect to
the paper lastreferred to, the answer of Mr. Gwin
to the chaiges made against him on that floor, he
should, as an act of justice to that gentleman,
move that it be printed. The Senate dnected
investigations to be made which involved hisoffi-
cial character and conduct, and which he thought,
from the nature of the instructions under which
they were carried on, were entirely ex jiaite.
The instructions to the comnnssioneis who were
to take the depositions were partly to this effect:
Here Mr. B.readfiomthedocuinentasfollows:
" It is not exppcted that you are to civc notice to my one
of the time and place of taking depositions; nor will any
one be permitted, either as principal oi eounst I, tomteiiero
with you in the performance of your duty, but juu i.iiy,
at jour option, furni-h to any officer who íeside  at a con-
venient distance copies of anv depo-ition« in which he may
be implicated Tins, however, it, left to vour own discre-
Uon "
The instructions went on to say that, if the
commissioner deemed it propei to have counsel,
the fees paid for such puipose would be allowed
him.
Mr. WALL inquired who these instructions
were signed by ?
Mr. BENTON answered that they weie signed
by Geoige Poindexter, chairman of tlie Com-
mittee on Public Lands. He apprehended that
these proceedings were a novelty in the history
of this country, or in that of Great Britain, and
he trusted that they never would occur again.
Mr. Gwin having become acquainted with the
manner in which these investigations had been
carried on—depositions to be taken in the daik
without giving him an oppoitumty to be heard in
his defense—counsel to be feed against him, &c,
had collected a mass of testimony for the puipose
of defending himself, and rebutting the chaigea
I made against him; and all that was now asked
was that tine defense might be printed, and sent
abroad in the same mannei as the accusations
against him had been.
Mr. WALL said he would be glad to know if
these instructions were the act of a committee of
the Senate, or of the man whose name was signed
to them. They seemed to him to be at war with
everything like justice.
Mr. BENTON, in answer, read the resolution
of the Senate under which the Committee on
