1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
Public Lands were directed to make examinations
in relation to alleged frauds with respect to the
pUw ,- Hud^, and the resolution authorizing the
chairman ot the committee to continue the e\ami-
nations in the rectus of the Senate It seemed,
tin ri tore, that the instructions emanated from
the Lind Commi'tce, and were sent by their
chiirmin, Gt orsro Poindexter
Mr C YLHOUN -siid that he knew nothing at
all relimo t> the charges made asrimst Mr.
Gwin, but it appeared to hnn that the regular
course would be to refer the whole subject to the
Committte on Public Lands If Mr. Gwin had
satisfactorily refuted the charges made against
him, or had not succeeded in doing so, the fact
would appear by the report of the committee.
The best way of doing justice to all parties would
be to subject the whole matter to the investiga-
tion of a committee
Mr EWING, of Ohio, hoped that the refer-
ence to the Committee on Public Lands would
not be made. The charges against Mr Gwin
had been made two years ago He (Mr E )
was not a member of the Committee on Public
Lands at that time, and there were very few of
that committee who were now in the Senate. If
the reference proposed w ere not perfectly idle, the
effect would be to renew the investigation into the
charges against Mr. Gwin, together with his de-
fense.
Mr BENTON was also opposed to the refer-
ence. He did not want to see any committee of
that body sit as inquisitors on a citizen of the
United States It seemed to be carrying the busi-
ness of extra-judicial impeachments beyond any-
thing jet sanctioned by the people of this coun-
try, or warranted by the Constitution They had
seen enough of these inquisitorial proceedings in
that bod v. The w hole thing w as wrong from its
inception it began wrong, it went on w rong, and
it ended wrong The Senate had got itself into a
false position, and could not get forwards or back-
wards without another false step The most
becoming thing they could now do was to drop
the whole affair, and print the papers, in order to
a'low the defense to take the same direction that
had been given to the accusation. It would sound
strange to the ears of the people of the United
States, that the Senate of 1834, which set itself up
to rectify all the abuses in the country, should
issue a commission to investigate the character
nnd conduct of an individual, and expressly for-
bid the commissioner to give any information to
the accused of the time and place of taking depo-
sitions against him, or to permit any person to
interfere w ith the performance of his duty,though
he might, at his option, give copies of such depo-
sitions to any officer implicated who might reside
within a convenient distance. Sir, (said Mr B ,)
the whole thing is wrong from beginning to end,
and they had better have done with it at once.
All that was asked by Mr. Gwin was, that as
these charges against him had been printed, and
made a part of the public documents, his answer
should also be printed and put upon the record.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, was not disposed to
answer in behalf of the gentleman who was chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands at the
time these investigations were ordered. If that
gentleman was here he could answer for himself.
With respect to frauds on the public lands, it was
right that each branch of Congress should enter
into investigations to ascertain them, and apply
the proper remedy, it was right that they should
not be permitted to pass without investigation.
He should not undertake to say whether these in-
vestigations were conductedproperly or otherwise.
The gentleman who conducted them was not here
to explain that matter, but he thought the Senate
ought not to exhibit any great anxiety to get out
of this matter, because the investigation was a
very proper one, and under the circumstances then
existing, the Senate could not have done other-
wise than order it. It was not his purpose now
to inquire whether these investigations were con-
ducted properly or not, all he rose for was to
object to the reference to the committee of a mat-
ter long ago passed over. It could not now be
referred for the correction of a present evil, but
to pass judgment on what had heretofore been
done.
Mr   KING, of Alabama, ooserved that the
matter had now gone by, and he could not but
express his regret that such unsuccessful efforts
should have been made to resist a course of pro-
cedure calculated to do the greatest injustice to '
individuals who held ofike under this Govern-
ment He said then, w hat he thought now, that
it was an act of great injustice and oppression,
to give power to the committee to enter into m-
vtsugations touching the moral and official con-
duct of an individual, that individual being absent,
and unable to defend himself, without giving him
an opportunity of knowing what was charged
against him, and of refusing the testimony that
might be offered. The Senate, however, passed
the resolution giving this power to the committee,
with power to send for persons and papers; and
they went on with their examination till towards
the end of the session, when they represented
that they were unable to bring matters to a close,
and requested that the examinations might be con-
tinued by their chairman The chairman him-
self 4aid a resolution to this purport on the table;
and, to his astonishment, as well as of others, the
resolution was sustained by the Senate.
Mr  K. here read the resolution
The resolution was laid on the table, and taken
up for consideration on a subsequent dav, when
the Senator from New York [Mi. Wright] pro-
posed to amend it by doing that which ought
always to be done — to guard the rights of in-
dividuals, and enable them to come forward and
defend themselves, when testimony was offered
impeaching their characters as honest men and
public officers.
[Mr K here read Mr. Wright's amendment ]
This, as he said, was the amendment proposed
to the resolution giving unlimited power to the
chairman of the committee to enter into examina-
tions, without giving notice to the party whose
conduct was to be inquired into, and whose morals
were to be impeached, and astonishing as it was,
this amendment was negatived by a vote taken by
the yeas and nays
[Mr K. then quoted the yeas and nays from
the Journal of the Senate ]
Thus, then, was this immense power given to
a single individual, to go through the country to
make any inquiries he thought necessary, and to
incur any expense he might think proper, (and
I they had had evidence this session of the extent
to which this expense had been carried,) refusing
, any limitation or restriction whatever. This
having been done, it was but an act of justice, on
the part of the Senate, to give to the individual
thus implicated an opportunity of having his de-
fense placed by the side of the accusation. Let
the testimony in favor of Mr Gwin circulate as
widely as did that against him, and then only can
anything like justice be done him. As to any
action by the committee, he agreed with the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr Ewing,] that it was out of
the question, and therefore a reference was not
necessary.
Mr. PORTER was one of those who voted for
these resolutions, and the responsibility that he
took, on that occasion, he was perfectly willing
to justify. He averred that the Senate formed no
incorrect conclusions on that occasion, and that
its conduct was not oppressive and unjust, as
alleged. It could have taken no other course
than the one it did, without defeating the object
in view. Many believed that the greatest frauds
were carried on in the sales of the public lands,
and an inquiry was, therefore, absolutely neces-
sary. But what was the nature of the inquiry ? It
was not into the conduct of any particular officer of
the Government, but the inquiry was directed to
be general as to all the land offices. If represent-
ations were made now that frauds were committed
in any one branch of tv Government, would the
Senator from Alabama refuse to institute an m-
i quiry because a particular officer of the Govern-
ment might be implicated, and the Senate be
called on to impeach him > Was it not common,
in the governments of all other countries as well
as this, to institute inquiries into the conduct of
their officers, to ascertain whether frauds had
been committed> And was it ever heard of before
that such investigations should not go on because
frauds were alleged against individuals ? It was
said that the resolution was extraordinary, be-
cause no opportunity was allowed the individ-
uals whomight be implicated to defend themselves
by a cross-examination of the witnesses. But
was there a charge against any individual > The
inquiry was to be a general one; and would it
therefore be right to give notice to every individ-
ual who might be supposed to be implicated to
come forward to dispiove what might be alleged
against him' It would be very extraoidinary,
indeed, if it should have been thought necessary
to all who might by possibility be involved in the
inquiry. Mr. P. here read the resolutions and
instructions of the committee, commenting on
them at some length, andj ustifying them asproper
and necessary for the occasion The motion of
the Senator from New York to amend, that had
been referred to by the Senator from Alabama,
was resisted on the ground that the resolution was
a mere matter of inquiry, no person believing
that any judgment was to follow it—that it was
purely intended as a foundation for legislative
proceedings It was to proceed like a grand jury;
and he recollected that it was averred at the time,
that this investigation would tend to the injury
of no person whatever, because no judicial pro-
ceedings would be gone into without giving time
to any person implicated to offer evidence in his
defense. If any person was to be tried, it was
on all hands determined to give him an opportu-
nity to come forward and exculpate himself before
any further action would be had. Mr. P. thought,
therefore, that there were no grounds for finding
fault with the proceedings of the Senate. The
investigation was a general one, and while it was
going on, it would have defeated its objects to
give notice relative to the depositions that were to
be taken. Mr. P. had no objection to placing
these papers on the files of the Senate. If the
individual had any evidence, he had rather re-
ceive it than his allegations; but he thought the
whole matter ought to be referred to the examin-
ation of the committee
Mr. CALHOUN very much regretted that the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
should object to the reference of this paper. His
object was that full justice should be done to
Mr Gwin, to Mr. Poindexter,and to the Senate.
He would not agree that the Senate had not the
right to inquire into the conduct of public officers
when serious frauds had been charged against
them, as he had heard alleged on that floor. Se-
rious frauds had been alleged against Mr Gwin,
and among other charges was that he had
amassed a large fortune in a very short time.
This, alone, was very suspicious, and an inves-
tigation was ordered. The session was a short
one, and the committee reported they could not
get through with the examination before its
close—the chairman proposing, by a resolution,
that he should be authorized to go on with the
examinations in the recess. This was agreed
to He did not now purpose to inquire whether
these examinations were conducted properly or
not. One thing was now assumed here, and
that was the innocence of Mr. Gwin and the
guilt of Mr. Poindexter. Now, something was
due to the absent, and an investigation by a
committee was necessary before coming to the
conclusion that Mr. Poindexter was culpable.
Now, as these papers had taken an accusatory
course against Mr. Poindexter, he would ask,
was that gentleman called on for his evidence >
Was he notified that he was to take Mr. Gwin Is
place, and that depositions were to be taken to
implicate him > Was this an ex parte examina-
tion > If it was so improper on the part of the
Senate to clothe Mr. Poindexter with these ex-
traordinary powers, he would ask, were they
prepared to sanction the same thing done by the
Executive, who had given to Mr. Gwin, or soma-
body else, the power to examine into the con-
duct of Mr. Poindexter 
Now, they were called on to rote m the darK
for the printing of these papers, ot which they
knew nothing, forth* purpose ^imvhce.üng Mt.
Poindexter and the Senate itself. He took it for
«minted, that the inquiry into alleged frauds rel-
ative to the public lands was a proper one; and
if Mr. Poindexter abused the power with wtaeh
he was intrusted, it was not the fault of the Sen-
ate; and the fact, whether this was so or not
could be best ascertained by the examination of
a committee.   They had been told that there was
