518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
nothino- for the action of a committee. Now, he |
thought otherwise. The character of an officer
of the Government had been implicated—he had
been changed with an abuse of office, and his de-
fense was"before them. Now, if Mr. Gwin was
innocent, he ou<rht to be called so. When he
voted for the inquiry, his object was to do justice
to Mr. Gwinand to the public; and in voting now
for the reference he had the same object in view.
Justice both towards Mr. Gwin and one who had
formerly been a member of that body required
the reference. If they condemned Mr. Poindex-
ter, it ought to be with their eyes open. They
all knew what an arduous task a Senator in high
party times had to perform, and how liable the
strict execution of his duty was to subject him
to censure. No member of that body would be
willing that his conduct should be censured after
he left here,without an examination; and he called
upon gentlemen, by what was due to themselves,
as well as to justice, to vote for the reference.
Mr. SHEPLEY said, if the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Porter] understands that the
investigations of the Committee on Public Lands
were extended only to inquiries of a general char-
racter into alleged frauds in the sales of the public
lands; that they were designed for legislative pur-
poses only; and that they did not relate to indi-
vidual characters, as his remarks would lead us
to suppose, he is greatly in error.
The language of the resolution of the Senate,
giving the chairman of the committee the power
to make an ex parte inquiry during the recess of
Congress, is, in some respects, expressed in gen-
eral terms. But the resolution directs the chair-
man to proceed in the investigation which had been
prosecuted during the session, and thus refers to
the original resolutions by virtue of which the
investigation had been commenced.
I find those resolutions in the Journal; and to
enable the Senate to come to a correct understand-
ing of the character of the investigation, I will
read an extract from one or two of them. In the
third resolution is found this language:
" That the committee be instructed to inquire whether
the registers of the land offices and the receivers of public
moneys at any of the land offices of the United States, or
either of them, have,in violation of law and of their official
duties, demanded or accepted a bonus or premium from any
purchaser or purchasers of the public lands at public or
private sale, for the benefit of such officer or officers," &c.
And the following language is found in the
fourth resolution:
" And whether any register or reeciver has, at any time,
taken in paymeut the promissory note of any purchaser or
purchasers, bearing an interest, to accrue to the benefit of
such register or receiver.--'
Sir, it is very difficult for me to understand how
such language can be said not to authorize in-
vestigations into the conduct and characters of in-
dividual men. If the object was only to enlighten
us in regard to our legislative duties, it would
aot seem to be necessary to inquire whether a
register or receiver had violated the law and his
official duties.
What were the facts, it might be proper to in-
quire, to enable us to legislate; but, whether the
man had been guilty of a violation of law and of
official duty, was an inquiry directly involving
individual character; and it does not seem to be
necessary for mere purposes of legislation.
It was well understood, at the time the resolu-
tions passed, to involve individual character; and,
as the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
houn] has remarked, Mr. Gwin was openly
charged by the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands with a gross violation of official
duty.
Such was the language of the resolutions, and
such were the circumstances in which it was pro-
posed to enter upon the investigation.
I then thought, as I now think, that it was due
to the officer implicated, due to the character of
the Senate itself, and due to truth and justice,
that the investigation should not proceed in se-
cret, so that the accused could know nothing of
the attempt to destroy his character—could have
no opportunity even to know the persons who
would appear against him, much less to cross-
examine them, or to introduce any explanatory
or rebutting testimony.
Feeling that the first principles of justice were
to be violated in such a proceeding, I offered an
amendment to the fifth resolution.    It is thus
stated on the Journal:
"On motion of Mr. Phepley, to amend the fifth by
striking out all after tlie word ' committee,' and inserting,
'have power to cause testimony to betaken on oath, where
any misconduct is supposed to have taken place touching
the matters aforesaid ; and in ease any person is implicated,
such person to be notified, and be entitled to introduce
testimony in exculpation of himself, and to cross-ejamine
all witnesses inüoduced against him.'"
This proposed amendment was rejected upon
a division, oy yeas and nays—a party vote.
And thus did the Senate deliberately enterupon
an investigation directly impeaching individual
character, and at the same time refuse to the in-
dividual all opportunity of being heard.
A proceeding thus commenced in wrong could
be expected to end only as it has done—in wrong.
Commencing thus before a committee of the
Senate, the investigation was continued during
the recess of Congress by the resolution before
referred to, when another attempt was made by
the then minority to obtain for the persons impli-
cated an opportunity to be heard, and without
success. It is now, after two years have elapsed,
that testimony is offered, said to disprove the
charges made against the officer; and we now are
asked to refuse to print this testimony, that it
may be placed upon our records with that which
was thus secretly obtained and placed on record
against him. I trust we may no longer continue
to act a part so unjust. This testimony should
be printed with our documents, that an opportu-
nity may be afforded to judge of the truth of the
whole matter.
Mr. MANGUM said he voted for the resolu-
tions, and against the amendments; and in doing
so, he thought that he did what was not only
proper, but absolutely necessary, under the cir-
cumstances then presented to him.    It must be
remembered that, in 1834, the entire southern
country was rife with reports that frauds had
been committed with respect to the sales of the
public lands in the Southwest.    He recollected
that, when he  first came  into  the  Senate, he
brought with him such impressions.    There was
a general impression that such frauds had been
practiced, and,under such circumstances, the in-
vestigation was ordered.    What, then, did this
investigation propose?   It was  not to inquire
whether A, B, or C, was guilty, but to inquire
i  whether abuses existed in the land offices, for the
purpose of Spplying a legislative remedy.    They
! were informed on that floor, that in the State of
I Mississippi it was worth a man's life to breathe
j a whisper in relation to these frauds, and that
i men would not give  their depositions,  if the
I parties implicated were to be present.    It was
> under these impressions that he was willing, at
this incipient stage, to give this power to the com-
mittee.    How could such investigations affect an
individual ?   The President would  not remove
him from office on ex parte testimony.  But it was
said that the character of an individual would be
affected.   Was it believed, at the time, that the
Senate would adopta report without giving every
individual an opportunity of defending himself?
He did not concur in the doctrine, that the Sen-
ate had no right to enter into inquiries into the
official conduct of officers of the Government. He
held it to be their duty to ferret out corruption
wherever it is supposed to exist. He was free
to say, that he did not approve of the instructions
of the chairman to the commissioners, as to the
manner of their taking depositions, and he was,
for that reason, willing to vote for the printing of
the answer of Mr. Gwin. Although, without
having seen this paper, he believed that it assailed
the chairmain of the committee and the Senate
with virulence, yet, as he deemed the instruc-
tions under which the depositions were taken to
be wholly irregular, he was willing to gjve to
Mr. Gwin an opportunity of being heard, by
voting for the printing of his defense.
Mr. BENTON observed that it would conduce
to a right view of the subject to take a brief view
of the whole subject. They all recollected the
charges that had been made against Mr. Gwin;
and although his name was not put in the resolu-
tion, yet all knew that the inquiry was com-
menced against him and directed against him.
He had said that the Senate had put itself in a
false position with regard to this whole affair, and
he would take it upon himself to prove it. He
would take what Senators now said, to the right
and left, and compare it with what tliey had done.
They now stated that this movement was incip-
ient; that it was like a grand jury proceeding.
Here, then, was an inquiry instituted against an
officer of the Government; and it was said that
the committee being a grand jury, was not bound
to give notice to the party whose conduct was to
be inquired into. Every gentleman who justified
the course of the Senate, must put it on this
ground. The examinations being thus conducted,
the commissioners who were charged with taking-
testimony were informed that it was not expected
that they should give notice to any person of the
time ana place of their taking depositions, &c.
And here he would observe, that the three com-
missioners appointed to take testimony against
Mr. Gwin, were in a state of violent enmity with
him, and that one of them had since fallen by his
hand. Then what was the testimony that had
been returned to the Senate ? Why, it was im-
peachable matter, charging him with malversa-
tions in office, and filled with the strongest epi-
thets. What, then, did this Senate do, when
their grand jury returned to them this impeach-
able matter sworn against Mr. Gwin? Why, the
very next step of the Senate was to admit that it
was in a false position, and that they could go no
further. They directed that five thousand copies
of the testimony taken ex parte againstthis officer
of the Government, should be published. What
was the next step? Was it to take measures for
an impeachment? Why did they not do this?
It was the next regular step. There was nothing
that they could do, following from the documents
before them, bnt impeach; and he now declared,
as a Senator, that upon such testimony, with
nothing to counteract it, he should, on an im-
peachment, vote the officer guilty, and eject him
from office. Why did they not proceed ? They
had impeachable matter enough on hand. Why
did they stop? It was because they found that
they could go no further without implicating them-
selves. What did they do? Did they frame a
law? No. Did they frame an ex parte impeach-
ment like the one they did against the President
of the United States? No. Imprimis, they or-
dered five thousand copies to be printed, and in
the next place referred the whole affair to the
President, in order that he might dismiss the
accused from office. Why did they send this
impeachable matter to the President? What did
the President do ? He sent a copy of the report
to every officer implicated. This, he presumed,
was the President's course, for it was the just
one. One of these implicated officers had returned
an answer to the charges against him, and this
answer was now sent to the Senate. What a
strange condition the Senate was placed in. They
commenced an impeachment, collected an abund-
ance of impeachable matter, and then sent it to
the President, who sends a copy of itto the officer
impeached, who was not allowed a hearing while
his trial was going on; and the answer of that
officer was now sent back to them. Since the
movement now was to refer these criminal charges
that had been made two years ago, and then
shuffled off, and which were now brought home
to them, he had no objection to that course,
because he wished to see how the committee
would act on them—to see whether they would
bring in a resolution to send the papers to the
House of Representatives, for the purpose of
having an impeachment framed. Sir, (said Mr.
B.,) the Senate has got itself into a false position.
It is in the same position itwasin when it shoved
off the affair upon the President. It could not go
on with the business.   Could they try the im-
Eeachment? He apprehended not. No member,
e thought, would lay a resolution on the table,
declaring that Samuel Gwin was guilty, and
ought to be impeached.
The debate on the expunging resolution had
circulated too widely for gentlemen tó venture on
that. The gentleman from Ohio had said that he
would never refrain from inquiring into frauds
for the purpose of applying the proper remedy.
Why, then, did not the gentleman go on ? Here
was impeachable matter sworn to, and let the
gentleman proceed with it. He would tell the
gentleman that the Senate would be ruined if it
