524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
RESOLUTION.
Mr. MOORE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Rewired, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be nwructed to inquire into the propriety of confirming to
the hem and leal íepre.-einatives of William E. Kennedy
tS-.r cl.i'in aii'Hnk' to mx thousand four hundred acres of
land, iK-ui; a eoncos-ion under tlie Spanish Government,
recommended for confirmation by the board of commis-
sioner-* at tft. it< phen's.
PATENT LAWS.
On motion of Mr. RÜGGLES, the bill to pro-
mote the progress of the useful arts, and to repeal
all other acts on the same subject, was taken up,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole;
and several amendments having been made, it
was reported to the Senate as amended, and laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.                  ,
BILLS PASSED.                                ¡
The following bills were severally read the third
time, and passed:
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Captain Robert White,deceased;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of---------Conway, deceased; and                i
The bill authorizing the purchase of the private
stock in the Louisville and Portland Canal.
INCENDIARY PUBLICATIONS.
The bill to prohibit the circulation through the
post offices of incendiary publications came up on
its third reading; and,                                              ¡
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, it was post-
poned until Monday next.                                      ;
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The following bills were severally read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading:
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Henry Fisher, deceased;
The bill making appropriations for certain in-
ternal improvements in Florida;
The bill supplementary to the act authorizing
the Territory of Florida to open a canal through
the lands of the United States, between the Chipóla
river and St. Andrew's bay, and from Matanzas
to Halifax, in said Territory;
The bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to compromise and finally settle the claims
of the United States against certain banks;
The bill to authorize Daniel Tyler to import an
iron canal boat in detached parts, with the neces-
sary machinery, tools, &c , free of duty; and
The bill for the relief of Nathaniel Canedy.
GENERAL LAND OFFICE.                     I
The bill to reorganize the General Land Office j
was taken up and considered.                                 i
Mr. EWING, after some remarks in explana- \
tion of the bill, moved to fill up the blanks, as
follows:   for the  salary  of  the  commissioner,
#4,000 per annum; the salary of the recorder and
principal clerk of surveys, $2,000 each.
This being agreed to, Mr. E. moved to fill up
the blanks for two principal clerks with salaries
of $2,500 each.
Mr. GRUNDY said he believed that the high-
est salaries given to the chief clerks of any of
the public offices was $2,000 per annum. He
thought, then, as a general rule, it would be bet-
ter, unless they intended to increase the salaries
of all the chief clerks, not to place these chief
clerks at higher salaries than $2,000 each.
Mr. EWING spoke of the importance of the
duties of these clerks, and the amount of labor
they had to perform; but, as the chief clerks in
the other offices were not paid more than $2,000,
he would move to fill up the blank with this sum.
This motion was also agreed to.
Mr. EWING then moved to fill up the blank for
the number of clerks with—one clerk at an annual
salary of $1,600; four clerks at an annual salary
of $1,500 each; and sixteen clerks at an annual
salary of $1,400 each; twenty clerks at an annual
salary of $1,200 each; five clerks at an annual
salary of $1,100 each; and thirty-five clerks at
an annual salary of $1,000 each; one principal
draftsman at a salary of $1,750; and one assistant
draftsman at a salary of él>200'> one messenger
at $700, and one assistant messenger at $350; two
¡ packers and sealers at $450  per annum each.
1 These motions were also agreed to; and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
GENERAL ELEAZER W. RIPLEY.
Mr. HUBBARD, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced a bill
for the relief of General Eleazer W. Ripley.
Mr. H. said: Mr. President, a few mornings
past I gave notice that I should ask leave to in-
troduce a bill giving authority to the Secretary
of War to audit and settle the accounts of Eleazer
W. Ripley with the Government, and to allow
him a pension for a severe wound which he re-
ceived, during the last war, while in the way of
his duty.    I have prepared the bill, and before I
resume my seat I shall ask leave to present it to
the consideration of the Senate.    But, before I
present it, I must be permitted to make a few re-
marks with reference to the extraordinary ser-
vices of General Ripley as a military officer, and
with reference to the, severe, unjust, and unmerited
treatment he nets received at the hands of his Govern-
1 merit, while engaged in the employ of his country.
And I will here state, that my movement in re-
lation to this matter is wholly unknown to Gen-
eral Ripley.    I  have not, up to this  time, ex-
changed a word with him  upon  this  subject.
Whatever I shall say, or whatever I may do, will
be induced by the respect which I entertain for
the high character and honorable services of this
distinguished individual.    I know well his his-
tory.   The success, the fame, the prosperity of
this early friend could not be a matter of indiffer-
ence to me.    I have, in common with his other
New England acquaintances, felt a deep morti-
fication at events which seemed, for a time, to
attach to his character a degree of ignominy; but
recent developments   have wiped away every
shade from his moral reputation; and with great
individual pleasure and satisfaction do I avail
myself of this opportunity to bring forward a
measure, the object of which is to render but an
act oí sheer justice to ahighly honorable, but much
abused and injured fellow-citizen.
The bill which I have prepared,Mr. President,
contains two very distinct provisions. The first
is, that the accounts subsisting between General
Ripley and his Government shall be audited and
settled by the Secretary of War. The second is,
that General Ripley shall be placed on the list of
invalid pensioners, for the wound received while
in public service, and that his pension shall com-
mence at the time the disability was incurred. I
have made myself believe, notwithstanding the
known usage and the practice of the Department,
that every consideration of right and justice calls
upon us to carry into full effect the last provision
of* the bill. That we have not only precedent
upon precedent, giving authority for the proceed-
ing, but the case of General Ripley itself is so
entirely distinguishable from other cases, that I
cannot doubt that, when all the facts shall be known,
the Senate will unhesitatingly adopt that provis-
ion. With reference to the first provision of the
bill, my object has been merely to give authority
to the Secretary of War to settle and finally ad-
just the accounts between General Ripley and the
United States. It was a fact well known, that
these accounts embraced receipts and disburse-
ments of the public money to a great amount
during the last war, and while he was also per-
forming the high and honorable duty of a field-
officer in' the Army. No man was more unwil-
ling, more averse, to perform the additional
duties of a disbursing agent than General Ripley.
He was not calculated for the office. That par-
ticular service ill comported with his habits. He
was uneducated in the school of an accountant;
but it was the call of his Government; it was the
order of his country, and he promptly obeyed
that call; he unhesitatingly submitted to that ,
order; he never shrank from any duty; he never
avoided any responsibility. He did undertake
to disburse the hundreds of thousands which
were committed to his charge; and, at this late
day, it is matter of joy to his friends that it has
finally been twice found by a jury of his country
that every dollar of the public money, received
by him, has bean faithfully and honestly applied,
and that there exists an indebtedness on the part
of the Government to him in a large amount.   I
shall find it necessary, before I close my remarks,
to advert to this history again. I shall find itneces-
sary so to do in order to show the propriety of
carrying into effect the second provision of the
bill which I have prepared, viz: to grant him a
pension for disability, and to have that pension
commence at the date of that disability.
There is a rule of practice prevailing in the
Department with reference to the time when pen-
sions shall commence—and that is when the evi-
dence upon an application shall be closed. It will
be found upon an examination, that that practice
originated under the act of May, 1820, which
provides " that the right any person now has, or
may hereafter acquire, to receive a pension, in
virtue of any law of the United States, shall be
considered to commence at the time of completing
his testimony.'" That act referred exclusively to
those annuitants who were or should be in the
receipt of pensions for revolutionary services; it
in fact referred to the pensioners under the act of
March, 1818. It was not designed to have, nor
in truth could it have, any application to invalid
pensioners under the act of 11th January, 1812.
The claim of the latter class rests upon a totally
different principle—a principle which has been
recognized from the foundation of our own Gov-
ernment—a principle which has been recognized
by every civilized Governraentin Christendom—a
principle not only connected with the justice, but
having an intimate relation to the honor of the
country; that principle is loss of physical power
while in public service; that principle is personal
disability; a deprivation of the means of gaining
a livelihood, occasioned by wounds received in
the performance of military duty; and whenever
it so happens that any one who is thus engaged
shall be deprived of limb, or in any way be dis-
abled, a sense of common humanity, as well as of
1 common justice, would prompt the Government
at once to make up for that disability, if not to
heal, to pour balm into the wounds of the faith-
ful soldier by giving him a pension—a reward
commensurate with the degree of his disability.
i The act of 11th January, 1812, provides "that
if any officer, non-commissioned officer, musician,
or private, shall be disabled by wounds or other-
wise, while in the line of his duty in public
service, he shall be placed on the list of invalids
of the United States, at such rate of pension, and
under such regulations, as are or may be directed
by law: Provided always, That the compensation
to be allowed for such wounds or disabilities to a
commissioned officer shall not exceed, for the
highest rate of disability, half the monthly pay
of such officer at the time of his being disabled or
wounded; and that no officer shall receive more
than the half pay of a lieutenant colonel."
It does seem to me that the language of this
act is too plain, too precise, to admit of cavil or
doubt, and its injunctions are of the most imper-
ative and positive character. It declares that
whoever shall be disabled while in the line of his
duty in public service, shall be placed on the Hit of
invalids of the United States, at such rate of pension
as may be directed by laic.
It will not be denied that General Ripley contin-
ued in the service long after the battle at the sortie
from Fort Erie, adding, year following year, to
i his fame as a military officer; but in that battle he
, was severely and dangerously wounded, and by
that wound he was disabled. His right, then, to an
immediate pension, must depend upon the mean-
ing of the word "disabled," as used in the act.
The late Attorney General (Mr. Taney) has
given a clear and   sensible exposition upon this
Eoint; not with reference to this particular case,
ut to one not unlike it: " Does the word • disa-
i abled' (he remarks) mean that the officer must be
1 disabled from the duties of his station before he
can receive a pension ? or does it mean any de-
! gree of personal debility which renders him less
i able to provide for his subsistence ?   The latter
i interpretation of the word 'disabled' is most con-
sonant with the spirit and objects of the law, and,
indeed, it is the only one consistent with that pro-
vision of the statute which directs that the pen-
sion shall be graduated, so that the  compensa
tion to be allowed toa commissioned officer shall
not exceed half of the monthly pay of such offi-
cer at the time of his being disabled or wounded."
The act provides that the officer disabled shall be
