1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
Ripley, inflicted a deep wound upon his moral ,
character, and committed a positive injury upon
his credit and standing asa man and as a citizen.
I" non t'ie ¡rround of this alleged indebtedness
and defalcation, under a cover of a balance thus
fitivt-i arrayed osrnuiíí Ann upon the books of the
Treasury, the pension to which he was honorably
and hones,üy entitled from the Government has
lyen kept from him, and not a dollar has he
r> a'ized fiom tither the justice or bounty of his
country.
Mi. Piesident, I have now said all that I have
to say, and, in conclusion, will only add that the
Government ousjht not to take advantage of its
own «rong. Such a proceeding would not be
tolerated by the most ordinary judicial tribunal
in our Hnd, with reference to the common deal-
ings between man and man. The claim set up
by the Government against General Ripley had
no foundation in truth or in justice. So say your
own courts; and shall the Government take shel-
ter under that false balance as stated, and deny to
G lie ral Ripley thai v. hich would have been most
readily granted to him in ISiO, had it not been
for this very fictitious balance 5 / cannot—1 will
not belitre it. General Ripley must inevitably
su'Ter from this long n<gleet of his Government,
for hav ing for so longa period withheld from him
hi2>just right. Had he <_ven received in 1320 the
p- .ismn to which he was entitled, he would have
had less cause of complaint; but in addition to all '
l\r <>:htr wrongs which he lias been obliged to
sutFtr, I hope it may not be his fortune to expe-
rt nc furt'ur injustice at the hands of his Gov-
ernment— I hope he will not be obliged to admit
lint l-.s Government made up a false balance
against him, and, by reason of that pretended bat-
ane, withheld from him Ais pension, and when he
had wiped away that balance, and satisfied his
Government that there was not at any period since
he left the Army an y just balance whatever against
him—any indebtedness on his part, that Ais Gov-
ernment trouiJ not now extend to him rights which
would net hare been withheld if this balance had not
thus been stated.
Mr. President, the bill which I have prepared
is intended to give authority to one of the highest
oir-ers of the Government to examine and scru-
tinize these claims, and to audit and settle the
whole account. General Ripley asks no exercise
of~i n- rosity towards himself by the Government.
He only asks justice, and that without further
delay. He has but few years to survive the
wrongs to which he has been exposed in this
rant.fr, as all who know him as I know him can
ph.n!y foresee. Bat he asks to have the last
essential correction applied to these wrongs while
he is yet alive. Sure I am that what he asks,
or rather what is a3ked by me in his behalf,
unsolicited by or unknown to himself, will not
be deemed unreasonable by any member oí this
body who is in possession of the facts. Mr.
President, I ask leave to present the bill. I wish
it read, and I hope that there will be no objection
to its stcond reading at this time, nor to its en-
grossment for a third reading. If objection be
made, I shall not oppose, but should ask for its
reference to the Committee on Pensions.
After some remarks from Messrs. PRESTON,
TOMLINSON, and HUBBARD,
The bill was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
DISTRICT BANKS,
The Senate took up for consideration, as the
special order, the bill to extend the charters of
certain banks in the District of Columbia.
Mr. BENTON made some remarks in opposi-
tion to the bill, contending that the report of the
committee, recommending the recharter of the
banks, was not sustained by the evidence. With
regard to two of these banks that had stopped
payment—the Patriotic Bank of Washington, and
the Farmers and Mechanics' Bank of George-
town—he insisted that they did not make proper
exertions to avoid a suspension of specie pay-
ments-, and that their stoppage, so far from being
necessary, had every appearance of having been
voluntary. In commenting on the various tables
and statementsfurnished by the committee.he con-
tended that the stoppage of the Farmers and Me-
chanic ' Bank for the insignificant «urn of $G,000
was of itself.enough to render them unworthy of
a recharter. Their stoppage was either compul-
sory or it was voluntary. If the latter, it showed
an unpardonable want of fidelity to their obliga-
tions to the public; and if, on the other hand,
they were unable to avoid stopping for the insig-
nificant sum of $6,000, it showed that their re-
sources were too contemptible to render them
worthy of credu.                                                                  ,
Mr. B., in the course of his remarks, read and
commented on the following documents:                   j
H irfer's Ferry, May 16,1836.      '
DurSir: Your letter of the 13th instant I received this i
morning. Early in April, 1834, we expected to pay off ¿lie
roü lor the month of March. Accordingly, on the 7th of
April, I wrote to Colonel J. J. Stull,cas!.icr of the Farmers
and Mechanics' Bank of Georgetown, (the bank through
which we were then directed to" transact our business.) to
send me, as soon as convenient, ten thousand dollars. The
Friday following I expected to have commenced paying,
but the money was not sent on until the 10th, and not re-
ceived by me until the Saturday following; consequently it
arrived too late to pay that week. On Sumlay following, I
received the new< of the failure of the bank; and on Mon-
day or Tuesday (I am not certain which) I set off for the
District. When I reached Georgetown, I liad with me thtr-
teen thousand five hundred and sixty five dollars of the Farm-
ers and Mechanics' Bank paper. I called on the officers
of the bank, and was told by them that the amount of their
paper I had on hand should be exchanged for current funds,
but it could not be done immediately. I deposited then
paper, as they requested, in the Bank of the Metropolis in
Washington city, and some time after received the same
amount from the cashier of that banlz in notes of the Bank
of the Met-ripohs. This is a brief but correct statement of
the facts you require.
I inclose you a copy of the letter I received with the ten
thousand dollars.
(Signed)                                   -------------------.
April 13,1834.
The board met, in pursuance of a call from the President,
at his dwelling;.                                                                          I
Present: The President, Messrs. Hughes, Bradley, Ingle, '
Clarke, and Thompson.
The President and Mr. Clarke were appointed a commit- i
tee to meet committees of the other specie paying banks in
the District, to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, to decide upon
such course as may be necessary in the present deranged
state of the commercial affairs of the country. Adjourned
to meet at four o'clock, p. m., to-morrow.                             i
Movday, April 14,1834.     I
The board met pursuant to adjournment.
Present: The President, Messrs. Smith,Coyle, Blagden,
Hand, Hughes, Ingle, P. Bradley, Clarke, and Thomp-
son.
I     The President and Mr. Clarke reported to the board that,
as a committee appointed for that purpose yesterday, they
had seen and requested an interview with the Farmers'
Bankof Ale*andna, the Bank of Potomac,the Union Bank
of Gcorgetoxcn and Bank of the Mtt-opolis, at twelve o'clock
this day, tor the purpose of taking measures to protect the
respective institutions against the present pressure of the ,
times ; that they had reason to believe that those banks
irottldmeet, but they did not, and, therefore, there is no al- i
tcrnative left but to act for ourselves.   Wherefore,               '
Resolved, At a special meeting of the President and Di- '
rectors of the Patriotic Ban!:, held this day, for the purpose
of taking into consideration the alarming state of the com-
I mercial affairs of tire District, it was unanimously
Resolved, That in the opinion of the board, the interest
of the hank creditors requires that the payment of specie for
its obligations ought to be for the present suspended.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of the board, the report
made by the committee of investigation in January last,
showing that the bank had not only the ability to pay its
obligation^, but to pay the stockholders upwards of one hun-
dred and ten per cent., was a true and correct statement of
the affairs of the bank, and that nothing has occurred thus
far to render the securities of the bank less safe than at that
period.
Retolaei, That the creditors of the bank be requested not
to saenfice their claims, as the board feel authorized to
assure them their claims will all be paid.
In making known this determination, the board need
hardly say, that nothing but the extraordinary juncture of
affairs could have brought them to the painful necessity of
tins accommodation. They earnestly invite all persons to
call and satisfy themselves of the condition of the bank,
and the exertions of the board to sustain the institution,
and that, so far as discretion and prudence would authorize,
they have personallv gone.                                                       '
W. A. BRADLEY, President.
JOHN COYLE.
THOS. BLAGDEN,
J. W. HAND,
M. St. C. CLARKE,
NATHAN SMITH,
THOS. HUGHES,
EDWARD INGLEL
PHINEAS BRADLEY,
P. THOMPSON.
On motion, it was
Resolved, That in fulfillment of pledges already given,
the cash funds of the bank be placed in charge of the presi-
dent and cashier for the purpose of paying off the balances
due to general depositors; tliat the remainder he returned to
the Bankof the Metropolisin liquidation of the loanmadc to
the bank on the I lth instant, and the balance secured by the
transfer of discounted note*.
Comet of letters from Richard Smith, cashier of the branrh
Bank United States at Washington city, to W. A. Brad-
ley, Esq., president of the Patriotic Bank of Washington.
Avru.5, 1831.
My dear Sir : In consequence of demands tor assist-
ance from others, and the small amount of money at our
disposal, the board could not grant you more than ten thou-
sand dollars, which sum you can have if it will benefit you.
It may be. that in the coining week we shall be able to do
more : but of this I am not certain, and would not, there-
fore, flatter you.
Very truly jours,                        R'D SMITH, Cashier.
W. A. Bradley, Esq., Presiden* Patriotic Bank.
!                                                                       April 4,1K34.
Dear Sm: I wish, if you take the discount of ten thou-
sand dollars, that you would send on the note to-morrow
morning, as it will be necessary to reduce the balance due
from your bank. If you can spare anything else in addition,
1 hope you will send it to me to-morrow.
Very truly yours,                        R'D SMITH, Cashier.
W. A. Bradley, Esq., President Patriotic Ban!;.
Office Bank United States,
Washington, ^9priZ 5,1834.
Dear Sir : The post note for $10,000 of your bank, re-
ceived m jour letter of this date, is discounted; and your
account is credited $9,893 33 for the proceeds.
Our board will decide on Tuesday next whether to re-
ceive the note of the Corporation of Washington as collat-
eral security for the post note.
I am, very truly, your obedient servant,
R'D SMITH, CasAier.
G. E. Dyson, Esq., Cashier.
Office Bank United States,
Washington, April 7,1834.
Dear Sir: The balances against the banks are larger
than, under present circumstances, can be permitted.   I
will therefore thank jou to reduce j'onrs by good drafts on
the North at short dates, or in notes of this office, as other-
wise I must draw on you for the amount due.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
lt'D SMITH, Cashier.
George E. Dyson, Esq., Cashier.
April 9,1834.
Dear Sir : I am anxious to know whether you can com-
ply with the request for the payment of the balance due us,
and in what way. Will you be good enough to let me knew
by the bearer r
Very truly j'ours,                         R'D SMITH, Cashier.
Wn. A. Bradley Esq., President.
We have $6,773 74 against you, &c.
Office Bank United States,
Washington, April 10,1834.
Dear Sir : I will thank you to send me by the bearer the
securities named by you yesterday.
Very truly yours,                     R'D SMITH, Cashier.
William A. Bradley, Esq., President Patriotic Bank.
Office Bank United States,
Washington, April 11,1834.
Dear Sir: I send herewith the notes and checks on
your bank, and shall do so et-cri/ morning, as, in the pres-
ent stale of things, balances must not be permitted to accu-
mulate. Whatever you can send me on the North will be
acceptable. If we continue to take notes of jour bank,
and indeed of all banks, they must be redeemed daily,
i         I am very respectfully, vour obedient servant.
!                                                          R'D SMITH, Cashier.
William A. Bradley. Esq., President.
The paper also stated, that on the officers bring-
ing down this money, and demanding payment,
it was deposited by agreement in the Bank of the
Metropolis, where it was shortly paid. After
commenting at some length on the report and
statements furnished by the committee, Mr. B.
said he would oppose the recharter of these banks
by all the means known to parliamentary pro-
ceedings; and gave notice that he would, at a
proper stage of the business, moved to recommit
the bill with instructions to bring in a bill to wind
up the affairs of these banks, and to charter a
new bank or banks, with the necessary restric-
tions, and with small .capital, suited to the capa-
city of the District.
Mr. NILES also addressed the Senate in op-
position to the bill
Mr. KENT said that the Committee on the
District, after the most rigid examination of the
affairs of these banks, had unanimously agreed
to recommend their recharter.    They were per-
fectly satisfied that the banks had been conducted
with the utmost fairness, and that they were per-
fectly solvent.    No banks in the Union (he said)
¡í could present more favorable statements of their
',' condition than these banks did; and he challenged
'the gentleman to show among those of the de-
) posit banks, furnished by the Secretary of the
11 Treasury, fairer statements than were presented
11 by these banks.    He did not intend by this to
I cist any imputation on the deposit banks, lor he
11 believed that they vere generally good, and would
