528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3.
be able, when called on, to return the Government
money in their hands. This he knew, at least,
was the case with the deposit banks at Baltimore.
Air. KING, of Alabama, defended the íeport
of thc'comniittee, and contended that it was fully
borne out bv the most ample testimony. The
committee (he said) had made a strict and labori-
ous m\estis:atioii,and after a most rigid scrutiny
into the alians of these banks, and collecting a
great mass of evidence, they were able unani-
mously to asree in recommending their recharter.
The committee was satisfied of the perfect sol-
vency of these banks, and their ability to comply
with their engagements, and that at the time of
their stoppage there was a most unprecedented
run on them. He must say that he was not alto-
gether satisfied that the Farmers and Mechanics'
Bank had made sufficient efforts toavoid stopping,
though he acknowledged there was a most unex-
ampled run on them; but with regard to the other
bank there could be no doubt but the most stren-
uous efforts in their power were made without
effect to sustain their credit; the directors even
giving their private obligations for this purpose.
The committee had instituted the strictest inves-
tigations for the purpose of ferreting out any
abuses that might exist; and he must say that
the books and papers were freely opened to their
inspection by the officers of the bank, and that
there was nothing but what was satisfactorily ex-
plained. With respect to the bill before them,
he must say to the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Niles,] that it contained everything he
required. The capital of these banks was to
consist of specie, or what was equivalent to spe-
cie.
Mr. BENTON submitted a motion in writing
to lay the bill on the table, to give the Sena-
tors an opportunity of examining the state-
ments of the affairs of the banks whose conduct
had been investigated, and which were then ex-
hibited in the Senate for the first time.
This motion was lost.
After some further remarks from Messrs. BEN-
TON and KENT,
Mr. WRIGHT moved to lay the bill on the
table, to enable him to make a report from the
select committee to which had been referred the
bill to regulate the public deposits; which mo-
tion was agreed to, with the understanding that
the bill was to be taken up after the report was
made.
PUBLIC ..DEPOSITS.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the select committee to
which was referred the bill to regulate the de-
posits of the public moneys, made a report
thereon, accompanied by a new bill as a substi-
tute for the old bill and amendments.
Mr. W. said, to correct some misapprehensions
that might grow out of a paragraph in one of the
morning papers, that this bill was the agreement
of a majority of the committee, and not of the
whole of them, some parts of the bill were agreed
on unanimously, but the most important part of
it was the report of a majority only.
The bill and amendments were then ordered to
be printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WEBSTER rose, and said that he had
seen in the Globe of this morning a paragraph so
flagitiously false respecting his conduct as chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, that he felt it
his duty to say something with regard to it. The
paragraph was in these words:
" It is a most remarkable thing, that while the Opposition
in the Senate every day parade before the public the seven
Bullions in the stock of the Bank of the United States, as a
part of the surplus in the Treasury, they so contrive it that
not a dollar of it can reach the Treasury. Judge White,
Mr. Calhoun, Mr. Clay, and Mr. Webster, are ever and
anon pointing to the seven millions of bank stock as a
fund for distribution; while Mr. Webster, as chairman of
the Committee on Finance, holds back for months, from
the action of the Senate, the bills passed by the House of
Representatives to provide against the notorious conversion
hy Biddle of the means of the old bank to the purposes of
the new. The bill repealing the obligations on the officers
of the Government under the old charter to receive the
notes of the Bank of the United States, notwithstanding it
is known that Biddle is reissuing the notes of the old bank
for the new pretended State Bank, has been smothered for
many weeks in the Senate."
Now he had no other way than this of cor-
recting so erroneous a statement, which reflected
on other members of the committee,, as well as
himself, a majority of whom were members of
the Administration party, and who could report
whenever they pleased. He felt it his duty to
bear testimony to the industry and fidelity with
which every member of the committee had per-
formed his duties. Now the facts were these:
the bill referred to in this paragraph was read in
the Senate for the first time on the 14th of April,
referred to the Committee on Finance on the
same day, and reported back on the 21st. This
was not the first occasion on which he had been
compelled to notice the most direct and palpable
falsehoods of this journal, which are even con-
tradicted by its gwn columns, and contradicted
by the printed journals of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. KENT, the bill to recharter
the District banks was reinstated in its place as
the special order.
i     The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 3, 1836.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the following resolution; which,
under the rule, lies over one day for consideration:
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed to
inquire into the expediency of purchasing for the Army and
Navy of the United States the right to use the Rev. Henry
Reid's improved truss.
On motion of Mr. JARVIS, the following reso-
lution, heretofore reported by him from the same
committee, was taken up:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
ascertain, as far as practicable, and to report to this House
during the first week of the next session, the practicability
of establishing a navy-yard at or near Great Barn Island, in
the straits called East river, which connects Long Island
sound with New York bay ; the comparative advantages
and disadvantages of that site, and the site of the navy-
yard at the Wallabout on Long Island, for the purpose ot a
navy-yard; the expense of erecting the works recommended
by Colonel Baldwin at the Wallabout, according to the
plan presented by that engineer; th'1 expense of a dry dock
at each of the above positions ; the expense of purchasing
the necessary quantity of land, and erecting buildings of
equal convenience with those now owned by the United
States at the Wallabout; and the probable amount for
which the lands, bu.idings, and other property of the United
States at the Wallabout might be disposed of, if offered
for sale.
Mr. DICKERSON moved to amend the same
by inserting after the words " New York bay,"
the following: " Also, at Perth Amboy and Jer-
sey City, in the State of New Jersey." Mr. D.
explained that it would be better to extend the
inquiry to three points than to confine it to one.
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution as amended was adopted.
WESTERN  BOUNDARY OF MISSOURI.
On motion of Mr. EVERETT, the Committee
of the Whole was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill to extend the western
boundary of the State of Missouri, and the same
was brought into the House.
On motion of Mr. E., the bill was then taken
up, read a third time, and passed.
IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT IN THE DISTRICT
OF COLUMBIA.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the following reso-
lution, heretofore reported by him from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, was taken up,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested to
ascertain and report to this House the number of persons
imprisoned for debt since 1890 in the District of Columbia;
the times during which they were imprisoned ; the amount 
of their respective debts ; the portions thereof paid in con-
sequence of their imprisonment; the expenses to creditors
of maintenance, &c, with such other facts as to allegations
of fraud, age, sex, and condition of the parties, as can be
conveniently procured.
HARBOR BILL.
Mr. HARD asked the consent of the House
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That bill No. 523, making appropriation for the
construction and improvement of certain harbors for the
year 1836, be made the special order of the day for the thud
Monday of June instant,
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, would submit
to the gentleman whether that bill was not em-
braced in the special order of the 26th of January
last.    Perhaps the chairman of the Committee
i of Ways and Means would confirm Mr. W. 's
¡ opinion.    *
1 Mr. SMITH said that, as the chairman was
not then in his place, he would inform the House
that the subject had been under the consideration
of the committee, and they came to the conclu-
sion that the " harbor bill" was embraced in the
special order referred to, and it was intended to
move to take it up as soon as the " fortification
bill" was disposed of.
Mr. WHITTLESEY remarked that that was
his impression, whereupon
Mr. HARD withdrew the resolution.
Mr. SMITH asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the House will resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on thp state of the Union on Saturday
next, at two o'clock in the afternoon, to considei,in the
order of the Calendar, the several bills providing for the
erection of marine hospitals in Baltimore, Portland, Wil-
mington, Newport, New Orleans, City Point, (Virginia,)
nearOcracoke Inlet, North Carolina; and the bills to pro-
vide for the erection of public hospitals, and for the pur-
chase of sites for the erection of marine hospitals, on the
western rivers and lakes in the United States.
Objection being made, Mr. S. moved a suspen-
sion of the rules; which was lost.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, asked the con-
sent of the House to move to go into Committee
of the Whole, for half an hour only, on the bill
to provide for the appointment of three additional
paymasters to the Army; which was objected to.
Mr. PHILLIPS, on leave, presented some
memorials on the subject of patent rights.
Sundry bills from the Senate on the Speaker's
table were then taken up, read a firstand second
time, and referred to their, appropriate commit-
tees.
TIME OF MEETING OF CONGRESS.
Among the foregoing was a bill proposing to
change the time of the meeting of Congress,
and to fix a day for the adjournment of the long
session.
[The bill proposed that Congress should assem-
ble on the first Monday of the month of Novem-
ber in each year, and that the adjournment of
the first session  hould take place on the second
Monday in May, unless the two Houses should
otherwise provide.]
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, moved that
the bill be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. WARDWELL said, unless some very
good reasons were offered why the bill should be
committed, he hoped it would be considered at
once. For himself he could see no necessity for
committing it at all.
Mr. SPEIGHT hoped it would be committed,
or at least, if it did pass, he hoped it would
undergo some alteration. He moved that the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
After some remarks from Messrs MERCER,
WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, GLASCOCK, and
McKENNAN,
Mr. WHITTLESEY and Mr. SPEIGHT
respectively withdrew their motions.
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved that the House
then take up the bill.
Mr. PATTON moved to lay it on the table;
which was lost.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to postpone
it till Thursday next; which was lost.
Mr. GILLET said he was in favor of the prin-
ciple of the bill, which anticipated an earlier meet-
ing of Congress, and a much earlier adjournment
of the long session. Our sessions were clearly
extended too late in the season for the health of
members, or the proper dispatch of public busi-
ness. Our meeting is at a time extremelyjnjuri-
ous to the health of those who come from a great
distance. The Constitution gives us the power
of fixing the time of meeting, but leaves the ques-
tion of adjournment untouched. Now, though
he was favorably impressed with the proposition
to meet earlier, he had strong doubts whether we
have, by the Constitution, the power to prescribe
to our successors the time at which they shall
terminate their labors. It was his impression that
the Constitution contemplated that each House
should judge for itself. It prescribes, in case of
disagreement, that the President may adjourn
Congress to such time as he shall see fit.   Hi;
