THE
UHlU'i I1
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOE A SESSION.
First Session, 24th Congress.
MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1836.
Volume 3....No. 34.
mind had liecn brought to the conclusion that each ¡'
Contri ss must judge for itself as to its time of
adjournment. Uut~he might be wron , and he
wished the opinion of the* Judiciary Committee
on that pont. If he was wront;, and should be
convinced of that fact, he should cheerfully vote
accordingly. That committee might jit« u  «n
argument whrch should set him right. Until
men, he must follow the oonnctions of his judg-
ment, and vote against the bill. He could not
consent to attempt to control future Congresses.
They w ill be accountable to the people, and they
ought not to be so shackled as not to be fully re-
sponsible for all their acts. If they should be
adjourned by this law, without transacting the
public business, they would charge the fault upon
 hrs Congress. In order to have this subject
fully examined and properly understood, he there-
fore renewed the motion to commit the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.                                      jj
After some further remarks from Mr. JOHN-
SON, of Kentucky,                                                    I'
Mr. BRIGGS inquired of the Speaker if it  ¡
would bo in order to move to amend the bill by ¡
striking out that clause which prescribes the day
of adjournment of the long sessions ;                       ¡
The SPEAKER said that the motion would
not be in order pending the present motion to
commit to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BRIGGS said the bill contained two prop-  '
osiiions, one fixing the first Monday in Novem-
ber for the annual rae«un| of Congress, and the
second Monday of May for the adjournment of
the first session of each future Congress.    As he
believed the House was now prepared to act upon
(he subject, he hoped the motion to commit would
not prevail.    He was in favor of the first part of
the bill, but opposed to that part of it which
undertakes to fix the day of adjournment of a
future Congress, because, in his opinion, it dame
in direct conflict with  the third section of the
second article of the Constitution of the United
States.    By that section of the Constitution, if
the two Houses of Congress " «hall disagree with
respect to tiie day of adiournmetU, the President
may adjourn them to such time as he shall think
proper.    The bill declares that such adjournment
«hail take placo on the second Monday of May,
unless the two Houses by joint resolution shall
fi * upon a different day.    Should both Houses j ¡
be opposed to that day, by force of this law that |
must be the time; though by the Constitution the
President, in case of suck disagreement, has the
power to fix the day.   This law, in such a case,
takes away this clear and explicit constitutional
right of the Executive.   For this reason be was
opposed to that part of the bill.    He hoped, how-
ever, the House would proceed at once to act
upon the subject, strikeout the last clause, and :
pass  that part of the bill which fixes an earlier  ,
day for the future meeting of Congress.
After some remarks from Mr. VANDER-
POEL,                                                                         I
M r. THOMSON, of Ohio, called for the orders
of the day.                                                                  I
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved to suspend the '
rules till twelve o'clock, for the purpose of pro-
ceeding with the consideration of this bill; winch
w.n agreed to without a count.
The bill was then taken up, and, on motion of
Mr. OWENS, read through by the Clerk.             j
Mr. PATTON briefly opposed it, and Mr. !
HARDEN* made a few remarks in support of it; !
when                                                                             i
Mr. VANDERPOEL said that his colleague '
SAJr. Gillet] had moved to refer the bill to the ,
udiciary Committee, and he hoped that that mo- '
tion would not, in any event, prevail, as every I
jreiitieman was, no doubt, now ready to vote |
finally on the bill; and he would ask the Chair
what the main question would now be, if the pre-
vious question were ordered ?
The CHAIR replied, that the main question
would be, whether the bill «hould be ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading-?
34
Mr. VANDERPOEL demanded the previous
question, which was seconded by the Hpuse;
taken by tellers—ayes 90, noes 39; and the main
question was ordered to be put without a count.
Mr. SPEIGHT asked for the yeas and nays on
the main question i which were ordered.
The main question, on ordering the bill toa
third reading, was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 119, nays 66. So the bill was
ordered to a third reading.
Mr. ADAMS moved to recommit the bill to a
select committee, with instructions to strike out
that part of it referring to the time of the adjourn-
ment of Congress, as he deemed that provision
to be unconstitutional.
Mr. BELL moved to amend the instructions,
by providing that the bill be further amended, So
as to limit the commencement of Congress on the
first Monday of November to the second session
only, or every other year.
Mr. TOUCEY contended that the provision
prescribing the time of adjournment was at vari-
ance with the Constitution, and totally conflicted
with the fifth clause of that instrument. It was
a clear, palpable, manifest violation of the Con-
stitution. Moreover, he was unwilling that the
House of Representatives should put themselves
within the control of the Senate, a smaller body,
which would be the effect of the passage of tins
bill.
Mr. SPEIGHT also opposed the bill. He said
the very time of meeting in November was, of
all other seasons in the year, the most important
for the southern farmer. He also took the ground
of the unconstitutionality of the second provision
of the bill in reference to the day of adjournment.
The hour of twelve having arrived, the special
order was announced by the Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, moved «post-
ponement of the same for one hour, for the pur-
pose of continuing the ccwwideraUon of the subject
then pending; which was «greed to—ayes 123,
noes hot counted.
Mr. SPEIGHT concluded his remarks in. sup-
port of the motion to recommit.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, was opposed
to the bill, and had so shown by his vote. It was
evident, however, that a very large majority of
the House were in favor of it; and as there would,
therefore, be no use in a lengthy discussion, he
demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded by the
House—ayes 80, noes 59; and the main question
was ordered to be put without a count.
Mr. SPEIGHT asked for the yeas and nays
on the main question; which were ordered.
The main question being on the passage of the
bill, it was then taken, ana decided in the affirm-
ative—yeM 101, nays 81; so the bill was passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER presented to the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report from the War Department
in answer to a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the 21st ultimo, respecting the
causes of the Seminole hostilities m Florida;
which message and accompanying documents
were referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
ami ordered to be printed.
i                          POTOMAC BR1DGI!.
The SPEAKER laid before the House another
message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report from the Secretary of the
Treasury in relation to the damages sustained
by the bridge across the Potomac river, in con-
sequence or the recent floods; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
1 Mr. W. B. 8HEPARD, by consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution, authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to have all the necessary
repairs made in the bridge across the Potomac
river, which had arisen in consequenee of the
flood, and that the expense  be paid out of the
unexpended balance of money heretofore appro-
priated for the erection of said bridge; which,
I after some remarks from Mr. MERCER, was
I read twice, and ordered to be cngiossed for a
I third reading this day.
j                        LANDS IN MISSOURI.
j     The'SPEAKER also laid before the House a
I communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
I ury, in answer to a resolution of the House,
transmitting a report from the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, accompanied by certain
opinions and arguments respecting:certain rlairns
to lands in the State of Missouri;  which was
ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
On motion of Mr. BAILEY, it was
Retolceil, That the Committee on Revotnttonsrv Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting
a penMOn to Andrew Rted, of Bnothbay, in (lie Slaw of
Maine, for liu services in the revolutionary war.
On motion of Mr. MERCER, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary^" the Treasurvbc directed
to cause on examination to be made «t the rn¡UK at the re-
cent injur}' of the Potomac bridge, and to reperi the ruciilt
thereof to this Home, along with an estimate of the cost of
repairing the said injury.
On motion of Mr. JUDSON, it was
Rewltei, That the Committee on Claims be instructed to
inquirí into thee.tpediencyof refunding to Jonsrh-in Clark,
Esq., of Hampton, Connecticut, the sum of «30, hv htm
paid into the Treasure of the United States torn pirent,
winch lie has never taken out, and ..bandon* the ¡.ame,
INDIAN ANNUITIES, ETC.
In execution of the special order of yesterday,
the House then resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Smith in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the bill making appropriations for the
current expenses of the Indian department for
Indian annuities, and for other similar objects,
for the year 1836.
The bill had passed theHouse sotee time since,
and was returned fío  the Senate with sundry
amendments.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Bell, from the Committee' on Indian Affairs, \o
disagree to the Senate's, amendment trtcreasing
the item for «' locating reservations, anil certify-
ing contracts, under the treatv with the Creeks
of the 24th of March, 1832," from $7,000 to
>14,000.
Mr. LEWIS had yesterday moved hn amend-
ment to the Senate's amendment, authorizing the
President of the United States to appoint addi-
tional agents for certifying and for investigating
frauds, if he should deem it necessary.
Mr. LEWIS withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BELL produced a document from the
War Department, stating that $7,000 would be
sufficient for the purposes of the object to be ac-
complished.
The amendment of the Senate was then dis-
agreed to.
The ninth amendment of the Senate was thpn
read as follows:                                                , "r
For tiie removal of Cre«k Indians, and their iu!>-i*f iice
Ser one year, meiudjnf «abíistenee ot those recent)? -f«-
inoved. in addition to the balance otfl5*jm M leri««
appropriation . 1f>í4í¡.93í-                              _,             ,
Fot the removal of Srtnindle ihdhm*. and their inM*t-
ence for one year, in addition to a balance ot J?.i3,t o ot
fonnerapptwpTi«tio «T$15s i*37 s*"
Mr. BELL, under instruction* from the Cotrt-
miwer on Indian Affairs, moved that tiia Com-
mittee of the Whole- House «free unhis amend-
ment, with th* following; anttndmenisf            '*
Before the word "Vtttk," ¡a tb«*mli e,f«Mft" «*&■
VS^ur««Wj30," mi ta*r«, la  lieu thereof,
"ItSc'ont"" «158,437 aty  and insert, in lieu thereof,
«ftlOJ,000.                                          ,     .        ,       .
1W r EVERETT proposed a substitute for the
above, to come in afier the Senate's raiment.
aTfoliowsr "Under the twelfth article, ot the
Crefek t«£y of MSB/and ftr holtímg'tr^ues with
tb.eho.Se Indians east of the river Mississippi.
