íge.
W® QQWGWemmAb GhQW-
Ó81
S. The banks to paj no bonds, but the stock to be subject
to taxation, like any «tfe*r property hi the District.   Thr 11
notes h>.ii'-d  hv the tanks to be subject to taxation, by I'
«Wmr  duties- or otherwi«e.                                               t
3. Every stockholder to be hable to the creditor* of the
bank, in his person and property, for the debts of the insti-
Mliou, to tin- amount of his stock, in the event of the fail-
ure of the bank to pit gold and silver; with summary pro-
e« s for the recoven-': and all alienations of stock to "avoid
taw liahMitv to be void.
4 Tlio tunics to i«siie no notes of less denomination than
twenty dollars; and all notes of less denomination than
twentv dollars, issued hv other hanks, to be prohibited from
circulation w ithin the Distnet.
S. All the note  and paper currency issued by safd banks
to be paid in gold and silver; one half of either at the op
lion of the demaader, the other half at the option of the
bank.
t. The banks to own no real estate except ft>r ks imme-
diate accommodation.
7.  To deal m nothing but gold and silver bullion, and In
foreign and domestic bills of exchange. Tbe charters to
be forfeited for buying or selling any coin made current by
the lan-s uf the United States.
8.  The charters to be limited to moderate terms of years,
tad to expire at dutereut periods {rout each other.
9.  Tbe charters to be alterable, amendable, and repeal-
abie, at the will of Congress, and not renewable under any
terms whatever.
After some remarks from Messrs. SOUTH-
ARD and WALKER in favor of the bill, and in
opposition to the motion,                                          i
Mr.   BENTON asked that the question  be
taken first on the motion to recommit the bill; (
which was agreed to; and the question was de- >'
cided in die negative—yeas 10, nays 98; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Ewing of Illinois, Kin* of
Georgia, Viles, Hives, Robinson, Shepley, Wall, White,
and Wright—10.
JiAVs—Messrs. Black, Bacbanan, Calhoun, Cray, Crit-
tenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Ewing of Ohio, GoMsborough,
Hcndnck", (lubbard, Kent, King of Alabama, Knight,
Leigh, Dfoore, Naudain, tfichoftn, Porter. Prentiss, Preston,
KobiNiki, Southard, Swift, Tallmadge, Torahnson, Walker,
and Webster—28.                                                             '
Mr BENTON moved to strikeout the name .
«f the Farmers and Mechanics' Bank of George- ,
town; which motion was decided h  the negative ,
—yeas 9, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS — Mean*. Benton, Ewing of Illinois, King of
Georgia, Nile*, Bobunos,Shepley, Wall, While,«ad Wright
—9.                                                            •                     '
NAYS—Messrs.  Black, Buchanan, Clay, fírittenden,
Cuthbert. Davi-", Ewin  of Ohio, Goid<bor ii$h, Hendricks,   i
Hubbard, Kent. King of Alabama. Knight, Leigh, Moore,   ,
Naudain, Nicholas,   Prentiss, Preston, Rives,   Robbros,
Soutiard,   Swift, Tallmadge, Tomlinson,   Walker, and
Webster-27.
Mr. BENTON moved to strike out the name
of the Commercial Bank of Washington, to be
formed by tbe union of the Bank of Washington
and the Patriotic Bank of Washington; which
motion was rejected—yeas 10, nays 27; as fol-
lows:
YEAS'—Messrs. Rento , Ewing of Illinois, King of
Geors-a, Vii««, Robinson, Ituggles, Shepley, Wall, Wbj(e,
and N'rigbt—10.
JiAYtf- Messrs. Black, Buchanan, Clay, Crittenden,
Cuilibert, risvw, Ewing of Ohio, Coldsboroogh, Hendricks,
Hubbard, Kent, King of Alabama, Knight, Moore, Nau-
dain, Nicholas, Purter, Frental, Preston, Hives, Bobbins,
Southard, Swift, TaUmadge, Tomlinson, Walker, and
Webster—2".
Mr. BENTON moved to strike out one of the '
two description  of capital provided for in the
bill, included in the words, " and property equiv-
alent to specie;" which motion was rejected—
yeas 11, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bemon,Blaek, Ewing of Illinois, King
of Ceorzia, Niles, Robinson, Rujgles, Shepley, Wall,White, .
and Wright—11.                                                              ¡
NAYS—Messrs. Buchanan, Clay. Crittenden, Cuthbert,
Dans, Ewing of Ohio, GoWsboroogh, Hendricks, Hubbard,
Kent, Kin: of Alabama, Knight, Leigh, Moore, Naudain,
Nichols , Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Robbins, South-
- «rd. Swift, Tallmadge, Tomlinson, Walker, and Webster,
—27.
M r. BENTON moved to strike out the other de-
scription of capital describedin the words, " funds
equivalent to specie;" which motion was also
rejected—yeas 9, nays 28; as follows:                    ,
YEA9—Messrs. Benton, Ewing of Illinois, KingofGeor- I
(¡a, Nile*, Robinson, Shepley, Wall, White, and Wright i
—8.                                                                                I
NAYS—Messrs. Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, ]
Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough, HendrickB, Hubbard,
Kent, King of Alabama, Knijht, Leigh, Moore, Naudain,
Nicholas. Porter, Prentbf, Preston, Rives, Bobbins, South-
ard, 6wi4, Tallmadge, TomUusOnj Walker, and Webster
—as.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for
•• third reading—yeas 30, nays 9; as follows:
Y&AA—Messrs. Black, Buchanan, Calboun, Clay, Crit-
tenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Ewing of Illinois, Ewing of Ohio,
Goldsborotigh, Hcndnck . Hubbard, Kent, Kingot Alabama,
Knijiht, Leigh, Moore, Xaudain, Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss,
Preston, Ki\ cs, Bobbins, Southard, Sivid, Tallmads-e, Tom-
Iin«on, Walker, and Webster—.TO.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, King of Georgia. Nilcs, Rob-
nson, Ruggles, Shepley, Wall, White, and Wright—9.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Satirdat, June 4, 1836.
Mr. HAWES asked the consent of the House
to take up the joint resolution of the Senate,
fixing the day of adjournment of the present ses-
sion of Congress.
Objection being made, Mr. H. moved a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. HEISTER asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. CUSHMAN moved a call of the House.
Mr. CRAIG asked for the yeas and nays on
that motion; which were ordered.
The motion for a call of the House was lost—
yeas 59, nays 94.
The motion to suspend the rules was also de-
cided in the negative—yeas 104, nays 72; not
two-thirds.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the bill from the. Senate to re-
ward the captors of the Tripolitan frigate Phila-
delphia; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. J., from the same committee, also reported
from the Senate the bill to provide for the pav-
mentof the passage of General La Fayette in 1824,
with the recommendation that the same do not
pass, and moved that it be laid on the table; which
was agreed to.
Ata subsequent stage of the proceedings,
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to reconsider the
vote laying this bill on the table, so that it might
take the ordinary course, and be referred to the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STORER moved to lay that motion on the
table; which was agreed to.
[Mr. CttAfnv, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an adverse report upon the
petition of Blair Moran; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.]
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. HARRI80N, of Missouri, moved a sus-
pension of the rules, for the purpose of offering !
a resolution making the bill granting the right of
preemption to actual settlers on the public lands
the special order of the day for the third Wednes-
day in this month; which was lost.
Mr. SEVIER made a similar motion to set
apart Wednesday and Thursday mornings next,
from ten till one o'clock, for the consideration of
the local business of the Territories, with the ex-
ception of the bills for the admission of Michigan
and Arkansas into the Union; which was also
lost.
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, of Ohio, the
House then proceeded to the orders of the day.
PEA PATCH ISLAND.
The bill to authorize a compromise, nnd secure
to the United States the title to the Pea Patch
Island, in the river Delaware, was the first bill in
order, the question being on its final passage.
Mr. MILLIGAN moved to lay it on the table.
, Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, aslced for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered; and the
question was decided in the affirmative—yeas 96,
nays 87.
•   ¿jo the bill was laid on the table.                '
ORDER OF BUSINESS—AGAIN.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said that the period of
the session was so late, and there were so many
important bills before the House, he felt dam-
pened to move a suspension of the rules, iur the
purpoge of proceeding with the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for certain fortifi-
cation , for the year 1836; and on that motion
he asked for the yeas and nays; which were or-
, dercd.
1     Mr. KINNARD moved to amend the motion
> by including the bill frtom the Senate in relation
to the Cumberland road.
Mr. ALLEN) «f Kentvekfi moved to include
the bill in relation to the revolutionary soldiers.
Mr. BR1GGS moved to lay the m«üon to sus-
pend on the table.
Mr. CAMBRELENG called for the yeas and
nays; which being ordered,
Mr. BRIGGS withdrew his motiun.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, renewed
it.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois.askcd for the yeas
1 and nays; which being ordered,
■    Mr. WÍLL1AMS withdrew rhe rhntion.
1    Mr. Allen's motion was then negatived.
i     Mr. ASHLEY moved to amend the motion of
the gentleman  from Indiana, [Mr.   Kinnard,]
by including the bill  to  continue trie  national
road from the Mississippi to the «ty of Jeffer-
son, Missouri; which was lqat.
Mr. McCARTY then asked for the yeas and
nays on the amendment of his colleague, [Mr.
Kinnard,] which were not ordered; and the
amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SEVIER moved to include" in the motion
of the gentleman from New York the two bills
for the admission of Arkansas and Michigan
into the Union. He remarked that he hoped the
House would consent to take up those bills, con-
sider them, and stick to them till they were dis-
posed of.   The motion was lost.
■The question then recurred on the Original mo-
tion of Mr. Cambrklkns, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 95, nays 89; no: two thirds.
The House then proceeded to tiie considera-
tion of the private orders.
PRIVATE  BILLS.
The bill for the relief of Don Louis Rosamond
Orillion, w«g, on motion of Mr. Hmítsmaj?,
postponed till Friday.next.             ¡
The bill for the relief of Thomas McClelland
and James Smith was taken up—the question
being on its final passage.
Mr. MANN, of New York, opposed die bill;
and after some further remarks from Messrs.
LANE, BELL, HARDIN, PARKS, PIERCE
of New Hampshire, TOÜCEY, GARLAND of
Virginia.WHITTLESEYof Ohio, and MASON
of Ohio,
Mr. MANN moved to_recommit the bill to the
Committee of Claims; which was lost.
Mr. CRANE asked for tho' yeas and nays an
the passage of the bill;" which wero not ordered;
and the question being taken, the tellers reported-
ayes 6C, noes 51—notjr^orum.                     '
Mt.' MANN then renewed the cajl for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered; and were—
yeas 88, nays 62.
So the bill was passed.        >*
CONVENTION WITH SPAIÍÍ.
Mr. ADAMS, on leave, from the committee
of conference on the part of the House upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the act
to carry into effect the convention between the
United States and Spain, inade a report theroon,
(which had been already concurred in by the
Senate,) which was concurred in by the House.
POTOMAC BRIDGE.
On motion of Mr. EOULDIN,the House took
üp the joint resolution 'authorizing the repair of
the Potomac bridge; and  the same was read a
third time and passed.
JOHN M'CARROLL.'jrf.
The bill for the relief of John McCwolli Jr< 
was read a third time, the question beingon, it 
passage; and., after sovae^ .remarks fron  MVssra.
M ANN of New York, HÁ^fES, TALIAFER-
RO, UNDERWOOD, MERCER, gOULDIN,
CHAMBERS <jf Penrtsylvama, MASDKpf Vu-
ginia, VINTON, and PARKER^
* Mr- PARKEK;mpTed to postppne the btH W
Friday next; whioh wa# iect  - .a - • '* • - ■'*.v
The discussion was fiurtfcei  wsftthwett fey
Messrs. HUNTSMAN a$* McCO>iAS'
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisaha, moved the pre-
vious question; when forty-two only votingtn
the affirmative, (there being no quoium present,;
Mr. J. withdrew the motion.   - ,   «     ..      ' "
After some further rema. Its frqtn -Messrs.
HUNTSMAN and PARKER^, y.i-i ;
Mr. ANTHONY mov**! p>  #JrT*n,tt'> «a"*
I was carried; and the HouwMttWW'K- '
