§91
fm mxmímoWArí&tóÉW
Juftti &
On motion of -Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, '
it WHS
;■,      t,-   T nt the Committee of Claim  be instructed
to iiiou re into the e<p«-dtei'cv of allown* to Jo'in Mc
Cat i   In- f I'"  ,or lll,or P**r «'iiied on «lie t uwberland
ro.nl « -t ol till Uno nvrr, Jiid W.-u llie aocotupaiijmg
c\ ,\'i •• .'   ic trrcJ : > -.i it «.om i lit e
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio,
It \\ as
Raoleed, That the Comantiee of Invalid Pension  be
uwrucud to inquire mtoiheesuedicticj of allowing a pen-
«iin *■> l.fii Jo iv«on. rprwnundi ri et ived by turn while in
llie militan service m the United States
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, it was
Rev' ri. T '.it the Committee on Mihtarv Adah* be in
«t*'i "ed to inquire into the expediency of providing bviaw
lor plai nig at llie dispo^u ot me Governor of the State of
Misjtour., lor the use of that State, cannon, carnajes, and
oil ihe jMvrwan implement* and appendages thereto, com
pkteiortlie ñ UUioimocomptmo of light artillery, to be
used x- alorej-,nd, so long ar. the wesfrn border of said
¡-Lite í'iall continue to bt the abode of numerous Indian
Uid«                                                                                             ,
On motion of Mr. BAILEY, it was                      i
Jiaaitcd, Tbat llie Committee on Revolutionary Pension 
be m iructetl to inquire into the e\p«Mlieney of granting a
pension io Richard Lanen.ot New Castle, in the county
or Liuicoln, State of Maine, and tbat the accompanying
document , relating to hw revolutionary services, be referred
to laitcouiut.itee.
IMMAN ANWVTTIES, ETC.
In further execution of the special order, the
Hou*% on motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, then
resniveá itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, [Mr. Smith in the chair,]
and resumed the consideration of the bill making
appiopriations for the current expenses of the In-
dian d partment, for Indian annuities, andfor other
simmr objects, for the year 1836.
The question pending was the ninth amend-
ment made to the bill by the Senate; as follows:
For the remo val of Greek indmus, and tfceir subsistence
for rue vear.including subsistence of tbo e recently re-
moved, i. addition to rbe batanee ot $150,000 ot former
appropriations, $34¿¿!30.
For Uie removal ot Seminóte Indiana, and their sub-
sistence tjr one year, in addition to a balance of 933,000 of
former appropriations, $108,437 50.
Mr. BELL, under instructions from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, moved that the Com-
mittee of the Whole House agree to this amend-
ment, with the following amendments:
Before the word "Creek," in the first line, insert *21,M0."
Strike out '• 348.230," and insert, '• 1,023,550.''
Strike out" 1 j¿,437 SO,-' and insert," 100,000."
Mr. EVERETT proposed a substitute for the
above, to come in after the Senate's amendment,
as follows: "Under the 12th article of the Creek
treaty of lc32, and for holding treaties with the
hostile Indians east of the river Mississippi, and
for their removal west of that river, $675,330,"
and addressed the committee at «Teat length on
the subject of his amendment, and on the general
policy of the Government tn reference to the In-
dian tribes.
. Mr. VINTON moved to by the bill aside and
proceed to the consideration of some of the other
billsembraced in the special order,onthe ground
of want of sufficient information from the War
Department.
Mr. OWENS oppottd the- motion on the
ground that the bill was cue of great importance
to the South; that the information required was
riot important; that by delaying the bill for the
purpose of obtaining papers called for, the bill
might be lost-, that the discussion could still pro-
ceed in committee. When the bill came into the
House, the information called for would in all
piobabihty be read, and then gentlemen could
discuss the subject at large-
Mr. GRENNELL briefly supported it, and
moved that the c6mmittee rise, but withdrew it
at the renuest of Mr. Glascock.
Mr. ViNTON withdrew his motion to post-
pone; and the subject of the amendments was
then discussed jat length by Messrs. HAYNES,
ADAMS, SPEIGHT. MANN of New York,
GREÍÍNELL7EVERETT, WÍSE, LEWIS,
ASHLEY, BELL, and GLASCOCK.
After proceeding for «one time, the latter gen-
tleman gave way to
*.'"'Mt. BELL, on whose motion the committee
temporarily rose; and
The SPEAKER ¡aid before the House a variety
of execuuve communfeatroris, from the Wtr
I Department,<£c.,in relation to Indian hostilities;
which were ordered to be printed.                            i
The House then a;rrun went into committee,
and Mr. GLASCOCK concluded his remaiks.
The amendment of Mr. Eierett was then re-
jected—yeas 28, nays 93.
The amendment proposed by the Committee
on Indian Afiairs was then agreed to; and the
Senate's amendment, as amended, was concurred
in without a division.
The tenth amendment of the Senate, as follows,
was then concurred in:
Src. 4. .ímí he it further cnetctet, That the Secretan'of
War be, and lie   licrebv, authorized and directed to invest
in a manner which shall be, in his judgment, most safe
and beneficial tor the lund, the sum of $33,912 40, berng
money in llie Treasury as the proceeds of lands purchased
from the Seneea Indians, ot Sandusky, by a treaty con-
cluded on the 38th ot February, 1831 ; from the Sénecas
and Shaunees by a treaty concluded on the 20th of June,
1831 ; and tVom the Shawnees hv a treaty concluded on the
8th of Auiu^t, 1831, and upon which sum the United States
are, by stipulations in the said treaties, bound to pay to the
said Indians an annual interest at the rata of fiv* per cent,
per annum : Provided, That the said Secretary shall make i
no investment of the said sum, or anv portion of it, at a |
lower rate of interest than five her cent per annum.
The following bping the eleventh amendment
of the Senate, was then read:
.     Sec. 5. And. f e it fui ther enacted, That it shall be compe-
tent for the President to assign to the  Indian agent at
Michihtnackinac, in addition to his proper duties, the duties
i: of superintendent of Indian affairs tor all that district of
I country heretofore constitutin* the Territory of Michigan,
I and lung east of the line estiblished as the eastern bound-
srv of the Territory of Wisconsin by the act of Congress
of'the StHta of April, 183S: Protudta, aeirener, Thai no ad<-
diuonnl compensation, or emolument, shall lie granted on
account of the said duties; and the President may require
the said agent to re«ide at such place as he may think fit
within the said district.
This amendment was also concurred in without
a division.
'Mr. LOVE proposed an amendment appropri-
ating $650 fVir the expenses of the Seneca delega-
tion to Washington; which was agreed to.
Mr. SEVIER submitted an amendment author-
izing the appointment of a superintendent of In-
dian affairs south of the Missouri river, with the
samé salary as the similar officer at St. Louis;
I   which, after some remarks from Mr. S. and Mr.
ASHLEY, was rejected.
II       Mr. SEVIER submitted another amendment,
to provide for the compensation to certain Indian
agents of Creeks, Cherokees, ChbctaWS, Q.ua-
paws, dtc.
Mr. CAMBRELENG suggested to the gentle-
man that he had better submit these amendments
when the Cherokee bill came up.
On motion of Mr CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee then rose^and the bill and amendments
were reported to-the House.
Several amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole were then severally con-
curred in.
On the ninth amendment, (discussed at length
in Committee of the Whole,)
Mr. VINTON asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and Mr. V. also called for
a division of the question; first on that branch of
the amendment containing the appropriation for
the removal and subsistence of the Creek Indians;
and, secondly, on that relating to the Seminóles.
After some remarks from Mr. ASHLEY, in
opposition to the amendment, the question was
taken; and it was concurred in—yeas 106, nays
50; and the amendment of the Senate as'amended
was also concurred in.
The question was then taken on the second
branch of the amendment,and concurred in with-
out a count; and the amendment as amended was
also concurred in.
The other amendments were then severally
concurred in by the House.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
On motion QfMnStJTHÉrlLANP,tr<e*Hqs)se,
by generaf eonseni, took up sundry bills from the
Senate; which were read twictf, kfti referred to
iheir appropriate standing committees.
SALARIES OF REVENUE OFFICERS.
On motion of Mr. SUTHERLAND, the
House went into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
Speicbt in the chair,) on the bill to provide for
the salaries of officers of revenue cutters, and
the tame having been amended, 'was reported
to the House, the amendment concurred in, and
the bill oidered to a third reading.
R. P. LETCHER A„YD T. P. BIOORE,
On motion of Mr. MASON, of Vitgmia, the
House again went into Committee of tíie Whole
and on the bill for the relief of Robert P. Letcher
and Thomas P. Moore.
[The principles involved in this bill are gen-
erally known. These two gentlemen both
claimed to have been returned to Congress from
the fifth congressional district of Kentucky, and
both presented themselves at the bar at the first
session of the last Congress. The House came
to a resolution that neither gentleman should then
take the seat until the Committee of Elections
had investigated the merits of the case, and they
accordingly both returned home to collect testi-
mony, &c. The committee made a report that
Thomas P. Moore had a majority of the votes,
and was therefore entitled to the seat; but the
House, after a lengthy discussion, decided some
time in the month of June, that it could come to
no conclusion, and finally sent it back to the peo-
ple. The foregoing bill appropriated the usual
pay and mileage to each of the gentlemen.]
The bill having been read,
I     Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to strike out that
part relating to the pay to Thomas P. Moore.
He did so on the same ground he had voted against
i the payment to Mr. Newland, viz: that, no more
than one being entitled to the seat, no more titan
one was entitled to the pay.
1     Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky,remarked that
this bill was defeated at the last session of Con-
gress on the very ground that it provided for the
paymeht of only one of the gentlemen; and he
therefore  hoped his colleague would withdraw
his proposition.
1 Mr. BOND opposed the whole bill, on the
ground that Congress having arrived at the con-
clusion that neither of the gentlemen was entitled
to the seat, therefore, neither of them ought to be
paid. He addressed the committee at some length
on the subject. He adverted to the fact that one
of the individuals had presented to the House a
release or protest from any claim, and he saw no
reason why it should be forced upon him.
Mr. MASON said he believed the case from
Kentucky was the first which had occurred, in
which neither of the contesting members had a
complete return, and neither was permitted to
take a seat until the House could decide on the
right to the contested seat.
In reference to Mr. Moore's letter, referred to
by Mr. Bond a* a " protest," Mr. M. remarked
that it ought not to affect any rights which he
[Mr. Moore] might possess. It was written in
a spirit of generosity, and with the hope ex-
pressed, that a desire to allow him pay «night not
affect or prejudice the claim of his opponent.
Mr. BRIGGS sent to the Clerk's table a letter
from Mr. Moore, addressed to the Speaker of the
House, on the subject; which was read.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, made a brief expla-
nation in relation to the contents of the letter.
He said he himself had originally introduced the
resolution directing the standing committee to
inquire in to the expediency of psrying Mr. Letcher.
The name of Mr. Moore was not included in his
resolution, butt&ored by another gentleman; and
so amended, the House adopted it. He would
only add, that he newsr had a word of conversa-
tion with Mr. Moore in his life on the subject of
his compensation. His motion had reference
only to Mr. Letcher,' with whom, though a po-
litical opponent, he was on terms of friendly per-
sonal intercourse. At the instance of another
gentleman, the name of Mr. Moore was intro-
duced. The committee made the inquiry, and
this bill Was the result of their investigation.
Mr. MANN, of New York, would only remark
that'it was upon Ms motion the name of Mr.
Moore was introduced in the resolution; and it
was due to that gentleman to state that he (Mr.
M.) did it entirely of his own suggestion. Prom
the moment he had known Mr. Moore, up to the
present hour, he had never exchanged one word
with him on the subject of his pay.
Mr. BOULDIN said he would detain the com-
mittee but for a moment. He would not trouble
them At all upon this subject, but for the fact that
