Í&6.
-ílífcs4 NtfRfi$StoNAIi Ghóm.
585
several had mentioned the subject of private |
friendship; and it had been charged that those \
who voted for this bill were probably influenced
by that feeling. Mr. B. rose to deny that the
vote he should give would be at all influenced by
any fooling of that kind. He had no ground of
friendship or aversion towards Letcher or Moore.
In relation to that canvass he would .«ay, that
neither of them had done himself any great credit
in goin«  to such lengths in prosecuting the con-
test. Neither did bethink that this House—of
which he was then, as well as now, a member—
had done itself any very great credit in having
suffered or encouraged the candidates to prolract
rhe contest to such a length, and carry it on with
such violence. Party spirit was probably the
cause, and must be plead as the excuse of us all,
in thus having continued a contest that ought to
have been settled—as all such things should ever
be—immediately on the meeting of Congress.
We had, however, kept the district, as well as
the candidate , waiting in suspense, and the can-
didates on expense for months; and finally told
thero and the world that such were the doubt and
difficulty in determining which was elected, that
we couid not, with any certainty, decide which
was the rightful representative; and, therefore,
would send them both back to the people.
Mr. B. said he viewed the subject in a light
somewhat different from that in which some gen-
tlemen saw it. He did not look upon it as a con-
test between the candidates only, or even princi-
pally, but as a suit prosecuted by the people be-
fore Congress, claiming a representation in this
House, and calling on Congress to determine
which of two persons was elected by the district.
This claim was for the people's benefit, and the
costs ought to be paid out of the people's money.
Without the people are permitted to pay their
costs out of their own money, it would only be
necessary far a rich candidate to contest an elec-
tion, and put it out of the power of a poor one,
however talented and patriotic, to carry on the
contest, and the people, not only of the districts,
but of the whole United States, be thus choused
out of a representative in Congress to whom they
were lawfully and constitutionally entitled. Should
en unnecessary contest be raised by a candidate
to obtain the pay, he ought to be made to lose it.
But when it was so doubtful that the House of
Representatives could not determine it, it was
mocking the candidates, the district, and the na-
tion, to tell them that it was so plain that the
candidates and the district ought to have known
which was elected,and made no dispote about it.
Mr. B. said he was one of that majority that
could not satisfy themselves which was elected.
He could not then tell them the thing was so plain
that they must pay their own expenses here-. He
thought the point a doubtful one, and that the
right to have a member from every district was a
right dear to the whole nation. He would, there-
fore, pay both or neither. He did not wish to
disparage or wound the feelings of either of lb*
candidates, or to say by his vote that the district
had caused or encouraged an unnecessary contest.
Mr. WISE said there was only one way in
which he would vote a dollar to these parties,
viz; that the per diem pay of eight dollars, and
the allowance of mileage for one member of
Congress, be divided in equal proportions between
them. He was here at the time, knew the whole
history of the case, and he believed it was his
single vote that sent it back to the people. He
decided conscientiously upon that occasion, for
he was incompetent to say, from the evidence,
which was entitled to the seat. If either, then,
received compensation, they ought both to receive
it, and he was willing to vote them both the1 al-
lowance of one member-, but he protested against
the principle of paying men eight dollars a'day
for coming here*to contest a seat in Congress. If
a gentleman came there with a certificate of his
election, and took his seat, him he would pay.
They were not authorized to pay more than two
hundred and forty members; but adopt this prin-
ciple, and they would be paying two hundred
and forty-one. The principle was wrong. So
soori as tne pending amendment was disposed of,
Ire should submit one embracing his views.
The amendment of Mr. Underwood was dis-
agreed o.                                                     '  . ••
Mr. RENCHER proposed an amendment,
deducting from the amount of pay to each party,
eisrht dollars a day for the time they were absent
from Washington, in completing their testimony;
which was lost.
Mr. WISE then moved to reduce the sum to
one half, to be divided equally between Messrs.
Moore and Letcher, viz: four dollars per diem
allowance, and half the customary mileage to
each; which was lost.
The committee then rose, and reported the bill
to the House.
The SPEAKER having resumed the chah-,
and propounded the question on concurring with
the report of the Committee, of the Whole,
Mr. GRIFFIN asked for the yens and nays on
the passage of the bill; which were not ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD renewed his amendment.
Mr. HOWELL moved that the House ad-
journ; which was lost.
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked for the yeas and
nays on his amendment; but the House refused
to order them, and the amendment was disagreed
to.
Mr. WISE then renewed his amendment, and
asked for the yeas and nays thereon; which were
ordered.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved the previous question.
Mr. WISE moved an adjournment; which was
lost—ayes 33, noes not counted.
Mr. WISE appealed to the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw his motion for the
previous question, and let the country know who
voted the money out of the Treasury.
Mr. SPEIGHT not assenting, the motion for
the previous question was then taken; and the
tellers reporting ayes 71, noes 44—no quorum,
Mr. WISE moved an adjournment; which was
lost.
The motion for the previous question was then
seconded by the House—ayes 76, noes 47.
Mr. RENCHER asked for the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question to be put, but the
House refused; and the question was ordered
without a count.
Mr. WISE asked for the yeas and nays on the
main question—being on the engrossment of the
bill; which were ordered, and were—yeas 86,
> nays 45.
|     So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
CANNON, ETC., FOR LOUISIANA.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,on leave, offered
the following resolution; which was adopted:
Retolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
(tructed to inquire into the expediency of placing at the
disposal of the Governor of the State of Louisiana, for the
me of the State, cannon, carriages, and all the necessary
implements and appendages thereto, for three companies
I of tight artillery, go long as hostilities may be apprehended
from Hie Indians on the western fronuer of said State.
The House then adjourned.
I
I                               IN SENATE.
!                        Toesdat, /une 7, 1836.
Mr. SHEPLEY presented the petition of Ben-
jamin Wells-.'which was referred to the Commit-
' tee on the Judiciary.
| Mr. EWING, of Ohio, from the Committee on
, the Public Lands, reported a bill to change the
i mode of conducting the sales of the public lands;
¡ which was read and ordered to a second readmg.
The bill proposes, for the purpose of prevent-
ing combinations, frauds, and violence at the pub-
lic land sales, that on the day of the sale each
individual wishing to purchase shall hand in a
sealed bid for a particular tract or tracts, which
bid shall be numbered immediately by the regis-
ter and receiver, and the number handed back to
him, designating the tract bid for; and that, after
the close of the sales, the land officers shall pro-
ceed to scrutinize the bids so given; after which
the bids received shall be called out by number,
so that each successful bidder will know by his
number the tract he has purchased, no other in-
dividual at the sale having any knowledge what-
ever on the subject, unless informed by him. The
bill also imposes a-penalty on any officer or clerk
of the land offices who shall divulge the names
of the successful bidders.
NEW POST ROUTES.
Mr. HUBBARD submitted the following res-
olution-, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads he instructed to inquire into the expediency
of establishing a post route from Kalamazoo to Kent, in
Michigan.
Mr. BUCHANAN submitted the following
resolution-, which was considered and agreed to:
Rttolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Danville to Cattawisaa, in
Columbia county, Pennsylvania.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered and agreed
to:
Rnoked, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of ex-
tending a post route from Montevideo, in Elbert county,
Georgia, to Anderson Court-House, South Carolina, so as to
make Uto route commence at Elberton, in Elbert county,
and pass Montevideo to Anderson Court-House, South
Carolina.
CHOCTAW RESERVATIONS.
The bill to extend the time for proving and es-
tablishing certain preemption claims, suspended
by the contingent location of certain alleged
Choctaw reservations, was taken up, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole; and after
some remarks from Messrs. EWING of Ohio,
WALKER, BLACK, and KING of Georgia,
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved to strike out
the first section of the bill; which motion was
agreed to—yeas 22, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, Davis,
Ewmg of Ohio, Goldsborough, Kent, King of Georgia,
Knight, McKean, Mangum, Morris, Naudain, Prentiss,
Rontons, Rugsles, Shepley, Southard, Swift, Tomhnson,
Wall, and VVobster-i32.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Black. Buchanan, Eiring of
Illinois, Grundy, Hendricks, Hubbard, King of Alabama,
Moore, Nicholas, Robinson, Tallmadge, Tipton, Walker,
White, and Wright—16.
After a further debate the bill was laid on th 
table.
DISTRICT BANKS.
The bill to recharter the several banks in the
I District of Columbia come up on its third read-
1 ins; and after some remarks in opposition to the
I bill from Messrs.  WRIGHT, BENTON, and
NILES, and in its support by Messrs. KING of
Alabama, and WALKER, the question on its
final passage was decided in the affirmative—yeas
36, nays 14; aa followst
YEAS—Messrs. Black, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Crit-
tenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborousb,
Hendricks, Hubbard, Kent, King of Alabama, Knight,
Lefgli,N¡iudaih, Nicholas, Porter, Premiss, Rives, South-
ard. Swift, Tallmadge, Tomlinson, Walker, and Webster
—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Ewing.of Illinois, King of
Georgia, Linn, M'Kean, Manguin, Morris, Niles, Robin-
son, Ruggles, Shepley, Wall, White, and Wright—14.   „
RECRUITS FOR THE ARMY.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask the Senate to take up the bill for
filling up the ranks of the Army.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message of the Hoose of Representatives
on the disagreement of that House to the Sen-
ate 's amendments to the Indian appropriation biL',
was, on motion of Mr. WRIGHT, referred U
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Toe mdat, Junt 7  1896.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved a suspen-
sion of the rules, for the purpose of taking «p
«he. joint resolution from the Senate fixing tits
day of adjournment of the present session of
Congress, and asked ft* the Yea? and nays;
which were ordered.                      '
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Eforth Carolina, moved
a call of the House; and, on taking the question,
there appearing only—ayes 55, noes 57, no quo-
mMr WHITTLESEY, of Ohie, asked the gen-
tleman from New York to withdraw the motwr
ibr the present, to enable the committee  to re-
port; to which                     .,-.
-   Mr. MANN assented,   f.    >
