isae -
$m *&w*®mwAi*rt&§m
r*IPfl
The debate was continued by Meaars. HUNT,
TOWNS. CAMBRELENG, THOMPSON of
?.,.:'i C-roi.ua, BRIGGS, PINCKNEY, and
storcPv.
Mr STORER moved to reduce all the appro-
pr.ui'ions for foitifications one half the amount
pn\Kisnl i'1 tbe bill and amendments, except that
fi- F*ort McIIenry, Baltimore.
After some further remarks from Mr. HOW-
ARD,
Mr. KINNARD moved the previous question.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, inquired c-T
the Chair what would be the effect of the previous
question beins; sustained?
The SPEAKER replied that it would cutoff
al! the amendments of the Committee of the
Whole.
The House refused to second the motion for
the previous question—ayes 30, noes not counted.
Mr. KIN> ARD said he desired to say a few
words in explanation of his reason for having
moved the previous -question.    It must be appa-
rent that this bill has already consumed its equal
share of the consideration of this House.    He
could not, for one, consent to postpone the .other
greatquestionsabout which the people of the coun-
try had more anxiety than about the appropriation
of the enormous amount of money embraced in
the amendments proposed to the bill,   it was true,
the previous question would have affected those
amendments. *But is die necessity todebatethem
for days and weeks*so urgent as to justify the
defeat of much and perhaps nearly all of the other
measures which have been long demanded by the
interests of the country—and particularly by the
western States, to whose affairs very little time
had as yet been devoted>   He would instance the
case of the Cumberland road.    It was well known
that the work on that great thoroughfare had long
been suspended, on account of the failure to pass
the neces>*ary appropriation.    Considering the
time when it was acted on in the Senate, and in-
troduced in this House, Mr. K. thought it was
-entitled to an early consideration.    When, some
davs since, the chairman of the Committee of
"Ways and Weans proposed to make the present
bill the special order of the day, Mr. K. felt it his
duty to solicit the honorable chairman to include
in Iiis motion the Cumberland road bill.    His
wishes, and the measures to which he referred,
seemed to meet with no favor from ¡that quarter.
It would be recollected that the appropriation
originally proposed for that road, in the other
branch, had  been  greatly   reduced.     On  what
ground, sir?   The ostensible reason, although
Mr.  K. believed  it untenable, was, that  there
would not be tine to expend the money.  While
thia delay is to be extended, is it fair to apply
such an argument against the measure in which
the whole West is interested, while it falls power-
less in the estimation of some gentlemen, when
urged against the amendments now under con-
sideration?   Here  you propose  to  add to the
fortification bill an immense amount of the public
monty, exceeding by millions the original esti-
mates.   Are we satisfied that this amount will
be-required before the next session?   Is your
corps of engineers so numerous as to justify the
expectation that this money can be judiciously
applied to the construction of the works which
they are to superintend during the present season,
or within twelve or'cighteen months? He appre-
hended that such an expectation is not generally
entertained. Shall we then debate endlessly about
appropriations which the public service does not
now require, to the postponement and defeat of
those which are absolutely necessary ?   This he
conceived would not be extending fair treatment
to the other interests of the country, and to the
numerous persons who had claims against, the
government outstanding and unpaid.
Mr, K. remembered full well what doctrine was
•íield during the fornjer Congress in relation to
appropriations of this character by the Repub-
lican party. Whenever it waa then proposed to
amendtlie fortification bill in this way, the House
waa reminded of the importance of the estimates;
that it was prodigal and extravagant to exceed
them; that new works ought not to be commenced
«ntil the old were repaired and completed; and
that new and extraordinary objects of expenditure
should not be sought out and ingrafted upon bills
of this description. M""- K. considered thiacood
doctrine; he had adhered to it throughout, xhe
prospect of a French war impending over the
country had induced him ana the party with
which lie had acted to depart from it, in order to
meet that particular emergency. When we have
not such reasons, shall we depart from the usages
and principles which have heretofore governed
the Republican party ? Is there no other demand
upon the Treasury—upon the time and action of
this House—besides these fortifications ? If we
dare do nothing else—if any portion of this House
should dissent from the course of policy indicated
by the amendments and;by the arguments of some
gentlemen, and should be denounced for it, it
would then appear to him that one of the import-
ant landmarks of the Democratic party was aoout
to be abandoned, and it might become a matter |
of doubt how the parties of the day are divided.
He ¿oped .always to have it in his power to act
with those whose polar star had been economy
in the public expenditures. To that original and
fundamental principle in the Republican faith, he,,
'for one, was-determined to adhere. Mr.' K. was
for appropriating whatevtr;was required for the
public defense in the proper time and manner.
But while Jie remembered that he was the rep-
resentative of a laboring, agricultural, tax-paying
and patriotic people, he would not vote to dis-
parage their principles and his own, and would
endeavor to avoid giving his approbation to any
system of prodigality which might be proposed
from any quarter.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
LANE, HARDIN, HAWES, BOON, PAR-
KER, and BRIGGS.
Mr. BRIGGS asked for the yeas and .nays on
the amendment; which were ordered.
Mr. HARD moved an adjournmentabout seven
o'clock; which was lost—73. to 83.
After some remarks by Mr. BELL, in opposi-
tion to lite .amendment,
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that the bill be
made the .special order of the day foe Friday .next,
from and after thehour of eleven, *.,m.; whteh
was agreed to,
i               EXECUTIVE CaMMUUICATMN.
, The SPEAKER cowiriftmicated a letter from
1 the Secretary of the Treasury, in-emswer to a r**o-
lution of the House of the 99th ultimo, calling ft*
information relating to the damage sustained -by
the Potomac Bridge, in eonsequeneeef the latfc
floods, accompanied by an estimate of thee-mourit
necessary for its repair; which was referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
THE DISTRICT BaNKS.
The bill from the Senate to extend the charters
of certain bonks of tlia District of Columbia, and
for qther purpose*, was then taken up qn its sef-
erente.                                                ¡
Mr. EINCKNEY moved to rtfvc the earn  H>
•the select committee on ¿lie District banks.
Mr. LANE moved i*a reference to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Pendwgthese motions,after some *tmarks from
Messrs. LANE.jBOULDIN, and THOMAS,
The House adjourned,  t eight o'clock., $. m-
HOUSE OP' REPRESENTATIVES:; *
Wednesday, June 8, 1836.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported the following bills
from the Senate, without amendment:
For the relief of Noah Brown, and the l«g l
representatives of Adam .Brown, deceased; a d
For the relief of Nancy Leamaster, widow of
James Leamaster; which were committed.
Mr. WHITTLESEY,from thee#me wmmit-
tee, made unfavorable reports if  Ae jc**e*M
James D. Harding, Robert Fulton  James P-
r Harrison, Hugh L. Heirskell,* d JS*ph«ft Simp-
son.                                                                          '
|                            FRENCH WINES.
I1 On motion of Mr. LAWRENCE, the follow-
| ing bill on the Speaker's table, entitled " A bill
to repeal so much of the act of March 2,1799, as
respects the issuing of certificates on the import-
ationof wines," was taken up - nd ordered to be
engrossed; and having been engrossed, was, after
some eanvetsaUon, between ^  JJ^WREJNGE,
Mr. HAMER, and Mr. McKIMTroaa tie third
time and passed.
OFFICERS OF REVENUE CUTTERS.
On motion of Mr. SUTHERLAND, the bjll
to regulate the compensation of officers of the
revenue cutters, was taken up on its third read-
in*; and after some conversation! between Messrs.
WILLIAMS of North Carolina, SUTHER-
LAND, BOND, WISE, LAWRENCE, and
GIDEON LEE,
Mr. GILLET observed that the duties and
compensation of the officers of the revenue cutters
are prescribed in the act óf March 2,1799. When
this law was passed, the coast and commerce of
this country was far more limited than it is at
present. Afl know our commerce was then small,
and our sea-coast extended only to Florida. Our
commerce is now expanded to an astonishing ex-
tent, and our limits have been enlarged so as to
include the extensive coast of Florida, Alabama,
and Louisiana. All who are acquainted with the
climate of thia added coast, and the course of
commercial operations in that quarter, must ar-
rive at the conclusion that this service has been
rendered more arduous and hazardous. It is also
incóntestably true, ttat the expense of living in
that quartef Is far greater than it is in any other
part of the Union. In 1799 the compensation
then given these officers would procure them
nearly double the necessaries and comforts of life
that the same sum now gives them. Everything
has risen in price, as all must know. The causes
he would not now examine. It could hardly be
disputed that it coat more to strpporta family on
the sea-coast than it did in f799. This had been
conceded by acts of Congress. _ A portion of the
revertue officers had, by a kwin' 1816, or about
that period, their pay increased fifty per cent.
Another portion, those whose compensation de-
pended upon fees of office, had had their pay in-
trreased by the increase of business at their
respective Offices; so that, on the whole, the pay
of nearly every officer, except those in the cutter
service', b%s been increased. These officers, who
are very limited in number, remain as they were
when their pay and duties were first prescribed,
and this, too,"when theirdutiesirrc rendered more
arduous and dangerous. 'Thexnow guard the
coast from Passamaquoddy tp Texas, and are
out all seasons of the year. They must be on
duty at sea amid .the storms of the North and the
hurricanes of the Sou*., They must visit all
I vessels approaching pur coast, whplfier there is
I disease on board or not. They^niist watch the
movements of those who" hare ¡designs upon the
I revenue, and fly to the relief of the wrecked mar-
I iner. Such services ought to be so compensated
1 as to command, men of capacity and integrity.
This bill did not compensate them beyond what
was given to others in the service, whose duties
are not. so .arduous as those, in the_xeve^)ue ser-
vice.    He hoped the Wll would pass
Mr. HARDIN, after a few,remarks, called for
the yeas and nays on the ^passage of the hifl;
which were ordered.                                 ,. ■
i     After some further  remarks' füom^Méssrír.
SPEIGHT and BOON,                     "*
i    Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode ^Island; remarked
that, believing the House to be *lm^st unanimous
on this subject, he. moved the previous question;
1 which was seconded by the House—ayes 60, noes
40—and the main question was ordered; and'beihg
put, was decided by yeas.pnd nays in the affirm-
ative—yeas 146, nays 52.             '
i     So the b«H wo* passed.'
i               JPBIJ30ÍÍÉRS IN DISTRICT  /Alt.
I-    On niiotion of Mr. REED, it was
i      - í«ifTh iih*eoOHnKtee fcrtb* MstrictofCtolumM 
be instructed to cxiuntoe-ttic situation, f tae 4>WWM ■ 
the jaOofttie District of Coluiubi*;%d,e^}*itf,fll<> e
inipritoneif for debt.                                     " i,  .
In. execution of'the special order of Monday
last, *hc House then proeeeded tp the. oojisidera-
tionofrthe following bills:           , •
An act  to settle,aud e tablUli_the northern, boundary
line of the State of Ohio;                    ¿j.^.,->*■ «■  «<Mc
An act to establish the northern houWWy of«« «**
rfOtuomdto pmvide for the admladoaof *?State of
Mick*a *t  «be Una* upon «• t*Mm *•   <*
pressed ¡and , ■-
