Í836.
tlW^]!^MeS8R5NfAír<eLOW0.
0S0
Mr. TAYLOR said it was neither his habit'
nnr ipf'i"at'o-> to occupy much of the time and
attention vf the Hon"  ; n'id it* lie wnsso inclined,
consul- rations of public dutv would at this late
rw-rod of the scsstt ti restrain him from any ex-
tended romnrks. But, from the best examination
ami reflect ion which he had been able to pire this
subject, he had not been able to satisfy nimself
of either the justice or the expediency of the
boundary between Michigan and Ohio, as de-
scribed in this bill,and that he had felt it a duty
to the people of Michigan, to the cause of justice,
and to his honest and deep convictions upon this
question, to offer the amendment which he had
sent to the table. He said he was fully persuaded
and convinced that, if the bill passed without
amendment, it would be in violation of the rights
and the interests of the people of Michigan, se-
etired by the sanctions of compact and of law,
and will do them great injustice. From memo-
rials which have been presented to this House
from the people of Michigan since they have
been made acquainted with the report of the com-
mittee, it is evident that great dissatisfaction
exists among them; and from the same docu-
ments we mav inferthat the compromise proposed
bv the amendment would be acceptable to them,
rle said that it appeared to him that the strongest
objection which the State of Ohio had had to the
boundary as claimed by Michigan will be re-
moved, and that she will or onght to be satisfied
with it. Mr. T. said, as the question has been
hmg before this House, and the public has been
so agitating to both Michigan and Ohio as to
threaten the most serious consequences, and so
exciting as to command the attention of all, he
presumed every gentleman upon this floor had
made up his mind, and was as ready to vote now
•s they would be artera protracted debate; he,
therefore, preferred, without entering into a pro-
tracted discussion, to submit the amendment,
hoping that the vote may betaken without much
delay in the passage of the bill; and he had only
to «ay at present that, if the amendment shall not
pas , he should feel compelled to vote for the bill
as it is, not feeling at liberty to vote against the
admission' of Michigan into the Union; and then,
if Michigan accents the term  of her admission
in conformity to a provision of the bill, he
should be content, having disharged his duty; her
boundary will then be altered with her own con-
sent. But he said he wonlil odd, As his opinion,
if Michigan accept  the terms of her admission
into the Union as provided by this bill, it will be
found a compulsory acceptance rather than a
voluntary choice.
Mr. VINTON submitted the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the second section:
Jtná mtiM tito, ami U U hereby further exfremly it-
léii iú, That tf «be caneauon provided tof in the third cec-
um ot Üu  act (ball ooljive the assent therein required,
toe boundaries of the States of Ohio and Indiana shall
nevertheless be and forever remain fixed and established
between tben and Michigan, as the same are in this set
above specified and described.
Mr. HANNEGAN hoped the gentleman would
strike out the name of Indiana from his amend-
ment, as the boundary of that State was long
and permanently settled, and stood upon higher
ground than the bill providing for the admisaion
of Michigan into the Union could place it.
Mr* VINTON explained that he had inserted
Indiana because it should not be «aid that he had
taken «are of the interest  of his own State alone.
Mr. M©CART Y saw no objection to the name
of Indiana be in  retained in the amendment.
Mr. HANNEGAN, after a few remarks, moved
to strike out the word Indiana from the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio.
The amendment was then further debated by
Messrs. LANE, HANNEGAN, McCARTY,
VINTON, MASON of Ohio, GALBRA1TH,
HARDIN, THOMAS, and EVERETT, who
moved that the committee rise, but withdrew it
at the request of
. Mr. UNDERWOOD,whosuggestedanamend-
ment which, be said, he should move at a subse-
quent stage.
Mr. ROBERTSON then obtained the floor, and
five notice of certain amendments lie should
eres/t*r move, having reference to securing the
interests  f the United States in the public lands
in Michigan
[    Mr. THOMAS said a few words in explana, i
tion, and renewed the motion (as requested) that
the committee rise; which prevailed—ayes 74,
noes 54.
The committee accordingly rose and reported.
The Speaker hnvinsr resumed the chair,
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the supplementary
bill from the Senate in relation to the admission
of Arkansas' into the Union was included in the
special order on the other bills.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved that the House
again go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the Michigan and Arkansas
bills, and asked for the yeas and nays on that
motion.
Mr. EVANS then rose, and moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. HANNEGAN asked for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered; and were—yeas 84,
nav ?4.
Sothe House adjourned at half past six o'clock,
p. m.______________________
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 8, 1836.
1 Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which had been
referred the bill from the House to change the
organization of the General Post Office Depart-
ment, reported the same with amendments; which
were ordered to be printed, and she bill was laid
on the table, Mr. G. giving notice that he
would call up the bill as soon as the amendments
were printed.                                                        |
Mr. KNIGHT, from the Committee on Man-
ufactures, reported a bill explanatory of the act
to release from duty iron prepared for and act-
ually laid on railways and inclined planes; which
was twice read, and ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
ARSENAL IN NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported the bill from the House to
establish an arsenal in North Carolina, without
. amendment; and,
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the bill was taken
up and considered as in Committee of the Whole;,
I and after some explanations from Mr. BENTON ,
' and Mr. BROWN,
Mr. SOUTHARD moved to lay the bill on the
i table; which motion being lost,                          *
The bill was ordered to á third reading.
MEDAL TO CENERAL MORGAN.
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported, without amendment, the
bill from the House to renew the gold medal
struck and presented to General Morgan by
order of Congress 
1             SURETIES OF NICHOLAS KERNE.
Mr. SHEPLEY, from the Committee of
Claims, reported, with amendments, the bill
from the House for the relief of the sureties of
"Nicholas Kerne.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which had been referred the message
1 of the House disagreeing to the amendments of
' the Senate to the Indian appropriation bill, made
a report thereon; and the message being taken up
and considered, Mr. W. moved to recede from the
fourth and fifth amendments; which was agreed
to.
The amendments of the House containing an
i  appropriation of $2,000 to purchase rifles for the
Pottawatomie , and an appropriation to defray
the expenses of the Cherokee delegation attend-
!  ingthe seat of Government, were agreed to.
il     The amendment containing an additional ap-
' propriation for the removal of the Creek Indian ,
' was considered; and, after some remark  from
Messrs. SOUTHARD aad WHITE,
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the bill and
amendments were laid on the table.
INCENDIARY PUBLICATIONS.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the Senate took
up the biU to prohibit deputy postmasters from
distributing incendiary publications which have
been sent through the mails; and after a debate,
in which the bilí 'was «nrMbrWÍ fef" Messrs;
BUCHANAN, CALHOUN,- CTJTHBERT,
WALKER, and GRUNDY, and opposed by
Messrs. WEBSTER, DAVIS, CLAY, MOR-
RIS, and EWING of Ohio, it was rejected by
the following vote:
YEAS —Me'srs. Black, Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cuthbert, Grundy, Km; of Alabama, Kin* of Georgia,
Maiunun, Moore, Nicholas, Porttr, Preton. Rivet, Robin-
son, Tallinadge, Walker, White, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Clay,Crittenden, Davi«, Etving
of Illinois, Ewingof Ohio, Goldsborough, HertdrickJ, Hub-
bard, Kent, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Morris, Nnudain,
Niles, Prentiss, Ruggles, Sheplcy, Southard, Swill, Tipton,
Tonuuison, Wall, and Webster—¿15.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
On motion of Mt. CALHOUN, the bill1 to reg-
ulate the deposits of the public moneys was taken
up—yeas 21, nays 14; when,
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was laid on
the table, with the understanding that it would be
taken up to-morrow, and the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; after
which the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 9,1836.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Treasury Department, in answer to the resolution
of the Senate of the 9th ultimo, containing a
statement of the amount of money in the Treast
ury subject to draft, and the receipts from, the
customs and land sales; which was ordered to be
printed.              ,
Mr. GRUNDY presented the memorial of sun-
dry citizens of Connecticut, praying for the estab-
lishment of a new post route; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TIPTON, on leave, introduced a bill
authorizing Joel E. Metcalf and others to enter
certain preemption claims to land in Indiana;
which was read twice and referred.
Mr. SHEPLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel
Miller; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
REPORT FROM (COMMITTEE.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Committee on
Foreign Relations was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of sundry citizens
of Maine, complaining of the great and growing
influx of foreign paupers into the country; and,
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it wa  laid on the
table.
NEW POST ROUTES.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolrti, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Itoads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Louisville, by Double Spnngs,
to De Kalb, in the State of Mississippi; from Fairfield, Ala-
bama, to Knoxville, Wahotock, and Summerville, to Car-
thage, in Leake county, Mississippi.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the following reso-
lution', which was considered nhd agreed to:
ftesohei, That the Commfnce on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire (Ato the expediency of
«stoblishinir a post road from Runas, in the county ot* HeF-
timer, to Mooreliouse vdle, in the county of Hamilton, in the
State of New York.
Mr. MANGUM submitted the following reso-
lution; wh,ich wa  considered and agreed to;
Retoltci, That the Committee on the- Post Office and
Post Eoads inquire into the expediency of establishing a
mail route from Germantown to Little Yadlun post office,
in Stokes County, North Carolina.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, submitted the follovr-
in  resolution; which was considered and agreed
Rciohei, That the Committee¡on '«**J^J2£2 *5?
Post Roads be instructed  iirqmr**Mo'«* «tiff's™
e. Miat ng a port route from Jt*me,jh Floyd county, G«or-
«¡T viaLivin¿>ton Missionary station, on Uie western side
of Cc^a River7Pleasant Green, or Gamble's seminary,
near *e line of Walker and Floyd counties, tp Islandtown,
on Cbatoogn river.
SALARIES OP REVENUE OFFICERS.
The bill  from the House to regulate >e com-
pensation of certain officers of the revenue cut-
ters, and repealing so much of the act of 1< 99 as
