o44
*HE €0^ltfí^^M^r;^4S>Lé É.
Jill**' 11.
HOUN, BENTON, LrNN, and  CLAY, the
question on instrnctin? the committee was lost-
yens IS, nays ¿5, as follow s:
YE\S—>fi--r- Benton. Plick, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
«Jrandv-, KniffPt Alabama. Km; of Georgia. Lmn, Morris,
Nicholas Port.T, Uugjtei, Tallmadge, Ti|>ton, Walker,
Wall, White, and VVnjm—IS.
\A\ c¡—Mc>ms. Bnmn, Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, Da-
t¿. Ew ng of (>l)n>. Golil-oornnjli. Hendnck-, Hubbard,
Kent, Knisiit. Leigh, M.utguin. Moore, Maudain, Prentfi.
Preston, Uives, liobbine, Robin-on, ¡Shepley, ¡Southard,
Swift, TomUasoii, a*d Webster—¿5.
VETO MESSAGE.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Do.velson-, his Private
Secretary, containing his objections to the bill es-
tablishing the days of meeting and adjournment
of Congress; which was read as follows:
To the Senate oftke UnUei Slate* :
The act uf Congress " to appoint e d*y for the annual
metan; of Congress," which originated in the Senate, han
ooi received m> signature. The power of Consress tu fix,
k) law. «day for the regular annual meeting ol Congress, U
■miouHeil; but the concluding part 01 this act, winch u in-
tended to hx the adjournment oi every succeeding Congress
to tnc second Monday ía May, after the commencement of
the first session, doe  not appear to rao to be in accordance
with the provisions of the Constitution of the United States.
The Con-tituuon provides—In article. 5th section—
'• That neither House, during the session of Congress,
«halt, without the consent of the other, adjourn for more
than three da> ?, nor to any other place than that in which
the two Houses shall be sitting."
1st article. 6th section—
" That every order, resolution, or vote, to which the con-
currence ol the Senate and House of Representatives may
be necessary, (except on the question of adjournment,) shall
be presented to the President of the United States, and be-
fore the same shall take effect, shall be approved of by
him." fee.
8d anide, 3d section—
'-That he (the President) may,on extraordinary occa-
sions, convene both Houses of Congress, or either of them;
anil m cir«e of disagreement between them, with res-pect to
the tune oi"adjournment, he may adjourn them to such times
as he thi.iks proper,"' kc.
According to these provisions, the day of the adjourn-
ment of Cojgress is not the subject of legislative enactment.
Etcept in the event ofdisa^reemenl between the Senate and
Hou«e of Representative?, the President has no right to med-
dle with the question, and in that event his power is exclu-
sive, but confined to fixing the adjournment of the Congress
wlio~e branches have disagreed. The question of adjourn-
ment is c.bviuu¡>Jy to be decided bv each Congress fontself,
by the separate action of each r!ou*e for the time being,
and is one o "those subjects upon which the framera of that
instrument did not intend one Congress should act, with or
without the Executive aid, for its successors. Asa substi
rate for the present rule, which requires the two Houses by
consent to fix the day of adjournment, and, in the event of
disagreement, the President to decide, it is proposed to fix
the day by law, to be binding in all future time, unless
changed by consent of both Houses of Congress, and to
take away the contingent power of the Executive, which,
in anticipated cases of disagreement, is vested in him.
This substitute is to apply, not to the present Congress and
Executive, but to our successors. Considering, therefore,
that this subject exclusively b"longs to the two Houses of
Congress, whose day of adjournment is to be fixed, and
that each has at that time the right to maintain and insist
upon its own opinion, and to require the President to decide
in the event of disagreement with the other, I am con-
strained to deny my sanction to the act herewith respect-
fully returned to the Senate. I do so with greater reluctance,
as, apart from this constitutional difficulty, the other pro-
visions of it do not appear to me obiectionable.
ANDREW JACKSON.
W'ashisoto' , Jnne 9. 183S.
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, the further
consideration of the subject was postponed to
Wednesday next, and the message was ordered
to be printed.
PUBLIC   DEPOSITS.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the bill to
regulate th i deposits of the public moneys was
taken up; when
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the folio wing amend-
ments; which were agreed to:
Section one, Ime ten, after the word '•' disbursed," in-
sert
" And in those States, Territories-, or districts in which
there are no banks, or in wlijch no bank can be em ployed
as a deposit bank, and within which the public collections
or disbursements require a depository, the Secretary may
make arrangement  with a hank or banks, in some other
State, district, or Territory, to establish an agency or agen-
cies in the State, district, or Territory, so destitute of banks,
and to receive through them the deposit of the public
moneys, and to make disbursements at those points; the
duties and liabilities of every bank estaW WiBig sachAgency
to be the same as the liabilities of other deposit banks
under this act: "line ten, alter the word "that," strike out
" there shall not be deposited in anv bank at anyone time,"
and insert" the Secretary of the Treasury shall not suffer
t  remain m any deposit hank:" line thirteen, after the
WOrd "in," insert" for a longer time than may be necessary
to enable him to make the transfers required by the twelfth
section of this act;  section efevert, line MW^ alter th*
word " oepwits."' insert «> to the credit of tire Treasurer of
the United States " add to section fillccn, •• And be it fur-
ther enacted, That to enable the Secretan of the Treasury
to carry into effect the provision* of this act, he be author-
ized to appoint three additional clerks lor his Department;
the one at a salaij of $1.6U0. and the remaining two at a
salary of §1,000 each per annum, and to pay the said clerks
quarter yearh out of any mom') m the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated "
Mr. LEIGH offered an amendment, the efftct
of which is, to allow to those banJss which ha\e
not now a sufficient amount of specie to comply
with the conditions required by the bill, time to
enable them to do so.
After a desultory discussion, applying as well
to the amendment as to other details of the bill,
in which Messrs. LEIGH, WRIGHT, WEB-
STER, EWING of Oh.o, BUCHANAN, MOR-
RIS, and CALHOUN took part,
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Satürdat, June 11, 1836.
Mr. LINN presented several petitions signed
by a large number of the inhabitants residing on
or around the towns of Franklin, Avon Rock,
Fulton, and Rocheport.in the State of Missouri,
stating that from the violence of the current, and
ever-shifting sand-banks of the Missouri river,
as well as from the obstructions to the navigation
often presented by ice, and always by forests of
snags, planters,&c, in the bed of the river, they
have ceased to consider it a safe and certain roan
on which to transport their productions: they
therefore pray that a donation of alternate sections
of the public lands be granted them for the pur-
pose of aiding them in the construction of a rail-
road from the city of St. Louis to the town of
Independence, in Jackson county. The petitions
were laid on the table.
Air. EW1NG, of Ohio, presented two petitions
from sundry citizens of Ohio on the subject of a
change in the location of the Cumberland road;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. McKEAN presented the petition of Jacob
Peters and others, mail contractors; which was
i referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. PRENTISS presented a petitionof sundry
citizens of Barnett, Caledonia county, Vermont,
( praying for the abolition of slavery in the District
I of Columbia; which was laid on the table.
Mr. BLACK presented the proceedings of a
meeting of sundry citizens of Claiborne county,
Mississippi, containing resolutions asking Con-
gress to recognize the independence of Texas;
and
Mr. WALKER presented additional papers
on the same subject; all of which were referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HUBBARD presented the petition of
William Hall, praying for a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
New post routes.
Mr. HUBBARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Ornee and
Post Roads Ijg.uistructed to inquire into the expedí* ncy of
establishing a post route from Milwaukie, on the west side
of Lake Michigan, to Cassville, on the Mississippi river, by
1 way of the north end of tl e four lakes; and another from
I the north end of the four lakes, by way of the townofFond
I du Lac, to the city of Winnebago, at the northeast end of
Lake Winnebago, to intersect the route from Green Bay to
Prairie du Cliieu: also a ronte from the outlet of Lake
Kashkenong, by way of De Muner's, on Sugar river, to
| Wioata.
I                     MEXICAN DEPREDATIONS.
|     Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
j which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to send to the Senate all the information in his pos-
session respecting the depredations of the Mexicans on the
property of Messrs. Chouteau and De Mun.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. E WING.of Ohio, the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was discharged from the
further consideration of the resolutions directing
an inquiry into the expediency of granting to the i
State of Louisiana five hundred thousand acref j
of land; and an inquiry into the expediency of '
attmndertngtothe State of MtssJotiri certain lands
in Cape Girardeau, Scott, Stoddard, and Wayne
counties.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, from the same commit-
tee, reported, without amendment, the billgivin 
the assent of Congress to the revocation of the
ordinance prohibiting the new States from taxin°-
the lands sold by the United States for five years.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, the Committee on
Public Lands was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Alexander Jones.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to establish a new land
district in the country lately ceded by the Cher-
okee.*; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to provide
for a time-piece for the use of the Capitol; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. SHEPLEY, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported Unfavorably oil
the bill from the House for the relief of Moses
Allen.
POSTPONEMENT.
On motion of Mr. EWING, of Ohk>< the bill
to change the mode of conducting the tales of
the public lands was taken up, and made the order
of the day for Tuesday next.
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The following bills'were severally read th*
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to a third'reading:
The bill to repeal the fourteenth section of the
act to incorporate the subscribers to die Bank of
the United States;
The bill in addition to the act to provide for
sick and disabled seamen; and
The bill for the relief oC Henry H. Hall.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally read the third
time and passed:
A bill for the relief of Isaac Menns-and others,
late owners of tl.s schooner Elizabeth;
The bill supplementary to the act to establish
the northern boundary hne of Ohio, and to pro-
vide for the admission of Michigan into the
Union;
The bill for the relief of Seaborn Jones and
Joel Crawford; and
The bill for the relief of Daniel Steenrod.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
after which it adjourned.
HOUSE OF1 REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday-, June 11, 1636.
During the reading of the Journal this morn-
ing, the House was thrown into some confusion
by a disturbance between one of the regular re-
porters for one of the city papers, and another
who usually reports in the Senate for a distant
paper. The former was taken into custody  rt-
stanter by the order of the Speaker, and the other
was also subsequently ordered into custody, on
the adoption of the following ardor, submitted
by Mr. Williams, of North Carolina:
Ordered, That both persons be taken fnto Custody, to
await the order of the House in the premises.
Mr. GILLET said he rose to state the faets-in
this matter as far as he saw them. Some part
of what passed, which he had observed, had
not been mentioned by any member who had
addressed the House. He happened to be look-
ing toward that part of the House at the time of
the occurrence. When he first saw the parties, the
individual nowat the desk was sitting in his chair
with his pen in his hand, and the person who is
now out of the House was standing in front of
the desk, and appeared to be holdin*a conversa-
tion with hint. The latter individual threw his
hat at the person at the desk, and it swept along
on the desk,and, he thought, hit him. The absent
individual then sprung up tha steps leading to
the desk, raised his cane, and struck tWo or three
times at the person now in the desk.   This the
