THE CONGEESSTOMD GLOBE,
BY BLAIR &. RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Sessiov, 24th Coxcress.
MONDAY, JUNE 20, 1836.
Volume 3..,.No. 35.
latter person did not resist, but raised his hands |
over his head to fend off the blows.   This is what I
passed under Mr.G. 'sown observation, in which
the though he could not be mistaken in the mate-
rial facts.
Having seen, as he believed, the whole of what
passed at the time, he could not vote to take the
person at the desk into custody as having com-
mitted any offense on the present occasion against
the order and dignity of the House. He knew
not what passed in the conversation alluded to
between these individuals, and he did not know
but in it the person at the dealt had, in language,
insulted the other; but of that we have no evi-
dence. This House, he thought, could only act
on evidence. He did not even know the names
of these individuals, nor for what paper the per-
son now at the desk reports, or whether he was
a reporter at all. He knew nothing of him in any
respect whatever. He might be the best or the
worst man living. He could only act on what
he saw. The person who had been taken into
custody had occupied a chair at the desk during
the whole session, he believed, and he knew noth-
ing of him but what was gentlemanly and proper,
except the striking on the present occasion. In
voting, he should act solely on what he saw him-
self, unless he had additional evidence, and not
on the merits of the controversy between these
persons, nor on their merits as individuals in so-
ciety. This House certainly has no right to in-
quire into the personal difficulties of these parties.
Whether the one or the other of them is most to
blame is nothing to the House, nor can they in-
quire into the general good or bad character of
either. These matters do not particularly con-
cern us as a legislative body. All that we have
to look to and act upon is, the breach «f order and
decorum in the House, whereby our proceedings
have been disturbed. Our jurisdiction extends
only to cases which disturb the business and
order of the House, and not to difficulties between
individuals, or matters touching their characters
and conduct on other occasions. Offenses not
committed here must be left for the ordinary tri-
bunals of the country. He could ,not vote for
taking a person into custody, as an offender
against the order nf the House, until he had evi-
dence that he had really committed an offense
which should authorize it.
The reading of the Journal was then proceeded
with, and a motion made by Mr. ADAMS to
amend the Journal, by correcting it as to the
excuse made by Mr. HAWM,at the last sitting,
for his temporary absence from the House, was
discussed at some length by Messrs. AOAMS,
BOON, MASON of Virginia, WHITTLESEY
of Ohio, WILLIAMS of North Carolina, MER-
CER, and SPEIGHT.
Mr. ADAMS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to lay the
motion on the table.
Mr. SPEIGHT suggested to the gentleman
from New York to withdraw that motion.
Mr. MERCER raised the point of order, if
audi a motion could be made.
Mr. MANN accordingly withdrew the motion,
and
Mr. SPEIGHT moved the previous question;
which was seconded by the House,and the main
question ordered.
Several members were excused from voting,
on the ground that they were not in the House
when the occurrence referred to in the entry on
the Journal took place.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the negative—yea  32, nays 133.
An amendment was then made to the Journal
by general consent, on motion of Mr. MERCER.
Mr. ADAMS rose and called the attention of
ihe House to the circumstance of the two indi-
viduals then in custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms
for creating a disturbance in the precincts of the
Hall.
35
Mr. JUDSON then, on leave, offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
Raolttd, That a seloct committee be appointed to con-
sist of-----member?, whose duty it shall be to inquire into
an assault, committed within the Hull of the House of
Representative* this morning, while the House were in ses-
sion, for and on account of which two persons are now in
custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms; and said couuniuee are
to make their report to this House, and said committee be
instructed to administer oaths, and to cause the attendance
of witnesses.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to insert the word
" forthwith;" which Mr. JUDSON accepted as
a modiication.
After some conversation between Messrs.
MANN of New York, ADAMS, and BELL,
Mr. BELL moved the following two resolu-
tions as a substitute:
Resolred, That the two reporters, Henry G. Wheeler and
Boben Codd, who are now in the custody of the Sereeant-
ai Arms upon a charge of disorderly conduct in the pres-
ence of the House, be delivered over to the civil authorities
to be dealt with according to law.
Ra->leed, That, in adopting the preceding resolution,
the Momeare not influenced by an opinion nf any dcfi
etency of authority ia the House to punish for disorderly
conduct in their presence.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he had of course
had but a moment's time to reflect upon the sub-
ject now before the House, but he must confess
that the proposition of the honorable gentleman
from Tennessee, to turn these transgressors over
to the civil authority, struck him favorably; and
if now called upon to vote he would vote for it.
And he would do so the more readily, because
the second resolution guarded amply against any
disclaimer of power on our part to punish for
contempts. The amendment admitted that we
had the power to punish for a breach of the privi-
lege of this House; but because we had power to
do a thing it did not follow that it was always
wise to do it. He thought we would much better
subserve the interests of our constituents by
attending to the various public bills before us,
instead of entering upon the trial of these men.
We were now in the seventh month of our session,
and many, if not most, of the important bills
reported to the House were not finally acted upon.
There was the fortification bill, the land bill, and
the bill to regulate the deposits in the local banks;
all of which were yet undisposed of; and he
' thought the interests of the nation would be better
promoted by attention to these important subjects
than by trying these pugilistic gentlemen. From
the time that had already been consumed this
morning upon the question, whether both men
should be arrested, and from the knowledge we
all had of the disposition here to talk, we could
ikirly conclude that this subject, if a select com-
mittee were appointed, would occupy at least a
week of the precious time of this House. The
committee would report the evidence; the views
of gentlemen would conflict as to the culpability
of the one or the other; and upon the question of
zxiill there could not fail to be a protracted debate;
but when we came to the question, what punish-
ment we would inflict, there would.be still greater
diversity of opinion, and much greater dispositjon
to debate. In view of this inevitable consumption
of the precious time of this House, if a select
committee were appointed, he would vote for the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee.
After some further remarks from Messrs.
BELL, LANE, JUDSON, MANN of New
York, MILLER, SPEIGHT, ALLAN of Ken-
tucky, and CRAIG,
Mr. BELL withdrew his resolution; and
Mr. ADAMS inquired by what law or author-
ity it was that these individuals were now in cus-
tody?
Mr. BOULDIN rose to ask what the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] meant? Did
he suppose that 0ie privileges of the people of
this country were so great that their own servants
and representative!! could not go on with their
business, but that their own members, or even
reporters, might go on fighting in their presence,
and they have no right to take the offenders into
custody? Did he mean that individuals, not
members, might raise quarrels out of doors, and
one or more of them tub into this Hall for pro-
tection, and we not have the powrr to take them
—lay hold on them ? This (he said) was impris-
: onment, not power to pitch them out of doors—
, not the right given to take them, and send them
to a justice of the peace.
If these were the privileges of the people, they
exercised the privilege of sendingus to this House
little to their credit or advantage to themselves,
and less to ours.
He would have voted for the proposition of the
! gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr; Bell,] and was
j sorry it was withdrawn. He wished to e;et clear
i of these disturbers of the peace as quickly as pos-
| sible.
He had no doubt the law would settlethe thing
very well. We had something else to do than to
try such offenders. He had nothing against
either of them. They had disturbed us a little,
and he would be glad to have no more trouble
with them, or about them.
Mr. HEISTER then moved the prevLbuaques-
tion, which wai seconded—ayes 94, noea not
counted; and the main question being, ordered,
was put and agreed to, without a count.
So the resolution was agreed to, and the com-
: mittee was ordered to consist of five members.
The  following gentleman eoriipostd the select
. committee:   Mr.  Jupsotf, of Connecticut; Mr.
Mason, of Virginia; Mr. Bull., of Tennessee;
' Mr. Mann, of New York; and Mr, Williams, of
North Carolina.
PENSION BILLS.
The hour from eleven to twelve of this day
having been specially set apart for the consider-
ation of pension bills, and that hour having
elapsed from the length o"f time occupied in
reading and amending the Journal,
Mr. WARDWDLL moved to set apart the
residae of this day for that purpose; which was
agreed to.
The House then went into the Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. £jtAio in the chair,) and first
took up the following bill:
A bill extending the provisions of the act, en-
titled '* An act supplerrtt'ntnrv to" the act for the
relief of certain surviving ofrfcers and soldiers of
the Revolution."
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, rnoved to amend
the bill byextending its provisions to all those who
were engaged in the Indian wars from 1781 to
17U5.
After some remarks from Messrs. ALLAN,
WARDWELL, McKENNAN, and McKAY,
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to amend
the bill by striking out "three," and inserting
"six" months as the term of service entitling án
individual toa pension under the provisions of tfie
bill.
The amendment was discussVd by Messrs.
MANN of New York, PEARCE of Rhode
Island, LANE, BOON, and WARDWELL, and
then disagreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved stfro amend the
bitl as to provide" tensions for the'widows of those
engaged in the Indian wirflj which, after some
remark  from that gHntfemán, wa  agreed to.
Mr. W'ARDWELL. moved to include " minute
mett;" which, after debate between Messrs. AN-
THONY, WARDWELL, RENCHER, VAN-
DERPOEL, and HAMER, wns disagreed to.
PRIVATE- BIJ.LS;- •
The committee then took up an* considered
the following bills:                                     '   •
1   A bill for the relief of Jamea MuUings;
' A Ml for the relief of Stephen Talmadge ;
Á bill for the relief of John Collins;
A bill for the relief of Francis F. tot. Oyn,
A bill for the relief of Luke Voorhws;
A bill for tin  relief of peter.fc. AlW;
A bill for the relief at EbisnezerHtfkox;
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
