1636.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
^#47
this must depend on the course pursued by tlic ¡
MiX.can nation.    Will they give up the contest,
a-iJ loustiu 11 the separation of the province ot
Te\a*, or w i 1 ..hey continue the war and attempt
• -> mi rv.nii i u-ii dominion ovei it Wc must
look Lm jouil l i present aspee of atlair", into the
n a v >nd > i o n ind resouutsof the p.ultcs. If
tue M< x an rittin d< termine to prolong this
\  ir, an- t ii peopk of TlX is capable of sustam-
mg ihmisWvis thiuugn a protracted snuggle1
Tn.it tnev hue an .u iv su'Heieiitly numerous
and brvve m cat h< \a «i ied. but has the coun-
try sufiviei t popu a ion ami resources to sustain
a war of any eoosidiraolcu iiauon There weir,
he behoved, but about sivty thousand sou's in
Texas proper, and o ily om bundled and fifty
thousand in 'hew'i>'- icrrttoty, ninuding the
*Matc o. Province ">* Co uhui. He thougiit it
pre nature to a t on •! >s question at this lime,
and some delay was neees;,.ii v for thed*>v. loping
events and t'n conditio i oí that count!) to be-
come more settltd. Bat, huwevei smii'l may be
the population of that couiHiy,and however fee-
ble, comoared w nil the gieat Powers of the earth,
j el if the v should makeup in valor what they
want in iiuiikei - fthe\ 'lecomein fact free,and
t'ie  dominion of Mexico is overthrown—if they
*  ki!', i i f i t,existas an independent community,
exereisui  tlie powers of Government, he did not
see how «e could refuse to recognize their exist-
ence as an indtpei dei.t and sovereign State Can
we wiJihold fiora a brave people upon our bor-
ders, s^ruggl ng for their nglits, that common
justice win h we have extended to otliers ' Can
we deny to the inhabitants of Texas, most of
whom are emigrants Irom the United States, and
have carried with them not only our own lan-
guage, but all the eii ments of our free institutions,
that measure of justice  hich wc have accorded
to all otht-is-
He was not willing to sanction such injustice
from any narrow views of policy. He was aware
that there were, connected with the independence
of Texas, ulterior question! of the most momen-
tous character; questions which might shake this
Union to lis center. But he did not think they
could be avoided; we had to meet them, and
he should be prepared to do it whenever the proper
time arrived. Some of these questions were of a
very delicate nature, connected with the balance
of political power as regarded a particular interest,
which he would not now particularly allude to.
When these questions came upon us, however
they might embarrass and distract our councils,
hedidnotdoubt that the Republic would be safely
carried through them. He had full confidence
in me intelligence, justice, moderation, and good
sense of the people, to carry the Republic safely
t irough every difficulty. Clouds might hang
over us, and thick clouds gather around us; yet,
as bad been the case lu every former crisis, there
would appear a light to guide our course, and
point the way to a safe deliverance.
Whether these momentous questions, which
may grow out of the independence of Texas, had
been considered by the Legislature of his State,
he was not able to say, as he had not seen any of
the debates on the question But it was evident
that the representatives of his State had disre-
garded narrow and sectional considerations.
These resolutions are the offspring of that sense
of justice and love of liberty whieh belong to a
free people, who always sympathize with the op-
press'd when struggling for their rights. It was
enough that the representatives of such a people
witin ssed a desperate and unequal struggle forfib-
erty on the borders of the Republic. Theirsympa-
thiesi were sroused, they regarded the cause of the
Texans as the eause of justice, of humanity, of
liberty, and of the maintenance of those principles
of freedom under which the people of this coun-
try have been prospered and blessed above all
ot'ier nations of th" earth. They did not prob-
ably stop to inquire what might be the conse-
qui n<-< s of doing jux'ice to the brave inhabitants
of Texis, or wh tiiei, if they became independent,
tin y would continue a distinct community; or
whether they might not conquer Mexico, and
eri-ct a rival Republic in the southern part of this
continent, or whether the terrntory would be an-
nexed to the United States.
Without probably going into these questions,
they desired that justice should be done to a brave
ptople, heroically stiugghng for hbeityand in-
dependence. He high It appioved their patuntic
motives, and at the pi ope i time he should be pre-
pared to tuiilier the object tin v have m view , but
the y have wisely left the question as to time, to
Coi gress, lie eould not think the period foi ac-
tion on our p'vit had yet ailived. This was a
ease in which this Government should net with
caution. In oidinary ensesof this Kind the ques-
tion was on'y one of tact,and was but little cumu-
lated to compromit the inteiests oi honor of the
United States. Dnt the question in íegaid to
Te\as was very different, and vastly moro im-
poi taut. Tint in a eountiy on our own boideis
and its inhabitants, most of them,emigiants fioni
the United States, and most of the bravemen con-
stituting its aimy, who are so heroically fightin 
to ledeem the province,aie citizens of the United
States, who have engaged in this bold enterprise
as volunteers. Were ibis Government to be pre-
cipitate in acknowledging the independence of
Texas, might it not be exposed to a suspicion of
having encouraged these enterprises of its citi-
zens ! There is another consideration of more
importance. Should the independence of Texas
be follow ed by its annexation to the United States,
the reasons for suspicions derogatoiy to the na-
tional faith might be still stronger. If we, by
our own act, contribute to clothe the constituted
authorities of the province with the power of sov-
ereignty ovci it, and then accept a cession of the
country from those authorities, might there not
be some reasons to charge us with having recog-
nized the independence of the country, as a means
of getting possession of it' These, and other
considerations, require that this Government
should act with caution, yet, when the pioper
time arrives, it will be our duty to act, and to act
promptly. But he trusted that all would fee! the
importance of preserving the national faith and
national honor. They should not only be kept
pure, but free fiom injurious suspicions, being
more to be prized than any extension of territory,
wealth, population, and other acquisitions which
enters into the elements of national prosperity or
power. He would move that the preamble and
resolutions be read and referred to the Committee
. on Foreign Relations.
t                                General. Assembly, Mag 27,1836
Whereas,the people of Connecticut, one of the ftee and
sovereign State* or this Republic, have witnessed with
I reelings of sympathy the struggle of the people of Texas
to secure to themselves Independence snd fruedom. and
whereas, in maintaining their ju i and inalienable rights,
that people have been compelled to rc-ist the power, and
oppose the dominion of vastly superior numbers, who have
rxnitnted more than savage ferocity and rnrbamv, devas-
tating their country with the avowed object of either cxterni
mating tliem, or reducing tlicm to a state ol absolute de-
pendence and subjugauon   and whereas, in tins unequal
content, the Texans have exhibited a de-rree of wisdom
and firmness, moderation and hnvery, that commands the
sympathy of every friend of hbertv, and of his race, con
tending ai they are for their rights against barbarians who
have violated promises, broken faith, and murdered, in cool
biond, defenseless and confiding per-on-i    and whereas, the
people of Texas, through their representative*, have de
dared themselves independent, organized their torm ot
Government, and published to the world their intention to
become a free, sovereign, and independent nation, distinct
Irrtmand independent ot Mexieo- and whereas, appreei
ating the high resolve and unalterable determination ot this
gillant people to live free ot die—behaving, from what has
already transpired, that their independence can «nd will be
sustained, it becomes a imtter ot duty and justice on the
pirt of this Government, to acknowledge their mdepend
ence, and to recognize them as belonging to the family of
nations. Therefore,
Resolied by tKc members of Ike Senate and Howe of Rep
resenlaticei in General /ifcmWj com enetl, That the Pi m
tors from this Sute in the Congress of the United States,
be, and ihey are hereby, instructed, and the Representatives
requested, to use their best endeavors to procure the ac
kunwlcdginent, on the part of the United State , of the
indep-ndence of Texas; and that it be recognized as a free,
sovereign, and independent nation as sunn as mav be con
, tutent with our existing relations with loreun nations.
Resolved, That InsExeelleiicy the Governor berequeatod
to communicate copies of tin. p'eaiuble and resolution  to
each of our Scmtore ind Uepresentdtivei. In the Congress
of the United States
CHAUNCEY F. CLEAVELAND,
Speaker of the Home of llemt'entatues.
EBENEZEIt 8T0I)D\RD,
PreiUent or Me Senate
Mr. WALKER then stated his conviction that
this movement of the Legislature of Cornecticut
would form one of the brightest pages of its his-
tory. As to the time of reco|iiftion, he added
that, a  this was merery rin acknowledgment of
a fact, the required act Gould not b  piematurc.
I If we do not acknowledge the lndepeudcaije of
Texas promptly, the Te\in commissionois w ill
be recalled, and Texns will apply to a foieign
Power. England, seeking for a mw source for
hei supplies of cotton, will be tagei to ui knowl-
edge her independence, both for the puipose pf
obtaining from her the r.rvv material, and finding
there  a maiketfor the manuiactuied fabric. The
difference in favor of the Toxan pi inter over
bim of the United States will be twenty percent
lie had no doubt the Committee on Foiajgn Re-
lations would net promptly and wisely
:     The memorial was then icfenqd.
OTHER PETITIONS.
Mr. SHEPLEY presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Maine, praying for the establishment
of a post route, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PRENTISS presented the petition of
Arthui Chase, praying for a pension, which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.             ,
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENTON,from the Commuteeón Military
Affairs, to which was recommilted the 1 ill to
increase the military peace establishment of the
United States, reported as an amendment a sub-
stitute for the original bill; which was oideud to
' be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Poieign
Relations, to which had been referred the petition
of Captain Charles G. Ridgely, of the Navy,
made a favorable report t' ereon; which was read
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of the
widow of Peter Smith; which was read, and
Oidered to a second reading.
Mr. T., from the same committee, reported,
without amendment, the bill from the House for
the relief of John Flicker, recommending its
passage.
NEW POST ROUTES.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Remhed, That the Commutes on the Post Office mid
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into t«e expedí* ncy nf
I   «siabli-bing a po«t rout" from the viHage of NortbiuMd, in
I* the county Of Washtenaw, by HnrrtbOr¡ , to the Viftagg of
II  Howell, in the county of Livingston; and n post rome from
the village of Chaina, in the county ¡of Iienawtfej to Uie
village of Jope*vide, in the ceuiay of UiJL dale, on the
United States turnpike road, in t|ie Slate of Michigan^,
Mr. BUCHANAN subroHled the following
resolution, which was consideied and agreed to.
Resoluta, That the Commrttee on tho Post 'Office ami
Post Roids bi in-tructed to HHtmre into til" expediency of
establishing a po t route lrom York,by Cluigby*-church ami
Streen^town, to Nevvb^rrjtoivn, in tl.e count} of \ork,
Pennsylvania
Mr. WALKER presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Mississippi, praying foi the estab-
lishment of a new post íoute; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
GOLD AND SILVER CURRENCY.
Mr. BENTON submitted *hefollowing resolu-
tion:
Retohei, Tlist the Pre'tdent he requeued to catrse In-
quiring to be made ot die deposirbnnks, and of other banl,!
ot good credit, to a>certaia. whether any ot sunl banks, in
consideration of beingiiiadeot eon,.inuediiipo itones oJ the
public mo iev , will agree toentenhto arrangements to ihs
continue the use and circulation «f all fnp«r currerfey of
less denomination than twenty aoUarstand al-o!npr«n>ote
the circulation of gold by nay.ng «" the currency i*k-ui A by
it in gold and silver, Üje proportion ot ede-h to bi> at present
according to the best ability of the bank, and eventually ohe
halt of each; Me demahder ttf have the option ol one half
of either n>etal,M« the bank the other.
BILLS PASSED.
The foIlowinatiiUs wcieseyeially read the third
time and passed:                                       ,            .
Tlu: bill to íepeal the fourteenth section of Mie
act to incorpoiate the subscribers to tk« Bank of
the United States;
The hill in addition to the act providing for sj*k
and disabled seamen; and
,Tbe bill foi the relief of Henry II. H*U.
GABRIEL W. DEKTON AND OTHERS.
The bill for die relief at Gabriel W. Denton
and others was- read the sccbrid tiync.and consid-
