548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLASÉ.
.lutfé 13,
ered as in Committee of the Whole, and, after a
debate,orderedtobeengrossedforathird reading   I
THE PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
The bill to regulate the deposit of the public
moneys was then taken up as the order of the j
day.                                                                               I
The amendment of Mr. Leigh, to allow time
to such banks as had not sufficient amount of
specie to comply with the conditions of the bill,
to provide the necessary amount, was agreed to,
without a division.
Mr. CALHOUN was in hopes thai some Sen-
ator.coming from that portion of the Union where
this specie condition would have operated oppress-
ively, would move to strike it out. After hearing
the debate he was satisfied it would operate op-
pressively in some States, while in others the
banks would not be affected by it.
Mr. C. then moved to strike out the second
clause of the section.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, had felt some hesi-
tancy in making a proposition to strike out this
clause, though he agreed with the Seaators from
Virginia and South Carolina that it was wholly
useless, and that it would operate unequally a/id
oppressively on some of the deposit banks that
were, in all respects, essentially sound. He had
felt from the beginning the greatest solicitude to
pass such a law as would secure the safe-keeping
of the public funds, and guard the public inter-
ests, without incorporating into it anv provision
calculated to embarrass or defeat it. 'These were
his sentiments in the committee, and he was dis-
posed to carry them out now. With the opinions
that he entertained, he could not give his support
to the bill if this provision remained in it. The
banks of his State were as solvent as any in the
country; but the nature of their business was
■uch, that they would be compelled to' abandon
the custody of the public deposits, unless this
provision was stricken out. He thought, at one
time, to move to modify this provision; but this
only could be done by giving a discretion to the
Secretary, which rested with him already.
Mr. Calhoun'■ motion having been «greed to,
some additional amendments were made, on mo-
tion of Mr. Leigh, to correspond with it.
Mr. WRIGHT offered an amendment, the
effect of which is to require each deposit bank to
keep within its vaults such an amount of specie
as shall be required by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and shall, in his opinion, be necessary to
render «aid bank a safe depository of the public
money.
Mr. WALKER moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding the words, " having a due regard
to the nature of the business of said bank;" which
was agreed to, and the amendment as amended
was adopted.
Mr. BENTON moved: to amena the bin by
adding a proviso that it shall be lawful for the
President of the United States to direct transfers
to be made, from time to time, to the branch
mints of the United States, either for supplying
metal for coining, or for safe-keeping.
Mr. B. explained the advantages of this amend-
ment at full length. He was very much in
favor of preventing transfer  from none bank to
another, for the mere purpose of preserving the
credit of such bank, at the same time that he ap-
plauded some transfers that were made two years
ago, for the purpose of sustaining certain banks
against the hostilities of the Bank of the United
States. He was opposed to these transfers, for
he thought them liable to great abuses, and he
would be glad to see a provision made which
would cutoff all hopes of any ofthese banks being
sustained by the Treasury. But this provision
that he wished to be inserted, he thought was
calculated to be very useful. It might become
necessary for the Government to have transfers
made to the mints for other purposes than coin-
ing, should any difficulty arise as to depositing
public moneys with the State banks. He believed
that, with some extension of the mint system, all
the public moneys might be advantageously de-
posited with "them; but he did not look to this
now. All he proposed.wasto facilitatethe coinage
of the mints, and to have them as depositories of
the public money, if necessary. He, looked upon
this amendment as nothing ftiore'ihtin the revival
of the act of 1791, by which it was expressly
ordr-rpd that all the foreign coins received by the
Treasury should be sent to the Mint of the United
States; and he hoped it would find favor with the
Senate.
Mr. LEIGH moved for a division of the two
propositions contained in the amendment, so as
to take the question first as to the transfers to the
Mint for the purpose of coining, which he said
he was in favor of.
Mr. CALHOUN was opposed to the amend-
ment, as it might be the means of oppressing
some individual bank by transferring all the specie
in its vaults for the purpose of coining.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, could see no advantage
in either of the propositions contained in the
amendment. There could be no advantage to the
country in requiring banks to give up the coin in
their vaults for the purpose of recoining. Banks,
except on the sea-board, rarely kept bullion on
hand, and the effect of this amendment would be
to compel them to give up their specie. There
would l>e no sort of advantage in sending Spanish
milled dollars, which were current here, and cur-
rent everywhere, to the Mint to be recoined, for
it would give no more specie circulation to the
country.
Mr. "WRIGHT did not understand the propo-
sition as the Senator from Ohio did. He under-
stood it to be purely an authority to the President
to transfer certain amounts of money to the Mint
for the purpose of furnishing it with the means
for coining. In short, the proposition was in
accordance with the views expressed in both
Houses, when the branch mints were established
to enable them to have the means for purchasing
bullion for continuing the coinage. He had sup-
posed that their purpose in establishing the Mints
was to change the coinage of foreign gold coin
into our own, which being less desirable for ex-
portation, would be more likely to remain in the
country.
Mr. CALHOUN supposed the object was to
obtain a large circulation of the coin of the United
States. That could only be done by repealing
the laws making foreign coins a tender, and next
by suppressing the circulation of bank notes from
ten dollars down, which Congress could not do.
He was opposed to the amendment, and should
vote against it.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, said, that if the effect
of reducing the value of the gold coins had been
to retain them in the country, the effect had also
been to take so much silver out of the country.
That could be the only effect, though he did not
believe that cither had been the case to any extent
worth mentioning. Though the value of our gold
coin was fixed too low, yet the merchants fixed
the true value, and exported it When it was worth
more abroad than at home. As to establishing
new mints for the purpose of increasing the cir-
culation of specie, he looked upon it as perfectly
idle. Specie Was a mercantile commodity, and
would always be exported when it could be done
so on more favorable terms than toget exchanges.
Mr. LEIGH here withdrew his motion to di-
vide the two propositions in the amendment. The
objections (he said) to the first proposition did
not occur to him when he made his motion.
Mr. BENTON then renewed the motion just
withdrawn by Mr. Leigh. The two propositions
(he said,) were distinct from each other, and the
?uestions on them ought to be taken separately.
t did not appear to him that they would ever have
in this country a Secretary or President who
would act so preposterously as to send current
Coins to the Mint only to be coined over again;
and, therefore, the objection made to his amend-
ment fell to the ground. It was obvious that those
who were friendly to an increase of the coinage
were met at every point by the friends of the bank,
predicting the impossibility of their measures pro-
ducing the intended effect. This was commenced
with the efforts to rechartcr the bank, and was
continued in opposition to the establishment of
the branch mints. The proposition which met
with so much opposition now  was simply to give
to the President authority for supplying the mints
with metal for coinage; and if it prevailed, the
backs would,in alipiobability, readily endeavor
to furnish a supply of foreign coins and, of our
ówn'coins which are imperfect. This amendment
was perfectly free from all the objections made to
it, for the officers of the Mint would never think
of recoining our own perfect coin. The effect was
only to give life and activity to a law now on the
statute-book.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, was not aware of any
combination to prevent the increase of the coins
nor was he aware that he or any gentleman on
that floor was entitled to the appellation of friends
of the Bank of the United States. He had voted
for the recharter of that institution, but it was
not in being now, and they had nothing further
to do with it. He had opposed this and other
propositions of the Senator from Missouri, be-
cause he did not think they would produce uny
public good. The object of the gentleman to in-
crease the specie circulation was a good one, but
the means he proposed were not "calculated to
obtain it.
Mr. WRIGHT suggested another considera-
tion in favor of the amendment. It was known
that our country produced a considerable amount
of bullion, and it was desirable that it should re-
ceive our impress, instead of being sent abroad
j to be coined. The Mint, therefore, should have
the means of getting a supply of this native
bullion by the adoption of the proposition before
j thern.
The question was taken on the first proposi-
tion in Mr. Benton's motion authorizing trans-
fers to the Mint, for the purpose of supplying
metal for coining, and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 22, nays 17; as follows:
I YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Ewing of Illinois, Grundy, Hrndiicks, Kins of
' Alabama, King of Georgia, Knight, Morris, Niles, Page,
Rives, Robinson, Rugóles, Shepley, Toilmadge, Walker,
White, and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, Ewing of
Ohio, Goldsborough, Kent, Leigh, Mangum, Moore,
Naudain, Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Pretton, Bobbins,
Swift, and Webster—17.
The question then being on the second propo-
sition of Mr. Benton's amendment as to transfers
I to the Mint for the purpose of safe-keeping of the
I public money,
|     Mr. BENTON hoped the Senate would see that
1 this, was merely a temporary provision. If any
of the deposit banks should refuse to continue to
receive the public deposits, as some did during the
panic season, the mints would be then found val-
uable auxiliaries to the Treasury. He thought
that the mints would be anywhere as safe deposi-
tories as the banks; and as to the District of Co-
i lumbia, he wished all moneys paid out by the
| Government here to be paid from the Treasurer's
office.
On taking the question, Mr. Benton's second
proposition was rejected—yeas 13, nays 28; as
follows:
r YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Ewing of Illinois, Grun-
dy, McKean, Morris, Nicholas, Niles, Page, Robinson, Rug-
gles. Walker, and White—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Buchanan, CaJJioun, Clay, Crit-
tenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Ewing of Ohio. Gold>bortugh,
Hendricks, King of Alabama, Km  of Georgia, Knight,
Leigh, Mangum, Moore, Naudain, Porter, Prent)<«, Preston,
Rives, Ilobbins, Sheplev,  Swift, Tallmadge, Tomlinson,
i Webster, and Wright—28.
! Mr. BENTON offered an amendment, provid-
ing that in selecting and  continuing banks for
| depositories of the public moneys, a preference
should be giveftio Buch banks in good credit as
shall agree to relinquish the circulation of all notes
below twenty dollars, and promote the circulation
of gold coins.
. This amendment was rejected—yeas 15, nays
,23; as foliowb:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown, Grundy, King
of Geoigia, McKean, Morris, Niles, Page, Rives, Robinson,
Ruggle--, Tallmadge, Walker, and White—15.
NAY3—Messrs. Buchanan, Calhoun, Clav, Crittenden,
1 Davis, Ewing of Illinois, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsbormigh,
Hendricks, King of Alabama, Knight, Leigh, Moore, Nau-
! dain, Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Robbins, Sbepley,
' Swiit, Tomlinson, and Webster—23.
; Mr. BENTON then offered an amendment to
the thirteenth section, which provides for the
deposit of the surplus with the Sutes, by except-
ingfrom the operations of this section theamount
received from the sales of the public lands, and
subject to distribution under the bill for appro-
firiating the proceeds of the sales of the public
ands.                                   ,i
j     Mr. B. said that they Had passed a bill to dis-
' tribute all the moneylreceíved from the land sales
