18*6.
r
Tfffo €#N€gW6*OffAk OfrQflfi
W
for this year, and the next year, and therefore
there was nothing left for this bill to operate on
but «he monoy received from customs. It was
hardly to be supposed that in the nineteenth cen-
turv, a  rave legislative body like the Senate of
the United States would pass two bills for
dividing the same money, and it was tp save the
Sonate from the censures which they would fall
under for dividing the same asoney twice, that
he offered this amendment.
Mr. CALHOUN said that, in order to effect
the object of the Senator from Missouri, and
remove any ambiguity that might exist, he would
move to amend the amendment by adding the
words, «'provided said bill shall become a law."
He bad no doubt that, if both bills passed, the
land bill, making a apectaj appropriation, would
have the preference; but if this amendment
passed his addition to it would be necessary.
Mr. BEATON said that, if this amendment
prevailed, he should also move that tliia-second
distribution should not take effect, provided the
other became a law. He was utterly opposed to
this provision, by which one bill was not to take
effect, provided another became a law; but he had
an object in view. The land bill, like Jonah's
whale, bad swallowed up the grants tp the new
States, and he wished to ascertain whether this
bill was perfectly dead, that be might bring for-
ward another bill to reviva these grants, and carry
them through before the close of the session.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, said that the proviso
moved by the Senator from South Carolina would
be necessary.
Mr. BENTON said that, when hisamendment
was in his own power, he would move to cut off
all that was said about the distribution bill, leav-
ing his amendment to apply to the proceeds of
public lands only.
Mr. MORRIS said that, at the moment his ear
caught the sense of the amendment, he intended
to call for a division of it. He wished to know
whether the Senate was about to make a double
distribution of the proceeds of the land sales.
As far as respected the action of the Senate, the
land bill was, to all intents and purposes, a law,
because they did not, and could not know what
disposition i he House would make of it.
Mr. WEBSTER said that they neither saw
nor heard anything to induce them tq suppose
that the land bill would be got through the House.
On the contrary, there was every reason to be-
heve that it had been put to rest, and would not
be taken up again this session. What were they
to do? Were they to wait till the last moment
of the session to know what had become of the
land bill? They could not shut their eyes to the
facts which rendered it so improbable that this
bill would pass during this session; and under
such circumstances he felt it his duty to take the
proposition contained in this bill. He could not
see the force of the objections raised by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Mdmui,] that they were
making a double distribution of the proceeds of
the land sales. There was no incompatibility in
the two bills, supposing that they both passed.
He agreed that it was so improbable that there
would be a considerable surplus at the end of the
year, after deducting the proceeds of the land
sales, that there would be no necessity for pass-
ing this bill, provided the land bill passed. There
might, however, be a surplus over and above the
proceeds of the land sales; and there would (there-
fore, be no incongruity in passing both bills.
Mr. CALHOUN did not see the slightest diffi-
culty between this bill and the other, with or
without the amendment. The one was specific,
and the other was general-, and, if both passed,
all sound lawyers would say that the first would
take the precedence. It was under these impres-
sions that, in drawing this bill, he did not think it
necessary to take any notice of the land bill; but,
as the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Bentob] had
thought it necessary to offer an amendment, to
remove an apparent incongruity, he had no ob-
jections to it, provided his proviso was also added)
to render it perfectly clear.
Mr. WALKER said that, if he was not mis-
taken, this bill provided for a loan to the States
of certain balances remaining in the Treasury, to
commence oo the 1st of January next; and the
land bill-provided for taking a-certain portion of
the revenues and distributing; them both prior and
subsequent to that period. ííow,when the time
arrived, which bill would be taken as the guide for
distribution ? Certainly, no one taking up this
bill would suppose that millions were appropri-
ated m another bill. Was it not making experi-
ments in legislation to pass two bills repugnant
to each other, in order to carry the same meas-
ure ? Was it not confessed by the friends of this
measure that they were making experiments in
legislation* for they acknowledged that they
would not press this bill if they thought the land
bill would become a law. No vote was yet taken
on the land bill in the House, and they did not
know what would be the fate of their first exper-
iment. Why, then, try a second experiment
before knowing what the fate of the first would
be?                                                                                i
Mr. WEBSTER observed that the Senator
from Mississippi being opposed to both measures,
was of course glad to find in one a reason for not
passing the other. He believed that the country
would see the situation they were in, and the
necessity for passingsome law for the distribution
of the surplus; and so convinced was he of the
necessity for this measure, that he was not so
anxious to wait for the official annunciation of
the fact so much desired by some and zo much
feared by others, the defeat of the land bill.
Fearing that the land bill would not pass, he felt
it his duty to take the proposition before tbcm
instead of it. There was no incompatibility in
the two bills; both might pass, and no harm be
done.
Mr. MORRIS did not know on what gentlemen
founded their predictions that the land bill would
not pass. Had they now come to the conclusion
that this land bill was founded in error and ought j
not to pass? or that the House would not do its
duty by acting on the bills before it ? He saw no
grounds for the opinion that this bill would not
pass. It was a matter of which they neither knew
nor could know anything; but they did know
that, as far as respected the Senate, this land bill
was already a law. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts had misunderstood him in supposing
him to say that there was an incompatibility in
the two bills. He did not say that there was any
such incompatibility, but the argument cf the
gentleman had convinced him that there -was an
incompatibility in the legislation he supported,
for he acknowledged that he would not pass this
bill if he thought that the other would become a
law.
After some observations from Messrs. EWING
of Ohio, and BENTON, the question was taken
on the adoption of Mr. Calhoun's proviso, and
it was agreed to—yeas 22, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Me?«rs. Black, Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden,
David, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsboroujh, Hendricks, Kent,
Kmglit, Leigh, McKenn, Mnnnuin, Moore, Porter, Preston,
Robbin , Swift, Tomlinson, Webster, and White—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Cuthbert, Ewing ofll-
linois, Grundy, Hubbard, Morris, Naudam, Nicholas, Niles,
i Bives, Sbeplev, Tallniadge, Tipton, Walker, and Wright
! —16.
¡     The question was then taken on Mr. Benton s
, amendment as amended, and it was rejected-
yeas 15, nays 35; as follows:
YEA3—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Cuthhert, Ewing of
Illinois, Hendricks, Hubbard, King of Georgia, Morris.
Niles, Prentiss. Rives, Kuggles, Shepley, Walker, and
White—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Brack, Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, Da-
vis, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Grundy, Kent, Knight,
Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Moore, Naudain, Nicholas,
Porter, Prentiss, Robbing, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, Tom-
linson, Webster, and Wright—2o.
Mr. CALHOUN moved to fill the blank in the
thirteenth section with two millions.
[This is for the sum proposed to be retained in
the Treasury before making the deposits of the
surplus with the States, as provided for by this
section.]
Mr. BENTON said he wookl name tó.000,000,
which was the amount in the Rank of the United
States at the time the transfers of the deposits
! were made.
i      Mr. WRIGHT said that, before the Senate
| decided on this question, he would move to fill
this blank, after deducting the outstanding appro-
priations.  If the gentleman would deduct the out-
I   standing appropriations after the 1st of January,
|  he would be content with the $2,000,000, ot even
II  with $1,000,000.      • •        '
After soma discussion of this motion by
Messrs. CALHOUN, WRIGHT, and WEB-
STER,
The Senate adjourned'.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 13,1836.
Mr. BOON made an ineffectual attempt to get
up die bill amendatory of the act for the relief of
certain Polish exiles.
BILLS PASSED.
On mótjon of Mr. WARDWELL, by general
consent, the following engrossed bills were read
a third time and passed:
A bill for the relief of James Mullings;
A bill for the relief of Stephen Talmadge;
A bill for the relief of John Collins;
A bill for the relief of Francis F. St. Cyr;
A pill for the relief of Xiuke "Voorhise;
' A bill for the relief of Peter L. Allen;
A bill for the relief of Ebenezer Hickox;
A bill for the relief of James Logan;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Price;
A bill for the relief of William KeUar;
Á! bill fox the relief of John Conkin;
A bill for the'relief of James J. Coffin;
A bill for thiTréliéf of Thaddeus Potter;
A bill for the reljef of Margaret Reynolds;
1 A bill for the relief of Coleman A. Collier;
A bill for the relief of John Casey;
A bill for the relief of William Foxworthy;
A bill for the «¡lief of Ellen Ahum Schmuck;
A bill for tl>e relief of Ephraim F. Gilbert;
A bill for the relief of Noah Miller;
A bill for the-relief of Alpheus Hutchins;
A bill for the relief of Godfrey Vaught;
A bill for the relief of John Lent;
A bill for the relief of William Davis;
A bill for the relief of William Faris;
A bill for the relief of Patrick McEwren;
A bill for the reliefof-Peggy Abel, SaHy Rolls,
and Elijah Greenf
A bill for the relief of Charles Blake;
A bill for the relief of Robert Lucas;
A bill for Ae relief of Josiah Westlake;
A bill for the relief of Walter Dyer;
A bill for the relief of Jeremiah Goldsmith;
A bill for the relief éf Joseph Tutde;
A bill for thft relief of Matthias Twer ;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Danforthv
A bill for the relief of Jacob Wallace;
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Dow;
A bill for the relief of James Scott, Richard
Severson, and Lot Leonard;
A bill for the relief of Frederick WHhied;
A bill for the relief of John Boone;
A bill (or the relief of John Herrick;
A bill for the relief of Ann Evans;
A bill for the relief of James McFarland;
A bill for the relief of Ebenezer Dewey;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Paxkhurstfwul
Daniel Havens;
A bill for the relief of Jonas Cornmins;
A bill for the relief of Isaac Ruknd;
A bill for the relief of Job Daniels;
A bill for the relief of Daniel Trabue;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Coit;
A bill for the relief of Robert Smith;
A bill for the relief of Job Dow;
A bul for the relief of Andrew Gray;
A bill for the relief of George Fields;
A bill for the relief of Samuel M. Ashbury;
A bill for the relief ,of WilliamJenkenaon;
A bill for the relief of John Miles;
A bilLfor the relief of Josiah Curtis;
A bill for the relief of William Pattie;
A bill fof the relief of John Scetts;
A bill for the relief of Travis Fritters;
A bill for the relief of Balaam Bowers;
A bill for the relief of Singleton Ketcham;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Swain;
, A bill for .the relief of Gaines Hitchcock;
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Elkuw;
A bill for the relief of Albert Pawlings;
A bill for the relief of Mieajah Ricketts;
, A bill for the relief of Barton Hooper;
A bill for the relief of Henry Maggsrt;
A bill for the relief of Stephen Boh*nn n'
A bill for the relief of ^Uatn Warden;
, A.bMJbr.the relief of .George McFadden,
