tm^NGftíSssiotfítL' fetóüÉ:
June !&,!
A bill for the relief of George White;             • • i
A bill for the reliiT of Tilomas Harrison;          I
A b'll fur the relief of Orris Gray;
A b.ll for the relief of Jacob S!ou?h;
A bill for the relief of Daniel Stoddart;
A bill for the relief of the widow and children
of Richard Anderson:
A bill for the relief of the widow of Samuel
Gibbs;                               . ~            „   ,_
A bill for the relief of George Barkney ana >
John Weaver;
A bill for the relief e-f Daniel Cobb;
A bill for the relief of Solomon Ketcham;
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Flint;
A bill for the relief of Daniel Granger;               ,
A bill for the relief of Mary Lampkin;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Robinson,
daughter of Lieutenant Wilde;
A bill for the relief of Leslie Combs;                 I
A bill for the relief of Robert McBride;             |
A bill for the relief of John Clark, JehielSoule, ,
Samuel B. Hugo, and Isaac Eckright.                    |
A bill for the relief of Alexander Estep;
A bill for the relief of Cary Clark; and
A bill for the relief of John A. Rogers.
Mr. HAWES entered a motion to reconsider
the bill for the relief of Ellen Ahurn Schmuck.
REPORTS TROX COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, (to which the same had been referred
a few days since,) reported back the following
bills:
A bill making appropriations for the improve-
ment of certain harbors therein mentioned, for
the year 183K.
A bill making appropriations for building light-
houses, light-boats, beacon-lights, buoys, and
making surveys for 1836; both of which were
committed.
NAVAL DEPOT IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr  PINCKNEY asked the consent of the
House to go into Committee of the Whole for
half an hour on the bill to establish a naval de-
pot in South Carolina, which was objected to;
and a motion was then made by Mr. P. to sus-
pend the rules'for the purpose.
Mr. JARVIS explained that it was the inten-
tion of the Naval Committee to ask for a special
order K> take up the several bills reported by that
committee.
The motion was lost.
MEMORIALS, RESOLUTIONS,  ETC.
Mr. MARTIN, on leave, presented sundry
memorials. •
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky,
it was                   >
Resolved, That (he Committee oa Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire iaw> the expediency or passing n law for
the benefit of the heirs of John Tupman, who was an oífixer
in the Navy during the revolutionary war.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky,
it was
lltsolvti, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pension*
be instructed to inquire Into the expediency of reinstating
Solomon Prewatt, of Keotaiky, aa a pensioner.
MICHIGAW AND ARKANSAS.
In execution of the special order of Monday
last, the House then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the following bills:
An act to establish the northern boundary of
the State of Ohio, and to provide for the admis-
sion of the State of Michigan into the Union
upon the conditions therein expressed; mid
An net for the admission of the State of Ar-
kansas into the Union, and to provide for the due
execution of the laws of the United States within
the same, a!id for other purposes.
Both these bills had been reported from'the
Committee at the Whole without amendment.
The House proceeded .first to'the consideration
of the Michigan bill. -               '
M ¿LINTON renewed the following amend-
ment, offered by him in. Committee of the Whole:
mind fioriilcH milto, and it ishcrthy further crjirtstly de-
clared, That if the convention provided for in-the third sec-
tion of mu act «hall not give the assent therein required,
th*- boundaries of the State* pf Ohio and Indiana «hall
iievertiteicvs b¿ and forever remain fixed and established
between theiu and Michigan as the sanie are ia this act
above spepiffcd and described.
Mr. V. atked for the yeas and nays; •wfikh
were ordered; and the question bein  taken, was
decided as follows—yeas 81, nays 126.
YEAS —Messrs. Heman Allen, Ashley, Bailey, Dond,
noon, Bunch, Join CiKioon, William D. Calhoun. Camp-
boll, Carr, Carter, George Chambers, John Chambers,
Chiids, Nathaniel 11. Claiborne, Olnrk, Corwin, Crane,
Dariuiston, Diberry, Denny, Evane, Everett, Philo C. Ful-
l;r, Rice Giulaud, Granger. Grave-, Grnyt-on, Grenncll,
Griffin, 11 ¡land Hall Hard, Hardin, Harlan, Harper, Hazel-
tine, Heister, Hoar, Howell, Hunt, Ingersoll, William Jack-
son, Janes, Heary Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kinnard,
Lane, Lawrence, Lay, Luke Lea, Lincoln, Love, Lucas,
Sampson Mason, Maury, McCarty, McKennan, McLene,
Mercer, Milligan, Morris, James A. Pearcc, Pettigrew, Phil-
lips, Pinekney, Reed, Hu«seII, William B. Sbeparri, Augus-
tine 11. Sheppsrd, Shield . Sl.vle, Spangler, Standbier,
Steele, Storer, Taliaferro, Underwood, Vmton, Washing-
ton, Elbha Whittlesey, and Lewis Williams—81.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, I'hilton Allan, Anthony. Ash,
Barton, Benn, Beaumont, Bockee, Borden, Bouldln,Bovee,
Boyd, Brutes, Brown, Buchanan, Burns, Cambrelcng, Casey,
Chancy, Chapman, Chapín, John F. H. Claiborne, Cores,
Connor, Crni?, Cramer, Cushman, Dickcrson, Dickson,
Dnubledav, Dromsonlc, EfFner, Fairfield, Parian, Fowler,
French, Fry, William K. Fuller, Galhraitii, James Garland,
Gillet, Glascock, Grawtland, Haley, Joseph, Hall, Hamer,
Hannrgan, Samuel á. Harrison, Albert G. Harrison, Hawes,
H iwkins, Hayncs, Henderson, Holsey, Hopkins, Howard,
Hublt/, Huntington. Huntsman, In ham, J abez Jackson,'
jarvis,' Joseph Johnson, Richard M. Johnson, Cave John-
son, John W, Jones, Kilgoro, Lansing, Lapsrte, Gideon
Lee, Joshua Lee, Leonard, Lewis, I.o_;an, Loyall, Lyon,
Job Mann, Martin, John Y. Mason, William Mason, Moses
Mason, May, McComas McKay, MeKeon, McKim, Miller,
Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Owen , Page,
I Parker, Parks, Patterson, Vatton, Frankun Fierce, Dutee J.
I Pearce, Phelps, Potts, John Reynolds, Joseph  Reynolds,
Ripley, Roane, Robertson, Seymour, Shinn, Sickle , Smith,
' Speight,   Suherland, Taylor, Thomas,   John   Thomson,
Toucey, Tiirnll, Vnnderpbel, Wagendr, Ward, Wardwell,
, Webster, Weeks, White, Thomas  T.  Whittlesey, and
I Sherrod Williams—126.
1 So the amendment was rejected,
i Mr. ADAMS then renewed his amendment to
strike out the first, second, and third sections,
and insert three other sections, reserving to
Michigan the boundary claimed by her under the
ordinance of 1787.
Mr. A. addressed the House on the subject of
, his amendment, and entered at large into the
I merits of the whole boundary controversy, citing
a great variety of documents and papers from the
ordinance of 1787 down to the report of the pres-
ent Judiciary Committee of the House of Repre-
I sentatives.
'     As soon as Mr. Adams had concluded,
Mr, CUSHMAN rose and said that, notwith-
standing what had been said against the rule.rel-
ative to a call for the previous question, he con-
! sidered it one of the most salutary rules of that
House, and he therefore now embraced the priv-
ilege of moving it.
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved a call of the
House, and asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and were—yeas 109, nays 43.
I Afcr proceeding with the call for some time,
j Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to dispense
with all further proceedings thereof; which was
lost.
After the roll had been gone through a second
time, (one hundred and sixty members  being
1 present,)
Mr. HUNTSMAN renewed the motion to dis-
i pense with the further proceedings of the call;
which was agreed to—ayes 98, noes not counted.
I The motion for the previous question was then
i seconded by the House—ayes 95, noes 41; and
I the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. REED asked for the yeas and nays on
] the main question, (on the third reading of the
Í bill;) which were ordered, and were—-yeas 153,
j nays 45; as follows:
YF.A3 — tteau. Chilton Alian, Anthony,.Ash, Asbicy,
I Beale, Bean, Beaumont, Bockee, Bond,   Tfooji   Borden,
j Bopldin, Bovec, Boyd, Brown, Bueimnaft, Bunch, Burns,
I JohnCamodn.Cambrclcng,Campbell.Card,C.«.ey,Chancv,
Chapman, Clinpin, Nathaniel H. Claiborne, Join  F.  ft.
I ClaibornejCleveland, Coffee, Colea, Connor, Corwin, Craig,
| Cramer, Cushinan, Deherry, Denney, Dickerson, Diekson,
I Doublcday, Drom?oole, Fairfield, Farlin, Fowlor, French,
i Fry, Philo C. Fuller, William K. Fuller, Galbraith, James
' Garland, Gillet, Granger,Grai>ttand,Gray*on,Ualev, Joseph
|   Hall, Hamer, Hannegnn, Samuel S. Harrison, Albert G.
Harrison,   Hawes, Hawkins, Haynes, HeUter, Hopkins,
Howard, Howell, Hubley, Huntington. Huntsman, Ingham,
William Jackson, Jabez Jackson, Janes, Jarvis, Joseph
Johnson, Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson, Heary Jane-
son, John W, Jones, Benjamin Jones, Judson, Kilgore,
Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Lawler, Lay, Gideon Lee, Joshua
Lee, Lnko Lea, Leonard, Logan, Loyall, Lyon, Abijan
Mann, Martin, William Mason, Mosse Mason, Maury, May,
McKay, MeKeon, McKira, McLene, Miller, Montgomery,
Morgan, Muhlenberg,  Owen*, Page,   Parks, Pattcreon,
Fatton, Franilin  Pierce,   Lutee J. Pearce,  Pettigrew,
Phelps, Pinckrrey, Reneher, John Remold*, Ripley. Roane,
Rogers, Seymour, WilHnm B. Shepard, Augustine II.
Shepperd. Shields, Slnnn, Sickles, Sloane, Spangler,
Speight, Standefer, Storer, Sutherland, Taylor, Thomas,
John Thomson, Toucey, Turril), Vanderpoel. Vinton. Wag-
cner. Ward, Wardwell, Wa-liin<rton, WebMer, Weeks,
White, Elisha Whittlesey, and Thomas T. Whittlesey—
153.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Hcman Allen, Bailey, Bell,
Briggs, William B. Calhoun, George Chambers, John
Chambers, Childs,Clark, Everett, Graves, Grennell,Griffin,
[lilami Hall, Hard, Hardin, Harper, Ilazeliiae, Hoar, Ia-
gorsoll, Jenifer, Lawrence, Lincoln, Love, Sampson Ma-
son, McCarty, McKennan, Mercer, Milligan, Morris, Par-
ker, James A. Pearce, Phillips, Potts, Reed, Robertson, Rus-
sell, Slade, 8teele, Taliaferro, Underwood, Lewis Wil-
liams, Sherrod Williams, and Wise—4j.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading this
day.
ADMISSION OF ARKANSAS.
The House then took up the bill providing for
the admission of Arkansas into the Union.
Mr. BRIGGS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS then renewed the amendment,
submitted by him in Committee of the Whole, in
relation to the restriction of slavery in the State
of Arkansas.
The amendment having been read,
Mr.  WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, rose, and
moved the previous question.
¡     Mr. ADAMS then claimed the floor,
i     Mr. WILLIAMS insisted upon his right; and
The CHAIR decided  that, according to the
, strict rule, the latter gentleman was entitled to
1 the floor, if he insisted upon it.  That gentleman
i rose  in his place, and was announced  by the
| Chair.  He submitted amotion; that motion was
i propounded from the Chair; and the gentleman
from Massachusetts did not claim the floor until
the Chair was about to put the question to the
House.
Mr. ADAMS appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, inquired
if the gentleman from Massachusetts had resumed
his seat?
,     Mr. ADAMS stated explicitly he had not.
Mr. WILLIAMS said it was clear, then, that
¡ the gentleman from Massachusetts was entitled to
' the floor.
Mr. BOON remarked, then, that if a gentleman
chose to stand in his place, he might claim tbJe
floor, to the exclusion of erery other member,' ai
long as he pleased.
Mr. PHILLIPS said that, being in the imme-
! diate neighborhood of his colleague, [Mr. Adams ,]
I and having observed what passed, he felt bound
j to state that, according to his recollection, his
colleague rose, addressed the Speaker, stated thai
he wished to offer an amendment to the bill, and
sent his amendment to the Clerk, remaining upon
his feet while the Clerk proceeded to read it, evi-
dently with the intention of proceeding to address
the House in relation to it. The Speaker was,
at the time, looking-towards the other quarter of
the House. At the instant when the Clerk had
finished reading, the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Williams] rose, was immediately recog-
nized by the Speaker, and moved the previous
question; which was entertained by the Chair.
Mr. Adams immediately claimed the right of pro-
ceeding, stating that he had not relinquished the
floor, and had merely awaited'the reading of the
amendment by the Clerk. Tire Speaker then
looked towards him, and immediately said: "The
gentleman from Massachusetts will proceed;"
"but upon objection being made by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Hannegan,] and others who
were standing in the center aisle, the Speaker
decided that the gentleman from Kentucky was
entitled to the floor. Mr. P. said that he could
not have the slightest doubt that his colleague
was entitled to the floor, and that he was in the
«et of addressing the Chair when the gentleman
from Kentucky submitted his motion.
Mr. BOULDIN said he, like the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Phillips,] was stand-
ing near theeentlerrmn from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams.] Mr. B. was standing in front of him,
[Mr. Adams,] anil quite near, though not quite
asnearas the gentleman last up, [Mr. Phillip ,]
who was sitting Very near him on his left. Mr.
B.' had not the least doubt of the sincerity of that
gentteman in eaiying that His colleague  [Mr.
