1836.   I.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
Adims] had not forfeited his precedence on the j
floor He (.Mi. B.I had hule Knowledge of the
ru'ts, but standing immediately before the gen-
tleman, f\Ir. Adams,] he had expected him to
support ins m.uinn, and was listening to hear it.
He wns surprised not to find him goon. A short
timj atnr, lie (.Mr. U.) had come to the conclu-
sion in u ihe gentli man from Massachusetts [Mr.
Auois] d.d not intend to support, at that time,
his. motion tu aim nd, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky (Mr. Williams] addressed the Chair, as
he u idi • «tood 11. <iiid the Chair anuounced, " the
getulemui foin Kentucky."
Mi. ADAMS here interrupted the gentleman
from Virginia, and was going on for some time,
•A hen
Mr. BOULDIN begged leave to ask the gen-
tleman \vh' tlv r lie was explaining, or what?
Mr ADAMS said he was answering the gen-
tleman trom Virginia.
Mr. BOULDIN then said the gentleman from
Massachusetts had cut him out in the middle of
a semicolon; while the gentleman himself had
made his inmion, had his amendment read, and
was waiting until another gentleman had obtained
the floor, and addressed the Chair, and still
claimed the floor. Mr. B. said he would move to
lay the raouon to amend on the table.
A suggestion being made that the motion was
out of order,
Mr. BOULDIN moved the previous question
on the appeal, which was seconded by the House
—ayes 95, noes 51.
Mr. EVANS asked for the yeas and nays on
ordering the main question; which were ordered,
•nd were—veas 109, nays 80.
Mr. REED then asked for the yeas and nays
on the main question, being " Shall the decision
of theCUaii stand as the ludgmentof the House?"
which were ordered, ana were—yeas97, nays 87.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed; and
the question recurring on the motion for the pre-
vious question, it was seconded by the House—
ayes 11)1, noes not counted.
Mr. BlUGGS called for the yea and nays on
ordering the main question to be put; which were
ordered, and were—yeas 127, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS — Messr*. Ash, Ashley, Barton, Boalr, Bean,
Bo.-kee. Coon, Bouldin, Bojd, Brown, Buchanan, Bunch,
Burrs C'ambrelcng, Case}, Chancy, Chapman, Chapín,
Nathaniel II Claiborne, John P. II. Claiborne, Cleveland,
Coffee, Coles, Connor, Craig, Cminer, Cashnan, Deberry,
Diek-son, Doubleday, Dmoigoole, Fairfield, Tarlm, For-
ester, French, Fry, William K. Fuller, Galbraith, Gillet,
Grantlaiid, Grayson, Haley, Joseph Hall, Ilamsr, Albert
G. Ham-on, Hawf, Hawkins, Havnee, Holsey, Hopkins,
Howard, Habicy, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, Jabez
Jackson, Jarvjs, Joseph Johnson, Richard M. Johnson,
Cave Johnson, Henry Johnson, John W. Jones, Benjamin
Jones, Judson. Kilgore, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Lawler,
Gideon Lee. Jo-ihua Lee. Luke Lea, Leonard, Lewi-,
Logan, Loyall, Lucas, Lyon, Ytujah Mann, Martia, John
Y. Maaon, William Ma on, .Moses Ma on, HcComu,
McKa), M<"Keoa, McKim, McLene, Miller, Montgomery,
Morgan, Muhlenberg, Owen , Page, Parks, Patterson,
Franklin Pierce, Phelps, Pmekney, John Reynolds, Joseph
Reynolds. Ripley, Roane, Cogen, Seymour, Sluelds,
Sickles, Smuh, Speight, Stan defer, Sutherlaud, Taylor,
Tlioma-,JohnThoin-on, Waddy Thompson, Toueey, Tur-
nll, Vanderpoel, Wa-ener, Ward, Wnrdwell, Washington,
Webster, Week*, Thomas T. Whittlesey, and Sberrod
William*- 127.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Anthony, Bond, Borden, Briggs, John Calhoon, William
B Calhoun, George Chamb-'rs, John Chamber-', Clark,
Cotwib, Cujhing, Darlington, Denny, Evans, Everett,
Fowler, Piulo C. Fmler, Graven, Greonell, Hiland Hall,
Hard, Hardin, Harlan, Harper, Samuel 3 H imson. Hazel-
tine, Henderson, Hei-tcr, Hoar, Howell, Inger=oll, William
Jackson, Janes, JeneerjLaportc,Lawrence, Lay,Lincoln,
Lore, Job Mann. Sampson Mason, Maury, Mccarty, Me-
Kenuan, Mercer, Mil ligan, Morns, Parker, On tee J. Pearce,
Phillip , Pott-, B.eed, Renchcr, Robertson, Russell, Plade,
Spangler, Slorer. L'nderwood, Vinton, White, Ehsha Whit-
tlesey, Lewis Williams, and Wise—67.
So the House determined that the main ques-
tion on ordering the bill to a third reading should
be then put.
Mr. IIEISTER asked for the yeas and nays
on that question; which were ordered, and were
—yeas 147, nays 52; a  follows:
yE'lS — Messrs. Chilton Allan, Ash, Ashley, Barton,
Beale, Bean, Bell, Bockee, Boon, Bouldin, Boyd, Brown,
Bacbanan, Bunch, Burns, John Calhoon, Cambreleng,
Campbell, Ccncr, Casey, George Chambers, John Cham-
ber* thancv, Chapman,Chapín, Nathaniel H. Claiborne,
John F II. Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee, Cole , Connor,
Crai", Cramer, Cushman, Deberry, Dickson, Doubleday,
Dromgool". F nrfield, Farlin, Forester, French, Fry, Wil-
liam K. Fuller, Galbraith, James Garland, Rice Garland,
GiUet, Granüand, Graves, Grayson, Griffin, Haley, Joseph.
Hall, Uamer, Hardin, Harlan, Albert G. Harrison, Hawes, i
Hawkins, Haynes, Holsey, Hopkins, Howard, Howell,
Hiiblev. Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, Jabez Jaek«on, '
Jam-, Joseph Johnson, Richard M Johnson. Cive John-
son, Ileury Johnson, John W. Jones, Ju 1-on, Kilgore, Kin-
nard, Lane, Lan-uig, Lawler, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee,
I.like Lea, Leonard, Lewi-, Logan, Lov.ill, Lina"), L\nn,
\bijah Mann, Job Mann, Martin, John Y Mason. Wdliam
Mason, Moses Mason, Maury. M:t 'omn, McKay, McKeon,
McKun, McLenp, Miller, Montgomery, Morgan, Muhlen-
berg, Owens, Page, Park-, Patterson, Patton, Fianklin
Pe'rcc. Phelps, Pinckne\ ,Rencher,Jolin Reynolds, Joseph
Reynolds, Uiple\, Roane, Robertson, Rogers, Seymour,
Augu Une II. Shepperd, Shield*,Suckles, Spangler, Speight,
Standetcr, Slorer, Taliaierio,Ta) lor, Ttaouias, John Thorn
son, Toucej, Turn'l, Vniiilcrpml, Wagoner, Ward, Ward-
en, Wa-huigtnn, Web ter. Weeks, White, Thomas T.
Whitttesci, Sherros William", and Wise—147.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam , Heman Allin, Antlionv, Bailev.
Bond, Borden, Crug-, William B. Calhoun, Child , Clark,
Crane, Cn-hing, Darlington, Denny, Evans, Everett. Philo
C Tuller, Grcindt, Hil «id H ill. Hird, Harper, Samuel 9.
Harrison. Hazeltnie, Hendt r-on. Hei-ter, Hoar, Inirersoll,
William Jackson, Janes, Laportc, Lawr nce, Lay, Lincoln,
Love, Stuipaou Ma-on. McCarty. Mclicnnan, Milligan,
Morris, Paiker, Dutee J. Pearce. Phillip , Pott-, Heed,
Rus-el!, Shinn, Slade, Sloane, Underwood, Vinton, Eluha
Whittlese , and Lew is Williams—52
So the bill was ordered to a third reading this
day.
The Michigan bill was then read a third time.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said, that a test rote had
already been taken on this bill, and the expres-
sion in its favor was so strong, thnt no gentleman
could doubt its passage. Under a firm belief that
the further consumption of time would not change
a vote, or alter the result, he moved the previous
question.
So the bill was passed.
The Arkansas bill was then taken up and read
a third time.
Mr. HUNTSMAN moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded—ayes 95, noes not
counted; and the main question being ordered,
Mr. ALLEN, of Vermont, then asked for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill; which
were ordered, and were—yeas 143, nays 50; as
follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Chilton Allan, Ash, Ashley, Barton,
Beale, Bean, Bockee, Bonn, Bouldin, Boyd, Brown, Buch-
anan, Uuacft, Burns, John Calhoon, Cambreleng, Camp-
bell, Carter, Casey, George Clianiber-, John Chambers,
Chaney, Chapman, Chapín, NUhaniel II Claiborne, John
F II Claiborne, Cleveland, Coffee, Cole , Connor,
Craig, Cramer, Cuxhinan, Deberry, Dickson, Doubledav,
Dromgooie, Fairfield, Farlan, French, Frv, William K.
Fuller, Galbraith, James Garland, Rice Garland, Gillet,
Grantlaiid, Grave , Gray-o'i, Griffin, Haley, Joseph Hall,
Hamer, Hardin, Harlan. Albert G. Harrison, Halve*. Haw-
kins, Hayneb, Holsey, Hopkins, Howard, Howell, Hublcy,
Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, Jabc¿ Jackson, Jam ,
Joseph Johnson, Richard M Johnson, Cave Johnson, Henry
Johnson, John W Jones, Judson, Kilgore, Kinnard, Lane,
Lansing, Lawler, Gideon Lee, Jodiua Lee, Luke Lea,
Leonard. Lewi , Logan, Loyall, Lucas, Lyon, Abijah
Mann, Job Mann,Martin,JohnY.Ma«on, William Mason,
Mo es Mason, Maury, McComas, McKay, McKeon, Mc-
Kun, Miller, Montgomery, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Onens,
Page, Parks, Patter-on, Patton, Tranklin Pierce, Phelp3,
Pinckney, Rencher, John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Rip-
ley, Roane, Robertson, Rogers, Seymour, Augustine H.
Shepperd, Shields, Sickle-. Smith, Spangler, Speight, Stan-
defer, Storer,Tahalerro, Taylor, Thomas, Toueey,TurriII,
Vanderpoel, Ward, Washington, Webster, Weeks, White,
Thomas T. Whittlesey, Sberrod Williams, and Wise—143.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Heman Allen, Anthony, Bailey,
Bond, Borden, Bnggs, William B. Calhoun, Childs, Clark,
Crane, Cushing, Darlington, Denny,Evnns, Everett, Piulo
C. Fuller, Grennell, Hiland Hall, Hard, Harper, Hazeltine,
Henderson, Heister, Hoar, Wdliam Jackson. Janes, Ben-
jamin Jones, Laporto, Lawrence, Lay, Lincoln, Love,
Sampson Mason, McCarty, McKennan, Morris, Parker,
Dutee J Pearce, Phillips, Potts, Reed, Russell, Shinn,
Slade, John Thomson, Underwood, Vinton, Ehsha Whit-
tlesey, and Lewis Williams—50.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CONNOR said, as the House had been
delivered of twins, he thought after the operation
they might adjourn, and he made that motion,
but subsequently withdrew it at the request of
Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Mississippi, who made
an ineffectual attempt to offer a resolution; and
Mr. LOVE renewing the motion to adjourn,
The House adjourned at a quarter past six,
p. m.            ________________________
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 14, 1836.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which had been
referred the bill from the House to establish cer-
tain post routes, and to discontinue others.re-
ported the same with several amendments; which
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported without amendment the bill from
the House to repeal so much of the acts of March
G, 1799, as respects the issuing of certificates on
exported wines, with the opinion of the commit-
tee that the bill ou^ht not to pass.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions,'reported a bill to increase the pension
of Lamed Swallow; which was read,and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of Ephraim
Page; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of Richard K. Meade;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
HOUSE BILLS  REFERRED.
A number of bills which passed the House of
Representatives on the 12th instant, (noticed in
the House proceedings of that day,) were sever-
ally rend twice, and referred to the appropriate
committees.
COMPENSATION TO MICHIGAN REPRESENTA-
TIVES.
Mr. BUCHANAN submitted a resolution di-
recting the Committee on Finance to inquire into
the expediency of providing for the compensation
of the Senators and Representatives elected by
Michigan.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to bring in a bill to grant to
the State of Missouri five hundred thousand acres
offend foi the purpose of internal improvements.
REORGANIZATION OF POST OFFICE DEPART-
MENT.
r On. motion of Mr. GRUNDY, the bill from
the House to change the organization of the Post
Office Department wan taken up; and sundry
verbal amendments reported by the Post Office
Committee having been agreed to,
Mr. G. called the attention of the Senate to th 
amendments proposed to the forty-third and forty-
fourth sections of the bill relative to the boxes
put up in the post offices, and rented to merchants
and others, for the reception pf their letters. From
the commencement of the Government to the
present time, Mr. G. said ithad been the practice
to put up these boxes in the post offices of the large
cities, and to rent them to merchants and others,
who found a great convenience in having their
letters kept for them in this convenient way. The
sums received for the rent of these boxes went to
the private emolument of the postmasters; but
the bill of the House proposed to take this away
altogether, and put it in the Treasury, while the
amendment of the committee proposed to fix the
rent of each box at one dollar, and allow one half
to the postmasters; providing that when this rent
exceeded one thousand five hundred dollars the
excess should go into the Treasury. Mr. G. said
that this practice had been found to be so univers-
ally tonvc nicnt, that not a single individual whs
paid this rent was ever known to complain of it.
Mr. G. stated the number of boxes put up in the
post offices of Boston, New York, and Philadel-
phia, and stated the emoluments derived from
them by the postmasters. He did not know what
was the number of boxes put up by the post-
master of New Orleans, or the rent he charged for
them, and would be glad to be informed on that
point by the Senators from Louisiana. Certain
it was that the postmaster at New Orleans could
not live on his salary of two thousand dollars,
and this addition to his income wu therefore
necessary. Mr. G. said that, as no inconvenience
had resulted from the present practice—on the
contrary, that it was productive of great benefits,
¡t would be better to leave the matter as it now
stood, and direct the Postmaster General to report
to Congress on the subject at the next session.
In the mean time, as he differed with a majority
of the committee, he would move to strike out
everything relating to the subject in the bill.
Mr PORTER said that in New Orleans the
price Of a box was five dollars a year, which was
cheerfully paid, considering their grist conreni-
