¿É®
'fflKM^I^flKS^K rMí «LGBIL
June 14,
ence to'those Wo rented them. He die Wotknow
the namber c*thé-b<r s in the New Orleans pdSl
office—probably four or five hundred; but he was
confident that, if the price were reduced to a dol-
lar, every man in the city who received a dozen
letters a year would take one.
Mr. N1LES spoke of the great convenience of
these boxes in the large cities to those who Were
in the habit of receivingn great many letters. The
price paid was entirely voluntary, and there was
ho ground "of objection in regard to the-general
operation of this practice. He thought, too, that
the taking away of this- source of emolument to
the postmasters would create less care in the gen-
eral management of their business. Some good
he supposed would be produced by the modifica-
tion, but he thought that much injury would ensue
from breaking up the practice altogether.
Mr, BUCHANAN observed that there were
always difficulties attending the regulation of a
subject of tins kind, because what might be con-
venient iu one part of the Union might be very
inconvenient in another. He had at one time
thought that the best way would be to fix certain
salaries for the postmasters; but when lie came
"to reflect, he feared that there would be a contin-
ual pressure on them to raise the salaries of all
the ~$2,OU0 postmasters to a 1/igher sum. With
regard to these boxes they were legislating with-
out having heard a. complaint from a single indi-
vidual. In the «ity of Philadelphia he knew that
Congress could not do a more unpopular act than
to reduce the rent of these boxes to one dollar,
because it would occasion the post office to be
covered with them, and produce inconvenience
and expense, instead of reducing expenses. The
postmaster of Philadelphia relinquished a lucra-
tive profession when he took this office, and he
-Kali, never received from it as touch as $3,501) per
annum. What would be the effect of this amend-
ment as respected him ? It would reduce his sal-
ary to $2,000, on which he could not possibly
live.
., Mr. B.j after stating the importance of the du-
ties of this office, the number of persons whose
labois he, has to superintend, and the large sum
annually disbursed by him, remarked that he was
(lie insurer of the greater part of the postage
received at his office, because, by giving credit to
.those who rent the boxes, he has, in making his
'returns'to^the, General Post Office, to pay cashfor
^the amounts due,by them.
„ ' Mr. B. said he had'been informed that, if the
ttuvaber of these boxes Was increased, it would
' occasion a great deal of additional labor, and that
,the njlyiber of clerks must be increased also. The
onlv evil complained of was as to the city of New
York, where the emoluments of the postmaster
"were deemed too high in consequence of the num-
Jber of boxes in his office; but it appeared to him
that it would be highly inexpedient to derange
the whole system to correct an evil in one or two
post offices.  The best way Would be to let every-
thirvg remain' as it was until the Postmaster Gen-
eral reported to them at the next session of Con-
gress.  'He would, however, offer an amendment
which accorded with his views, and he thought
"wQuTd be acceptable to the Senate.
Mr. B. then submitted an amendment provid-
ing that " eachpostmaster shall make quarterly
.returns to the General Post Office of the amount
.received for rents of boxes in his office, and that
wlien the sum amounts to more than two thou-
sand dolíais, he shall account for the same to the
^General Post Office."
* By this amendment (Mr. B said) no postmas-
ter would receive rfiore than $4,000 per annum;
Jand in New York, Philadelphia, and IVew Or-
"leaiis'the sum would not be too much.
Mr. PORTER'satd that he had had occasion to
'riyfyirli'before, that nothing'could be more un-
equal' íyi/l Mrnist than to attcttipt to regulate the
salaries in
sia"
irferettt parts of the Union by One
standard. 'Thirty-five hundred dollars might be
a very good salary in some places; but in New
.Orleans it was a Very Small sum where house-
'Wht'plQiu would take up $1,200 of it. With
' fí'ga'íli'to these boxes, the number of them Would
figafttlo
Mem.
in Ne\v'
^rU'e'liui
iiicleásed íf the rent Was,reduced; and
é:W'.yri£arís .instead of there' being' fdur or
rrcir' ttumfjer woulil
pWuh!nyT>e*-yr m'awythousii
thousimdr, arid' the gfrtat
bfMectof having then the speedy arid convenient
delivery of letters'wovld be destroyed. He thought
with the Senator from Pennsylvania, that it would
be best to leave this matter where it was—between
the individuals and the postmasters, and then fix
the maximum of salary at these places where it
was supposed to be too large. The amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania contemplated
that object; but with regard to the salary of the
postmaster of New Orleans, it would be too small.
He should think that $5,000 would not be too
much for the salary of this officer.
Mr. WRIGHT said that he had been assured
that the pos'master of New York, residing where
he was compelled to reside, could not get house
rent for less than $J,500 per annum. Now, it
was ou-t-of the question to suppose that any com-
petent person would take so arduous an office for
a salary of $2,000, when he was compelled to pay
three' fourths df it for house rent. Mr. W., after
speaking of the arduous and responsible duties of
the New York postmaster, and the high expenses
of living in that city, contended that there would
be great injustice in reducing his income so con-
siderably by the adoption of the amenlimcnt of
the committee. There was another way in which
it would be productive of injury. Inmost of the
small towns there was a limitednumber of boxes
put up in the post offices, some of which were
rented at a low price, and some let out without
rent. Now, he thought that they should make no
provision which might have the effect to break
up these boxes, and to compel individuals to dis-
pense with the convenience they had derived
from them. Mr. W. said he approved of the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
but would vote for $5,000 instead of $4>000 as the
maximum of a postmaster's salary.
Mr. DAVIS explained the views entertained
by the Post Office Committee on this subject. In
looking at the compensations of the postmasters,
the committee had also considered the compen-
sations of other officers of the United States in
the same places. The judges of the United States
courts, who labored assiduously the whole year,
were, one half of them, at salaries of from $1,000
to £1,500. In the great States of New York and
Pennsylvania, where the duties of the chief
judges were highly important, and exceedingly
arduous, they gave to the one $2,000, and to the
other $2,500, and these, too, had to live in cities ar
well asthepostmastcTs. In the city of New York,
the place of naval officer was held by a very dis-
tinguished gentleman of great merit, well known
to them, and his salary was only $3,000. And
by comparing the salaries paid to the officers of
the Government throughout the Union, it would
be fou d that the postmasters were as well paid,
if not better, than the average of them. The
Sehator from New York said that they could not
get a gentleman to serve in New York for less
than $2,000. Now, it was well known that not a
single one of these offices became vacant without
its being eagerly sought after by numbers of the
most talented and respectable individuals, backed
with the most powerful recommendations. Even
in New Orleans, notwithstanding what had been
said by the Senator from Louisiana, they did not
find that these offices were difficult to fill with
competent persons. In fact, the salaries of the
officers of the Government were exceedingly
high—higher by far than the compensation of
members of Congress, and far beyond the sala-
ries paid by the State governments. Indeed, by
giving such high salaries, they offered a sort of
bonus to bribe men from the State service to that
of the General Government—-a principle which
he looked upon as highly vicious. He admitted
that the maximum salary of $2,000 for a post-
master might be too small, and he was willing to
go beyond it; and, therefore, he thought that the
amendment of the committee, which would leave
the maximum to go as high as $3,500 would be
amply sufficient. He was willing to give the post-
masters a just and reasonable compensation—to
fix a limit, and stop there; and then, if people
were willing to pay more for these boxes, why let
it go to the Treasury. As to the increased num-
ber of boxes that had been apprehended, it was
but an experiment, and they were not certain that
such would be the result; and if it should prove
to be inconvenient, thre time between this and the
next session was but short, and they could then
remedy it. He thought, also, that the privilege
should be extended as far as possible, for it was
their duty to afford the conveniences of the post
office to all, and not to confine it to a few indi-
viduals. He was glad that the attention of the
Senate had been turned to the subject: he did not
think that the question would be decided to-day,
and he hoped gentlemen would give their consid-
eration to'the amendments of the committee, so
as to come to a decision when the subject was
brought before them again.
Mr. CALHOUN here moved, as the hour of
one had arrived, to lay the bill on the table, and
proceed to the special order; which was agreed
to; and
The Senate took up the bill to regulate the de-
posits of the public moneys.
THE PUBUC DEPOSITS.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to amend the bitl in the
thirteenth section, by providing that the out-
standing appropriations shall be deducted prior
to making the distribution of the surplus to the
States.
Mr. CALHOUN opposed this amendment as
unnecessary, and as contrary to the objects of the
bill. Considering the very heavy and unusual
appropriations of this year, he estimated the
amount of the outstanding balances at eight or
nine millions, and he submitted to Senators
whether it was wise and consistent with the
objects of the bill to leave so large a sum where
it now was. Was it for the convenience of the
deposit banks ? He could not suppose that gen-
tlemen had that object in view. He thought
that the appropriations of this year were so large
that the balances to be carried over would be
sufficierit for the whole of the appropriations for
the nextyear.
Mr. WRIGHT said, that he had himself antici-
pated, with the Senatorfrom South Carolina, that
the balances of the outstanding appropriations
for this year would be unusually heavy, and his
object was, that the Treasury might be able to
meet the appropriations that they now made, and
the appropriations for the next year. He would
assuredly-vote fbr no appropriation of the surplu 
that would leave the Treasury destitute of tbi
means of meeting the appropriations they had
made. Though only one fourth of the contem-
plated distribution1 was to be paid on the 1st of
January, yet the amount was fixed and certain.
and the other three payments would be made in
April, July, and October. The sum to be disposed
of was settled on the 1st of January; and it was
no matter how much of it remained in bank after
that day, because the fiscal officer could not touch
it. If they intended that the appropriations
should be used, could they pass this bill without
the amendment he proposed? What was the
object they had in view ? If he understood the
measure before them, it was to adopt some method
for relieving the Treasury from its surplus, and
for disposing of the amount of money not needed
for the purposes of the Government. He under-
stood this to be the sole and exclusive object of
the bill. This being the case, were they ready
to say that they had appropriated money which
they did not design should be expended? He did
not suppose that gentlemen meant this. He
therefore desired to arrange this bill so that, while
they were acting as if the Treasury was in
danger from a surplus, they were not to bring it
to want. How could he better do this than by
the amendment he proposed ? In confirmation
of his own views on this subject, he called the
attention of the Senate to the fact, that this amend-
ment was in accordance with the uniform practice
of the Government. Such was the practice of
the sinking fund act of 1817, declaring that the
sum of two millions should be retained in the
Treasury before, applying the balance to the re-
duction of the public debt. That was a salutary
practice, preventing the Treasury from being
reduced to want, and should be rigidly adhered
to on thrs, as well as on all other occasions. It
was not his purpose (Mr. W. said) to amend this
bill further than to make it what it was intended
to tx .
Mr. WEBSTER observed that this amendment
Vas Very mateffáí.   It went to diminish the shot
