18Bíi.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
¿68
which should be distributed, and, «o far, to defeat |!
the object oi'tne bid. The amount of unexpended
appropriations might be twelve or fourteen mil-
It ' *. We nil know (said Mr. W.) that a bal-
ance remains every year, and is provided for by
tlte income of the following year; and this always
happened, because the Cioveniment never ex-
pended  itlun the year all the moneys appropri-
ated. The only question was, whether, aa the
b.'tl then siood, it endangered the means of the
Treasury tbi the demands of the next year ? This
was the question, tie thought there waa no
danger. Although he could not say what might
be the income ot the next year, still he did not
see any probability of so great a falling off as
would bring down the income of the next year set
low as had "been supposed. Of the unappropri-
ated balances of this year, not more than nine or
ten millions could probably be called for next
year; and he thought that not more than ten or
twelve millions of the appropriations of the next
year could be called for within that year. In this
view, the actual wants of next year would amount
to twenty-two millions or thereabouts; and he
thought there was no doubt of there being suffi-
cient means in the Treasury to meet this amount.
It was to be remarked, that of the $8,000,000
which would be coming from the stocks in the late
Bank of the United Sutes, it was not known that
all would be received within this year. He hoped
much of it would; but it was not certain that all
of it would; and, if not, the residue remained to
swell the general amount in the Treasury next
year. He saw no plausible estimates either of
the probable income or the probable expenditure
of next year, which rendered it necessary for
them to adopt the amendment.
Mr. WALKER said that, if the amendment of
the Senator from New York did not prevail, it
appeared to him that the Senate would be making
a triple appropriation.    First, an appropriation
under the bill to distribute the proceeds of the
«ales of the public lands; secondly, the appro-
priation under this bill, by way of loans to the
Stales, without interest, of the surplus in the
Treasury; and lastly, for the purpose of dwelling
out that surplus, an appropriation under the same
bill of lite unexpended balances. He was opposed :
to these triple appropriations of the same money.
He was opposed to the progression of these three
•experiments at the same time; and he thought
that u would be better to ascertain the result of
the first experiment  before they tried another.
Gentlemen defended this bill on the ground of a
new juncture in our affairs having an immense
surplus that it was absolutely necessary to dis-
pose of.  Now he should think that, if there was
this immense surplus in the Treasury of thirty
millions, as it was said, it was sufficiently large
-to distribute to the States without breaking in
upon the appropriations for the necessary pur*
-pone* of the Government.    The refusal to adopt
this amendment would, in hnt opinión, sweep
a* ay with it every apology for the passage of
this bilk; for the mil had been mainly advocated
on the ground that there was an immense surplus
ilmt it was absolutely necessary for them to dis-
pose of.    Mr. W. continued his remarks to some
considerable length in support of the amendment.
Mr. EWING-, of Ohio, supported the amend-
ment in an argument of great length, taking a
•view of what would probably be the amount of
the urn xpended balances at the end of the year,
-with an estimate of the probable amount of the
■t*r<,ipts and cxnendrttiros for the three or four
coming years.     The ancient practice (he said)
had never been to consider lite unexpended bal-
ance  in tins Treasury as pledged money,, but, in
twying off die national debt, the Secretary of the
■Trvastrry always brought the balance down to
f2,0S0,<W0, which was as large j sum as he_ever
-permitted  to remain in the  Treasury without
invitig any reference at all to unexpended bal-
-anees.  To talk of oppropnating the same money
twice, was a tiling that he did not expect to hear
irom the Senator from New York, though he was
not sarpnsed at hearing it from other quarters
They «aver appropriated any particular money
in die- Treasury, i t was sufficient that tine money
was in tie Treasury at the moment that *h* draft
called for it; and, m appropriating money, they
always appropriated what would be in the Treas-
ury whe  the draft should be made. He did not
concur With the Senator from Massachusetts in
the belief that there would be but little value in
thebill if the amendment prevailed; for he thought
that there would still be a considerable surplus if
the receipts from the customs and the land sales
did not disappoint his expectations.                         i
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that, so far «she
was concerned, he should continue this debate in
the same temper in which it had commenced; and
should not stop to inquire whether there had been
any true or false prophets there. No subject had
ever presented itself-to his mind more involved
in difficulty than this proposition. How far he
should vote for it would be known when they
came to take the question. The amendment,
however, of the Senator from Massachusetts had
obviated many of his objections. It was now a
single division, and they would not be continu-
ing the system until the year 1843, as was at first
proposed. He did hold that the idea of distribut-
ing the surplus revenue from the Treasury, de-
rived from taxes, must, if persisted in, lead to
the destruction of this Government, because the
time might come when members of Congress,
opposed to the Government, might argue that by
so much as they embarassed it so much would
they benefit the States they represented. This
would place the country is a most embarrassing
situation.
Now, as to the amendment of the Senator from
New York. Whatever sum was to be" distributed
under this bill, he looked upon the amendment
as a wise proviso. It was in conformity with the
act of 1817, introduced by as pure and upright a
man as ever existed in this country, and who was
acknowledged by all,even his political opponents,
to have no other object in view than his country's
good. Mr. B. then described the sinking fund
act of 1817, and compared it with the amendment.
Was not this (he said) a wise and just provision?
Could human foresight pretend to penetrate the
future; and was it not wise and just for them to
avoid the being left to the mercy of contingencies ?
He confessed that, when this amendment was first
proposed by the Senator from New York, it
struck bim that no reasonable objection could be
made to it. Let the distribution be what it might,
they must, to be consistent, except from it what
had already been appropriated for the wants of
the Government. He confessed that he looked
at the opposition to this amendment with eou)«
degree of alarm. We have appropriated (said he)
so much money, and that we ought ib policy to
retain, to prevent embarrassment to the Treasury,
The Senator from Massachusetts estimated that,
on the 1st day of January ensuing, there would
be a balance in the Treasury of fourteen millions
of outstanding appropriations, and the Senator
from Ohio estimated them at from seventeen to
eighteen millions. We deprive ourselves, then, of
all this money which is to be in the Treasury on
the 1st of January; and what was to be in the
Treasury next year? Why, eighteen millions.
Now, was thc-e any Senator there who would «ay
that it was sad' for them to rely on the income of
the nextyearfor the payment of this unexpended
balance of appropriations, and also for the pay-
ment of the current expenses of the year ? Was
thii action with suitable caution? As to the
income from the public lands, nothing could be
more unsafe than to rely on them. From«au«e$
which Mr. B. assigned, there was (he said) every
probability that there would be a considerable
falling off in the sales, and, indeed, that a great
reflux would take place; and whether this reflux
would take place this year or the next was impos-
sible for them to decide. But let that reflux take
place, and what was theircondilion ? They would
be in debt seventeen or eighteen iftilHon  of dol-
lars, and have to provide for the expenses of the
Government, contingent or certain. That would
be their situation. Now let the stem to b  dis-
tributed under this bill be much or little,for one,
he thought, they aught to follow out the salutary
polity of the Congress of .1817, and he should
therefore  vote for the amendment.
1 Mr. EWING  of Ohio, rose tocorrect the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. He did not say that
the unappropriated balance would be seventeen
or eighteen millions, but toa* he would take the
largest sum stated.
The debate was further continued by Mr.
CALHOUN, Mr. MORRIS, Mr. WEBSTER,
and Mr. WRIGHT; after which,
Mr. TALLMADGE offered an amendment,
the effect of which is that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall be authorized to sell the certifi-
cates to be given by the States, in the event of
there not being money in the Treasury to meet
the appropriations made by Congress. This
amendment being agreed to,
Mr. CALHOUN then moved to fill the blank
in the third section for the sum to be retained in
the Treasury with five millions.
Mr. WEBSTER proposed three millions;
which, he said, was sufficiently large, after the
amendment of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
TjlLLMXBGB,]
The question was first taken on five millions,
being the first in order as the largest sum, and
carried—ayes 22, noes 18.
Mr. WRIGHT then moved to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Finance, with instruc-
tions to bring in two separate bills, one to regu-
late the deposits of the public moneys in the
banks, and the other for the distributes, of the
surplus to the States.
This motion was decided in the affirmative-
yeas 23, nays 20:
YEAS—Morns. Benton, Bladk, Brown, Buchanan;
Cuthbert, Ewing of Illinois, Grundy, Hubbard, King of
Alabama, King of Georgia, Linn, Nicholas, Ntles, Page,
Hives, Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tipton,
Walker, White, and Wright—2 .
NAYS—Messrs. Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, Davis, Sw-
ing of Olun, Goldsborough, Hendricks, Kent, Knight, Mc-
Kean. Manguui, Moore, Naudain, Porter, Prentiss, Preston,
Robbing, Swift, Tomlmson, and Webster—-20.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Frasklin, their Clerk,
stating that the Honse had passed the joint reso-
lution of the Senate for the adjournment of the
present session of Congress, with an amend-
ment, in which they asked the concurrence of the
Senate.
{The amendment assigns the 4th day of July
next for the day of adjournment.]
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the message
was laid on the table.
Mr. WHITE, who voted with the majority,
moved to reconsider the vote taken on commit-
ting the deposit bill to the Committee on Finance;
but before taking this mies toon,
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, Che Senator ad-
journed.________________________
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 14, 1836.
Mr. HAYNES moved that the House take up
and consider the joint resolution from the Senate
fixing the day of adjournment of the present ses-
sion of Congress.
[     Mr. HAWES objected.
i Mr. HAYNES moved a suspension of the
rules for the purpose.
i Mr. CHAPÍN asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and wese—yeas 126, nays
47; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Hemsn Allen, Ashley, Bailey, Bart  ,
Beale, Bean, Bockee. Boon, Bouldm, Bovee, Briggs, Brown,
Buchanan, Burns, William B. Caltioun, Campbell, CaTr,
Casev, Chaney, Chapín, Nathaniel H. Claiborne. Cleve-
land," Corwin, Craig, Cramer, Cashing, «woman, Darling-
ton, Deberry, Dickenson, D*ksoD, Doubleday, Dromgoole,
Effner, Evans, Fairfield, Fariro, Fowler, Frenen, Fry,
Pililo C. Fuller,  William   K. Fuller,   Galbraith, Gdlet,
1 Granger, GrenneM, Haley, Hifiuld Hat¿ Henier, IfcrIM,
Harper, Samuel 8. Harrises, Hwje., H**?1^} "^"J'
.Hoar, Hopkins, Howard, Howell, Bu^jH™^^??"'
William iacUn, Jabez Jackson, Janes, focharS M. John-
son, Cave Jonnson, Henry Johnson, Judson f"|?™i^'
Lansinr. Laporte, I,awrence, Joshua Lee, Linceln, Logan,
L^'Atajah Mi , Job Maan, Martín, JoJ-B *. ««■.
Monea Mason. Sampson Mason, Maury, May,McLo|nas,
McKay, l^eSoTnVMcKim, Miller, ¡taffigan, rijnjaa,
Morri£'Muhlenberg, Owens, Pnrkerj ^  k***3'
nZnkA  PtercB, Phelps,  "5* ■*¿*?^^ntri'
Srhenck. WtlhMl B. Shepard, A*fii*ine H. Bheppera,
Ihmn sickles"^tade. Sm*h, Spacer, Speight, Waddy
Ihomnson TouceyT turner,'TurriIl, Vanderpoel, Ward,
K   Wash&on    Webster    White, Thomas T.
reoweChanXrsYJoho Chambers, Cbapinan^qtulds, John
V^CTaSe^ark, Crane, Denny, EVcrett, Jajnes Gar-
Ll RiceGariand, Hardin,' Haw , ?■ ?• "> ££ '
John W. JmiBs, Kinaard, Gideon LM, Luke Lea Lewis,
d,%yall, Wo , MoCarty, McLene, Mercer, Parks,
