564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juné 14;
PMC. Renckw, Joh  ReynoM* JowphReynoles Ripley,
Sevmour. Hlueld-s inunde* r. Store r. PutherUnd.Taliafr rro,
lofm TI>.>m-on. Viutnii, L'iiiha H'iiiltloser, and hewn
Willuiai—<"•
So the rules were suspended; and
On motion of Mr. HAYNES, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the said resolution.
The resolution was then read. It fixed the
dav of adjournment on the 23d day of May.
Mr. IIAYXES moved to strike out that day,
and insert the 27th of June.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to amend
the motion by substituting the 4th of July. He
said he did it in accordance with an under-
standing lie had had with a number of gentlemen
on that floor on a former occasion, in which
those gentlemen had expressed a solicitation that
the 4th of July, or ns near that day as possi-
ble, should be fixed, with reference to the great
interests of the western part of the Union. Ho
knew those interests to be extremely important,
and necessary to be acted upon during the pres-
ent session of Congress. He hoped, therefore,
the House would agree to fix on that day without
debate or division.
Mr. HARDIX adverted to the time that had
been occupied on the New York fire bill, and the
appropriation bills, one of the most important of
which was still pending. There were, also, other
important measures yet to be acted upon, the
subject of the surplus revenue, Texas, &c., and
he could not, therefore, vote for any day nearer
than the 11th of July? but th« condition of the
public business was such, that it was impossible
at present to fix any day. He hoped the subject
would be postponed till Monday next, when they
might be better able to act upon it.
Mr. PARKS was opposed to adjourning on
the 4th of July. He was aware .that a great deal
of the session had been taken up by debate, per-
haps useless debate, without doing the business
of the people. There had been a few of the
appropriation bills passed, and the bills to admit
two States into the Union, and that was pretty
much all that had been done. The House had,
by a largo majority, determined to fix a day of
adjournment; but it would become necessary for
the House to reflect and consider what business
is yet remaining undone. There were ateo other
States which had business which needed action,
besides the western States. There were yet to
be acted on two fortification bills; the bill to
organize the Treasury Department; the custom-
house bill; a judiciary bill; a bill to reorganize
the Patent Office; a bill to reorganize the Land
Office; a bill to regulate the public deposits; an
Army bill: a bill for the regulation of the Mint;
a bill in relation to the Cumberland road; a bill
to graduate the price of the public lands, and
various other bills. All this business could not
tie done in eleven days. Much would have to
be left undone; and whose business was to be
left undone ? He would not vote to fix the day
of adjournment on the 4th of July, because it
would be impossible to get through much of the
important business of the House by that time.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
to refer the joint resolution to a select committee,
with instructions to inquire into the expediency
of proposing a day for the adjournment of the
present session.
Mr. W. went on to contend that nothing was
ever gained by fixing the day of adjournment,
and he did not believe that the business before
the House could be got through with in the time
proposed. His object in making the motion he
had was, that the committee should take up the
subject, and examine into the state of the busi-
ness before the House, with reference to its dis-
position and the time to adjourn.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, hoped the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina would
be adopted, and especially that they would not
waste time in discussing the subject.
Mr. SUTHERLAND adverted to the large
mass of business before the House, bills indis-
pensably necessary to be passed. The harbor
bill, the light-house bill, the custom-house bill,
arid many others. The most important busi-
ness of the country had been left undone, and
he should vote for the most distant day.
Mr. HEISTER was opposed to the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina, fo 
he thought the House could dispose of and ar-
range its order of business as well as a select
committee. He should go for the earliest day;
and when a day was once fixed business would
be expedited, and he should vote for the earliest
day.
Mr. LEWIS thought the subject had better be
postponed, and he hoped the House would pass
to the orders of the day.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, was in favor
of the proposition of the gentleman from North
Carolina. It was the old practice of Congress to
raise a committee to inquire into and recommend
what business should be immediately transacted,
and tnat practice foil into disuse only at the
Twenty-First or Twenty-Second Congress. He
could not seo how any western gentleman could
rote for an early day of adjournment. He re-
ferred to the fact, that the city of New York
alone had more time devoted to its own individ-
ual business than the whole country west of the
Alleghany mountains, whether the business be
of a public or private character.
Mr. HAYNES said he would harmonize the
two propositions as to fixing the day, and accept
the motion of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Mans] as a modification of his own.
The question accordingly recurred on fixing on
the 4th of July.
Mr. CAMBRELENG expressed his surprise
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Whittlesey]
should advocate the proposition for a select com-
mittee on this subject, since it-was well known
that, when it was the practice to raise such a com-
mittee, their report was invariably set aside in the
House.    He should vote against it.
Mr. C. said he had uniformly voted against
fixing any day of adjournment, and he had been
governed'in that vote by one consideration alone.
It was this—that he would not vote for any day
fixing the day of adjournment until the bill regu-
lating the deposits of the public money was either
passed, or failed. Two years ago the House
sent this bill to the Senate, which body never
returned it. One year ago, the bill was defeated
in the House by an amendment moved by an
Opposition member, which would have rendered
it totally inoperative. Mr. C. also expressed his
surprise at what fell from the gentleman from
Ohio in reference to the bill for the relief of the
city of New York. That bill related to nothing
more than the collection of the public revenue,
in which every portion of this Union was justas
much interested as the city of New York. But
he should like to know whose fault it was that
that bill had occupied two months? Certainly
not the fault of the delegation from New York, or
of the majority of the House.
A large majority were evidently, from the vote
given that morning, determined to fix some day
for adjournment; and, if they did, he hoped they
would fix the longest day. He did believe, how-
ever, that, when the day was once fixed, they
would transact more business in ten days than in
two months without it.
Mr. SPEIGHT should vote against the propo-
sition of his colleague, because it was asking a
select committee to do that which every member
of the House could do for himself, by referring
to the Calendar, viz: ascertain the state of their
business. He was disposed to vote for a day
certain.
Mr. BRIGGS inquired which motion then pend-
ing had precedence ?
The CHAIR replied, the motion of the gentle-
tleman from North Carolina to commit with in-
structions.
¡     Mr. BRIGGS was in favor of fixing the day
; on the 4th of July.
Mr. BOON rose and said that all who knew him
as a - member of the House of Representatives,
! knew full well that he had at. n  time evinced a
! disposition to delay action on the business of the
Hcase, or to produce a long session.   He had sat
i in his seat six and a half months during the sit-
tings of Congress, and had given his vote upon
many questions in which his constituents were
not particularly and immediately interested; in the
meantime, he had been assured by many highly
respectable gentlemen from the old States, that
something should be done for the people of the
new States mtho West before the adjournment of
Congress, and he hoped that those gentlemen
would make good their promise. Mr. B. said that
he would only udvert to three bills in which the
people of the State which he had the honor, in
rart, to represent, felt a deep and abiding interest,
allude (said Mr. D.) to the Cumberland road
bill, the bill to graduate and reduce the price of
the public lands, and the bill to reorganize the
General Land Office.
Sir, I consider the bill Inst named one of the
most important that has been presented to the
consideration of Congress. The passage of this
bill is not only of vast importance to the people
of the new Stages, but, sir, it is of vast import-
ance to all those of the old Stales of the Union
who have purchased any portion of the public
lands. Mr. B. said that he would vote for the
4th day of July as the day to be fixed for the ad-
journmentof Congress. He would (he. said) vote
to adjourn on to-morrow, if those bills which he
had named were.acted upon, and such other bills
as might be indispensably necessary for the com-
mon defense of the country.
Having said thus much, Mr. Speaker, I will
now (said Mr. B.) reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Biucgs,] who has just re-
sumed his seat. That gentleman has said that
those of this House who are opposed to this Ad-
ministration are in a " snug minority of some
forty-five," and rather tauntingly asks how it is
that the minority in this House can defeat the
wishes and the will of the majority?
The gentleman from Massachusetts tells this
House and the country, that the friends of the
Administration in this House are in an over-
whelming majority; and again asks the question
how it is that the minority in the House are liable
to the charge of defeating the will of a majority ?
Mr. B. said, 1 will tell the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts and the country at large, how it is that
the party in politics opposed to this Administra-
tion have managed to embarrass the proceedings
and business in this House, and to defeat the will
of the majority. Sir, it is in Committee of tht
Whole Home, where the " previous question " can-
not be applied, that the minority can detain the
majority as long as a proposition to amend shall
be undecided, and where debate is unlimited.
Such has been the course of the party opposed
to this Administration throughout this very pro 
traded session, amendments have been proposed
and debated at great length by the minority in
this House, which they well knew would be voted
down by the majority so soon as the subject
could be brought into the House, where the " pre-
vious question " could be applied.
Sir, I recollect that one amendment proposed by
an Opposition man to one of the appropriation
bills some time since, was discussed in Commit-
tee of the Whole for weeks together. Sir, (said
Mr. B.,) there is another mode by which the mi-
nority in this House have wasted its time, and
caused delay in the business of the House; that
is, by frequent calls for the yeas and nays on im-
material questions, such as a motion to adjourn ;
for a call of the House; for the previous question,
and on 7>otn(* of order. Each taking of the yeas
and nays consumes about one half hour of the
time of the House. Search the Journals of the
House, and I venture to assert, that it will be
found that nine times out of ten, those delays
have been produced by motions and calls by the
party apposed to this Administration. It is in this
way, ana by long speeches, that the time of the
House has been taken up, and the business of the
country neglected. Sir, if the majority in politics
in this House will go with me for the " previous
question" every two hours in the day, (as the
people themselves would could they be here and
witness our proceedings,) the business of the
House would be proceeded in, and some bene-
ficial results might yet grow out of our labors.
Mr. DUNLAP regretted to see such an earn-
estness on the part of many gentlemen to fix a
day of adjournment, for he did not concur in the
reasons assigned in its favor. He hoped no day
of adjournment would be fixed, but that they
woula first act upon all the public and private
business before them, and then adjourn.
Mr. MANN, of New York, replied at. some
length to the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio
