1886.
fim teON©RESSK!NAK'GLOBE.
655
in reference to the time the New York bit! hall !{
occupied. Neither the delegation from New
York, nor the majority of the House, were re-
sponsible for the very wide ran e the debate had
taken; but the greater part of it came from the
delegation from Kentucky.
Mr. GRENNELL was in favor of letting the
House act as its own committee, «nd settle this
matter at this time, for he did not think that they
could come to a more satisfactory conclusion by
referrinsr this subject to « committee. They had
■ Calendar laid on their table every week; and h«
thought they could determine now «s well as if
the subject were referred to a committee. He w« 
opposed to protracting the session on account of
any action bein  had in relation to Texas; but he
would vote for fixing the 4th day of July «a the
day of adjournment.
Mr. LANE thought the better way of determ-
ining on the day for the adjournment of the House
was by looking at the business which was to be
done. He was for having the deposit bill acted
upon, because he considered the responsibility
which was thrown upon the President was too
freat to be put in the hands of any individual.
le said the nation looked to Congress to act
upon this bill before they adjourned, and it would
take some time to discuss this single bill. Then
the bills chartering the banks of the District were
to be acted on, to prevent bankruptcy and ruin
to the people of the District. If the 4th of July
was fixed as the day of adjournment, the bills
for the western country must go unacted on; and
he was unwilling to fix a day of adjournment, to
cut off" action on those bills.
Mr. HOWARD suggested a modification to the
amendment of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, that the select committee consist of the chair-
men of all the standing committees of the House-,
which Mr. Williams accepted, and his amend-
ment was so modified.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, approved of
the modification, «nd was more in favor of the
resolution now than he wa  before.    He was
«ware that all the bills now before the House could ¡
not be acted upon; and he thought they might j
follow a precedent which had heretofore been set •
by referring the subjects before the House to a I
committee, for the purpose of determining which j
was the most important business.    In relation to
the deposit bill, he thought there ought to be but
one opinion, which should  be, that Congress
should not adjourn" until that bill waa passed.
He thought to refer the matter to prominent mem-
ber  of House was the motion which ought to
prevail.    He was in favor of fixing a  early a day
«a possible-, but he would take into consideration
the business which was to be done.
Mr. PATTON moved to lay the whole subject
on the table for the present, but subsequently
withdrew it.
Mr. HAWES was in favor of the motion to
commit this subject to a committee. He was in
favor of having as much of the public business
transacted as possible before they adjourned. He
alluded to the bill to make appropriations for the
West Point Academy as a measure which would
occasion considerable debate, as Mr. H. himself
intended speaking some hours to show the cor-
ruptions of that institution. Mr. H. concluded
by moving to postpone this resolution until Mon-
day next. -   ____
Aír. EVERETT said he had uniformly voted
against the suspension of the rules to take up this
resolution, and lie would now state the reason
why he had so voted, and why he was now ready
to fix the day for adjournment.    He had voted
a«minst the suspension of the rules, because he
dtd not wish to fix the day of adjournment until
the bill for the distribution of the proceeds of the
public lands should be finally acted on. He fiftre-
' «aw, and he presumed every friend of that meas-
ure mut have foreseen, that if the day was pre- j
viously fixed we had no security that that bul '
would be taken up. The friends of that measure j
had it in their power (it requiring a vote of two ¡
thirds) to say that the day of adjournment should
not be fixed until it was taken up; they knew that
by surrendering the power in their hands they
rained nothing; their opponents would notadjoun
until they were prepared.    By the vote now taken
■tupwdinf t « ™'«> *"c pt"W VM surrendered.
He considered it as evidence that the friends of j
the bill no longer entertained a hope thatit would I
be  taken up, and if that was not to be taken '
up, he should vote for the earliest day of adjourn-
ment.                                                                    '■
Mr. ASHLEY would prefer the 11th of July.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone till Monday next-, which was negatived— ;
•yes 61, noes not counted.
The proposition of Mr.WrLLiAMs was rejected
without a count.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
insert the 4th of July.
Mr. HE1STER moved to insert the 37th of
June; and
Mr. ASHLEY moved to insert the 11th of
July.
These motions were ruled not then to be in
order.
Mr. HEISTER asked for the yeas «nd nays
on the first motion; which were ordered.
Some conversation took place as to the mode ,
in which the question should be propounded, be-
tween the CHAIR, Messrs. GARLAND of
Louisiana, VANDERPOEL, and GRENNELL.
The point was, whether the date in the resolution,
as it came from the Senate, should be considered
in blank? If so, the vote would be taken on the
longest time first-, if not, the questions would be ,
taken in the order in which they were made.
Mr. LEWIS said, aa the bill changing the time
of meeting of Congress mightagain come up, and
be acted on, he would move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the Bubject till Tuesday
next; which was lost.
The question was then taken on inserting the
11th of July, (as an amendment to fixing the
4th,) and decided in the negative—yeas 73, nays
137.
The question recurring on inserting the 4th of
July,
Mr. HEISTER moved to insert the 27th of
June; which was lost.
Mr. ROBERTSON moved to insert the 2d of
July.   He gave, as a reason for the motion, the
fact that the 2d was on a Saturday, and he pre-
sumed that Congress would not transact business
| on the 4th of July, unless there was some imperi-
ous necessity for it.
j    The motion was lost; when the motion to- in-
| sert the 4th of July was agreed to; and the reso-
lution, as amended, was concurred in.
Mr. JUDSON, from the select committee ap-
pointed to take into consideration the subject-
matter of an assault committed within the Hall
of the House of Representatives on Saturday last,
by general consent made a report; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. STORER inquired of the Chair if that was
the proper time to move to take up the bill in re-
lation to the northern boundary of Ohio? but,
after a few words from the Chair, he withdrew
the motion.
MICHIGAN AND ARKANSAS.
The following bill  from the Senate were taken
up, read twice, committed to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and em-
braced in the special order:
The bill supplementary to the act to establish
> the northern boundary line of Ohio, and to pro-
vide for the admission of Michigan into the Union;
and
The bill to provide for the due execution of the
laws of the United States within the State of
Michigan.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to include
the following bill also in the special order:
An act to settle and establish the northern
, boundary line of the State of Ohio.
Objection being made, Mr. MANN withdrew
the mdtion.                                T
Oh motion of Mr. SEVIER, the House went
¡ into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
, Union, (Mr. Pierce, of New Hampshire, in the
i chair,) and proceeded to consider the following
¡bill:
I An act supplementary to the act for the admis-
j «ion of the State of Arkansas into the Union,
j and to provide for the due execution of the laws
I of the United States within the same  and for
' other purposes.
i had been agreed to, merely changing
" Arkansas" and " Little Rock/' to
The bill having been read,    i-,   '   ,
Mr. VINTON moved the following amend-
ment as an additional section to the bill:
Be it further enacted. That the eighth section of an ordi-
nance passed by the convention of delegates at Little Rock,
assembled for the purpose of making a constitution for
the State of Arkansas, which is in the follovvin; words,
viz: '• All that section of country lying west of the west-
ern boundary of the State of Arkansas, which was formerly
a part of the Territory of Arkansas, under the provisions of
an act of Congress, approved the QSth day of May, 1824,
entitled 'An act to fix the western boundary line of the
Territory of Arkansas,' and which was ceded by the United
States to tlte Cherokee and Choctaw Indian , whenever
the Indian tillo shall be extinguished to the same, shall be
attached to, and form a part of, the State of Arkansas; and
when the said Indian title shall be extinguished, the west-
em boundary of the said State shall be in accordance with
the provisions of the said act of Congress," be, and th*
game is hereby rejected.
Mr. VINTON addressed the committee at some
length in support of the amendment: and after
some remarksfrom Messrs.SEVIER, PARKER,
LOVE, PATTON, CUSHING. CAMBRE-
LENG, HOWARD, HUNTSMAN, EVER-
ETT, STANDEPER, and McKAY,
Mr. VINTON withdrew his amendment, and
offered the following:
Strike nut the word " that" in the first section of the bin,
and insert the following: •' In lieu of the proposition sub-
mitted to Congress by the ordinance of the convention of
delegates held at Little Rock, assembled for the purpose of
making a constitution, which is hereby rejected."
Which, after a few remarks from Messrs. TOU-
CEY, CHAMBERS of Pennsylvania, and SE-
VIER, was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, and the committee
took up the bill supplementary to the act to estab-
lish the northern boundary line of Ohio, and to
provide for the admission of Michigan into the
Union.
The bill having been read,
Mr. VINTON moved the same amendment to
this bill he had moved to the Arkansas bill,
and which
the words
" Michigan" and " Detroit.
After some remarks from Messrs. GARLAND
of Louisiana, SEVIER, ROBERTSON, VIN-
TON, LANE, and HUNTSMAN, the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON moved a further amend-
ment, repealing that part of the third, section of
the act to which this bill is supplementary, re-
lating to the member and Senators elected to Con-
gress from Michigan. Mr. R. stated as a rea-
son for the amendment, that it conflicted wi£h the
Constitution of the United States, which gave to
each House the right to judge of the qualifications
of its members.
After a few words from Mr. TOUCEY, the
amendment was lost—ayes 53, noes 77; and the
bill was laid aside.
The committee then took up the bill to pro-
vide for the due execution of the laws of the
United States in the State of Michigan.
Mr. LANE moved to reduce the salary of the
district judge from $2,000 to $1,500, and also that
the same salaries be paid to each of the district
i judges of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri,
! [in those States they are now 41,000;} which,
after a few remark  from Messrs. LANE,
TOUCEY, and WHITTLESEY of Ohio, was
rejected.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, then
moved to reduce the salary of the distriet judge
of Michigan to $1,500-, which was agreed to—
ayes 80, noes not counted.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee then rose and reported tie bills and amend-
ment* to the House.                              .
The Speaker having resumed the chaw,
The House concurred in the amendment of the
Committee of the Whole to the Arkansas bill,
and the same wa* ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading to-morrow.
The second bill,in relation to Michigan, being
"m" "itOBERTSON renewed the amendment
offered by him in Committee of the Whole, and
asked for the yeas and nays thereon; which
were ordered.                                          ,      .
Mr TOUCEY raised the point of order that
the amendment could not be moved, inasmuch as
it wis wholly dissimilar from, and unconnected
with, the subiect of the bill.
