am
THE COWiüEtíSiONAL Q^GBp.
Junji^,
wtoHMion ft Om «a  of Arianw  iffit lb* Union,  4 to   ,
¿roviTf tor the due «edition of the Iws of the Initcd
Sfite  within tin <"    and tor other purpoM -. ."
The Nil to prmide lor thi line execution ol the laws ot
the I uitid ~tue- within the Mate ot Mnlutan
Mr M-\NN,of New York, moved that the
HoJ-e tikt up ami ronbidor the following bill,
whi h hid b.en  laid 01   the tibie s.omc   da>s
\n  ei to «ettle inii establish the north  ru boundary
line 01 the State ol O'n i "
Mr. ADAMS said he thought that would be
doui"" over again what had been already done,
inasmuch as the provision* of this bill wtre em-
braced in the bi 1 for the admission of Michigan
into the Union, and would look as if the House
distru 'ed the validity of that act.
The motion wu agreed to, without a count.
Mr. MANN, referring to what had fallen from
the gentleman from Massachusetts, remarked
that it vaa to satisfy the scruples of gentlemen
from Ohio as to the construction of die former
bu He himself saw no necessity for the passage
ol this bill, believing that Congress had expended
their whole power over this subject on the other
bill In reply to the gentleman s question, what
riason there was for the passage of this bill, Mr.
M. would reply,according to the fashion of their
own country, by asking another question, Why
should tt not be passed > The one question was
as good as the other.
Mr. CRAIG argued that there were objections
to the passage of this bill, and he proceeded to
point taern out.
Mr. BOULDIN said he would vote for the
passage of this bill. He had voted for a degree
of dispatch in passing the bills for recen ing Mich-
igan and Arkansas w Inch was not his habit. He
did it for peace sake. The United States and
Ohio, as well as Michigan and Ohio, seemed,last
summer, to be getting to a point which was lutle
shori of war. He had votea to give Ohio the land
in dispute, and Michigan much more in the place
of it, lor peace sake. He did not think Ohio
entitled to the land, but that the United States had
the right, at leaat, to compromise the dispute, and
give Michigan a quantity amply sufficient to make
up for what was claimed by Ohio. He under-
stood that this bill followed the lines of the bill
lately passed, and why not pass itJ The same
motive that induced him to vote for more than
ordinary dispatch and decision in passing the bill
before alluded to, would induce him to vote for
this bill.
Mr. HUNTSMAN made a few remarks on the
•ame subject.
Mr. MILLER moved the previous question;
which was seconded—ayes 74, noes 47; and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. ADAMS asked for the yeas and nays on
the main question, which were ordered, and
were—yeas 122, nays 42; so the bill was ordered
to a third reading.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. MILLER said he had but a very few
words to say on this subject, and they were in
explanation of his own vote. He had voted to
lay the present bill on the table when it was first
taken up for consideration, because there was a
provision in another bill, (the bill for the admis-
sion of Michigan into the Union,) to settle the
boundary line of Ohio. That bill has now passed,
and establishes this disputed line as effectually as
Congress can establish it. He therefore thought
it was too late to entertain a discussion in relation
to the force of the ordinance of 1787, and the
right of Congress to settle the question. This
body has acted, and has fixed the disputed bound-
ary in the first section of the bill to admit Mich-
igan. He thought this sufficient, and had voted
against ordering the present bill to a third read-
ing, because it only reaffirm  that which we have
already done. A large majority of the House,
however, had thought proper to vote for it, in
order to remove the doubts which some gentle-
men have expressed. To this he did not object;
but for himself, he believed it entirely unneces-
sary, and had therefore voted against it, and
would do so again on its final passage.
After further debate by Messrs. ANTHONY,
UNDERWOOD, BRIGGS, ADAMS, LOVE,
WARD WELL, BOND, and K1NNARD,
Mr. CAMBRELENG appealed to gentlemen
not to continue the discussion.    It was admitted
on all hands that this bill was merely affirming
the provisions of a bill which had passed the other
daj, and he hoped that discussion might not be
protnu-ud on a measme of this kind, when they
liad but fifteen days to ait on the ninny import-
ant bills yet unacted on.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, then moved the
previous question, and the tellers repoituig—
ayes 63, noes 18—no quorum,
Mr. CHAPÍN moved a call of the House;
which was ordered.
After proceeding in the call for some time,
Mr. HEISTER moved that further proceedings
be dispensed with, which was agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded with-
out a count, and the main question, being ordered
and put, was carried without a division.
So the bill was passed.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
In further execution of the special order of the
96th of January, the House, on motion of Mr.
CAMBRELENG,proceeded to the consideration
of the bill making appropriations for certain for-
tifications for the \ ear 1836 The bill was reported
from the Committee of the Whole, with sundry
amendments, and the question was on concurring
in these amendments
The amendment pending was the following:
For fortification , Charleston harbor, South C-irnhni, and
preservation ol the «ite ol Fort Moultrie, $150 000, m
creased by the Committee of the Whole to 9-200 000
Mr HARDIN addressed the House in opposi-
tion to the large appropriations embraced in these
amendments. This bill (he said) involved an
amount of money of not less than $4,000,000.
It could not be passed till the first of July, and
from that time till the next session, it would be
impossible to expend so large a sum upon one
species of works, especially when we took into
consideration the vast expenditures now going on
in the States for their works of internal improve-
ments. He was convinced the labor could not
be found by which so much money could be
expended.
Mr. H# referred to a variety of details on the
subject, and cited some documents in support of
his view , among which were letters from Gen-
erals Gratiot and Wool, to show that the amount
proposed in this bill could not be judiciously ex-
pended, and tliatsuchan increase of fortifications
would require a very great increase of military
force.
Mr. PINCKNEY moved to arriend the amend-
ment by specifying the objects of appropriation,
viz:
One hundred and fifty thoosand dollars shall b  applied
to the construction of a sea wall for the preservation of tlie
(ite of Fort Moultne, and the remainder for the construí.
Uon and repair of Castle Pincknev
After a few words from Messrs. PINCKNEY,
McKAY, and CAMBRELENG,
Mr. PINCKNEY withdrew his amendment.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then, in reply to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Hardin,] went
into a statement to show what were the objects
of the appropriations contained in the bill and the
amendments proposed by the committee. He
said that there was now no surplus of former
appropriations, and the appropriations now pro-
posed would all be needed during the year.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
PARKER, GRAYSON, HALL of Vermont,
CAMBRELENG, LOVE, SUTHERLAND,
BRIGGS, BOON, and DENNY.
1 The amendment pending was still further de-
bated, being supported by Messrs. SUTHER-
LAND ana ADAMS, and opposed by Messrs.
BRIGGS and THOMPSON of South Carolina;
when
Mr. MAURY moved that the House adjourn;
which was agreed to—ayes 75, noes 59.
So the House adjourned a little before eight
o'clock, p. m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, /une 16, 1836.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Secretary of War, with reports from the Com-
missary General and Third Auditor, relative to
the enrollment and emigration of the Cherokee 
residing east of the Mississippi, made in com-
pliance with a resolulion of the Senate of Feb-
ruary 6,1836, and
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER.it was ordered
to be printed.
The CHAIR also communicated a report from
the Solicitor of the Tieasury, in answei to a res-
olution of the S< nate containing a statement of
the accounts of Francis Carot.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported a bill in addition to the net making
appropriations for the suppoi t of the Government
for the year 1836, whioh was rend twice, and
ordered to a third reading
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported the bills from the House for
the relief of Patrick McEwen and Jonathan Dow,
without amendment, iccommending the passage
of said bills: and also reported, without amend-
ment, the bills from the House granting arrear-
ages of pensions to Mooie Millei, for the relief
of William Taylor, for the relit f of Robert Lucus;
and for granting arrears of pension to Josiah
Wesley, recommending that said bills be re-
jected
Mr McKEAN and Mr PRENTISS severally
reported pension bills without amendment.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WRIGHT, on leave, introduced a bill
providing for the payment, in anticipation, of the
indemnities accruing to citizens of the United
States under the French treaty of July, 1832, and
the treaty with the King of the Two Sicilies of
December, 1835; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading Mr. W. gave notice that he
would call for the second reading of said bill to-
morrow.
HUMPHREY MARSHALL.
On motion of Mr. LINN, the report of theCom-
mittee on Pensions, adverse to the petition of
Humphrey Marshall, was taken up; and after a
discussion, in which Messrs LINN, CRITTEN-
DEN, CLAY, and WHITE, took part,
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, it was
laid on the table.
SEMINARY   LANDS OF  FLORIDA-
The bill  to authorize  the  Government and
Legislative Council of the Territory of Florida to
sell and convey the lands set apart for a seminary
[ of learning in said Territory, the same having been
, considered as in Committee of the Whole, was
taken up, and ordered to a third reading.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Franki in, their Clerk,
stating that the House had passed the bills from
the Senate, supplementary to the net to estab-
lish the noithern boundary line of Ohio, and for
the admission of Michigan into the Union; the
lull supplementary to the act for the  admission of
Arkansas into the Union, and to provide for the
execution of the laws of the United States in the
same; and the act to provide for the execution
of the laws of the United States in the State of
Michigan, with amendments, in which they asked
the concurrence of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, the Senate
concurred in the amendments to the two first-men-
tioned bills; when
Mr. B. moved that the Senate disagree to the
amendment to the last. This amendment reduces
the salary of the district judge of Michigan from
$2,000, as established by the Senate, to #1,50Q.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the amend-
ment was laid on the table.
BILL  PASSED.
The bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to act as the agent of the Untied States, in
I all matters relating to the Bank of the United
! States, was read the third time, and passed.
j                       PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
I On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the , Senate
took up the bill to regulate the deposits of the
public   moneys;  the   question   beingj  on Mr.
! Wright's motion to recommit the original will/
