560
THE CONGRESSfONJlL GI.OBE.
Juod'ia
thirWen* anfr<c rt*e*tfc se*ti<  s of thrWtl pro-
viding' for the depnsit of the surplus after" tht 1st
of January wiih the States, and to insert a pro-
vision authorizing; the commissioners of the sink*
ing; fund to invest  t irt stocks of such of the States
aa"ha\e stocks, bcaungan annual interest of-------
per cent.
After some ---marks from Mr. WRIGHT, this
motion was rejected—yeas 4, nays 39; as follows:
YE V3—Messrs Cuthbert. Rive . Tnl)m-dge,Bnd Wright
—4
NWS— Me*s.-B. Beacon, Black, Buchanan, CaHraan,
CI ), Cnueiwle , Davu-, E  uig of llbiun , E  uig of Ubw,
Goldsborough, (Jru'idj, Hendricks, Hubbard, Kent, King
ot Alabama, King of fit-orgia. Knight, Leigh, bum, McKean,
Mangum. Moorv, NaudaiR. Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss,
Preston, Boba* , Uoaywnu, Ruggles, Sliepley, Southard,
Swift. Tipton, Toinun-on, Walker, Wall, W «litter, and
Wnite—; 
Mr. BENTON moved to strike out the words
"deposited with,"in the thirteenth section, and to
insert " loaned to," so as to read that the tsttrpius]
shall be loaned to the respective States, &c.
Mr. B. accompanied this motion with some
remarks in its favor.
Mr. MORRIS apposed the amendment. The
Constitution (he said) prohibited Congress from
loaning money. Now he should be glad to know
from the Senator from Missouri in what provision
of the Constitution he found the authority for
making a loan to the State ,or to anybody else.
He voted for this bill expressly on the ground
that it was o deposit of the public money with
the States for safe-keeping and not a loan, to
which he was constitutionally opposed. The
change that this bill had undergone since it was
first introduced, making it a deposit bill instead
of a loan bill, had enabled him to give his sup-
Dort to it.
Mr. BENTON said it was not for him to settle
the gentleman's constitutional scruples. AH he
wanted was to call things by their right names,
ind this being to all intents and purposes a loan
to the States, he wished to call it so in the bill.
On taking the question, Mr. Benton's motion
was rejected—yeas 5, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Grundy, Nib , Tipton, and
Wright—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Crit-
tenden, Cuthbert, Ewing of Illinois, Ewing of Ohio, Golds-
borough, Hendricks, Hubbard, Kent, Kin  of Alabama,
Knight, Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Morns, Naudain, Nicho-
.as, Page, Porter, I'renuss, Preston, Rives, Robbing, Robw-
ion, Ruggles, Shepley, Southard, Swift, Tallmadge, Tom-
ünson, Walker, Wall, Webster, and White—37.
Mr. WALKER moved to amend the bill by
pro\iding that the portion intended to be depos-
ited with the State of Mississippi shall be de-
posited for three years, without interest, in the
Planters' Bank of Mississippi, and to allow the
Legislature of said State an opportunity of pass-
ing a law to authorize its receipt.
Thi3 motion was rejected—ayes 15, noes 26.
Mr. WALL then moved to amend the bill in
the first section, by inserting, after the words
" conform thereto,    the words—
Alivajs having a regard ag to the amount deposited, as
far, in the opinion of the Secretary of the Trea^urv, as is
consistent with the public intcr*-t,and the fiscal operations
of the Govern menl, and the relative representation of each
State and Territory in both Houses of Congress.
This motion was lost without a division.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended; when
Mr. WEBSTER moved to strike out the
amendment made on the motion of Mr. Walker,
as to the ratio of distribution, and to insert again
the part stricken out; and supported his motion
in an argument of some length; but
On taking the question, Air. Webster's mo-
tion was lost—yeas 22, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Mesprs. Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, Davis, Ew-
ing of Ohio, Gold'borough, Kent, Knight, Leigh, McKean,
Mangum, Morn-*. Naudain, Preatiss, Preston, Robbing,
Ruggles, Southard, Swift, TiUniadge, Tomlinson, Webster,
and Wright—22.
NAVri—Mes-rs. Benton, Black, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Ewmg of Minors, Grnndy, Hendneks, Hnbbnrd, King of
Alabama, Kuig of Georgia, Linn, Moore, Nicholas, Niles,
Page, Porter, Rives, Robinson, Shepley, Tipton, Walker,
Wall, and White—23.
Mr. TIPTON moved to strike out the eleventh
section, which charges interest on the deposits
in the banks.
Mr. T. said that he desired very much to vote
for that part of the bill, now before the Senate,
that ptovMrni for the di-trrbotidri <-f the Bacpfat
revenue of the United States among the s*v*rri
States; and he regretted to find that part of the
biH in such bad company as the eleventh section,
compelling the deposit banks, in which the pub-
lic moneys were deposited, to pay interest of two
per cent, on them. It might be fair to charge in-
terest on deposits in banks that discounted on
them; but this was not the case with the- State
Bank of Indiana. The charter of that bank pro-
hibited issues on their deposits; and a  the busi-
ness was now transacted, the deposits were of
mntual benefit to the United States and the bank,
as the money of the bank was receivable itt the
United 8*a<es land offices. That bank would're-
ject the public deposits if interest was charged on
them, as they would not be willinsr to pay even
one per cent, to retain them, and the United
States would have to transport their money be-
yond the limits of Indiana, and deposit them in
a bank perhaps not so safe a  he knew the Bank
of Indiana to be.
On taking the question, Mr. Tri-row's motion
was rejected—yeas 7, nays 39; as follows:
YEA?—Messrs. Ewmg of Illinois, Hendricks, Morris,
Nicholas Tallmadge, Tipton, and Wright—7.
NAY3—Messrs. Benton, Black, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clay, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Ewing oi Ohio, Golds-
borough. Grund> , Hubbard, Kent, King of Alabama, King
of Georgia, Knight, Leigh, Linn, McKean, Mangum,
Moore, Naudain, Niles, Pago, Poner, Prentiss, Preston,
Robbms, Rotundo . Ruggles, Shepley, Southard, Swift,
Tomtinson, Walker, Wall, Web ter, aud White—89.
Mr. WALKER renewed his motion to deposit |
the portion of the State of Mississippi with the
Planters' Bank of that State; which motion had i
before been lost in  Committee of the Whole;
which was rejected—yeas 21, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Buchanan, Calbbun,
Cuthbert, Ewmg of Illinois, Grirndy, Hiihbttnl, King pf
Alabama, King of Georgia, Linn, Moore, Nicholas, Niles,
Page, Pretton, Rives, Robinson, Shepley, Walker, and
White—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay, Crittenden. Davis, Ewing of Ohio,
Goldsborough, Hendnck , Kent, Knight. Leuih, McKean,
Mangum, Morns, Naudain, Porter, Prenti-.-, Kobbms, Rug-
gles. Southard, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, Toinluison,Wail,
l and Webster—34.
Mr. BLACK moved to strike out the thirteenth
I and fourteenth sections of the bill which provide
for the deposit of the surplus with the States;
which was rejected—yeas 7, nays 39; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Cuthbert, Grundj, Niles, ]
Walker, and Wright—7.                                                   ,
NAYS—Messrs. Buchanan, Calhoun, Clav, Crittenden,
Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Ewing of Illinois, Goldsborough,
Hendricks, Hubbard, Kent, King of Alabama, King of
Georgia, Knight, Leigh, Linn, MoKean, Maogum, Mooce,
Morris, Naudain, Nicholas, Page,Porter, Prentiss: Preston,
Rives, Rohbms, Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley. southard,
Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, Tomlinson, Wall, Webster, and ,
White—39.                                                                       |
The amendments were then concurred in; and
the bill wus ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden,
Davis, Ewing of Illinois, Ewmg of Ohio, Goldsborough,
Hubbard, Kent, King of Alabama, King of Georgia, Knight,
Leigh, Linn, McKean, Mangum. Moore, Morn-,, Naudain,
Nicholas, Niles, Page, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives,
Robbins, Robinson, Ruggles, Shepley, Southard, Swift,
i Tallmadge,Tipton, Tomlinson, Wall, Webster, and While
—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Cuthbert, Grundy,
Walker, and Wnght-6.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 16,1836.
Mr. DICKSON asked leave to present certain
resolutions, &c, of a large public meeting at Fort
Gibson, in the State of Mississippi, on the sub-
ject of the recognition by Congress of the inde-
pendence of Texas, with a view to have them
j referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
I Objection being made, Mr. D. moved a suspen-
sion of the rules; which was lost by a vote of 83
to 51—not being two thirds.
BREACH OP PRIVILEGE.
Mr. JUDSON, from the select committee on
the subject, moved to take up and consider the
! report and resolutions of the select committee
j appointed to inquire into an assault committed
¡ within the Hall of the House of Representatives
I on Saturday last; which was agreed to.
- Th« report wh then roaé; and it concluded
by recommending the adoption of the following
resolutions:
1.  Rctoired, That Henry «3. Whwsler has been guilty of
« contempt and breach ¡H the privileges or this House, by
comuuUJiif the said assault in the Hall of the House ol Rep-
resentatives while the House ua  in session.
2.  fr-joit-ri, That ihe said Henry G. Wheeler shall be
excluded from any place on the floor, or elsewhere, in the
Hail, «a a stenographer to take down the debates of this
House.
3.  Resoirni, That the said flenry G. Wheeler be se-
curely imprisoned by the Sergeant nt-Arms of this House
tor th« remainder of this se-sion; and that the Speaker of
tuts House do issue few warrant to carry into effect this res-
olution.
Mr. JUDSON moved that Mr. Wheeler be
brought to the bar of the House.
Mr. HAWES said he wished to offer an amend-
ment to the resolutions, which, if agreed to by
the House, would supersede the necessity, which
he could not see in any stage, of bringing the in-
dividual to the bar of the House.
Mr. JUDSON withdrew his motion, it having
precedence, to enable Mr. Hawks to submit the
following, as a substitute fur the three resolu-
tions:
Jtttolvtd, That Henry G. Wheeler be discharged from the
custody of the officers of this Rouse.
Mr H. made a few remarks in support of his
amendment,and in reference to the subject of priv-
ilege generally, and he questioned the power of the
House to inflict punishment. He adverted to the
report of the committee, and the testimony upon
which that report was based, which testimony
came from the frank and voluntary declarations of
Mr. Wheeler himself. Mr. H had no wish to be
considered as encouraging anything of this char-
acter. On the contrary, he deplored it, and
regretted that it should have occurred; but they
were not prepared, at that late period of the ses-
sion, to go into an investigation of this character.
The individual had himself offered the only testi-
mony the House was in possession of, and he
lias expressed his sorrow at the occurrence,and
that he had no design to offer an, indignity to the
House. What more, then, let him ask, could the
members of that House require? The Individual
had been led away by his feelings, in a moment-
ary and irrepressible impulse of passion, and un-
der these circumstances Mr. H. was notprepared
to visit him with any severity of punishment,
Mr. ADAMS hoped that the third resolution
would be struck out, or that the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Hawks} would move his propo-
sition as an amendment to that resolution only.
The third resolution he considered went too
far; and the amendment as now proposed by the
gentleman from Kentucky not far enough. He
thought the excluding this gentleman from, the
Hall as a stenographer would be sufficient pun-
ishment for the breach he had committed. He
would therefore vote for the first resolution, and
for the second with some modification, and for
the amendment of the gentleman fi om Kentucky,
if offered as a substitute for the third.
After several suggestions from Messrs  MASON
of Virginia, EVANS, and HAMER,
Mr. HAWES accordingly moted his amend-
ment asa substitute for the third resolution.
On motion of Mr. HEISTER, Mr. Wmjeler
was then placed at the bar of the House.
The question being on the adoption of the first
resolution,
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he would vote for
the first resolution, for he had no doubt that the
accused had been guilty of a breach of the priv-
ilege of this House, but as he had met the ques-
tion fairly, and had expressed his regret at the
occurrence, Mr. V. was not disposed to inflict
very severe punishment. He would, when the
second resolution cattle to be considered, move to
amend it, to as to limit the exclusion of the ac-
cused from this Hall to thepmtnt a*s4o  of Cen-
grtm. This, he thought, under all the oircum-
• tail oes, would be a- punishment adequate to the
offense.
Mr. CRAIG suggested that counsel should be
assigned to the accused, and that he be interro-
gated if he wished to say anything.
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky, said he had
consulted with Mr. Wheeler, who said he de-
sired to add nothing to his statement given in to
the committee, and embraced in the report.
