183&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
The bill waa then discussed by Mf*srs.
HA WES. EVANS, BEALE, MILLER, MA-
SON of Njrs.nm, T.VYLOU, HOWARD, and
fcCHENCiv, when the House refused to recon-
s dir, and the bill was passed.
FORTiriC%T10\ BILL.
Mr. WIIITTLESCY, of Ohio, moved a sus-
pension of die ruks for lias day, for the purpose
of'irocotdmg with the coiwdiiation of the fortt-
f ni'O'i bill, e\¡ins-,nga hop*, that it would be
brougiu lo a coi.elusion as soon as possiule.
Mr. CAMBRELENG remarked that he had
given notice of his intention to move to take up
the deposit bill this day, but, undtr the expecta-
tion that the fortification bill would be finished
to-day, he would not presa the other motion, but
hoped the House would concur m that made by
the gentleman from Ohio.
Tne motion waa agreed to without a count.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then withdrew, for the
present, the amendment offered by him last even-
ing, giving notice that he should move it when the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole had
been gone through with.
The question accordingly recurred on the
amendmt.nl reported to the House appropriating
$700,000 for the armament of fortifications, (given
at length above.)
Mr. BOND concluded his remarks in opposi-
tion to the amendment.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to amend the
amendment by striking out all after the word
"taeivlor," and inserting " that there shall be
set apart from the appropriation contained in the
amendment, a >um not exceeding $75,000, for the
establishment of a national foundery at the city
of Washington; and an additional sum of $10,000
for the purchase of adjoining land and water power
from the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company."
Mr. MERCER made some remarks in favor of
the establishment of a national foundery, but he
did not consider the sum proposed by this amend-
ment sufficient. He was favorable to havmg all
our ordnance manufactured tn a foundery of the
Government, as he considered the work would
be much belter executed by this means than by
private contract.
Mr. DltO.MGOOLE adverted to the report of
the Committee on Military Affairs. He said that
committee was favorable (o the purchase of the
found ry already established within the D strict
of Columbia, if such purchase couJd be effected
By this purchase the Government would be en-
abled to go on with the manofacture of ordnance,
as a 1 the materials would be ready to commence
operation*. Mr. D. said the sum proposed by
1ms amendment was sufficient for the purchase of
ilvs foundery, and he thought it would be the
Letter plan to try the experiment on a small scale
than to build up a great foundery for the purpose
of manufacturing all the ordnance which tne Gov-
ernment mtgiit need.                                                   '
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD made apoint of order
whether the gentleman from Virginia could move
an amendment to this bill when the same propo-
sition was contained in a bill now before the
House.
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be in
order.
Mr. BRIGGS appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
After a few remarks on the point of order by
Messrs. DROMGOOLE, BRIGGS, MASON of
Virginia, WISE, and A. H. SHEPPERD.
Mr. SPEIGHT (the Speaker pro tempore) re-
marked, that whenever he had the honor of occu-
pying the chair, as he now did from the indispo-
sition of the Speaker, he would discharge the
duties of the station, and particularly on points
of order, with the utmost caution and delibera-
tion. It is true,as had been slated, that no amend-
ment can be entertained to a bill under consider-
ation of the same nature of another bdl or prop-
osition pending before the House, yet it was
nevertheless true that amendments hail been,and
could be, entertained, which weie substantially
the same as bills before the House. In this par-
ticular case, il is true, that a bill is pending of a
kindred nature to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Virginia; but there is a mani-
fest difference between them both in form and
substance. The amendment is of a general na*
ture, clothing the PiesiJent with plenary powers;
but the bill No. G2S, to which rcterenct had been
made, was particularly directed to a sptcfic ob-
ject. Upon a view of the whole caso, lie felt no
hesitation in saying that the ami udmi nt waa
perfectly in order, and, as such, he should enter-
tain it.
Mr. BRIGGS then withdrew the appeal; and
Mr. HAWESrenewed it; when the point was
further discitssid by Messrs. JOHNSON of
Kentucky, WARD, and SMITH; when
Mr. IIAMER moved the previous question
on the appeal; which was seconded—ayts UO,
noes not counted; and the main question being
ordered, was put, and decided in the affirmative—
ayes G'J, nocsM.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. DENNY was opposed to the amendment,
and also opposed to the election of a great national
foundery. These great works might be necessary
in Europe; but he conceived they were not needed
in this country. If gentlemen would refer to the
report of the Secietary of War, they would see
that in three yenrsa great national foundery would
manufacture sufficient ordnance for all the forti-
fications; and when that was done, the foundery
would be of no further use to the country, or but
very trifling. Another inconvenience also arose
from the fact, that if tins amendment should pre-
vail, it would be two years, at least, before the
national foundery would be in such a state of
completion as to be of any service m the casting
of ordnance. On these po.nts Mr. D. dwi It at
some length, and quoted laigely fiom the docu-
ments of tne War Department.
Mr. REED belied the Lhstuct was the best
situation for the erection of a foundery, and he
preferred leaving the seltctio'i of the site to the
President. He had no distrust of him on that
subject. It wab true, that up to this time our
cannon had been cast by private contract, but
that offered no ruison why the same plan should
be continued. Certainly the contractors could
have no reason to complain, since the) had long
enjoyed a very profitable monopoly.
Mr. WISE was ata loss to peiceive any ob-
jection to the construction of a national foundery,
tor it had been earnestly recommended by the
Secretary of War, whose opinion was corrobo-
rated by some of the ablest of our officers and
engineers, and it was approved of by the Military
Committee of that House. The next question
was, where was the best site * Two committees
had had the subject under consideration, and the
District of Columbia was recommended as pre-
senting the best locality, for the quality of the
ore in the vicinity, for me advantages of water
power, for the facilities of transportation,and as
being near the scat of the General Government,
over any other section of the country. Mr. W.
quoted at some length from tiie report, which
gave the reasons at length in favor of die District.
The third question was, what kind ol a foundery
was wanted ? This waa answered in the reply
of Captain Thomas Ap C. Jones to the interrog-
atory of the committee. A cheap foundeiy, on a
small scale, for purposes of experiment. Mr. W.
adverted to the fact that the metal at Pittsburg
was not equal to that in the vicinity of the Dis-
trict. At the former the failures were numerous,
egregiously so; while in the District they varied
only from one to two per cent.; that is, no more
than one or two guns out of a hundred failed to
stand the test.
Mr. HEISTER made an earnest appeal to the
House, particularly to members of the Opposition,
not to speak or make long speeches, but to vote.
There were but few days lemanling of the session,
and he did hope that, after the long and protracted
debates that had already occupied the session,
they would now begin to vote.
Mr. McKAY suggested a modification of the
amendment so as to leave it entirely discretion-
ary with the President, and not to restrict the
Executive to the purchase of General Mason's
foundery, but limiting the sum to be expended
for the purpose to  75,O00. He could not vote
for the amendment, because,by u, the Executive
would be resiucied to the pui chase of General i
Mason's foundery, which he was satisfied was i
not worth the sum asked—$75,000—by $25,000. I
I He should vote «gainst it, and move one to the
effect he had indicated.
Mr. DICKERSON referred to the report of the
Secietary of War, by which it was se i n that that
otficei was limited in his inquines to the District
of Columbia, and he neither did,nor had authoi-
itv to, extend hi  researches fuithtr.
"Mi. THOMSON, of Ohm, gave n detnilid
stateim nt of what had tnktn place befme the Mil-
itary Committee in relation to the sul jiu. Mr.
T. was, a member of the suli-romm tteo, which
had made an examination of the site of Gi neial
Mason's foundery, and he considered it a most
advantageous one. Besides this, theie was t very
kind of machinery connected with the establish-
ment, for the casting and manufacture of oid-
nance.
Mr. LANE said he had risen for the purpose
of calling the attention of the House to one or
two facts in relation to the bjll under considera-
tion, and the unfinished business upon the Speak-
er's table. The day of adjournment has been
fixed. The hoars of the session are numbered.
Are gentlemen awaie of the shortness of time
allotted for the action of this House- upon the im-
mense business befoic it, and the impoitance of
many of those bills to the nation, mil mon espe-
cially to the West' And, sir, what a-e we doing;
and what have we done for the last two dnvs: On
yesterday morning the House commennd nt the
thirty-seventh line of the bill: we an now at the
close of the second day, and we have aiuvtd at
the fifty-first line, having passed over fourteen
lines in two days. Seventv-one hm s of the bill
remain to be considered, which, at the sime iate
of speed, will require one day bc\ond that of ad-
journment. Yet, sir, are honoiable ffentlemi n
engagid in idle and useless debate, as if it was the
first week of a long session.
The people expect action, voting, not idle debate,
having no reference to the subject-matter before
the House. The nation demands it; out own rep-
utations require it. And (Mr. L. said) he would
apprise the friends of the bill to vote, and not
talk, if they intended to pass this bill. Should
they not profit by this advice, necessity and duty
will call upon a majority of this House to lay
this bill upon the table, that otheist qually impoi-
tant may come in for a share of th<* time of the
House; and if no other member shall be found to
make that motion, Mr. L. said he would make it
himself. The interior of the far West have rights
as well as the sta-board; and as one of ihereprer
sentatives of the West, he should be wanting in
his duty should he sit s.U nt and suffer such a
wanton consumption of the time of the House and
the people of the nation.
Mr. SMITH a^ked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and the question b"ing then
taken, was decided in the negative—ytas 27,
nays 159.
bo the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The House then, according to the order adopted
yesterday, took a recess from half past two to
four o'clock, p. m.,and the evening*t> pioceedings
will be given to-morrow.
EVENING SESSrON.
The following amendment ketag pending,
For the armam-ut of fortification , in addition to tire
amount included m the bill making appropriation* lor t>ie
«upport ot the Army lor 183(5, ■-TOJ.OOJ Pi ai idea, Tnat Hie
President of the United Statss bo. aid lie i hen I>v,.:iutljoi-
iz"d to expend so much of i'ie mid -inn a* may l>- nece*
sary thereior, nt e«tab  hiin * national louiwlary at «ucti
place as he may de«m expedient;
Mr. GRANGER moved to reduce the sum of
4700,000 to  400t000, on the ground that this was
as much as could possibly be expended for the
object contemplated between this and the 4th of
March. Mr. G. also moved to strike out the
proviso, and called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered           „„„       , ,    ,    , , -      ,- -
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he had himself in-
tended to move to reduce the item to the sum em-
braced in his colleague's motion, if tin- provis>
weie stricken out; and he hud drstine ly stated
that fact to the House on yesterday.
After some further remarks trom Messrs.
CAMBRELENG, MERCER, CHAMBERS of
