564
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
Juftc Ifc,
Pennsylvania, GRAVES, PEARCE of Rhode !
u (.,(i... .icrMiiN\;,
Mi. GRANGE'! modified his motion by pro-
i,,.- .is o  :i.K< out the proviso lift: which mo-
tion «.is JiniJ lo  nhout a count.
Ah. G. then rent wed his motion to reduce the
impropriation to $400,000; and the call for the
yeas and navs being w ithdrawn,
Mr. CAM'BRELCNG said he was in favor of
this motion, for reasons before giveu, and it was
substantially his own amendment.
It was agreed to w uhout a count.
The question recurring on the amendment as
amend) d,
Mi. CAMBRELEXG renewed the following
amendment offi red by him on yistenlay:
Tóenme ll'r' l^.to " " Im ludui'ji auiion. mortars, how
inters, gun carriages, howitzer iarri.ii>>;.- mortar beds, now
der, entuion ball-*, shells, anil Kir traiisportaunn or ordnance,
and orduanee stores ; and in the purchase ol twentv acre 
ih Luid adjnimug tbe Kenucbcc arsenal. Maine ; and the
pimnascui laud, and iiiclo.-uig the rearoi the pubhe ground
muí a bnek wall and copina, at the Fraiiúorit arsenal,
Penile Kami; and construct ng a forging shop, one story
hisii. «event v fiv by fortv teet, or" brick, at tne arsenal,
U jutiow h, Massachusetts; and lor the pu -cha«e of a steam
t'iuine oi ei lit horse power, and ior quarter  lor officers at
Fui! Moi roe arsenal "'
This amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CARTER offlred the following amendment
to the aniendimnt; which was disagreed to:
And th it the Secrttary ot War is hereby required to cause
an < tami'iitii ii to be made, by some competent person,
o, il e touniK ríes m East Tennessee ; al-o, the quality
n: the mm lor cannon ami «Miall arms; and eau-e a report
lo . > made to L ongreas .it the next so««ion, or  - early as
pi i - 'i„l>le. in ilie lucts, and aUo In  views as to the pro-
pni i\ ami pn'.etH.ib.htv o procuring cam.on Irom lhat part
nt itii- cou..ir\ ior lhi- ininuuMit of our torts and fortifica-
tions, and uavril service ; the amount of the evpense attend-
ing ¡-ueU examination to be paid out of this sum.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
as amended was then concurred in.
The following amendment was concurred in,
without a division:
For Fort Mcllenry, Redoubt Wood, and Covington Bat
(cry, near Baltimore, 300,1.00.
Mr. HAWESmoved toreducetheamendment,
" For Tort Monroe, $210,000," to " $13,000;"
which was agreed to—ayea 65, nays 63; and the
amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. AIcKA Y moved to amend theclause," For
fortifications at St. Augustine, Florida, '50,000,"
by striking out the first two words, anu inserting,
'• For the repair of Fort St. Mary, and the sea-
wall;" which was agreed to; and the whole
amendment concurred in.
The following was concurred in without a di-
vision:
For knapsack! and ramp equipage authorized by the act
approved 19th of March, JSJtí, lor volunteers ot uuhlia,
§jj,7tú.
The following amendment being propounded
from the Chair:
For accnuterments for the Army, $103,30.' ,
Mr. GRANGER made tome inquiries in rela-
tion to the items of which this clause was made [
up.                                                                                1
Mr. CAMBRELENG sent a document in ex-
planation to the Clerk's table; which was read.
Mr. GRANGER said he was satisfied.
Mr. DUNLAP moved to add the following:
And that §50,000 of said appropriation be appiopnat Jd to
the erection of a imbue depot lor arms at Memphis, Tennes-
see ;
Which waalost; andtheamendmentofthe com-
mittee was concurred in.
The following amendment being propounded:
For a depot for munitions of war in the Territory of Ark-
ansas, $42,2-">8,
Mr. McKay thought it had been improperly
intioducid in this bill, inasmuch as it was for a
new work, and had not undergone the examina-
tion of the Committee on Military Affairs.
After a few remarks from Messrs. ASHLEY
and MERCER,
Mr. DUNLAP moved to amend the amend-
ment by inserting, after the word "Arkansas,"
*' and for a depot for munitions of war in the
town of Memphis, in the State of Tennessee."
After some remaiks from Messrs. SPEIGHT,
ASHLEY, RIPLEY, CAMBRELENG, Mc-
KAY, LLNCOLN, and HARPER,
Mr. AIcKA Y suggested a modification as fol-
lows:
For the purchaae of «tes and the estahlfctiraeat of depots I
and aiwnnfe, in the States of Arkansas, nt Memphis, Ten- i
nev>ee, and Missouri;                                                               ¡
Which wasngieed to.
Mr. AIcKA Y moved a proviso that the expense
of these works should not exceed $25,000 each.
Mr. MERCER suggested $14,000: for he said
he knew the fact that theaisenals in Virginia had
not cost more than that.
Air. McKAY so modified his amendment; and
it was agreed to; and the amendment as amended
was concurred in.
The following amendment was concurred in
without a division:
For the piirchn-  of twenty-eight fire engines, and the
necessary apparatus, $22,400.                                           i
The following amendments of the Committee
of the Whole weic severally concurred in with-
out a division:
i     For«tore housesnt Newport, Kentucky,$1,100.
For purchasing wen arres of I.mil. including the «Heof
llie powder magazine attached to the arsenil at St Louis,
Missouri. ProiideJ, I'm same shall be ascertained uottobe
on land of the Ciutrd Ptatt«, $-\t00
For erectins a piazza m t runt of the building occupied as
barracks b\ the troops at Awrusta arsenal, tíenrgia, $400.
For barracks, quarler-, store hou es, hospital, stables, and
materials tor the saine at Tort Je-up, Louisiana, $25,000.
Tor rebuildinz the \\ hai f, and maten lis for the same, at
Fort Wolcott. Newport, Rhode Mind, «">00
For construeung a wood yard, and a wood yard wharf, '
and lor materials for the same, at Fort Monroe, Virginia,
§1,000.
For constructing a whirf, and for materials for the same,
at Fort Severn, Maiylind. «1,000
For n huildin: and repaumg barracks, quarters, hospital,
store-houses, and materials lor the same, at Fort Drady,
Michigan Territory. $0,000
For the purchase o! I uid adjoining Tort Sullivan, and the
buildings thereon. $.! T",0
Tor the following objects in addition to former appropri-
Uons lor the same :
For national armory at Harper's Terry, $77,897.
Tor national armory at Springfield, .«13.000.
Tor the purchase or manufacture of light brass and iron
field artillery, and for construction of field artillery carnages,
caissons, and traveling forges. $137,190.
For the construction ot lurnaces for heating cannon balls,
$13,000
The following additional section to the bill was
also concuired in:
8"c -2 Jtnd be it farther enacted, That the President of
the I" mted States is hereby authorized, under the restrictions
of the act of the 1st of Mav, 18-20, to make transfers from
one head of appropriations for fortifications, to that of
another tor a .ike object, whenever, in his opinion, the
public interest shall require it.
Mr. HAWES then moved to reduce the appro-
priation "for the preservation of Castle Island,
and repairs of Fort Independence, Boston har-
bor," from $150,000 to $100,000.
After some remarks from Mr. LAWRENCE
in favor of the original appropriation, and hi
opposition to the amendment,
Mr. HAWES briefly supported his motion;
when
Mr. McKIM moved the previous question; but
the House refused to second the motion—ayes
66, noes 72.
Mr. McKAY said a few words against the
amendment, and Mr. HAWES in support of it.
Mr. H. then gave notice that he should make
similar motions in relation to other clauses of the
bill.
The amendment was further discussed by
Messrs. BEAL, REED, and LAWRENCE,
when the yeas and nays were ordered on the
motion of the last gentleman.
Mr. SPEIGHT then moved the previous ques-
tion; but the House again refused to second the
motion, only 52 voting in the affirmative.
Mr. Hawcs 's amendment was then agreed to—
ayes 89, noes 81.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said, that from what he
had8een,and from what had already been avowed,
he was convinced that the motion just carried
was but the beginning of a system of razeeing,
which, commencing at Boston, was to go " doten
all along shore," and if we should remain here
long enough to dispose of all the new proposi-
tions that were to be made, we would be de-
tained till morning. Sufficient time had certainly
been spent upon the bill. It had been fought and
debated paragraph by paragraph, and for Ins part
he was unwilling to fight over again the pro-
tracted battles which it had already provoked,
and therefore moved the previous question.
The motion for the previous question was sec-
onded by the House—ayes 77, noes 66.
Mr. HALEY asked for the yens and nays on
ordering the main question to be put; which" were
ordered.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved that the House ad-
journ; which was lost.
The question was then taken, but before the
result was announced,
Mr. BRIGGS moved a reconsideration of the
vote, by winch the appropi iation for Castle Island
and Fort Independence, Boston harbor, was re-
duced to $100,000.
The CHAIR decided the motion to be out of
order; and therefore announced the vote to be—
yeas 91, nays 71.
Mr. HALEY then moved an adjournment;
which was lost.
Mr. GRIFFIN called for the yeas and nays on
ordering the bill to be engrossed; which were not
ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the House ad-
journed at half past eight o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Baiubdat, June 18, 1836.
Mr. ROBBINS, on leave, introduced a joint
resolution providing for a survey, with a view to
fortifying Narraganset bay; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
a large number of the most respectable merchants
of the city of Philadelphia, expressing their en-
tire approbation with the box system in the post
offices, and requesting Congress not to make any
change id it; which was laid on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Messrs. LINN, TOMLINSON, McKEAN,
and HUBBARD, made reports from committees
of bills from the House that had been referred to
them.
Mr. LEIGH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of Margaret Leitch and
Elizabeth Goodwin; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee ©n Indian
Affairs, reported the bill for the relief of Peter
Warnei without amendment.
INDEPENDENCE OF TEXAS.
Mr- CLAY, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which had been referred the reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Connecticut, and
several memorials from different parts of the
United States, recommending to Congress the rec-
ognition of the independence of Texas, made a
report theieon, concluding with the following res-
olution:
Resolved. That the independence of Texas ought to be
acknowledged by tbc I'nued States, whenever satisfactory
information -hill be ipceivedthat it has, in successful oper-
ation, a civil Oovernment, capable of performing the duties
and fulfilling the obligations ot an independent power.
The report having been read,
Mr. CLAY observed that it had been agreed
upon by the unanimous consent nf the commit-
tee. It was not necessary (he said) that the report
should be immediately acted on unless some gen-
tleman was disposed to object to some portion of
it. This, however, he had no reason to suppose
would l>e the case, and he would therefore move
that the report be printed and made the order of
the day for Tuesday next.
Mr."PRESTON expressed his acquiescence in
the report of the committee, and liis opinion, that
in the absence of alt information from Texas other
than that derived from newspapers and rumor,
the report could not have with propriety recom-
mended strongermeasnresthan itdict. Hcrhoped
the report of the committee would be concurred
in, and that done, he would move to take up the
resolution submitted by him some clays ago,call-
ing on the President for information on this sub-
ject. He was exceedingly anxious to hear some
further authentic intelligence from Texas: and he
mdulged the hope that the Executive was by this
time in the possession of such as would enable
them to adopt some stronger measure than that
recommended by the committee.
