566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jung 12©^
The main quest.on was then ordered, put, and
earned, and me bul ordered to be engrossed for
a third leading.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
Mi. PATTOX moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose- of taking up the bill from the
Senate to regulate the deposits of the public
moneys of the United States. Mr. P. explained
that he made the motion wall a view that some
day next week should be set apart for its con-
sideration.
Mi. DRIGGS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and were—yeas 130, nays
70; not being two thirds, the rules were not
suspended.
CHOCTAW LANDS.
On raotioi of Mr. BELL, the House resolved
itsi-lf into a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the llnio.i, (Air. Pevrce, of Rhode Island, in
the chair,) and took up and considered the bill to
provide for the adjustment of certain claims and
Kstrvauons of land under the fouiteenth article
of the treaty of 13.A), with the Choctaw Indians.
The bill having been gone through with, the
committee rose and reported the same to the
House, without amendment; and it was oidered
to be engrossed.
At a subsequent part of the day, the bill was
rcid a third time, and passed.
PENSION SYSTEM.
The bill to extend the pension system, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading to-day, was
then taken up.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
the following resolution:
/¡csoiietf, Tli.u the bill bo recommitted to a Committee
ol t.ie Whole House, with instructions to strike out the
provision  wluciigrama peqsioj to tho^e persons who were
cug.igcd in the Indian liostwaes o, the VVe-t, subsequently
to ihu revoluciona, y war, terminating in 1783.
Mr. FRENCH moved the previous question;
which was seconded by the House—ayes 78,
noes 50.
Mr. VINTON called for the yeas and nays on
ordering the mum question; which were ordered.
Mr. JARVIS moved a call of the House; which
was lost.
The House determined that the main question
should be put. by a vote of 89 to 86.
Mr. CAMBRJiLENG asked for the yeas and
nays on the main question, (the passage of the
bill;) which were ordered.
Mr. PARKS moved to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, asked for the
yeas and nays on that motion; which were or-
dered; and were—yeas 68, nays 111. So the
motion to lay on the table was decided in the
negative.
Mr. JARVIS moved a call of the House. Mr.
J. said, o.i the passage of a bill of this character,
he desired to see a full House. The motion was
lost—only for-y-nme voting in the affirmative.     I
The question was then taken on the passige of
the bill,and decided in the affirmative—yeas. 109, I
nays 75.                                                                       i
¿o the bill was passed.                                          |
Mr. JARVIS moved a reconsideration of the
vote He said the bill had been forced througn
the House in a most extraordinary manner, and
then went on to show the heavy drains it would
cause upon the public Treasury, and examined
its prowsions at some length. He concluded by
moving that the question of reconsideration be
postponed until Monday next, so that every gen-
tleman might coma prepared to vote upon it un-
der  tandingly.
Mr. HAtiDlN, after a few remarks in sup-
port of the provisions of the bill, mo/ed the pre-
vious question on the motion to reconsider; which
was seconded—ayes 69, noes 62.
Mr. RENCHER Call for the yeas and nays on
oidoting tlie mam question to be put; which were
ordered, and were—yeas 92, nays 70.
So the House determined that the main ques-
tion should be put.
The main question on reconsideration was then
put, and disagreed to without a count. Po the
lull was finally passed.
SUSPENSION OF THE RTTLES.
Mr. GILLET moved aru&pi-nsionof the rules
for the purpose of considering the bill to estab-
lish ports of entry; butthe motion was disagreed
to.
A number of ineffectunl motions were made to
give pnority to various bills.
JOHN DONALDSON,  ETC.
On motion of Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana,
the House receded from its amendment to the
Senate bill for the relief of John Donaldson, Ste-
phen Heard, and otliers.
On motion of Mr. AS1I, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.                                I
Monday, June 20, I83G.
The CHAIR communicated the ciedentinls of
the lion. Richard Bay Ana, elected by the Legis-
lature of Delaware a Senator from that State to
fill the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of
the Hon. Arnold Naudain.
Mr. Bayard was then qualified, and took his
seat.                                                                               i
The CH \IR communicated a report from the
Secretary of the Treasury, made m compliance \
with theseventh sectionoftheactof 1792, lelative
to the transactions of the Mint for tbe last year.
REPORTS   FROM   COMMITTEES.
Mr PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of Parker
Chase; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. P., from the same committee, reported
several bills from the House without amend-
ment.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to winch had been referred the resolution
submitted by Mr. Hubbard, directing the com-
mittee to inquire into the increase of the banking
capital in Florida, made arepoit thereon, recom-
mending the disappro\al and annulling, on the
part ofCongre<s<¡,ofccrtaiabank charters,granted
by the Legislature of said Territory, accom-
panied by a bill and joint resolution on the sub-
ject.
Mr. "W. said he thought the honourable mem-
ber from New Hampshire (Mr. Hubbard) had
done a service in calling the attention of the Sen-
ate to the subject. The committee collected what
information they could, and had wstiucted Ium
to make a report, accompanied by a bill and a ,
joint resolution. The bill proposed to disap- [
prove and annul all acts of the Legislature of
Florida creating banks, or extending bank char-
ters, passed in the year 18C6.
It proposed also to take away in time to come,
all power from any Territorud Legislature to
create banks, except subject to the express con-
firmation of Congress. Two acts which the
committee think to be of a very extraordinary
and objectionable character were passed by the
Florida Legislature in February, 1835, knowl-
edge of which reached here on the last day of the
last session of Congress. The committee were
of opinion that these acts ought also to be an-
nulled, unless they sha'I be properly reformed
and amended; but under these circumstances,
the committee think that the persons interested
may not improperly be allowed an opportnnity
to obtain such amendments; although, consider-
ing the time when the acts were obtained, and the
certainty, then known to everybody, that Con-
gress could notact upon the subject last session,
it would not be an injustice or hardship, if Con-
gress were now to exeicise its undoubted power
of annulling the laws altogether.
It is not to be concealed that applications have
been made to the Legislature for charters, with
very unusual and extiaordinary powers from a
real or a supposed facility of obtaining charters
from the Territorial Government.
Mr. W. said he would call for the consider-
ation of these measures on Thursday next.
The bill and joint resolution were then sever-
ally read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the bill from the House
for the relief of Judge Bradford, of Louisiana,
without amendment.
Mr. TOML1NSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported the bills from the House for
the relief of George White and George McHat-
ton, severally without amendment.
Mi. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, made an unfavorable n-port on the bill for
the relief of John H. Jacocks; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Claims,
reported without nmendmmt the bill from the
House for the relief of the legal representatives
of Josias Thompson, deceased.
REORGANIZATION OF THE GENERAL POST
OFFICE.
On motion of Mr. GRUNDY, the bill to change
the organization of the General Post Office was
taken up; and the question being on the amend-
ments of the committee relative to the prívale
bjxesin the pott offici s, it was not concurred in.
Mr. G. moved to strike out the 43d and 44th
set tions.
[These sections regulate the rent of the private
boxes put up by the postmasters in the post
offices, and rented out to merchants and others.]
Mr. DAVIS could not consent to the striking
out tin se sections without inserting some provis-
ions to destroy the great inequality which i«
caused in the compensation of postmasters by the
existing state of things with regard to these pri-
vate boxes. He thought that the amendment
buggested by him the other day would answer
every purpose, and obviate all the objections that
had been made to the system.
The amendment is as follows:
Sec. —. «0n¿ lie it further tnacte-1, That it shall be law-
ful for each deputy po Una tor in tuc United States to erect
and maintain ui hi-, office boxe for Uil n< conimndation of
such personi as may apply for them, o.i the following con-
dition^, and no other, to wit-
Firtl. In each village, town, city, or place containing, by
the cei)Mi~ of 1630, leas than tcu thousand inhabitants, each
deputy postma ter may rent such boxc= at any sum not ex-
ceeding one dollar each a year.
Second In each village, town, or city containing more
than ten thou and, and leas tlian twenty t.iou.-aud mliah t-
ait-,, b) the Fa d cen^m, each deputy postmaster may rent
such boxes for any sum not exceeding one dollar and fifty
cents  year each.
Third. In each village, town, or city, containing, by said
centu> more than twenty thousand inhabitant*, puch dep-
uty ponina tcr may rent tuch boxes for any sum not exeeed-
lii;  two dollar-, a year ench.
Fourth. The exponse of erecting such boxes shall be de-
frayed ou  of the revenue ansmg therefrom.
Fi th. The several deputy postráoste!  shall keep an
account or all the proceeds an ins from the rent of tuch
boxes, and make return thereof, With the other accounts of
Jus office.
Sixth. The several deputv postmasters, except in the
cities of New York and New Oilenm, raaj, in addition to
the other allowances made to them by law for their ter-
vim, detain for their own use the revenue ansin; from said
boxes: Pi ovtded, Such revenue, when added to their other
emolument-*, sha'I not exceed the bum ot $3 úOO in a year,
in which case the bilancc shall be paid as other revenue to
the General Po-t Office.
Seventh The deputy postmasters in the cities of New
York nnd New Orleans may detain in their respective
hands from the revenue ot s.aid boxes, unul that, with
their other emoluments, amount rc-pocuvely to $4,0iK>.
Mr. EWING objected to the striking out the
provisions in these sections without making- some
regulation as to the compensations of the post-
masters. In some cases (he said) the postmas-
ters, in consequence of these perquisites, collected
twice and sometimes three tunes as much as the
salaries allowed them by law; a fact wholly
unknown to the public. He would prefer the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts;
but rather than not have some provision of the
kind, he would vote for retaining the sections as
they came from the House, though some ine-
quality might be occasioned by them.
Mr. PRESTON concurred with the chairman
in the motion to strike nut the two sections. He
thought the subject ought to be left as it is, it not
being a fit subject for legislation. Mr. P. spoke
of the present system as being a matter of pri-
ste arrangement between the postmasters and
the merchants who principally rent the boxes, of
the greatest convenience to the latter, and so
universally approved of, that the greatest dissatis-
faction, as well as inconvenience, would be occa-
sioned by changing it. In referring to the post
office at Charleston,he spoke of the arduous duties
and responsible trust of the postmaster at that
place, who he represented as a very valuable
officer, and contended that any reduction of his
income would be not only unjust, but highly
inexpedient.
