1836.
Tfífi étiNGRESSIOtfAL GLOBE.
567
Mr. BÜCHANAN said they were legislating '
on a subject, he was free to say, few of thorn
understood. Not a single complaint h \d b^n
made, throughout this extensive Union, again«t
this system of boxes. No man had said aught
against it; and, without being acquainted with its
nature, we seek (said he) to establish a system,
th ■ extent of which we cannot know. The effect
of the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dams] would be, that, in every
village, the postmaster would exact one dollar,
where nothing has been charged before—and boxes
will spring up everywhere throughout the coun-
try, set up by the post, for the sake of their own
rirufits. lii Philadelphia the greatest convenience
lad resulted from the practice, both to those who
took the boxes and to the postmaster; and it was
owing to the smallness of their number, there
being but four hundred and fifty of them, that the
convenience was so valuable. If the amendment
prevailed, the number would be increased to an
almost unlimited extent, occasioning much con-
fusion, as well as great additional expense. With
respect to the compensation of the postmaster, he
only received about three thousand three hundred
dollars per annum, and tins amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts would reduce it.to
two thousand two hundred dollars, a sura totally
inadequate to the support of his family.
Mr. C. thought it belter not to make any
change in the present system before the next ses-
sion of Congress. The Postmaster General was
now seeking information on the subject from all
parts of the country, and would digest a plan,
and report it to them at the next session. Why
should they make so important a change now in
the absence of all complaint and of all inform-
ation ? The only inconvenience complained of
was the salaries of the postmasters of New York
and New Orleans; and if they could not wait till
the next session to regulate them, the amend-
ment he had suggested would provide the remedy.
If it was proposed to reduce the salaries of the
postmasters of these two cities, let it be done (he
said) without affecting those whose salaries do
not come up to $4,000. He thought that the
postmaster at New York received too much, and
that none ought to receive more than §4,000.
The fallowing is the amendment of Mr. Buch-
anan, as suggested by him when the bill was
under consideration a few days ago:
Be U enacted, That each postmaster anil ileputvpostmaH-
ter shall make quarterly return* of the amount teceived by
him for ttie rent of boxes ; and if the same shrill cxeeed the
torn of 93,000 per anno , he shall account f«r anil pay
over tbe excew.
Mr. PORTER denied that the postmaster at
New Orleans received more than a fair compen-
sation, considering the importance of his duties
and the exceedingly high expenses of living in
that city. There was a strong objection (he said)
to the change in the box system, that gentlemen j
had not adverted to.    At this time it was a mat- ;
ter of private arrangement between the postmas-
ters and the merchants, and consequently all the !
responsibility rested on the former; but make it j
a matter of law, and the responsibility will be
greatly diminished; nothing more will be required
than ordinary care and diligence.
Mr. GRUNDY observed that, if this bill went
into operation, the box system would be greatly
diminished. There were provisions in it with
respect to the penny-posts, furnishing such in-
creased facilities for the transmission of letters,
as well to the post offices as from it, which would
cause a great many who now use the private
boxes to dispense with them.
Mr. DAVIS explained the operations of his
amendment, and supported it in a speech of some
length. He was opposed to making the post-
masters a favorite class, and giving them higher
salaries than other officers holding appointments
of equal importance, labor, and responsibility ;and
instanced the salary of the Governor of the great
State of New York, only $4,000; of the naval offi-
cer of New York, $3,000; and of the district judge
in that State, $2,500. He would say to the Senator
from South Carolina, that the present arrange-
ment gives to the postmaster of Charleston a
higher salary than his State pays to any of her
officers. The amendment submitted by the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania was equally objectionable
with him to the present system, for it went to
limiting the accommodation said to lie of so much |
value to a few individuals, while it ought to be
liberally extended, as far as circumstances would
permit, to the whole community. He spoke of
his wish to compensate the postmasters of the
large oities liberally, but not to an extent beyond
the compensations of other Government officers
of a like grade and responsibility, and not atthe
expense of the convenience of the community.
Mr. BUCHANAN replied to Mr. Davi's at
length, and defended his amendment. The reduc-
tion would not affect the postmasters of New York
and Boston anything like what it would the post-
master of Philadelphia, who would, if it pre vailed,
be compelled to resign, from the impossibility of
supporting his family on the salary to which he
would be reduced. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts would also be the levying
of a tax in every town and village of the Union
of one dollar on each boxset up bythe postmas-
ters for their own convenience, merely for the
purpose of reaching the postmasters of New
York and New Orleans, who alone aro said to
receive too much.
After some further remarks from Messrs. DA-
VIS and BUCHANAN, the question was taken
on Mr. Davis's amendment; and it was rejected
—yeas 16, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Clay, CHyton. Crittenden, Da-
vis. Eft'ing of Ohio, Goldiborough, Knight, Mangiini,
Monrc, Prentiss, Bobbins, Southard, Swift, Tomhiicou, and
Webster—16.
NAYS — Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown, Buchanan,
Cuthbert. Grundy, Hendricks, Hubbard, Kent, Kim of Al
abama, King of Georgia, Linn, McKcan. Morns, Nicholas,
Nilcs, Faie, Porter, Preston, Rives, Rohin<on, Rubles,
Shepley,Tallmadge, Walker, Wall, White, and Wnglit—
25.
The question next came up on Mr. Buchanan's
amendment.
Mr. WEBSTER wished that the Senator would
so modify his motion as to require the postmas-
ters to exhibit, the prices of the boxes as well as
the aggregate received.
Mr. GRUNDY would make one suggestion.
He was in hopes that, at the next session, they
would be able to make some reduction on the
postage of letters. Now, he wished this matter
of the rent of private boxes should be left as it is;
and when they came to reduce the letter postage
they might perhaps be able to make up some
part of the reduction by a revenue from this
source. He would vote against the amendment,
considering it better to leave the whole matter at
present as it is.
Mr. BUCHANAN declined making anychange
in his amendment, believing it the best, under
the circumstances that could be adopted.
Mr. CLAY thought this matter of perquisites
exceedingly inconsistent with the genius of this
Government. He should have been glad if they
could hare met the views of the House of Rep-
resentatives; but he had no idea that, in a Gov-
ernment of laws, such an abuse should exist one
day. The next thing would be that the custom-
house officers would demand perquisites, and
they would be called onto sanction it. He thought
also, the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania went to too great an increase of the sal-
aries of the postmasters.
Mr. BUCHANAN said it was plain that the
Senator from Kentucky did not understand the
amendment. It prevented the salary of any post-
master from going beyond #4,000.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bcchax*
an's amendment, which was rejected by the fol-
lowing vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Black, Buchanan, Clayton,
Cuthbert, Ewing of O.iio, Kent, Nilcs, Porter, Prentiss,
Rohin«on, Süeplcy, Swift, Wetwter, and White—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Clav, Crittenden, Da-
vis, Gotdsboroujh, Grundy, Hendricks, Hubbard, King of
Alabama, Kine of Georgia, Knight, Linn, McKean, Man-
gum, Moore, Morris, Nicholas, Pnge, Preston, Rive?, Hob-
bins, Rii"gle«, Southard, Tallniadge, Tomlinson, Walker,
Wall, and Wright—29.
Mr. PORTER moved an amendment, requiring
the Postmaster General to keep a record, on a
well-bound book, of all the bids made for carry-
ing the mails, whether accepted or rejected, with
the prices at which the bids are made; all of
which are to be reported to Congress at the next
session, in lieu of the provisions on that subject
reported- by the cohimittee-;
This amendment was agreed to; and the bill
having been reported to the Senate, the amend-
ments were concurred in, and the bill was ordered
to be read a third time.
The message of the President, containing his
veto to the bill, fixing the adjournment of Con-
gress, came up as the order of the day; and
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, it was post-
poned to, and made the order of the day for, to-
morrow.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House were sev-
erally rend twice and referred:
The bill extending the provisions of the act
supplementary to the act for the relief of sundry
surviving officers and soldiers; and
The bill for the adjustment of certain claims to
reservations of lands under the fourteenth article
of the treaty with the Choctaws.
BILLS PASSED.
The  following bills were severally read the
third time, and passed:
The bill for the relief of Archibald Small;
The bill for the relief of Benjamin and Nancy
Merrill:
The bill for the relief of the citizens of the re-
served townships in the State of Indiana;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Doctor Absalom Baird;
The bill for the relief of Daniel Smith;
The bill for the relief of James Caulfield;
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Nathaniel Shaver, deceased;
The bill to promote the progress of the useful
arts and to repeal all other parts of acts on the
same subject;
The biil for the relief of Alvarez Fisk and the
legal representatives of Thomas P. Eskridge, de-
ceased ;
The bill to discontinue the land offices at Woos-
ter and Steubenville, in the State of Ohio;
The bill for the relief of Sarah Angel and the
other heirs-at-law of Benjamin King, deceased;
The bill authorizing the construction of a rail-
road in Florida;
The bill for the relief of Nathaniel P. Tatum;
The bill for tlxe relief of Charles Dehault De-
lassus;
The bill to authorize the location of a railroad
from Mobile to Pascagoula through the public
lands;
The bill to amend an act to grant certain relin-
quished and unappropriated lands in the State of
Alabama, for the purpose of improving the navi-
gation of the Tennessee, Coosa, Cahawba, and
Black Warrior rivers;
The bill for laying off the towns of Fort Madi-
son and Burlington, in the county of Des Moines,
and the towns of Bellevieu, Dubuque, and Peru,
in the county of Dubuque, Territory of Wiscon-
sin, and for other purposes-,
The bill to amend an act, entitled " An act au-
thorizing the laying off a town on Bean river, in
the State of Illinois, and for other purposes,"
approved February 5, 1829;
The bill for the relief of the trustees of the com-
mon schools in township eight, range eleven
enst, in the State of Mississippi;                      ,
The bill to authorize the President of the United
States to cause to be issued to Albert J. Smith,
and others, patents for certain reservations of
land in Wisconsin Territory;
The bill for the relief of Franco  R. Theobold!
and                                                     .
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Stone.
RECRUITS FOR THE ARMY.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate took
Up the bill to increase the military peace estab-
lishment of the United States.                            ..
TThe bill proposes to increase the ranK ana nie
of the Army to ten thousand five hundred and
twenty-four; and also proposes a considerable in-
crease to the general staff, an addition of three
paymasters, and a small increase of the medical
Bt Mr B. explained and advocated the bill.
Mr CLAY said he had supposed that,a  no
augmentation ofthe Army couldbe of any service
for the present Indian wars, which must termin-
al foil- before the recruiting could be completed}
