568
TIfP GQNqftfi^ONAI* GI 0£Ifc
June^O,
and ns th.-v hnd passed a law alrcndy to raise
t.n thousand volunteers,,and mi additional regi-
ment of dragoon?, this bill would not be pressed.
Consult riu? the militia as the proper constitu-
t.oiial force f>r leprlling all insurrections and in-
vasions, and consid  ring that the additional regi-
ment of dragoons wr.s a sufficient increase of the
military peace establishment, he would, to try the
sense of the Senate, move to strike out the first
section of the bill.
Mr. LINN spoke against the motion at some
leiürih. He sltowed the urgent necessity there
■was for increasing the military force for the pro-
tection of our Indian frontieis, and quoted the
opinions of the Secretary of War, and of General
Jesup, iii support of his arguments.
The present frontilr population of Missouri
wt re very different from those hardy and warlike
ad venturers who conquered the valley of the Mis-
siss ppi. Taey v.'tre generally persona in easy
circi instances, who had emigrated from the East
fir the purpose of acquiring land for their grow-
i:Tg families, and were more fitted for the pursuits
of peace and industry than the hardships and
dangers of Indian warfare. Itwasall important
to such to be able to pursue their usual avoca-
tions without the constant dread of savage ag-
gression. There was no doubt but that they
could conquer the Indians, but it would be after
many fair fields had been mude desolate, and many
a w'dow would lw weeping over her fatherless
olujdn n. It would be a humane policy towards
the Indians themselves, as well us justice to the
frontier States, to have such a force us would pre-
\ent the possibility of an Indian outbreak. Mr. L.
spoke of the warlike character of the Indians, the
feelings of hatred and revenge they must necessa-
rily indulge against the wants, and the facilities
they have for forming combinations, in conse-
quence of so many of them having leen thrown
in to situations inviting the intercourse on the bord-
ers of t he frontier Slates— all of which powerfully
argued the necessity of having a sufficient force
to overawe them.
Mr. BENTON also opposed the motion. The
increase of the Army was not askt d for (he said)
in consequence of the present Indian wars going
on in the South. It was a permanent increase of
the Aimy, cailid for by the situation of the fron-
tier States, on whose borders the Government
had placed, without their consent, such vast num-
bers of well-armed and well-supplied Indians.
The increase now asked for would not make the
Army as full as it was in 1815, when there was
far It ss occasion for a military force than now.
fir. 13. asked for the yeas and nays on the ques-
tion; which were ordered.
A discussion here followed, in which Messrs.
CALUOUN, PORTER, WRIGHT, BENTON,
nnd PRESTON took part, relative to the addi-
tional expense that would be incurred by the pro-
posed increase of the rank and file of the Army.
Mr. CRITTENDEN supported the motion to
strike out the first section. He considered the
increase of the Army unnecessary to protect the
frontieis against a broken, divided, and down-
trodden race, so far subdued in spirit as to be re-
moved from the homes of their childhood and the
graves of their ancestors without raising a hand.
He denied that there was any probability of a
combination of different tribes, they being' more
likely to quarrel with one another than with the
whites. He thought, too, that an infantry force
would not be available in Indian warfare, and
that the two dragoon regiments now in service ¡
were an nnplc protection. As to sudden out-
brenks, he did not think, such was the Indian
character-, that all the force that could be raised
Would prevent them. He had all his life been
well acquainted in Louisiana and Arkansas, and
he had never heard of a white mini being slain by '
on Indian there: and with the exception of the
IHack Hawk war, there had been no bloodshed in
Illinois and Indiana.
Mr. LINN replied to Mr. Crittenden; and,
fifter a further debate between Messrs. CAL-
HOUN, PORTER, and CRITTENDEN, the
question Was taken on Mr. Clay's motion; «nd
it was rejected— yeas G, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Me.-sr$- Clay, Eiviug of Ohio, Kent, Knijht,
Prentia , and Southard..-^.
ft-vAS-Mttifri. l|euu>a, Qtacin ttrowu, pichanan,,Cal-
houn, Cuthbert, Goldsbo-oiwh. Grutw'y, Hubbard, King of
Alabama, Linn, Mtingum, siorri*, "N cholas, N¡le«. Pase,
Poner, l'rewon. lüvot., Gnbiteoti, Rumies,  Tallmadge,
Walker, Wall, Wi.n , and W right—2o.
Mr. CALHOUN moved to strikeout the sev-
enth and eighth sections uf the bill, providingfor
I an increase of the medical staff, and for the ap-
I pointment of three additional paymasters, on the
ground that bills for this purpose had already
i passed the Senate, and  been sent to the other
House.
I     Mr. BENTON said he would insert a proviso
thai these sections should not take effect pro-
i vided the bills referred to become a law.
i     Mr. CALHOUN then withdrew his motion.
, Mr. PRESTON, after some remarks on the
provisions of the bill increasing the general staff,
mo red to strike them out. He preferred waiting
till the next session of Congress before increas-
ing these branches of the service, when a plan
would be submitted by the Secretary of War,
containing all the information for them to act with
a full understanding of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLAS moved to strike out the sec-
tion giving the franking privilege to the bureaus
of the War Department; and authorizing the
President to equip one regiment of infantry as a
regiment of riflemen; and to direct certain officers
to perform the duties of superior officers who
may be absent. Mr. N. believed that the Presi-
dent possessed these powers already.
This motion was also agreed to, and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading—
yeas 26, nays 8; as follows:                                   '
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown, Buchanan, Cal- ,
noun, Cutiib.'rt, Gold boroujii, Hendricks, Hubbard, King
ol'Alabama, Ring of Georgia, Linn, Nicholas, Pa c, porter,
Preston, Hives, Bobiuson, Uuggles, Sheplcv, Tallmadge, ¡
Tipton, Walker, Wall, \Vtute,nnd Wright—23.
N \VS—¡Messrs. Cl.iv, Ciittendcn, Davis, Kent, Knight, '
Southard, Swift, and Tomluis.on~ 8.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM OF ARKANSAS.
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, the bill con-
cerning the judicial system of Arkansas, which
was returned from the House with amendments,
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
BUILDING FOR THE PATENT OFFICE.
On motion of Mr. RUGGLES, the Senate took
up the bill providing for the construction of a
building for the accommodation of the patent
office; and the same having been read,
Mr. CLAY inquired whether there were any
plans and estimates for the proposed building, or
any information to show what description of a
building was to be constructed at so great an ex-
pense as the bill contemplated ?
A discussion then cnsuid between Messrs.
CLAY, and RUGGLES, but, before taking any
question,
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mondav, June 20,183G
Mr. LANE rose and moved a suspension of
the rules, for the purpose of taking up the bill
from the Senate to regulate the deposits of the
public money, so as to make it the special order
of the day for to-morrow, and each day thereaf-
ter, until disposed of. Mr. L. asked for the yeas
and nays on his motion; which wore ordered.
Mr. UALL, of Maine, moved a call of the
House; which was ordered, and proceeded in for
some time, when, on motion of Mr HARPER,
its further proceedings were dispensed with.
Mr. ANTHONY moved toaniend the motion,
by instructing the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to separate the two proposi-
tions embraced in the bill, and to report two bills.
After some conversation between the CHAIR
and Messrs. A. H. SHEPPERD, BELL,
ANTHONY, CAMBRELENG, PHILLIPS,
VANDERPOEL.McCOMAS, DROMGOOLE,
LEWIS, and DENNY,     '
The CHAIR decided the original motion and
amendment to be out of order, on the ground that
the bill must be read a first and second time be- 
fore a motion could he eutertained for its dispo-
sition.
By general consent the bijl vw then taken «Pi
and twice read, the epicstion being on its com-
mitment.
Mr. DICKERSON moved the following in-
structions:
To separate those parts of the bill which regulate the (le-
po- its of the public money in the Slate bank, from Um e
parts which propose n deposit of the surplus money of the
United estate  with the sovcral States, and to report Utos*
propositions in separate billa.
Mr. LANE moved to amend the motion of the
gentleman from New Jersey, as follows:
That the bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the stale of the Union, and made tlie tpecuil order of the
day for to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, and each succeeding
day thereafter until di-poscd of.
Mr. DICKERSON then proceeded to assign
his reasons at length for the motion he made, and
accepted the amendment of Mr. Lane as a modi-
fication of his motion.
Mr. DENNY declared that, if the propositior
of the gentleman from New Jersey should be car-
ried, it would inevitably defeat the bill. That
gentleman in his remarks had argued as though
there were two separate and distinct bills before
the House.   This was not the case.
Mr. McKENNAN did not rise to discuss this
matter, but to appeal to the friends of the bill not
to debate the question, but allow the vote to be
taken.
Mr. SPEIGHT said it would be readily per-
ceived that the bill contained two separate and
distinct propositions. He was in favor of the
first and opposed to the latter, and he was in favor
of having these propositions separated. He did
not consider that it would jeopardize tho bill by
separating these propositions.
Mr. MERCER made a few remarks in oppo-
sition to the instructions. He considered the two
propositions indissoluble.
Mr. LANE said he had submitted the resolu-
tion to have the bill taken up, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, in order
that it might be speedily and finally acted upon.
The first part of the resolution has been adopted,
and the question now is upon the motion of the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Dickerson,]
to have it referred, with instructions that the
committee separate the bill, and report to the
House that part which regulates the deposits in
the State banks, and that portion which provides
for the surplus revenue remaining on hand on the
1st of January next, to be deposited, all except
five millions, in the respective State treasuries, at
a certain per centum.
Mr. L. said he was in favor of both branches
of the bill, and more especially the latter part of
it. It has been argued as a reason why the
instruction moved ought to be adopted, that they
are subjects disconnected with each oilier, and
therefore ought to be disunited. So far from this
being the case, each brauch of the bill provides
for the safe-keeping of the public money; one
provides for keeping a portion in the State banks j
the other in the respective State treasuries. They
are similar in principle; and in fact, both regulate
and provide for the safo and efficient keeping of
the public money. Why, then, ought tliey to be
separated? Will not the public money be as safe
in the State treasury, wi$h the faith of the State
pledged for its safe-keeping and repayment, as in
the State banks, irresponsible in their character,
and often doubtful in point of credit?
Can it be said, that it has been lawful and con-
stitutional for the last two yoars to keep the pub-
lic money in the State banks, in the absence of
all law other than the necessity of the cas.', rest-
ing entirely upon the judgment and discretion of
the Secretary, and that it will now be improper
and unconstitutional to deposit a portion of it in
the State treasuries, in and by authority of law?
The object of the bill is to secure the public
revenue—the money of the people. It contem-
plates a higher security than the deposit banks
for a largo portion of it. The respective States—
the whole people, will he bound for its repayment.
And it matters not whether we order it deposited
in the local incorporated banks, with private
bankers, in the hands of ageuts, or in the State
treasuries, it is but a deposit, and the only object
ought to be its safe keeping, the convenience of
the Treasury, of disbursement, and the interest
and prosperity of the country.
