w&
TUB CONGRESSIQNAJU GLOW.
m
Wln'.c it was a source of extreme regret, to find
bims<.'.f bound to diflYr in opinion with many of
tlniS' v. ,t!i w iioni it bud «men and always would
g.\ 1111  p!i.i;.uK> to ,\a, he had the consolation
to kii w lu.d bih' \t. In. was acting in accordance
w it i vho opinions-, wishes, and interest, of those
whom he liad the honor to represent. No polit-
ical considerations should e\er induce him to
violate the one, or disregard the other.
Mr. L. said it could not ha\e escaped the at-
tention of honorable gentlemen, that «e had in-
tiodueed a resolution in the early part of the
session, in substance the same as the bill now
under consideration.
To conclude, (Mr. L. said,) he trusted that the
bill would be adopted as a whole, after some
trilling amendments, which, if no one else would
o tier, lie should himself propose to the committee.
Mr. PARKER said an important measure like
this should go to the Committee of the Whole
uninumiulcu. He ditlend with his colleague,
thai the bill contained two distinct, separate
piopositions.
Mr. CALHOUN, of Massachusetts, called for
a division of the question on the instructions.
Mr. SMITH was in favor of the motion to
commit, but he hoped the second branch of the
instructions would be rejected. He had heard
no valid reason yet offered why the propositions
should be separated. He entered somewhat at
large into the merits of the whole bill.
Mr. MANN, of New York, considered the
debate, nt this stage of the question, premature,
and he hoped the friends and enemies of the bill
would permit the question to be taken without
much further debate. He then offered the follow-
ing as a substitute for the instructions of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey:
To commit it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the I'mou, with i.u lruction , when they report the
mn" to the Houjje. to -ciwraie the provisions üiereot, so as
to make two distioct bilis, as follows, to «it: by sinking
iberelroro alia ter iheenacungclause contained in tbe first,
second, UmU, lourtli, null, sixth, ¡.event , eighth, ninth,
tenth, eleventh, and rutin!) sections thereof, and reporting
Uic remainder of >aid bill from the Senate to the House as
one b,ll, and tbctaJd first,second, third, fourth.fiiib,sixth,
seventh, eighth, mnUi, tenth, eleventh, and twelfth sections
so stricken out, Willi an enacting cliiue prefixed thereto,
in another dutiuet am! separate bill, with such other amend-
ments to each of taut bills as the said committee may deem ¡
expedient.
Mr. ADAMS hoped gentlemen would with-
draw their instructions. He considered instruc-
tions to the Committee of the Whole to be out of
order. Mr. A. considered that there oug-ht tobe
greater restrictions put upon the deposit banks
than those contained in this bill. He did not
agree that there ought to be a separation of the
different propositions in the bill. Mr. A. went
at some length into tbe merits of the bill.               :
Mr. PATTON concurred in the views of the
gentleman from Massachusetts.   He was opposed
to a separation of the two propositions in tins ,
bill.    If the bill of the Senate was separated in I
this way, he wished to know which portion of it
was to be sent back to the Senate as their bill ? |
Mr. P. was not to be governed in his vote by the
opinions of the Executive, which liad been allu-
ded to in this debate.
Mr. DiCKERSON explained He agreed with
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Pattojí,] in
his views in relation to the opinions of the Exec-
utive; but he considered it important that this
bill should be put in such condition as not to be
subject to the veto of the Executive.
Mr. PATTON then went into an argument of
some length to show that the propositions of this
bill should not be separated, but that it should go ,
to the Committee of the Whole untrammeled by
any instructions.
Mr. DICKERSON then.accepted the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from New York [Mr-MAim]
as a substitute for the one offered by him.
Mr. VINTON contended that the proposition
of the gentleman from New York, which was
accepted by the gentleman from New Jersey, was
not in order, because it would be separating the
Senate bill, and making two. original buls out of
the Senate bill; he niaije <■&'« a.point of order.
The CHAIR said, as a question of ord«, he
could not decide; ii was with the House to decide,
Mr. LEWIS called for the yea* and Ofy«on
the motion to commit to the Cqmmittea of the
Whole on the state of the Union; which were not
ordered.
The question on commitment was then taken,
and decided in the affirmative.
Mr. MERCER then called for a division of the
question, so as to take the vote on the instructions
offered by Mr. Mann first.
Mr. HEISTER called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and were—yeas ¡)G, nays
1:20; as follows:
VEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Ash, Barton, Beale, Bean, t
Beaumont, Bockee, Boo , llouldin, Bovce, Bojd, Broun,
Buchanan, Burn", Bjnuin, Cambrcleng, Clinney, Chap-
man, Chapín, John F. H. Claiborne, Coles, Cramer, Cush-
roan, Dickorson, Dickson, Dromgoolp, Dunlap, Eflher,
Fairfield, Farhn, French, William K. Fuller, GalbraiUi,
James Garland, Gillct, Haley, Joseph Hall, Hamer,Hanne-
gan, Albert G. Harrison, Hawkins, llaynes, Howard, Hub-
ley, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, Jabei Jackson, Jar-
vis, Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson, John VV. Jones,
Judson, Lansing, Gideou Lee, Joshua Lee, Leonard, Loy-
all, Lucas, Abijah Mann, John Y. Mason, William Mason,
Moses Mason, Slav, McKay, McKeon, McKim. McLene,
Miller, Moore, Muhlenberg, Page. Parks, Franklin Pierce,
Phelps, Joseph Reynolds, ltonrra, Rogers, Seymour, Shields,
ShuiB, Sickles, Speight, Sutherland, Taylor, Thomas, John
Thomson, Touccy, Towns, Turril!, Vandcrpoel, Wagener,
Ward, Wardwcll, Weeks, and Thomas T. Whittlesey—U6.
\.\YS—Messrs. Adams. Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Ashley, Bayley, Bell, Bond, Bordea, Brigs , Bunch, John
Calhoon, William B. Calhoun, Campbell, Carr, Carter,
Ca ey, George Chambers, John Chambers, Childs, Nathan-
iel II- Claiborne, Clark, Connor, Corwin, Craig, Crane,
Cu«hing, Darlington, Davis, Deberry, Denny, Evans, Ever-
ett, Forester, Fowler, Fry, Piulo C. Fnller, Rice Garland,
Granger, Graves, Grayson, Grennell, Griffin, Hiland Hall,
Hard, Hardin, Harper, Samuel S. Harrison,Hawes, Hazel-
twe, Henderson, Heister, Hoar, Hopkins, Howell, Hunt,
Ingersoll, William Jackson. Janes, Jenifer, Joseph John-
son, Henry Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kilgore, Kinnard,
Lauc, Laporte, Lawlcr, Lawrence, Lav, Thomas Lee.
I.uke Lea, Lewis, Lincoln, Logan, Love, Lyon, Job Mann,
Sampson Mason, Maury, McCarty, McCoruas, McKennan,
Mercer, Milligan. Montgomery, Morgan, Morris, Parker,
Patterson, Patton, Dutee J. Pearce, James A. Pearce, Pey-
ton, Phillips, Pickens, Potts, Bead, Rencber, John Rey-
nold , Ripley, Robertson, Russell, William B. Shepard,
Augustine U. Shepperd, Slade, Smith, Snangler, Standefer,
Storer, Taliaferro, Underwood, Vinton, Washington, Web-
ster, White, Eli*ha Whittlesey, Lewis Williams, Sherrod
Williams, and Wise—120.
So the motion was decided in the negative.
The question being- next on that part of the
motion making the bill the special order of the
day for to-day, at twelve o'clock, and every suc-
ceeding day thereafter till disposed of,
Mr. HEISTER moved to amend the amend-
ment by making the bill the special order for the
residue of this day; which amendment Mr- Dick-
erson accepted as a modification of his motion.
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved to amend the
resolution, so as to make the bill the order of the
day for to-morroic, at twelve o'clock, instead of
to-day, for the purpose of finally disposing of the
fortification bill, which was engrossed, and was
ready for a third reading; and upon cries of "No,
no, no, "from some quarters of the House, Mr. V.
3aid, if gentlemen were determined to make dis-
tribution before the necessary appropriations
were made, he could not help it, but he would
insist upon his motion.
Mr. McKAY was in favor of this amendment,
and called for the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered ; and were—yeas 113, nays 106; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ash, Barton, Beale, Bean, Beau-
mont, Bockee, Boon, Borden, Bouldin, Bovee, Brown,
Buchanan, Burns, Bynum, Cambreleng, Chaney, Chapman,
Cliapin, John F. H. Claiborne, Cleveland, Coles, Cramer,
Custunan, Dickeraon, Dickson, Doubleday, Dromgoole,
Dunlap, Effner, Fairfield, Farlin, Fowler, French, Fry,
William K. Fuller, Galbraith, James Garland, Gillet. Haley,
I Joseph Han, Uamer, Albert G. Harrison, Hawkins, Haynes,
Hopkins, Howard, Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, Jabez
Jackson, Jams, Joseph Johuson, Richard M. Johnson, Cave
Johnson, John W. Jones, Benjamin Jonee, Judson, Lapo,
Lansing, Gideon Lec^Joshua Lee, Thomas Lee, Leonard,
Logan, Loyall, Lucas, Abijah Mann, Job Mann, John Y.
Mason, William Mason, Mows Mason, Mas', McKay, Mc-
Keon, McKim, McLene, Miller, Moore, Morgan, Muhlen-
berg, Owen . Page, Parks, Patton, Franklin Pierce, Dutee
i. Pearce, Phelps, Joseph Reynolds, Ripley, Rogers, Sey-
mour, Shields, Shinn, Sickles, Smith, Speight, Sutherland,
Taylor, Thomas, John Thomson, Toucey, Towns, Turnll,
Underwood, Vanderpoel, Wagener, Wart  Wsudwell,
Week , Thomas T. Whittlesey, and aiterrod Williams—
U3-  '
NAYS—Messn. Chilton Altan, Heman Allen, Anthony,
AabfeF, Bailor, Be") Bond, Boyd, Bnggs, Bajieh, John Cal-
hoon, William B. Calhoun,CampbeH,Carr, Carter, Casey,
George Chambers, John Chambers, Child*, Nathaniel II.
Claiborne, dark, Connor, CráTg, Crane, Cashing, Darling-
ton, Davis, Deberry, Dennv, Evan , Everett, Forester,
Millo C. FuHer, «Ice Garland, Granger, Graves, Grayson,
Grease , Griffin, Hihuid Hall, Hanntgnu, Hard, Hardin,
Harlan, Harper, Saamel 8. Harri om Hawes, Hascltme,
Henderson, H*i Vir, Hear, Howell, Hubley, Hunt, luger.
soil, William Jackson, Janes, Jenifer, Haiiry Johnson,
Kinnard, Laporte, Law ler, Lawrence, Lay, Luke Lea,
I.ewi«, Lincoln, Love, Lyon, Sampson Mason, Maury,
McCarty. McCoiiias, McKennan, Mercer, Milligan, Mont-
gomery, Morris, Parker, Pattefton, James A. Pearce. Pey-
ton, Phillips, Pickens, Pinckncj, Potts, Reed, Rencher,
John Remold , Roane, Robertson, Russell, Srlienck, Au-
gustine II. Shepperd, Sladc, Spanuler, Stnndi>fer, Storer,
Taliaferro, Vinton, Washington, Webster, White, Ehsha
Whittlesey, Lewis WiHiams, and Wise—106.
So the ameridrnent was agreed to.
Mr. DUNLAP moved to amend the motion by
making the House bill to regulate the deposits
of the public money in the State banks the spe-
cial order with the Senate bill; which amendment
was negatived.
The motion of Mr. Dickerson, asamended,was
then agreed to; and said bill was committed to a
Committee of the Whole on the state of tbe TJuion,
and made the special order of the day for to-mor-
row and each succeeding day, at the hour of twelve
o'clock, until disposed of.
PETITIONS PRESENTED.
Mr. ADAMS, by leave, presented the petition
of William Otis, formerly a colleotor at Barnsta-
ble, Massachusetts, which he moved to refer to
a select committee, with power to send for per-
sons and papera.
Mr. HARDIN moved to refer it to the Com-
mittee of Claims; which was agreed te.
Messrs. EVANS, PULLER of New York,
WASHINGTON, and McKIM, presented peti-
tions by leave.
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. THOMAS, from the select committee on
the District banks, made a report, accompanied
by a bill to extend the charters of certain banks
in the District of Columbia to the 4th of March,
1837; which bill was read twice and committed.
UNITED STATES  COINS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmittinga report from the Comptroller of the
Treasury in relation to the coins of the United
States; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
COLONEL RICHARD GEIDNEY.
On motion of Mr. BAILEY, by leave, it was
Retohcd, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting
commutation pay; half pay, bounty or other compensation
to the legal representatives of Colonel Richard GeMney, late
of Massachusetts, for his services as an engineer ami com-
mander pf artillery in the revolutionary war.
I                   BANK ACCOMMODATIONS.
I     Mr. HUNT, by leave, submitted the following
1 resolution:
Resoli erf, Tliat a select committee be appointed, with
power to «end for persons and papers to inquire whether
any member or mein bers of Congress, head or heads of De-
partments, or any other olficer of the Government, have
I received any accommodaiio.i or facilities from any person
I or persons, hank or banks in the employment of the Gov-
ernment or not, in obtaining thetise of the public money,
for the purpose of speculating in «he purchase of the public
lands.
After some inquiries from Mr. LEWIS and
Mr. McKAY,
Mr. BOULDIN said that he had made the
first objection to this resolution being introduced;
and, at the suggestion of a friend, had withdrawn
it. He would take this occasion to say he had
never borrowed a cent of money of a bank in his
i life. How the drawing of his pay here was con-
ducted, or might appear in the bank, he did not
know. He knew he had never been behind for
his pay to the amount of a cent. He had heard
rumors of members having had money from a
certain other bank which was, or is—and having
had printing and other things at its expense. 1 o
such rumors he paid no attention. He did not
care how far they went with the mvesUgtition.
He had no interest in it; but he thought it use-
less, fruitless, and rather prying into people s
private affairs, than doing the public service
Aftersomefurthcrremarksby Messrs. JHUIS 1,
ADAMS, LEWIS, BOON, and PEARCE of
Rhode Island,                                    .            „„,:__.
Mr SPEIGHT moved the previous question,
which was seconded-aycs.87, ^«o  «¡""™:
The main question was thftii.ordered to be put
without a division.
