S7€
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
June 21,
The main question, which was on agreeing to
the resolution, was then put, and decided in the
affirmative without a division; and the select com-
mittee was ordered to consist of five members.
THE DEPOSIT BANKS.
Mr WISE moved a suspension of the rule for
the purpose of taking up the resolution offered by
Mr. Dromgoole some time since, calling on the
Secretary of the Treasury for information in rela-
tion to the deposit banks, together with his amend-
ment thereto, and called for the yeas and nays on
his motion; which were ordered; and were—yeas
101, nays 59, not two thirds.
So the motion to suspend was decided in the
negative.
The hour of half past two o'clock having ar-
rived, the House, in pursuance of a former order,
took a recess.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. ADAMS, by general consent, submitted
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this Hou«e be directed to
canse to be printed, for the use of tl>e House, one thousand
copies of the constitutions of all the States of tins Union,
toseiiier with the se\ oral alterations and amendments of the
same adopted from tin; Declaration ofIndependence to the
pa-sent time.
Mr. GRAVES moved to lay the resolution oh
the table.
After a few remarks from Messrs. ADAMS,
GRAVES, and HUNT,
The motion to lay on the table was negatived—
yeas 24, nays 64.
PETITIONS PRESENTED.
Petitions were presented, by leave, by Messrs.
PARKER, WISE, WHITTLESEY of Connec-
ticut, and TALIAFERRO.
SENATE BILLS READ.
The following bills from the Senate were then,
by general consent, read twice and committed:
An act in addition to an act making appropria-
tions for the support of Government for the year
1836;
An act to authorize the Executive Council of
Florida to sell certain kinds;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Nathaniel Shaver, deceased;
An act to discontinue the land offices at Woos-
ter and Stcubenville, in the State of Ohio;
An act to amend an act entitled " An act au-
thorizing the laying off a town on Bean river, in
the State of Illinois, and for other purposes;"
approved the 5th of February, 1829;
An act to amend an act to grant certain relin-
quished and unappropriated lands in the State of
Alabama, for the purpose of improving the nav-
igation of the Tennessee, Coosa, Cahnwba, and
Black Warrior rivers;
An act laying off the town of Fort Madison
and Burlington, in the county of Des Moines,
and the towns of Belleview, Dubuque, and Peru,
in the county of Dubuque, Territory of Wis-
consin, and for other purposes;
An act to promote the progress of the useful
arts, and to repeal all acts and parts of acts'here-
tofore made for that purpose;
An act for the location of a railroad in Florida,
through the public lands;
An act to authorize the location of a railroad
from Mobile to the bay of Pascagoula, through
die public lands;
An act for the relief of Don Carlos Dehault
Delassus;
An act for the relief of Sarah Angel, and the
otlier lieirs-at-law of Benjamin King, deceased;
and
An act for the relief of the trustees of common
schools in the State of Mississippi.
AGENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
The House concurred in the amendment of
the Senate to the bill authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to act as the agent of the United
States in all matters relating,to the Government
stock in the Bank of the United States.
STATE CONSTITUTIONS.
The House then took up the resolution of Mr.
ADAMS, to print copies of the constitutions of
the different States.
Mr. CHAPÍN offered an amendment to include ;
" the Constitution of the United States, and the
Articles of Confederation;" which amendment
Mr. A. accepted.
After a few remarks by Mr. ADAMS,
Mr. HARDIN moved to lay the resolution on
the table, and called for the yeas and nays on his
motion; which were not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table was then de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 69, nays 56.
FORTIFICATION BILL.                        I
The bill making appropriations for certain for-
tifications of the United States for the year 1836
was read a third time, and passed.                           i
After some conversation between the CHAIR,
Messrs. SMITH, SUTHERLAND, VINTON,
HOWARD, CAMBRELENG, MERCER, and
MASON of Virginia, as to whether there were
now any bills before the House which came un-
der the special order of the 26th of January,
The CHAIR put the question to the House,
and it was decided without a division that the
operation of the above special order does not
apply to any bills now before the House.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.                        j
The bill amendatory of the act for the contin-
uation of the Cumberland road was then taken
up on its third reading.
After some remarks by Messrs. CRANE,
KINNA RD, PE ARCE of Rhode Island, BOON,
MASON of Ohio, VINTON, and WEBSTER,
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved the previ-
ous question; but, at the request of several mem-
bers, withdrew the motion.
Mr. MASON, of Ohio, then asked for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill; which were
ordered; and were—yeas 79, nays 88.
So the bill was rejected.
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, the House then
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 21, 1836.
Mr. McKEAN presented certain resolutions
adopted by the General Assembly of the State of
Pennsylvania, asserting principles fundamental
of free Governments, and expressive of their dis-
approbation of the proposition to invest the sur-
plus  revenue  in stocks  of the States, and de-
claring that the only just and safe mode of dis- ;
posing of it is to distribute it among the States.
The resolutions were read, laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
REPORTS  FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which had been
referred the bill to increase the compensation of
the postmaster at Jackson, Mississippi, made an
unfavorable report thereon.
Mr. McKEAN, from the Committee on the
Contingent Fund, which had been instructed to
ascertain the documents that would be required,
and the probable expense of printing the same,
showing a connection between the District of Co-
lumbia and the United States; the purchase of
the lands therein by the Government from the
original proprietors; the adoption and execution
of the plan of the city of Washington, and the
erection of the public buildings thereon; the laws
passed by Congress in relation to the said Dis-
trict; and such papers of a public character as
relates to the connection of the said District with
the Government of the United States, made a spe-
cial report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. McKEAN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, made a favorable report on a bill from the
House of Representatives,entitled" Anact grant-
ing pensions to certain persons therein named;"
and also an unfavorable report on the bill from
the House for the relief of Robert McBride.
Mr. .TOMLINSON, from the CommiiWe on
Pensions, reported on several bills from the House
without amendment.
ENFORCEMENT OF THE LAWS.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which had been referred the amend 
ments of the House to the bill to provide for the
execution of the law* of the United States in the
State of Michigan, made a report thereon, recom-
mending the Senate to amend the first amend-
ment, and recede from the second amendment.
The first amendment of the House reduced the
salary of the district judge from $2,000, as fixed
by the Senate, to «1,500.
Mr. CLAYTON proposed to amend by making
it $1,800.
After some remarks from Mr. EWING, of
Ohio, in opposition to the report, and from Mr.
CLAYTON in its favor,
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the bill and
report were laid on the table.
RESOLUTIONS  SUBMITTED.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be instructed to
report to the Senate at the next session of Congress the
entire amount of emolument received by each and every
postmaster, whether provided for by law or ari-ing from
bores or any other cause connected in any way with his
office, designating the amount accruing to each from boxes,
and the amount charged for each box.
Mr. SOUTHARD submitted the following
resolution; which was considered, and agreed to:
Roohed, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire whether the joint resolution of the 13th
of February, 1835, respecting the presentation of a gold
medal to George Croghan, and a sword to certain other offi-
cers, has been executed, and whether any further provisions
on the subject be necessary.
CLAIM OF HUMPHREY MARSHALL.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to take up the
report of the Committee on Pensions, adverse to
the petition of Humphrey Marsh all, of Kentucky.
Mr. C. offered the following amendment: to
strike out after the word " Resolved" the words,
" that the prayer of the petitioner ought not to be
granted," and insert, " that the petitioner is not
entitled to pensions or allowances under both the
acts of Congress of 7th of June, 1832, and 5th of
July, 1832, but that there was no power in the
accounting officers of the Treasury to detain the
sums becoming due on pensions accruing to reim-
burse sums erroneously paid on the other."
A discussion ensued on this amendment, in
which Messrs. CRITTENDEN, TOMLINSON,
WHITE, and LINN, took part; when
Mr. C. said he must ask for a division of the
question, as he could not vote for the first braneh
of the resolution, believing that the petitioner was
entitled to both pensions.
A division was accordingly ordered; and the
question being taken on the first branch of the
amendment, it was carried by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Clay, Cuthbert, Ewing of Ohio, Golds-
borough, Grundy, Hendricks^ Hubbard, Kent, King of Al-
abama, King of Georgia, Knight, Linn, Mangum, McKenu,
Morris, Niles, Paje, Prentiss, Kobbins, Robn^on. Ruggles,
Sheplev, Swift, Tomlinson, Walker, Wall, White, and
Wright—08.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Brown, Crittenden, Nicholas,
Porter, and Rives—6.
The question was thep taken on the second
branch of the amendment; and it was rejected—
yeas 15, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Clay, Clayton, Crittenden,
Goldsborough, Hendricks, Hubbard, Kent,Linn, Nicliolas,
Niles, Porter, Robbins, Webster, and White—15.
NAYri—Messrs. Black, Brown, Cuthbert, Davis, Ew 
ing of Ohio, Grundy, Kent, King of Alabama, Knight, Mc-
Kean, Mangum, Morris, Page, Prentiss, Uives, Robinson,
Ruggles, Shepley, Swift, Tomlinson, Walker, Wall, and
Wngbt-23.
The report of the committee was then con-
curred in.
REORGANIZATION   OF   THE    POST    OFFICE
DEPARTMENT.
The bill to change the organization of the Post
Office Department was read the third time, and
passed.
RECRUITS FOR THE ARMY.
The bill to increase the present military peace
establishment of the United States was afso read
the third time, and passed.
ORGANIZATION OF THE NAVY.
The bill for organizing the navy of the United
States was taken up, and read the second time,
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LINN inquired what would be the addi-
tional expenditure by the proposed increase of of-
ficers and with the additional grades r
Mr: SOUTHARD renlied that it would be
