1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL«GLOBE.
'571
dilñculi to answer the question put by the honors-
bio Senator from Missouri. Some grades hitherto
unknown to the service wore added, and conse-
quently llii" oouipt nsuuoi's had not been provided
tor, it being the opinion ot the Naval Committee
that the bill for the organization of the Navy
should be kept separate from the pay of its
officers. The increased expense,however,would
not be great; but, if this bill passed, it would
then be necessary to pass a bill fixing the pay of
the increased grades.
The objtct of the bill was for the first time to
give an organization lo the Navy, as there was
no law fixing the number of its officers, their
rank, or prescribing the mode of passing from
one rank to another, although the Navy had
been forty years in existence. There was, also,
no other authority by which officers came into
the Navy but the appointment of the President
and the confirmation of the Senate. The Pres-
ident might to-day appoint one hundred captains,
and the Senate mi^ht confirm them, and there
would be no law violated. The first feature in
the bill was to fix the time and description of
persons to come into the Navy, winch was now
a matter of executive di^eielion. A lad, if he
comes into the Navy as a midshipman, if he be-
haves himself, becomes, in process of time, a
captain, though there is no law by which he is
appointed. Children at thebreasthad been known
to be appointed as midshipmen, as also men of
twenty-four or twenty-five years of age.
The committee thought it better to regulate by
law the age at which boys should enter the Navy,
and had fixid it at betwee.i the ages of fourteen
and eighteen: though ¡t was proper to observe
that tins was the rule at present existing in the
Navy on that «ubject. It was also provided that
the midshipmen shall be taken from all the States
of the Union as nearly as possible, in equal pro-
portions, so that every State shall feel an equal
interest in the Navy. Two or three additional
grades were put into the bill, through which the
midshipman is to pass, in order that he may be
well acquainted wilh every branch of the service
by the time he comes to command a vessel.
Mr. SOUTHARD then explained the princi-
ples on which the officers of the Navy are to be
promoted. With regard to the non-combatant
officers, it was difficult to fix their rank by law,
and that matter was therefore very appropriately
kit, for the present, to the Executive.
It would be proper for him to say something
with regard to the grade of admiral, created by
this bill, which had not heretofore existed in the
service. The bill proposed to create the addi-
tional grades of admirals, * ice-admirals, and rtar-
admirals, with this limitation, that there shall not
be appointed more than a certain number of them.
He knew that there were difficulties existing
•bout this grade. There were feelings which
were always brought into operation when admi-
rals were mentioned. They were assimilated to
an order of nobility, because the same rank was
held by many noblemen in the British naval
service. Cut «each ought not to be the feelings in
this country, for the grade of admiral was con-
nected with our revolutionary history. The first
resolutions of the revolutionary Congress on the
subject of a navy was, to create admirals. But
what was there in this rank to excite so much
jealousy? It was nothing more than the rank of
brigadier general; and what difference was there
between a brigadier general at sea, and a briga-
dier general on land ? There was no more a title
of nob.hty in one than in the other. It was
merely the creation of additional offices, because
the creation of additional services demanded it.
It was in vain to talk of managing fleets and
squadrons, commanded by a eaptaiti of the same
grade with those commanding the other vessels
in it. Every principle of discipline forbade it.
There was a necessary intercourse between our
ships and those of foreign nations. We had
now a Navy which was respectable, and we must
give to that right arm of the defense of the coun-
try, whatever was necessary for its discipline and
efficiency. This they must and ought to do.
When our vessels are abroad, their commanders
meet with officers commanding the vessels of for-
eign Powers of a higher rank than themselves,
and they feel, of course, mortified at the differ-
ence. Why should this be so ? Should ©Or ves-
sels serve in a combined squadron with those of
foreign Powers, our flag must be degraded. Why
should it be so ? If there was ever a time when
the grade of admiral should be created in the ser-
vice, that time had now arrived. There were l
men in the Navy who had been to sea for twenty
years. Mr. S. here paid a handsome compliment
to the skill and gallantry of the officers of the
Navy, contending that this additional rfink was
due to them, as wall as to the best interest;: of the
service. Under all circumstances, to do justice
to our officers, and to make the Navy whose in-
terests all had so deeply at heart, efficient as well
as respectable, he hoped that the whole bill would
pass.
Mr. BUCHANAN had not supposed that,
within a week or ten days of the end of the ses-
sion, this bill would be taken up with the purpose
of seriously acting on it. It was a matter of deep
importance, and required mature consideration;
and, as the Senate was thm, he thought that it
had better be postponed. He did not mean to be
understood as saying anything in disparagement
of the officers of the Navy. Their country owed
them a deep debt of gratitude, and their skill and
gallantry would do honor to any service. But,
for considerations of this kind, ought they to be
humed into a measure of such great importance
at this late period of the session, when there was
no time allowed for sufficient discussion or in-
vestigation .' In order to have some idea of the
importance of this bill, he would compare the
number of officers it provided for with the num-
ber now in the Navy. We have now (said he)
thirty-nine captains, and instead of them this bill
proposed fifty-five captains, nine commodores,
and seven admirals. We have now forty masters
commandant, and this bill proposes to increase
the number to seventy-five; so that this bill will
make the number of admirals, commodores, cap-
tains, and commanders, one hundred and forty-
six. We have now two hundred and fifty-eight
lieutenants; and, under this bill, there will be
three hundred and fifty-eight first and second
lieutenants—adding one hundred. The passed
midshipmen were much more numerous at pres-
ent than was proposed by the bill. He would
say nothing more as to this part of the bill. It
was sufficient to show its importance, and the
impossibility of treating it properly at this late
period.
At the last night of the last session they passed
a bill increasing the pay of the officers of the Navy;
and he never gave a vote with more reluctance
than he did when he voted against that bill. Sub-
sequent reflection, however, had confirmed his
con\ictions of the propriety of thp vote he gave
on that occasion. He expressed his opinions
then, and he thought now, that the pay of the
highest officers, considering the expenses they
were subjected to on foreign stations, was fixed
too law, while that of the intermediate grades
was too high. The pay of the midshipmen, if
tbey had any inclination for dissipation, was
enough to ruin them. He stated his. objections
then, but was overruled by the arguments of the
Senator from New Jersey, who contended, as
now, that it was to secure the discipline and
efficiency of the Navy.
For one he was not disposed to give his vote on
so important a measure as this at this late period
of the session.   It was obvious that it could not
Cass both Houses without occasioning much de-
ate; and the session was -too far advanced now
to engage in It. In order to try the sense of the
Senate, he would move to lay the bill on the
table; and if thin motion should not prevail he
would then offer some amendments,
i After a few additional observations from
i Messrs. SOUTHARD and BUCHANAN, the
question was taken, and the bill was kid' on the
table by the following vote:
YEAS — Mesura. Brows, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay,
Csthbert, Hendricks, Habbstd, King of Alabama, Kim; of
Georgia, Mangum, Page, Kivea, Robuwoa, Rqggle*, Shep-
lcy, Tipton, Wliitg, and Wright—18.                           .
JfAYB—Meimr . Bayard, Benton, Black, Dnvi", Ewing
of Ohio, GoMpbomagh, Kent, Knight, Leigh, Linn, Nicho-
ls , Preston, Bobbins, Southard, Swift, and Webstar—15.
BILLS ORDERED TO A   THIRD READING.
The following bills were oererally read the
second time, and considered os irr Céttimittee of
the Whole, and ordered to a third reading:
A bill in addition to the act for the relief of
James L. Cathcart;
A bill to provide for the issuing of a land pat-
ent to Thomas B. Clark;
A bill for the relief of Charles M. Frazier;
A bill to provide for the moral and religious
instruction of the Army of the United States;
A resolution referring the petition and papers
of the heirs of Robert Fulton to the Secretary of
the Navy, to report thereon to Congress;
A bill for the relief of Henry Stoddard;
A bill regulating the terms of the superior
court of the United States in the middle district
of Florida, and for other purposes;
A bill confirming claims to lands in the State
of Louisiana;
A bill for the relief of William P. Rathbone;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Cooper;
A bill for the relief of George Gott and others;
. A bill for the relief of Ebenezer Phillips and
others;
A bill for the relief of George Bender;
A bill for the relief of John Almon and George
Woolsey;
A bill for the relief of Henry Newman and
others;
A bill for the relief of Abraham Forbes; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Nicholas
Lachance and others.
After the confederation of executive business,
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Tuesday, June 21, 1836.
The resolution reported by Mr. Oivens, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, to make the
bill to regulate the deposit of the public money
in certain banks the special order of the day for
a day certain, being the first business in order,
was taken up, and, on motion of Mr. EVANS,
was laid on the table.
Mr. WHITTLESY, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Nathaniel T. Woolsey; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. W., from the same committee, reported
also a joint resolution authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to adjust the élaims of O. H.
Dibble, for services rendered in relation to the
Potomac bridge.
Mr. W., after a few explanatory remarks,
moved its engrossment.
Mr. BRIGGS moved that it be committed to
a Committee of the Whole; which motion was
lost.
After some remarks from Mr. PARKER, on
his motion, the further consideration of the reso-
lution was postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. W. B. SHEPARD, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, reported a resolu-
tion to set apart Saturday next, from ten to one
o'clock, for the consideration of bills on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. GILLET moved to except the bills for the
recharter of the District banks.
After a few words from Messrs. HARDIN,
LANE, and VANDERPOEL,
Mr. GILLET modified his amendment by lim-
iting the exception to the Senate bill for the re-
charter Df the District banks.               ...«,,   w
After a few words from Messrs. HARLAN
and GILLET, the amendment was lost.
Mr. PARKER said he should vote for no more
special orders.                                                        -
The resolution was then, agreed to—aye3 liw,
noes 38.
Mr. PARKS, from the select committee on
patents, reported, without amendment, Senate
bill entitled " An act to promote the progress of
the useful arts, and to repeal alt acts and parts of
acts heretofore made for that purpose; which
was committed.                                              „ ,„
Mr DAVIS asked the consent of the House
to take up and consider the Senate bill making
appropriations for the continuation of the Cum-
berland road in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
i Illinois.
Mr. UNDERWOOD objecting,
