872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juné 21,
Mr. DAVIS moved a suspension of the rule ;
which was lost.
Mr LAY, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported a bill granting a peri-
ston to' Richard Elliott; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported three Senate bills
for the relief of certain surgeons' mates in the
Army of the United States, with a recommenda-
tion thatthey do not pass; which were committed.
Mr. U., from the same committee, also reported
a bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Captain SamuelJones, deceased; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported Senate bill inrelation to a
"•rant of land to the State of Alabama, for the
improvement of the Tennessee, Coosa, Cahawba,
and Black Warnor rivers, with an additional
section, and other amendments.
The amendments were read and concurred in,
and the bill ordered to a third reading this day.
Mr. C, also, from the same committee, re-
ported, without amendment, Senate bill in rela-
tion to the five per cent, school fund in the State
of Alabama; which was committed.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported the Senate bill, with
an amendment, entitled, "An act in addition to
the act making appropriations in part for the sup^
port of theGovernment for the year 1836;" which
was committed.
Mr. CRANE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
certain persons therein named; which was read
twice and committed.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on the
Public Buildings, reported a resolution to set
apart Friday next, at the hour of eleven, for the
consideration of the bill to erect a fire-proof build-
ing for the Departments of the Treasury and
State.
Mr. VINTON moved to include the bill for
the erection of a patent offiee.
Mr. BOON moved to amend the amendment by-
including the bill to reorganize the General Land
Office; which was agreed to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to include the
bill supplementary to the act entitled, "An act
establishing a Mint and regulating the coins of the
United States;" which was agreed to.
Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Mississippi, moved to
include the bill to graduate the price of the public
lands.
Mr. MERCER then moved to lay the whole
subject on the table; which was agreed to.
PUBLIC REVENUE.
Mr. McKAY moved ft sttttpeaaion of the rules,
for the purpose of offering tire following resolu-
tions; which were read:
Retained, That tbe power of taking acmey from the peo-
ple, by laying and collecting dimes, imposts, and excises,
is one of the most sacred of the trusts vested in the General
Government; that it is enforced solely to enable it to com-
mand tbe necessary means to execute the objects for which
it was instituted; and that to exact money from the people
when not necessary for those objects, or wore than muy be
necessary, would be, on the partof the Government, a man-
ifest breach of trust, and to the people unjust and oppressive.
Resolved, That the revenue receivable under the present
laws is. and will be, more than u required for the fair and
legitimate wants of the Government, and that provision
ought to b* made for its reduction.
Ketolvci, Tkat the Secretar* of tbe Treasury report to
tins House, at the commencement of the next session,
what alteration can be made in the existing tariff of duties
consistently with the principles of the several acts imposing
duties upon imports, with a view to reduction.
Remlved, That the Secretary of the Treasury also report
upon the best mode of diminishing the revenue arising from
tile public lands, without retarding the settlements of the
new States or impairing the interests of the General Gov-
ernment, and, generally, his views as to the best mode of
reducing the revenue to toe fair and constitutional wants
of the Government.
Mr. HA WES asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. DENNY moved to lay the whole subject
on the table.
Mr. HA WES asked for the yea  and nays on
that motion; whereupon,
Mr. DENNY withdrew his motion.
The House refused to suspend—yeas 119,
nays 72, (not being two thirds;) as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ash, Barton, Beate, Bean, Beaumont
Bell, Boeker, Boon, Bouldin, Bovee, Boyd, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Bunch, Burns, Cambrcleng, Carr, Carter, Casey,
Cbaney, Chapín, Nathaniel H Claiborne, JohnF II. Clai-
borne, Cleveland, Connor, Ciaig, Cramer. Ciishman, Davis,
Deberry, Dickson, Doubledav, Drom^oole, Effner, Fairfield,
Farlin," Forester, French, Fry, William K. Fuller, Gol
braitli, James Garland, Gillet, Gray-on, Griffin, Haley,
Joseph Hall, Hannegan, Samuel S. Harrison, Albert G.
Harrison, Hawes, Hawkins Hopkins, Howard. Hubley,
Huntington, Huntsman, Ingham, Jabez Jackson, Jams,
Richard M. Johnson, Cave Johnson, John VV. Jones, Ben-
jamín Jones, Kilgore, Kinnard, Lawler, Gideon Lee,
Tilomas Lee, Luke Lea, Leonard, Lewis, Logan, Loyall,
Lucas, Lvon, Abijan Mann, Job Mann, Martin, William
Mason, Moses Mason, Mav, McKay, McKim, McLene,
Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Owens, Page,
Parks, Patterson, Patton, Franklin Pierce, Pettigrew, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Rencher, John Reynolds, Joseph Reynolds,
Roane, Robertson, Shields, Smith, Sickles, Smith, Speight,
Standefer, Taliaferro, Taylor, John Thomson, Towns,
Turril!, Vantlerpoel, Wardwell, Webster, Weeks, and
Whittlesej—119.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Chikon Allan, Hernán Allen,
Anthony, Aililev, Bailey, Bond, Borden, John Calhoon,
William B. Calhoun, John Chambers, Child*, Clark, Cor-
win, Crane, dishing, Darlington, Denney, Dickerson,
E\a s, Everett, Fowler, Piulo C. Fuller, Uice Garland,
Granger,GravesGrennellJIard^IarlanjHarper, Ilazeltine,
Henderson, Hoar, Howell, Hunt, Ingereoll, Janes, Joseph
Johnson, Henry Johnson, Judson, Laae, Laporte, Law-
rence, Lay, Lincoln, Love, Sampson Mason, McCarty,
MeComas, McKeunan, Mercer, Milligan, Morris, Parker,
Dutee J. Pearce, James A. Pearce, Phillips, Potts, Reed,
Russell, William B. Shepard, Slade,Spangler, Storer, Suth-
erland, Underwood, Vinton, Washington, White, Elisha
Whittlesey, Lewis Williams, and Sherrod Williams—72.
Mr. McKAY then gave notice that he should
renew the motion to-morrow morning, and should
also ask leave to introduce a joint resolution pro-
viding for the distribution of the surplus revenue
now in the Treasury.
RIGHT OF "WAT.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the House took up the following bill:
An act to grant to the New Orleans and Nashville Rail-
road Company the right of way through lands of the United
States.
i The question being on the passage of the bill,
I Mr. PARKER suggested that,as Congress had
I the power, so far as this railroad was concerned,
as it could not be constructed without their con-
sent, they ought to introduce a provision in it so
as to provide for the terms and compensation for
carrying the mail on said road. Mr. P. then
moved that the bill be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, with
instructions to the effect he had indicated.
After some remarks from Mr. MERCER in
opposition to the motion to recommit,
Mr. CONNOR moved to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New Jersey by
moving that the bill be referred to the Committee
of the Whole, with instructions to amend the
same by adding thereto a proviso that the said
railroad company be bound to convey the mail
for the same compensation now paid to stage
contractors for similar services.
Mr. PARKER accepted this as a modification
of his motion.
The amendment was opposed by Messrs.
JOHNSON, and GARLAND of Louisiana;
when
Mr. LANE moved the previous question;
which was seconded—81 to 40; and the main
question being ordered, was put, and agreed to.
So the bill was passed.
PETITIONS, MEMORIALS,   ETC.
Petitions and memorials were, on leave, pre-
sented by Mr. EVERETT and Mr. McCARTY.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
In execution of the special order ofyesterday,
the House, on motion of Mr. LANE, resolved
itself into the Com raittee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Sutherland in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of the bill
from the Senate to regulate the deposits of the
public money.
The bill having been read thfoagh by the
Clerk, was taken up by sections.
Mr. DROMGOOLE "moved t  strike out tha
following from the first section:
" And in those States, Territories, or Districts, in which
there are no banks,or in which no bank can be employed
as a deposit bank, and within which the public collections
or disbursements require a depository, the said Secretary
may make arrangements wiih a bank, or hanks, in some
other State, Territory, or District, to establish an agency,
or agencies, in the States, Territories, or Districts, so desti-
tute of banks, as banks of deposit; and to receive through
such agencies such deposits ot the public moncv as may be
directed to be made at the points designated, and to make
such disbursements as the public seiviee may require at
those points; the duties and liabilities of every bank thus
establishing any such agency to be the same in respect to
its agency as are the duties and liabilities of deposit Ix-nks
generally, under the provisions of tins act."
The motion was lost.
Mr. HARRISON moved to insert in the sev-
enth line the following: "with the consent of
such States;" which was lost.
Mr. McKAY moved to strike out the words,
"as banks of deposit," in the following line;
which was lost.
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved to substitute
"ten" for " five" dollars, as the restriction of
the amount of notes to be issued by deposit banks;
which was lost.
Mr. CHAPÍN moved to amend the eighth
clause, which commences as follows:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no bank which
shall be selected or employed as the place of deposit of the
public money shall be discontinued as such depository, or
the public money withdrawn therefrom, except for the
causes hereinafter mentioned—
by inserting, after the word "except," the words,
«' by act of Congress, or."
| After some remarks from Messrs. ADAMS
and CAMBRELENG, the amendment was lost.
Mr. ADAMS moved to strike out from the
same paragraph the words, " or the public money
' withdrawn therefrom;" which was lost.
Mr. OWENS moved to insert, " or shall issue
or pay out notes of a less denomination than five
dollars;" which was lost.
Mr. JARVIS moved to strike out the whole
section; which was lost.
I Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved to
strike out the following from the eleventh section:
" That whenever the amount of public deposits to the
credit of the Treasurer of the United States in any bank
shall, for a whole quarter of a year, exceed the one fourth
part of the «mount of the capital stock of such bank actually
paid in, the banks shall allow, and pay to the United State*,
or the use of tbe excess of the deposits over the one fourth
part of its capital, an interest at the rate of two per centum
per annum, to be calculated, for each quarter, upon tbe
average excesses of thequarter," and insert •• that the said
deposit banks shall allow, and pay to the United States, for
the use of tbe deposits, an interest at the rate of four per
centum per annum, to be calculated for each quarter."
I     The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GILLET moved to strike out the words,
" the banks," in the fifth line, and insert " said
bank."
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to strike out the
whole section, the residue of which was as fol-
lows: (the first part being given above,)
I And it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, at the close of each quarter, to cause the amounts on
deposit in each deposit bank for the quarter to be examined
and ascertained, and to zee that all sums of interest aceru
ing under tbe provision  of this section are, by the banks
respectively, passed to the credit of the Treasurer of the
United States in his accounts with the respective banks.
The motion was disagreed to.
The thirteenth section was then read, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the money which
shall be in the Treasury of the United States on the 1st day
of January, 1837, reserving the sum of $5,000,000, shall be
deposited with the several States, in proportion to their re-
spective representation in the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Congress of the United States; and the
Secretary of the Treasury shall deliver the same to such per-
sons as the several States may authorize to receive it, on
receiving certificates of deposit, signed by the competent
authonues of such State, each for such amount and in such
form as the Secretary of the Trcamry may prescribe, which
shall set forth and express the obligation of the State to pay
the amount thereof to the United States, or their assigns ;
and which said certificates it shall be competent for the
Secretary of tbe Treasury, in the name and behalf of the
United States, to sell and assign, whenever it shall be ne-
cessary, for want of other money in the Treasury, to meet
appropriations made by Congress; all sales and assignments,
however, to be ratable, and in just and equal proportions
among all the States, according to the amounts received by
them respectively; and all such certificates of deposit shall
be subject to, and shall bear an interest of five per centum
per annum, payable half yearly, from the time of such sale
and assignment, and shall be redeemable at the pleasure of
the States issuing tbe same.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to strike
out from the sixth line the words," Senate and;"
so as to leave the proportion according to the
representation in the House of Representatives';
but withdrew it for the present (giving notice thai
