1896.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67%
he should reaew  it,  if the following w«s  not
agreed lo) lo enable
Mr. ANTHONY to move the followinsr as a
substitute for the thirteenth section of the bill -
•-re 13 ,1nd be it farther twitted. That the money
  un ii «ha I tu 11 the Treasury ol the I ruled states on the
urn «lay o, January, 1*^7, re« r\tng the sum o $o,000,000,
shall be ilipo ued with -uili ot Uie -.evenl states in pro
portion to their rt-pcetive npre«eufiuon m the Hou-e ol
Representatives ot the I niled State*, as shall bv law
aiulMxise their treasurers or tlte cocnp*teat aiuiionues
to receive the same on the terms, hereinafter specified,
and tlie Secretar) or the Treasur) shall deliver the same to
such treasurer or other coinptttnt iiithoruie , on reeeiv
ins certificates at deposit thereior, signed bv such compe-
tent authorities, in such ton  as may be prescribed by the
secretory a* >re«jid, vvlueh certificates shall express tlie
u-u u and legal obligations or common depositories of the
public moncv tor the sale keeping and repavment thereof,
and shall pledge the faith ot the States receiving tlie same
to pay uie said moneys and every part thereat, trora tune
to lime, whenever the same shall be required by the Secre-
tan ol tlie Treasurv, for the purpose of di fray in  any v\ ants
ot ilie public Treasury beyond the amount ot the $5,000 000
aforesaid Prwnded, That it any ¡State declines to receive
iu proportion of the surplus atore aul, on the terras be lore
naiued, Uie same may, at Uie discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasurv, be deposited with the other States, agreeing
to accept the same on deposit *3*d provided Jurtker,
1 bat when said money, or anv part thereof, shall be
wanted by the sard secretary to meet appropriations made
bv Itw, the same «ball be called for in ratable proportions
within one vear as nearly as conveniently may be from
toe different States with which the tame is deported, and
shall not be called far in sums encoding $10,000 Iroru any
one State, in any one month, without previous nouce of
thirty da vs for ev erv additional sum of $30,000 w hich may at
any tunc be required
Mr A. proceeded to address the committee at
some length in support of the principles of his
amendment, and he was followed by Messrs.
SPEIGHT, HARDIN, and PEARCE of Rhode
Island, when
Mr. ANTHONY modified his amendment by
inserting " Senate and," so as to read, " accord-
ing to their respective representation in the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives "
After some remarks by Mr. MILLER,
Mr VINTON moved to amend the second
proviso in the amendment by inserttng after the
word " when," the words, " for want of other
money in the Treasury "
After a few words from Mr. LEWIS, the
amendment of Mr. Vintok was negatived—yeas
70, nays 83.
After a few remarks by Messrs. MASON of
Virginia, and GALBRUTH,
Air. MERCER moved to strike out " the rep-
resentation in Congress," and insert " their re-
spective Federal numbers according to the last
census of the United States," which amendment
was negatived—yeas 66, nays 81.
After some remarks by Messrs. MANN of
New York, PATTON, and VANDERPOEL,
The House took the usual recess
EVENING SESSION.
The question pending was the substitute pro-
posed by Mr. Aphony for the thirteenth section
of the bill.
After a debate, in which Messrs. ADAMS,
GRANGER, SPEIGHT, and WISE took part,
Mr. JARVIS moved to amend the amendment
by inserting, after the words, " United States,"
the word " unappropriated," which amendment
was disagreed to without a division.
Mr. ANTHOINY, at the suggestion of Mr.
BR1GGS, modified his amendment by striking
out the words, " common depositories of the Gov-
ernment," and inserting " to pledge the faith of
the State for the safe-keeping thereof "
After a few words by Messrs WISE and
LOVE, Mr. Anthony's substitute for the thir-
teenth section as amended was agreed to—yeas
123, nays 50.
Mr. ADAMS moved to strike out the follow-
ing wodrs in the eighth section:
No bank which shall be selected or employed as the
place of deposit of the public money shall be discontinued
as such depository, or the public money withdrawn there-
from, except lor the causes hereinafter mentioned, that is
toaay—
Which motion was disagreed to,
Mr MANN, of New York, moved to strike
out of the substitute adopted for the thirteenth
section, the words, " the Senate and," so as to
make the substitute read, "in proportion to their
representation in the House of Representatives."
After tome conversation between Messrs,
MANN, MERCER, MILLER, PEARCE of
Rhode Island, and the CHAIR, as to whether
the amendment was in order,
Mr. MANN withdrew it
Mr. RIPLEY moved several additional sections
to the bill providing that no public lands should
be sold, except to actual settlers, for the term of
five years.
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be out
of order
Mr. RIPLEY appealed from the decuion of
the Chair.
After some remarks on the appeal by Messrs.
RIPLEY and BRIGGS, the question was taken,
and the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
the following additional proviso-
ria ¡troiided further, Tim if any State shall issue State
stock, bearing an interest ot five per cent per annum, the
name shall be received by the Secretary of the Treasury m
lieu of the ramble amount ot money due from sueh Slate,
and win n such stock is assigned by the Secretary of Uie
Treasury, it shall bear an interest ol fiv c per cent, and nut
«ooner
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. RENCHER then offered the following as
an additional section:                                                 '
Jlnd teat further enacted. That if the stock held by the
Bank ot the limed States shall uot be sold before the
first ol January next, the money arising from the staid stock,
v. hen sold, «hall be dt posited according to the provisions
of this bill, to wit one fourth pvt upon the sale of said
stock, one fourth part in three months thereafter, one Ibnrth
part six months Uierealtcr, and the balance at the end of
rune months
After a few words by Messrs. RENCHER
and McKAY, the amendment was negatived—
yeas 75, nays 86.
Mr. DOUBLED A Y said.   Mr. Chairman, I
wish toofferaverv few remarks on that part of the
bill which provides for depositing the  surplus
moneys in the Treasury with the several States
of the Union. This is the first opportunity I
have had of addressing the House during the
present session, and differing as I do from many
of my colleagues, I feel the more anxious to- ex-
plain my views to the committee and to my con-
stituents.
I am fully aware, Mr Chairman, of the respons-
ibility I incur by the vote I am about to give on
this question. Never has a sub)cct come before
us more important or more embarrassing than
this of disposing of the surplus revenues Whilst
the safeguards of private liberty remain, nearly
all the good or ill the people can experience from
our legislation will be by the imposition of bur-
dens and the disposition of the public moneys
I am not accountable—the friends with whom I
act, the friends of the Administration, are not
accountable—for the great amount accumulated
beyond the legitimate wants of the Government.
I held a seat on this floor in 1833, when the tariff
question was adjusted. I voted with the friends
of the Administration to reduce the duties pros-
pectively, but rapidly, till the revenue should be
brought down to the expenditures of the country.
We were overruled by the ultra friends and the
ultra opponents of the protective system, who, by
acting together, could control at least one branch
of Congress. To preserve the Union, we were
compelled to assent to a measure which now clogs
our action, and which, being claimed as a com-
promise, prevents our adapting our legislation to
I existing circumstances.
It must be quite evident that no measure will
be adopted by this Congress materially to dimin-
ish the amountof money already in the Treasury;
and unless our appropriations are extravagant,
there will probably be some accumulations till
| the year 1840. The question arises, what shall
we do with this money *   I confess 1 can see no
i plan wholly free from objections.    If we determ-
I irte to leave it in the deposit banks for three or
I four years, they will feel authorized to nse it as
so much capital, and its safety will depend on the
honesty of bank managers, and the prudence and
| success of their business operations. Being men,
in these money-making times some of them may
be tempted to use it for their individual advantage;
and even statesmen, now pure, may, in time, be
drawn in to share the profits. The public money
will then be subject to all the contingencies of
private «peculation, and what ii 'won , will be
the means of corruption more potent than any
that has heretofore existed in this country.
To avoid such results, I would certainly vote
for the most extravagant expenditures, if no bet-
ter plan could be suggested But ought we thus
to waste the money earned and paid by the indus-
trious classes' I think, sir, we should hesitate
befoie we make that our only alternative. It is
said, if this measure be adopted, the people,
through their representatives  will hereafter refuse
the appropriations necessary for national objects.
It may be so, sir; but, on tlie other hand, confi-
dent I am, if it be not adopted, we shall rapidly
run into a system of the most wasteful extrava-
gance.
I have examined this bill with the more atten-
tion, because I have the misfortune to differ fiom
many of my political friends, in whose judgment
and patriotism 1 have great confidence. I hope
they, also, will reflect and discriminate The y
must perceive that the bill, as amended, provides,
not only in form, but in fact, not for a distribu-
tion, but simply for a deposit of the public mon-
eys If it ever results in gratuitous distribution,
it will not be by any action of ours. It can only
happen, in case it shall be so decreed by the peo-
ple, through their representatives hereafter to be
chosen To suppose the people are not to be
trusted, because they may decide wrong, is to
deny their capacity for self-government
As respects the constitutional question involved
in this bill, itis not necessary for me to say much.
That it is as constitutional to deposit our surplus
funds with the States, as with corporations crea-
ted by the States, admits not of a doubt or cavil.
Nor can I doubt that the State governments will
vest the money intrusted ib their care as safely
and advantageously for the people as either this
Government or the moneyed corporations. And
certainly if any profit is to be deuved from atem-
porary use of it, when not wanted for national
purposes, it might as well accrue to the States as
to individuals or corporations.
There is one ground on which I would appeal
to the friends of the Administration We have
discontinued the United States Bank as a danger-
ous institution, and determined to use the State
banks for collecting, transferring, and disbursing
the public revenues. This is peculiarly an Ad-
ministration measuie, and one which has my
hearty concurrence. Now, it must be plain that
leaving money for three or (bur years in the
banks will endanger its safe-keeping. Some of
the bank managers may make large profits by
using the public moneys; others may experience
heavy losses, causing bank failures If a few of
the deposit banks fail, the people will lose con-
fidence in the present system, and in those to
whom it owes its adoption. If a small amount
only be left in the banks, as it will be frequently
called for by the public, they will loan it out only
for shott periods, and losses will probably not
occur, or if they do, the amount will be compar-
atively trifling.
These are a few of my reasons foi supporting
this bill I should like to say much more, but
do not feel justified in longer occupying the time
of the committee at this period of the session.
Mr. BE ALE moved to amend the eleventh
section by inserting after the word "quarter,"
the following:
And that no bank shall possess of the public mosey, at
any tune for more than one quarter of tlie year, a sum
greater than one fourth of its capital stock paid in, and
that it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
make distribution or deposit of such excess in other banks,
agreeable to the provisions of this aot.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then moved to strike out
the 13th, 14th, and 15th sections of the bill,
which amendment was not agreed to.           %
Mr. ASH moved the following as an additional
""¿'lid "e it further enacted hy the authority aforesaid, That
it be recommended to the several States accepting of parts
1 of the public money ns aforesaid, to appropriate toe san 
for the purposes of education.
The amendment was not agreed to,
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the eleventh
section by inserting after the word "Treasurer
i the words *' and other public officers.
I     The motion was not agreed to.
