Ó74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQHB.
June 21,
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, the committee then
rose, and reported the bill, as amended, to the
House.                                                             .
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair, the
bill was then taken up in the House.
Mr. MERCEU then renewed the amendment
which he had offered in Committee of the Whole,
namely: to strikeout, "in proportion to their
representation in the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives,'' and insert, "in proportion to their
respective Federal numbers,according to the last
census."
On this motion Mr. MERCER called for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
After some further remarks by Messrs. VIN-
TON, LANE, MILLER, and MERCER,
Mr. MANN, of New York, offered the follow-
ing as an amendment to the amendment of Mr.
Mercer:
And the respective shares of such deposit with the States
of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Missouri, Illinois, and
Indiana,: hall be increased, respectively ten per cent., in
consideration of the increase of their respective population
since the taking of said census; and in apportioning such
deposits to the new Slates of Michigan and Arkansas, their
Federal numbers shall be taken and deemed to be sixty
tliousand persons.
Which Mr. Mercer accepted as a modifica-
tion, but subsequently withdrew it.
After some further remarks by Messrs.
LEWIS, ASHLEY, and ADAMS, the question
was taken on Mr. Mercer's original motion;
which was decided in the negative—yeas 89, nays
120; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Anthony, Ash, Barton,
Beale, Beaumont, Bockee, Bond, Bouldin, Bovee, Brown,
William B. Calhoun,Cambrcleng, John Chambers, Chapin,
Childs, Coles, Connor, Crane, Denny, Doubleday, Drom-
goole, Effner. Evans, Farlin, James Garland, Gillet, Graves,
llaracr, Harper, Samuel S. Uarrison, Hawkins, Ilazeltine,
Hei.-ter, Hopkins. Howell, Huntington, Jarvis, Joseph John-
son, John \V. Jone«, Lansing, Lay, Gideon Lee, Joshua
Lee, Leonard, Logan,Love, Loyall, Lucas, Abijali Mann,
Job Mann, John V. Mason, William Mason, MuKuj, Mc-
Keon, McKim, McLene, Mercer, Montgomery, Moore,
Morgan, Morris, rage, Patton, Peyton, Pinckney, Potts,
Joseph Reynolds, Itoane, llobcrtson, Rogers, Russell, Wil-
liam B. Shepard, Augustine 11. Shepiperd, Shields, Sickles,
Taliaferro, Taylor, UuUtrwood, Vauderpnel, Vinton, Wag
encr, Ward, Wardwell, Webster, Lewis Williams, Sherrod
Williams, and Wise—E9.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Heman Allen, Ashley, Bailey,
Bell, Coon, Borden, Boyd, Brigg , J'.uclianaii. Bunch,
Burns, John Calhoon, Carr, Carter, Casey, Chancy, Chap-
man, Nathaniel II. Claiborne, John F. II. Claiborne, Clark,
Cleveland, Corwin, Craig, Cramer, Curbing, Cu-hman,
Darlington, Dcberry, Dickerson, Everett, Fairfield, For-
ester, French, Fry, Galbroitb, Rice Garland, Gramland,
Grayson, GreuneU, GiitBn, Haley, Joseph Hall, Ilaitne^aii,
Uaril, Hardin, ilailau, Albert G. Harrison, Hawes, Hender-
son, Hoar. Howard, Ifubley, Hunt, Ifiint.Miian, Inger^oU,
Tngliam. Jabez Jack~on, William Jackson, Janes, Jenifer,
Cave Johnson, Henry Johnson, Richard M. Johnson, Ben-
jamin Jones, Judson, iiilgore, Kiimard, Lane, Laporte,
Lavvlcr, Lawrence, Thomas Lee, Luke Lea, Lewis, Lin
coin, Lyon, Martin,Moses Mason. Sampson Mason, Maury,
May, McCa«y, McCotnas, McKennan, Miller, Milligan,
Muiilenbet , Owens, Parks, Parker, Patterson, Dutec J.
Pcarce, I'raukhn Pierce, James A- Pcaree, Pcttigrew,
Phc'pi, Phillips, Pickens, Reed, Uencher, John Reynolds,
Ripley, Seymour, Shinn, Slade, Smith, Spaneler, Speight,
Staudcfer,Storer, Tlioma , John Thomson,Toucey,Towns,
Washington, White, Klisha Whittlesey, and Tilomas T.
Whittlesey—1-JO.
Mr. LOVE called for the yeas and nays on the
amendment of the Committee of the Whole,
which was the substitute for the thirteenth section;
which were ordered.
At the suggestion of Messrs. MORRIS, and
GARLAND of Louisiana, the House aoncurred
in several verbal amendments to the amendment.
Mr. PARKS then spoke at some length in
opposition to the distribution principles contained
in the bill.
Mr. GILLET then moved to amend the amend-
ment by inserting,after the words "five millions
of dollars," the words, " over and above all un-
expended balances of appropriations,"   .
Mr. G. said he rose to offer an amendment in
which he hoped to have the concurrence of the
House. It was one which had not been discussed
since wc commenced the consideration of this bill.
He well knew the impatience of the House, and
its desire to close its action as speedily as possible
on this interesting bill, and nothing but an impe-
rious sense of duty induced him at this late hour
even to offer an amendment. He must ask the
attention of the House to a short explanation of
the amendment. He proposed to insert after the
words, "five millions of dollars," in the com-
mencement of the amended section, the words,
"over and aboreall unexpended appropriations."
The object, it would be perceived, was to leave in
the Treasury tli£ unexpended appropriations,and
also to keep five millions on hand to meet any
sudden demand for money. If hi* memory served
him rightly, when our sinking fund system was
established, it was then esteemed good policy to
keep in the Treasury a very considerable ajnbuntof
meney over and above the unexpended appropri-
ations. It was then deemed important and proper
to retain on hand, under the control of the exec-
utive branch of the Government, all the appro-
priated money which, by virtue of law, became
substantially pledged to meetthosenppropriations.
If it was good policy then, it must be so now.
He thought the honor and prosperity of the coun-
try, and the public service, required us to retain
in" the Treasury all the moneys which public con-
siderations required us to approprinte. If such
moneys are withdrawn from the ordinary depos-
itories, it may occur that these appropriations
may be wanted when no money can be controlled
by the Treasury Department to meet them. Ought
we to trust to any possible contingencies on this
subject, when the action of the legislative branches
of the Government has set apart certain portions
of our treasure for public purposes ? He believed
that there were now over five millions of dollars
in the Treasury, being unexpended baltiiices of
the last year's appropriations. This sum is liable
to be drawn for at any time, when the proper
evidences are furnished at the Department to
entitle those rendering service to receive it. A
much larger amount remained unexpended on the
1st of January last. It probably amounted to
more than twice that sum, but he could not state
the sum from memory.
The amount of appropriations this year had
boen larger than during the preceding one.    We
I have now actually appropriated, including former
i unexpended appropriations, upwards  of thirty
millions of dollars; and including what we are
[ bound to pay under recent treaty stipulations,
¡ for which appropriations will doubtless be made,
the appropriations will amount to upwards of
I -thirty-seven millions of dollars.    We also liave
before us bills making appropriations for the erec-
tion of a Treasury building; for the erection of
light-houses, and improvements of harbors; for
old Indian annuities; for continuing the Cumber-
land  road; for marine hospitals; for paying to
French and Neapolitan claimants what will be
• coming to them under treaties of indemnities,
j and various other bills appropriating money, in
! all amounting to some twelve or fifteen millions
of dollars,    very many of these bills will doubt-
less pass.. The sums contained in them, added to
those he had just enumerated, amounted to be-
tween forty and fifty millions of dollars.    Now,
he would ásk, how much of those appropriations
would be actually drawn out of the Treasury by
the 1st day of January next? Deduct these sums
from the whole amount which would then be in
| the Treasury, and it had been questioned whether
anything would remain to be placed in the new
depositories.    It was highly probable that the
only money then in the Treasury would be what
had been duly appropriated by law.    Certainly
there could not be a large sum without including
this money.    It was highly probable that of the
appropriated  money some  twenty  millions   or
more would remain in the Treasury at the end
of this year; but the Treasury might, any day, be
called on for the balance of these appropriations.
We were about to leave in it only ¿5,0U0,00U to
meet this large sum. He would ask if it was true
policy to place ourselves in this situation?   Was
it policy to hazard anything on this point?   He
thought it true policy not to be without ample
means to meet our engagements, and hoped that
so fatal a policy as that proposed would not be
entered upon. We were now actually engaged.in
extensive Indian wars, and lie feared the torch
of war would light up the whole Indian region.
We should doubtless have calls for all appropri-
ations which wo had and should make.     He
thought the calls for money on account of these
wars would be very great during the fore part
of the coming year.    The revenue of next year
might not exceed the current expenses of that
year.    Was it wise to charge the revenue of
that year with not only its own expenses, but
also with a refv considerable portion of those
| actually incurred in this? It appeared lo him to
! be quite certain that the #5,000,000 proposed to
be left in the deposit banks would not meet the
outstanding claims arising this year. He would
ask, how are these to be met ?
He was told that all the money overand above
the five millions would be, in the new deposito-
ries, subject to be drawn to meet any deficiency
that might occur in the Treasury. Should the
State treasuries become the agents of the General
Government, and receive whatever should be on
hand beyond the five millions, he hoped they
would honor all drafts made upon them, like other
faithful agents. But was the House aware that,
under the provisions of this section, it was buta
trifling sum that could be drawn per month ? Only
about one million per quarter could be drawn.
This would not meet the outstanding appropria-
tions as fast as they would be called for. It
would take many years to draw from these new
depositories the sum of twenty millions of dol-
lars. The money thus deposited cannot be relied
upon to meet these appropriations, or any other
considerable call upon the Treasury. He then
submitted to the consideration of the House the
propriety of adopting his amendment, and retain-
ing in the Treasury a sufficient sum, at all time*
at command of the Treasury Department, to meet
, all our engagements in a prompt manner. He
i would ask, what objection there could be to leav-
ing these sums in the Treasury ?
Under this bill there was a provision requiring
the deposit banks to pay two per cent, interest
when they had a certain amount of public money
in their vaults.    If a considerable sum were left
with them, they must pay interest, which  had
! heretofore  been  considered, by many, as very
i right and proper; but these new depositories were
not required to pay interest at all.   He then would
. ask, if the section now under consideration made
the State  treasuries merely depositories, in the
ordinary sense of that term, what peculiar ad van-
| tage was to be derived to anybody, in giving the
: State treasuries a preference over the other depos-
itories?    He.cou'1 not imagine any, except that it
might be presumed that these w.is greater safety
in the former than in the latter.    He, could not
imagine any other reason for this preference, un-
less it was true that this soction wa3 to be consid-
ered as actually making a distribution not to- be
returned, of all that should be found in the Trea-
sury on the first of January beyond five millions.
Was it realty a distribution bill?    Has this been
avowed ?    lie would ask in what part of the Con-
stitution was the power to be found which author-
ized Congress to distribute?    If there is any au-
thority for this bill, it must be  under the inci-
: dental power to take care of and keep the public
money.    Then, if both the present and the pro-
posed depositories arc to be merely depositories
, of the public money, why should there be any
particular anxiety to give the one a preference
over the other, so as to place the appropriations
beyond our reach when we wish to uso them?
Ho knew the House were desirous of acting, and
he would not extend his remarks further at the
present time.    He had said all that he deemed
j necessary to  enable   the House  to understand
' why he wished  his amendment adopted.     He
might hereafter, if an opportnnity was allowed
him, go into a discussion of the main question;
i but it was not perhaps proper now to go beyond
' theconsidorationofthe amendment he had offered.
¡ He hoped the House would adopt it..
j     Mr. HAMER called for the yeas and nays on
| the amendment of Mr. Gillf.t; but the House
¡ refused to order them, and the amendment to the
amendment was then negatived.
The question* was then taken on the amend-
ment of the Committee of the Whole, which was
the^ubstitute for the thirteenth section, and de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 142, nays 6G—a 
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Anthonv. Barton, Ber.h ,
Bean, Bell, Bockee. Boon, Borden. Bouldni, Bovee, Boyd,
Bngg-, Brown, Buchanan, Burn.;, Uvuum, John Ca lioon,
William B. Calhoun.Carr,Caspv. John Charob rf. Chancy,
Chapman, Chapín, Nathaniel II. Claiborne. Clark, Cleve-
land, Connor, Corwin. Craig, Cramer, Cu-Jiins, Cu-hmau,
Deberry, Denny. Dickerson, Doubleday, FairíL-Iif. Fa:Ian,
Forever, "French, Fry, Galbrnhh, James Garland, G'ller,
Grantlaiiii, Graves, Grayson, Grennell, Griffin, Haley, Han-
