5?6
THE €ON£K£i£iG?t¿L OD&BE.
Juné fc8.
President r>f the United Stat**, containing his
objections to the bill providing for the future
meeiniss «"«1 adiourniuent* uf Colliress, (lie
auction borne, "^hall this bill puss bv a maionty
oí'two t'urds, as required by the Constitution3 '
AdtUtU t'uii ens-ud, consuming the en nler
«art of ili<" day, in wlu.li M< ssrs CLAYTON",
PRESTON. WEBSTER, RIVES, imARL ,
LEIGH. CLAY, CUTHBERT, CALHOUN,
ajid WALKER, took part; afur whn.li.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, it was laid on
«he table.
FLORIDA BANKS.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate took
up tli' bill to disapprove and annul certain acts
01 th.> Territorial Legislature of Florida, (grant-
ing bank chirtcrs,1 and for other purposes; and
añ r •some remarks from Messrs. WEBSTER
ami HUBBARD, the bill was ordered to be en-
<ro.-^«'ii for a third reading.
TERRITORIAL LAWS OP FLORIDA.
The joint resolution respecting certain acts of
t'lj Territorial Legislature of Florida was also,
aácr some remarks from Messrs. WEBSTER
a-id HUBBARD, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
After the consideration of executive business,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wíonejdat, Juné 22, 1636.
Mr. ADAMS, on leave, presented the protest
of certain Cherokee chiefs against the treaty
made with that tribe; which was committed to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCTHERLAND moved a suspension of
the rules for the purpose of offering the following
resolution:
Raoltei, That this Hniwc will proceed to the considera-
tion of t)ie harbor bill, toe light house bill, and the bill in
relation to the Cumberland road, at twelve o'clock tins
a.i), and continue in the consideration thereof till dis-
posed ot
Mr. S. asked for the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion; which were ordered.
Mr. GRAVES moved to include the bill for the
purchase of the stock in the Louisville and Port-
land canal; which was lost without a count
Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Mississippi, moved to
include the bill to reduce and graduate the pnce
of the public lands; which was lost.
Mr. JARVIS moved to include all the public
bills reported by the Committee on Is aval Affairs;
which was lost.
Mr. CAMBRELENO moved to include the
bill making appropriations for carrying into effect
certain Indian treaties, and asked for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved to lay
the whole subject on the table.
Mr. LAWRENCE asked for the yeaa and
nays; which being ordered, Mr. Williams with-
drew his amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Cambreleng's
amendment; and it was agreed to by a vote of 1U8
to 79.
Mr. FAIRFIELD moved to include the Sen-
ate bill making appropriations for the collection
of materials, and the parchase of sites, to com-
mence the construction of certain fortifications;
which was lost.
Mr. HARLA.N moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. VINTON suggested that the better mode
would be to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where a majority would
have the control of the business.
Mr HARLAN withdrew his motion; and the
question being taken on the resolution as
amended, it waa decided in the affirmative by a
vote of two thirds—yeas 141, nays 49.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House pro-
ceeded to the
ORDERS OF THE DAT.
The bill amendatory of the act for the contin- ¡j
nation of the Cumberland road, (rejected on a n
former day, mu n metió* by Mr. V tNtretofmiL
to reconsidt r the vote by \v hie h the bill was
rejected was priidiiisr,') was postponed until
to-moirow.
LAND BILL.
The bill to npproprtah , for a limited time, the
proceeds of the sat s of tin pu'.lie lauds of the
United States, and foi granting land to certain
States, was then taken up; the qmstioii being on
its reference, either to the Committee of Ways
and Means, or to the Committee on Public Lands,
with ceitaiii instructions,(which ha\e b<en here-
tofore given at length in the column  of the
Globe.)
Mr. HA WES movtd to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. BOND asked for the yeas anil nays; which
were ordered; and were—yeas 104, nays 85; as
follows:
YEAS-—Mesure Ash, Beale, Bnckfe, Bonn, Rordcfl, BohI-
din, Boyd,Brown, IVarntJ,Bvun[iit€nmbn>lrw<, Cnrr,Cneey,
Chanev, Chapman, Chnpiii, dtivcland, Col*<s, Connor,
Craif, Cramer, L'u-liinan, lliekwson, Ilonblediv, Drnm-
goole, Dunlap, rnirtie'td, I arlan, Fmvl«r, Krv, William K
Fuller, Jaincat.arlaml.Cillei, Cranllaiul, Qrayson, Ualcv,
Joseph Hall, MbertG Harrison, Hnwes, flaw kill's, lla\ ne*,
Hopkins, Howard, lluntmgton, Huntsman, In^lKim, V\ il
liain Jackson, Jabee Jackson, Jar via, Joseph Jotm«nti,
Cave Jotin-ou, Richard M. Johnson, John \V. Jones, lien
jamin Jone~, Jud-on, Kilgore, La ism , Lin lor, Gideon
Lee, Joshua Let.Tlmmas Lee, Leonard. Loenn, Loynll,
Luca«. L\ on, Martin, John \ Mason, Moses Ma-on, Wil-
liam Mason, May, McKtxin, Alckun, McLene, Miller,
Motitgouicrv, Moore, Morgan, Muhlenberg, Paje, Patter
son, Patlon, Dutee J. Pearcc, Franklin Pierce, Pholpa,
Pineknev, John Reynolds Joseph Reynold-, Roane, Sej-
inour, Shield*. Slmin,Sickles, Smith, Speight, Sutherland,
Ta>lor, John Thomson.Tourev,Town-, Ward, Ward ell,
Webster, and Thomas T. Whittlesey—KM.
\ AYS—Messrs. Adams, Chilton Allan, Heman Allen,
Anthony, Bond, Briji*. Buchanan, Bnneti, John Callroon,
William B. Calboun.Carter, ChikU, Nathaniel U. Claiborne,
John F. II. Claiborne, Clark, Uorwin, Crane. Cusluif,
Darlington, Deberry, Denny, Dickson, Everett, Torcster,
French, Rice Garland, Granger, Crave*, Grcnncll, Hard,
Hardin, Harlan, Harper, Hazeltrne, Henderson, Hei--tcr,
Hoar, Howell, llubley, Hunt, Injrer-nll, Janei, Jenifer,
Henry Johnson, Kinnird, Lane, Laporte, Lawrence, Lay,
Luke Lea, Lincoln, Love, Job Mann, Sampson Mason,
Maurj, McCartj, McKay, McKeunan, Mercer, Millisrnn,
Morn«, Parker, James A. Pearce, Pettisrcw, Peyton,
Phritips, Potts, Kecd, Ilencher, Robertson, Russell, William
11. Shcpard, Augustine 11. Bhcpperd, Slade, Spangler,
Standeler, ^torer, Taharerro, Underwood, Vinton, White,
EU-ha Whittlesey, Lewis Williams,Slicrrod Williams, and
Wise—85
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. HANNEG AN said, as he was accidentally
out of his seat at the moment his name was called,
he asked the consent of the House to record his
name in the affirmative, but it was objected to.
DISTRICT BANKS.
The next was a bill from the Senate entitled
"An act to extend the charters of certain banks
in thc'Distriet of Columbia, and for othi r pur-
poses." Two motions were pending, viz: by
Mr. Pinckney, to refer to the select committee
on banks; and by Mr. Evams, to rcfi r to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, when, the
latter motion prevailing, the bill was referred to
the Committee for the District.
RECRUITS FOR THE ARMY.
The Senate bill entitled "An act to increase the
gresent   military  establishment of the   United
tates," was read twice, and committed to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
REORGANIZATION   OF   THE   POST OFFICE.
The House bill entitled "An act to change the
organization of the Post Office Department, and
to pro\ide more effectually for the settlement of
the accounts thereof,"returned from the Senate
with various amendments, was, on motion of
Mr. CONNOR, referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were read a third
time and passed:
The act in relation to a grant of land to the
State of Alabama, for the improvement of the
Tennessee, Coosa, Cahawba, and Black Warrior
rivers;
The bill for the relief of John McCarrolI, Jr.;
and
The bill to complete a store-ship in construc-
ion at the navy-yard at Philadelphia
!>y leave, petitions were presented by Messrs.
HARLAN of Kentucky, mid MASON of Vir-
ginia.
RIVERS AMD  H UlBrmS.
The House then pinccrdt d (o the execution of
the special ordi r, and \vt lit into Committer of
the Whole on tin state of tin Union, (Mr. Lin-
coln in the chrui,) and took up the bill mtikin*
additional appropruttions for the Delaware break"
watei, and for certain hurbois, .indicmoving ob-
structions in,and at the mouths of, certain river ,
and for other purposes, for 1MB.
The bill baring been icad, was taken up by
sections.
Mr. SMITH entered inlo a succinct explana-
tion in relation to the first clause, appropriating
|100,000 for continuing the Delaware break ivater,
antl gave some reasons why the item should be
increased, though he htms<lt did not design to
make a motion to lhat effect.
Mr. HARPER then moved to increase tho
item to $120,000; which wat. hat.
Mr. HA WES moved to stnke out the follow^
in  clause:
For continuing the improvement of the navigation of
the Hudson river above and below Albany, írt t'ie State of
New \ ork, $900,000, to lio expended acconlirif to the plan
and esumates recommended by the Sceretary of War.
Mr. H AWES said, when the first apptopnation
was made it was distinctly asserted that the whole
cost would notexceedat the most «<70,000,i hough
Mr. H. stud, at the time, that it would be but
an entering wedge for largor calls upon the Gov-
ernment. He was further convinced that the
Hudson river, at this point, did not dome within
the principles of the rule by which the Federal
Government was authorized to expend tha public
money for works of internal improvement.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, supported the
clause, and went on to show that the work in
question was purely of a national character.
After some remarks fiom Messrs. HUNT,
MERCER, EVANS, SMITH, and VANDER-
POEL,
Mr. CARTER moved to amend the clause by
appropriating tht sum of $100,000 to continue the
improvement commenced at the Muscle Shoals
by the Government of the Unit< d States, in the
State of Alabama, up the Tennessee and Holiton
rivers to Kmgsport, in Tennessee.
After some remarks from Messrs. CARTER,
PEYTON, SPEIGHT, SMITH, EVANS,
SOUTHARD, DUNLAP, and WISE,
1 he House took the usual recess.
EVENING SESSION
The following bills from the Senate were, by
general consent, severally read twice and appro-
priately referred:
An act for the relief of Thomas Cooper;
An act to provide for issuing a land patent to
Thomas B. Clarke;
An act addmo.ial to the act for the relief of
James L. Cathcart;
An net regulating the terms of the superior
courts of the middle district of Florida, and for
other purposes;
An  act for the relief of tho heirs of James
Moore;
11 _  An act to provide for the moral and rcligioug
¡  instruction of the Army of the United State ;
I     An act confirming the claims to land in the
State of Louisiana;
An act for the relief of William B. Rathbone;
and
An act for the relief of Henry Newman, and
others.
RIVERS AND HARBORS—AGAIN.
The House then went into Committee of the
Whole again, and resumed the consideration of
the clause (as stated at the close of the morning
i proceedings of yesterday) appropriating $200,000
for Hudson river, and the amendment of Mr,
Carter to appropuate $100,000 for the Muscle
Shoals.
1 Mr. WISE concluded his remarks in opposi-
tion to the principles of the bill passed yesti rday
in relation to the deposit of the public money.
Mr. PEYTON followed in support of the gen*
oral principles of that bill.
