THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
,ii' <.'-
BY BLAIR &. RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Slssio\, 24tu Congress.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 183G.
Volume 3 . .No. 37.
Mr. WISE bneflyrcjoined to the latter gentle-
man.
The debatí, «as continued by Mr. MANN of
Nen York
Mr HAYNES raised the point of order on
the character of the debate. He said he waseom-
pelltd to be absent last night from indisposition,
and he was informed that the Senate deposit bill
had been passed. He «ished to know if he liad
been misinformed; because, if not, a discussion
upon a bul already pa&sed must be out of order.
Mr. MANN said a few words more in reply
to some remarks of Mr. Wise, when the debate
proceeded on the pending quesuon by that gen-
tleman
Mr CARTER then modified his amendment,
bv niseiuug a provision at the end, making
Kmgsport, Sullivan county, Tennessee, a port
of entry; and
After some remarks from Messrs. PEYTON
and TURRILL, the amendment Mas rejected.
Mr. McKAYthen moved to reduce the appio-
pnation to §100,000, on the ground that that was
as much as could be expt nded during tlie w ork-
ing season.
Mr. SMITH said a few words in opposition
to the motion, when it was rejected.
Mr. PARKER moved to strike out the words,
"above, and," so as to restrict the expenditure
below Albany
Mr GILLET said, if he understood the amend-
ment of h*s friend from Ntw Jersey, [Mr. Par-
ks ,] his object was to limit the improvements
in the Hudbon river to thjtt portion of it which
is below the city of Albany. That gcntltinan
seemed to suppose, that public considerations
did not require the improvement proposed between
Troy and Albany. The fact stated as the ground
of his opinion was, that the great New York
canal terminated at the city of Albany. It is
true that this canal is continued on the western ¡
bank of the river to the city of Albany. But he
believed it also true, that there nasa communi-
cation fiom it to the city of Troy. He would
furtherstatc thatihe Champlain or Northern canal,
winch is of sucli gnat importance to the northern
part of the State and to the State of Vermont,
terminates nearly opposite Troy. That city cai-
nesonalarge business on each of the canals. The
business men of that city are extensively engaged
in business which requires them to pass fiom
Troy on the Hudson to New York. The failure
to improve the river between Troy and Albany
would give the latter place an advantage grow- ,
log out of our legislation. He was confident '
this was not desired by any person. Place each
on the same footin?, 30 far as you legislate, and
leave to natural causes and the enterprise of each
to dec.de the question of superiority. The natuial
nvaliy bei.ween these cities would be beneficial
to the countrj. If, by any act of ours, the one
receives a favor not given to the other, you de-
stroy comoetuion, and place business within the
control of the favored city. Let them go hand
in hand, and all will be satisfied.
As he observed many around him who were
not in the last Congress, and who may not be ac-
quainted with the history of former legislation on
this subject, he wished to occupy the attention
of the House for a moment to malee a brief state-
mf nt of facts. At a session of the Twenty-Sec-
ond Congress, a bill passed both Houses of
Congress, containing, among other appropiia-
tions, one for the improvement of the navigation
of the Hudson river. He could not say from
what committee that bill emanated, but it was
fair to pn sume that it was properly considered
by a standing committee and by both Houses of
Congress. This bill, owing to other items in it,
failed to receive the signature of the President,
and consequently did not become a law.
At tlie first session of the last Congress, a
member of the Committee on Commerce, from
the city of New York, [Mr. Selden,] reported a
separate bill on  this subject, winch passed both
37
Houses, and became a law. Consequently, this
cannot be considered a new work, and, under the
usual course of business here, it is properly
wufun the jurisdiction of the Committee of Ways
and Means, who reported this bill. We have
evidence befoie us that more money is needed for
this work, in which several States are inteicsted.
It must be known to all, that every State a.id
Territory touching tho western lakes is deeply
interested in this work. So is Vermont. It is
also conceded that it is not excluded by the prin-
ciples of the celebrated v eto message. The ques-
tion is, shall we continue the improvement or
abandon it' If any work of this kind is ever to
be carried on by the General Government, cer-
tainly this should be continued. In his opinion,
the amendment should not be agreed to, but the
section should be adopted as it now stands.
Aftei a few vvouls fiom Mr. PARKER, the
amendment was rejected.
The motion to strike out tlie w hole clause was
then lost.
Mr. H AWES then moved to amend the clause,
by striking out the sum of $20,090, and inserting,
in lieu thereof, the sum of $151,004 10, and to add
at the end, " for the completion of the improve-
ments of the Hudson river," and proceeded to
assign at length his reasons for the motion, which
was the balance of the sum, aftei the $70,000
appiopriated last year. The cost of the woik was
originally estimated at $221,504 10.
The amendment of Sir. Havves was then re-
jected.—yeas 47, nays 79.
Mr. ASHLEY then moved to amend the
amendmeut by inserting at the end of it the fol-
lowing, "in such mannei, and by the removal of
such obstructions, as the Secretary of War shall
direct," wluch was agreed to.
After a few remarks by Messis. SMITH and
VINTON,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved that the
committee rise, which was lost.
After a few remarks by Mr. DENNY, the
question was taken on Mr. Vinton's amendment
as amended, which was agreed to.
Mr. MARTIN then moved an amendment ap-
propriating §20,000 for the improvement of Ten-
nessee nvei, at Muscle Shoals, which was lost.
Mr. VINTON moved to stnke out tlie clause
"for continuing the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, fiom
Pittsbuig, Pennsylvania, to New Orleans, Louis-
iana, and from the mouth of the Ohio to the
mouth of the Missouri nvei, $110,000;" and in-
sert, "for the liupiovcment of tlie Ohio nvei,
from Pittsburg to the falls, $50,000, foi the
Mississippi and Ohio, Ik low the falls, $50,000,
and foi the improvement of the Mississippi and
Missouri,above the mouth of tlie Ohio, $30,000."
After some íemarks by Mi. VINTON,
Mr. ASHLEY moved to amend the amendment
by ínereasing the appropi lation for the improve-
ment of the Mississippi and Missomuivers,above
the mouth of tlie Ohio, to $50,000, which was
lost
Mr. HAWES then offered an amendment
to the above clause, to strike out " Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania," and insert "Louisville," and
strike out "$110,000," and insert "$75,000,"
which was lost.
Mr. SMITH moved to amend the clause "for
continuing the removal of obstiuctions in Red
river, Louisiana, and Territory of Arkansas,
$40,800," by making an additional appropriation
of $15,000 for the construction of a steamboat,
and $15,000 for the support of the same; which
was lost.
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, moved to
amend the amendment, so as to increase the ap-
propriation to $100,000 for the purpose of con-
tinuing the improvements to the navigation of
Red river, constructing a steamboat to be used in
keeping the nver open,and continuing the work.
, This (he stated) was in conformity with the esti-
I mates and recommendations from the Department,
now in the possession of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Smith,] who, as a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, has the bill in
charge; which was lost.
Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Mississippi, then offered
the following, which was lost:
■And he it further enacted, That the sum of $90,000 be,
and is herein, appropriated for the improvement of the nav -
ípation of the 'I ombigbte river, in the States of Alabama
and Mississippi, and the. sum of $10,000 for the improve
mentof that part of the Mississippi river known as the
\a/oo Pass
Mr. GRAVES moved an amendment to appro-
priate $750,000 foi the purchase of the puvate
stock in the Louisville and Poitland canal; which
was lost
Mr. CARTER moved an amendment to appro-
priate $150,000 to conneet the Hiwasse and Coosa
rivers, which was lost.
Mi. UNDERWOOD moved an amendment to
appropriate $6,000 for the construction of coffer
dams on Green Darren river, which was lost.
Mr. CHAPÍN offeied an amendment for the
improvement of Port bay, New York, $10,000;
which was lost
Mr. ASHLEY offered an amendment for the
improvement of St. Francis river, $30,000, which
was lost.
Mr WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved to
strike out the clause " for continuing the improve-
ment of Cumbeiland river in Kentucky and
Tennessee, $30,000," and insert, '< for continuing
the improvement of Cumberland river, beginning
at the mouth of Laurel, which is hereby declared
a port of entry;" which was rejected—yea  17,
nays 99.
Mi. BOYD moved to amend the clause "for
continuing tlie improvement of the Cumberland
river in Kentucky and Tennessee, $30,000," by
inserting, after the word "Tennessee,"the words,
" commencing at its mouth," which was lost.
Mt. HAWES moved to strike out the clause
" for continuing the removal of obstructions in
the Chipóla nver, in the Territory of Florida,
$4,000," which was lost.
Mr. SMITH moved an amendment " for com-
pleting ímpiovements between the rivers St.
Mary's and St. John's, $5,000," which was
agreed to.
Mr. HAWES moved to strike out the follow-
ing " For continuing the removal of obstructions
in, and improving the navigation of, the Escam-
bia nvei.in the Teiritory of Florida, $5,500;"
which was lost
Mr. CORWIN offered an amendment io ap*
propnate $25,000 for incidental expenses attend-
ing future suiveys, which was lost.
Mr. ROBERTSON offered an amendment to
provide for the removal of obstructions in James
rtver, below Richmond, $50,000; which was lost.
Mr. STORER moved to amend the clause "for
j tt*e further improvements at the mouth of Huron
river,  $4,300,"  by inserting,  after   the   word
| "river," the words, "in the State of Ohio;"
which was lost.
I     The bill having been read through, on motion
of Mr. SMITH, the committee lose, and
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 23,1836.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Department of State, transmitting, in compliance
with the resolution of the Senate of the 26th of
May last, copies of all the acts t) at have been
passed by the Territorial Legislature oí Florida,
granting charters to banking *n<} <*!"* corpora-
tions; which was laid on the table.
REPORTS TROM COMMITTEES.
Mr CLAY, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which had been referred the corre-
spondence that had taken place between thei De-
partment of State and the British Government
relative to the settlement of the northeastern
