578
TH|] $ONGR^8|ONAI, üLQflM.
June 23,
rjtt-^-^P-
boundary, made a report thereon, recommending
the publication of the correspondence.
The publication was then accoidmgly oulered;
R On motion of Mr. SHEPLEY, three thousand
additional copies were ordered to be punted.
-Messrs. TALLMADGE, PRENTISS, and
TOMLINSON, severally reported, without
amendment, bills from the House that had been
id" rrod to the Pension Committee.
PATENT   TO   JOSEPH   GRANT.
On mo'ionof Mr. KNIGHT, the bill to extend
the patent right of Joseph Grant, for making hat
bodies, was taken up.
Mr. K. advocated the bill.
Messrs. WALL and N1LES opposed it; after
which it was laid on the table,
HOURS OF MEETING.
Mr. SOUTHARD submitted a resolution pro-
viding for the meetings of the Senate, for the íe-
mainderof the session, at ten o'clock, a. m., and
that the Senate take a recess fiom two to four
o'( lock.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, said he had no objec-
tion to meeting at ten o'clock, but he objected to
the recess, and therefoie asked for a division of
the question.
Mr. PRESTON also opposed the recess.
Mr. WEBSTER moved to lay the resolution
on the table; which was carried.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally read the
third time, and passed:
The bill for the relief of William Bowman;
The bill to provide for paying certain pension-
er  of the United States at Pulaski and Dandndge,
in the State of Tennessee;
The bill to disapprove and annul certain nets
of the Territorial Legislature of Florida, and for
other purposes;
The btll for the relief of Parker Chase;
The bill for the relief of Lamed Swallow;
The bill to authorize the Washington County
Turnpike Company, in the State of Missouri, to
construct a road through the public lands; and
The bill for the rehef of the legal representa-
tives of James Bell, or of Margaret Bell, deceased.
BUILDING FOR PATENT OFFICE.
The bill for providing a building for the accom-
modation of the Patent Office came up on its third
reading.
Messrs. CLAY and CLAYTON opposed the
biii, considering the appropriation (#1118,000) too
high.
Mr. RUGGLES supported the bill, showing
the urgent necessity there was for having a build-
ing for the great number of models and valuable
improvements which were now obliged to be kept
in the garrets, cellars, and passages of the build-
ing where the Patent Office is now kept. Con-
sidering, too, the extent of the accommodations
required, and the quantity of fixtures and furni-
ture to be purchased, the appropriation was not
too much.
Mr. CLAYTON moved to lay the bill on the
table, and the motion was earned by the follow-
ing vote:
YEA3—Messrs Baj ard, Black, Brown, Clay. Clayton 
Crittenden, Cuthbert, Duvis, Golrlsboiough, Hendricks,
llntit, King of Georgia, Knight, Leigh, Maugum, Motru,
Porter, Ilobbins, Svvnt, .md White—20
N AYS— Me-.-r^. Benton, Calhoun, Ewmg of Ohio, Hub-
bard, Kingo*" Alabama, Linn, Moore, Nicholas, Niles.Pren-
n«s, Pre=ton, Robinson. Kugglea, Mieplej,Tipton,\\ alker,
Wall, and Webster—18.
SALES OF   THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. EWÍNG, of Ohio, moved to take up the
bill to change the mode of conducting the sales
of the public lands.
Mr. BLACK opposed the motion; and it was
carried-*-yeas 23, nayW Í7; as follow :
VEAS—Messrs'. pavnrd, lincharían, Claj,Clayton, Cir-
tenden, Davis, Ewmg of Olno, Goldsuofough, Hubbftrd,
Kent, King of Georgia, Knijbt, Lcish, Maugum, Moore.
Prenti^- , Preston, Robbing, haggles, ¡Shepley. Southard,
fivvilt, Tapnhnson, and Webster—23.
WAFS— Ala-^r-, Benton, Black,Biowu, Hendricks,King
df Alab-um, Linn, Morris, Nicholas, Nile:,', Page, Porter,
Bobuunn, Tiptoft, Walker, Wall, Winte, and Wnght—17.
- Mr.  EWING, of Ohio, explained the nnture
and objects of the bill which, for the purflose of
-   -.----------T "^
I
preventing fraud, violence, and combinations at  [ which had existed sirfce the adoption of the Con-
the public land sales, substituted sec-et and sealed" [  stitution, and even  prior  to that time, andthe 
bid1? for the present open and oral bids, and offered
some amendments to perfect the d< tails; «Inch
were agreed to.
Mr. WALKER then moved the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill.
Mr. CALHOUN said that this motion was in-
tended to defeat the bill; but«asitwas a measure
of considerable importance, he hoped it would
not be thrown aside without some discussal).
He would be glad to hear the argumonts for and
against it befoie he gave his vote.
Mr. PORTER was perfectly willing to allow
gentlemen an opportunity of perfecting the details
of the bill, and he therefore hoped the Senator
from Mississippi would withdraw the motion.
He was satisfied, however, that more frauda
would be practiced under the provisions of this
bill than under the present practice.
Mr. PRESTON feared that the  bill could not
accomplish the object intended. There was more
danger of frauds being practiced in secrecy th&n
when the bids were open and in the presence of
hundreds. He had heard frequent complaints of
frauds in the land offices of which he professed
to know nothing; but he thought that this bill
would offer strong temptation to such frauds.
Mr. EWING said that he had bestowed much
pains and labor in the consideration of the sub-
jec', and, in common with the committee, had
come to the conclusion that this was the only plan
that could be adopted to prevent violence, if not
frauds, at the public land sales. Mr. E., in the
course of his remarks, described the combinations
and violence used at the public land sales to pre-
vent honest bids, and gave a history of the manner
in which frauds of great extent had been success-
fully perpetrated. Mr. E. also explained at full
length the manner in which the provisions of this
bill would operate in preventing frauds, violence,
and combinations, and argued to show that it
would amply guaid against the evils that now
existed. Sealed bids (he said) were made in rela-
tion to every public contract exeept for the public
lands—forthc post office, for supplies for the Navy
and Army, for the letting of contracts for roads;
and, in short, for everything but for the sales1 of
the lands.
Mr. LINN said that, as much had been said as
to frauds in the public lands, he wished to inquire
particularly of the chairman, whether any frauds
had been alleged to have been committed in Mis-
souri?
Mr. EWING replied that there was no doubt
but that a great number of frauds had been per-
petrated at the land sales; but he could not say
that there were any charges that frauds had been
committed in Missouri particularly.
Mr. LINN said his object was to have the
skirts of Missouri cleared of any imputations that
might indirectly rest upon her in consequence of
the frauds that had been alleged to have taken
place in the public land sales. He had traveled
much through Missouri, and he had never heard
of frauds and combinations there, and he felt
warranted in saying that none had ever existed.
Perhaps, if gentlemen from the other new States
would rise and ask the same question from the
chairman, similar answers to that given in re-
lation to Missouri might be received, and thus
the frauds so much magnified might be narrowed
down to a very small compass. He would sug-
gest to the Senator from Ohio, who took so deep
an interest in the public lands, that the best way
to prevent frauds and combinations would be to
abolish the present land system altogether, and
reserve the public domain in the valley of the
Mississippi for the purpose of making it an
asylum for the poor man of every country in the
world who may be disposed to go there and Culti-
vate the soil for an honest support.
Mr. WALKER said that he had wished that
the consideration of this subject might be post-
poned until the next session of Congres?, when
the subject might be more maturelyconsidcred,
and some measure devised more calculated to
effect the object in view than the one before them.
Mr. W entered at length into the vaiious objec-
tions he had to the bill, and supported them with
an argument of considerable force and ability.
The abolishment of the present auction system,
substitution of a species of freemasonry in its
stead, w ould, in his opinion, load to frauds of in-
calculably greater extent than had e\er hen to-
fore been alleged to have taken place. He had
attended a few land sales in Mississippi, and he
most solemnly behoved that no fiauds oi violence
had evi r taken place at the sales there; he had
seen none, and had heard of none. If violence
would ever be perpetrati d undi r the present sys-
tem, it would only be where the speculator pur-
chased the farm m the possession of the honest
cultivator, and deprived him of a home for his
wife and children, and he had never heard of but
one case of that kind. Among his various objec-
tions to the bill, Mr. W. referred to the strong
temptations that it offered to the public officers.
If it took eliect, thev must (he said) place arch-
angels in the land offices instead of men, or they
would violate that precept of holy writ, "load
us not into lemptation." Of the whole one hunJ
d-red and fourteen registers and receivers, if only
two villains should be among thorn, they could
make such a scene of fraud and violenee as never
was befoie heaid of. It would give the whole
control of the land offices to the registeis and
receivers, and the sales must depend on their
honesty. A st-^ngor temptation to villainy could
not be presented to the cupidity of man. Mr.
W. took an extended view of the procesa of
secret bids, and described the powers of-the
registers and receivers over them, and showed
the various modes by which the laws might be
evaded, violated, and set aside, and no human
beings but the registers and receivers, and the
few interested with them, having the slightest
knowledge of their proceedings.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, was fully aware that
the Committee on Public Lands had reported
this bill with a sincere desire to guard against the
various frauds at the public land sales which he
had very little doubt had been perpetrated. He
did believe that it was possible to devise some-
mode by which these frauds might be guardid
against, and that they might dispose of the lands
beneficially to the settler, and beneficially to the
Government, without the corrupting influence of
those speculations and frauds that had heretofore
existed. He had looked into the bill with a sin-
cere desire to find that it was calculated to accom-
plish the object in view; but, after a careful ex-
amination, he was constrained to believe that it
would open the door to greater frauds than had
ever yet been perpetrated; that, under its opera-
tion, they would get less money for the lands,
and that it would eive great facilities to the spec 
ulating tribe, while it would operate less favora-
bly for the actual settler. Mr. K. described the
manner in which the combinations of sagacious
and wealthy capitalists prevented a fair competi-
tion from those who wished to purchase for actual
settlement, and contended that they would have
still greater facilities under the present bill.
Among his other objections, he said that, if this
system took effect, a general suspicion would
necessarily be excited against the registers and
receivers, no matter whether they conducted the
sales fairly or otherwise. He was perfectly con-
vinced, that to adopt this plan would work
greater evils than at present existed. He would
be glad, therefore, if the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands would consent
to let it rest until the next session, and that they
Would then take it up with a sincere desire of
doing something—an object that they all had at
heart—to cure the evils existing in the present
system.
Mr. HENDRICKS rose te repudiate the alle-
gations of frauds, so far as they relate to the
State of Indiana. He was convinced, from cor-
rect information, that none have ever been prac-
ticed there. Mr. H. then stated his objections to
the bill, believing that it would occasion more
frauds and combinations than had yet been com-
plained of, and concluding by moving to lay the^
bill on the table.
Mr. EWING then requested Mr Hendricks
to withdraw his motion; which was consented
to; and Messrs. EWING and PORTER sever-
ally addressed the Chair in continuation of their
arguments.
