mi
THE COÍÍGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juq9?£4,
river, $51,000, and Mr. Galbhaith   amend-
ment to the amendment, for the improvement of
the Alleghany river from Pittsburg to the New
York State line, $50,000.
Mr. PATTON moved to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill.
Mr. GILLET made some remarks in support
of the bill, and replied to the statements of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] and
vindicated the Speaker from the charges of that
cenfleman, in the appointment of the Committees
of Commerce and Ways and Means, and observed
that these committees were made up very nearly
of the same individuals who had heretofore been
appointed by the gentleman from Tennessee him-
self. Mr. G. said that it was not the first time
that an attempt had been made to make that chair
totter. He thought, however, that the country
would justify the occupant of the chair in the
manncrin which he had discharged his duties. He
then replied to the gentleman's assertions in rela-
tion to the previous question, and alluded to that
question when the United States Bank bill passed,
and showed various instances in which that gen-
tleman himself had voted for the previous ques-
tion. He also vindicated the President from the
charges of the gentleman from Tennessee, in
relation to executive patronage, &c. [A full
report of Mr. G.'s remarks will appeaihereafter.]
Mr. SMITH observed that the question pend-
ing was one which was to decide the fate both of
the bill now before the committee, and the one
which the committee had passed through. The
characters of the two bills were so similar that,
if one could not pass, he doubted whether the
other could pass. But he considered that the
new works ought to have a preference over the
old works, because they had not received a dollar
from the public Treasury, while the old works
had received large amounts. He then went briefly
into the relative merits of the two classes of
works, quoting from a report made by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to show that many
of those appropriations were too extravagant, and
not made out upon proper estimates, and went
into a history of the works contemplated by these
bills, showing that estimates would be made out
for works, and after the amount estimated was
expended on them, you discovered that you were
just commencing them.
Mr. SUTHERLAND briefly stated the reasons
why these bills should pass. The bill under con-
sideration was no partial bilí; it commenced in
Maine and went through the whole Union. He
briefly replied to the remarks of the gentleman
from Maine, and said that he could go through
the whole bill, and give reasons for every appro-
priation contained in it; but time would not per-
mit. He hoped the committee would take the i
question, and let the bill be disposed of.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, replied to the '
remarks of the gentleman from Maine, (Mr.
Smith,] and said that the report of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, alluded to by the gen-
tleman from Maine, Was, in many respects, false,
and inquired of the chairman of that committee
whether that report had ever received the sanction
of the comnritee.
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied that the report
alluded to had been brought before the committee,
and in the main had met the approbation of the
committee, and Stated that the appropriations in
bills under consideration was much larger than he
had anticipated.                                   ,
Mr. WHITTLESEY then went on to show
that the improvements in the West had fully come
up to the expectations of their friends; and hoped
gentlemen would act consistently in their expend-
itures. He went on to point out the importance
of the improvements to the West; showing the
amount of produce that passed the western lakes
in the course of the year, and concluded by stating
-that the expenditures in Ohio were conducted by
the same regard to economy as though they were
made «uut of the private funds of individuals.
Mr. TURRlLL replied to the arguments of the
fentleman from Maine, [Mr. Smith,] stating that
is report was in many instances erroneous. He
proceeded to point out some of the errors of that
report by a reference to documents from the Ex-
ecutive Departments.
-   Mi. SMITH explained,and went intoanexam-
! ¡nation of documents to justify his report, in rela-
tion to the expenditure for the public works at
Oswego.
Mr. TURRILL resumed his remarks, and went
onto pointoutthe vast importance of the improve-
ments on the inland waters. He alluded to the
contemplated canal round the falls of Niagara,
a"d the connection of the waters of the Missis-
sippi and the lakes, and showed the advantages
to be derived from those improvements to the
whole country.
Mr. CAMBRELENG briefly replied to the
remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Bell,] and vindicated the Speaker of the House
from the charges made against him by that gen-
tleman in relation to the organization of the com-
mittees of the House. The only change made,
he said, in the Committee of Ways and Means,
was the appointment of a gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, an Opposition man, in the place of an
Administration man, who was on the committee
last year, and the appointment of a gentleman
from Georgia iu the place of another that never
attended the meetings of the committee. Healso
vindicated himself and the committee from the
charge of extravagant recommendations and ex- ,
travagant expenditures. He then proceeded to I
reply to remarks of the gentleman from Tennes- ¡
see generally, in relation to appropriations for the
Indians, the Ñavy, fortifications, &c.
Mr. C. then went on to examine the appro-
priations proposed in the bill, and remarked that
many of them were too extravagant. They had
increased within a few years from a few thousand
dollars to nearly a million. If they increased in
the same ratio, he asked gentlemen where they
were to stop? [A full report of Mr. C.'s re-
marks will appear hereafter.]
Mr. BOON said, when they were about fixing
a day of adjournment, they were told, that after
that should be done, speaking was to cease, and
the business of the country was to be disposed
of. He had voted against fixing a day of adjourn-
ment, because he was fearful that speaking would
I not cease, and they now had evidence that it was
not to cease. Yesterday, the whole day was
occupied in discussion, and the same thing had
| occurred to-day. We now had but seven or
eight days left to transact all the business yet
unacted on; and he hoped gentlemen would not
continue to discuss matters foreign from the sub-
ject under consideration, but would allow the
very important business of the country to be
disposed of without further delay.                       ,
1     Mr. UNDERWOOD went into an examina-
' tion of the appropriations proposed by this bill,
I and made a comparison between the amount of ¡
the appropriations proposed at the different har-
| bors, and the amount of postage received at those
I harbors, for the purpose of showing the msignifi-
' canee of many of them.
Mr. SUTHERLAND briefly replied to the
i arguments  of the gentleman from   Kentucky,
1 [Mr. Underwood,] and the gentleman fromNew
' York, [Mr. Cambrelehg.]
After some further remarks by Messrs. DEN-
1 NY, EVERETT, MERCER, HANNEGAN,
BRIGGS, REED, HARPER, ROBERTSON,
PEARCE of Rhode Island, LOVE, and WISE,
I     The motion to strike out the enacting clause '
I of the bill was decided in the negative—yeas 59, I
nays 89.
The question was then taken on the amend- \
j ment to the amendment; which was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Viííton; which was disagreed to.
I Mr. MERCER offered an amendment for im-
provements in the vicinity of the Dismal Swamp
I canal, $20,000; which was agreed to—yeas 64,
nays 57.
Mr. M. then offered an amendment for con-
tinuing the improvements of Tennessee river, by
the construction of a canal around Calvert shoals,
$100,000; which was agreed to—yeas 73, nays
Mr. HARD offered an amendment for improve-
, menwat the mouth of Eighteen Mile creek; which
: was lost.
t Mr. CLAIBORNE, of Mississippi, offered an
i amendment for a survey of the coast from the
| Rigolets, at the mouth of Pearl river, $1,000;
i which was adopted.
Mr. SUTHERLAND offered an amendment
for the improvement of Thames river, Connecti-
cut, $13,000; which was lost.
Mr. SUTHERLAND offered an amendment
to increase the appropriations for the Cochecho
branch of the Piscataqua river to $10,000; which
was agreed to.
Mr. SUTHERLAND then moved to strike
out the appropriation for a pier at Delaware city;
which was agreed to.
Mr. MERCER offered an amendment for the
improvement of the Cumberland river, $30,000;
which was lost.
Mr. CAR.TER offered an amendment to pro-
vide for a survey of the tract of country between
Coosa and Hewassi; which was agreed to.
Mr. TURNER submitted the following amend-
ment for the improvement of the harbor at and
near Havre-de-Grace, Maryland: "For clearing
out and removing a bar between the harbor of
Havre-de-Grace and Spesutic Island, $5,000,"
and urged the same by a few very forcible re-
marks.
Objection was made to the amendment, on the
ground that a survey had not yet been made, and
that the bill contained a provision appropriating
$500 for causing a survey of the same to be made.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUTHERLAND offered an amendment
for a survey of James river, Maine, $3,000;
which was lost.
Mr. ROBERTSON offered an amendment for
the improvement of Jasncs river, below Rich-
mond, Virginia, $50,000; which was lost.
Mr. MERCER offered an amendment making
an appropriation for a survey of Alleghany river,
from Pittsburg to Olean, New York; which was
lost.
Mr. DENNY offered an amendment for the im-
provement of Alleghany river, $50,000; which
was lost.
Mr. ASH offered an amendment for the im-
provement of Frankfort creek, in the county of
Philadelphia, $10,000; which was lost.
Mr. CHAPÍN offered an amendment for thfl
improvement of the harbor of Port Bay, New
York, $5,000; which was lost.
Mr. HARLAN offered an amendment for the
improvement of Kentucky river, $30,000; which
was lost.
Mr. STORER offered an amendment to provide
for the survey of a site for a bridge across the
Ohio river; which was lost.
Mr. CARTER offered an amendment for con-
tinuing the improvements at Muscle Shoals, Ten-
nessee river, $30,000; which was lost.
Mr. SUTHERLAND offered an amendment
for the survey of the Rappahannock river, $350;
which was lost.
Mr. DENNY offered an amendment for the
improvement of the Monongahela, $10,000;
which was lost.
Mr. MERCER moved an additional section
to the bill providing that the several sums ap-
propriated should remain ¡n the Treasury until
called for, to be expended on works already made;
which was lost.
Mr. HA WES offered an amendment for the
improvement of Green river, $50,000; which was
lost.
Mr. HAWES then offered an amendment ap-
propriating $20,000 for the improvement of
Rough and Panther creeks; which was lost.
Mr. SUTHERLAND offered an amendment
for the improvement of the harbor at Norfolk,
$5,000; which was lost.
Mr. McCOMAS offered an amendment making
an appropriation to macadamize a road from Cov-
ington, Virginia, to Big Sandy; which was lost.
Mr. PEYTON moved to amend the bill by an
additional section for continuing the improve-
ments of Cumberland river below the mouth of
Laurel, which is hereby declared a port of entry,
$50,000. Mr. P. spoke at some length in support
of his amendment; when
Mr. McCOMAS moved to amend the amend-
ment by making a port of entry at the falls of
the Great Kanawha.
After some remarks by Messrs. McCOMAS,
PEYTON, and SUTHERLAND, the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment of
