lS3&
Tftí? fcOtftíKíESIGWAL GLOKrf
588
Mr. Pettov, and the question being taken, it
np^oawd th it there was no quorum voting.
' On motion of Mr. SUTHERLAND, the com-
raicee rose; ami
T.1Í- H.mse adjourned at a quarter before eleven
o'clock.
IX SENATE.
Triday, June 04, 1S36.
A message was received from the President of
the United ¡States, by Mr. Donelsov, Ins Private
Secretary, stating that he had signed the bill to
regulate the deposits of the public moneys.
mr. CLAY said that the communication just
made from the Executive signified what he was
extremely triad to hear; but he was sorry to
say that he had seen an article in a morning's
paper (the Globe) which appeared to have had
the sanction of the Executive, stating the fact of
the approval of this bill; and he would observe
that it never had before been the practice of this
Government to communicate to a newspaper the
fact of the executive approval of any bill before
it was communicated to Congress.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States:
To the Senate oféhe l~nüe4 Statct:
In compliance with a resolution of the Sennt?of the IStli
instant. Í transmit a report from the Secretary of Stale,
with the papers lUcrewiin presented. NiH having accurate
and de!ati"ii inMrnntion or the civil, military, and political
condition oí TV vas. I have deemed it expedient to take the
necessary 'nea-urt* now in progress to procure it. before
deciding upon the course to be pursued in relation to the
newlv-declared GoTcrnmem.
AXDKEW JACKSON.
The message and documents having been read,
Mr. CLAY observed that, as the President had
informed them in the message just read that he
did not deem it expedient to proceed any further
with regard to the recognition of the independence
of Texas until he had received a confirmation of
the military and political condition of Texas, and
that he had taken measures to procure that in-
formation, he would, for the present, move that
the message and papers be printed and laid on
the table.
Mr. PRESTON said he concurred with the
gentleman as to having the papers printed. He
was not prepared to say whether the Executive
had delayed this matter beyond what was neces-
sary, or whether it was expedient to wait until
further information was procured. The papers
submitted, with the report of the Secretary ofState,
showed that the war, though not entirely termin-
ated , was yet drawing to a close. Now, he had
said all along that the sole condition necessary to
authorize the recognition ofthe independence of
Texas was the fact of the war drawing to a close,
so as to leave no rational doubt of that country
having established her independence. If he
obeyed the impulse of the moment, he would
tnove for the reference of the. message and doc-
ument's to the Committee or) Foreign Relations,
with instructions; but as the course of the Exec-
utive had been very proper, he should content
himself for the present with acquiescing in the
motion to lay the papers on the table, reserving
to himself the right of making any future motion
that further reflection on the subject might au- '
thorize.                                                                        j
Mr. CLAY said, if the Senator from South
Carolina, on further reflection, or any other gen- i
tleman, should deem it expedient to proceed im- ¡
mediately with regard to the recognition of the !
independence of Texas, it would be competent :
for them to submit a motion for that purpose,
when the resolution of the Committee on Foreign
Relation , made a few days ago,cameup for Con- •
«¡deration.    That resolution had been made.the ]
Order ofthe day for to-day; and as soon as the !
present motion should be disposed of, he would
move to take it up, for the purpose of making it,
with the President's message and accompanying
documents, the order of the day for some day
next week.    He did not believe, with the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, that the sole condition
necessary to authorize the recognition ofthe in-
' dependence of Texas was the fact of the termina-
tion of the war.    There was another condition
indispensably necessary, and that was the fact
of their having established such aGovernmentas
we could with proprrety enter into relations of
amity and commerce with.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the message and
documents were ordered tobe printed, and, to-
gether with the report of the Committee on
Foreign Relations on the subject, were made the
order ofthe day for Tuesday next.
INDEPENDENCE OF TEXAS.
Mr. PRESTON said he felt himself honored
in presenting to the Senate a memorial from a
portion of the citizens of Louisiana on the sub-
ject of Texas. The. honor was the more con-
spicuous, as he had been informed by one ofthe
Senators representing that State, that it was
signed by its most respectable and influential citi-
zens. The memorial purported to be from the
citizens of Opelousas, Louisiana, and expressed
the deep sensibility with which they had looked
on the struggle for freedom going on in Texas,
and the peculiar interest they felt, being on the
very confines of that country. They expressed
the anxious hope that this Government should,
at the earliest period, recognize the existence
of this new republic which had so gloriously
achieved its independence. He felt that they had
received from all parts of this Union, and from
the most respectable sources, communications of
this nature, showing that public opinion was fully
prepared for any proceedings of the Government
on this subject.
Mr. P. then moved that the memorial be laid
on the table and printed; which motion war
■greed to.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Messrs. TALLMADGE, LINN, and TOM-
LINSON severally reported bills from the House
that had been referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. TOMLINSON moved that when the Sen-
ale adjourned it adjourn to meet to-morrow, at
ten o'clock, a. m*.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, moved to amend the
motion by making the meetings, for the remain-
der of the session, at ten o'clock, a. m.; which
amendment was agreed to; and the motion as
amended was adopted,
POST  ROUTE  BILL, ETC.
On motion of Mr. EWING, of Ohio, the bill
to establish certain post routes, and to alter and ¡
discontinue others, was taken up, and, after hav-
ing undergone  several amendments, it was or-
dered to a third reading.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to take up the bill an-
ticipating the indemnities due under the French
and Neapolitan treaties; which was lost.
CATHERINE MEADE.
- The bill for the relief of Catherine Meade, ex-
ecutrix of Richard M. Meade, was taken up; and
after some remarks from Messrs. CLAY, POR-
TER. WALKER. WRIGHT, EWING of Ohio,
CLAYTON, HUBBARD,and WHITE, it was
amended on motion of Mr. HUBBARD, and or-
dered to bo engrossed for a third reading.
CHARLES J. CATLETT.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama,'the Sen-
ate took up the bill for the relief of Charles J. Cat-
lett; and after some remarks from Messrs. WEB-
STER, SHEPLEY, and GOLDSBOROUGH,
the bill was ordered to a third reading.
APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate, on the 4th day of July next, an fol-
lows :
1st. The amount of outstanding appropriations of former
years unexpended on the 1st day of January, 1830, and
chargeable upon the present year.
3d. The amount of permanent appropriations chargeable
on the present year.
3d. A detailed list of acts, of a general or public nature,
passed at the present session of Congress, and the amount
appropriated by each act.
4th. A statement of the number of private bills passed at
, the present session, and the aggregate amount appropriated
; by them.
5th. The amount drawn from the Treasury during the
1 present year.
'    6th. The amount in the Tréesury «object to draft.
7th. Tl  ijtmount oft réteme exptfted lo it received
during the remainder of the year.
REORGANIZATION OF THE NAVY.
On motion of Mr. SOUTHARD, the bill for
the organization of the Navy was taken up.
Mr. S. observed that the objections heretofore
made to this bill were to the number of persons
to be promoted to the grade of admiral. With a
view to try the sense" of the Senate, he would
move to strike out the four rear admirals.
This motion wasagreeed to, leaving in the bill
one admiral ami two vice admirals.
Mr. SOUTHARD then moved to insert thir-
teen commodores instead of nine.
Mr. CUTHBERT said that he should make
no decided opposition to this part of the bill,
though ho believed they were in danger of pass-
ing a bill that they niight hereafter havecauseto
regret. He'would have much preferred that the
chairman ofthe committee had acquiesced in the
general Bense of the Senate expressed the other
day, and permitted the bill to lieforthe remainder
of the session. It would then have*been, taken
up at the commencement of the next session,
when they Would have time to matare such a bill
As would put the Navy, which was so deservedly
a favorite of the country, and was looked upon
as the right arm of onr defense, on a permanent
footing of efficiency and respectability. He con-
fessed that he had strong objections to this por-
tion of the bill for creating the grade of commo-
dore. It was nowhere a substantial grade, awl
this might, at least, give them cause for reflection.
Any hurry might produce future prejudice as well
as serious injuries to this important arm1 of the
national defense. Amongst other objections to
this change', he would- state one that he thought
should have some weight. Aa long as commo-
dore was not nn establishes grade in the Navy,
it remained with the discretion of the Department
to select the most able, the most enterprising, and
the most vigorous of the captains for the com-
mand of a squadron oil an important emergency;
but the moment this grade was established by
law, that advantage would be taken away. He
hoped gentlemen would proceed with great cau-
tion, as any false step with regard to th*' Navy
could not easily be repaired, and might came the
most serious regrets.                                    •  '
Mr. SOUTHARD said that he would gladly
have acquiesced, if he had.not betieved it to bee
solemn and imperative duty to endeavor to get
this bill through at the present time, if the Sen-
ate should differ with him iiv relation to any of
the grades introduced in the bill, all it would hate
to do would be to strike then  oat.
Aa to the grade of commodore, it was a rank
known in common parlance, and would be well
understood. He thought the establishment of the
grade would be very serviceable to the Navy, and
would createnodifficultieswhatever. He thought,
too, that the addition of this increased rank was
due to those gallantofficerswhose long and faith-
ful services had been so creditable to themselves
-arid their country.     ''
Mr. CUTHBERT observed that the chairman
ofthe committee had undoubtedly laid down jtwt
Crinciplee; but every principle must be qualified
y some other, and every principle urged, with-
out reference to others, became exaggerated. The
question, then, was one of prudence. It could
not be doubted but that long and faithful service
should be rewarded; but, by multiplying the re-
wards, their value would be greatly diminished,
and they would be rendered less an incentive to
laudable ambition. The question was, whether
they were prepared  without more mature con-
sideration, ami in thi« hurried manner, to make
this important change? He desired to treat this
subject with the utmost delicacy, and to avow
making any false step in regard to that Navy
which was their pride and glory, and on winch
the defense of the couHtryy thewsrterest, «ad
their Union, so essentially depended. "
To determine at once the question, whether tne
grade of commodore should be a substantial grade
ofthe Navy, he would move to> strikem*.ou .¿ j
After some remarks from Mr. SOUTMAJtu
in opposition to the motion,                      '•'-  ■_   •
Mr, SHEPLEY" observed that he should taBe
it for granted, if this grade of o c*m«loiK w«*
established; there being no such grade either in
