«84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JunsSid,
the British or French naval service, that diffieul-
wouM occur in foreign ports between our
ties
commodores  and the officers  of those nations
«bout matters of ceremony and questions of pre-
/•prjpflCf*,
Mr. SOUTHARD replied that such difficulties
had occurred, and it was because we had no offi-
cers of a lusher grade in the Navy than captains.
By giving'increased grades to our officers the
chances of such difficulties occurring would be
diminished.
Mr. WEBSTER would have preferred retain-
ing the old established grade of admiral, which
was well understood, instead of having this un-
known grade of commodore. He Was in favor
of striking out the commodores, and would. when
the bill was reported to the Senate, move to rein-
state the grade of rear admirals. He thought
this promotion was due to the gallant officers who
had added so much to our naval renown.
On taking the question, the nine commodores
were stricken out.
Mr. CUTHBERT suggested that, as the bill
now stood, it provided for ©ae admiral and two
▼ice admiral*. He thought it would be better to
have one of each of the three grades—admiral,
viceodrairal.andrearadmiral. He would suggest
another amendment. The bill provided for two
grades of lieutenants. Now, in the naval service,
there was no necessity for having two grades of
lieutenants, it being totally different from the land
service in that particular. It had been tried either
in the British or French naval service, he did not
recollect which; and, being found to be attended
with inconveniences, had been abandoned.
Mr. PORTER inquired ifthere was any differ-
ence of pay in the two grades of first and second
lieutenants ?
Mr. SOUTHARD replied that there undoubt-
edly would be, if the difference in the grades was
established.
The question was then taken, and the second
lieutenants were stricken out.
Mr. SOUTHARD then moved, as the one hun-
dred second lieutenants were stricken out, to
amend the bill further by increasing the number
of lieutenants tcthree hundred-and fifty, instead
of two hundred aad fifty.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that, in looking over
the Navy List, he fouhd that the number of lieu-
tenants now consisted of two hundred and fifty-
seven , and that at least one half of them were on
-furloughor Jeave of absence, waiting orders. He
bad been informed that the number of these offi-
cers was too great to allow them sufficient op-
portunities of going to sea to acquire skill and
Mcperienee in their profession*. He was aware
that large appropriations had been made this
year for keeping afloat a great naval force; but
there was no reason to suppose that this was to
be continued, He thought it better not to ul-
erease the number of lieutenants, as there were
enough in the ser viee to officer all the vessels that
would be employed,
Mr. CUTHBERT said that he had made a care-
ta* esatninatioa to ascertain the number*that
would be required-, and taking into consideration
that they would now have at sea double the num-
ber of vessels ever before afloat,, the number of
aavy-yard  and receiving ships, with the casual-
ties of sickness and other causes, he did not
th k they could do with a less number than
was proposed.
Mr. SOUTHARD said that the gentleman, in
his examination of the Naval Register, had not
taken into consideration the few vessels that
were afloat. They would have now double the
«umber at sen that had ever been at sea before.
- Mr. WAJLiKEB. expressed the opinion that
they ooukl not do with a less number than was
prerjosed. He had always been opposed to ex-
travagant appropriations, yet he thought in tliie
case the expenditure was highly necessary.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that it would be-eaay
enough ii> increase the number, but it would not
be «9 easy to diminish it. According to the
chairman's owa statement, it was not necessary
Id increase the number of lieutenants-, for if one
half the number of lieutenants had been hereto-
fore ashore awaiting orders, now that they were
fotue to.Sftwd, double the- number of ships to sett,
litis hajf fc-Ottld be just enough for the purpose.
| He did not believe that he should succeed,and he
would therefore be content if only fifty more were
added, making the number of lieutenants three •
hundred instead of the present number of two I
hundred and fifty-seven.                                       ¡
Mr. RUGGLES observed that the amendment
did not imperatively require that there should be
three hundred and fifty lieutenants; but that the
President might appoint that number if he should
deem it necessary. Presuming that the Prosident
would not appoint more than were required for
the service, he should vote for the amendment.
After some further observations from Messrs.
CUTHBERT, MANGUM, and BUCHANAN,
the question was taken and carried on striking
out the word "two," and inserting "three,"
| thus making three hundred and fifty instead of
two hundred and fifty.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved to strike out the
word " fifty," so as to leave the number of lieu-
tenants at three  hundred;  which  motion   was ,
adopted—ayes 22, noes not counted.
Mr. MANGUM moved to lay the bill on the
table; which motion was lost—yens 11, nays 25; I
as follows:
YE \S—Messrs. Urown, Buchanan, Hubbard, King of I
Georgia, Maneum, Morris, Niles, Robinson, Slieplcy, Tip-
ian, and White—il.                                                         1
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Dlack,Calhoun,Clay, Clayton, I
Cuthb"rt,  Davi*,  Eu-ing of   Oluo.  GoUl-boiough,  Kont,
King of Alabama, Kmglit, LiHsli, Linn, Nicholas, Porter, I
Prentiss, Preston, Hive*, Robbins, Uugglca, Southard, Tall-
madge, Walker, and Webster—25.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved further to amend the
bill by striking out fifty, and inserting forty, for
the number of captains; and by striking out
seventy-five, and inserting sixty, for the number
of commanders; which motion was agreed Ux
Mr. SOUTHARD moved further to amend the
bill, by striking out seventy-five, for the number
of passed midshipmen, and inserting one hun-
dred and twenty-five; which motion was also
«greed to.
After some remarks from Messrs. CUTH-
BERT, SOUTHARD, and WEBSTER, the bill
was so amended as to provide for one admiral,
one vice admiral, and three rear admirals; after
which it was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
'      BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The following bills were severally read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading:
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of David Caldwell, deceased;
The bill for the relief of Thomas Dixon &
Company, of New York;
The bill for the relief of Robert McJimsey,
surviving partner of the firm of Jackson & Mc-
Jimsey;
The büT for the relief of John Frazer & Com-
pany, of Charleston, South Carolina;
The bill for the relief of John P. Lewis; and
The bill for the relief of James Robertson, of
Charleston, South Carolina.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the Senate went
into the consideration of executive business; after
which it adjourned.
IN SENATE.
FttiDAY, June 25,1836.
On motion of Mr. SWIFT, leave of absence
was granted to Stephen- Haight, Assistant Door-
keeper, for the remainder of the session.
Messrs. PRENTISS, LINN, and TALL-
MADGE,severally reported without amendment
bills from the House that had been referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TOÜCEY presented the resolutions of the
General Assembly of the State of Connecticut,
instructing the Senators, and requesting the Repre-
sentatives of that State, to use their best endeavors
to procure the acknowledgment of the independ-
ence of Texas; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
The resolutions submitted by Messrs. Rob-
biws, Burro ,and Davis,and lying on the table,
were considered and agreed to; and the resolution
I submitted by Mr. Waikeb. was, on motion of
Mr. DAVIS, postponed till Monday next.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. MANGUM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a resolution allowing £300 per session, for
the two last sessions, to Stephen Haight, Assist-
ant Doorkeeper, for extra services as postmaster
of the Senate; which was twice read, and ordered
to a third reading; and after being engrossed, was
read the third time, and passed.
• BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING
AND PASSED.
The following bills were severally read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to a third reading:
The bill for the relief of William Hewos;
The bill for the relief of Elijah Lucas;
The bill granting a pension to certain persons
therein named;
The bill for the relief of Alpheus Hutchins,
The bill for the relief of Josiab Curtis;
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Swayne;
The bill grantingapension to William Warner;
The bill for the relief of George White;
The bill granting pensions to certain persons
therein named;
The bill for the relief of John Logan;
'     The bill for the relief of John Collins;
1     The bill for the relief of the widow of Peter
i Smith;
The bill granting a pension to Samuel Cole-,
,     The bill for the relief of Peter Demick, of the
State of New York;
The bill for the relief of Samuel Kincaid;
The bill for the relief of Richard Martin;
The bill for the relief of Francis Bashford;
The bill granting a pension to William Law-
rence, late a colonel in the Army;
The bill for the relief of George Elliott;
The bill for the relief of James Steel;
The bill for the relief of Davis Huntt;
The bill for the relief of Henry Keefer;
The bill for the relief of James Taylor;
The bill for the relief of John Dal;
The bill for the relief of Theophilus E. Beck-
man, late first lieutenant in the forty-first regi-
ment of United States infantry;
The bill for the relief of Peter Cook, a soldiei
of the late war;
The bill for the relief of Barnard Pompilly;
The bill for the relief of John Smith;
The bill granting a pension to John Stevens;
The bill for the relief of Thaddeus Tuttle;
The bill for the relief of John Bennett;
The bill for the relief of Samuel Huntt;
The bill for the relief of John Pickard;
The bill for the relief of Thaddeus Potter;
The bill for the relief of Godfrey Vought;
The bill for the relief of John Lent;
The bill for the relief of Patrick McEwen;
The bill for the relief of James Scott, Richard
Severson, and Lot Leonard, soldiers of the late
war;
The bill for the relief of Jonathan Dow;
The bill for the relief of John Boone;
The bill granting a pension to Ebenezer Dewey-,
The bill granting a pension to Robert Lucas;
The bill for the relief of William Foxworthy;
The bill for the relief of John Herrick;
The bill granting a pension to Jonas Comins-,
The bill for the relief of James Mullings;
The bill for the relief of Charles Blake;
The bill granting a pension to Walter Dyer;
The bill for the relief of Jeremiah Goldsmith;
The bill for the relief of Joseph Tuttle;
The bill for the relief of Matthias Traverse;
The bill for the relief of Joseph Danforth;
The bill for the relief of Jacob Wallace;
The bill granting pensions to Benjamin Park-
hurst and Daniel Havens;
The bill for the relief of Isaac Ruland;
The bill for the relief of Job Daniels;
The bill for the relief of Daniel Trabue;
The bill granting a pension to Andrew Gay;
The bill for the relief of Samuel M. Asbury;
The bill for the relief of Singleton Ketchani;
The bill for the relief of Peggy Abel, Sally
Rolls, and Elijah Green;
The bill for the relief of Luke Vohrbis;
The bill granting a pension to Peter Laval;
