586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB©
June 25 
exception to all like case*, would be «owbere to
be found.
Hat in piopnety of rtquirmg some lurlher
security to tue puouc. and of making tins capital
soni   iat ¡non- suosuinfnl, will appear, it we
id mi ■• lor a moment v\ i\al wou.d ix' tlie legal
renudv oi tin .isoiutd on Lis polu y, m ease of a
kw-,as t ic act of incorporation now stands. We
«i i Mippoí- t.KU tac oilieeia ot the company
ie'\i--e to ;>i\. t ic adored then commenced In 
acúon, recovers judgment, and lakis out his
execution. Uut   hut * id he do with it? How
wi ¡ ík' piocuu 'i to l>e satisfied* Arrest the
boons of me corporators' No, sir; they are
ei.pteis.iy exempted from arrest by the terms of
the (Mailer. Wio ho attach the puvale property
of tin- ivn m!>ers oi tue company? No.su; that is
a>s i oxpiesiiy e\«mpted. Can he take the cor-
porate piopnty ' Tnai, mi, is legally inuuigiuk ,
consisuug pritK.ipa.ii) oi notes of hand,«inch can-
not oe .it «chid . nu soid on i \i etiiion. In what
way, tinii, can he proi ore a satisfaction of his.
judgiiiuu' If tlicie be any way, without the
voluntary payment by the onicer* of the company,
1 am unaiqu.unud v.uli it.
The uiiMiostantiality oí this capital udl still
more foiciUj. appear uy looking at another pio-
vision of tin. charter. The fourth section contains
the following provision:
•• Tint every Muekholilrr neateeting or refa«uip to r n*w
bis notes, ot uv gtectmg or refu-in? to |ia\ any in-uiltueiih.,
RlHiMjjr lib. te pr ~.L' aland director-, so to d >. sliall
(V it ^'.l hi-nit ret n tin- cviiti) - uv. aud 1>j U!d liable
for hH proportion of in} |r>*°= which imv have occurred
previous to Mich urate  i anil retamal."
Now, suppose a stockholder refused to pay or
renew his notes: what is the consequence ? why,
he censes, t;no facto, to l e a member of the cor-
poration, and ti'ifeits the glorious piml*go of
paying his stock notes' For he cannot be ex-
pelled from the company, and compelled to pay
his notes too-, the charter expressly providing thai
he shall be held liable only •* for his proportion
of any loss that may have occuired." So that if
no loss hasoceurn d, why, lie hai nothing to pay.
But, it may be asked, what harm is done in tins
case  I answer, that, by these provision*, a
stockholder may receive his share of premiums,
which are usually paid in advance, and then
withdraw from trie company, nliovmg himself
entirely from the burden of fulfilling the contracts
which the company have entered into. This
would not only I  monstrously unjust toward the
remaining- members, luit might work very groat
injustice to the persons assured, by leaving tiiem
no responsible persons to call «pon in case of a
loss. Besides, if one may thus withdraw from
the company, w hy not all'—and thus leave the
assured entirely Without remedy. Now, sir, to
obviate, m some measure, these defects in the act
of incorporation, I have proposed this amend-
ment. The whole amount of the capital should
be paid in. which, by a provision in the original
charter of the company, can be invested in bank
stock. There would then be a substantial capital,
something to which the assured, incase of a loss,
might look with confidence foi that which they
had bought and paid for, viz: indemnity.
After some further remarks by Mr. LAW-
RENCE and Mr. WASHINGTON,the bill, on
the motion of the latti r gentleman, was laid aside
for farther consideration.
The committee, then took up and considered
the bill to authoiiz  the corporation of George-
town to close certain streets in said town; which
was amended by adding a proviso to secure the
rights of private individuals.
The bill amendatory of an act incorporating
the Provident Association of Clerks, &c., wr.3
then tak  n up and ( onsidered.
The bill authorizing the officers and managers
of the Washington Monumental Society, to erect
a monunv nt to the memory of George Washing-
ton, on the public mall, was taken up.
Mr. HAWES inquired how much land would
be required for the purpose'
Mr. LANE supposed about ten acres
Mr. HAWES objected to passing bills of this
indefinite character; there was no limit to the
amount of ¡and that might be taken,
Mr. LANE remarked that it was intended for
a public promenade. He had no objection to four
or five acres.
1     Mr. MASON proposed «a amendment in the
following words:
To he 1-ud oti under the direction of the President of
the L'nited ¡States.
The amendment was agiecd to.
After some remarks from Messrs. PEA.ROE
of Rhode Island, KOULDIN, LANE, and HAR-
PER, the bill was further amended by limiting
the time to twenty vears, otherwise the right mid
title to the grant ot land should revert bark to
the United States, and that the location should
be Ivetween Seventh stn et west and the Potomtnc.
Mr. JARVIS moved to limit the quantity to
one aere: and after a few words from Messrs.
L \NE, VINTON, and ROULDIN,
Mr. LANE moved to amend the amendment
as follows: " not exceeding five arres."
The amendment was briefly discussed by
Messrs. OHILDS, REFP, LANE, VINTON,
ANTHONY, and JARVIS, when the bill was
tend aside for future consideration.
The lommittcc then took up the *' bill giving
the as«n nt of Congress tn an art of Vh-gtiri , to
amend an ict incornnrM'ng the Falmouth and
Alixamltid Railroul Company, passed F< bruary
2, l'-I'ti." which was considered and laid aside,
to he leporti il to the Hnu«e.
The '.ill to provide for tH" settlement of the
accounts of F. C. Do Kiaft't, was considered and
¡•ltd aside
The joint resolution fiom the Senate " to author-
ize and maule the PiesiáYiit to assut and prose-
cute with ttTeit the claim of the Unhid States
to tin legacy hi queatliid to them by James
Smithson, late of London, deceased, to found at
Washington, undi rthe name of the Smithsonian
Institution, an establishment for the increase aud
diffusion of knowledge among men," was then
taken up.
Mi. ADAMS (Xpl.iined that the resolution
was substantially the ami. as the bill reported
by him fiom t'u s.hct committee of the House
on the same giinp ct.
On motion ot Mr. A., the resolution was so
amendi d as to assume tin form of a bill.
Mr. CHILDS then moved a substitute for the
bill m ulation t" tin: Washington Monument
Socnty.  winch w.i&agitid to.
Thi com íottei tin n i's and reported all the
foregoing bills to the House, except that in rela-
tion to the Potomac Insurance Company; on
which |eav<  was asked to sit again.
Tlv .Speaker having resumed the chair,
The lulls reported without amendment were
then ordered to be engiossed for a third reading
to-day.
The amendments to the following bills were
concuried in:
The bid making appropriations for the pcni-
ttn'iary;
The joint resolution in relation to the unex-
pended balance for the erection of the Potomac
bridge;
The bill to extend the jurisdiction of the cor-
poration of the city of Washington; and
Tin- bill in i elation to the coiporation of George.-
town; and they weie severally ordeied for a third
reading tu-day.
The bill in rilation to the Washington Monu-
nv nt Society was then taken up, further amended
on motion of Mr. JARVIS, and the bill, as
amended, was ordered to a third reading.
The amendment to the joint resolution in rela-
tion to the Smithsonian Institution was then con-
curred in, and the same ordeied to be engrossed.
All the foicgoing bills were then lead the third
time and passed.
Mr. WASHINGTON moved a suspension of
the rules for the purpose of considering the bills
for the recharter of the District banks; which was
lost.
Air. CONNOR made a similar motion in rela-
tion to the bill for the reorganization of the Post
Office Department; which was lost.
Mr. THOMAS moved a suspension of the
rules for the purpose of making the bill to extend
the judicial system of the United States the special
order as soon as the present order was disposed of.
|                   RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
i     The House then went into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Lincoln
hi the chair,) and resumed tlie consideration of
I the bill making appropnations for the improve-
ment of ceitain harbois therein mentiont d, for
the year lt 3l>.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Pin ton to insertan additional section m the bill
for continuing the nnprnvimi nts of Cumbetlnnd
river below the mouth of Latin 1, w Inch is hereby
declan d a port of eutiy, «,00,00(1.
The question bung taken on the above amend-
ment, it was negatived.
Mi. LEONARD often d an amendment for the
improvement of the Stisqui h.uina nvei, between
the coal minis of Pennsylvania, mar Wilkes-
baiTe, in that State, to Owego, in the State of
New York, with a view to the improvement of a
steam navigation on tliatnvcr, 50,000; which was
lost.
Mr. HAWES moved to strike out the follow-
ing section: "For improving the harbor at the
mouth  of   Cattaraugus  cretk,  on   Like   Erie
$40,000."
After some remarks from Messrs. HAWES,
SUTHERLAND, and HAZELTINE,
Mr. SUTHERLAND moved to reduce the
sum in the original clause to $20,000; which was
agieed to.
After some remarks from Mr. GALBRAITH,
the motion of Mr. IIawes was disagrtid to—
ayes 63, noes 79.
Mr. CARTER proposed an appropriation of
$10,000 foi the continuation of the impiovement
of the Muscle Shoals; which was agreed to.
Mr. SUTHERLAND submittid an amend-
ment appropriating the sum of $300, for an exam-
ination of the survey of the passage of Cobscook
bay, in the State of Maine; which was agreed to.
Mr. PARKER made some remarks in reference
to the appropriation of $8,000 for improving
Whitehall harbor, on Lake Champlain, which/he
said was only the outlet or termination of a small
creek, and then moved to strike out the following:
" for building an ice-breaker on Staten Island,
$10,500," on the ground that New York ought
herwdf to construct such work.
Mi. G. LEE said the pointed call of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey compelled him to give
the reason why his motion should not prevail.
Hut first, of Whitehall; the gentleman from New
Jersey says " that Whitehall is nothing more
nor ¡ess than the termination of a little creek—that
he has been there* and understands the matter."
Why, Mr. Speaker, it is most astonishing that
a gentleman of threescore Bhould have fallen
into so great an error. Did tho gentleman never
hear of Skunsborough during the Revolution?
Of the armament, the arms, and the men which
fitted out at the haibor of Skunsborough ? Well,
sir, this is precisely the harbor of Whitehall,
Had the gentleman never heard of the fleet of
McDonough, the battle of Plattsburg, and that
glorious victory ' Has the gentleman yet to learn
that this victorious fleet was built, fitted out, and
sailed from this same Whitehall haibor which he
i deems unworthy the caie of this Government'
Is he yet to learn that this same Whitehall, which
i lie calls " the termination of a little creek," is
the best, if not the only good harbor on Lake
Champlain? And the very appropriation which
he proposes to strike out is intended to raise and
clear tine obstructions caused by the sunken navy
taken from the enemy by McDonough, and
brought into this harbor. Does not the gentle-
man know that there is a continuous navigation
front New York, througi: this lake, to Quebec;
and thence to China,if you please ? So much for
the little creek, sir.
But I rose, Mr. Speaker, to put the gentleman
right as to the improvement at Staten Island,
which hA proposes to strike out; and I am utterly
astonished to find the gentleman wrong about
this matter, Sir, no man on this floor has a more
critical knowledge of the bay and harbor of New
York than that gentleman. He knows that the.
United States have a depot at Staten Island—a
great commercial station—requiring not less than
six custom-house officers to take charge of the
revenue. He knows that during four months at
least of each summer, every vessel that enters the
port must stop at that station, and a large portion
of them are compelled to discharge there. He
knows that this station is at the narrows between
