1S36.
THE) ÜONGRESHONAI/GLOBEL
S8*
the upper and the lower harbor; that during the I
winter roanv vessels are compelled tocóme m here
by hmso lot tut ice auove, and that the ships of
t! i N u\ , as «ell as ihose of the nurcliants, are
irequenth in danger at tnis point, and that tlie
proiectH 11 proposed bv this appropriation is m-
di>-poii!>'\b,e Hut, sir, the gentleman asks, "Why
don "t the great State of New \ ork do it herself' '
Whv, sir, she would have no objection to do it,
if vou \\ nl permit her to dome the revenue from
it Wh\,Nii, is it asked why' It is because
she has patiioticnllv relinquished the legitimate
means. In that glorious compact of confederation,
wlu n iveiy t>tate glowed with the fire of patriot-
ism, when no selfish principle ruled, the State of
New 'iork relinquished the great boon which the
God of nature gave her, to the confederated
States, and she sacrificed and transferred to the
Federal Government the great thrift of her in-
comparable harbor. She cannot, since that com-
pact, lew a single dollar of revenue on exports
o« imports with winch to improve the slight de-
fects of her harbor which nature left unfinished,
ai:J most prophetic was the declaration of the
patriot, George Clinton, that the relinquishment
of tae impost revenue to the Federal Government
was the sacrifice of many annual millions on the
part of the State of New 1 ork; " but were it fifty
nn'lions, patriotism demanded it "
Sir, examine the document laid on your table
this morning. Ninety millions of imports into
that port alone, vit'ding to the Federal Treasury
probably fifteen millions of dollars ' And permit
me to say, sir, that nature has decreed an aug-
mentation of tins trade to that port. Does the
gentleman still ask, " Why don't New York im-
prove her own harbor -"
Sir, I do apologize for detaining the committee.
I avoid speaking when I can, because speeches
delay proper legislation, and because I am not an
orator. I feel sorry and do regret, that while we
have but six remaining legislative days, I have
been compelled to delay the committee even but a
few moments.
Mr. GILLET said that his friend before him
[Mr. Pamceb.] showed a commendable zeal in
protecting the interests of the country against
improvident expenditures of all kinds, and he
should be the last to object to his vigilance. He
bad a right to ask for, and ought to receive, full
information in relation to all the calls forexpend-
itures, like those to which he had objected. If
those objections are obviated, as he thought they
could be, of course he would sustain the appro-
priations Hp would leave his colleague from the
city of New York [Mr. Lee] to defend the pro-
posed improvements at the quarantine near the
city. He would only say that, on full examina-
tion in the Committee on Commerce, he had as-
sented to that measure, as being highly proper.
His colleague had not, however, said as much in
favor of the proposed improvement near White-
hall, as he might have done consistent with the
truth of the case. Although he resided some two
hundred miles from Whitehill, still he was some-
what personally acquainted with the situation of
the obstructions proposed to be removed. He
saw them on his way to this place last fall.
It was true that the passage from the broad
part of Lake Champlain to this place, was very
narrow; still it was not a creek. It was a part of
the lake, and without any more apparent current
than in other parts of the lake. Above Ticon-
deroga, toward Whitehall, the lake in some parts
was little wider than the canal in sight of us; still
a very extensive commerce passed on these waters.
It was the thoroughfare for a large number of
schooners, steam and other boats, and led to the
northern termination of the Champlain canal. A
portion of New York, and nearly all Vermont,
were deeply interested in this commerce on these
waters. During the last war this place was a
thoroughfare to the frontier. We had on that
lake, as all must know, during that war, a fleet
that covered itself with glory. At the close of
that war, a portion, at least, of our national ves-
sels were taken into Whitehall. They were there
dismantled and broken up, as he had been in-
formed, and sunk down in this narrow passage.
Smce then, deposits hare collected around these
old wrecks, which, together with the wrecks
themselves, form a portion of the obstructions
proposed to be removed by this appropriation, i
Henee it will be seen that a very considerable pof-- |
I tiou of these obstructions cami there by the hand
of the General Government itstlf. The jurisdic-
tion, then, was in the peopleot the State,and the
title in individuals This Government had no
right to leave any ot its propeity there, so as to
interfere with the interests of those concerned in
the free and safe navigation of those waters. It
even might bo again wanted by the General Gov-
ernment for the use of another Navy
No one could object to this Government making
full restitution foi all injuries of this kind. It
was i lght and justthatit should do so. He must
say, if there could be an instance where this
Government ought to clear out a harbor, he was
confident this was one. He had seen the. diffi-
cu!t\ of getting in with steam and other boats,
and with vessels, if evriy membei litre could
see the place for himself, and become icquainted
with the causes which occasioned the obstruc-
tions, he was confident there would be no objec-
tion to this appropriation. Ceitamly, no gentle-
man will consent that this Government shall
occasion an injury to any portion of out citizens
without redressing the wrong. There is now an
opportunity to do an act of justice, in this respect,
and he hoped all would consent that it should be
speedily done.
The House then, according to order, took a
recess from half past two till four o'clock, p.m.
EVEMIWG SCSSIOV
A variety of pension bills, returned from thp
Senate with amendments, were taken up, and the
amendments severally concurred in.
The bill to establish certain post routes, etc ,
returned fiom the Senate with amendments, was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads
The following Senate bills were severally read
a first and second time, and referred to their ap-
propriate standing committees.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of David Caldwell, deceased,
An act organizing the Navy of the United
States;
An act for the relief of Charles J. Catlett.
On motion of Mr. PHILLIPS, the Committee
of the Whole was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill authorizing the Wirmi- '
simmet company to lay out, and make a way, on
lands of the United States, in Chelsea, Massa-
chusetts, and the same having been brought into
the House, was, by general consent,read a thud
time, and passed.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The House then again resolved itself into the
Committee  of the  Whole  on  the state of the '
Union on the river and harbor bill, the question
pending being the motion of Mr. Parker, as
stated above.
After a few remarks from Mr. RUSSELL, the
motion was disagreed to, without a count.
Mr. VINTON moved an amendment for the
improvement of the Mauroee river, below the
Rapids, (20,000.
Mr. HAMER hoped the amendment would be
agreed to, inasmuch as it was below a, port of,
entry, and had been favorably reported on by a
¡ committee.
The amendment was agreed to-r-ayes 79, noes
44.
Mr. ROBERTSON then submitted a proviso
1 that the sums appropriated by this bill, to be ex-
pended in- the different States, should be paid out
I of the amount of the public money deposited in
such States respectively, under the bill passed
regulating the deposits of the public money,
which, after a few words from Messrs. WISE
and HARPER, was disagreed to—ayes 48, noes
95.
Mr. LYON moved a. sum of $20,000 for im-
proving the harbor at Mobile bay, whichwa3lost.
The bill was then laid aside, to be leported to
the House.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
The committee then took up the bill making
appropriations for building light-houses, light-
boats, beacon-lights, buoys, and making surveys,
for the year 1836
The bill httvmg been read, was tftken up by
sections.
Mr. SUTHERLAND offered an amendment
for the survey of the Kennebec river, Maine, $300;
which wns agreed to.
Mi. PHILLIPS offered an amendment to the
clause for the survey of Salem harbor, Massar
chusetts, by adding " Linn," and increasing the
appropriation $500, which was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, offered an
amendment to increase the appropuation for the
light-house on Block Island, Rhode Island, to
$5,000; which was agreed to.
Mr SUTHERLAND offered an amendment
for a floating light in or near the middle ground on
Long Island Sound, $10,000, which was agreed
to—ayes 114, noes not counted.
Mr. PARKER moved an amendment to insert,
after the "Delaware," the woids, "andSehuyl-
kill;" which was agreed to
Mi. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, from the Conn
mittee on Roads and Canals, offered an amend-
ment making an appropriation foi the improve-
ment of the Alleghany river between Pittsburg
ami Qlean; which was lost.
Mi. HAWES offered an amendment making
an appropriation for erecting a light hou&e at
Hendeison,in the State of Kentucky, which was
lost
Mr. SUTHERLAND offered an amendment
for bj light-house on James river, Virginia,45,000;
which was agreed to.
Mr. S. also offered an amendmentfora survey
of Manhattan harbor, on Maumee bay, $500,
which was agreed to.
Mr. REYNOLDS offered an amendment for
tlve survey of the Illinois river from its mouth,
$600, which was lost.
!     Mr. OWENS offered the following:
For the placing a floating light on the Savannah bary
neir a «ho il called Martin's Industry, $20,000,
which was lost.
Mr. REYNOLDS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, moved an item of $300 for the
survey of a bridge across the Ohio at Cincinnati,
which was agreed to.
Mr   JOHNSON,  of Louisiana,  offered  an
amendment for a survey of Perdido and Pearl
rivers, Louisiana, $300, which was, agreed to.
_ Mr. CHAPÍN offered the following new sec-
tion:
Be it further enacted, That the reporta upon all the afore-
said surveys shall contain a statement ot all such facts,
within the knowledge STthe engineers respectively making
the surveys, as are ormny be materiall" connected with the
proposed improvement", and also estimate , in derul, of
the sums of money necessary for such improvements re-
specUvely
Mi. C. said a similar provision is contained in
the harbor bill, which had been before the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union. If such a provision could be necessary
in the harbor bill, it was much more .important
in this bill, as it contained a much larger number
of appropriations for surveys. Besides, Congi ess
looked to the reports of the engineers to establish
(he importance and utility of the pioposed im-
provements. These reports came from men of
science and experience employed bythe Govern-
ment, who wcreentireiydisinterested,andshould
embody all the facts within the knowledge of the
engineers materially connected with the proposed
improvements to enable CongrebS to come to
correct conclusions in regard to them.
The section was then adopted.
Mr. HAWES moved that the committee rise;
Which was lost.
Mr. JARVISoffered an additional section,pro-
viding that none of the light-houses should be
commenced  until  the proper examinations  be
*made by the Secretary of the Treasury, winch
was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported U)
the House.
CVMBERLAN  ROAD BILL.
The committee next took up the bill from the
Seriate to continue the Cumberland road in tjrt
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Hlinois.
The question pending was on ah amendment
to the bill reported by the" Committee on Roads
and Canals, to change the road from aJmdcadam-
igerl road to a railroad
