588
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBR
June 27i
After some remarks by Mr. MERGER, Mr. |
L\NE   Mi. JACKSON'of Massachusetts, Mr. !
VÍÑTO.Ñ, Mr. CAMHRELENG, Mr. HAN-
NEGAN.   Mr.   REYNOLDS of   Illinois,  Mr.
Kl.VNAUn. ami Mr. CRANE.
Mr. OWENS moved the.t the committee rise;
which motion was disagreed to—ayes 58, noes
65.
After some further remarks by Mrssrs. MER-
CER and McCARTY, the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. COR WIN offered as an amendment to the
bill t!it- appropriations contained in the bill from
the Committee of Ways and Means, for roads
in the Territories of Michigan, Arkansas, and
Florida.
After a few remarks by Messrs. REYNOLDS,
LANE, COR WIN, and MASON of Virginia,
the amendment was rejected.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
Mr. UAWES then moved that the committee
rise; which was decided in the affirmative—ayes
64, noes 57
On motion of Mr. WISE, the House adjourned,
at a quarter past eight o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Mosdat, Jiuu 27,1836.
The CHAIR communicated a letter from Wil-
liam Brent and other citizens of Washington,
proposing to sell to the United States the building
on Capitol Hill, formerly occupied by Congress,
for the use of the Patent Office; which was laid
on the table.
Mr. WHITE presented the proceedings and
resolutions of sundry citizens of Tennessee, rec-
ommending the speedy recognition of the inde-
pendence of Texas; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Pi-
nance, reported the bill from the House making
appropriations for certain fortifications of the
United States, with amendments; which were
read, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Committee
on Military Affairs was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the papers relating to the
claims of certain States for interest on their ad-
vances during the late war.
AGENT TO TEXAS.
Mr. PRESTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, Tliat provision ought to be made by law for
defraying the expensesof an a^eotto Texas, whenever the '
President shall deem such appointment necessary.
RECONSIDERATION.
On motion of Mr. TOMLINSON, the vote on
the passage of the bill granting pensions to cer-
tain persons therein named was reconsidered; and
the bill was laid on the table.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally read the third
time, and passed:
The bill for the relief of Ephrnim Page;
The bill regulating the pay of the officers pf
the United States Marine Corps;
The bill for the relief of the widow of Peter
Smith;
The bill to create a new land district in the
State of Alabama; and
The bill to remit the duties upon certain goods
destroyed by fire at the late conflagration in the
city of New York.
VETO MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the bill ap-
pointing the time for the future meetings and ad-
journments of Congress, that had been returned
to the Senate with the veto of the President, was
taken up; the question being, " Shall this bill pass
with the majority of two thirds, as required by
the Constitution? and, after a debate, in which
Messrs.MORRISvGOLDSBOROUGH.WALL,
SOUTHARD, PORTER, and NILES, partici-
pated, the question was taken; and the bill was
rejected by the following vote:
YEAS — Messrs.   Bayard, Hueltasan,  Clay, Clayton,
Davis, GoMsborotnth, Hendricks, Kent, Knight, Moore,
Morris, Robbins, Robinson, Southard, Swift, Tipton, and
Webster—16.
XAY:*—Messrs. Renton, Rlnrk.Rrown, Calhoun, Cuth-
bert. E wine of Illinois, Grundy. Hubbard. Kins of Alabama,
King of Georgia, Lcurli, Linn, Mangum, Nicholas, Nile?,
Papo, Porter, Rives, i ¡Ulmadge, Walker, Wall, White, and
Wii-ht—03.
MEETINGS  OF CONGRESS.
Mr. CLAYTON, on leave, introduced a bill
providing for the future annual meetings of Con-
gress on the first Monday of November in every
year; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
PATENT OP JOSEPH GRANT.
The bill to renew the patent of Joseph Grant
was taken up; and the pending amendment hav-
ing been concurred in, it was ordered tobe en-
grossed for a third reading.
PAYMENT OF INDEMNITY.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to lay the preceding
orders upon the table, that the Senate might take
up the bill to anticipate the payment of the in-
demnities due to the claimants under the French
and Neapolitan treaties.
Mr. W. was not disposed, at this stage of the
session, to occupy, unnecessarily, the time of the
Senate with this or any other bill; but he rriust
say he considered this one of the most important
public bills upon the files of the Senate. There
was now a pressure upon the money market in
all the trading towns, and he knew of no way in
which Congress could so effectually contribute to
the relief of the mercantile interests, to the extent
proposed, as by the passage of this bill. Every
Senator would recollect that the installments were
still due under the French treaty—the one to
become due in one, and the other in two years
from the present time. Under the Neapolitan
treaty his recollection was, that seven installments
were yet due, to be paid annually. It would,
therefore, be seven years before the money would
be paid under this last treaty. All the money due
under both treaties was bearing an interest of at
least four per centum per annum, which would
make the advance of the money a safe and prof-
itable operation for the Treasury, while its ad-
vance would contribute instant relief, to the
amount of about four millions of dollars, to the
great mercantile interests of the Country, which
were now suffering for the want of immediate cash
capital. The present condition of the Treasury
would permit the advance without any injury to
any national interest, and he most earnestly hoped
that the bill would be taken up, and would meet
the favor and approbation of the Senate.
Mr. W. said his object in making the motion
at this time was, that it might be a test of the dis-
position of the Senate as to the bill itself.   He
had made the motion a few days since, unsuc-
cessfully, and he had not, at that time, made any
explanations whatever" of his views in reference
to the bill and its public importance.    He now
hoped he might so far obtain the attention of the
members of the body as to prepare every Senator
to vote upon the motion he had now made with
reference to the fate of the bill.   There could be
no questions of detail.    The only provisions con-
tained inthebill,aftdtheonlyprovieione required,
were that the money should be advanced from
: the Treasury to the claimants, and that the aesign-
! ments of their claims against these respective for-
! eign Governments be taken by the United States
¡! in exchange  for the money.    The effect would
I' mefety be an investment of the money at -an in-
terestof four per cent, per anmirti, while the cap-
ital advanced would go to the immediate relief of
the mercantile interests.    He had made careful
inquiries at the Treasury, arid found that the ap-
propriation would not vary far from four millions
of dollars, and would not, very certainly, exceed
that sum.
Mr. W. said he had made these remarks that
the vote might be decisive of the fate of the bill
for the present session. If the Senate should
refuse, upon the present occasion, to take up the
bill, he should not feel it to be his duty again to
move it. He therefore would ask the yeas and
nays upon the question, that the expression might
be decisive and satisfactory, as well to the Sen-
ate as to the parties and interests concerned.
After a few words of conversation between
Messrs. WEBSTER, PORTER, LINN, and
WRIGHT, the vote was taken and the motion
was lost. The yeas and nays upon it were as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton. Cutiibeit, Ewmg of Illinois,
Gruudy, Hubbard, lung of Alabama, liiusj of Georgia'
Lcurh, Alums, Nicholas, Nile*, V.\¿c, Uivos, Iiu'" les Tall-
in.ulae. W.ilkei, Wall, and Wright— It*.           "   "'
NAYS—Messrs. Rajnril. Tilaek, Brown, Buchnnnn, Cal-
houn, Clny, Clayton, Crittenden, Dnvi.->, (*oldabiirou<:h,
lleudncks, Knight, J-.«i(ih, Munguni, I'oiter, Robbing.
Southard, Swift. Tipton, WebMei, and White—31.
WESTERN ARMORY.
The bill to establish a foundcry, an armory in
the West and one in the South, arsenals in the
States in which the same have not yetbeen estab-
lished, and depots for arms in certain States and
Territories, was taken up and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CALHOUN thought it was too late in the
session to act oiva bill of such importance, involv-
ing such heavy appropriations; and he would
therefore move that it be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. LINN hoped that the postponemen t would
not be ordered. For many years Congress had
acted in both of its branches favorably for an arm-
ory inthc West, though not in both at the same
time, and there had never been a doubt of the
importance of some of the objects included in this
bill.
The history of the last war showed the great
importance of an armory on the western waters,
and, in farther confirmation of the necessity of
one there, he would call the attention of gentle-
men to the report of the Secretary of War on the
subject. The Secretary (Mr. L. said) went into
an exact estimate of the difference of the cost of
arms manufactured in the West and those man-
ufactured cast of the mountains, the difference
1 being in favor of the former. The importance of
an armory in the West in the time of war was
manifest-, every one acquainted with the resources
of Missouri would at once see the great econ-
omy there would be in having arms manufactured
there. Within a compass of twenty miles square
in that State, could be found every material used
both in the manufacture of arms and of gutipow-
der; and this, too, where there were the greatest
facilities for water transportation. He regretted
that the armory for the West did not stand in a
bill by itself; but, as it was, he should vote for
the whole bill.
Mr. BENTON observed that there were now
nine or ten arsenals in the United States, distrib-
uted in the different States—principally at the
north^-and it Was thought right by the Military
Committee, that there should  be one in every
State in the Union.     It was thought right that
erery State should be put on the same footing
with the eight or nine States who now had arse-
; nals.    With respect to the armory, it rested on
I different foundations.    We of the West (said he)
I have for fifteen years been endeavoring to get an
¡ armory established on our waters. We have had
I reports upon reports in favor of it—all showing
! that the expense of the transportation of arms
] beyond the mountains was of itself sufficient to
1 authorize the measure.    As  the arms on hand
¡ became fewer and fewer, in- consequence of use
and decay, it would readily be seen what a sup-
ply the West would require for her constantly
growing population.    History showed the im-
possibility of supplying a country with arms at
any one period.   The supply mast be constantly
going on.   In England and France, the manufac-
ture of arms was eontinued-with as much regt  
larity as if they had never manufactured arms at
all.   Now, i - Europe, the regular armies only
were aimed, while the body of the people went
nnarmed.   Oar people should be well armed, and
not suiFeted to muster in time of peace with corn-
stalks, ami to carry arms in time o{ war that they
are afraid of.   The secret of the great suceesB of
the western people in battle, was in their being
accustomed from their childhood to the handling
of arms.   Mri B. referred to a report of th« Sec 
retary ©f War in 1818, which recommended an
armory in the western waters, on account of
cheapaes*, and the considerable expense that
would be. saved in transportation.   We of the
West (said Mr. B.) have miscarried, heretofore,
by endeavoring to fix Upon the place. They had
sow abandoned that idea, and left the location to
