1886.
THE (JONGttEHSlONAL GLQKB:
tm
tlio i!it-v.rouoii of the Executive.   They saw that ||
ol w.L  two ntirtnue* of the United States, both
\,  i    o.w <>t thi' mountains, and  if a line weie
o .    n n  n 1" or.iH point to Maim, they would
t>.   . >'uid :.i a ]«irioi of the Union.
1' .0LAV10\ oiit-eit til that Ins impressions
U' v in i tvoi ot this bill; but ¡>e opened an ap-
pi <| i it . n ot ?4tA),OoO toi a foundcry, and he
<*< smd !•  Know tvnoie it was to be located.
Vr 1 P^v lt>> it plied that the object was to
l.«\v .i p.uit in loundtrv at the sent of Govern-
in i. to lump to the came test, not only the cal-
ió i oí all the ¿uii.s, but the metal used in making
i     n.
Mi. KING, of Alabama, said that he was rather
in tVor t'f the s^iieral objtcts of the bill; but, on
t \ u in lumn, it seemed to him that there were
some objections to it. He thought, as the bill
stood, tho toundery might Ixj located either at
Lmutfti.ie or St. Louis. The Southwest, too,
the most impoitaiit p.u t of the Union foranaim-
oi y, was entirely excluded from the bill. It had
herttofore been considered that the most favor-
able position for an arnioiy was at the bend of
the Tennesee river, west of the Muscle Shoals,
w ht.re cteiy contuuence of watei power, facili-
tas nf transportation, and materials, were to be
fi ua-d. H- thought this would be the most fa-
\ >> i' 'i ;> initio i f r an mmori, as it would there
bt most ¿ommii-nt for all the western and south-
 lS <.rn States Willi it sard to arsenals of deposit,
every geutlunan would see the propriety of
h mng t.-iein in en ry State for the purpose of
kupoiying arms to the militia. No gentleman,lie
Ir ¡toted, would object to this. With regard to
aiM iials of constiuction, he understood it as an-
other name for an awnory. Why should they
h*v< one hi the Soutii.aiid one m the West, and
establish anethtr arsenal of construction at St.
Lmu< • An arhtnal of coiu tructioi[> he presumed,
was for the manutacJure of small arms, audit was,
tlu reiore, the same tliiug as an armory. He would
tote against the indefinite postponement of the
lull, with a tiew of having such amendments
made as would relieve it fiom any objection .
Mr. PORTER said he agreed with the Senator
from \Iabarna, that there was no particular reason
for hut mg an armoiy in the South. He believed
that St. Louis was as-advantageous a position for
Louisiana as any other place, considering the
facilities of transportation from there.
Mr. LINN, in reply to Mr. KING of Alabama,
said that he really thought that the gentleman's
State belonged to the West. He liad always
been very willing to claim Alabama as a western
State. The position spoken of by the gentleman
from Alabama had been recommended, when the
resources of Missouri were not so well under-
stood as they now were. When he was up
before, he remarked, that within the compass of
twenty miles square in Missouri, could be found
all the advantages of water power, with the facil-
ities of transportation to any part of the West,
togi ther w ith all the materials in the greatest
abui.dance used in the manufacture of arms and i
ammunition; such as iron, copper, coal, manga- >'
nese, ^nc, ammonia, niter, sulphur, and lead.
He was perfectly willing that Missouri should
enter into competition with Alabama, and to yield
to the latter, if she could show superior advan-
tages for an armory on her waters.                         '
Mr. CALHOUIs .after some remarks, renewed
his motion for the indefinite postponement of the
bill.                                                                              !
Mr. JUNG, of Georgia, said, that as respected
additional armories, the report of the Secretary ,
of War was decidedly averse to them. If an
armory was established in the West, we thought
oneof^hose now existing ought to be abolished.
The Secretary said that the present establish?-
ments could turn out about thirty or forty thou-
sand sfeind of arms a year, and that there were
about eighty thousand now on hand—a number.,
he should suppose, sufficient forthe present wants
of the country. He was not disposed (Mr. K.
said) to increase the number of armories, but he
would \jc very willing to support the principles
of thisibill so far as to establish depots for arms
\p the j$tates where there were no arsenals. But,
as it was suggested by the Senator from South
Carolina, they had hardly time this session to
act with a -sufficient understanding of the subject,
and he hoped the motion to postpone would pre-
vail.                                                                               I
After some relinks fiom Messrs. LINN and
WALL, in opposition to the postponement, the
question was taken on Mr. Calhoitv's motion,
and it was rejected by the following vote:
YE VS—Mew*. Calhoun, Crittenden, Kent. Kins of
(¡coram, knight, M.uiguiu, Mourn, Page, Prtatou, ltohbuis,
Southard, mid dual—12
\VVrt — Mi obrs. lient >n, Rlack, Rrovtn, Ruclianan,
Cutuhert, Jiwin^ot Illinoi--,<jtuldsboroueli,Hendnck i Hub
Hard, King ot Alabama, Linn, \ielioia-,, Porter, Robin&on,
Ringlet, TaNiiutdge, í'iplon, Walktr, Wall, WebsUr,
W lute, and Wright—22.
After some remarks from Messrs. BENTON
and BUCHANAN in favor of the bill, and from
Mr. KING, of Georgia, iu favor of postpone-
ment, Mr. K. moved to lay the bill on the table;
which mot ion was rejected—yeas 16, nays 17
Mr. KING, of Alabama, moved to strike out
tiie armory in the South; and after some remarks
from Messrs. CALHOUN and PRESTON, in
opposition to the motion, it was carried.
Mr. K. moved further to amend the bill by
inserting the words "or Southwest." The effect
of this amendment is to leave it to the discretion
of the President to locate the armory either in
the West or Southwest.
The motion was adopted.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the arsenal of
construction at St. Louis was stricken out; after
which
The bill was ordered to be engrossed fbr a
third reading.
PAINTINGS FOR THE ROTUNDA.
Otimotion of Mr. PRESTON, the resolution
for furnishing the rotunda with paintings was
taken up, and ordered to a third reading.
STATUARV FOR THE CAPITOL.
On motion of Mí. 'WEESTER, the resolution
providing for procuring models and plans for a
group of statuary for the east front of the Cap-
itol, was taken up, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
JOHN RANDOLPH CLAT, AND OTHERS.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the bill for the re-
lief of John Randolph Clay and Thomas T. Bar-
ton, was taken up and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and after being amended no as
to include certain allowances to Thomas L. L>.
Brent and Geoige F. Brown, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
BILLS ORDERED TO A THIRD READING.
The following bills were severally read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
(he Whole, and ordered to a third reading:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Michael Fen wick, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Andrew Hoover, of In-
diana;
The bill confirming to the legal representatives
of Thomas F. Reddick a tract of six hundred and
forty acres of latid;
The bill for the relief of George F. Strother;
The bill for the relief of James Alexander and
Ira Nash;
The bill for tlie relief of Andrew Armstrong;
The bill for the relief of William Tharp; and
The bill for the relief of John Cummins.
After the consideration of executive business,
the Senate adjourned.
-------------------------------------------------------------,—,,, i .i,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 27, 1836.
Petitions and  memorials were  presented  by
Mr. GIDEON LEE, and Mr. HAZELTINE, df
New York;
Mr. PHILLIPS, of Massachusetts;
I     Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania; and
Mr. HOWARD, of Maryland^
INDEPENDENCE OF TE£AS.
Mr. BELL presented a memorial anfi resolu-
tions of a large and respectable roeejfng of the,
citizens of Nashville, Tennessee, in favor of rec-
ognizing the independence of Texas.        ,
Mr. BELL then moved a suspension of ¿he
rules for tfte purpose of offering a resolution pro-
viding that an appropriation be made for the
salary and outfit of, a minister to Texas at as
early a day as the President might deem expe-
dient and proper.
Mr. BOYD asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, suggested that, as
numerous petitions had been piesentcd on the
same subject, and íeferied to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, which would report in a few
days, the gentleman from Tennessee had better
adopt the same course with regaid to the piesent
memorial
Mr. BELL said he did not feel himself justi-
fied in adopting the suggestion, since he had no
knowledge or intimation of the character of the
report that would come from that committee.
Mr. MANN, of New Yoik, then moved to
lay the whole subject on the tabic; and
Mr. HAWES asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and were—yeas 135, nays
5G.
So tho motion to lay the whole subject on the
table was decided in the affirmative.
ALTERATION OF THE RULES.
Mr. VINTON moved a suspension of the rules,
for the purpose of offering the following lesolu-
tion:
Raaolvci by the Senate w i Jhusc of Representatives  f
the United States of America is Congress assembted, That
the following «hall he a standing joint rule of the two
Hou«e«, viz That after six diy  from the commencement
ot a second or other «uhsequent  ss,K>n of anv Congres*,
except  he final wjsmqi  ot such Congress, all bills and joint
resolutions, which originated in, and had passed either
House, and at the close oí the next preceding session re
mained undetermined in the other Hou^e, shall be resumed,
and acted on in the House whore it remained undeterm-
ined, in the hiine wanner as if an adjournment "ad n<"
taken place
The motion to puspend, was tagieed to—ayes
1J3, noes 45,            ,
Mr. HAWES moved to pofctpp-ne the further
consideration of the resolution till Friday next.
After a few words fiom Mr. VINTON, th«
motion was disagreed to; and after some remark?
from Messis. MASON of Virginia, VINTON,
MILLER, and SPEIGHT,
Mr. THOMAS expressed an earnest bope that
the rule would be adopted. He had some expe-
rience on this «abject. Tb - rule, if adopted,
would operate chiefly on bills providing for tha
payment of priirste ataims. Bills  of a general
character, which Bad passed one branch of Con-
fres,s, were nearly all disposed of by the other
louse before a  adjournment, because they did
not fad to «reate sufficient interest to insure such
aetion. It is otherwise with private bills. Many
of them are acted on in one or the other House,
without being finally disposed of before an ad-
journment. By 6«r rules, as they now are, bills
in this condition are in effect rejected. And at
the next session, the petitions which gave oiigin
to them are to be presented anew, and the claims
are to undergo a new examination. This pro-
ceeding imposes on the members of the House
unnecessary labor. It often happens that the
committees are changed in the mean time; and if
only one new member is placed on a committee,
the whole matter is to be reexamined, that he may
act utiderstandingly. By this means members
who pay attention to husmees in a committee-
room are engaged in maturing these private bills
for the action of the House, and- must necessarily
be deprived of a large proportion of that time
needed to be prepared to take part n  the proceed-
ings of Congress on subject  of a more general
character. The gtealmass of private business be-
fore Congress unavoidably prolongs greatly us
session*. If members could be relieved of die la-
bor of examining and reexamining these private
claims, by aiule which would insurefinal action on
all which have been passed by either House, they
could then lend their aid to giws impulse to the
proceedings of Congress on business of a public
character. The rule ought to be adopted, no 
only to relieve the member* of the House from
unnecessary labor, but to insure a speedy pay-
ment to-all claimants of their just dues.
Mr SUTHERLAND moved the previous
oueitMMi-, which was seeonded by the House—
UyCB 100, oes. not counted; anfl the main que*.
1 tion being ordered,                            j                 __
,    Mfc-Sb-WARD ¡asked /o* tb* yew «d "«y*.
