6Í*>
1MB CONGRESSIONAL GL0HE.
June 27,
bttt the House refused to order them* and the
resolution wis adopted without fi count.
PRFSEM^TION  OF MEMORIALS, ETC.
Pttitnns and memoinls wen, presented by
Messis  STOKER and JONES of Ohio,
Mi DICKSON, of Mississippi, [a memorial
from the citizens ofClaiboint county, Mississippi,
on the - ibji tt of tin ítcogmüon oí the mdepend-
enct of Texas ]
Mi G VRLAND, of Louisiana, moved a sus-
pension of the rule to enable him to offer a reso-
lution to rescind the joint resolution fixing the
day of adjournment, and extending the time to
Monday, the 11th of July
Mi ROBERTSON moved to lay the motion
on the tibl , whereupon,
Mi   GIRL AND withdrew the motion.
Mi C VSEY presented several petitions (in the
abstnee of Mr. Si yier) fiomthe citizens of Ark-
ansas on the subject of internal impiovements
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr MILLER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, on leave, made a report in favor of
Ransom Clarke, accompanied by a bill granting
him an increase of pension, which was read twice
and commuted
On motion of Mr. MILLER, the House went
mto Committee of the Whole (Mr. Casey in the
chair) on the above bill.
Mr BR1GGS moved to increase the pension
to $8 a month, instead of $4, which was lost
The committee then rose and reported the bill
to the House
Mr. BR1G&S renewed his amendment offered
in committee; which was lost.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading to-day
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee of
Claims, reported various Senate bills referred to
that committee, without amendment.
Mr. W. also reported the following Senate bills,
accompanied by reports that they be rejected'
An act for the relief of the officers of the United
and States sloop of war Boston;
An act for the relief of Daniel Steenrod.
REDUCTION OF THE REVENUE.
Mr. McKAY asked leave to offer the following
resolutions:
Resolved, That the power of Coking money from the peo-
ple, by laying and collecting duties, imposts, and excises, is
one of the most sacred oí tilt trust  vested in tht General
Government; that it is conferred solely to enable it to com-
Biand the necessary means to execute the objects for which
it was instituted, and that to exact money from the people
when not necessary for those objects, or more than may be
necessary, would be, on the part of the Government, a man-
ifest breach of trust, and to the people unjust and oppres-
sive
Resolved, That the revenue receivable order the present
laws is, and will be, more than is required lor the fair and
legitimate Wants of the Government, and that provision
ought to be mtde for its redaction
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury report to
this House, at the commencement of the next session, what
alteration can be made in the existing tariff of duties con-
sistently v\ ith the principles of the several acts imposing
duties upon imports, with a view to reduction
Resolved, Tim the Secretary of the Treasury also report
upon the best mode of diminishing the revenue arising from
the public lands, without retarding the settlements of the
new States or impairing the interests of the General Gov
ernment, and, generally, his views as to the best mode of
reducing the revenue to the fair and constitutional wants
of the Government-
Objection being made,
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved a suspen-
sion of the rules, and asked for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY wished the House to indulge
him in making a few remarks explanatory of his
vote on the resolution. He was delicately sit-
uated. He was in favor of one part of the res-
olution, and opposed to the other. He desired a
reduction of the price of the public lands, but
was against a reduction of the tariff.
The CHAIR decided that it was out of order
to debate the proposition to suspend.
Mr. SLADE moved a call of the House.
Mr. VANDERPOEL asked for the yeas and
nays, but the* wetfe refused; and the House also
refused to order a call of the House.
The question on suspending the rules vat then
taken, and decided in the negative—yeas 127,
nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Met * Ashley, Barton ,Beal«^B«ail,B aumont,
Boll, Bockee, Boon, Bouldin, Bovec,Boyd, Brown,Bunch,
Burns, Bynum, Cambrcleng, C impbell, Oarr,Carter, Casey,
Chanev, Chapman, Lhapin, \itliamel II Claib >rne, Joh i
T. H Clubirne Cleveland, Cole-, Connor, Craig Cull
mmi, Dm-, Dick-on, Douhlutav Dromgoole, Dunlap,
Lftiier, I urtield, I arlm, Fori stcr French, Fn, William
K Fuller, Oalhruth, Junes (.arlind, Gillet, Grantlaiid,
Grij-on, Joseph IIU! II uncr \lbcrt G Harrison, Ilatti ,
Hiwkim-, Hivne , Howard, Huntington, Huntsman, Ing
him Jabez Jackson, Jan i-, Jo-* ph Johu-on, Richard M
Johnson, Cave Jolm-on, John W Jones, Benjamin Jones,
Kennon, Kilgore, Lane, Lan-ing Lawler, Gideon Lee,
Joshua Lee, Luke Lea, Leonard Levi is, Logan, Lovall,
Lucas Lvon AbijahMann Job Mann, Martin, John Y Ma
son William Mason Moses Mason, Maurv, Mav, McKav,
McKcon, Mckim, McLene, Montgomery, Moore, Morgan,
Owens, Page, Park , Patterson, I'aiton, Pettigrevv, Phelps,
Pinckncj, Itenchei, John Revnold , Joseph Reynolds,
Roane, Robertson, Sevmour, William B Shepard, Shields,
Sickles, Smith Speight, Standetir, Taliaferro, Taylor,
Tbomas, John Thomson Touei v, Towns, Turner, Turrill,
Vanderpoel, Wagoner, H aril, Webster, Week , and Wise
—126
N \YS—Me-srs Adams, Chilton Allan, Ileman Allen,
Anthony, Bond, Boiden, Briess,Buchanan John Calhoun,
William B Calhoun, John Chambers, Child*, Clark, Cor-
vvin, Crane,Cuslnng,üarlington, Denny, Dicker-on, Ever
ctt, Rice Garland, Grangi r, Grave ,Grennell, riiland H ill,
Hard, Harlan, Harper, Samuel S Harrison, Hazeltme,
Heister, Hoar, Howell, Hubley, Hunt, IngereoU, William
Jackson, Janes, Jenifer, Ileniy Johnson, Judson, Laporte,
Lawrence, Lay, Thomas Lee, Lincoln, Love, McCarty,
McKennan, Mtrcer, Alilhgan Morns, Muhlenberg, Parker,
Dutee J Pearce, James A Pearce, Phillips, Potts, Reed,
Slade, Spangler, Sprague, Storer, Sutherland, Underwood,
"Vinton, Waidwell, Washington, White, Ehaha Whittle
sey, Lewis W uliain-, and Sherrod Williams—73
So there not being two thuds voting in the
affirmative, the íules weie not suspended.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr CONNOR, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, repoi ted the Senate's
amendments, without amendment, to the post
route bdl; which was committed.
MEDAL OF MAJOR HENRT LEE.
On motion of Mr TALIAFERRO, the joint
resolution providing for the execution of a gold
medal ordered by a resolution of the Continental
Congress of 1779, to be delivered to Major Honry
Lee, was taken up, read a second time, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Ineffectual attempts were made to change the
order of business by
Mr. GALBRAITH, to take up and consider
a memorial presented by him on the subject of
banks, whith had been laid on the table Mr.
G.'s object was (he said) to refer it to a select
committee, with a view to its consideration at the
next session of Congress,
Mr WHITE, of Florida, to take up and con-
sider, on to-morrow, all the bills granting rights
of way to canal and railroad companies through
the public lands of the United States, and
Mr CONNOR, to proceed with the considera-
tion of the bilí to change the organization of the
Post Office Department.
On motion of Mr. MAY, it was
Rcsolied, That the Committee of Claims inquire into the
expediency of compensating William L Campbell for a
horse lost by him while in the service of the United States
during the late Indian disturbances in Illinois
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the
SPECIAL ORDER.
On motion of Mr. SUTHERLAND, the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Lincoln in the chair.)
Mr. OWENS rose to make an appeal to the
House which, when he stated the reasons for it,
he was sure the committee would attend to. He
rose to move to give priority in the committee to
the T>iH reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means making appropriations to carry into effect
certain Indian treaties. Mr. O, conceived it to
be the duty of the committee to take up'the bill
at once; and the1 reason he would give he was
satisfied would induce them to act upon it with-
out delay. He (Mr. O ) had received informa-
tion from Georgia, from individuals of all parties,
that the Cherokees were in a very distressed con-
dition, being destitute of food—that many of them,
men, women, and children, were traversing the
country fifty and sixty miles from their residence
in search of Subsistence—those having means
purchasing tt—others depending upon the charity
of the people. At the time of the negotiation of
the treaty, the condition of the Cherokee peop'e
was well known, they having lost then crops
during the last fall by thf early frosts The ex-
igency was piovided for b-\ the eighteenth clause
of the treaty, stipulating that pio-vmons be fur-
nished them Mr O thercfoic uiged his motion,
and regaided its adoption notas a matter of policy
or political expediency, but as one of humanity,
and could not anticipate its rejection.
Mr. ASHLEY objected, on thp ground that he
wished the Cumberland road bills first disposed
of, as they had precedence in the order of the
House.
Mr. Owens's motion was then ncgahved.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
The committee then took up the bill making
appropriations for certain military and other
roads, and for examinations and surveys for the
year 1836
Mr. CORWIN moved to strike out the items tn
this bill foi continuing the Cumberland road m
the States of Ohio and Indiana, on the ground
that they were embraced in another bill, which
was agreed to
Mr C also moved an amendment for a road
from La Plaisance bay to Chicago, $7,000, which
was agreed to
Mr. ASHLEY proposed to amend the item m
the bill providing for the construction of a road
from the southern boundary of Missouri to Red
river, by striking out the words, " southern
boundary of Missouri," and inserting, as the
place of beginning, " on the Mississippi, at Mad-
rid," which was agreed to
Various other amendments were submitted by
Messrs REYNOLDS of Illinois, ASHLEY,
HARPER, MERCER, MASON of Virginia,
JACKSON of Massachusetts, and GARLAND
of Virginia, some of which were agreed to, and
others rejected; and after some remarks from
Messrs. SUTHERLAND, ASHLEY, JACK-
SON of Massachusetts, KINNARD, MER-
CER, CORWIN, LANE, HARPER, PAT-
TON, and GARLAND of Virginia, the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House.
BRIDGE OVER THE OHIO.
The committee next took up the bill for the
erection of a budge across the river Ohio, on the
route of the Cumberland road, which was con-
sidered, and the blanks filled up.
NATIONAL ROAD TO THE MISSISSIPPI.
The bill to continue the national road from
Vandalia to the Mississippi river, in the State of
Illinois, and from the Mississippi river to Jeffer-
son City, in the State of Missouri, was taken
up, and after some discussion between Messrs.
REYNOLDS of Illinois, HAWES, MERCER,
BOON, KINNARD, and VINTON, the com-
mittee rose without taking the question; and the
House took a recess till four o'clock.
EVENING SESSION
The following bills from the Senate were sev-
erally read a first and second time, and referred
to appropriate committees:
An act to regulate the pay of the officers of the
United States Marine Corps;
An act for the settlement of the claim of the
executrix of Richard W. Meade;
An act to remit the duties upon certain goods
destroyed by fire, at the late conflagration in the
city of New York;
An act to cieate a new land district in the State
of Alabama,
An act for the relief of the widow of Peter
Smith; and
An act for the relief of Ephraim Page
The bill for the relief of Ransom Clark was
read the third time, and passed
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The House then again went into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr Lw-
colv in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the bill to continue the national road from
Vandalia to the Mississippi river, in the State of
Illinois.                                                          ^.
The question pending •was the motion of Mr.
