¿82
Tm QamKEmiQ$áJ* m/xm.
Jims 88,
NWYS-Messw. Ulack, C'W- C'layWB. t4 «c«<j£,"> Ü41:
vis. C..W-boronjtli, Leigh, Moore, Porter, Southard, and.
White-II.
HOl'SE HILLS REFERRED.
Tin.' Mowing bills from the House were sever-
allv read twice and referred:
The 1m!! making ail; tional appropriations for
On- Delaware breakwater, and tor certain har-
bors, and for removing obstruction.? at the mouths
of certain rivers, for the year 1^36; and
The bill eraiitmg "  increase of pension to
Rnnson Clark, a soldier of the Revolution.
The Senate dien adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TvESDAY,.r<lt!lf 09,  183R.                       \
On motion of Mr. JARAIS, a select joint com-
mittee of five, on the part of the House, to act
with the committee on the part of the Senate,
was appointed on the joint resolution to provide
a series of historical paintings to fill the vacant
panels of the rotunda of the Capito!.
COOKS TO MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
On motion of Mr. INGERSOLL, the House
took up die resolution offered by him on a former'
day, to furnish such books to the new members
of the present Congress as liad been furnished to
the old members. The rules having been sus-
pended by a vote of 117 to 31,
Mr. INGERSOLL modified the resolution by
limiting it to the following books:
Diplomatic Correspondence; Documentary History Qf üie
Revolution; The Land Laws; The American State Papers;
The Register of Debates j Contested Elections; Commer-
cial Regulations; Elliott"^ Debates; and providing that^ if
any woik be out of print, it should not be reprinted.
Mr. McKENNAN moved die previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD requested the gentleman to
withdraw the motion, as Mr. H. was instructed
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs to move an
additional work, which would be accepted by the
mover of the resolution as a modification.
Mr. McKENNAN could not withdraw the
motion, as he believed the House was fully pre-
pared to vote upon it.
The motion for the previous question was then
seconded—66 to 39-, and the main question being
ordered thereon,
Mr. HARDIN asked for the yeas and nays}
which were ordered, and were—yeas 107, nays
68.
So die resolution was adopted.
DIPLOMATIC CODE.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a resolution directing the
Clerk of the House to subscribe and pay for three
hundred copies of Elliot's Diplomatic Code; one |
copy to be distributed to each member of Con-
gress, and the residue to the heads of the De-
partments, Library of Congress, &c.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said he felt it
his duty to make a few remarks to the House
before the adoption of the present resplution; he
had  heretofore  objected to  the  course of this
House in book-malting and book-buying for dis-
tribution among the members of this House. The
resolution which had been just passed, offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ij:-
gersoll,] gave to the new members of the present
Congress books which would cost the Govern-
ment, but little less than one hundred thousand
dollars; and would be bestowing upon each new
member books which would cost a little less than
one thousand dollars; and, in his opinion, one
half the sum in money would enable them to
purchase books infinitely more valuable to them
and their constituents.   He had not yet had an
opportunity of ascertaining the cost of the Dip-
lomatic Code now proposed to be purchased by
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Howard.]
He arose now, not with the expectation of arrest-
ing the passage of  the  resolution; he  had no
fight to expect that, after the adoption of the reso-
lution of the gentletnan from Pennsylvania with-
out debate, and the ayes and noes being refused
to be called upon the suspension of the rules to
take up the resolution.   He wished,however, to
state to the House some facts which had been,
communicated (o him, and, which he believed to
be tnje,_ He had been informed that m+uy copies
of the books which had been ordered by the
House to be distributed among the members, for
the last few years, had been taken to the book-
sellers in the city, and sold to them for much less ;
than half the price which had been given by Con-
gress for them, and that the books were retained
by the booksellers to supply other and further
orders made by Congress. He thought the House
should stop such a course by putting an end to
the distribution of books among the members. I
He believed these facts to be true; and if the I
Houíw would alloys him a select committee, ho !
had no doubt he should be able to prove these '
things to its satisfaction. He wished further to
state to the House, that the Committee of Ways
and Means now had under consideration a reso-
lution directing an inquiry as to the propriety of
setting aside the contract for the publication of the
Documentary History, which would be twenty
volumes in each copy, costing about thirteen
dollars a volume. He" hoped the committee had
ascertained facts enough to justify the House in
setting aside the contract. Yet, by the resolution
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, this work
I is ordered to be distributed, and the Clerk would
| of course purchase a copy for each of the new
' members. But he would not further occupy the
time of the House by details at this late period
of the session.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, said such a
feet as that mentioned by the gentleman from
Tennessee should be spread before the nation,
and he hoped the House would indulge the gen-
tleman with a select committee.
Mr. BRIGGS remarked, that if there were in-
dividual members who abused their privilege, or
made what was considered an improper use of it,
diat should not affect the whole body.
Mr. LANE had voted on a former .occasion
for a resolution to furnish the new members,
of which he was one, and he had now voted for
¡ a similar ono; that he had received the books, an4
i had not parted with them,nor should he feel him-
! self at liberty to dispose of them; that he con-
sidered  them  as  belonging to his constituents,
and that he held them as their trustee, and were
there a great library for the District, he should
place them in it as the common property of all.
Mr. BOON said it was clear to his mind that
there was business of much more importance to
be acted upon than talking about subscribing
for books, and therefore he moved the previous
question,
i Mr. HEISTER thought they had done enough
for one day in buying books, and he therefore
moved to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. HARDIN called for the  yeas and nays,
• but they were refused; and the motion prevailed
i —ayes 84, noes not counted.
Í     So the resolution was laid on the table.
|             REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
;     Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported Senate bill, without amend-
ment, for the relief of Thomas Cooper; which
I was committed.
Mr. T., from thesame committee, also reported
i the Senate's joint  resolution  respecting certain
I acts of the Territorial Legislature of Florida; the
| consideration of which, on Mr. T.'s motion, was
postponed till to-morrow.
i Mr. T., on leave, offered the following reso-
lution; which was agreed to:
< Resofcerf,,That the Committee on the Judiciary be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of reporting a joint
resolution prohibiting the further issue of bonds guarantied
by the Territory of Florida, by the Union Bank of Florida,
incorporated by act of the 13th February by the Governor
and Council of that Territory.
books for Members.
i Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennssce, then rose and said
that, after the suggestion of die gentleman from
| Ohio, [Mr. Whittlesey",] he felt it his duty to
; offer to the House a resolution proposing an in-
j quiry into the disposition made of the books
, heretofore distributed by Congress among the
í members. He asked the suspension of the rules
to enable him to offer the following resolution:
Retotred, That a select committee of five be appointed to
inquire into the distribution of the several books ordered to
Ue purchased or printed, and. distributed by Congress,  ineo
[id rep
.                .   ,       'port to the House whether
any of tMv> nave been sold to booksellers, or what other
the year }KJ8 inclusive,
any of tiiéi/ri We been se-------------„...„„, ul „lml uulcr
disposition has been made of them, and the eon of the
books to the Government, and that said committee nave
power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. HAWES asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and were—-yeas 117, riaya
70; not being two thirds, the rules were not sus-
pended.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES—AGAIN.
Mr. CHAPÍN, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of the heira
of Colonel Uriah Forrest; which motion was
agreed to.
On motion of Mr. MASON, of Virginia, the
Committee on Foreign Affairs was discharged
from the further consideration of die memorial of
certain  merchants of the city of New York, in
reladonto the destruction and loss of property at
the siege of Antwerp; and the same was referred
to the President of the United States.
Mr. M., from the same committee, reporter! a
bill for the relief of Alexander Hamilton; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. M., from the same committee, also reported
Senate bill, without amendment, entitled "An act
for giving effect to the eighth article of the' treaty
of 1819 with Spain;" which was committed.
Mr. M., from the same committee, also reported
a bill for the relief of George S. Brown; which
was read twice and committed.
Mr. JONES, of Virginia, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of
Sarah H. B. Stiff; which was read twice and
committed.
j     Mr. MERCER, from the Committee or  Road)?
| and Canals, reported, with an amendment, Sen-
I ate bill authorizing the Washington CountyTurn-
pike Company, in the State of Missouri, to locate
'• and construct a road through the public lands;
| which, on Mr. M.'s motion, was ordered to be
1 engrossed for a third reading to-morrow.
Mr. CRAIG, from the Committee on Revolu-
j tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
i Crawford Johnson; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. C, from the same committee, reported
Senate bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of R-obert White, with a recommendation
diat itdo not pass; which was committed.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill making appro-
, priauons for the suppression of Indian hostilities,
and for other purposes; which was read twice
and committed.
i     Mr. C, from the same committee, reported
! Senate bill, with an amendment, (to the title
only,) entitled " An act to remit the duties of
certain goods destroyed by fire in the late con-
flagration in the city of New York;" which was
committed.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the Com-
mittee of the Whole was discharged from the
further consideration of the Senate bill authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to compromise
all old outstanding claims; and the same was
brought into the House.
Mr. McKIM, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported Senate bill fixing compen-
sation for the principal clerks in the Adjutant
and Inspector General's office; and on his motion,
the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of a pertain
township in Madison county, Illinois; which was
read twice and committed.
Mr. C, from the same committee, reported,
without amendment, Senate bill entitled " Art-
act to amend an act entitled an act authorizing
the laying off a town on Bean river, Illinois;"
which was committed.
Mr. DOUBLEDAY, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill granting an
arrearage of pension to Ephraim Taylor; which
was read twice, and committed.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported several Senate bills of a pri-
vate character without amendment.
Mr. L., from the same committee, also reported
Senate, bill confirming certain claims to lands in
the State of Louisiana.
