594

ThTC  bcjnsr no q- oi uni
l.it Speaker to >k the chair,
BVE\tNG sfesSIOV
attendance
Mr. C VsCY m nod a c id of the Ilotis .
Mi.tiR VNliELl called for the yiaa and nays,
but the House refused to order them; and the
motion for n «ill of the Honsc was agreed to, nnrt
proceeded in for a short time, when, a quorum
Denis found to be present, it was dispensed with.
Several ineffectual motions were made for pri-
ority of business.
RIVER AND HARBOn BILLS.
The bill making additional appropriations for
the Delaware breakwater, and for certain harbors,
and removing obstructions in and at the mouths
of certain rivers, and for other purposes, for the
183(i, was read the third time and pas&t J.
The House then took up the bill making appro-
priations for the improvement of certain haibors
therein mentioned, for the year 1836.
Mr. BELL renewed the motion made by him
in Committee of the Whole, to strike out the
enacting clause of the hill; and on that,motion
called for the yeas and nays; v. Inch were ordered;
and were—yeas 69, nays 96.
So the motion to strike out was decided in. the
negative.                                                                     _,
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved the
previous question; which was not seconded by
the House.*                                       .-., ,   -
The following amendments of the Committee
of the Whole were concurred in:
An amendment appropriating the sum of £300
for an examination of the survey of the passage
of Cobscook bay, in the State of Maine;
An amendment to increase the appropriation
for the Cocheco branch of the Piacauqu.s river,
to §10,000.
Forimproving the harbor at Cattaraugus creek,
strike out " $40,000," and insert " ^1,000."
For deepening the channel of the river Thames,
Connecticut, glá.OüO.
To strike out the following: " For making fur-
ther improvements in th  harbor of Newcastle,
f43,000.
For the improvement of the Maumee river be-
low the rapids, $20,000.
Mr. SUTHERLAND then moved the previ-
ous question; which was seconded—ayes 95, noes
not counted.
Mr. MARTIN called for the yeas and nays on
ordering the main question; which were ordered;
and were—yeas 104, nays 87.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. ROBERTSON called, for the yeas and
nays on the main question, (which was on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed;) which were ordered;
and were—yeas 109, nays 92, as follows:
YEAS—Mess . Adame, Ileman Alten, Ash. Bailey, Bar-
loa, Bean, Boon, Bouldtri, Bovee, Drown, 0um«. Wttlillni
B. Calhoun, Carr, Chañe), Chapín, Child*, Cramer, dish-
ing, Cuabinin. Darlington, Denny, Diekerenn. Doubtuday,
Ettner, Evans, Farhn, William K. Fuller, Gatbraith, Riee
Garland, Gillet, Granger, Grennell, Ililey. Hanwr, Hard,
Harpsr, Samuel 8 Harrison, Albert G. Harrison, II ízelttne.
Hoar, Howard. Howell, Hunt, Huntington, IngersoH, tit?
ham. Jabez Jackson, Jenifer, Richard M. Jo'm^on, Henry
Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Judaon, Kilgore, Kcnnon, Km-
nard. Lane, Lansing, Lawrence, Lay, Gid.'on Lee, Jaslma
Lee, Thomas Lee, Leonard, Lincoln, Lave, William Ma^on,
Sampson Mason, Way, McCarry, McKim, McLene, Miller,
Mithgan, Muhlenberg, Owens. Pag?, P¡utcr-on, ütitee J.
Pearee, Pettigrew, Phelps, Phillips, Reed, John Reynold ,
Joseph Reynolds, Russell, Schenck, William B. ¡¿Iiepard,
Shinn. Sickles, Slade, Sloane, Smith, Spragu?, Storer, Suth-
erland, Taylor, Thonns, John Thomson,"Toncey, Tamil,
Vanderpoi'l, Vinton, Ward, Ward well, Washington, Wcb-
iter, Weeks, Ehttha Whittlesey, ind Thomas T. Whittle-
 ey—109.
NAYS—Me«rs. Chilton Allin, Deaurtiom, Bell, Bond,
Borden, Brttg , Buchanan, Bunch, John Calhoon,Ca nbre-
leng, Campbell, Carter. Ciney, George Chainbcn, John
Chambers, Nvlmnicl IJ. Clailiorne, John T. H. Claiborne,
Cleveland, Coffee, Coles, Connor, Ctt¡npn, Craig, Crane,
Debsrry, Dunhp, Everett, Fairfield, Forester, French, Fry,
James Garland, Grantlajid, Graves, Griffin, Joseph Hall,
Ililand Hall, nardin, Harlan, Hawes, Hawkins, Haynri,
Henderson, Ileister, Hopkins, Huhlcy, Huntsman, William
Jackson, Jams, Cave Johni-on, John W. Jones, Lawler,
Luke Lea, Logan, Loyall, Luea<, Lyon, Abijan Mann, Job
Mann,Martin, John Y. Ma^on, Moses Mason, Maury, Mc-
Coinas, McKay, MeKennart, Montgomery, Morgan, Morris,
Parker, Parks, Franklin Pierte, James A. Pearcc, Pmcfc-
nev, Potts, Rencher, Uoane, Robertson, Rogers, Sjvmour,
Shields, Spangler, Sp"ight, Stand"fer, Taliaferro, Towns,
U-id^rwoOd, Wagener, white, Lewis Williams, SUerrod
William , and Wise—92.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time to tiny.                                            11
.-  4
TlfE/ CQNaitp^WU* ft 
'" The bill boinj on its passage,
en ' 'Mr. TI \WES movt il t) recommit it to the
Commuioe «if the Wl ole, Mull instructions to
li'duce I'm* appropriations one half, ana to strike
out the item of ^40,000 for tho improvement at
the mouth of Cattaraugus creek.
Mr. H. Spoke at length tii opposition to the
general principles of the bill. He considered
this but as the beginning of a system which was
to take away millions of the public treasure, and
only to be a benefit to a set of land speculators.
The harbor of Cattaraugus had never been heard
of until it was bought up by land speculators;
and from that time to this, members of Congress
had been continually receiving letters, urging
them to make an appropriation for this place.
He believed there were members in that House
who were engaged in these speculations, and he
warned them to beware, as there was a committee
Appointed to investigate this matter. He hoped,
too, this committee would be vigilant; and if
there were nnv abuses, (which he believed there
were, and believed he could put his finger on
some of them,) that they would ferret them out
and expose them. The appropriations in this
bifl were so distributed as to procure votes: which-
ever State had a large vote in the House got a
large appropriation for improvements. Mr. H.
spoke at great length, and adverted with some
seventy to the course of the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce in relation to this bill,
and pronounced it a bribery and robbery measure
throughout, and only calculated to drain the
Treasury, and prevent the distribution which was
contemplated by the bill passed a few days since.
After R.jeakwg for about three hours, Mr. H.
concluded: and
Mr. SUTHERLAND made a few remarks in
reply, and showed the importance of Cattaraugus
harbor as a port of refuge in case of storms upon
the lake, and moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded by the
House —ayes 101, noes not counted; and the
main question being ordered thereon,
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, called for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. WISE moved that the House adjourn;
which was lost without a count.
The vote was then taken on the main question,
being the passage of the bill; and* it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 85; as follows:
YE \S—Messrs. Adams, Heimn Allen, Ash, Ashley, Bai-
ley, Barton, Bean, Boon, Borden, Biow i, William B. Cal-
lioun. L'arr, Chaney, Chapi>uChilds, Clark, Cramer, Cush-
lag.Cudiman, Darlington, Ueuny,Diekerson,Etiner, Evans,
Farhn, Wtliinm K. fuller, Galhiaith, Rice Garland, Gillet,
Granger, Grennell, Halej, Ilamer, nard, Harper, Albert G.
Harrison, Hazelune. Hoar, Howard, Hunt, Huntington,
Ingersoll, Ingham, Jabez Jaokeon, Janes, Jenifer, Henry
Johtieon, JuuV-on, iCennou, Kilgorc, Kinnard, Lane, Law-
rence^ Lay, Gideon Lee, Joshua Lee, Thomas Lee, Leon-
ard, Lincoln, Love, William Mason, Sampson Mason, May,
MeCartj,McKim, McLene, Miller, Milligan,Muhlenberg,
Owens, Page, Patterson, Dutee J.Pearcc, Pettigrew, Phelps,
Phillips, ttaed, Joseph Reynolds, Ripley, Ru sell, Slunn,
Sickles, Sloane, Smith, Sprague, Storer, Sutherland, Tay-
lor, John Thomson, Toucey,Tamil. "V'ahderpocl, Vinton,
Ward, WardweH, Washington, Webster, Ehsha Whittle-
sev, and Thomas T. Whittlesey—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Clulton Allan, Beale, Beaumont, Bell,
Bond, Bouldm, Bovil, Briggs, Bunch, Bynum, John Cal-
hoon, CambrelPn?, Campbell, Carter, Casey, John Chain
bers, Chiipman, Nathaniel H Claiborne, John F. H. Clai-
borne, Coles, Connojr,  Corwin, Craig, Crane, Denerry,
lightin
Island
or_ near
"Sound,
Diomgoole, Dunlap, Everett, Fairfield, Forester, French,
Fry, James Garland, Grantland, Graves, Grn>son, Griffin,
Joscp'i Hall, Hitarid Hall, Hardin, Harlan, Hawes, Haw-
kins, Haynei, Henderson, Heister, Howell, Hubley, Jarra,
John W.Jones,Lawler, Li ke Lea, Lewis, Logan,Loyall,
Lucas, Lyon. Job Mann, Martin, John Y. Mason, Maury,
McComn*, McKay, "Montgomery t Morgan, Morn-, Parker,
Parks, Patton. James A. Pearee, Pmekney, Uerteher, John
Revnolds, Uoane, Robertson, Rogers, Speight, Srandefer,
Taiidfarro, Towns. Underwood, Wagoner, White, Bherrod
I Williams, and Wise—Só.
j     So the bill w«s passed.
Mr/ WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved that
the Hoase ftdjeurn; which was lost—aye* 55,
nof  90.
The House next took üp the brfl making
appropriations for building hghr-houses, light-
boats, beacon-lights, buoys, and making surveys
for the year 1836.
The following amendments of the Committee
of the Whole were concurred in by the House:
An amendment for the survey of the Kennebec
ritrer, Maine, $500;
■''An amendment to the clause for & survey^ of
Salem harbor, Massachusetts, by adí|in¿ iiL'tin."
and increasing the appropriation $500* "
An amendment to increase the appropriation
for the light-house on Block Island, Rhode
Island, to $5,000;
j\.n amendment for a floating
The míHüIe grounil, on Long
$10,000;
An amendment to insert after the word "Dela-
ware," the words, " and Schuylkill,"$10,000;
An amendment for alight-houRe on James river,
Virginia, $5,000;
An amendment for a survey of Perdido and Pearl
rivers, Louisiana, $450;
Be it further enadci, That the reports upon all the afore-
said survevs shall contain a statement of all such facts
within the knowledge of the engineers respectively making
tho surveys as arc, or may be, materially connected with
the proposed improvements, and also estimates, in detail,
oi tlie ¡.urns oi money neceasary for aucu improvements
respectively ;
An additional section providing that none of
the light-houses should be commenced until the
proper examinations be made by the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Several other amendments of the Committee of
the Whole, which have been heretofore noticed,
■were concurred in by the House.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third lime to-day.
The bill being on its passage,
M r. LANE moved tho previous question; which
was seconded without a division, and the main
question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, called for the
yeas and nays on tlie passage of the bill; which
were not ordered.
The- bill was then passed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved (hat
the House adjourn; which was lost—ayes 55,
noes 67.
The House then took up the bill from the Sen-
ate to continue the Cumbeiland road in the States
of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
The bill being on its passage,
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved the pre-
vious question^____
Mr. EVERETT moved to lay the bill on the
table.                                                          '
Mr. McCARTY called for the yeas and nays
on this motion.
Mr. HARDIN mored a call of theHouse1.'
Mr. HAWES moved that the House adjourn;
which motion was agreed to—ayes 60, noes 53.
So the House adjourned at a quarter past nine
o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 29,1836.
Mr. CLAY presented the petition of sundry
highly respectable citizens of Kentucky, praying
Congress to extend its aid to the Colonization
Society; which was ktid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
,                         BILL INTRODUCED.                    '
Mr. WALL, ón leave, introduced a bill sup-
plementary to the act to regulate the deposits ot
the public moneys; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, leave was granted
to the Committee on Commerce to sit during th«
'  session.
!                             JOHN BRAHAJÍ.
I     On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the
, report of the Secretary of the Treasury in relation
I to the debt due to the United States by the late
John Brahan, deceased, was taken up; the ques-
1 tion being on the motion to print; ana after some
' remarks from Messrs. KING, of Alabama, and
MOORE, the printing was ordered.
j                       FORTIFICATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the bill fromihe
House making appropriations for the fortifica-
1 tions of the United States for the year 1836, was
taken up; and Mr. W. went into an explanation
1 of the details of the bill.
1     Mr. CALHOTJN moved to recommit the bill
| to the Committee on Finance, with instructions
I to reduee the' amount of appropriations an the
ground that it 1fras impossible to "expend so large
