596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jut*' ,
from receiving any emolument from pigeon-holes
or boxes.
Mi.  PHILLIPS
had   moved   to  amend   the
Senate  by addim? a section
amenclmeii' ot the Senate l>y auuing a sre. „
providing iliut when the emolument of postnms
ters shall exceed $2,000 from said boxes, they i
shall account to the Post Office Department for
the sr.me, and pay over the excess to said Depart- |,
ment; and that the postmasters should make re- n
turns of the amount received by them for the rent j
of said boxes.                                                        j
Mr. INGERSOLL called for the reading of a h
memorial on the subject from a number of mer-
chants in Philadelphia, spuing forth thi advan-
tages of the present system, and praying that it
might be continued.
Mr. BRIGGS appealed to his colleague to with-
draw his amendment, especially after the lengthy
discussion which had grown out of the subject |
when the bill was first under consideration in the ',
Committee of the Whole and in the House, as i
well as from the difficulties of the subject itself.
He hoped this point would be suffered to stand i
over to a future session, when Congress mightact ¡
upon it with more information than they were I
now possessed of, and not delay or hazard the
passage of so important a bill as tins on so unim-
portant a matter.
Mr. PHILLIPS could not see any objection to
the adoption of his amendment, and it was abso-
lutely necessary that the abuse that had grown
up under the box system should be removed. He
had no wish to cut down the system, but rather
to render it permanent upon a proper system. It
was well known that by its operation an amount
of perquisites had accrued to the postmasters of
some of the large cities greater than the salaries
of anv other officer of the Government under the
Chief Magistrate, being, in some pases, from six
to nine and ten thousand dollars per annum. His
object was to limit the salary within the sum of ¡
$4,000, which he thought quite sufficient. It was
equal to the compensation paid to the collector
or New York, to whose duties those of the post-
master of that city bore no proportion.
Mr. GIDEON IlEEagreed that $4,000 wasa fair
compensation, but it would be better to leave the
whole regulation of the subject of these boxes till
next session. He believed some reform was
necessary, but it was better not to hazard the bill,
for he really believed it would be lostifthe amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts should
be adopted. He himself had amendments he
should like to see introduced into the bill, but he
refrained from pressing them, for the reason he
should vote against the pending proposition.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, remarked that it
would not affect more than two or three post-
masters in the whole country; and as measures
would be taken to collect information on the sub-
ject, he also thought it had better lie left to the
next session.                                                         i
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, hoped   the '
amendment would not be adopted; but if it was,
he should move a further amendment to it.
Mr. PHILLIPS said, although he was con-
vinced of the propriety of his amendment, yet,
rather than jeopard the passage of the bill, and
to meet the wishes of other gentlemen, he with-
drew it.
Mr. WILLIAMS, óf North Carolma, thought
the proposition too reasonable to be passed over,
and he therefore renewed it.
After some further remarks from Messrs.
BRIGGS, REED, MASON of Virginia, CON-
NOR, WILLIAMS of North Carolina. GREN-
NELL, UNDERWOOD, ANTHONY, and
LOVE,
Mr. WILLIAMS modified his amendment by
inserting the word " net" io that part of it re-
quiring the postmasters to make returns of their
emoluments.
The amendment was disagreed to; and the
amendment of the Senate wasconcured in—ayes
108, noes not counted.
The second amendment of the Senate, appro-
priating $3,150,000 for the service of the Post
Office Department for the year 1836, commenc-
ing on the 1st of July, was also concurred in.
The other amendments of the Senate were
also concurred in.
Mr.  UNDERWOOD submitted, an. amend-
ment authorizing the Postmaster General to nl-  l
low an incn asp of salary of $1,000 to the Post-
masters of the large cilios, in lieu of the perqui-
sites der'vid from the boxes.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, suggested that
the amendment  had   better be  withdrawn, aud j
leave the whole subject open to investigation at
an early day next session; which was lost.          '
POST ROUTE BILL.
The committee then tool? up the bill to estab-
lish certain post roads, and to alter and discon-
tinue others, and for other porposes, returned
from the Senate with various amendments.    .
On motion of Mr. CONNOR, they were all
severally concurred in.
, The committee then rose and reported the
amendments to the [louse.
The Speaker having resumed the chair,
The first bill was taken up, all the amendments
of the Senate having been concurred in, except
that providing for the regulation of the number
and salaries of clerks in the Department.
Mr. LANE rose,and moved the previous ques-
, tion; which was seconded—ayes 85, noes 39; and ,
j the main question was ordered to be put.
I     Mr. UNDERWOOD called for a division of
the question, so as to take the question separately
on the amendments regulating the salaries.
Mr. HEISTER moved to accept the amend-
, ment, striking out the forty-third and forty-fourth
1 sections of the bill.
'     Mr. EVERETT moved to except the amend-
ment relating to the contracts.
Mr. ADAMS moved to except the amendment
appropriating $3,500,000 to the service of the
Post Office Department.
The other amendments were then cpneurred in
without a division.
Mr. EVERETT called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment reserved by him, but the House
| refused to order them; and the amendment was
concurred in by—ayes 94, noes not counted.
I Mr. HF.IST'ERasked for the yeas and nays
j on the amendment regulating the salaries; which
1 were ordered.
Mr. WISE begged to inquire of the Chair if
the effect of the amendment was to increase or
decrease the salaries of the clerks ?
'     The CHAIR was informed by the Clerk that
it was to increase their salaries.
The question was then taken on the amend-
i ment; when it was concurred in by a vote of—
yeas 107, nays 75.
The question being on the Senate's amendment
! to strike out the forty-third and forty-fourth sec-
| tions, relating to the "boxes" in the post offices,
I     Mr. UNDERWOOD asked for the yeas and
nays, but they were refused; and the amendment
' was concurred in—ayes 89, noes 41.
The question being on the amendment reserved
by Mr. Adams, it was concurred in without a
| division.
1 The post route bill was then taken up, and the
amendments all concurred in without a division.
I            TIME OF MEETING OF CONGRESS.
', Mr. BRIGGS moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of offering a resolution instruct-
ing the Committee on Enrolled Bills to report a
bill fixing the time of the annual meeting of Con-
gress on the first Monday in November; which
was agreed to—yeas 120, noes 29.
Mr. VINTON moved an amendment, instruct-
ing the same committee to report a joint resolu-
tion fixing also the day of adjournment.
Mr. WARD WELL moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded; and the main question
being ordered and carried, the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. BRIGGS, on leave, from the Committee
on Enrolled BLlls,then reported a bill to alter the
time of the annual meeting of Congress, (to the
first Monday in November,) which was read
twice; and the question being on its engrossment,
Mr. PIERCE, of New Hampshire, called for
the yeas and nays; but they were not ordered.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved an additional sec-
tion to reduce the pay of members of Congress
j.o six dollars per day during their attendance in
Congress.
Mr. MAY demanded the previous question.
Mr. MANN, of New York, moved to lav the
bill and amendment on the table; which was'lost.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question beine: ordered,
Mr.  IIANNEGAN~calkd  for the yeas and
nays thereon; which were ordered; and were__
yeas 99, nays 93.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading to-day.
Mr. ADAMS moved to recommit the bill to the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, with instructions
so to amend it as to limir its operation to the next
session only.
Mr. MILLER said, if the gentleman would
modify his instructions, by limiting its operation
to future sessions after the next, he would vote
for them. He said, he thought, after remaining
in session till July, it was extraordinary that
they should pass a bill to come back in Novem-
ber. He therefore moved to postpone its further
consideration till to-morrow.
, Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, demanded
the previous question.
1 Mr. SPEIGHT moved a reconsideration of the
1 rote by which the bill had been ordered to be
| engrossed. He said he had voted in the majority
expressly that he might make this motion, in the
| hope that, upon matare reflection, a majority
I would reject the bill.
The CHAIR ruled the motion to be out of
order after the previous question had been de-
manded.
The previous question was then seconded by
a vote of 98 to 53.
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the yeas and nays on
ordering the main question to be put, but they
i were refused; and the main question was ordered
without a count.
Mr. S. then asked for the yeas and nays on the
fioalpassage of the bill; which were ordered;and
were—yeas 1U1, nays 95.
So the bill was passed.
GEOLOGICAL REPORTS,
Mr. HARD moved a suspension of the rules,
for the purpose ofofiferinga resolution, "That
theSecretary of War be requested to communicate
to this House a copy of the report of the United
i States'geologist of his reconnoissance in the year
1835;" which was lost.
The House then passed to the special orders.
THE CUMBERLAND ROAD.
1 The House took up the bill from the Senate to
continue the Cumberland road in the States of
i Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
1 Mr. MANN, of New York, had moved the
previous question.
,     Mr. EVERETT moved to lay the bill on the
'' table.
1 The second was the pending question, tlje
House having adjourned last night before it was
taken; and it was now taken and decided in the
negative, without a division.
The question then recurred upon séco/iding the
, demand for the previous question; and it pre-
vailed—ayes 70, noes 50.
Mr. WEBSTER said he voted against the
motion of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Everett] to lay the bill on the table, with the
belief that the previous question would not be
sustained, and that the bill would be yetmodified
to meet his views; but, as the previous question
had been now ordered, so as to cut off all of the
Croposed amendments, that further time might
e had to deliberate, and for the friends of the
i bill to compromise their different views, he re-
newed the motion.
Mr. LANE called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and were—yeas 0*7, nays
103.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The main question was then ordered to" be put;
and, being put and carried, was then ordered to
a third reading.
The House then, according to order, took a
recess till four o'clock.
EVENING SESSION
i      On wotion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Virginia, the
1  bill to change the time of holding the district
