18B&
TSffi iJON&ltBSSION AI/ G&OBE;

courts of the United States for the western dis-
trict of Virginia, holder  at Clarksburg, was rend
the third time and passed.
SENATE   BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and resolution from the
Senate were taken up, read twice, and referred
to the appropriate standing committees:
An act to provide for the construction of a
building for the accommodation of the Patent
Offire;                                                       (
An act for the relief of John Cummins;
An act for the relief of Andrew Armstrong;
An act for the relief of William Sharp;
An act forthe relief of George F. Strother; and
Resolution, to prepare for providing statuary
for the front steps of the Capitol.
JOHN RANDOLPH CLAY
The bill from the House for the relief of John
Randolph Clay, returned from the Senate amend-
ed, was referred to Use CommiUee of the Whole.
CHARLES J. CATLETT.
Mr. GRENNELL, from the Committee,on
Claims, reported, .without, amendment, Senate
bill for the relief of Charles J.Catlett; which was
committed.                                                                   '
LEAVE OP AJJSKNCE.                        !
On motion of Mr. CLAIBORNE, ofMississippi,
leave of absence was granted to Mr. Dicbson,
of Mississippi, for the< residue of the session.
TIÍE CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The House then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bill to comióse the Cumberland road
in the Slate* of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. The
question beingon its passage,
Mr. McCAitTY entered at some length into a
rpview of the provisions of the bill, and urged
his objections against it in, its present shape. He
then moved to recommit, it, with the following
instructions:
Strike out from the provisional clause in tbe first aection
to the end of the section; and strike out the secondsecuon,
anil m*ert tbe foHonnci
s<e< . S. -ImTle ¡r/nrflker mortal, That the money hereby
approprlsted tor lire communion of «ail road in Indiana
ami (MÚO shall be applied to the p'aduauon and brulgint;
the saute to be let out in contracta and sections, upon, pub
fie notice, 10 the lowest bidders, by «men superintendent or
mnerintendenfí, eaffaéw or eniineers, as may have charge
at smI road, under the direct   of tbe Secretary of War:
pTotitleJ, tita said Secretary of War may direct-so much of
the appropriation for tha continuation of tbe road in Ohio
as may be necessary for the completion thereof east of
Brmnaftod 1  be npfflied to that parpóse: Jlftd ¡rroMed,
That not mwre than twenty thousand dollars of the amount
tniu appropriated for the continuation of the road in Indi-
ana  liafl l«e applied in tile collection of materials for the
bridge over Hie Wabash.
After   i*'* words from Messrs. MANN,
orXewYork, WEBSTER, and BOON,
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved the previous ques-
tion; l¿t the House refused to second it—ayes
63 noe§G9.                                                ,____           1
tftelf some remarles from Mr* WEBSTER,     I
Ir. HANNEGAN moved an additional" in-
struction to strike from the bill evervthing in re- .
lation to a bridge across the Wabash river.           I
Mr. LANE said it was not hi  objei* to de&in ¡
the Heuse by a speech, and more especially not to '
make a speech against the bill, en- to submit a mo-
tion which,if adopted, would of necessity result in
its defeat; on the contrary, to insure its passage
by asking the previous question; which was sec-
onded by the House—aye  75, noes 46.
Mr; MoCARTY called for the yeas and nays
M ordering the main question-, which were or-
dered; and were—yeas 101, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs.'Art, Ashley, Barton, Rente, Bean,
Boon, Bmwii,nttsb«naiir Bunts, CanibreieiujiCarr, Casey,
Chancy, Chapín, Clark, Connor, Corwin, Craig, Cramer,
Cturfm '' | urhi j^n, ItaviijUstetTf, Dickerson, Doujile-
day, Fsweld, Farlin, W illuun K. Fuller, QaUinuth.James
etrfaifllL^Bittet. Joseph Hall, Hamer, Samuel S. Harrison,
Albert«1. Berrín**, Haynwr, Henderson, HoUey, Hunting'
Bm, fhaatsma , Ingereoit, Jarvi«,Josepn Johneoa, KieUard
M. JoUbsod, Cave Johnson, Henry Jeeneort, John W".
jnaeg, Beiijauii n Jones, J udson, Keiuion, Kilenre, Kinnard,
Mine, Eansing, Lay, GMeon l^ee, Thomas tee, Leonard,
l.ogan. Lucas, Abijali Mann, Job Mnrtn, William Mason,
Moses Mason, Saiupspn Ma onrMay, McComas, McKeu-
nan. MeKeon, MeKim, McLetre, Miller, Morgan, Owens,
rate. Parks, Patterson, Fran Mitt Ptdree. DateeJ. Pearee,
Phelps. John Uvynolds, Joseph Reynolds, Ripley, Koane,
kassefr/Sctienck, Seymour, Shinn, Smith, Spelght.'Suth-
ettand, Tavlor, John TIkmmmi, Toticey, Towns, Turnery
Vaadeqwel, Washington, fiíste Wlnmwey, and Thomas
y. yviuj|(Uüe>—m.                                  <               4i
NAYS —Messrs. Adnnu, Chilton Allan, Hcman Allen,
Bailey, Beaumont. Bockec, Bond, Briggs, Bunch, John
Calhoon, William B. Calhoun, Campbell, Carter, George
Chambers, John Chambers. John F. II. Claiborne. Coles,
Crane, Everett. Forester, French. Fry, Granger, Grayson,
Urennell, Griffin. lUnneiran. Harlan, Harper, Havves,
Hawkins, IR-totcr, Hoar, Hopkins, Howard, Howell,
Hunt, William Jackson. Janes, Jenifer. Uawler. Law-
rence, Lewis, Lincoln, Love, Lovall, Martin, McCarty,
Mercer, Milhgan, Montgomery, Morris, Parker, Patton,
James A. Pearee, Phillips, Henry U. Pinckney, Potts,
Rene her, Robertson, Rogers, AugUetiiM II. Site ppera, Slade,
SloanC, Spangler, Staiulefcr, Storer, Taliaferro, Under-
wood, Vinrnn, Webster, Lewis Williams, Slierrod Wil-
liams, and Wise—74.
So the House determined that the main ques-
tion be now put.
Mr. McCARTY called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill; which were ordered 
and were—yeas 105, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ash, Ashley, Barton, Bockee,
Boon, Borden, Briggs, Brown, Buchanan, Cambreleng,
Carr, Casey. Chaney, Chapín, Clark, Corwin, Cramer,
Darlington, Davis, Denny, Dtckerson. Doubled /, Effner,
Fowler, Fry, William K. Fuller,' Galbraith, Gdlet,
Granger,Grennell, Hamer,Ilannegan,Samuel S. Harrison,
Albert G. Harrison. Hazeltine, Henderson, lleistcr, Hoar,
Howell, Hubley, Hunt. Huntington, Ingersoll, Janes*, Rich-
ard M. Johnson. Henry Johnson^ Benjamin Jones, Jadsrm,
Kennon, Kiisore, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Lawrence,
Lay, Gideon Lee, Thomas Lee, Leonard, Lincoln, Logan,
Love, Lucas. Job Mann, William Mason, Sampson Ma on,
, Mav, MeCarty, MeKennan, MeKim, MeLene, Miller, Mil
hga'n, Morgan, Muhleubeni, Page, Patterson, Dotee J.
. Pearee, Phelps, Pbillips, Potts, John Rev Holds, Joseph
' Reynolds, RipleY, Sehenck, Seymour, Shinn, Sickles,
Stoane. Spangler, Btorer. Sutherraml, Taylor, Thomas,
Jon n Thomson, Toucey,Ttlmer,V*ilderpoel, Ward. Word-
well, Washington, Webster, Elisha Whittlesey, and Thoroaa
T. Whittlesey—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Chilton Allan, Beale, Bean, Beaumont,
Bond, Boaldin, Bnitclt, John Calhoon, William B. Cal-
houn, Campbell, Carter, Georxe Chambers, John Ctiamke ,
Chapman, Nathaniel H. Claiborne, John F. H. Claiborne,
Coles, Cqnnor, Craig, Cushman, Deberry, Dromgoole,
Dnnlap, Everett, Fairfield, Forester, French, James Gar
land, Giantland, Graves, Grayson, Griffin, Joseph Hall,
Hnrdin, Harlan, Ilawcs, Hawkins, Ilaynes, Hopkins,
Huntsman, William Jnckson, Jarvis, Jenifer, Cave John-
son, John W. Jones, Lawler, Lewi«. Loyall, Lyon, Abijah
Mann, Martin, Moses Ma«on. McComas. McKay, Mont
gomery, Morris, Owens, Parker, Parks, Patton, Franklin
Pierce, James A. Peare*, Pettigrew, Peyton, Pinckney,
Rencber, Roane, Robertson. Rogers, Augustine H. Shep-
perd, Shields, Smith, Speight, Standefer, Taliaferro, Towns,
Underwood, Wa-ener. White, Lewis Williams, Sherrod
Williams, and Wise—ffi.
So the bitl was passed.
INTERNAL IMJ'ROVEMENTS.
The House next took up the bill making ap-
propriations for certain military and other roads,
and for examination and surveys, for the year
1836.
The amendments of the CommiUee of the
Whole, whith have been heretofore noticed, wore
all concurred in.
Mr. SMITH moved to strike out the item of
(30,000 for surveys, and called for the yeas and
nay  on his motion; which were ordered.
Mr. CAMBRELENG did .not rise to debate
the question, but to appeal to gentlemen to take
the question without debate, as they had now but
a very short time to act on some very importas!
appropriation bills; which were yet before tha
{loase.
After n few words by Mr. DENNY the que* 
tion woS tokens and. decided iu tie affirmatives-
yeas 87, nays 84.
So the motion to strike out was «greed to.
Mr. PEYTON moved an additional section to
the bill lo establish a port of entry at the mouth
of Laurel, to be called Laurel.
M . WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, ofiered «a
amendment to the section to appropriate $50*000
for the improvement of the Cumberland river,
between the mouth of the Laurel and Nashville,
Tennessee.
.Mr. PEYTON accepted the amendment, and
read the report of one of the engineers to ehav
the .necessity of making this plaee a port of entry,
and. fit making the appropriation proposed by the
amendment.                                                        ,.,
. Mr. P. called for the yeas and naya on hi*
amendment; which were ordered.
Mr. VINTON said that, with a view of fctsáng
whether it was the sense of the House that tjtcsa
improvements should go .on, he would moxe,< to
lay the bill on the table  and on that motion ^ulkdr
for (he yeas and nay ;rwh,ijoh wereorderejil;aud
were—yeas 85  nays 77.    „,•.,..;...    -   '•'•*!>
. So the bJJ. vj^alaid-iHrth^tqbie. . - ,.   -.-■ -.
Mr. LOVE ««fed to reconsider1 the vote by
which J30,000for surveys was stricken from the
bill making appropriation for sundry roads in the
Territories of Michigan, Arkansas, Florida, &c;
which motion was entered, and lies over.
The House then took up the bill for continuing
the Cumberland road east of the Ohio river.
After some remarks from Mr. Hardin, lie
moved jo Jay the bill on the table; which motion
was agreetl to without a division.
NATIONAL ROAD.
The House then took up the bill to continue
the national road from Vandalia to the Mississippi
river, in the State of Illinois.
The amendment of the Committee óf the Whole
was concurred in.
Mr. REYNOLDS, of Illinois, called for the
yeas and nays on the engrossment of the bill;
which were ordered; and were—yeas 92,nays 80.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third" reading to-morrow.
The House than took up the remaining bill, to
continue the national road from the Mississippi
river"to Jefferson City, in the State of Missouri.
Thcaméndmentof the Committee of the Whole,
to strike out that part of the bill providing for the
grading of the road in such a manner as will per-
mit the laying of rails thereon, was concurred in,
and the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading to-morrow.
CHEROKE  TREATY.
pn motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
then resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Lincoln
in tho chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill making further appropriations for carry-
ing into effect certain Indian treaties.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Adams to strike out the first section of the bill,
as follows:
For tiie amount stipulated to be paid for the lands ceded
in the first article of the treaty with the Cherokees of the
39th of December, 1833, deducting the cost of the land to
be provided lor them west of the Mississippi, under the
second article of said treaty, §4,500,000.
Mr. ADAMS called for the reading of certain
documents, and addressed the committee at length
in support of his motion. Mr. A. reviewed the
whole subject of our Indian policy, contending
that the treaty- with the Cherokees was not bind-
ing uport' the House. Among the documents,
which occupied upwards of toree hours in the
reading, was a letter of Major Davis, of Ken-
tucky; which having been read,
Mr. ADAMS called on the delegation from
Kentucky to give their evidence as to the charac-
ter of Mr. Davis.
Messrs. ALLAN, UNDERWOOD, HAR-
DIN, and HA WES, all bore testimony to the
high character of the gentleman alluded to.
Messrs. BOON and VANDERPOEL bore tes-
timony to the character of Mr. Sehermerhorn.
Mr. McKAY having called for the reading of
certain letters contained in the iorreapondence
communicated to the House,
Mr. WISE said, if gentlemen went on in this
way, calling for certain extracts to be.read, he
should feel it his duty to call for the reading of
the whole document.
Mr. GR ANTL AND hoped th  gentleman from
Virginia would not call for the reading of a doc-
ument so lengthy,at this period of the session,
for the purpose of defeating the bill.
Mr. CALHOON, of Kentucky, taid that Seher-
merhorn had stated in his leiief that Major Da*1 
had been removed from the situation he held in
the Cherokee nation. Now he was" prepared to
show that Mr. Davis new was remove*, but
that he had remained in ofiice until he hnisneo
the business assigned to him. , Sehermerhorn
had also stated that Datia was removed in con-
sequence of representation  of Mawr w^ ""-
So far from thatt Major Batsman W written a
complimentary letter to Mr. Davis about theuma
hlToffiee expiVed. All this he was prepared to
show to the satisfaction of the «remittee.    .
Mr. HAYNESsaid he had underatood-thai Mr.
Davis was now exceedingly eias usieü at wis
thing he had said in- thaviauarf 1
