
THK> TONQfiBSWONAIy G&QBEi
i
.!unfc$0l
vv
U V . X^d «*«d • - -•*«• * •**.
\Yi3£ *<aiú um:.1i«>  «. «■> .«".xioitsGaor^i*
,.....ii.^:.  U  fui   the ¡u*.sagu <>t  lli<   i'ill,
, u  ,   i    i   i.tiiin J   oik  sti.,1 Im yoi.U tie
5,  I .     \   1 J   1    l'f J'li.^l .
M.. G.-AM L VND replied that Georg a was
r >• 11 1.1 .i i-vi his ill ui tome oi.ior State  to have
U.i*. o. i pas* d. She \ ou.u hato her lauds
\i i.t..ir tae lu 1  pactad 01 not.
V'u'.if « r 'ivaiksín M-strs. WISE,LA W-
LCÜ, EVERCtT, aid HVYNES, the Cloik
pro.-nJid to 1 end a variety of oth> r kttirs con-
tain* d m llu do* iimi nt abo*** alluded to.
Aíu-r ••me n marks by Mr. DfKJLDlN,
Mr. Gli \N" l'L \NDrcpIud to the renmiks of
Mr. Wise, ú -hrend on a former day on this bill,
a. i > nil.cat! d the State of Gvorgia from the
elin ^e of hai.n? treatid the Indians With bad
faith, fie ,i*>ti*ied the conduct of Georgia, and
cn.iiii tied it Willi reference t<  former treaties.
He a!- o contrasted the conduct of the norhern
S ,U( s. ,n«.iril< th< Indians with thtit of the State
of Ueoigia, admitting, at the same time, that ho
d'sanptvvetl of some of the acts of her Legisla-
ture.
Mr. CHAPMAN followed in reply to Mr.
Ad vi ,and m defense of the \alid.tvof the treaty,
whiili was made in good faith, and had lieen ap-
proved of by a majority of the Cherokee nation.
Hew «ton tosiiow thatsuch was «hi fact, that the
t tu v had undirgonc all the forms necessary,
am] . tal t: had beovnv a law binding upon both
pnttas. The ouly objection was a technical one,
nr¡v. ig out of some mere informality in the pre-
finí: ■*.i> s: nnd in proof of this h-* cited the letters
fp>m J'***n Ross neil othi rs to the Secretary of
Wj*-; whirl* c!n< f (Mr. C. maintained) had Iiim-
í'¡fa'ted wiih I ad faith. 11ns wii* the first in-
state 1 of a treaty with these Ittdrans where the
tnqti.'V !>**•! CTtr bern made wlietbcr it was ap-
prnr. <) of by i majority of the nation or not,
tl.mii'i ih. re was no evidence to show that a
imjou-y of them, or rather of their chiefs:, wen-
net coi wniii g to it. The proti-Ht was not a pajier
of ittat ciiarucur deserving the consideration of
t ic llou->i ; for, tho**i!*;h be would not pronounce
rt a fi>r<ery, it wat impossible, from the circum-
stnnei's, :o be authentic. 'I he treaty was made
at Now Echotai.i Dicimbcr last, and it was ira-
pusaiute, out of a population uf sixteen thousand
tmhrniuals, aratti rid over a country of hundreds
oí miles ui extent, that, fifteen thousand of them
eou'd Imve examin* d its provisions so as to be
enaUi d to-pots Uiesr opinion upon it in so short
a uni' . He ttitu went on to show that the stip-
«latinus of lite treaty w< re highly advantageous
to tin: 1 ltdmn , and ¿are them fur more than an
ad ijlutem > quivnl- nt tor their lands.
Mr, UOAR. moved ttat tlic committee rise,
(quarter to efe-rea o'clock, p.m.;} which was. lofcl
—a>-.*&>* Hoe* 1U0.
Mr. CAMBRELENG Suggested Úiat the .bill
be brougtu into the House, ami there discussed
to-morrow.
Mr. BR1GGS preferred going into rommittee
to-inoirow morning, at runt o'clock, nnd procetd-
mg with the bill, instead of having midnight ses-
sions. Where was the necessity of 'Hissing the
bill thnoueJi comsmttee to*night;
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied that, if not
brought out et ettaimUdcCtd-Atght, it would re-
(pare two thuds afterwards to pass the bill. If
(said Mr. C.) you hare had mjtinijht sessions, it
11 not our faulti                                   "              '
Air; UR1GG&-. Whose fault has it her ; 1
. Mi'. CAMBftELEJVG. Those wiu> hart- made
loi igr Kpeuc lieb.                                          >
Air. Wifciii said he had made long: specchos on
that.Aoor, and inteiaioually*, and he now said it,
aod geñtiurnea ouriit to know it; for lie was
aJwaya canard, ana. had «w auiister motive, no
•«ei-ei r. 101 ire, or secret de-sign about this matter.
He w-u*ntd g«nllt men. that he did intend to oppose
■tior búti *at in an unfair way, unless he was
(toteé u>;do ivat tfae risk of his health, and he
wotrid. diKiji.-the attempt w.'defeatiu
Mr. HQARiiten.proceeded to argue upon the
laV&héirjr of ibe> Cherokee treaty—.that it was Hot
a fair cimpact*and was deficient of the requisite*
winch should make 11 binding. He contended
'I anni)j5r dtnce had been adduced to show that
.ho trea'.y was a trety. *m compact between par*
ties cimnctrnt to enter into it.    On those poin't>
"    *       '.....                "       "    Mr.
t'lel
ir.
noral'
n   lv.1,
1  mi'iii'iff dwelt in some length.
(1: .vid
Mi. LOYC tin.11 took tin flooi, end was pro-
ceednnr to conti ml that the treaty was no treaty,
when he sure -ftav to
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, who
mo\«d that the committee use
Mr. GRANTLAND said  the friends of the
bill had no disposition to harass the House; nnd
he hoped they would consent to take up the bill
t i-motrow morninjr, at ten o'clock. In that he
wisliLii the friciuls of the bill to acquiesce; and if
time was any opposition to it he hoped it would
be made manif st.
Mr. GILLET said lie roso io make a <¡U!*;ges-
tion or two to the coram.tier, aud partieulaily to
the friends of this bill. We have now but tour
days remaining of the present session. It is the
feneral imprtssion that Mondav, the last day of
the sassion, which is one of the four, will not be
occupied, to any considerable extent, in the trans*
action of business. Many supposed we were to
meet in the mornin;, read and correct the Jour-
nal  and then adjourn. This would leave us but
three dnys for transaction of brtsin«*ss. By our
nili s, we cannot sen4 an original bill from this
House to the Senate on tithei of the last three
days of the session. It results from this, that
we have but one day after this to setid our bills
to the Senate. This bill is made the special
o.-der for to-morrow, at twelve o'clock; and we
should have only from that time until the adjourn-
ment of the Senate to-mpr_row, which, if it ad-
j lurns.vt the usual hour, wilt be five or six oVlock)
111 which, to dispose of tins bill. He would ask
if it was  tpertrd this bill, with «11 the opposition
that it had to encounter, roüld bq £ot out of the
committee, be «Tjgroised, read a third tim<i, and
passed in that brief period ' We may be told that
if it is not passed duNns* to-morrow, the joint
rules may lie suspended, and allow it to go to the
Senate. This can be done; but it requires two
thirds of the votes of those present to suspend the
rules; and he would ask the friends of the bill if
they were willing to weaken their hold, and place
the measure at the mercv of one third ! He, 'or
one, as a friend of the bill, could not consent to
it.    L'*t ns act now.
But we are told tint we may commence two
hours earlier to-morrow morning, and have that
much more time to devote to the bill. Mr. G.
said lie could not yield his assent to that. We
have only from ten to twelve to-morrow mom*
int-, in whuh to pass and send to the other
House several important bills. He said thié>,
on the presumption that this bill would con-
sume the residue of the day. Aro "tee entirely
to abandon nil the other important bills? He
would refer to a few only, to sbotv what were
remaining which ought to be attended tó before '
we finally adjourn. There was the bill on the
subject of gold coins, the bill to fix the compen-
sation of custom-house officers, the bill concern-
ing ports of entry and drawback of duties, and
to reorganize the Treasury Department, whkth
were reporteí üyHimiélf*, and there were others
for the erect ion of ensrom-houses' and marine
1 hospitals, reported from the committee of which
he was a member". The substantial interest
of the country required these bills (o be acted
Upon at this sension. Tim re were other bills
from the committees equally important, he prte
turned, which ought to be considered. There
wete necessary appropriation bill  still behind.
! He would ask, are wo to jeopard «11 these, by
placing Uu-rtt in the power of one third in each |
j House ?   He  thought  not.    It  seemed to  hirt
that our duty to the country required that we
should finish this bill before we adjourn this'even-
¡ng.   If atry of the bilk which he had in charg  ¡
•hould fail to be acted upon, he should consider ,
, himself blameless.   It was known to all thai not
1 one at the bills her had mentioned had been in
1 order since they were reported.
" A spacial order was made on die 36th of Jan- ¡
{ uary last, and it had continued until within a few
1 days past.   At the moment ot its expiration
¡ anotlierwas made under which weare now acting.
So it will be seen that, from the 26th of January
1 last to tins timc.no public bills have been in order ,
! in this House e*Cept tlft-w i*otadwl in Ut*t*
special orders. From thai diiy to this, one third
of the House has controlled aJI other public busi-
in sí. Thus far he had found u impossible to
pet up any of the public, bills he had r, poited.
He felt it to be his duty to make this  xplanation
concerning the state of our bustnes ), which he
considered n sufficient justification for desirin" to
lin.sh tins bill before we Adjourn for to-day.
After «¡orne further remarks fiom Messrs
WISE, ADAMS, and LEWIS, who suggested
that they meet to-morrow at nine o'clock, allow
a reasonable length of time, aiid, meeting the bill
units merits  conclude its consideration, he asked
if that was the general understanding of the com-
mittee  
Mr. CHAMBERS, of Kentucky, would an-
swer for himself, that he would ohstmatily resist
this bill to his utmost power of physical strength,
and would sit there for hours, till after daylight,
to defeat it.
After a few words from Messrs. LEWJS,
HUNTSMAN, and JOHNSON of Kentucky,
the «ommitue rose and vepoiud.
The Speaker having resumed the eháh*,
Mr. LEWIS said, w.th avow of g ving the
members of the House, as well the enemies as
the friends of the bill, a full opportunity of dis-
cuss ng it, he moved that it be taken up at eleven
o'clock to-morrow-, which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. REED, tho House then ud 
jouruud ata few minutes after midnight.
IN SENATE.
Thokedit, Juru 30, 18S6.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Donplsok., transmit-
ting h copy of a treaty lately ronclndi d Int ween
the United States and the Renublic of Véhezuela.
The VICE PRESIDENT informed the Senate
that he would to-day vacate his chair, arid that
he would not again be in the Senate for the re-
mainder of the session.
HEPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee c-n
Pensions, reported die bill From the House sup-
plemental to the aci for tho relief of the surviving
officers and soldiers of the Revolution, and statca
that it was the opinion of the committee that the
bill ought to be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TALLMADGE, frorti the Committee on
Pensions, to which had been referred the bill to
provide for th* adjustment of the accounts of
Gcrieral Eleazer W. RipieJr, reported the same,
with amendments; which was agreed to; and the
bill was ordered to a third reading;.
The amendment places General Ripley on the
pension roll from the year 1820.
Mr. TALLMADGE then submittetf a resolu-
tion directing the Secretary of War to report to
the next Congress,on the claims of Gerieral Rip-
ley, unconnected with his pension; which was
agreed to.
BILLINTRODUCED.                ,    ,
Mr. ROBINSON, on leave, introduced a' bill
to nonfirm claims to public hinds m certain cases;
which was read twice and referred.
«OlTSfi BfLLá K)STPn#t:D.
The bill from the tíouss to alter the times of
the meetings of Congress; and      1               ¡
The resolution to amend tho joint rules of the
two Houses in relation to bills passing one House
and not acted on in the - other, were severally
considered, and indefinitely postponed.
!       HOüSB HLLS KjtPE'Rft'ÉD.
The bill from the House ttt change the time of
holding the district courts of the 'United State*
for the district, of Virginia, at Clarksburg; and
The bill from the House waking Appropriations
for the improvement of certain fyftrWs of the
United States fóf, the year 1836, were severally
read twice ainl referred.
WKStTiRfi AftMO^Tf ',' i '••
On motion'of Mr. 3ENTON, tHf bill to estab-
lish it fugndérjr or afrfnory in the' Wcsj, arsenals
in the States in which none havo yet been estab-
lished, and depots for arms in certain S«tes1 and
Territories, was taken up-, and after a debate, io
