it.
THE CONGRjr^KttUt GLOBE.
'880
whir  the bill was supported bv Messrs. BEN-
TON",  WVLKER,  WEBSTER, and LINN, |
unit opposed by Messrs. CRITTENDEN. CAL-
HOL">, and "KliSG of Georgia, the bill was
passed—yeas 24, nays 15; as follows:
\ V AS—Mp  . Denton. Black, ¿room, Buchanan «Cuth-
bcrt. E\\ina o  Ulinots.Unuidv, Hcodncks, Hubbard,Rem,
Iv i 4 ui Vnhuua, Lion, Morns. Nicholas. Page, Rne->,
P. ' o-i Uui_>I< , Tsllmadge, Tipton, Walker, Wall,
HI if   u.il Un?ht-->l
N \Yi«—Messrs. Calhoun, Clay, Crittenden, Davis, Ew-
mm;o> Oft ), tWd^boroujh, king of Georgia, Leigh, Mia-
pu ii. V  > c, I n -too, UobkW.Squthard, Swift, and Tom-
l.n  ii —1 .                                      '
DISTRICT BANKS.
The amendment of the House to the bill of the
Senate to extend the charters of certain banks of
the District of Columbia were considered;and,
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, they
were concurred in.
FORTIFTCATIOÍ? BILL.
* Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to winch had been referred the bill making
appropriations for certain fortifications of the
United States for the rear 1836, reported that the
committee had had this bill under consideration;
"but it having been referred to them without in-
structions, and believing that no reductions could
be made consistently with the public service, and
in the absence of all information to show the
propriety of such a reduction^ they had come to
the determination to report back the bill in the
same state in w Inch it had been referred to them.
Mr. W,moved to strike out the appropriations
for arsenals in Missouri, Arkansas,nod at Mem-
phis, Ttnnessec, the same being included in the
arsenal bill just passed; which was agreed to.
Mr. SOUTHARD moved to strike out the
.appropriation of §150,000 for Fort Delaware,
Delaware rivet, on the ground of the defective
tule of the United States to the island on which
U is erected; and after soma remarks in opposition
to thq mot kjii, it was rejected—yeas 16, nays- 22;
as follows:
YE \S—Mcsats. Brawn, Cray, CnttendMi^wuigoC US
sow, ileodncke, Letgiv, Maogain, Moore, Porter  Prttitnn,
BobHMoa, Bugg)c*,£<MUlnnl, bwtil, Tiptn ,aiMt Wall—1&.
NAYtí—Mcsm . Bayard, Benton, Buchanan  Cuthbart,
Davis, Ewin<> oi Ohio, Coldtborough, Grundy, Hubbard,
Kin  ol Alauami, kuight, Ltrtq, Ntcboias, Page. Rives,
Rakbm , TaJIrmdg*, Walker, Webster, Wlute, and Wright
___;v>
Mr. CRITTENDEN then moved to recommit
the bill, with instructions to reduce the appropri-
ations to such sum as can, in the opinion of the
committee, be advantageously expended between
this and the 4th of Rfafeh next; and afteradebate,
in which Messrs. CRITTENDEN, CLAY,
WRIGHT, CALHOUN, PRESTON, CUTH-
BERT, ami MANGUM took part, the motion
was rxjected—yeas 18, nays 21; as follows:
I &A ¿—gleans. Bayard, Slack, Calhoun, Ciar, Cntten
den, Davis, Ewing ol Ohio, (Mdsborough, Keoi* i«ei *,
Mmgaat, Moote, Porter, Preston, Southard, Tomlinson,
Webster, and White—18.
NAYS—Mcssis. Rentok, .BioaVnf Bie&anan, Cuthbcrt,
Ewing of I liinois, Grundj, {lendooka, Hubbard. King of
Alabama, Linn, Morns, Nicholas, Nile , Page, Rtvés, Hob-
ínsoo, Uuggles, TxUmadge, Tiptoe, Wali«r,and Wright—
21                                                                               i
The bill was tfeen ordered to be evgroued—
yeas 28, nays 9; as follows:
VEAS—Means. Bayard, Bemtm, Black, Brown, Boch-
arían, Cuthbert, Emng ol Illinois, Grandy, Hendricks,
tlubbacd, Kent, King ol Alabama, Linn, Morns, Nicholas,
Niie«, rae, Poner, Rives, Bobbins, Ruseles, TaUmadge,
Tipton, Tomlinsbn, Walker, Webster, White, had Wnght
**-ü&                                                                                     -*
JbAYB—Messrs Calhoun, Clay, Crittendfn, Ewing of
Ohio, Leigh, Manguni,Moore, Preston, and Southard—9.
MI.L8 ORBERED TO A THIRD READING.
The following bilfs were <e*rally read trie sec-
ond lime, and considered e's in CdmmSftee'of the
Wh*re, ¿trrd ortiered to a third reading?
■ T&ebHl tat 'trie rehePOf Joseph W. Green, and
the" tJwneVs anil crewoTtrre fishtOgécWoone¥ ^w<o
'Brothers,. Of Marrbfeheáa, ih -the Stafe of Massa-
chusetts;                             ,
The WM authorizing the^eeessarystfrveys and
e^amrnatJons for trie establishment' of k Tmval
"rendczvons and dr>pot near the sdtrtherrfeit.rera-
•Ity of Florida; * f '                       _     .
r" Tlie bill for thte relié? df Nancy Haggard,    '
The bilí "to create the office of Isurveyor of- ptrb-
lic lands in the Ten-Holy 6f Wiseorisrtt?
Tire biH f«*ith«>rfee-r!íe Wwrrnéif ttrit'€«rí-
pany to lay oot a road through the lands of the
United States.
DEATH OF MR. MADISON.
The following message was received from the
Presidentofthe United States, by Mr. Donelson,
his Private Secretary:
WAsmifOTo^, June 30, 1835
To Ih* Senate and House of IirprtumtativCf
tt becomes mv painful duty to nimounce to yoo the mel-
nncholy ¡nlelliience of rhn death of Jimes Mimsoi. et
Pre«ident ot the United States.    He departed this lift at
halfpantsix n'Wock.oa themornmg of tlieSSth instant, ftill
of years and fullot honors.
f ha-ten tin  coinmunreation in order that Coturress mav
adopt sucti measures n'  mav he proper to testily their "*>n-e
of the respect winch is dae to the memory of one who e
lite has contributed -o essentially to the happiness and glory
of his country, and to the good ef mankind.
AVDREW JACKSOY.
Mr. RIVES. Mr. President. I feel that it would
be an aet of aacrdegious temerity were I to at-
tempt to add to the intiin&ic pathos of the mel-
ancholy-wtelUgenoe uist announced to us by
the President of the United States, by anything
in the way of eulogy on the character of the great
man whose dreeasc he has communicated to us.
The enlogv of Mr. Madison is wiitten in every
page of the history of his count-y—to whose
service his whole life was devpted, and Vinlhcveiy
great event in whose annals his name stands con-
spicuously and endunngly identified. Fillrd,
however, as his life was, from its dawn to its
close, with labors of patriotism nnd super or
wisdom, there lyonc grem work of b^"which
must ever recur prominently to the grateful mem-
ory of his country. He was, in an especial .raan-
ner, the founder «nd author'of that «rlorious Con-
stitution which is the bond of our Union and the
charter of our liberties, and it woi grnriously
vouchsafed to him, in the order 6f Providence, to
witness, for a longer period than any of his illus-
trious colleagues, the rich blessings which have
•resuUed from its establishment. He was thc-lnst
surrmng' signer of that sacred instrument; AmiU
tbe general gjrief Vhich pervades the nation, may
we not indulge one consolation at least, in the
hope that his death, whilst adding the last seal to
his own fame and glory, will, in Some sort, ca-
nonize the work ofViis hands, and surround, with
a new veneration, that precious leho af the wis-
dom of our departed patriots nnd sages *
But, sir, I will not speak of the public life Of
Mr. Madison. It is ktiowiHo us all; it is appre-
ciated by us all. It was my privilege to see and
toknow him in the scenes of that classic retirement
in which he passed the evening of his days.- It
was there that the jmldJusUu: ,of, his private vir-
tues, which formed the "crowning grace of his
■eharaetert and is th* indispensable complement
tifa true public glory, was seen and felt. But
who can paint him there' Who enn adequately
describe that lascirihting suavity of temper and
manners; tbat spirit and ¿race of conversation so
happily blended -With the oracles of philosophy
nnd experience; thntarmable and"cultivated Benev-
olence, ever watchful of the feekngs and coth-
fdrt of Others,'evert ill the minutest b'ifJes, Which
together formed,around the hearth of Montpeln?,
a group of social virtues and attraction  wteeH,
however incompetent the power  b4 language to
portray, none who have felt thei r ínflur'nce eati
eVertérgei. Ifi speakmg Ofthese-thing*, Mr. Prrt-
fdent, I am but too- forcibly reminded of my e-wn
personal 1#ss in the general and national cwamity
whidh wd bill bewail. I was the neighbor of Mr.
Madison, sir>o.nderijoyed hiskirtdnesBimrJ ft ¡end-
«Mp; and if, in speaking «f a gfeWt national be-
reavement, rwy mind recurs too fondly f* ihe
cbaurn bis death has left iri the immediatecirtle
of his friends,«omefhirig, I trust,-will beparddtied
!  to rhe feeling* rtf the hea«.       <"
'      It' i^ my Melancholy satisfwefion to have* ré-
I   eéivéd, in all probability, the last tetter^vei1 signed
II  by MsfcaHfJ.' It b**ars date only  Ht 4ftyrbefore
I his death, and furnishes, in it* «Offtents* n strik-
1' rng iltestratiGti -oY that 4**iaMe' ItenéVorehtíe1,' and
sensibility tothe kindness ot others, wbieb forrrted
80'prominent a trait in'his charaétei1. IW^hlit
letter, whkb is rí*w Ükfork íné, hé'Mpok#1 f>Ws
éttfeebfed héftiih, and ItiÉHrcmblir)  and iintrteiffy
signature, so much in contra*  with thV uMAl
' firmness "and rej*Waritif" of htal w'ritlñ^, boVo a
-graph  'mwi > Mftlaiwh ty~«w*n«*k)H"<>r' 'hiiHf •
nroacbmg end^ Still I truatedttMt.hu light might
1 hola out to the 4th of Jnily, that be might be re-
stored on that glorious anniversary to an immorta.
companionship with those great men and patriots
with whom he had been intimately connected in
life, and whose coincident deaths t on the birthday
of tbe natron's freedom, had imparted to thbt
day, if possible, an additional and mysterious
illustration.    But it has been ordered otherwise,
i His career has been closed at an epoch, which,
\ forty-nine years ago, witnessed his most efficient
, labors ¿n the illustrious assembly which laid the
'foundations of our piesent system of Coverii-
' ment, and will thus, by the remembrando of his
deatb, as well as by the sei vices of his life, more
Closely 'associate him with that great wol k, which
is at once the souice and  the guarantee of his
country's happiness, and gloiy.
What honors, Mr. President, are there, by
which we can do justice to a character which
history will hold up to future ages as a model of
pabllc ryid private virtue, not surpassed by the
brigtitest e^amp!es in ancient or modern times'
Sir, theie aie none. Still it is proper that, as
repiesentatt\es of the American people, we should
show, by some suitable manifestations, how sin-
cerely and deeply we participate m the Universal
fcllljig ofgiief on this mournful occasion, and I
move you, thcieforc, the following resolution:
RrsoLaed, Tliataiompiruee be appointed on the part of
th< Señale, to join «uch committee .i>> may be appointed on
"thcpirt of fie Hnu«e,to eomd t and report hy what token
o respect a d affection it ma\ be proper (or tbe Congress
-ol Uic JJnjied tStaws to  xpress the deep sensibility of the
nition to tin evi nt ot t'ie decease af Mr Madison, juatan-
nontiecd b^ the President of the United State-.
The resolution was unanimously adopted; and
.On motion of Mr. RIVES, the committee was
appointed by the Chan, consisting of the follow-
ing gentlemen: Messrs. Rives, Clay, Calhoun,
Gr.BNDv, Buchanan, Leigh, and Talx.ma.dge.
Tjie Senate then, at four o'clock, took a recess
until seven.                           t
i                          J   "!
EVENING SESSION.
Tfie following" bills ha-ving been reported cor-
rectly engrossed, were read the third time ami
jpassi d-
The bill making: appropriations for certain for-
tifications of the United States for the year 1836;
The bill authorizing the necessary examina-
tions and surveys for the establishment of a naval
rendezvous and depot near tlie southern extremity
of Florida;
The bill supplemental to the act to regolate
the public deposits, by yeas and nays, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bavard. Buchanan, Clayton, Cuthbett,
D-ivis, Ewwg, of OImo, GoUfeboroush, Hendricks, Kent,
King of Alabima, Kins ot Georm, Linn, Nicholas. Ndes,
Page„Porter, Preston, Robbiu«,Robinson, Southard, Swift,
Totnlinson. Wall, arid Wnjht—24
NAYS ~Messrs Benton, Brawny Mangura, Moore Walk-
er, and White—6
The bill for the reHef of Joseph W. Grcennnd
the owners and crew of the fishing schooner Two
¿iothers, of Marblehead, Massachusetts;
The bill for the relief of Nancy Haggard, and
for other purposes;
The bill to exiejld the patent of Joseph Grant-
yeas 19, nays 16;
The bill to authorize the Winnisimmit Com-
pany to lay out a load through the lands of the
United States.
SURVEY©)* OF LANDS IK WISCONSIN.
The bill tw ¿reate the office of surveyor of pub-
lic lands, in thir iTerntory «tf Wisconsin, was
taken up for conskUfrMiOB.            ......          ,
y    Mrv TIPTOÍí moved to lay this bill on the
table, considering the o«ce unnecessary.    ' . ->
I . Me. EWING, of OhiOj opposed the motion;
r-and,i«n taking the question  it was rejected.   I
Mr. TIPTON then moved to amend the 0 U
bv striking oin the whole, «id inserting a sub-
^uté/pVovldíngAhal thVo% ot Surveyor pn-
>«#nr<#tWé T>0bhc ramW for Ohio, Indiana, Ilh-
►*%i , and Wrscewtitl, shall be held at—• *,  -
ítíranal             " "'"'.-'"          .       ...   _.M
pí "Mí. T.TMJCompMnied <his motion with some re-
•«fnarMiniits faVor.     ^ -   ■_           '
I ■   Mr  E WINCr sai* that tbérfr were, no #n*t,
