\sm:
J1MB t;ONOttEH>iK)NAL HLOW
*>*
Mr. LEWIS wished the examination to boa*
broad as possible. He would suggest that the
district attorneys of Georgia and Alabama be
employed for the purpose, and make it assume a
judwial character.
Mr. McKAY suggested that a board of com-
missioners be raised to carry on the investigation.
He should move to refer it toa select committee,
with instructions to report some node by which
the inquiry should be made.
Mr. JAR VIS moved the orders of the day.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, called
for thr- yeas and nays; which, were ordered; and
Mr. Jasáis withdrew his motion.
After some remarks from Mr. HA WES in
favor of (he amendment,
Mr.CUSHMAN moved the previous question;
but the House refused to second the motion—
yeas 73, nays 88.
Mr. LEWIS modified bis resolution by author-
ising the President of the United States to insti-
tute a commission of three persons appointed by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
He said he had no objection to vote also for tiie
resolution of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Wisk,] and let the two inquiries go on together,
for they were not incompatible.
Mr. McKAY said the gentleman's modification
would render it necessary to send the resolution
to the Senate.
Mr. LEWIS withdrew it for that reason.
_ Mr. PEYTON contended that * double inves-
tigation going on at the same time would be en-
tirely incompatible, and would embarrass the
question at every step of the investigation. He
was in favor of the appointment of a committee,
and not leave it to the uncertain mode of executive
inquiry. If left to the President, he would leave
the selection to his friends, and some of the very
individuals implicated might be selected for the
purpose.
Mr. HOAR contended that the proposed reso-
lution gave no power to the President, far he
could now direct precisely the same investigation
without it. The resolution was nothing more
than a request to the President to do his duty,
but conferred upon him no additional power, nor
imposed any additional duty, more than he was
now in possession of. To Mr. H-, therefore, it
appeared that the resolution was nugatory and
improper.
After some further remarks from Messrs. ROB-
ERTSON and KEXNOX,
Mr. WISE modified his motion to amend, so
as to refer the subject to the Committee on Indian
A flairs, with power to depute any five of their
ova number to investigate the matter.
Mr. VANDERPOEL called for the orders of
the day.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, called
for the yeas and nays; which were ordered; and
were—yeas 71, nays 109.
So the House refused to proceed to the orders
of the day.
After some further remarks by Mr. Wilt,
Mr. LEWIS accepted of the modification of
the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. BOULDIN said he would ask the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Lewi ,] who was far
better acquainted with the facts-in relation to this
s jbject than he (Mr. B.) was, a question,and by
the answer his vote would be governed. The
question he would' ask was this: Are we m a
state of hostility with these Indians, or not?
Mr. LEWIS replied, we are- certainly in a
state of hostility  and in actual war with them at
this time.
Mr. BOULDIN said he would then voteagainst
any resolution on the subject, ! lie viewed sucih
ground as that «e being far more likely to increase
and continue those hostilities, than to bring them
tp ft close. If iheae Indians would lay down
their arms, he would immediately proceed toan
investigation 
Mr. B. would not be misunderstood. He
thought that he who wetuld cheat an Indian
would rob a church, would Mb the dead, and
could receive no sympathy from h*n , or he
countenanced by him in any such dishonest prac-
tice . He did not think we could judge impar-
tially, and fight at tho same time. While this
fight continued he thought it impossible that any
citixsa pf th  United States could be impartial
between his own countrymen and their enemies.
He would take side one way or the other, and
either course would be equally fatal to justice.
After some remarks by Messrs. BELL and
RIPLEY,
Mr. RIPLEY moved to strike out the modifi-
cation just accepted by the mover of the resolu-
tion, so as to leave the resolution as it was
originally presented.
After some remarks by Messrs. LYON., and
GARLAND pf Louisiana,
Mr.,GARLAND offered,as substitute for the
resolution, a resolution to appoiuta seiact commit-
tee, to be composed of three members of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and tha remainder of
other members of the House.
Mr. MARTIN moved the previous question;
but it was not seconded by the House.
After a few remarks by Messrs. GRANT-
LAND, MANN of New York, PEYTON,
BYNUM, and ADAMS,
The House took the usual recess.
EVENrNG SESSION.
The following bills from the Senate were sev-
eially read a first and second time, and referred
to appropriate committees:
An act authorizing the necessary examinations
and surveys for the establishment of a naval ren-
dezvous and depot near the southern extremity
of Florida;
An act to explain an act entitled " An act to
alter and amend! the several acts imposing duties
on imports," approved July 14, 1832;
An act to create the office of surveyor of public
lands in Wisconsin Territory;
An act providing for the further payment of a
pension to Mary J. Babbit;
An act fpr the relief of William H. Robertson
and Samuel H. Gairow;
An act to amend the act for quieting posses-
sions, enrolling conveyances, and securing the
" estates of purchasers within the District of Co-
lumbia, passed May 31, 1832;
An act for the relief of William East;
An act to remunerate the captors of the priva-
teer Lydia; and
An act to confirm the sales of public lands in
certain cases.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, the Committee on
Manufactures was discharged from the further
: consideration of the bill to explain an act entidad
" An act to alter end amend the several acts impos-
ing duties on imports;" which bill was committed
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
On motion of Mr. MAY, the bill to confirm the
sales of public lands in certain cases, was read the
third tune and passed.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The House took up the amendments of the
Senate to the bill making appropriations for cer-
tain fortifications for the year 1836.
The first amendment, to strike from the bill the
clause in relation to establishing depots for arms
in Arkansas, Missouri, &c, was non-concurred
in.
The second amendment, adding a new section,
was concurred in.
,               MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Lowrie, their Secretary, transmitting a res-
olution suspending the rules in relation to the
franking privilege, so far as related to Dolly P.
Madison, widow of the late James Madison.
On motion of Mr. PATTON, the resolution of
the Senate was concurred in.
The bill of the Senate to extend the franking
•privilege to Dolly P. Madison, widow of the late
James Madison, was then read a third time and
passed.
CR*¥K INDtAftS.
The House resumed the con|ideT tioa of the
resolution (given above) in relation to the frauds
in Creek lands,
Mr, Riplet had moved to strike out the modi-
fication submitted by Mr. Whs, and accepted
by the mover of the resolution, so as to leave the
rssolution as it was originally aubwtted. Mr.
Garland, of Louisiana, had moved a substitute,
proposing to raise a select committee of — man>-
bers, to have three members of the Committee op
Indian Affairs on said committee; subsequently
modified by striking out the part relative to there
being three member* of the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. MANN, of New York, briefly replied to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adaiis.]
Mr. BELL believed that millions had been ex-
pended by these abuses in relation to frauds, and
he believed that the Creek war had grown out of
these abuses. He did not impute, any improper
motives to officers of the Government, yet such
was the fact. He believed the investigations here-
tofore instituted had proved abortive, although
he doubted not they were instituted with the
purest motives. He did not believe we should ever
know the truth in relation to those frauds, until
a committee was sent to investigate the matter,
with more power than the agents which had here-
tofore been sent there. He thought much might
be done by instituting an inquiry, and he thought
the country called for it. He was of opinion that
the Committee on Indian Affairs was the mos
proper committee to refer this subject to, although
he did not think that he himself would be able to
attend to the duties which would be required of
that committee.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he would, with great
pleasure, have voted for the resolution originally
introduced by the honorable gentleman from Ala-
bama, {Mr. Lewis,] but he could not, and would
not, vote for it now, after the gentleman had ac-
cepted of the modification proposed by the hon-
orable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wisb.]
The gentleman from Alabama, who was most
particularly interested in the subject-matter to
which the resolution referred, in having the al-
leged frauds ferreted out, had, no doubt, intro-
duced his proposition after most mature delib-
eration. He was not in the habit of taking any
step here without looking well to its effects and
consequences, both immediate and ulterior; and
it gave him great pleasuie here to be able to add,
is relation to that honorable gentleman, that the
efficient, able, and, so far as regarded the Admin-
istration, ha might add, the candid manner in
which he treated the interests of that portion of
our  southern  eountry which  is  threatened or
i scourged with an Indian war, constituted an am-
ple guarantee that everything that he proposed or
moved in relation to that interesting subject was
I the result of all becoming care and reflection.
Though an Opposition member, he had proved
himself above making tha Indian wars that liad
so suddenly visited name pf the fairest portions
of the South., pretexts for attacking and imputing
blame to the Administration; on the contrary,
he had evinced a disposition, which he (Mr. V.)
could wish that many gentlemen would recipro-
cate and emulate, to do the Administration full
justice; aad after the candid aud magnanimous
course which the gentleman from Alabama had
pursued touching our Indian troubles, it was not
surprising that there had been a strong predis-
position here with even the friends of the Admin-
istration, to gratify that gentleman in relation to
appropriations for the relief of those whose posi-
tion exposed them to the losses and dangers of
those desolating wars, and to think rather favor-
ably of propositions that he might originate or
offer in relation to that interesting subject. The
gentleman's original proposition of this morning
would most assuredly have commanded s> most
triumphant majority, if not an almost unanimous
vote; and he (Mr. V.) very much regretwd that
he ha4 yielded to the importunities of tho honor-
able gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,} and
Jiad accepted of his resolution as a modification
of his own.   Ha now very much feared that he
f had, by this act of acceptance, jeoparded the
success of the measure, in ant) form; nay, thathe
I had secured tha entire frustratipp of the object he
thad in view  when he. offered the memorial aj*l
introduced his resolution this morning.
[    The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Pbttov]
f was responsible for introducing " paj-ty " into the
consideration of this subject. He fead. as usual,
treated u  with the old hackneyed catchword of
•« the party."    Were there any >f > e friends of
