<m
mtimmttm&mtiVA&LQm:
the Administration here—anywho «mid Trot be
•intimidated or driven from their principles by
Satirical sneers and sarcastic appellations? If
there were any such, he would earnestly and re-
spectfully beg'them to look well irrto tlio import
of the resolution of the gentleman from Alabama1,
as it now Was, after the incorporation of the mod-
ification of.the gentleman from Virginia, before
they voted for it. He would ask the friends of the
Administration—he hoped he rnisht still say he
worm aSk a majority of this Hotrst, whether
they emrld vote for the resolution in its present
form, when it involved such a direct imputation
of gross delinquency on the part of the executive
branch of this Govern men t? What did the resolu-
tion now propose? Why, it proposed to appoint
a select committee, not only to inquire into the
alleged frauds upon the Indians,but also totno-uire
into the cavses of the Indian tears; and this, too,
after the repeated invectives of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Wise] against the executive
branch of the Government for not reporting or
disclosing to us the true causes of the Seminole
war. Have the friends of the Administration
lost their recollection? If not, will they not bear
me witness that the gentleman from Virginia has
again and again charged the Executive with a most
culpable omission to communicate to us the true
causes of the Seminole hostilities >—has again and
again denounced what he seemed to suppose was
contumacy in the Executive, for not answering
calls, and not favoring us with the necessary light
on- this subject? And are those who claim to
belong—who are, like myself,proud to belong to
'' the parly"—are they ready to vote for a resolu-
tion which involves an admission that these oft-
repeatL d complaintsare well founded ?—which does
even more than this, wiiich involves an appeal
from this alleged delinquency and contumacy of
the Executive to an itinerant and most powerless
committee of this House-? Let gentlemen show, by
their1 votes on this occasion, how credulous and
confiding an'ear they lend here to accusations
against that good old man, who has given such
nobte, such repeated, such ample pledges of de-
votion to the best interests of his beloved country.
Are they willing to say, by their votes, without
evidence, that he has been grossly remiss—that
he has been guilty of a sin of omission that should
expose him to the severest reprehension of all
•honest men h  Let them answer by their votes.
He (Mr. V.) could not but admire the tactics
of the honorable gentleman from Virginia; and
he hoped that upon this occasion he would not
by success exemplify a remark which he made a
few days ago in a speech on the deposit bill after
its passage. He then pronounced a high eulo-
gium upon a distinguished member of the other
branch of the Legislature, and told us that the
skill and tact With which that gentleman had se-
cured the success of'His favdrke measure Were
enough to gain him immortal femé; that he knew
when and where to strike; that upon that occa-
sion he had made a dash at the covey, and the
birds had scattered ami divided. It would seem
that the honorable gentleman now means to imi-
tate! the example of that distinguished man. He
has thrown in among the flock, and he hopes to
scatter and divide them f but they have not yet
mounted on the wing, and all time for reflection
has not yet passed. The gentleman well knew
that a bald and naked proposition of his own to
raise a committee to inquire into the eauses of
the Seminole war, on the alleged ground that the
President had refused to communicate them,
would not for a moment be sustained by this
House.
The gentleman frorti Alabama introduces a res-
olution, that the President cause inquiry to be
-made into frauds upon the Indians; and then the
gentleman from Virginia Very opportunely, as he
no doubt suppojed, offers his amendment, by
■wiiich he not only proposed to transfer the sub-
ject of the resolution to one 6f the" traveling com-
--mittees of thin House, but incorporates another
'matter which involves- a- direct imputation of de-
linquency uprTn the Executive—which proposes
rtn inquiry into matters which thegentleman has
so often told us that the Executive has bo culpa-
bly, neglected to disclose to us.. He doubtless
supposes that the overweening, the very laudable
anxiety of the friends of the Administration to
eviscerate the nttmcr1>tiS'frnhdi«"lTf>otvthrflridfttrrff,
would tempt and control enough of them to secure
success to liis amendment—to «wallow it, though
it was made both bitter and acid by the inrphca"-
tion of gross neglect on the pa-rtoT their Venerated
President. It remains to lie seen, sir, Whether
his tactics will frislitett'and sc'titteVentfttj^i ofour
friends herd to-'secure the tricrmpfi of the hbtiom-
We gentleman's favorite measure.' He ('Mr* V.)
trusted not, when they noweaw-teftai Uieá). The
'pill Wdá not sufficiently gilded to deceive and
delude enough for the ptt^pW* tf sudetss. •' ' '
Mr! V. said he was far, Very-far, from being
desirous that any of the frauds in questiori should
be concealed; or>the contrary, he was for adopt-
ing the most efficient Measures to bring them to
the light and to the-execration of the world. He
was in favor of instituting a coniniission by law to
inquire into them. He was fbr three commission-
ers, nominated by the President, and concurred
in by the Senate, who should be invested with
the most plenary powers to ferret out the dark
doings that we haa heard so much talked about.
How much more efficient would be such a com-
mission, than a committee appointed by this
House! The one would, be the creature of ihe
entire legislative power of this Government, with
powers adequate to the full execution of its duties;
the other would be the miserable, rickety, and
impotent creature of one branch of the Legisla-
ture, with powers uncertain, undefined, and for
all efficien t purposes very doubtful. He, of course,
meant nothing personally disrespectful to any of
the committees of this House; he used this lan-
guage only to express their impotency, and entire
insufficiency for the occasion. He wasastonishod,
very much astonished, now, to see these inter-
regnum traveling committees such peculiar aTid
strong favorites of the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams.] He heard a very
different language from that gentleman on a for-
mer occasion. Only two short years ago we
appointed a selectcommittce, with all the powers
that it was competent for this House tó Confer,
i to inquire into the transactions of the Bank of the
| United States. It was an able committee, and
! one composed of as able men as graced this floor.
¡ Well, they repaired to Philadelphia, with their
power of attorney to send for pers jns and papers;
summoned Nicholas Biddle, esquire, to appear
before them, to make certain discoveries, which
they sought. Mr. Biddle appeared, but very
politely refused to gratify the curiosity of the
gentlemen Of the committee, and they returned
to us, just as wise in relation to the doing's of
Mr. Biddle and his bank, as when they left us.
They reported to us the contumacy of Mr. Biddle,
his virtual defiance of their powers, and the
powers of this House; and where was the mem-
ber here, who, amid the doubt and uncertainty
as to the powers of the committer* which all felt,
deemed it prudent to f>ropose or originate any
order against the president or cashier of the bank ?
Who has forgotten a speech which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] delivered on
that occasion, to demonstrate the impotency of a
committee of this House, and to give us an idea
of the farce that would be played off here in any
effort that might be made to enforce its imaginary
powers. Never was anybody more triumphantly
satirized than was on that occasion one of these
fishing "person and paper" committees of this
House. The ridicule which he then lavished
upon such a committee and its fancied powers
was indeed overwhelming. He gave us, as many
gentlemen here will recollect, a most graphic
fancy sketch of the forms through which we
would go to vindicate our own dignity and the <
powers of this House. He imagined that we I
would send our Sergeant-at-Arms to take Mr. '
I Biddle and.all his directors, and the valiant and j
puissant sergeant returning with his troop of I
prisoners, and, being asked how he -took and
secured them all, (answering in the triumphant
tone and language of a certain other single valiant
sergeant,) would respond, " Why, sir, I surrounded
all of them!" This memorable and able speech
many here would recollect, fbr it had made an
indelible impression on his (Mr. V.'s) mind,
and now we had just heard the sume géntleiman
make just as abl« a speech on the other side of the
question!   The opinions of men. Mv. Speaker!
f*r?#tfsdiftlen, wlftft miraculous changes 'they
bftinies undergo'                                 •               J
The argument of the gVmlcman frrim Massa-
chusetts struck him a?, in irinny respe ts, a-very
strange one. He had told us that his (Mi*. V.'s)
colleague, inropposirtg the appointment of such a
committee in cases of this kind, had Surrendrivd
nearly the' Whole of (lie impeaching po'wer of this
House, If hehad not the utmost respect for th>
character and the opinions of the verjirab-h  and
distinguished gentlemnil from MasSaJchiisetis, he
Would say that, t6 talk of such t  coh>mitii e as
auxiliary to the impeaching power, Was absurd
in the extreme* Was there a propositinn here to
Impeach any officer of this Government for ontcial
malconduct; and were the powers of such'ffteorri-
mittee invoked to inquire preliminarily irttofects
in Order to ascertain whether there was sufficient
ground for impeachment? He had heard nothing
of the kind. How, then, could the gentleman tell
us that this committeV; was required nS auxiliary
to the impeaching power, when no officer Was
charged with any offense requiring or justifying
impeachment, and when all that was proposed1 
be done by the committee was to go on an inquisi-
| torial expedition against a horde of speculators
upon the rights and property of the Indians ? If
any gentleman would rise here in'his place, and
tell us, on the responsibility of his high station,
that he had reason to believe-that a ptiblfc officer
had committed an impeachable ofiVnfie, he could
well, in that eveni, imagine the f>r<>priety of ap-
' pointing a committee to inqim-o into tht grounds
• of accusation. This would l>o acommittee aux-
iliary to the impeaching power; but the owe which
► you now proposed to create had none of the
characteristics, and wowld go in pursuit of none
1 of the objects of such a committee.          '
I There was another reason why he Would vote
against the appointment of the committee con-
templated by the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia. The President had' already ap-
pointed competent agents to inquire 'into these
frauds, and he was credibly informed that those
agents had executed their duties most figorousi.y
and efficiently. The President could clothe them
with all the powers with which we could invest a
committee of this H^use. Why, while one tri-
bunal was investigating these matters, should We
supersede its ■ authority by appointing -another
vastly more expensive, and not one particle more
efficient? Why adopt a proceeding that was based
upon a distrust of the Executive, since everyone
who knows the President, knows full well that tf
fraud has an implacable and uncompromising
enemy on earth, it is Jlndrew Jackioii; and more
especially since he has so promptly caused inquiry
to be made in these frauds' Let the friends of
the President answer by their votes.
Mr. BOON called th • attention of the House,
and of the people of the whole eountry, to the
many important subjects yet unacted on, in con-
sequence of this untimely proposition and the
1 discussion thereon. The bill to reorganize Ihe
General Land Office was of the most abiding
and deepest interest to the whole people of the
West; and if a discussion of this kind was to go
on, that bill would remain unacted on. He there-
fore moved to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, called
for the yeas and nay ; which were ordered, and
-were—yeas 80, nays 99.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. LEWIS briefly replied to tho gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Vajídibíoel.] Although
a party man, he never brought party considera-
tion* to bear in relation to oui Indian affairs.
He went for the broadest inquiry, and he still had
hopes that the President would probe this matter
to the bottom. The Secretary of War had done
all in his power to prevent these frauds, and he
doubted not that the President vould institute an
investigation; but, at the same time, he would
vote for the appointment of a committee of the
House to make an investigation of the matter.
Mr. GRANTLAND said that' the Georgia
delegation concurred fully in all that had been
said by the gentleman from Alabama, as to the
disposition evinced by the President and Secre-
-tary of War ta have a strict investigation of the
frauds fclleged to have be n committed in certify-
