m**.<-
m£>^m$cm#m¿M<GL&m
m
n*  «vfttrtw-W for Ciwtk Indian teAte. ^At (he I
s«s e*tinn and on the recommendation of th#''
Gwriía «Weentton, two Additional commission-
er , fitil^mfi  ol ln<rh charactt-i, wert? appointed
several months ago, to aid Colonel Hogao in
bringwsr that investigation to a sp*e«Iy «lose-
While tliat investigation was in progress, it vnf
arreted by th* commencement of Indian hostility.
Mr SUTHERLAND moved the previous
question but the House refused to second rt—
ayes 70, noes 73.
Afur some remarks by Messrs SUTHER-
LAND and LEWIS,
The amendment of Mr Gaw.am> was dis-
«gr< ed to
TIil question recurred on the motion of Mr.
RirLry   to ^.trilve  out Orat p-ut of tin  resolution
wmeh was  mo\ed as  an  ameudment by Mr
\Vi«e, and accepted by the mo\cr as a modifica-
tion, which left it as originally ofleied.
On this question Mr. O VRLAND, of Louis-
iana, called for the yeas ind nays; which, were
ordered   and were—yeas 93, i)a\s£D.
So the motion to strike out \us> decided in the
affir' latnc.
The question recurring on t'ie adoption of the
resolution,
Mr. WISE addressed the House at1 some
length on tne subject, and renewed his amend-
ment as an addition
Mr. PEYTON" followed at som« length,
M-. EVERCTT appealed to the gentleman
fro *i Virginn to withuriw his am ndment.
Mr COON said that th"1 charges mide against
this Administration, of s ippo« d frauds and cor
ruptioH, had been so often repeated^ that tliey
luul lost ail their influence with the prpplr of the
country, and posted b\ the publie, cur like, the
sound u£ the id 1«- winds. Sir, tsaid Mi.B.,) I
ELColIcct that, two jears ago, t!i hue and crv of
fraud ana corruption was sung against the Post
OtBce Deparuuuit, and its tkcii talented «aid dis-
tinguished head. And, Mr. Speaker,one would
haru supposed, from the clamor ef iha Opposa-
uou, that the Post Office Department was the
vtiy fountaiu of all kinds of frat d and corruption,.
Committees of both Houses of Congress were ap-
pointed to examine into the a'l^ged frauds, in the
recess of Congress., and what was the result5
Why, sir, lepoiti were made,and.printed forcii-
culation among the people, containing several
hundred pages of testimony and comment by the
committees, but, after all tlieir labors, they wcie
notable to produce p. oe/ofa solmiy ca^e of fi awl
or corruption ittany one of the otfictrsof the Goí-
era men i. The consequence was, that the puWic
mind became saxisued tbatall the charges of fraud
and corruption were wholl} unfounded in pom'
of fact, and now we hear no móir about the frauds
that were charged upon th" Post Office Depart-
ment. The venue is now changed, and it is now
jupposed, and yeirily believed, tliat enormous frauds
have been committed by some of the officers of
the Government upon the " poor Indians;" and
we are now called upon to appoint a committee
to travel over the country d'Ting the recess of
Congress, with power to send for persons and
papers, with a view to ascertain whether or not
those vague charges that have been trumpeted
forth to the country arc r,e\\ founded
Those who are opposed to sending out this
mission are charted With a dunasition to cover
up those supposed or alleged Gauds complained
of, and party tactics have been charged upon those
wiio arc opposed to tne appointment of a com-
mittee of this House to inquire into tlus matter
during the recess of Congress.       j
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will notohar^e the honor- \
able mover of tins proji ct, or any of its advocate !
with party purposes in this mattery but, sir* as
many ju mueshave been made in reference to the
alleged ft audt upon the poor Indians,-would it
not be fair to suppose a supposablc case, and ie
tuppote that grpat-flí«e/f#n««r>HíJ facilities) would be
afforded to- the political missionaries thus seat
into the different, sections of the country? Might
it not be surnuted or nuppoted by some, thai thw
mission, if sent out through the country, would
havje au opportunity *>f opqrMWg upon the next
presidential election ? How is thi  committee to
to* ¿raised, Mr Speaker? Why, BiriJt is pro-
posed that the Committee on Indian Affairs shall
AVplfte'tfcVwS flr «or* ttf ffieiVo*n Wéfno'érsl'ftfld
we are told that a majority of the Members of
that committee are friends-of this Administration.
Admit this to ba trqes does thaj argue that the
/rundí of the Administration on the Committee on
Indian Affairs will be appointed a sub-committee
far the purposes that arc! had in view in this mat-
ter5 I think not Thf* Committee on Indian
Affairs Is composed of nine members; and I pre-
dict that, ifthe proposition as first proposed, shaft
be adopted by the House, the sue-committee will
not bé raáde-wri of the>téndj of the AdmmUtfta-
Uon. On the contrary, its most bitter enantes
would be sent out, and an opportunity to elec-
tioneer for President would be'traoeded to sotne,
ami the newspapers would be filled with political
squibs, stating that no doubt existed as to the
alleged fiauels, and that all tliat was wantmg to
support tli4 charges was a lack of one or more
credible and disinterested witnesses to testify, and
the truth declare) on oath Thus wjould matters
piogress until after the presidential election in No 
vember next, and to wind up the affair at the next
meeting of Congress, this House, awl the cqua-
tiy, would be favored with another report similar
to the one made on tire subject of frauds which
were charged upon the Post Office Department.
Mr B. said that he had entire confidence in the
President, and that he had no doubt but that
every exertion would be made by the President
to ha\e this matter probed t/> the bottom-, and) if
fraud shall be found to exist, have the guilty pun-
ished. Sir, (said Mr. B.,) I am one of those who
never feared responsibility on my part; and as
one of the representativos of the people, I am
witling to bear my-share of responsibility m vot-
ing against tne appointment of a committee on
the part of tlus Housoy to travel through the
country to electioneer from now until the nest
annual meeting of Congress* at eight dollars per
doy, and eight dolíais for every twtínty^wúkss
travel. Mr. Speaker, I will not detain the Kouw
at tlus late period of the session^ but I felt myself
called upon to say thus much by way of offset to
some of the many charges that hnva been made
against this Administration and its friends.
Mr. BYNBM- demanded-tail j>revious ques-
tion, but withdrcw iLat the suggestion of       r
Mr HAWES, who said a few Words in reply,
to the gentleman from Irfdiana, and theft renewed
(as promised) the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr CALHOUN, of Massachusetts, moved to
lay the w hole subject on the table
Mr WISC called for the yeas and nays; which
were not ortlered, and the motion to lay on the
table was lost without a count
The previous question was then seconded by
the House—SO to 56.
Mr WISE asked for the yeas and nays on
ordenng the main question; which were ordered;
and were—veas 90, nays 66. So the House de-
termined that the main question should be now
put.                                        /          '                    ^
Mr. WISE asked for the yeas and nays, but
the House refused to order thepi.and the main
question being on the adoption of the original res-
olution, w s put and agreed to—«yes 91, noes
not counted.
SENATE BtH REFERRED.
The following bill from the Senate was read
twice, and, on motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means c
An act supplementary to the act regulating the
deposit of the public money, passed the 23d of
June, 1836.
PAT OF REVENUE OFFICERS.
The bin regulating the compensation of officeis
of revenue cutters, returned from the Senate w^th
sundry amendments, Was taken* up", and the
afflenarftents severally concurred m.
PAT/OF MARINE OFFICERS.
Mr. JARVIS, from the Committee on Náréd
Affairs,' repotted, without amendment, the bill
from the Senate regulating the pay of tho officers
of the United States marine corps, which W6«
committed.
PRIVATE BILLS.                    f
The House then proceeded to the consideration
i|
ef tM'jMivtfte' c¥ érs!,^W,1kitl?'p8 l'llSlJeJrí. *A.,)
being Senate bills.               "*        ■  k t ulJn -     i
Tile net foiHKe relief óf Je*n Bapti9te>Jta is 4as
rend tne third time «¥k1 passed.1                        t
The House then went into Committee1 of thS
Whole (MV Bhioés in the chair) on a fe-Zrgc
number of private bills fiom the Senatej and
-#hen tho eomntltfee reSe the following w*re-'re-
poweuto'rfce'Hóuk*             '               ^                '
1 An a«t for dié-rtelief of ír*i*S fíh«btickf
An act for the relief of Hiram A. Hunter;
An aet for tins' relief! of Watte* Loérnis and
Abel Gay,                '
A>« net to provi«h>'fbrthe*etHemenlof the claim
of Mary O'SuIlivan;
An act for the parcHaSe of certain rights orAn-
veiltions of William H. Bell, of North Carolina;
An act for the rehef of Jolin La Touretto,
Art aet for the r*hef of the executors of James
O'Hara,
An aet te> connrwUfe title of the Mirs of M.
de la Careíá'fo a rratíHof Hind;
An act for the relief Of the admiittstrators- of
Michael Hogan;                                              i '
An act for the completion -Of certain internal
improvements hrFIoridaf                                  '
An act for the relief of Martin Frihile;
An act for thtj *ehef of the representative  of
Theodore W. Maurice;                         '
An act fofthe relief of John McCartney;
An act for the relief of James Thomas;
An aet to piiréhaíre tne use of Boyd Reilry's
Eatent for applying gas ot Vapor to the human
ody;
An act for the relief of Peter H. Green and
William Emerson;     '
An act for the relief of Henry Wainwtight!
An act fof the-relief Of Robert Abbott, et at.;
An net for thá relief of Samuel Smith, Lynn
McGhee, and Semoice, Creek Indians;   '            I
An act frJr the relief of Elijah Simmons;
An act in addition to the act for the rehdf of
the representatives of George Hurlbut, deceased)
An act In addmort to the aet for the relief of
the representatives of Lucy Bond and HannaM
Douglas*)
An act to extend two patents irb Jatnes''Bsf*
ron;                                                                       '
AM aetfór the "relief of Satan Ba-tiyw-j
An act ft* the payment.of'the, flnilnia of M&
souf i and Indiana for servfce again« the Indians
in 1832;                                '   -    '
An act for the  ehef of Samuel Warnéf;
An act for the further paymewt-of a p«nsio& to
Mary Babbit;        7                t
An act for the relief <of Doviti McOOrd;           '
An- act for the relief'Of the owners,- officers,
&x., of the private armed vessels, Neptune and
Fox;
An act for the relief of Joseph Hertnek; ^
An act for the'relief of James F. Sothoron/
An act for tho relief of"George Dawson;
An aet to refund the duties paid o« «eriftin
bells;                                                         '
An act for the relief of the exocutorB Of James
Sutherland;                                                          >
An act for the relief of A. and J. Dennis it
Co.;
An act for the relief of Joshua Hatch;
An act for the relief of Nathaniel Canada; '
An act fbr the relief of Ebeneier Spalding;
An act for the relief of Nancy Leamster;
Ah act for the relief of Noah Brown and
others,
An act for the relief of Joseph Bogy,
An act for the relief of the- heirs of General
William Eatoer             '      -
An act for, the relief of Antonio Segura and
others;                                                               r
An act for the relief of Duncan L. Clinch;
An act for the relief of the representatives of
Thornton Taylor;
An act for the relief of Gabriel W. Denton
and others;                 .„,-,,    "c.   i .       *
A,n aet for pie rebef of Stokes, Siockton,, &
Mqore;                                .,           _,
An act for the j-elief of Josctte Beaubien;  , ¡ H
An act confirming the title of Joseph Sorin,
alias Larochelle, to a tract of land ip Missour^;
An act for the relief of Henry H. Hall;
An act for the relief of t)ie representatives qf
David Caldwell;
