m
T#E CVNOHEtíWON'AÍ/ ^LOlfí
July*;
An act kyiag off «ruda town  in Wisconsin,
and for other purposes;
An act for the relief of Charles J. Catlett;
An act for the relief of the representatives of
James Moore;                        .
An act to amend an act laying off town, Bean
fiver, ifcc;
Ao a«t for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Joseph Hazlett and Jemima Monro,
surviving childr«a of thf late Colonel John
Hazlett;
An act for the relief of Isaac Means and others,
owners of the schooner Elizabeth;
An act for the relief of Don Carlos Dehault
Delassus;
An act for the relief of Joba Cummins;
An act for the relief of the trustees of com-
mon schools in the State of Mississippi;
An act for the relief of the widow of Peter
Smith;
An act for the relief of Lamed Swallow;
An act for the relief of Ephaine Page;
An act for the relief of Parker Chase;
An act for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of N. Shaver, deceased}
An act to provide for issuing a land patent to
Thomas B. Clark;
An act ia addition to the act for the relief of
James L. Cathcart;
An act for the relief qf Seaborn Jones and Joel
Crawford.
All the above bills were read a third time, and
passed, exeept the following:
An act for the purchase of certain rights of
inventors;
An act to purchase the use of Boyd Reilley's
patent, &c;
An act for the relief of John McCartney;
An act for th« relief of Peter H. Green and
William Emerson;
An act in addition U> an act for the relief of the
Wgal representatives of Lucy Bond and Hannah
Douglas*;
An act for the relief of the heirs of General
William Eaton,;
An act for the relief of Stockton and Stokes
•ad William Moore; and
An act for the relief of Samuel Warner.
Mr. BRINGS, from the same Comautte  of the
Whole, also reported, with amendments, bills
from the Senate, and a resolution from the Sen-
ate, of the following titles:
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of James Brobson;
An act for the relief of Elizabeth Flicker,
widow of Heifty Richardson, deceased;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Colonel D. Hopkins;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Wilton  Conway, deceased;
An act for the relief of John M. Gamble;
An act for tbe relief of William Rathbone; anda
Resolution providing for the settlement of the
claim of John S. Stiles, under a contract for a
supply of bread.
The above bills and resolution were then read
the third tiple, and passed.
SUPREME COURT OF FLORIDA.
The bill regulating the terms of the supreme
court of the middle district of Florida was read
the third time, iind passed.
The House then adjourned, at two o'clock, a.
m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 2, 1836.
On motion of Mr. ROBBINS, theCommitte on
the Library were djseharged from the further
consideration of all subjects that had been re-
ferred to that committee during the session, and
not reported on.
ABOLITION PETITIONS.
• Mr. MORRIS remarked that it was well known
that he had had in his,possession during the ses-
sion several abolition petitions,which,forreasons
heretofore given by him, he had failed to present.
He now asked leave to present them, ana moved
that they be referred to the Committee on the
■District of Columbia.
Mr. WALKER demanded the queatwn •• to
the reception of the memorials; ana on motion of
Mr. W. this question was laid on the table.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The bill for the relief of William Pollard's heirs !
was ordered to be read a third time: and after-
wards read the third time and passed.
_ The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Lathrop Allen was indefinitely post-
poned.
PROTECTION TO WESTERN FRONTIERS,
The bill to provide fbr the better protection of
the western frontier was taken up.
Mr. CALHOUN said a few words in -opposi-
tion to the bill, and proposed laying it on the
table, that the subject might be taken up next
winter, when they would be in possesion of the
estimates and surveys for the military road con-
templated.
Mr. LINN and Mr. BENTON severally ad-
dressed the Senate in support of the bill; after
which it was ordered to* third reading, and sub-
sequently read the third time and passed.            '
PRIVATE BILLS.
The bill for the relief of Jonathan Boone wa 
indefinitely postponed.
The bill for the relief of Tobias Crum was
considered, and ordered to be read a third time;
which was afterwards passed.
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Josias Thompson was laid on the table.
The amendment of the House to the bill for
the relief of John M. Gamble was concurred in.
The amendment of the House to the bill for the
relief of the sureties of James Bronson; to the bill
for the relief of Elizabeth  Flicker, widow of
I Henry Richardson, deceased; to the bill for the
, relief of the legal representatives of William
Conway, deceased; to the bill for the relief of
William P. Rathbone;to the resolution providing
for the settlement of the claim of John S. Stiles;
1 to the bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain David Hopkins, were severally con-
1 curred in.
,                   DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.                  j
The resolution submitted by Mr. Southard, '
directing the Secretary of the Senate to cause to
be collected, arranged, and printed, certain docu-
ments connected with the cession of the District
of Columbia, was ordered to a third reading;
which was afterwards passed.                               i
The bill to grant to the New Orleans and Nash- I
ville Railroad Company the right of way through
the lands of the United States was considered;
when, on motion of Mr. BLACK, to amend the
bill so as to include certain railroads in Missis-
sippi, the amendment was rejected, and, the bill
was ordered to a third reading. It was after-
wards read the third time, and passed.                  '
PENSIONS.
Mr. TOMLINSON moved to take up the bill
to grant half-pay to the widows and orphans of
those who have died, or may hereafter die, in the
service of the United States.
Mr. PRESTON opposed the motion.
Mr. TOMLINSON called for the yeas and
nays on the question; which were ordered; and
it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 18, nays '
15; as follows:                                                       j
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buchanan, Cuthbert, Ewing of
Illinois, Grundy. Hendnck«, King of Alabama, Lian, Nich-
olas, Itobiri'On, Southard, Tipton, Tombnson, Wad, Web-
éter, and White—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Calhoun, Ewing of Ohio, Golds-
borough, Kent, Leigh, Mangum, Moore, Porter, Preston,
Robbins, Kuggie;, Swift, Walker, and Wright—15.
Mr. TOMLINSON explained and advocated
the bill.
Mr. PRESTON opposed it, as extending the
pension system to an enormous and alarming de-
gree.
The debate was continued by Messrs. CAL-
HOUN, and KING of Georgia, who moved to
amend the bill by confining its benefits to the
widows and orphans of those who have died, or
may die, of wounds actually received in service,
or who have been killed, or may be killed, in
action.
After a debate the amendment was adopted.
Mr. TOMLINSON Submitted a further amend-
ment embracing the widows and children of cer-
tain revolutionary pensioners who have died
since March, 1831; and an amendment, at the
suggestion of Mr. Buchanan, to provide for
widows of revolutionary officers and soldiers who
were married during the war, and who have re-
mained widows since; which amendments were
agreed to; and the bill was ordered to a third
reading.
HARBORS AND RIVERS.
The bill making additional appropriations for
completing the Delaware breakwater, and fbr the
improvement of certain harbors, and for remov-
ing obstructions in certain rivers, was read the
third time and passed—yeas 25, nays 12; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benton, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Dari3, Ewing of Illinois, Ewing ot Ohio, Goldshoroiigh,
Grundy, Hendricks, King of Alabami, Linn, Nile , Page,
Uobbms, Robinson, ttuggles, Southard, Swift, Tallmadge,
Tipton, Tounlinson, Wall, Webster, and Wright—2.).
NAYS — Messrs. Black, Calhoun, Clay, King of Georgia,
Leigh, Manguin, Nicholas, Porter, Preston, Rives, Walker,
and White—12.
DISTRICT FIRE COMPANIES.
The bill to organize the several fire companies
of the District of Columbia was laid on the table.
PROVIBENT ASSOCIATION OF CLERKS.
The bill to amend the,act to incorporate the
Provident Association of Clerks in the civil de-
partments of the Government at Washington,
in the District of Columbia, was read the second
time, and ordered to a third reading.
HARBORS AND RIVERS----AGAIN.
' Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Commerce,
1 reported, with sundry amendments, the billfrom
1 the House makingappropriations for the improve-
ment of certain harbors, &c; and the bill was
I taken up for consideration, and the amendments
reported by the committee were agreed to.
A debate then ensued, in which the bill was
advocated by Messrs. WEBSTER and DAVIS,
and opposed by Messrs. CALHOUN and
NILES; but bei„re its termination the Senate
took a recess (at three o'clock) for two hours,
EVENING SESSION.
The CHAIR announced a communication
from the Treasury Department, transmitting a
report showing the revenue up to the 31st of De-
cember last; which was ordered to be printed.
STOCKTON ANI> STOKES.
The amendments of the House to the bill for
the relief of Stockton & Stokes were agreed to.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally read the
third time, and passed:        •
The bill granting half-pay to widpws and or-
phans where their husbands and fathers have died,
or shall hereafter die, from wounds receivedin the
military service of the United States, and for
other purposes; and
The bill to amend the act to incorporate the
Provident Association of Clerks in the civil de-
partments of the Government of the United
States at Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia.
HARBORS AND RIVERS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the improvement
of certain harbors, and for removing obstructions
at the mouths of certain rivers, &t.
Mr. PRESTON moved to strike out the appro-
priation of $20,000 for deepening the harbor of
Baltimore.
Mr. PRESTON explained his reasons for offer-
ing this amendment.
Messrs. KENT and GOLDSBOROUGH op-
posed it.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, spoke in favor of the
amendment, and generally in oppoSitie  to the
bill; and concluded with a motion to postpone it
until the commencement of the next session of
Congres .
Messrs. WALKER and MANGUMaddressed
the Senate in favor of Mr. King's motion.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, after Mr. Mangom
