THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY.
PRICE $1 FOR A SESSION.
First Session, 04th Congress.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1836.
Volume 3....No. 39.
had «included, withdrew his motion, and moved  '
to strike out all the bill except those parts making '
appropriations to improve the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi.
Atter some remarks from Mr. KW1NG, of
Ohio, this motion was rejected—yea  17, nays
21; ns foliows:
YE *9—Messrs Bluett, Calhoun, CIST, Cuthbert, Ewing
of Ohio, Grundy, King of Alabama. King of Georgia, Leigh,
.Valium, Moore, Nicholas, Toner, Prestou, lü ves, Walker,
ami White—17.
N iYfi - M««r«. Hazard, Benton, Buchanan, Davis,
Evvmg of Illinois Uoldsborough. Hendncks, Kent, Linn,
I'age, Kobbtns, Kofcwson, ¡toggles, Southard, Swift, Tall-
m.uJgi, Tipton, Touiluison, Wall, W ebster, and Wright—
21
Mr. KING, of Georgia, then renewed his mo-
tion to postpone the bill to the first Monday in
December next; and on taking the question the
motion was lost—yeas 1", nays 22; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Black, Calbonn, Clay, Cuthbert, Ewing
of Uluo, Grand),King of Alabama, King of Georgia, Leigh,
Manguiu, Moore, Nicholas, Porter, Preston, Uives, Walker,
and White—IT.                                                               '
N \YS—Messrs. Bayard. Benton, Buchanan. Davis, Ew-
ing ot Illinois, Goliisbormigh, Hendncks, Kent, Linn,
Nile , Tage, Uobluos, Robiuson, Ruggles, Southard, Swift,
7'allinadgr, Tipton, Toualinsou, \Vall, Webster, and
Wright—2i.
¿The question then recurred on Mr. Pres-
ton's motion to strike out the appropriation of
$20,000 for deepening the harbor of Baltimore;
and the question was lost without a division.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendments, made as iu Committee of the
Whole, were concurred in.
Afitr some remarks from Messrs. CLAY,
PRESTON, WALKER, and KING of Georgia,
in opposition to the bill, and from Messrs. BUCH-
AN AN and KENT in its favor,
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved to strike out
the appropriation of $500 for a survey of the
head waters of the Chesapeake bay; wnieh mo-
tion was rejected—yeas 14, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Black, Calhoun, Grundy, King of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Mangum, Moore, Moms,
Pre-ton. Rive=, Walker, Wall, and White—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benton. Buchanan, CutBbert,
Davis, Etving of Illinois, Ewing of Ohio, Gold.*orou li,
Ueadrtcks, Kent, Linn, Nicholas, Niks, Page, Robbing,
Sobinson, Ruggles, Southard, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton,
Touiluvoo  Webster, and Wright—24.
Mr. PRESTON, unwilling Üiat the name of
the State of South Carolina should he connected
in any way with a bill so objectionable, moved
to strike out the appropriation of £1,000 far a
survey of Georgetown, South. Carolina. , He was.
satisfied that he spoke the feelings and wishes of
his constituents in moving to disconnect them
from a measure containing provision  so abhor-
rent to every principle of justicie,
Mr. CALHOUN seconded the motion, and
called for the yeas and nay s; which were ordered;
and the question was taken and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 21, nays 15; as follows:
YE AS—Mesera. Benton, Black, Caihotro, Cuthbert, Gruo-
d}, Hendricks, Kent, King of Alábanla, King ot Georgia,
L .git, Mangum, Moore, Morns, Porter, Preston, Kobmson,
Ruzirles, Tipton, Walker, Wall, and White—2!.
N AYS—Messrs. Bayard, Baclianau. Dans, Ewing at Illi-
nois, Goldsborougb, Linn, Nicholas, ¡Viles, Page, Kobbtns,
Swill, Tallmadge, Toinliosou, Webster, and Wright—15.
Mr. KINGr, of Georgia, then moved to strike
eut the appropriation of $10,000 for removing the
obstructions to the harbor of Bruna well bar, State
of Georgia-
Tins amendment was rejected; and the amend-
ment* were ordered to be engrossed, and the bill
to be read a. third time—yeas 21, nays 17; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Metsn, Bayard, Benton, Buehwuui, Davis, Ew-
tug of Illinois, Ooldsborough, Hendricks, Kent, Lius, Nicb-
aUu, Page, Bobbins, Itobuison, Ruggles, Southard, Swift,
Tallundgt, Tipton, Tomliiison, Webster,and Wright—21.
NAYS—Mown,   lilaek, Calhoun, Cuthbert, Ewing of
Ohio. Grundv, Kree of Alabama, King of Georgia, Leigh,
Mangum, Mwe.Moma, Nicholas, Preston', Rives, Walker,
Wall, and White—17.
The bill was then read the third time and passed.
The amendments of the House to the bill of
the Senate for the reorganization of the General
Land Office were considered; and,
On motion of Mr. EWING, of Ohio, the
amendments were concurred in.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The amendments of the House to the bill in
addition to the act making appropriations for the
support of the Government for the year 1836,
were referred to the Committee on Finance.          t
CHOCTAW FRAUDS.                         ¡
Mr. MOORE moved to take up the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury on the subject of
frauds in the Choctaw reservations; which was
agreed to; and, on motion of Mr. M., the same
was ordered to be printed.                                        j
CORPORATION OF WASHINGTON.
On motion of Mr. KENT, the bill to extend
the jurisdiction of the corporation of the city of
Washington for making; deeds for lots sold by
said corporation, was taken up, and passed.         i
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. BENTON submitted a resolution to pay
an addition of fifty cents per day to each of the
messengers of the Senate during the session.
Mr. PRESTON moved to amend the resolution
by adding an additional compensation of $100 to
Mr. Hepburn, the lamp-lighter.
Mr. MANGUM moved further to amend it by
adding an additional compensation for Thomas
Clark, the wood-carrier; winch amendments were
agreed to; and the resolution was passed as
amended.
THE NATIONAL ROAD IN ILLINOIS.
The bill to continue the national road from
Vandalia to the Mississippi river was considered;
and, after being amended, was ordered to a third
reading.
,                 ADDITIONAL PAYMASTERS.
The amendments of the House to the bill pro-
viding for the appointment of additional pay-
masters was considered-, and,
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the amendments
were concurred in.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL----AGAIN.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which had been referred the amendments
of the House to the bill in addition to the act
making appropriations in part for the support of
the Government for the year 1836, made a report
thereon, recommending that the Senate concur in
the amendments of the House, with the excep-
1 tion of tie amendments " for removing the naval
monument to the Botanic Garden, #2,000," and
" for extending the inclosures of the Capitol
square, $25,000, "which they recommended tobe
i stricken out.
On taking the question of concurring with the
I committee as U> striking out the provision for ex-
, tending the grounds, the Senate refused to strike
it out.
|     The appropriation of $2,000 for removing the
naval monument was stricken out.
I     Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved that the Senate
, do not concur in the amendment of the House
I appropriating $---------for the purchase of books
and documents for the new members; which mo-
tion was agreed to—yeas 15, nays 10.
The other amendments were concurred in.
CHOCTAW CLAIMS. ,
Mr. MOORE moved to take up the bill for the
adjustment of certain claims to reservations of
lands, underthe 14th article of the treaty of
Danciog Rabbit creek, with the Chpctaw Indians;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER moved to amend the bill by
striking out the whole of it, and inserting, in lieu
thereof, a provision appropriating $30,000 in ad^
dition to the sum already appropriated for the
removal of the Choctaw Indians, now in the State
of Mississippi, to the west of the Mississippi
river.
Mr. PRESTON submitted whether it was in
order to move to strike out the subject of the bill,
and to insert an entirely different subject?
The CHAIR decided that it was always proper
to move to strike out and insert.
After a debate, in which Messrs. WALKER
and MOORE took part,
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, moved to lay the bill
on the table; which motion was agreed to.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill to continue the national road from the
Mississippi river, to Jefferson ci ty, in the State of
Missouri-,
The bill to repeal so much of the act of 1799
as respects the issuing of certificates on imported
wines;
The bill for the relief of Frederick C. De-
Krafft;
The bill to authorize the corporation of George-
town to close certain streets in said town; and
The bill giving the assent of Congress to the act
of the Legislature of Virginia incorporatine the
Fredericksburg and Falmouth Railroad Com-
pany, were severally  read the third  time and
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 2, 1836.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a report from the colonel of ordnance-, which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC   LANDS.
Mr. BOON moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of offering the following resolu-
tion:
Retoleei, Tbat the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing, by
law, that the future sales of the public lands of the United
States shall be confined exclusively to actual ttiilers la
tracts, at limited parcels, at reduced prices.
The motion was disagreed to.
REPORTS   FROM  COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRENNELL, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph
Nourse; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made a report, in part, in relation to that
subject; which, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was laid on the table, and the report only
ordered to be printed.
Mr. LAWLER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Latid Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of John Coss &Co.
Mr. DARLINGTON, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a resolution authorizing the
Secretary of War to adjust the claim of John
Jones; which was considered and agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS, from the select committee on
the banks of the District of Columbia, reported
a resolution to pay Thomas Shankland a per
diem allowance for his services as clerk to that
committee.
In reply tP a  inquiry by Mr. WILLIAMS,
of NorthrtímÍínk,HSh. "THOMAS stated the
compensation intended was eight dollars per day.
Mr. HIESTER moved to lay the resolution on
the table? which was agreed to.
LOANS BT DEPOSIT BANKS.
Mr HUNT, from the select committee ap-
pointed to inquire whether members of Congress,
or others, had procured public moneys of the
deposit banks for ti  purpose of speculating in
the public lands, made a report, accompanied by
the following resolutions:
Resolvent, That the select committee •IV* t*d **¡ *™
House on the 90th June, 1836, be *«<««*«   *£¿% S¡¡
said committee have power to «t duuog the *** > «' tlu 
House.
39
