614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOHB.
July 4,
statement, saying that his " indication and con-  |
tempt had been aroused" by the insult offered to   I
him bv the Chair     Mi. W. did not, and would
not, retract anything he had said.
Mr PEARl E, ot Maryland, then rose and
said that, howiur painful it mi^ht be, he felt
himself under the necessity of moving such a res-
olution as should vindicate the dignity and order
of the House. That House had nothing what-
ever to do with any personal quairel between the
gentleman occupying the chair and the member
from Kentucky; but he was rery much mistaken
if it had not a gieat deal to do with the Molatton
of its orders, and the total sacrifice of all the pub-
lic business at a moment like the present. While
he deeply regretted the painful necessity which
urged him to do it, he most respectfully submitted
the following resolution;
Resolved, That the member from Kentniky, Mr Wil-
liam*, having refused to take Ins seat when ordered bo to
do bj üie Chairman of the Committee ol tilt Whole House,
ha\ing ordered th< ('harman to tike its seat, and having
defied the power of the Chair and the House, has com
nutted a contempt of this House, and is justly liable to itt
censure
Mr. LEWIS contended that the House should i
be governed by the quo antiiw towards itself   He I
held that the gentleman from Kentucky was right
in retorting what he considered to be an insult
towards himself by the Chan man; for supposing
the Chairman  threw an inkstand at his head,
■would he not be justified in sending the missile
back' Mi.L also maintained that the distinction |
should be drawn between the personal and official
character of the Chauman.   He had no doubt the
gentleman fiom Kentucky would say that he had
no intention to insult the member fiom Pennsyl-
vania as Chin man of the House, but as an indi-
vidual, and he would put that question to the gen-
tleman.
Mr PHILLIPS sincerely hoped that no such
question would be propounded to the member from
Kentucky, nor that any course would be taken
that would have the effect of converting this into
a personal altcication. He differed with the gen-
tleman fiom Alabama, whatever might have been
the peisonal feelings of the member from Ken-
tucky towards the Chairman of the Committee of
the Whole, 01 whatever ground he might have
supposed ho had Mr P. thought he had none
He should not be justified in his course, whatevei
his peisonal feelings may have been. While in
the House they were all bound to conform to its
rules, and the pioper time and place foi an ex-
pression of peisonal feelings was else whet e, and
at a differeut time than on that floor. This net
can only be regarded here as an act of the member
from Kentucky, in violation of the order of the
House of winch he was a member. Mr. P. held
that no personal feelings could justify such con-
duct. The language, too, used since by the gen-
tleman fiom Kentucky, in his explanation, must
be considered by all the members of the House
as an act of disrespect to that body and to its pre-
siding ofncoi.and Mr. P could conceive of no
proper result, until that language was withdrawn,
or, if that was not done, of the adoption of a
proposition similai to that indicated by the gen-
tleman fiom Maiyland, in which Mr.P. felt it his
duty to say he entirely concurred.
Mr. THOMAS would suggest whether the
House could not, without compromittmg its own
dignity, postpone the consideration of lus col-
league's resolution till Monday. [General cries
of "No' no"']
Mr. EVANS did not see what could be gained
by postponing this matter till Monday, when it
would probably consume the whole day    If any
more business was intended to be done, this matter
mu3t first be settled, and he regretted, extremely
regretted, that the member from Kentucky did
not seem inclined to accede to tho request, advice,
and solicitation of his friends and colleagues, and
what seemed also to be a very generous sentiment
on the part of the House, and thereby put an end  I
to this exceedingly unpleasant matter.   Mr. E.
regretted that the gentleman did not take the view
of it his colleagues did.   The gentleman himself
had left the matter beyond all doubt; for, since
the Speaker resumed the chair, he  declared his
object explicitly was to ofier an indignity to the
Chairman.                                                                      I
The reason given by the gentleman from Ken- u
tucky offered no justification, even if the Chair-
man had heard his call. Perhaps the gentleman
did not know that those calls tor " question,"
"divide," "tellers," from members in their
seats, were entirely out of order; and neither the
Speaker nor the Chairman of the Committee of
the Whole were bound to regard them, unless a
member rose and addressed the call to the Chair
in the same manner as if he was about to address
the House. That the Chairman had been treated
with great indignity there was no doubt; and he
hoped that gentleman would notiesume the chair,
nor that any other would be put in his place,
until this matter was settled, for the House was
under a deep obligation to protect its presiding
officers.
Mr. CALHOON, of Kentucky, did not intend
to offer any justification of his colleague, but he
was convinced that, when he had had time to
reflect, he would make such an explanation as
would be satisfactory. Mr. C. asked that this
matter be postponed till Monday. He asked it
not so much as a favor to his colleague as to the
other members fiom Kentucky. He again assured
the House of his conviction that on Monday his
colleague would come forward with a full and
frank disavowal.
Mr. PATTON then modified his resolution, as
follows-
Resoheii, That a committee be appointed to take into
consideration what incisures ought to he taken in vindica
fon ot the authority of the Hon e, contemned hv the vio
lation ol order reported by the Chairman ol the Cotnmittee
of the Whole House on the state ot the Union
Mr. PEARCE, of Maryland, then moved his
as a substitute.
Mr ROBERTSON remarked that there was
no difference of opinion in the House as to the
violation of order on the part of the member from
Kentucky; but Mi. R appealed to the House
whether it ought to be visited by its censure and
punishment at this late period. He asked what
member would have escaped censuie if censure
had fallen upon every breach of order dining the
present session ■> It was too late in the session
to commence this vindictive course towards the
member from Kentucky
Mr BOULDIN asked to be excused, as he was
not present when the occurrence took place
Mr. PARKER moved to amend the resolution
bv inserting the subsequent declaration of Mr.
Williams, that his intention was to insult the
Chairman, but the House evincing an indisposi-
tion, Mr. P  withdrew it
The substitute of Mr Pf arce was then agreed
i to as an amendment, with only one dissentient
voice; and the lesolution, so amended, was con-
cuned in [only two voicf s cried " No!" at first,
and aftci a short time a third was heard] with
only three dissentient voices. It was then half
past four, a  m
The House then went again into committee,
(Mi Sutherland íesuming the chair,) and, on
motion of Mr P^tton, immediately lose, and
reported the various bills acted on to the House.
The bill in relation to the five pei cent school
fund in Alabama and Mississippi;
The bill confi'ming certt.n land claims in Mis-
souri, and foi other pmposps, and
The bill to purchase a patent , ight of William
H. Bell, of Noith Carolina, w> re se\ orally read
a third time and passed
On motion of Mr WHITE, ef Floridt, the
House took up the bill authoring the East
Florida Railroad Company to consti uct a railroad
through the public lands in Honda
The bill was on its thud reading
Mr ROBERTSON bnefly opposed it, and be-
fore any question was taken,
The House adjourned at i ve o'clock, a m-, to
meet on Monday morning at eight o'clock,
Mr JARVIS giving notice that, if a quorum
were not then present, he should move a call of
the House, so that it might be seen who were
absent.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 4, 1836.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion; winch was considered, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treii^urv oa directed
to cau&c to be collected, and laid belore the senate at its
next session, all such facts, and information as can be ob-
I tamed through the custom house, or tfom other sources
I re^pectin  the deporfuion oí paupers from Great Britain!
I " and other places " ascertaining a  nearly as possible to
j what countries sueli persona are sent, where landed and
i what provi-ion, it an\, i  made for their future support
I     Mr. GRUNDY submitted a resolution for the
appointment of a iomt committee to wait on the
President of the United States, and inform him
I that the two Houses were íeady to adjourn, and
desired to know whether he had any further com-
munication to make to them.
On the suggestion of Mr. WHITE, the reso-
lution was suffered to lie on the table for the
present.
The bill to confirm certain land claims in Mis-
souri was íeturned from the House of Repre-
sentatives with amendments; which was agreed
to.
After acting on some bills from the other House
that had passed on Saturday, the Senate uent
into the consideiation of executive business, and,
after spending a short time therein, the doors were
opened, when
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tions; which were consideied, and agreed to:
Resohed, That tho Secretary of War cause to be prepared,
and laid before the Senate at its next «cs«ion, d statenitnt
showing what improvements of harbors, nvers, and other
objects have been commenced by the United States; what
was the original estimated cost ot each ot such improve-
ments , what sums of money ha\e been from time to tune
appropriated in aid ol each object; what balance  of such
j appropriations remain unexpended, and what i= the present
| ¡ condition of each work.
j Reiolved, That the said Secretary cause to be collected
and arranged in chronological order all reports of «urveys
made for such objtcts which have been piinted, and alsoall
snch as have not been printed, together with the maps and
drawings, with an index or indexes of reference, that tbey
mav be laid belore the ¡senate at the neu session
The Senate then went into the consideration of
executive business; after which,
On motion of Mr. PRESTON, the report of the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, unfavora-
ble to the petition of Mis. Ann Royall, was taken
up.
Mr. PRESTON moved to reverse the report,
so as to road that the prayer of the petitioner
ought to be granted.
Mr. WHITE explained the nature of the claim,
[interest on the commutation for half-pay of the
petitioner's husband,a captain in the revolution-
ary war.]
Messrs. PRESTON and WALKER bnefly
advocated the claim,and aftei some remaiks from
Messrs. WHITE and MANGUM, the report
was laid on the table.
A message was recen ed from the House of
! Representatives, by Mr. Franklin, then Clerk,
stating that the House had suspended the 17th
joint rule of the two Houses, which declares that
| no bill shall be sent to the Presidí nt for his sig-
I nature on the last day of the session until two
o'clock, so fai as lelates to the bill for tht repair
of the Potomao bridge, the bill to amend the judi-
cial system of the United States, the bill le-
pealmg the provisions in the 10th section of the
tariff act of J83-Í, the bill to confiim ceita^n
land claims in Missouii, the bill to lepeal the
provisions of the act of 1792, which lequnts
issuing the certificates on imported wines, and
the bills that wcie passed by both Houses on
Saturday, and not submitted to the President.
The question on taking up this resolution re-
quiring the unanimous consent of the Senators
present,
Mr. MANGUM objected to the consideration
of the lesolution.
Die CHAI Rdeclaimg that the resolution could
not be considered,
Mi WALKER said he felt strongly m< lined
to appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The Chan then read the 48th rule of the Senatt.
Messrs. LINN and WALKER expressed
their wishes that the Senator fiom North Caio-
lina would withdraw his objections, so far as
related to the bill to confirm land claims in Mis-
souri, and the bill to cany into effect the compact
between the United States and the States, of Mis-
I sissippi and Alabama.
1 Mr MANGUM said he felt constrained to
avail himself of the privilege conferred on him
by the rule, and object to the resolution. His
long experience m the Senate had convinced him
of tho great advantages resulting iioia the in' 
