1S«|6j¡
TKE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfL
615
which Un  House proposed to suspend, nnú the I
¡Tiv.it mischiefs that would result fi om dispensing
wit i it. it ind been adopted after a full knowl-
¿ucr of the inconveniences of the old practice,
•>' '  .'i found to Into the most beneficial
. :'• . !•.. 'lhev :dl knew Hie etpenence of Con-
Zfis was suca, that some of the most important
1 '* '> .a !iet n pascad on th*  last night of the ses-
«■I'ni, witlrut debute, whipt through the other
House, md ¡her tth> Senate) were called on to
usvni to iheni without knowing whether they
 vi' passed t v t> quorum or nou
Ahiiou;h he felt the stromrest disposition to
\ a hi t.i the \i isin s of gentlemen whose constit-
uuuisj were interested in particular measures, yet,
on ui s oci .is.on, In fe't it hi"! duty to persist
in bis objections. He felt thht making any ex-
cenuons would be equivalent to a departure from
the role altogether; and, if they excepted in favor
of any particular measures in the Senate, why
mi: at not the House do the same thing, and curry
it timber5 He appealed to gentlemen whether
h>s course in that body had not alwa\ s been con-
ciliatory and ready to yield to the wishes of a
ni.ijonty; and he assured gentlemen that, in this
instance, be was actuated by no unkind orunac-
ciinia dating feelings, but solely by & sense of
di"v.
Jir. CALHOUN said they all knew that this
rub was rdopCed after many years of experience,
ai.d  !iat, on ilie last daj of the session, the Ex- ,
Aiuttvc had no opportunity to examine a number
of mils. He felt obl.ged to the Senator from
Nor; j Carolina foi making lus objectious, as he
tho.'^ht it highly important that the rute fchould
not V" lelaxed.
Mr. LINN did not nuppose, for a moment, tliat
bis fnend from Noith Carolina was actuated by
any unkind feelings, but laat his objections were
prompted by a sense of duly; but he begsed him
tn re fleet a monru.nl whether there were not occa-
sions on which the nrnst rigid rule should be dis-
pensed with, and whether this was not one of
them. It appeared (Mr. L. said) that this rule
had been relaxed on more than one occasion, and
be trusted that the gentleman would see that there
were some reasons for not so rigidly adhering to
it now. If there was one single bill that ought
to pass, why, let it be excepted; but if it should
be found that all ought not to pass, or that there
were objections to them tending to create discus-
sion, u li v, let them fall. In this particular case,
he wisiitd to except from the rule the bill for the
confirmation of land chums in Missouri; ameas-
urr to w hit h there was not the shghest objection,
and one of the greatest ínteres* to his constituents,
ttbo had been long anxiously looking for its
passage. He should regret exceedingly to see
that measure, which had passed both Houses,
and only waited the President's signature to be-
come a tew, cut off by the rigid adherence to a
role which could not have been intended to apply
to such a case. He could not conceive that it was
tbe duty of the Senate of the United States to
make its rules as irreversible as the laws of the
Mides and Persians, or that it ever intended to
make rulps that should by no possibility be re-
laxed. He admitted the general propriety of the
rule, bat he repeated the hope that the Senator
from North Carolina would see that there were
occasions on which it might be departed from
Mr. WALKER felt conscious that the objec-
tions of the Senator from North Carolina, and
Sustained by the Senator from Sot t*f Carolina,
resulted from a strict sense of duty; but he ap-
pealed to those gentlemen whether their objection 
to bills that had been passed in a hurry, right-
fully applied to bills that passed after full consider-
ation, and to which there were bo objections. He
begeed gentlemen to consider whether such bills
ought not to be excepted from the general rule.
The bill he particularly referred to, and which he
felt so anxious to become a law, was the bill to
carry into effect the compact between the United
States ahd the Stalesof Alabamaand Mississippi,
relative to the sixteenth sections of school landB,
which passed the Senate two months ago, was
reported favorably on by the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands unanimously, having the sanction of
its chairman, [Mr. Ewiso.of Ohio.Jwho was1 so
rigid in his examination of every bill relating to
the public lands.   Now he appealed to gentlemen
whether the rule oueht to apply to such a bill as
th.s : He did not wish the rule to be suspended
with regard to any bill to which there was the
slightest objections; anil he hoped the Senator
from North Carolina would yield to the genera'
\i isli of the Senate, and withdraw his opposi-
tion.                                                                              |
Mr. BLACK read a list of the bills which
would bo sent to the President under the íesolu-
non, if adopted by the Senate, and said that he
would oiler an amendment to prevent its being
carried further.
After some remarks from Mr. PORTER,
The CHAIR stated that the rule was impera-
tive. The rule was, that no bill or resolution
should be sent to the President on the last day
of the session. The Chair, however, felt bound
to sign the bills, and, in the mean time, any gen-
tleman who thought proper might appeal from
the decision.
Mr. MANOUM said, that the measure he
regarded as the most pernicious not being in-
cluded in the resolution, he would yield to the
wishes of his friends, and withdraw his objec-
tions.
Mr. LINN said that his friend from North
Carolina, in withdrawing his objections, had acted
with that kindness and good feeling which had
always chaiacterized his course in that body. If
he could mention one act which would confer a
greater degree of happiness on a particular por-
tion of the peopie, he would íefer to the bill he
had already mentioned; and in behalf of those
who would be so essentially benefited by this
most just and necessary measure, he returned his
thanks to the Senator from North Carolina for
withdrawing his objections to the suspension of
the rule.
After some remarks from Messrs. WALKER
and BENTONT,
Mr. BLACK offered an amendment to the rule
of the House, specifying particularly oil the acts
which should be embraced m it, and confining its
operation to them solely; but at the suggestion
of the Chair, modified his amendment so as to
make the resolution of the House read as fol-
lows:
Resolved, Tbnt the 17tli joint rule of the two Houses or
Congres. , which declares that no bill or resolution shall be
submitted to the Pre>id nt for his signature on the last day
of the sc sion, be su*p"iid"d «•o (ar ns respscts men act 
and resolution as have already passed both Home , and
received the signatures of their presiding officers.
The resolution, thus amended, was agreed to,
and sent to the other House for concurrence;
after which,
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Frixkliv, their Clerk,
stating that they had concurred in the amendment.
After the consideration of executive business,
A message was received from tho President of
the United States, by Mr. Donelson, his Private
Secretary, stating that he had signed the several
bills (specifying them by their titles) submitted
to him on that day.
The motion submitted by Mr. GRUNDY, for
the appointment of a joint committee to wait on
the President of the United States to inform him
that the two Houses of Congress were ready to
adjourn, and desiring to know whether he had
any further communications to make to them,
was taken up and agreed to.
After waiting some time, Mr. GRUNDY, from
the joint committee appointed to watt on the
President, reported that they had performed the
duty assigned them, and that the President had
answered that he had no further communications
to make to Congress.
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN,
The Senate adjourned rine die.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 4, 1836.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, asked the consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the 16th and 17th joint rule  of the two
Houses which provides that no bill th.it shall have passed
One House shall be sent (or concurrence to the othur on
«flier of the three last days of the session; and which also
prohibit  any bill or resolution that «hall have passed the
House of Representatives and the Senate shall be presentes
to the President of the United Sates for his approbation on
the last day of the «esnon, is hereby suspended until half
past tw« o-cleek, p. n>, of this day, M for as respects tolls
of the Senate now in the House of Representatives, and
bills of the House of Representatives now in the Senate
Objection being made, Mr. M. moved a sus-
pension of the rules, and bncfly explained his
object to be to embrace some bills that had passed
the two Houses, but had not received the signa-
tures of the presiding officers.
Mi. RIPLEY asked for the yeas and nays;
w Inch w ere oidered.
Several suggestions were made to Mr. Masón
to specify the bills by their titles; and
Mr. WHITTLESEY stated that there had not
been an unconditional rescinding of the joint rules
for fourteen years.
The question was then taken; and the House
refused to suspend—84 to 77; not two thirds.
Mr. MASON then moved a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of offering the following:
Renhcil, That the 17tli joint rule ol the two Houses,
which d'clnie- that ''no lull or resolution that shall have
passed the House of Representatives and the Senate shall
be presented to tho President of tbo United States for Ins
approbation on the last day of the session," be suspended
U'ltil the hour ot twelve o'clock thin da>, so far as to em-
brace those bills which have passed the. two Houses.
Mr, WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, asVed
for the yeas and nays, for he said he did not wish
to be detained there all night; which were or-
dered.
After various suggestions by Messrs. VIN-
TON, PATTON, WHITTLESEY of Ohio, and
THOMAS, as to certain bills being embraced
within the resolution, and the mode of doing so,
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, moved to ex-
cept the bill to transfer certain appropriations
from the Potomac bridge to other uses.
Mi. MASON, of Virginia, accepted the above.
aso modification
Mi. THOMAS moved to include in the reso-
lution a joint íesolution annulling certain laws of
the Legislative Council of Florida; and called for
the yeas and nays on his motion; but they were
not ordered.
The amendment of Mr. T. was then agreed to.
Mr. T. moved further to amend the resolution
by embracing the bill to amend the judicial system
of the United States.
Mr. LYON called for the yeas and nays; which,
were ordered; and were—yeas 94, nays 61.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to kie)u(le the bill
to alter and amend the act imposing duties on
imports; which was lost.
Mr. C. then mo ed to include the bill supple-
mentary to the act for the relief of the sufferers
by the late fire in New York.
Mr. WILLIAMS,, of North Carolina, called
for the yeas and nays,
Mr. MASON, of Ohio, demanded the previous
question.
Mr. VINTON moved to lay the whole subject
on the table, and called for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table was then decided
ia the negative—ayes 43, noes not eoiNited.   '
The previous question was then' seconded—
«yes 95, noes not counted; and themain question
was oudered to be put.
Mr. ADAMS called for a division of the qucs 
tion.
The CHAIR decided that the motion to suspend
was not divisible, inasmuch as the object for
which a suspension of the rules is asked must
necessarily form a part of the motion.
Mr. ADAMS appealed from the decision of the
Chair, and called for tte yeas and nays on. the
appeal; Which were *ot ordered.
The decision ©f the Chalí was then affirmed
without a division.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspendthe rules; which was decided in tkeaffirm-
«ttve— Vefls 111  fiays 53-
Mr JARVIS moved to amend the resolution
bv including tho bill forthe enlistment of boys
m the Navy, and the bill in relation to the marine
corps; which was lost.
Mr.'GARLAND, of Louisiana, moved to in-
clude the bill allowing the Apalachicola Railroad
Company to locate on the public lands.
Mr PÍNCKNEY moved to amend the amend-
ment ¿y including the bill for the relief of Thomas
Cooper; which was lost.
