'TíT(\:r> .T,'7<v-~:?fl;v
:i;t ot 7JfTrrT<Tci/.
-*'     ^nT,r,r
APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S4th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War,
Sknatk St Ho. of Kefs.
Ptpnrt of f he íerretmry of War.
War DErARTMewT, Jfovember 30, 1835.
To the President or the United States:
Sib: In confornity with your instructions,and
wih the usige of this Depaitment, I have the
honor to lav oefore you a statement of its ope-
rations during the past season, and reports from
the vp.rious bureaus, exhibiting in detail their re-
spective proceedings, as far as these appear to be
slifBcifptly important for communication in the
usual annual statements.
The geaeral positions of the Army remain the
•ame as at the time of my last report. Some
movements, however, have taken place, which it
is proper should be specially brougnt before you.
Fourteen companies have been placed under
the command of General Clinch, in Florida, with
a view to impose a proper restraint Upon the Semi-
nole Indians, who have occasionally evinced an i
unquiet spirit, and to insure the execution of the
treaty stipulations* providing for the removal of '
these Indians. As soon as this takes place, these
troops will resume their proper positions.             i
The regiment of dragoons has been usefully ,
employedin penetrating into the Indian country;
in exhibiting to the Indians a force well calculated
to check or to punish any hostilities they may
commit, and in adding to our geographical knowl-
edge of those remote regions. Colonel Kearny,
with one detachment, marched through the coun-
try between the Des Moines and the Mississippi.
river ; Colonel Dodge, with another, made an (
excursion south of Missouri, towards the Rocky
Mountains;and Major Mason, with athird, joined
by a detachment of iofantry, was employed in
duties connected with the assemblage of a body
of Indians at the Cxoss Timbers, near the Great
Western Prairie, for the purpose of establishing
permanent specific relations between the remote
wandering bauds and the United States and the
more agricultural Indians, who have migrated,
under the public fluth, to that regionror who
seemed disposed t<j improve their condition by
more settled habita. The duties committed to
these troops have Iftea well performed.
The inioTmatio%4ioncerning the discipline and
nwrmle of the army,is satisfactory. The officers
are engaged in a great diversity of duties, growing \
out of various act  of Congress, many of which \
have no direct connection with, their professional
avocations. These duties are satisfactorily exe-
cuted ; and the expenditures to which they lead
«re generally madf with fidelity, and accounted
for with promptitude.
I beg leave to ask your attention to the report
of the Chief Engineer, in relation to the state of
the corpa undernif- command. The number of
officers in that cotfs ie not sufficient for the per^
formance of the various duties committed to it..
The consequence,  , that in some instances the
public works have been neglected or delayed, and.
in others they iavifbeen prosecuted by those who
had not the necessary professional skill and expe-
rience. Persons ¡A civil Jife, possessed of com-
petent scientific knowledge, will not often enter
into the temporary/service of the Government for.
«ueb.*Q r^satio%a i  prftvidsd, by iaw for the.
No. 1
engineer officers. The progress of improvement
through the country creates a demand for those
qualifications which lire required in the military
and topographical engineer service ; and a higher
rate of compensation is allowed than it has Been
the usage of this Department to grant. A gradual
and moderate addition to the corps offers the only
remedy for this state of things; and I am satisfied
that considerations of economy, as well as a due
regard to the proper execution of n most important
class of public works, call for this arrangement.
The same considerations appl y in a considerable
degree to the Topographical Corps, and I ask your
favorable consideration for the measure recom-
mended by the officer at the head of it. One of
the plans suggested wiH accomplish the object
without any addition to the public expenditures;
and will make adequate provisions for a branch of
service connected with the defense of the country,
and which has also the advantage of furnishing
information that may prove highly valuable to
every portion of the community.                             '
Agreeably to a provision in an act of the last
session of Congress, that part of the Cumberland '
road between the town of Cumberland arid the
Ohio river, has been surrendered to and accepted \
by the States through which it passes; and. ar-
rangements have been made by the authority of
these States for the collection of such tolls as will
keep it in proper repair. The funds appropriated
for the completion of this road have been applied
to the object, and will be fully adequate to its at-
tainment. The work, with the exception of some
of the bridges, and of a few necessary repairs,
is nearly finished, and is passable in its whole
extent. All accounts concur in representing it as
constructed in the most faithful manner. Captain
Delafield, who has superintended the operations,
and the officers engaged with him, are entitled to
commendation for the zeal and professional ability
they have displayed.
The United  States are exonerated  from  all'
future  claims  on account of this  road, while
competent provision has been made for its pre-
servation.
The progress in the other works of internal
improvement is shown in the report of the Chief
Engineer. Among these, one of the most re-
markable, as well from its importance as from
the unexpected facility with which it has so far
been executed, is the removal of the raft over the
Red river. An immense body of timber extend-
ing one hundred and eleven miles along that
stream, had covered a large portion of its surface,
and interrupted all communication. This has
probably been collecting for ages, and not only
was this great natural highway thus shut up by
it, but a fertile and extensive region along the
river was inundated, and the whole country in
its vicinity subject to local diseases having their
origin in this submersion. Tins work has" been
in progress, upon the present system, little more
than two years, and the whole expenditure, in-
cluding a sum of $23,000, which was applied in
previous experiments that failed, has been about,
one hundred and thirty-five thousand dollars. It
is estimated that an additional appropriation' of
140,713 -wjtt be ,re<ju¿rod. ta complete ju. and
which, with the sup of $10,000 now in the
Treasury, will make for the whole coát $185,713.
The river has been cleared for a distance of eighty-
eight miles, and there yet remain twenty-three
miles of obstructions to remove. This portion it is
expected will be finished early in the next season,
if the necessary appropriations are made in time.
Before the present plan of effecting this work '
was adopted, there were various projects sug-
gested for its accomplishment; but the most san-'
guiñe projector could not have anticipated such a
great physical change, as is already taking place,
within the time and the means that have been
devoted to the work. A loose estimate of the'
land which will be reclaimed and rendered Valua-
ble by this improvement, which has been made
by Colonel Brookes, formerly Indian agentan
Louisiana, and intimately acquainted with the
region upon Red river, places it at upwards of a
million of acres; and it will form one of the most
productive districts in the Union. This opera-
tion, as a mere matter of pecuniary value, will
return many times the amount expended upon it.
1 have brought the subject to your view at this'
time, not only on account of its intrinsic import-
ance, but from the encouragement it affords to the
introduction and prosecution of ft system of im-
firovement, by which the public lands upon the'
ower Mississippi and some of its tributaries may
be reclaimed from their present condition, and
rendered fit for agricultural purposes. Whether'
the object be attainable within the limits of a
reasonable expense, there are not satisfactory
data for determining. But its great results to the
country, in health, in power, and in wealth, are
obvious.
No appropriations having been made at the
last session of Congress for the prosecution of the-
works upon the fortifications, it has been deemed ■
proper to submit additional estimates of these ob-
jects.    And as some of the forts first commenced
have been completed, estimates have also been.v
approved by you for the commencement of others, -
which have been recommended by the Board of
Engineers in the continuation of the system of
defense devised by them and submitted to Con- •
grcss.   A number of our most important har-
bors and inlets are yet either wholly undefended, _
or so partially protected, as to render their situa-
tion altogether insecure in the event of exposure
to hostile attempts.   An adherence tó the general
plan of defense, and a gradual prosecution of the
work, as the national finances and other consider-;
ations may justify, seem to be demanded by ajost
regard to the circumstances of the «owntry, as
well as by the experience which tHe event  or
the last war forced upon us.            ¿^ ,„..„. fnrtí.
In addition, however, to Olese geMianeirt forti-
fications, there are some of our most «tensive
roadsteads in which floating steam batten*lought
to be employed. Among these are <he^Chesa-,
peake and Delaware bays, and the harbor of
New York. The peculiar situation of tne«e es-,
Varies, as well with relation to ton-exposure
as to the best measures for the far defense and^the
immense value of the navigation and commerce
of which they «re the QHtlets and.inlets, render
%S^^jrvmMm  «*to th*-
