18S5.|
a
XPPEtfBHr TO TÍTE CGNORE6SIONAJ3? *LOBE.
£4th Cos .!. Js* S«ss~
JfopSTT W/ <*  ¿>**fa«MS«r< GtWiTdi.
Stout* ItHcot Rem.
of the other ónices ver* not drawn upen .for ,
several quarter , on account of the sasallness of
tiirir income, or other rureunsstaitces. The ne-
cessities of the Department coaipelled it to draw
on the more produsuve otficeeat the end of each
quarter before tlieir account  could be adjusted;
and its drafts bein^prediceted on estimates, could
not be for the exact sum in hand. To avoid the
dancer of a protest in consequence of drawing for
too much, 'be Treasury generally-drew for to©
little, thereby leaving small balances in all the
draft offices afeo. There -««'re, consequently, bal-
ancea re main une; in the hands of more than ctffht
thousand postmasters, which, though generally
«malt, amounted, in the aggregate to a large sum.
For the purpose of promptly bringing into
«etion the anean* of the Department at the end of
«ach quarter, the undersigned divided the offices
mho three classes. The first class, called " Coi-
-itetieu Office*,'' ate upwards of nine thousand in
number. The postmasters of th is class have bee n
instructed to pay on demand, at tbe close of enoh
-jquarter, the whole amount due to the Depart-
ment ou account of the postages of that quarter,
-ta> the contractors who carry the mails along their
respective routes, and forward their receipta to
«he Deportment- The contractors are instructed
to forward acknowledgments, setting forth the
whole amount received from each and ail the
postmasters, and to report forthwith every post-
master who tails to pay, aad his reasons there-
for, if known to them. To secure promptness
and fide lay on the part of the contractors, they
are permitted to collect only from so manv post-
masters aa may pay then about seventy-eve par
cent, of their quarterly compensation; and they
are informed that the balacee will not be paid
them unid they «bag have cetieetod from every
)üct M their list, of «howl* "by reporting the
deliBqeeet postmasters, that they- have «seal doe
.diligence to 4  so, and ase not m fault for the
failure.
The seeoad «Jas , eeüfcd " Devanante; Ojias,"
about five hundred and fifty ia number, are
instructed to deposit their income in bank* quar-
terly, monthly, or weekly, according to it*
•mount. Tbta class embraces ail the Large offices
and most others- which can as conveniently
.iepQUt as pay to contractors, together with the
¿noet considerable offices on interior routes,
which yield a surplus revenue, and whose pro*
.seeds cannot be used in paying the contractor*
■who supply them.
TU* third class, called " PrajS Officts," about
two hundred and fifty in niuwber., embrace thoas
not convenient to banks, whose proceeds cannot
be paid over to tojftreeteirs at like close of the
quarter without danger of their beúg overpaid,
but may generally he drawD for, in whole or in '
ftart, to pay the balaaeee due, after giving (he j
contractors credit fpr «¿1,their collections.            - |
The interest of the contractors induces then
promptly, after the quarter ende  to push their
¿olleetions, and report a)l delinquents. During
-Uie same -time, the depositing office  are placing
their funds in the-banks. Wlte  the contractor H
acknowledgment for moneys collected comes is,
lúa account is examined. If the balante due, or
any part of it, can be paid by draft on One or
more of tbe draft offices, it is dooe; and that
larbieh cannot be a  discharged is paid by check
on some convenient bank.
The results anticipated from these Measures
ha,w been fully realized. -On  the 1st of July last,
rjaymenU on claims, accruing prior Urthepseeed- |
tog quarter, were suspended; and all the ener-'
ríes of the pay clerk  were devoted to paying the
.debts of that quarter. These payments «ere
completed on the 19th day of August, leaving *
considerable amount of funds in bank. The
payment of the old debts was the  resumed.
From that moment the Department was disem-
barrassed. In no instance since, has the pay-
ment of any claim been refused for the. Want of
funds.                                                                     ■     ¡
On the 1st of October last, the new system of
collecting came, into Action. Eocouragejd by it 
favorable operation, and finding the funds of the
Department in bank to exceed # 140,000, the *■-
dersigned, on the 18th of the kst month, divested
the payment of the bank debts in Baltimore a*4.
Poswa,amou«t¿m *o $£7,304 3$.
The entire debt on the 1st July, as above stated,
was..........................$1,06448* 92
Of this debt there has been paid
out of postages accruing before
the 1st of July, about the sum
of...................409,9*1 34
Out of postages accruing
since the 1st July, the
sum of..............187,086 1*
---------------$597,077 48
Old debt remaining uapaid on this
day, about........... -........  $467,304 44
Of this debt, about $205,000 is due to the banks,
~and the balance to contractors and others.
The statements of the amount of debt, and the
amount paid out of postages accruing prior to
the 1st of July,are not supposed to be exact^ but
they do not Vary materially from the actual
amounts.
The result of these Operations Is :
That the claims of contractors and others against
the Department, arising within the quarter ending
30th June last, have been paid, with the exception
of a few suspensions ;
That the claims arising within the quarter end-
ing 30th September last, have been paid as far as
thev were ready for adjustment;
That $187,086 of the preexisting debt, have
been paid out of postages accruing since 30th June
last;
That the funds in bank on this day, are $73,737.
The payment of an amount of the old debt bo
far beyond the available surplusof the last quarter,
leaving a large sum on hand, will create no sur-
prise, when it is recollected, that, in addition to
that surplus, the Department has been able to
«vail itself of a considerable amount stopped from
contractors, on account of over-payments, and a
■still larger sum arising from the deposits of the
weekly and monthly depositing Offices, on account
of tire current quarter.
The debt of the Department, except that Jjof-
tkrn of it-which, is duetoxiarj^hnd ^e suspend-
ed allowances, is flow perfectly manageable, and
cannot hereafter embarrass its operations. The
bank debt is reduced to about $205,000.
The following statement of the quarterly in-
come and expenditure of the Department for tnfi
last two years, which, though not accurate, may
be relied Upon for all practical purposes, win
more fully show the progress of its financial con-
cerns, and its prospect of speedy redemption from
debt:
Date.
Gross
revenue.
Eipeudi-     Excess of
ture.        revenue.
1933.
Sept. 30*855,949'88. t$74 ,098 1  I
"        - ■ '7a0j209 a7     J4i,415  S '
Excess of,
expend'e.  i

6«G.0flo 86 'ffrhSii 65
717,885 0         81190
703,4*4 73   ' 91,77* 98
7Ü1.497 08 v B3^HP 3?
Dec.   31
J834.                     i
War. 31 rÉ3,60O 51
June 3D 718,088 Ot)
Sept. $*, -«Í.9SJ 03
Dec. J*, 7*^.34,
1833.   i                  '            -i                 i      .     ,
MarTsrl* 769, * 47   «S9.«S2 «    83,841 |t J     -
íuní  33j 7WJM8 «t    871,795 89   198,341 88 |
, As it has already been ascertained from exam-
inations of the returns, that tfaegrereeue of tha
last quarter exceeds.that of the «oracapandirur
quarter of the last year about twerhte.per .centum,
it may be safely etated taatthe surplus of revenue
•ver expenditure far that quarter will be about
$400,000; and that there was, on the 30th Sep*
tember last, m. surplus of available tacana over
the whole debt of the uapartbneaCy amounting t*
about $lj9&¿W0. It ú ..oonftd>Btly txpetWid that
tltis surplus wnil 'be increased, at the end of the
current quarter; to about 0m>WO; and at tbe
end of the ne*t quarter* to aboot $340,000. The
old debts doe to caatractors and others are now
paid as fast as they are presented sad .can be ad-
justed; ami tiae -aocunmifctMtf  of funds, notwithi
standing these paymetlts, is souanaiderable as to
justify a belief that $100,000 of the «roaming
bank debt may >e paid in January next, and-the
boJatioe ia April. - .
The undersigned takes pleasure in. ptese^thuj
pm with the data.which-jostify tkás ariticqiesinn.
H# j  hAppy to say that^ao-far frontnssdintaTyl
•pscuniary aid from the Treasury, the Department
may be presented to Congress before the termina 
tion of their approaching session, substantially-
free from debt, with á clear annual surplus ex-
ceeding $400,000, applicable to thoestabhshment
of new mail routes and the improvement of old
«nes. Even should the suspended allowances
be finally paid, the anticipated result cannot be
delayed beyond the month of July, 1836.
A balance of the books of this Department has
not been effected for about twenty yoars. After
a full consideration of the subject, it was deemed
expedient to-close them, and open a new set from
the 1st of July; 1835. The batanees of accounts
are not carried forward from the old booksrto the
new, but all collections made of moneys due be-
litre that day, are credited to an account headed
««Arrearages," «to the new books, and all pay-
ments made on debts contracted prior to that day,
sure charged to the same account. That account,
■when closed, will show the exact amount of debt
■and of available means at the commencement of
the present fiscal 'year; facts which cannot be
sooner ascertained 'with exactitude.
In keeping tbe new books an attempt is making,
through the agency of general accounts, to show
specifically from Vhat sources the revenue of the
Department is derived, and to what purposes it is
-applied. The accruing revenue is credited to Gene-
ral AccoTHits,headed "LetterPostages," " News-
papers and Pamphlets," and "Fines." The
expenditures are charged to Oeneral Accounts,
headed' * Compensation of Postmasters," "Trans-
portation of the Mariis,'' " Ship, Steamboat, and
Way Letters," "Wrapping Paper," "Office
Furniture," "Advertising,'.' "Mail Bags,"
"Blank , "-"Mail Looks and Keys, and Stamps,"
"Mail Depredations, and Special Agents,"
"Clerks, dko.,for Offiees," and " Miscellarm -
ous." When the entire business of a quarter is
brought upon the books, the credit Oeneral Aci-
jeenrits will be balanced by transfer to the credit
a f * general aocoont, headed " Post Office De-
partment," which will tbus exhibit, at a glance,
the entire income of the Post Office Department
for the quarter, and the sources whence it is de-
rived. .1  like manner, tbe debit General A©-
-counts will be closed by transfer ts debit of'' Post
Ofios Depasunent," which wiHthus shew, on a
siagie page, the arbola expenditures of the quar-
ter, witb tbeebjects'of eocpendrntre. The bal^
ante-of this aeceunt, ihus Tnade up, will exhibit
the condition of the Department at the end cf
cflath q&apuu<.   !i
It has long appeared to the uttdorsigned, tmrti
by a system of this kind, the application of the
public moneys may be shown more specifically
than byany othersystem of specific appropriation;
The efficiency of a department with so many
thousand agents in its employment, essentially
depends oa the vigilance and energy of the di-
recting and superviatng power. Impresses! With
this eonvictio*, it is the policy ttad the effort *f
the Department tomata the-supervisio* *¿*om*
piete, that every individual in its serViee ¿ball feel
that he acts dicectry under the eya of soitisof
its officers ot clerks.                                           ''",
To secure promptitsde -in the rendition 4>f e.6-
ioutrtsjtho postmasters, with the esüeptionof  '
few at the large o&ce*, -hatfe been reqarfefl to"
forward the  accounts withm two1 days, oí %
the first wiaii, after th* close of «ttch quarttr. As
• means- of enforcing this requisita* , the pott
offices are dividediasto fbur Grasses* in refareTiee t*
theirdktajk  srom Washinfto , and other eir-
«umstances. Fer the arrival ef the accounts <#
the first ouvss, ten' clay  arre alio***; for th«*e*M
ood, .twenty; for the third, thirty: and <br th*
i&uth, forty. It is Made the Special doty *f *
olerk ta note the day on w4iicl*eachq*arte ly rte*
turn asri e«,andipjiornptry; call aft dali quents tW
account when the allotted time shall have expired.
This plan of supervision was put in operation
at the commencement of the present quarter. "*
To produce an ever-acüve supervision over con-
tractors, it is made the doty ©f'posunasters at
the ends of aUpostroute*,tokeep, and return to
the Department,-weekly or monthly, according to>
the importance of the route, registers, showing1
the exact tiae of arrival and departure of every
maikwithaufth remarks as the occasio  may re-
quite.   It is «ad* «J  ¿v*? •*"  *****>in « ck
