t 
jmmpm mt?H$ owpm&mwdmffi-
[Decemb^t^,
24í« G0K6klÍTt^)EBS«J.
.Gq&tJw*\&mé*Wtr tffi*W9l>J«<Xl4\@jfo?-_____Swmw ^ Hq*©f Reps.
amount of moneys paid into the Treasury by
the receivers of public money, during the said '
periods.    (Tables marked A and B.)                     '
Th«i*  w > also herewith transmitted coplea of
^e estimates of appropriation «¡quired, by Uus
branch of Uie public service during the ensuing
year, vil.:                                                           ,
Far the General Laud Office,—(paper marked
For the offices of the surveyors general,—
(paper iBJtrkud D.)
.. For   surveying   the   public   lauds,—(paper
! marked E.)   .                                                         ¡
. hi estimating the expenses of the General Land ,
office proper, upon Uio present establishment,
4he Cpmn>issianer, must be ruled by the organi-
,?atioa poi>te plate4 and provided for by tlie act
iof tik?, S*th April, 1812, and of the 2d March,
1,837 >rr-a.-scheme devised i« inexperience, and
•obviously incaHapeteirt to the dispatch of the in-
.ci^-a«iug Lui.siaiebs, apatt from the accumulated
lo«fd of anfitti^, and incapable of discharging all
thjQ obligations; which good faith and good policy
impose upon the iiovernment, in the operation
« f its,laud sy-Ktenu
For RO-me y«are past, Congress has partially
convpJkd with the urgent request* of the office for
.more clerical £id, and by temporary appropria-
tions for f>xtra clerk hire for writing of patents,
Á«.) has afforded sensible relief-, but considering,
as 1 do, that the continuation of such temporary
¡appropriations for the ensuing year, even to a
muck greater amount, would form but an. iiupcr-
f«ct and cxcoptionable substitute for the organic
system upon which, this branch of the public ser-
yitfi ougiit to bo established, in order to secure the
correctness, economy, and expedition in the ad-
iairústEatio,n. of itjs concerns, demanded by exi-
gencies derived from thepast.and becoming more
pressing with the augmenting sales, and the in-
-qa^asiag perplexity in which time involves the
private, laaidclaims of thirty years' standing, from
^wjúc^i the attention of the Commissioner has, un-
awoid^blyifbecii too uitych diverted,! respectfully
invite your attention to the expediency of are-
form ,        „
The estimate for additional clerks, now offered,
is indispensable, so long as the Legislature may
.choose to adhere to the measure of regular force i
prescribed b,y the eighth section of the act of 2d
of March, 1$27; but I cannot refrán from indulg-
ing a strong, Jippe that, 'Congress, perceiving the
iaaujjcie«cy of such temporary expedients, will
.substitute in the course .of the coming seasiqn, a
scheme hotter suited to the weight of the circum-
stances that press upon apd overburden the olfi.ee;
and I very respectfully suggest, that the attention
'of Congross be requested to measures that may
place this institution in the condition of efficiency
fequired by the public interests, as well as by
ju#jice to a great portion of the population of our
country, whose interests are intimately connected
.with the prompt and correct execution of the
duties imposed by law upon the General Land
Qff¡co. I beg leave, moreover, to observe, that
the impolicy of extra appropriations for specific
.services in the office, is found in the fact that it
lias been impracticable, from the nature of the
dutios,to restrict the labors of the clerks employed
¡u«der such appropriations to the specific heads
;of service for which such appropriations were
.made. The circumstances attending the business
liave been such as always to demand the, applica-
tion of the auxihary force, according to the pres-
4au$ of d 11 ties, and hx view of their comparative
importance.
JriíKeiíepreesatsíiqns made by my predeces-
sor in Í833- 34, to the Secretary of, the Treasury
and to Congress, I have not discovered the least i
exaggeration of the difficulties under which the ,
-€htiMd-aái&.)lHd-Oacfcltad.4aboieát a*d.eamci«aMi
to struggle, for-WaWttof'tlmélymiaptationof plan ,
and means to the current business, and to the
arrears postponed' by the causes he described,
which remain in abeyance, while the progress
of time adds to the difficulty of disentangling the
most complicated from their embarrassment.
This posture of affairs appears to call urgently
upon the Legislature to revise the laws fixing the
organic principles by which the General Land
Office has now to he governed; and en&ct provis-
ions whereby a mora perfect supervision of labor
and duty can be practiced; responsibility made
more sensible in the various branches of this ser-
vice-, and the.Cpmmissionerin a, measure relieved
of details that divert his attention from more im-
portant affairs, but which cannot be neglected, as
they occur, withoat occasioning delays, and per-
haps confusion, i'i the set eral bureaus, wlvere
juutce a.ij tí-pf Jxivy would reco'iinn nd th it
tlip rebtive «o'iipi. ligation of ih ■ puii'-'ptil , .slvniM
btvr a proportion to the resiiO'ibibility incurred,
and the abilitis, attention,and industry required.
The annual cost of an improved system equal
to the new business constantly occurring, and to
bringing up what remains behind in a reasonable
time, would probably be greater during,a few
years than the sum now estimated for the next-,
yet in the ultimate result of the experiment, there
would be a saving in this respect, it' is thought,
of several times the difference—a difference of
^mall comparative moment in calculating the j
value of reform.                                                      ■
In reference to the estimates for additional clerk '
hire in the offices of the surveyors general, I
have to make the following remarks: The em-
barrassments which have existed in those offices
have heretofore been fully communicated to Con-
gress in a report, dated 21st January, 1833, un-
der a resolution of the Senate, (printed as Senate
Document No. 50, of the second session of
the Twenty-Second Congress;) in consequence
whereof partial appropriations have heretofore
been made to enable those offiecrs'to bring up the
arrears of work in their respective offices. One
principal object of these appropriations (as sub-
mitted in former estimates) is the transcribing of
the field notes of surveys, with the view of having
copies of them filed, and preserved at the seat of
Government. Lest this object should not be
fully understood, I would briefly remark that the
" /¡eld notes,'' so called, are, technically, the sur-
veys.
The laws in relation to surveying tbe public
lands, by a singular oversight, do not require that
copies of the field notes should be multiplied. On ,
the contrary, the existing provisions of law re-
quire the surveyors general to furnish with the
township plats, instead of copies of the field
notes of survey, a document which is called a
" description" of the township, indicating the
quality of the lands on the sectional lines and be-
tween the corner pbsts, and referring to the char-
acter of the corner poBts or bearing trees. Such '
descriptions, however, answer not the same pur-
pose as the field notes, and no protractions can
be made from 'them. The original field notes are
filed in the offices of the surveyors general; no
copies of them are extant by law; and if such
originals should be lost Or destroyed by the burn-
ing down of the Surveyors' offices, or otherwise,
there would be no record of them in existence,
and the loss would be irremediable, unless by
resurveys of the lands, requiring tlie expenditure
of immense sums of money.
The fact that the office of the surveyor gene-
ral for Alabama was destroyed by fire many
years ago, and with it all the original field books
1 or surveys, of which no transcripts were ordered
to be preserved by law, is one of the strongest
inducements that could present itself in favor of
the additional appropriation for clerk hire in the
surveyors' offices, now submitted, with a view
io effect that object.
This office was enabled to supple, to a con-
siderable extent, the loss occasioned, bv the de-
struction of the surveyor's office in Alabama,
because the surveyor general, in departing from
the custom, had returned the field notes.
The labors in the surveyors' offices have been
freatly increased by the operation of the act of
th April, 1832, entitled, " An act supplementary
to the several laws for the sale of public lands,
by reason of the new and minute subdivisions of
fractional sections, necessary to be exhibited on
the township plats. Previous thereto, the small-
est legal subdivision was the eighty-acre tract,
(half quarter section,) made such by a line run-
ning north and south. The att referred to confers
the additional privilege of locating qvarter-quar-
fers of sections, the divisional line running east
and west restricting tlie privilege of making those
j small entries th two quarter-quarter sections by
who enter them for cultivation, or for the use of
their improvements. To make this law available
jt was found necessary to require the surveyor
general not only to exhibit on all futur" township
' survtys protracted by them respectively, the mi-
nute subdivisions of fractional sections into forty-
acre lots, as nearly as practicable, (under regula-
tions prescribed by the Department, in pursuance
oí the law,) butalso to make new protractions and
calculations of the vast number of fractional sec-
tions in market, and remaining unsold, at the
passage of the act, and to make returns to this
office, as well as to the district land offices. The
maps and diagrams so required have to be prc-
' pared in triplicate. The magnitude of this work,
,and the pressing demands made by purchasers
for the receipt of those returns of subdivisions at
the several land offices, have, as maybe inferred,
(in the midst of the increasing demand for new
lands to be brought into market,) greatly en-
croached on the time which otherwise would have
.been devoted to the bringing tip of the old arrears,
and transcribing the field notes. Hence it has
been frequently found necessary to apply the
whole force in the surveyors' offices to the cur-
rent business, as tlie exigencies of the public
service have from tinte to time imperatively de-
manded, to the delay of those special objects for
which the additional appropriations were re-
quired.
The propriety of making an allowance to the
surveyors general for office rent and fuel is respect-
fully submitted. The want of ample accommo-
dations for the clerks allowed them by law, of
necessity tends to retard the progress of those
important objects for'which the' appropriations
of clerk hire   have been  made.    The  officer is
now personally charged with all expenses of
house rent and fuel for his clerks in the public
service, and his emoluments not increasing by
commissions and foes, (as those of the registers
and receivers) in a given proportion to the amount
of their business, it is certainly an evil that the
"appropriation of increased force ih aid of the
public service has the direct effect to diminish h 3
own emoluments, by the expenses attending the
accommodations he has to provide for his clerks.
"In view of all these circumstances I beg leave to
present the estimate of appropriation for $2,100
for office rent and fuel of the surveyors' offices.
To show the progress of the public surveys,
and the fields of operation that may be expected
to be occupied by the surveyors during the ensu-
ing year, I have deemed it proper to submit
herewith such reports of the surveyors general,
together with their respective estimates, as this
office is at present enabled to furnish. (Docu-
ment marked F.)
/ft Obi .
The whole of the lands in this State which
have beep ceded to the United States have been
surveyed, and, with the exception of some small
former Indian reservations, have been offered at
public sale.
|  /«¿MM,
In this State all the lands which hare been
ceded have been surveyed; but about ninety
townships and fraetionáf" township  hire not
been proclaimed for sale. They will, however,
be brought into market early next season.
/ftthe Ptni*sula qfMUkigan^
la th  pan  f the Territory nearly ail the
ceded lands have been sarveyed and brought into
market. The «mttrveyod portion is prtncimUy
situated in the neighborhood of Saginaw bar;
and ahouhi the iatereats of «he public and of the
settlers rendir it expedient, a portion thereof will
be surreved, *nd pbced m market, before tht
cioso of 1836.
In Michigan, vest of Lakt Michi^un.
In this section of the Territory the whole of
the lands within the "Wisconsin land district have
ueen sun eyed; and m addition to the surteys
within the Green bay district which hate been
proclaimed for sale, i\v office is advised of the
surtey of about sixty-five townships and frac-
tional townships in that district, illicit have not
.yet been proclaimed, hut which can b* brought
| tuto market early yt the fcejtt year if rtquifrd.'
