14
ATTEJmHJ TOiTHET COTraREBBIOíT/\X GLOBH
[December H$%.
24nl Gari ii.r*rS«MK,J Abolition oftSliitenpih Dhtrict of €&hmbia*+-Mr. W.Thompson.
Ho. of Rep$.
ojwers having the charge of paying
unities, or clothed with other specific
India , -an-
nuities, or clotiiea wiw oiner specihc pecuniary
trusts. It not unfrequently happens that unavoid-
able causes prevent regular and timely transmis-
sion or reception of documents required by the
regulations of the Department for the rendering
of accounts, without culpability attaching to the
agentin the smallest degree. Among such causes
are extreme distance, disbursements not com-
pleted, mischance of conveyance, and other in-
cidental circumstances, precluding complaint and
admitting apology.
All material information in relation \o the In-
dian schools participating in the benefits of the
fuuiual appropriation of #10,000 for the cjvilitar
tion of the Indians, is communicated in the paper
marked £, together with the particular disposi-
tion of the education funds, set apart fot that
object, in treaties with the Indian tribes. With
a> wish to bring this- interesting subject more
under general notice, thereis incorporated in this
(statement, whatever has come to the knowledge
of the Department, from societies «id institutions
cooperating in the same beneficent purpose. The
cause of humanity finds an advocate in every
feeling bosom, and the sentiment is as universal
as grateful, that education and civilization march
hand-in-hand in the progress of improvement,
civil and religious. The number of Indian chil-
dren taught at the schools included in this report
cannot be given with accuracy, inasmuch as re-
turns have not yet been received from all the
teachers. ]¿. is supposed to be about seventeen
hundred.
There are, besides, one hundred and sixty-
three Indian scholars at the Choctaw academy,
in Kentucky, the education expenses of whom
are defrayed from funds provided for this special-
object, under treaty with several of the tribes.
This academy bat heretofore steadily increased
in reputation, in proportion to its extensive use-
fulness, and is now progressing successfully in
the adoption of mechanical education, superadded
to-the common elementary branches of tuition.
Ia a former report this topic was adverted to,
and arguments, that spontaneously presented
themselves, were then introduced in support of
the views there taken,, in relation ■ to the subject
of Indian instruction in the mechanical arts, as a
material part of the system of education. These,
in fact, must become, if not the first, the princi-
pal step in the ladder that leads from the abori-
ginal to the civilized state. However agricultural
may be the prevailing disposition or pursuit of
any mixed community, nothing is more clear
than the position that all cannot be agricultur-
ist*  sBJrecsity irfi <diniU¿«iyphjfíucal,«dap||t-
tion, and especially the. pn«Ative requirements in
society for the productions of mechanical skill
and labor, set at. «aught 89 illusive an opinion.
Employments must We found  in a wholesome
condition of society, suited to different tastes.trad
capacities. But fitness for employment presup*-
poses instruction and acquaintance with the sev-
eral branches in which it is exercised, by us
denominated trades. Apprenticeship only can
produce able workmen-, and it it believed that
the mechanic arts can be the more readily grafted
on the,-Iridian stock, through the means of me-
chanical instruction, as a part of the system of
education patronized by the Government.
These suggestion a are offered under «firm per-
suasion of the capability of the Indian to take hi 
station, through the ameliorating process of leU
tej  and the arts, by the side of the civilised man.
And surely all will admit that there is a well-
founded claim on our sympathies in behalf of the
Indian race, when it is considered that our terri-
tories were once th  hunting-greunds of their fore-
father** and that our cities occupy the former
•ties of their wigwams and villages. Humble
in«tr u a*ts ia the hands of Providence, let us*
lend our aid to, the red man's helplessness, *nd^
assist-him t  ascend, where civilization spreads
its. wide expanse,creative of new impulses, and
affording a more genial home to his affections, a
richer harvest for his exertions, and a brighter
atmosphere for his intellectual vision.
• ¿Suitable measures. have been adopted for the
execution of the treaty concluded at Chicago.
wiih; the united nation of Chippewa. Ottowa, and.
Ifolt*W«tony I«di*B«r*nd «. considerable portion
of then  are now on the way to their destined home |
in the West; the residue may be expected to fol- i
low speedily, so that the entire number may prob-
ably be congregated in their new domains in the
course of the ensuing season. Meanwhile, the
commissioner appointed to investigate some of
the individual claims under the treaty, has pre-
sented his report, which has given general satis-
faction, and they have been paid, with the ex-
ception of those disallowed by him, and of which,
by his appointment, he was constituted sole ar-
biter.
Major J. Brooks has succeeded in concluding
a treaty with the Caddo Indians, by which they
cede their land in Louisiana to the United States,
and agree to remove, at their own expense, be-
yond our territoriaLlimits, never to return. This
alteration may possibly save* the small remains of
the tribe from total extinction—a fate that seemed
toije impending on a continued residence in their
present location, surrounded by a population that
operates on the children of the forest like miasma
on constitutions unused to its baleful influence.
The treaty and journal of proceedings are here-
with communicated.
A treaty has also been concluded by Governor
Stokes and General Arbuckle with the Caman-
clies and Wibthetas, two of the three nations of
Indians of the Great Western Prairie. It is con-
fidently expected that the Kioways, the third na-
tion, will also become parties to the treaty; and
there are good grounds for believing that it will
have a salutary tendency in repressing a long-
indulged spirit for depredation, and in preserving
peace among all the Indian tribes west of the Mis-
sissippi. The treaty and journal of proceedings
are herewith transmitted.
Major Francis W, Armstrong was associated in
the commission with the above-named gentlemen.
He had left home to attend the-council, but was
suddenly arrested by disease, which ended in
death before he could reach his destination. By
this unhappy event, the Government lost a meri-
torious andófficient officer, and theChoctaws were
1 deprived of a faithful, able, and devoted agent. It
1 affords me a melancholy opportunity of stating a
j matter highly creditable to the deceased, in which
the good done will live after him, and consecrate
his mensory. In one of his communications to
| the Department he informed that the Choctaws
had then recently condemned to death, and actu-
ally executed, two of their tribe on a charge of
witchcraft. Such, it seems, had been the practice
among them in preceding times; showing the un-
hallowed influence of the superstition and its con-
comitant horrors. Immediately o* being ap-
prised of the shocking transaction, he convened
tile chiefs in council, and prevailed upon them to
abolish the custom, under penalty of death for
being instrumental in such execution, and of the
lash on whoever should prefer a charge of witch-
craft against any  f their tribe. To his decision
and firmness may be «scribed the termination of a
superstitious custom that triumphs in the weak-
ness of human nature, gives a sort of legalized
sanction to the most barbarous acts, and calls for
the immolation of innocent victims as an acknowl-
edgment of its paramount authority.
There has been no intermission of exertion to
indue* the removal of the Cherokees to the west
of the Mississippi, in conformity with the policy
adapted by the Government in favor of the In-
dians, ami to which they form almost the sole
exception. There can be little doubt that bad
advisement and' the intolerant control of chiefs
adverse. to the measure, have conduced to, the
disinclination of a large portion of the nation tb
emigrate and avail themselves of the obvious ben-
efit in the contemplated change. 'Another portion
has viewed the measure in a «aere favorable light,
and enlisted in its «dvoeacy with much warmth.
Such a diversity of sentiment. couM not foil td
crea*  collisions and animosity-, and the effect
ha* been, so far, a prevention of the requisite
unanimity to bring- the question to a favorable
issue. In this state of things, a provisional treaty
Ivae been made with John íUdge* and other influ-
ential members of the nation, favorable td the"
cause of removal, and by then  submitted to their
brethren, is May last. No accounts of their Anal
decision have yet been recavad- The provisions
of the. tieatpar  «• liberal  and the djnadvaqt-
ages of continuing among the white population
which has intrenched itself on their borders, and
even interspersed itself among them, are so glar-
ing, that its cordial and speedy adoption might
reasonably be anticipated. All proper efforts
have been made by the Government to insure
this result, under the conviction that its accept-
ance would lead to their tranquillity, prosperity,
and happiness.
Indications of a contumacious and hostile
spirit on the part of the Seminóles, excited ap-
prehension that they meditated resistance to the
fulfillment of their late treaty, and that their re-
moval could not be effected without compulsion.
To intimidate the disaffected, and quell a spirit
of turbulence, a military detachment was ordered
to repair to their country, and they were express-
ly assured, that a compliance with their treaty,
made by them with much caution and delibera-
tion, and after an exploring party of their chiefs
had examined the land allotted for their residence
in the West, and passed upon it their unqualified
approbation, would be enforced by the Govern-
ment. It is gratifying to add, that they have
subsequently seen their interest and obligation
in a clear light, and that they are busily engaged
in preparations to remove during the ensuing
spring.
The Creek Indians are beginning to wake
from their long-indulged lethargy, and a general
spirit of emigration is manifesting itself among'
them. From recent communications, much con-
fidence is entertained that a considerable portion
will be in readiness to proceed to their western
home in the course of a few weeks, and that they
will be followed by the residue of the nation
within the coming year.
It is respectfully suggested, as a matter of ex-
treme importance, thatearly appropriation shouhf
be' made for the annuity money due to the differ-
ent tribes, that the publication of proposals, in '
those cases where goods are to be furnished, may
be issued in sufficient time to insure competition'
in the most eligible markets, and that thereby the
most suitable articles may be procured on the
most reasonable terms. In addition to this obvious
advantage, much benefit would accrue to the In-
dians, and their convenience.be materially pro-
moted by the early transmission of their goods
and money, so that distribution and payment
might be made in the months of June and July,
before the commencement Of their sickly season,
and avoiding the interference of a later period
with their hunting campaign. Complaints have
been repeatedly made by the different tribes, of
injury sustained by them, through the long-de-
layed payment of their annuities, owing to pro-
tracted appropriation.
The year has passed without any marked event
of a general  character to communicate.    The
fieriod has been a pacific one, with little of vio-
ence or bloodshed to record, and the Indian con-
dition is decidedly on the improvement, so far as
relates to their previous characteristic traits. The
exclusion of ardent spirits, where it could be ef-
fected, has done much good ;and on this exclusion,
and the substitution of other pursuits for war and
the chase, must depend their gradual growth and
eventual proficiency in civilization, a consumma-
tion earnestly desired by every philanthropic
mind.
All which is respectfully submitted.
ELBERT HERRING.
To the Hon. Lewis Gass,
, Secretary of W«r.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF
COLUMBIA.
DEBATE IN  THE   MOUSE,
Motmxt,Heoe iber 21,1835.
.The question being upon the reconsideration
of the vote referring a Memorial to the- Commit-'
tee for the District of Columbia, and Mr. Adam 
having last addresed the Chair—
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, said, -
the gentleman htm Georgia [Mr. Glasscock]
had congratulated the House and the country
upan the ton  and language of the gentlemen
ftaen 4* «wn^riaveholding State  who had taken ■
pmfa tni  ásate. - i (said M*. T.) very new*-
