t&¡4     "i
APPENDIX ,TÍ* THE COSGHEFSmNIlíXíljaBK.
t$
94r* Gon*/,í 1 st Sess.    ' AMitíoA ofiSlavtrlfin District <a/ €kZu &MH*Jíh. J. <rfl*feliíí.         >-?-*' Ha íOiClteUSi
ily concurre*  n that «mgratulation. I am not
disposed to look for sinister and bad motives,
where thoae which are direct and honorable are
•vowed. I must, for the present at leait, take it
for granted that gentlemen mean what tliey say.
1 will not drive off those who may be our friends,
by prematurely suspecting or denouncing them.
But I must say, that the course of some gentle*
men to-day has been well calculated to wrtpair that
eoufideaoe, and to justify suspicions then ex-
pressed by some of my friends. Of one thing i
«•sure gentlemen, that, "w H*. all the «Muieuvrmg
•f parliamentary, let ma add of party tacticsi
they shall sot elude * ,dtre«t issue upon tin*
^ttesAMti—an issue that will have to be met with
■sacks off. And the , sir,-either my coafidqnee
in- gentlemen, or the auspicians of «ay friends,
wOl b* justified.
But, sir, if I was satisfied with the language of
the non-skweholdiBg gen llenen, I was rejoiced, in
My heart was I glad, to listen to the manly and
decided language of the gentleman from Georgia.
It gare me assurance, that on this question, if no
other, there will be a tnorough union of the whole
South ib council, and in srttsa, if need be, on
this great and absorbing question; yes, sir, this
absorbing question, by whose salutary warmth,
ay, heat, if you please, the pestilent vapors of
party strife and personal faction will be taken up.
The question before the House is, will it recon-
sider a vote heretofore inadveriently giren (as is
admitted on all hands) on the reference of a peti-
t*ati; A vote on a kindred petition has just been
taken, and gentlemen all around me exclaim they
Were tricked, they were entrapped. Yes, sir,
such is the language of* distinguished gentleman
from Virginia with whom I find myeell acting oo
thai question  but with «hom, in all human rireb-
•bdity, I shall find myself acting en no other,
And, sir, let me ask, do the majority desire «9
«wail themselves of a vole thus obtained? I know
toot the feeungs of this bed y, bat, regarding it as
• body of gentleman, I am almost afraid of giving
•flense by asking the question. Thoae with
whom I act here, sir, and with whom I have
awed mi times which are past, and in a crisis
everything of which I an willing should be for-
gotten, bat the great principles which were as-
serted—e band of patriots whose party name m
the Sfily epitaph I desire upon my tomb—have
been charged with getting up this discussion for
party purposes. It is untrue. No, sir, we not
•61 y will not ourselves, nor will we allow others
la touch tats vital «ad deüeate question far any
«ten purpose. On this subject, " hands off" is
the word. Thus fas may yoago, but no further.
futí genuemen, here and elsewhere, go on in their
netty mingues, their degrading scsamble for the
•faces, the honor* of this Government; but there
is one interest which must net he involved, and
¿t is this.
1 As to discussing this subject before any human
tribunal, I will not. I will not Condescend to
«indicate to this House or elsewhere this or any
•sher of our domestic institutions. Iti* bo affair
0Í yownr, you hat* nought to touch it, sail less
4a demand a reason of us for- its continuance!
flFhe gentleman feotn New Hampshire {Mr.
Senates]—and I must say that his voice sounded
is ay eat a* the voice of a friend—said, that we
«c~ the South could not know the state of things
-at the North; that in his-distnot there was not
one abolitionist in five hundred. If I did not
know it before, I do now, sir, because he has
■mid so. -bet rae- say, in nay turn, that he dees
mot know the state of feehng at the South; and
1 do, w*th a full knowledge of all my sesponav
fcthuea, declare, that m my oouuon nothing will
satisfy the excited, the almost frenzied South,
Vut art indignant rejection of these petitions; such
• rejection «a. wiH, at the-same time that it re-
•pec * the right of petitioning, espress the prede-
«éosnmtttofi, the foregone epnehwuon of the House
Im  the snfcjec^-a rejection, sir, that will satisfy
•he South, and serve a  an indignant rebuke to
•he fanatics of the North. But we are told that
«ash * course, whilst it would satisfy the South,
-srould «¿fend the people of the North. How so,
■nt >■ I had thought that it was the South that
«vastHMer/eied with, the South that was injured,
4katf it VM the South that w to be- satisfied.
*v%  to4fa*4w l£«t«V*l*t: p«rM t «MCllMt ? I
The fanatics' Fanatics, did I say, eirr Never
before was so vile a band dignified with that
name. They are murderer , foul raurdoreis,
accessaries before the fact, and thev know it, of
murder, robbery,, rape, infanticide. Sir, this
question niust be settled; if Imay so speak itmust
be kilW, a just regard to the lights and ftelings
of the South, to the peace and harmony of this
great Republic, the permanency of our institu-
tions, demand it; in short, air, every considera-,
lion which can address itself to a patriot demanda
LU Yes, sir, in the presence of the armed
monarchies of Europe, with all the powerful
elements both on this and the other side of the
Atlantic, already in incipient commotion, already
rumbling in their deep crater, he is wiHfuliy blind
who does not sec that the time is net distant
when union, concert, all the patriotism, all the
virtue, and all the wisdom of Our whole country
will be demandod. Shall we, sir, continue to
•tir this most prolific source of discord, ay, of
hatred, or shall we settle it, and forever;
Mr. Speaker  there are very few things which
my constituents could ask of me that I would not
do. But, sir, if these insulting petitions—insult-
ing alike te them and to me—are continually to
be read here; if I am to be told that my constit-
uents are land piratea, eruel,inhuman,avaricious
—yes, air, avaricious, (some of these adjectives,
oonsttiering the geography of these petition.!, are
badly chosen;) if, I repeat, my constituents ate
tobe here calumniated and insulted, the y must
get some other proxy than myself to receive these
insults. Sir, the people of the universal South
have for years regarded this question of emanci-
pation in this District as identical with a prope 
siUoti to emancipate the slaves of the whole South,
and no human power can change that opinion;
and, sir, let me ask if that is not the view of these
petitioners themselves? What is their language i
'' That slavery'' causes our nation to be gcg&rded
by the world, as cruel, avaricious, inhuman. Will
abolí Hon in this District remove that impression
whilst slavery exists in the whole South ? Why
no, sir; and they well know it. They meau
more, Would a direct proposition to emancipate
the slaves of the South be entertained here one
moment? Dare this House do it? Dare it do it'
I say-, for I am sure it would not dare to do an
act which might produce calamities so terrible to
us all. And yet, sir, this proposition, which
both sides regard as identical, is to be treated
with all due courtesy, lest you offend that very
worthy band of gentlemen, the fanatics of the
North—a most notable set of philanthropist ,
wha seek to place the black race in a worse con-
dition than they now are; and that such would
be the result, they have the dally evidence before
their «yes, by the massacre of the- whites of the
whole South. I tell gentlemen that they are
walking in a magazine with a lighted torch 111
their hands. Gentlemen may not be aware that,
whilst they are indulging in very poor sarcasms
"on the sublime beauties" of slavery, they wo
not, I am sure they are not, aware of the true
situation of the country as to this most delicate
and dangerous subject. Yes, sir; whilst gentle-
men are indulging here or elsewhere « sickly;
philanthropy, and shedding, or causing to be
shed, crocodile tears over the condition of the
poor African, they may cause tears to flow of a
very different kind, such tears as were shed at
Southampton. This, sur, is all that they can do.
As to any effort now, or ever, to accomplish their
purposes, no one man at the South has any fears 
No, sir; thank God, aa this subject wears united,
and our position is one of security, of impreg-
nable safety.
Mr. Speaker, I should be an unworthy Repre-
sentative of the people who have honored ma with
their confidence, if I could so far ferget what was
due to myself and t  this House, as to indulge
in the language of menace, bnt still more unwor-
thy if I were to palter with this great subject. I
cannot, air, mollify with a phrase. I have not
obtained my seat here by prating about this glo-
rious Union. I will only now say, that I have a
profound, I hope a wise, but by no means a. fa-
natical, attachment to it. There are things which
1 value more; and I tell gentlemen, in all candor
and (pod feeling, that if the people of *nypar+
riwt, «t >hj oeiuttn TSflwd •fomyy * «..national
disgrace, they must make up their mmtb whether
the advantiges of a union with us are worth the
disgrace, if any thing be the price to honorabh 
men of dishonor; or, sir, they must cut the cord
that unites, and be off, and God speed them, how-
ever much I shall deplore the event under any
other circumstances.
The very distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] has stated some appalling1
facta in a speech, sir, to which I must apply, with
some change of the order, a very pointed remark,
as his remarks always are pointed, made by that
gentleman on the message of the President at the
last session, that whatever the world may think
of its spuit, there can be but one opinion of its:
prudence. He says, sir, that if this matter 11
forced upon the House, the speeches of every
member north of Mason and Dixon's line will
be an incendiary pamphlet. I trust not, sir. I
can but hope that gentleman is mistaken. That
venerable gentleman has been so long, and, in
some instances, so fortunately for his country, m
the public service, tha. much of the history of his
life is known to us all; and, sir, we certainly have
a very striking instance about the period of 1808
of a very acute and yery accurate perception of
the state of public «pinion, and to what point it
was tending; but, sir, (and I would not for the
world recall to that distinguished gentleman an
unpleasant reminiscence,) we had about this time
last year an equally signal instance of a mistake
as to the sentiments of his own constituents upon
the subject of the French war; I will not say a
mistake which he may have had occasion to re-
gret, but it was certainly one which forced upon
him the extremity of having to denlonstrate that
a spade was not a spade.
I hope that the gentleman is again, as last
year, mistaken as to the public sentiment of the
North. But, sir, be he right or Wrong, the
South demands to know the truth, and if I had
not been so resolved before that speech was made,
to bring gentlemen to the exptrinieatti*  cruets—•
the test of a vote, I am now.
One word in conclusion, and. sir, it is from om>
who, however obscure, was not the feast ardent
la the late happily ended struggle of the State of
South, Carolina. I assure this House, and pre 
claim from my place here to the country, that
there is not now ofta remnant ef unkind feeling:
on the part of the «people ef t at State to any
other eteetioa. " The winter of our discontent''
is gone, aj*d I hear the most willing testimony to
the balmy influence of the popular meetings at
the North upon eur irritated community. It
may be in God's good providenee—a providence
always good, often inscrutable, that, however
vile may have been the instruments used in caus-
ing this excitement, it may end, in the cordial,
the affeeUonate unión of all sections. Improve)
the opportunity t The action of this House may
go forth in the Smith wi*h "healing in its wings;
or, sir, it niay, to % se,.lhe eloquent language of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr 'Wi E,] be the)
signal to rally the clan. The ties that bind us*
together, and 1 thank God for it, are many and
powerful: the silver bond of íntereee-i-ettt thai
mtereet must be mutual; the silken cord of affce-<
tion, the most powerful of «11; or the iron chaw
of despotism. But letnae tell you, sir, that «very
link of that chain will be bloodstained.
ABOLITION OF SLATEKT.
RfaiARK  OP HON. JAME  GARLAND,
OF VIRGINIA,
In THK HOUSB OF RcraEIENTSTSVSS,
BtetwheY 23, 1835,
In reply to Mr. Slade, of Vermont, 00 the. pet!
tion praying; for the abofiiiofc of slayery in the
District of Columbia                                         ,
Mr. GARLAND addressed the House as Cult
Mr. Speaker: I rise under deep and painful
feelings. I had hoped, sir, that the violent and
pernicious designs of a few disaffected fanaücs
of the North would have been long since silenced,
and the recent votes of this House had inspired
me with the fend hope* that, «pea this floor at
fc  t«4/ne*« should Mv  *#  «* «* « t** «•
