tñ
APPfJMUX/nVTBE;C0I9GHEFSCaNAIi=eL0BE.
[DecemSer1í3l,
24n  Cokí.~¿ 13T Sess.      ^Abolüton ofSlmcry in Distrito of Colwníria-±-Mr. J. Oariánd.
Ho. of Rfiys.
vindicate my fellow-citizens of the South against
the false and foul charges of piracy and man^
stealing, so repeatedly and lavishly made against
them. But, sir, this question has assumed an
aspect that forbids me to be silent; and I should
be recreant to the feelings and interests of those
people who have confided to me the duty of rep-
resenting their feelings ami interests upon this
floor, if 1 could stand by patiently, quietly, and
submissively, and not repel the strong insinúa- 
Uons, unfounded aspersions, and foul calumnies
cast upon them, and roll hack the waves upon
those who have attempted to roll them upon us.
Sir, the honorable gentleman who last addressed
die House [Mr. Slave] has, in effect, by giving
a direct contradiction to-the representations of
other gentlemen in relation to the number and
feelings of the Abolitionists of the North, done
much to unhinge and loosen every feeling of con-
fidence which f beforefelt on this subject, in con*
sequence of the action of the northern people dur-
ing the last summer and fall, and the declaration
of other of their representatives «n this floor, in
relation to this agitating, this dangerous subject.
Honorable gentlemen from that section of the
Union teU us there is a strong feeling of sympathy
in the North for the people t>f the Sooth. Ay,
while some of them tell us, and assure us too,
that not one in five hundred among the people
there favor the Abolitionists or their schemes,
another gentleman (the honorable member from
Vermont) from that section of the country tell 
as, that those gentlemen have grossly mistaken
the feelings of their own people. This gentleman
[Mr. Slabs] tells us, he speaks not only the sen-
timents and feelings of the people of his own dis-
trict ,but of the whole people of-the North? and that
they are strongly in favor of the schemes of these
memorialists. Is it so, Mi-. Speaker? I  it true,
then, sir, that those honorable gentlemen have
disguised and misrepresented'the trae sense and
feelings of the people of the North; «id that the
gentieroattfrenm Vermont is better acquainted with
their true character and true feelings upon this1
question than.thsy are, and has fairly developed
them? If he is, sir, and if he does speak truly,
and if the people of the North do maintain these
opinions, I, sir, thank the gentleman, in the
name of the southern people, that he has frankly
disclosed to us the fact, and disclosed it in sea-
sonable tirm . I thank him that he has pre-
pared us for the assault that awaits us", by warn-
ing us of its approach. I thank 'him that he
has undeceived our confidence, and aroused our
lealousy. But, Mr. Speaker, I do venture to
nope, however, and believe, that the gentleman
has deceived himself, (although I do not doubt
his sincerity,) and has mistaken the true feelings
of the northern people. And here, sir, I cannot
but express my admiration of the peculiar adroit-
ness and skill with whieh that, gentlemen ap-
proached this subject; and while I give the
fentfeman full credit for the «kill and adroitness
e used in contriving to bring this whole question
before us, at the same time I must confess—and
I mean it in no offensive seiwe^i dislike the dis-
ingenuous avowal of sympathy under which he
commenced his attack, and the attempted conceal-
ment of the real views of these petitioners. The'
honorable gentleman professes great kindness for
us; his benevolence for us is very expanded! He
means no offense ! He does not mean to call us
land-pirates and man-stealejrs! Oh.no! Butthen,
says a gentleman, that system among you is a
sy¡Jtem'of land-piracy! a merchandise in human
flesh! The gentleman does not mean to hurt us;
oh, no, but lie means to assail our rights, and
destroy onr property, oUtnf mere benevolence—
mere kindness to ue. While lie smiles in our
faces, he drives the dagger to our hearts! You,
he says, are not pirates and mstn-stealers, but
your system of slavery is, in every míen and in
every form, a system of piracy and man-stealing;
aetompañyiÁg the oharge with everyepprobrious
epithet which the honorable member could String
together. This, sir", it kindness with a vengeance,
for which We have no thanks to return to the
honorable member from Vermont.
I beg leave, Mr. Speaker, before entering- fur-
ther upon the subject before me, to make a single
fsmark in relation to what fell from the vettcfubte
ftoat- Massachusetts,   {Mr. At>A*t. J
That gentleman said, he had no wish to be forced
into a discussion on the " sublime merits of slav-
ery." Let me ask the gentleman, when he
speaks of the "sublime merits of slavery" in the
ironical sense he intended the remark, to cast his
eyes upon that picture (pointing to the portrait
of General Washington) of the Father of his
Country, and stand rebuked by the recollection
of his virtues and his deeds. When the people
of the North were weak and assailed by a cruel
and unrelenting enemy, and struggling for their
rights, that man, at the head of a determined and
resolute band of slaveholders, rushed to their
rescue. He and his companions-in-arms left
tHeir wives, their children, their domestic fire-
sides, their farms, their all, risked all they pos-
sessed, hazarded ¿H they held dear, and periled
their lives and fortunes, to espouse the cause of
the northern people, and in defense of northern
liberty. Sir, that matt was a slavehoMer, and
his southern companions were slaveholders. 1
ask the gentleman to cast his retrospection back
to the eventful period of'76, when that man, with
some seventeen hundred or two thousand patriots,
was retreating before a large and victorious army
through New Jersey, their very footsteps im-
printed in the snow with their blood,and tó took
back again at the conduct of that little band at
Trenton and Princeton immediately after. Sir,
not a few of these slaveholders were there; many
of these slaveholders were the compatriots and
companions of the honorable gentleman's patri-
otic sire, in the Cabinet and in the field, and were
not deemed unworthy. I ask that gentleman to
take back the irony. I ask hint to recall it. It
was wrong, it was unjust, it was unkind, it was
illiberal. I do venture to express a sincere hope
that the venerable gentleman *s feelings upon this
occasion have been treacherous to the true feelings
of his heart. I hope he has not meant the full
import which this term of reproach expresses.
With these few remarks in relation to the im-
putation of the honorable gentleman, I.will ap-
proach the subject before us; in doing so, I wiH
assure the House that it is not my intention to
follow the honorable gentleman from Vermont
through all his mazes, and turnings, and wind-
ings; nor shall I attempt to repel all his calumnies
and insinuations; nor endeavor to satisfy his re-
ligious scruples; nor criticise his moral lecturing;
.nor to notice everything he has said oh this oc-
casion in a vein and a manner better suited to the
pulpit than to the floor of a legislative assembly.
The merits of slavery, and the constitutional
power of Congress to interfere with it in the
States, are questions whieh I will not and cannot
condescend to disease here. I deny your right
to interfere with them in any form.
Mr. Speaker", the question before the House
has assumed a variety of aspects. But, until I
heard the remarks of the gentleman from Ver-
mont thii morning, I had thought, as doubtless
many others did, that the only difference of opin-
ion that existed in the House was as" to the form
and manner in which its sense should be ex-
pressed, or in which a very large majority of its
members should indicate their sentiments, which
I understand to be almost Unanimously Opposed
to any legislation whatever upon the. subject of
these memorials. Some aré for rejecting all peti-
tions and" memorial  of this character; some art
for laying them ort the «able; some propose one
form and some another; but nntil we were favored
with the views of the member from Veftftont,
who has, to his credit, marched boldly up to the
battery Vjaw, and mude an open attack^ none*,
no, not one, gave an unqualified approbation f#
these petitions. Permit me, sir, to make one
further remark oft this subject, before I approach
rhe question itself; and that Is, Who are* these
petitioners ? The honorable member from New
York who addressed" the House this morning;
[Mr. Granger,} of whose acquaintance I have
not the honor Or the pleasure, But hope to have
before we part from the discharge «tf tfur duties
here, has indorsed (and he is a very good in-
dorser) the' character of one portion of these peti-
tioners—'the females': I beg pardort—the ladies;
Now, sir, there is no man orí this floor who has
a higher admiration of the female character than
f have; hut I must confess I do not like t  see
tiW*f 1l*i\y*l6<*h%**tt8rtt#iVptopef ifbJMi
and undertaking to control national politics.    I
do not like to see them become politicians.    Sir
I was very much interested and amused at the
sublime and beautiful description of the character
1 and virtue of these ladies, with which the gentle-
man entertained the House. They are all gen-
tleness, all kindness, all benevolence. Oh, yes,
sir, and their objects are all designed for good;
atid so absorbed are they in their benevolent de-
signs, that they have not brought themselves to
Contemplate the awful consequences of their rash,
proceedings. Now, sir, I have one single recom-
mendation for the gentleman. It would seem
from his remarks, that one of the peculiar virtue*
of these females is, to disturb his slumbers; and
as I understand the gentleman is a bachelor, and
these female petitioner  ate,' I- do not doubt, old
maids, not exceeding twenty-Jive—for they never
get beyond that age—I would recommend him to
take one of these interesting, charming ladies for
his wife; and,'in doing so, I have no doubt he
would lessen the ranks of the Abolitionists one,
at least, and secure himself against any further
disturbance of midnight slumbers; for, be Assured
Mr. Speaker, it is a most powerful teporijie, and
a very pleasant one into the bargain, as you and I
can testify.
Mr. Speaker, as a representative from a por-
tion of the people of the South, I would, sir,
have been perfectly satisfied with the disposition
made of the memorials of this character, when
they were first presented in the beginning of the
present session, of laying them on the table; but
the result of that vote ha  not had the desired
effect of putting to rest tnis question. By an
overwheuning vote, this Housedetermined to lay
these memorials on the table, there to sleep, in
,the language of the gentleman from Massaeha-
i setts, [Mr. Adams,] " the sleep of death." More
than this, the House, by a decided vote, refused
even to honor these memorials with the custom-
| ftry respect of ordering them to be printed. And
what has been the result?" Why, sir, the very-
next moment comes another memorial, and then
1 another; till at length they come so thickJ that the
attention of the House could not keep pace with
them; and the very memorial now before us was
presented and got a reference to one of the stand-
ing committees without attracting- the attention
of the House, whieh, I am quite sure, the House
never designed. Nor was this all. Why, sir,
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. StAWt]' tells
us he is charged with numerous petitions of the
same character. Sir, when are we to have an end
of them? This House has decided they will not
print them; it has decided they will not consider
them fuftherthan to lay them on the table; and yet
they come, and are to Come, in shoals upon u*.
Sir, it is time now that this House should take
a more decisive stand; should adopta more de-
finitive course, should decisively rebuke these
intermeddlers with the property of others. What
now will be the utility of laying these papers on
the table, when we may be met by a motion to-
morrow or the next week, to take them up and
consider- them? Sir, th« laying a paper on
the table is not a final' disposition of it, ai-
though a majority of the House may again and
again make this disposition; for on the rery
question to take up arid consider, or on a question
to reconsider, al weM as ofi the original presenta-
tion, we may httvs debates that will be intermin-
able, and all the mischiefs desired by the fanatics
effected.
Sir, there is'"another reason why the action «f
Congress should be more "decisive now than at
any former period1; «Ad why the people of the
South should call for a more direct expression
of the sentiments of this House than heretofore.
Oh former occasions there wasTia*xtraordinary
feeling of alarm, no excitement, no-apprehensio 
of danger, spread through that section of the
country.' The spirit of insurrection and insub-
erdiiwtiorFwashet fhénabroad. It war reserved
for the lost sumirte!1'seampaign of a few fanatic 
—*my colleague called them bk> d h unds, but the
term is too mild; f calf the** dftNfs -«/*««—a«so-
eiating themselves into- soeietieSy receiving sub-
«eriptions-of more than $20,000 or #30,000- for
the purpose of printing and circulating aMM nyt>«
i*e««diarf paWipWets^ attd stteh beautiful hiw**-
grflrfihM xaKWttÉW étOh* MMf-P*** hold   nty
