18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 23,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.       Abolition of Slavery in District of Columbia—Mr. J. Garland.
Ho. of Reps.
and liberties. We are not brutes. We should
fteJ and that acutely too—we should revenge to
the utmost their blood, upon the heads of those
who shed it. Mr Speaker, we may suffer much
in the conflict with which we are threatened, but
be assured, that unless God, in his providence,
has determined our fate otherwise, we shall drive
back the storm—we will maintain our rights-
keep our slaves in subjection, and drive back,
with a signal overthrow, these intruders upon
our rights
Mr Speaker, I shall not upon this occasion
enter the lists with the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to discuss the " sublime merits of slav-
ery," nor with the gentleman of Vermont into a
religious controversy to prove that slavery is in
conformity with Holy Writ. The latter gentle-
man may find, if he search his Bible, that the
Patriarchs of old held their bondmen as well as
their free servants, and both sacred and profane
history will teach him that slavery has existed in
one form or another from the foundation of the
world, and by not a few pious and learned divines
it is supposed to be a curse pronounced upon the
descendants of one of the sons of Noah But
into the philosophy or discussion of these mat-
ters I design not to enter If it be a stain m our
escutcheon, I wish to distribute the honor to
whom the honor is due, and let our former mother,
England, who bequeathed it to us, take her full
share But, sir, who for a long time carried on
the African slave trade' The merchants of the
North. Who navigated the slave ships> The
seamen of the North.    Yet they reproach us'
The able and patriotic gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Ingersoll,] has told us that slav-
ery had been abolished in the North because the
nature of the soil and its productions did not
longer justify their employment. A very good
and sufficient reason, and withal true; and when
we are in that situation that we cannot benefit
ourselves by holding slaves, why we will en-
deavor to imitate the noble example of our north-
ern brethren, and emancipate too. Interest will
certainly induce us to believe that slavery is an
evil, as it did our northern brethren; when it is not
our interest to hold slaves, then we will emanci-
pate them too.
Mr Speaker, this question has not been
brought upon us by ourselves. We have not
interfered with the institutions of the North, and
why should we be meddled with in ours' I will
here ask the honorable member from Vermont
one question: Will he inform us what we are to
do with our slaves if we abolish slavery in Vir-
ginia * But I will make one proposition to him,
and to the Abolitionists, and it is this: Open your
Íiurse-strings, give the best test of your benevo-
ence, come among us and buy our slaves, and
you may emancipate them at your will, so you
remove them from among us. That will be abet-
ter test of your sincerity and purity of motive
than all your speeches and writings. Till you do
this, I emphatically say, let us alone.
Sir, there is another reason why we should not
meddle with this subject.    What was the con-
dition of things at the formation of the Confed-
eracy >   During the arduous struggle of the Rev-
olution you were willing, gentlemen, to fight the
battles of freedom side by side with the slave-
holder—together the blood of our fathers washed,
and together their bones bleached the battle-field.
You were willing to erect this Union in conjunc-
tion with the slaveholder, and with him to cement
it together. To bring about so desirable an event,
you agreed by constitutional compact to restrict
the powers of Congress, and prohibit their inter-
ference with slavery, and even for a time with
the African slave trade.    But now it is all wrong.
New-fangled doctrines have thrown new lights
upon this subject, and you now reproach us with
that very thing you have sworn to protect. Gen-
erous-minded people of the North '   I again ap-
peal to northern members, and emphatically ask,
Will you violate your plighted faith >   Will you
reproach those who confided in you, and in their
confidence entered into a solemn league with you >
I hope, I believe not.
Mr. Speaker, I had not intended, m the outset
of my remarks, to have said so much in relation to
these fanatics, but I trust the House will pardon
 y feeling on this occasion.   I will now, sir, a*
briefly as possible, recur to the constitutional
power of this House to legislate on the subject
of slavery within the District of Columbia. I
shall pass over the Presbyterian Synod of Ken-
tucky, merely remarking that, judging from this
resolution, they seem to be fit companions for
the abolition priests of the North, who have led
some pious females so unwarily into their schemes.
As to the article quoted from the Richmond En-
quirer, 1 have only to say, that the benevolence
of its editor betrayed him into an error, of which
I do not doubt he has long since repented. As to
the quotation fiom the Richmond Whig, I have
only the same thing to say. In either case, how-
ever, I will remark, that they were urging the
State government, which had the constitutional
right to interpose. As to the aiticle signed " A
South Carolinian," I do not believe it was written
by a South Carolinian, but by some individual
who assumed that name for the purpose of giving
more force to his remarks, South Carolina being
an extensive slaveholding State.
I will now, Mr. Speaker, approach the consti-
tutional question, and would solemnly ask if it
is to be seriously argued that the sages of the
Revolution, understanding liberty as they under-
stood it, would have manifested so much caution
in the framing of the Constitution, by salutary
restrictions upon this sub)ect, and yet have been
so incautious as to leave Congress in possession
of this power anywhere' Where is it found'
It is not expressed, directly or indirectly, in
any one of the provisions of the Constitution.
Again, sir, is it to be believed for one moment
that the States of Virginia and Maryland, the
foremost in the ranks of those who restricted the
power of the Federal Government, would have
given up a portion of their citizens, in order that
there might be inflicted upon them an unlimited,
unmitigated, and unrestricted despotism, reserv-
ing not even the right of representation> for if
the argument of the gentleman from Vermont be
true, this Government, within these ten miles
square, is as despotic as that of Russia or the
Grand Turk. Would the people of Virginia and
Maryland have consented to pass off a portion
of their citizens like herds of swine, without one
solitary action of restriction and restraint upon
the power of the Federal Gov ei nment over them>
Would they have been willing to have erected
despotism in the midst of the Union> Sir, I can-
not believe it. The very idea is preposterous.
Fortunately for us, however, there is proof posi-
tive on this subject. The language of the act of
the Virginia cession is clear, unequivocal, and
decisive upon the point, and it will be found to
answer every argument urged by the gentleman
from Vermont.
The proviso to the act of cession by the State
of Virginia, is in these words: " Provided, That
' nothing herein contained shall be construed to
' vest in the United States any right of property
' in the soil, or to affect the rights of individuals
' therein, otherwise than as the same shall or may
' be transferred by such individuals to the United
' States " By this clause no right of soil passes;
Congress cannot affect the right of individuals
to the soil only so far as individuals may convey
to the United States. The reversion of the soil
is in the State of Virginia. Is it not therefore
most manifest, that, with these reservations and
restrictions, Virginia regarded the rights of the
citizens of the District as effectually secured and
guarantied as they were under her own constitu-
tion and laws previous to the cession > Congress
cannot declare anything designated and held as
property not to be property, withoutexpressgrant.
In relation to slaves, the Constitution regards
them as property, and guaranties its security.
If the power to abolish slavery in the District
of Columbia exists, then the people of the Dis-
trict, though American citizens, stand on a foot-
ing of gross inequality; for Congress is restricted
as to all other citizens > I then emphatically ask
if Virginia and Maryland did so disfranchise this
portion of their former citizens. The language
of the act of cession by Maryland is rather more
equivocal; yet the spirit and design were the same.
When the objects of the cession expressed in
the preamble to the act, the reference to the Con-
stitution, and the restricted character of the ces-
sion aa to property in the said District, are seen,
it seems to me there can be no doubt upon this
question.
Sir, there is another reason why the States of
Virginia and Maryland would not have been
guilty of the excess of folly of making tne ces-
sion unrestricted, and which proves the character
of the proviso referred to; and it is this. Mary-
land was a large slaveholding State, and Virginia
the largest in the Union, and they both provided
that their citizens should return to their respective
governments whenever the ceded territory should
cease to be used as the seat of the Federal Gov-
ernment. Now, sir, extinguish slavery here, and
what do you do ' You make a rallying point for
free negroes in the very center of slavery itself
Here might be gathered all the disaffected and
insubordinate spirits among the slave population
of the surrounding States, who might resort here
in such hordes that the citizens of the District
would be unable to control or check them. I say,
sir, the Legislatures of those two States would
not, and could not, have been guilty of the folly
of making such an unrestricted cession.
With these very few remaiks, therefore, I
leave this branch of the subject, not deeming it
necessary to repeat the able and perspicuous
views of my colleague, [Mr. Wise,] so forcibly
expressed.
But, Mr. Speaker, the question now seems to
be, how is this matter to be decided> It has come
up before us, and, m the language of gentlemen,
it must be met. We all admit this property is
guarantied to us by the Constitution, and that
Congress has no power to legislate in relation to
it in any of the States. The constitutional power
to do so is denied by every member upon this
floor. Why, then, was the constitutional power
of the Congress of the United States restricted
in relation to this subject > Because it is pro-
perty over which we individually have control
was interwoven into our system, and the Con-
stitution has determined that jurisdiction over it
shall not be transferred from the domestic con-
trol of the State Governments to that of the
Federal. How, then, is this question to be de-
cided > I do not wish to avoid a vote upon it in
the most direct manner. I am prepared, sir, to
meet it, come when it will, whence it will,and in
whatever shape it may. But, while I am thus
prepared to give my own vote, I am willing to
make every concession that gentlemen can ask,
reasonably, m the form in which the decision of
the House shall be expressed, so that it be de-
cisive and effectual. But I cannot go so far as to
record my vote to affirm that slavery is an evil.
This is a subject with which we have nothing to
do, and my individual opinion need not be ex-
pressed. I say, sir, I am willing to make the
most liberal concession that the nature of the
case will admit.
Now, let us investigate the true character of
the question under consideration. Our brethren
of the North have bo direct interest in this ques-
tion, but our interest is directly at stake; our
lives, liberty, property, all are in danger. It has
not originated in the South; nothing was heard
of it until this abolition society awakened our
fears, and alarmed us for our safety. The ques-
tion, then, is, will you quiet the people of the
South > Will you decide this question in such a
form as to tranquillize their fears > We are all
brethren of the great American family, and have
been associated together for upwards of fifty
years; let us, then, continue in the same bonds
of fraternal love. The southern people tell you,
we wish to continue in fraternization and union
with you; but their march is impeded, and their
prospects blighted by these harassing interfer-
ences with their rights. We ask, then, our
brethren of the North to quiet us in the most de-
cisive form they can, consistent with their duties.
If they cannot sustain all the propositions that
have been presented, they can either submit or
vote for some one that shall be considered decisive.
I have disposed of the question of laying these
petitions on the table; that course is not de-
cisive, and not adequate to the emergencies of
the occasion. Many gentlemen are unwilling to
reject any petitions, on the ground that it is the
constitutional right of the citizen to petition. I,
myself, Mr. Speaker, have no objection to that
course; but am prepared t  vota not only that
