30
APPENDÍX TO THÉ CÓNG&ÉS&IÓML GLOfíE.
[January 14,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Sufferers by New York Fire—Mr. McEeon.
Ho. of Reps.
motives of self-interest forbid it; motives of hu-
mana v forbid it.
There is in the case under discussion, sir, some-
thinjmore than the mere simple relation of debtor
and creditor between the parties. There is in
this case, and most strongly marked, the nearer
and closer relation, and the stronger obligations
of employer and agent, of principal and factor;
and this "debt, sir. has accrued, not partly, but
wholly in the performance of the duties of such
agency.
It has been the policy of this nation—a policy
so discreet, so wise and sound, that I trust it
may never be discontinued—to collect the neces-
sary funds for the support of Government from
masses of property prior to those minuter sub-
divisions for the consumption of the community,
avoiding thereby the more tedious, the tenfold
more costlv, and more offensive mode of thrust-
ing the unwelcome tax-gatherer into the dom-
iciles of our people, for the aneient mode of cap-
itation, tithe, or small property tax.
It has been found the mutual interest and the
mutual necessity of the parties, that the nation
should collect very nearly two thirds of its im-
post revenue through the agency of the city of
New York. More than two hundred and sixty
millions have been thus collected and paid into
the Treasury. How skillfully or how unskill-
fully this duty has been performed, I will not
pretend to define; the Treasury records will give
the answer. I would not be understood to inti-
mate that New York has paid a sinsle dollar from
her own coffers more than her just quota. Every-
body knows that the consumer of the merchan-
dise, wherever maybe his location, is the ultimate
payer of the import tax. Nor do I claim that
such agency has been profitless or onerous. I
have already said that the interests of the parties
were mutual. My object is merely to exhibit
the existing fact, and to deduce from it the very
cogent argument for the postponement of pay-
ment, that the debt we owe the nation has arisen,
and unavoidably arisen, in our relation of agent
to the Government in the collection of its revenue,
which, by an act of God, we are at present una-
ble to pay.
Everybody knows, sir, that the process of such
collection, and I will add the process of creation,
too, of the imposts, is by and through the impor-
tation of foreign merchandise; and it is equally
■well known that the means, and the only instru-
ment of the whole peiformance is capital. This
capital is annihilated, or so greatly diminished,
that gentlemen maybe assured a fearful derange-
ment must ensue, unless we derive large tempo-
rary assistance somewhere.
There is, sir, a third relation between this ill-
fated city and the nation, which claims strongly
her protection. I mean, sir, that common rela-
tion which every great political or social com-
munity owes to all its parts, and all its parts owe
to the'whole.
We ask this relief, then, sir, first on the prin-
ciple of our relation to the nation, as a debtor of
impaired means, with a creditor whose coffers
are over full.    Again, sir, we ask it on the prin- !
ciple of our relation as agent, suddenly bereft of I
the very implements of our agency, while our !
principalis possessed of a superabundant supply.
And again, sir, we ask it in conformity with
the common social, equitable obligation which a
great and prosperous community owes to each
and all its parts, which from sudden .and unavoid-
able calamity require such aid.
May I say, sir, we do not ask it in the spirit
of supplication, humiliation, and alms-giving?
The city, sir, though devastated, has yet remain*-
ing means. She is rich in the insuppressible
spirit of en terprise, and in the unmitigating indus-
try of her citizens. She merely wants temporary
aid. She asks you in this bill the indulgence of
deferring payment, until she can render her re-
maining means available. Will the nation look
calmly on and close its door on us, while all
around us else have opened their hearts, hands,
and coffers to us?
Will the frugal but equitable East, -will the
hardy- but generous West, will the mounting
chivalry of the South, will the most prosperous
nation that the sun of heaven ever shone on, re-
fiwe the credit which so many reciprocal interests
and mutual obligations enforce? She will not;
I know she will not. Is there any legal or con-
stitutional bar to such postponement? None,
sir; your records are full of precedents precisely
in point; the only dissimilitude is in the mag-
nitude of the loss in this and former cases—the
devastation in this being some twenty-fold greater
than in those.
Will that unfortunate city be the only beneficiary
of the measure ? By no means, sir. In its com-
mercial intercommunications with every part of
the nation it has become largely a creditor. And
this mass of commercial credit has been most
frightfully swollen by the sale and hypothecation
of the public stocks of nearly every State of the
Union. But now without this aid from Congress,
the sudden abstraction of so large a portion of our
movable capital by the conflagration must compel
us to force our commercial debtors, and to press
the return of the tremendous amount of stocks to
the several States of their creation. It is charged
bv the gentleman from Kentucky, as against the
bill, the relief reaches no other sufferers than the
merchants. He is mistaken; for although the
provision is intended chiefly for that class, as the
chief sufferers, and other aids are preparing for
other classes of sufferers, yet such is the diffusive
nature of capital, and such the laws ruling the
existence, the formation, and the blended inter-
course of the people which make up the great
whole of a dense commercial city, that it is quite
impossible to place capital in any class or in any
position which will not extend itself beneficially
to all. The laborer, cartman, mechanic, all, all
will feel the assistance. I may myself be bene-
fited, who have been a mechanic these forty years,
and have neither ships, nor bonds, nor imports.
But were it otherwise, should we withhold it?
' Are the merchants not men ? Are not their fami-
lies women and children ? Are they not subject
to the same wants—hunger, thirst, griefs, dismay,
ruin, as other folks? And because a merchant
has lived well, and is now devastated, will he feel
want and ruin the less poignantly, on that ac-
count?
Mr. Chairman, I have detained you too long,
I have endeavored to confine myself strictly to the
argument; I have meant to suppress all unneces-
sary detail; the peculiar relation I stand in towards
the sufferers, would not permit me to say less.
Had I not prohibited myself, it were easy, sir, to
give you volumes of detailed individual loss, dis-
tress, dismay, more affecting to the mind, more
appalling to the heart, than the great view of the
desolation. I think the bill ought to pass; 1 trust
it will pass._____________________
SUFFERERS BY NEW YORK FIRE.
REMARKS OF HON. JOHN McKEON,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
January 14, 1836,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the bill from the Senate " for the
relief of the sufferers by the fire in the city of
New York."
Mr. McKEON said, that in presenting himself
to the committee with a view -of offering some
remarks in relation to the subject then under con -
; sideration, he trusted the committee would find
in the catastrophe which excited the consterna-
tion of the whole country, and called forth the
bill on the table, sufficient apology for his rising.
He should be wanting in the duty he owed to the
city which he had the honor in part to represent,
and in gratitude, to a constituency which had for
years honored him with their confidence, if, on
an occasion Hke the present, he did not endeavor
to make known to the committee the claims of
his fellow-citizens. He confessed that he was
surprised to witness the observations made in
opposition to the measure then under considera-
tion. The relief asked for in the bill was so par-
tial that he had hoped no objection would have
been raised; but since it had been, it was his pur-
pose, if the committee would favor him with
their attention, to point out the propriety of the
passage of the bill.
An awful calamity had fallen upon the city of
New York.   It was not his intention, even if he
had the power, to attempt to arouse their sym-
pathies, by depicting the scenes of destruction
which now might be visible in the commercial
emporium of the Union.    It was not his inten-
tion  to  describe  the effects of a conflagration
which had never been equaled in its devastating
and sweeping fury on this continent.  Our public
journals  had  been  filled  with  appalling state-
ments of the misfortunes of our merchants; with
descriptions setting forth that the section of the
city most devoted to mercantile operations, with
its hundreds of stores and warehouses, and its
millions of property, was now a pile of smoking
ruins.    The  misfortune of  New  York  was a
national misfortune.   This blow struck at the
commercial mart of the country—this wound,
given to the very heart of the western world,
was sufficient to paralyze, for a time, the indus-
try of the nation.    It must alarm the capitalist—
it must dishearten  the manufacturer—it must
harass the agriculturist—in a word, it must pene-
trate into the most distant spot, diffusing dismay
throughout every portion of this vast confeder-
acy, wherever human industry was active.    To
: follow the ramifications of such an event was im-
possible.   Those ramifications were, as had been
¡ well expressedin another branch of this Legisla-
1 ture, so "complicated and implicated," that pur-
i suit was impracticable; but so intimately were
; all the great interests of the country united, that
the vibration must be felt in every point with
greater or less influence.   If the smallest pebble
thrown into the stream of commerce was suffi-
cient to disturb the smoothness of its eurrent,
what must be the effects of a convulsion like
this, which had, as'it were, upturned the entire
I bed of the mighty river itself!    It was a national
\ calamity, and in that point he wished it to be
1 viewed.
So far as relief could be granted to the city, he
was confident that when it was taken into con-
sideration  that  thousands  actively engaged  in
business, consisting of merchants and all con-
nected with them in their transactions, had, in
the very midst of an inclement season of the
year, been thrown out of employment, their busi-
I ness disturbed, that confusion reigned where but
a few hours before all was order, and that in the
] hour of affliction, while with unsubdued spirit 
' these very citizens were rallying their scattered
\ force—while they were calling upon the  Her-
cules of the General Government for assistance,
yet they were exerting every means to rise abov i
the troubles with which they were oppressed, h
felt confident, he said, they would not refuse the
sanction of that committee to the bill.   We do
not, (continued Mr. McK.,) in this bill, ask for a
remission of duties—a question hereafter to be
presented, and he hoped to see adopted.    There
is nothing in this bill with regard to the surplus
moneys of the Government.    He wished gentle-
j men to understand these points.   He wished to
j remove impressions which he was aware existed
in the minds of many in relation to the pro-
. visions of the bill.
The first section provided for an extension of
the time of the bonds of all persons who had
suffered loss by the fire of the 16th of December
last, for periods not exceeding three, four, and
five years, in equal installments from the day of
payment specified in bonds. It also provided for
the canceling of the bonds upon others being
given with proper sureties, payable in the like
space of three, four, and five years. To the first
section were annexed two provisions. The first,
that those who were within the provisions of the
act, and who may have paid their bonds subse-
quent to the fire, should be entitled to the benefit
of the first section; that their bonds should be
renewed, and the payments made on them re-
funded. The second provision denied the benefit
of the section to any person whose loss did not
exceed $1,000. This section was not only founded
upon every principle of justice, was dictated by
every maxim of sound policy, but was in accord-
ance with the settled practice of the country.
Nothing novel was presented in that part "which
provided for the extension of the bonds. They
would find in their statute-book law after law,
from the year 1803 to 1820, sanctioning the prin-
ciple of this section. They would discover the
case  alfendy referred to of the «ufferers by th«
