1336.]
APPENDIX TO THE )GONGRESSIQNAl> GLOBE.
21
24th Cong.... 1st Siss.
JSttffitrm by JVew York Fire—Jür. McKeon.
Ho. OF Reps.
£
fire which occurred at Portsmouth, at Norfolk, |
and at Savannah, and in   hioh the extent of the
calamity giving rise to the legislation was not to
be compared with that of the city of New York
The section was fortified by precedents, to which
he solicited thtir serious consideration.
The gentlemen from Kentucky and Pennsyl-
vania, [Messrs   HiiDix  and  Chambers,] ob-
ected to refunding the money already advanced
y the debtors of the Go\eminent We had no
right to pay back the amount. There can be no
doubt, sir, as to our right The whole question
is ib our hands. We are here to adjust the dif-
ferences between the Government and its debt-
ors. We are here to do justice tow ards all those
debtors, so far as those who have paid their bonds
tire concerned, would it not be refusing to them
the kindness which we intend to give to all debtors
of the Government, if we do not provide for a
future period of payment' It would be cruelty
to take advantage of their situation, and hold the
money they were compelled to pa>, in order to
fulfill the law , and that they might enter their
goods If we intend to extend the time, let us
extend it for the benefit of all those who have
suffered. Standing in the relation of a debtor
overtaken bv a sudden misfortune, the merchant
has a strong claim upon the Government, w ith an
overflowing Treasury, for forbearance—for time
to meet the payments of his bonds Is it prudent
to harass your debtor' Is it not wise to sustain
him in hi  efforts to obtain the means of satisfy-
ing your demands.
To the second section of the bill which pro-
vided for an extension of all other bonds given
prior to the late fire for a period of six, nine, and
twelve months, he had anticipated objection. To
man? it might appear strange that the bill should
extend in its prowsions beyond the actual suf-
ferers by the fire. Many would object (as had
the member from Kentucky) to an extension of
time without the exaction of interest; and many
might imagine a preference would be given to the
■port of New York over other sections of the
country.
He (Mr. McK.) was prepared to show that
analogous cases could be found for the legislation
which was now asked for. Congress had from
tune to time extended to the debtors of the Gov-
ernment, owing large sums on the purchase of
]>ublic lands, the period of payments, and had at
 ngth not only released the interest, but also
deducted a large percentage of the principal.
Against such measures no objection ought to
have been raised—it was part of a just, liberal,
*nd aoand policy, calculated to foster the enter- I
fime and give an impulse to the industry of a I
irge section of country.    He therefore desired
that the same principle which had been adopted
tn  regard to the branch of the public revenue
kerned from lands should be extended to that
received from the customs     If there had been
extension and forbearance in one case, he hoped i
the same policy would be pursued in this instance. i
No deduction was solicited—merely further time
for payment.   The fire (Mr McK. said) had not
only affected those whose goods were destroyed,
but every man in business of any nature in the
city of New York, and particularly merchants.
Their operations must be crippled by the de-
struction of a large amount of capital—millions
upon millions—the result of the labors of years
The accumulations of enterprise had been en-
tirely annihilated,   totally  abstracted,  and   the
commercial community must suffer thereby to a
considerable extent
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cham-
bers] remarked there was no evidence of the
true state of losses. The committee had no
estimate before them. He (Mr. McK.) was in
possession of a statement from which some cal-
culation might be made of the immense amount
of property destroyed. It was the result of the
labors of a committee which reported to a meet-
ing held in the city of New "York, the Mayor
presiding, and from which it appeared that—
The whole number of buildings destroyed is
ascertained to be 527, exclusive of the Exchange
and the South Dutch Church, and may be fairly
valued at $4,000,000, which is a fraction over
|7,000 each, and is generally considered a correct
estimate.   As far as the committee could ascer-
tain, less than one half only of the mercantile
houses have reported their loss in goods by the
latefire.  By duplicating this amount ($6,557,846)
we have..........................$13,111,692
As the probable total sum destroyed
in merchandise of all descriptions.
Add to this the estimated value in
buildings.......................   4,000,000
And the whole loss may be calculated
at..................t...........$17,115,692
This amount was far below the actual loss; up-
wards of twenty millions of capital had been sunk;
and to relieve the community from the effects of
the withdrawal of this amount, measures must
be adopted, and without delay, if the country did
not desire to see a prostration of a large portion
of our mercantile population The gentleman
from Pennsylvania referred to the fact of the most
of our merchants being insured, and the proba-
bility of their being indemnified by thesemsurance
companies. He (Mr. McK.) had been furnished
with a statement by a member of the committee
of the merchants from the city, in whose intelli-
gence he had every confidence, setting forth that
there were eighteen insolvent companies, repre-
senting a capital of $6,850,000, and six solvent
institutions amounting to $1,900,000 These mil-
lions, which performed many functions in the
financial operations of the city, were now lost to
the merchants Under the present bankruptcy
of the insurance offices, the merchants must be
suffering. The payment of even the small amount
which may be paid by the solvent companies,
could not be calculated upon under many months,
and during that period the insured must be em-
barrassed to a great extent. So far as indemnity
was concerned, there was no prospect. The re-
mark had been made in the course of the discus-
sion, that New York was able to sustain herself,
that we heard of no failures; therefore we were
not called upon to act. He did not understand
that because extraordinary, he might say super-
human, efforts had been made to sustain the credit
of the city, why we ought to refuse assistance.
These efforts, while they redound to the honor
of the merchant, ought to arouse us to assist men
capable of making such powerful struggles against
misfortunes
Why do they here present their memorials'
Because they cherish their commercial character,
because they value then credit as their very life-
blood , because they wish to protect it from the
slighest breath of suspicion. They well know
its mighty efficacy in giving wings to the enter-
prise of our citizens They are well aware how
it has carried onward our commerce, and that
with the loss of that credit must sink the high
character which the American merchant now sus-
tains throughout the commercial world. For
these reasons they appear here; and let it not be
said that you permitted the honor of your mer-
chants to be jeoparded in the hour of an unex-
ampled calamity, that you refused to extend to
them the generosity of the nation. Why was
the credit system originally adopted' To aid
with your capital the rising commerce of the Uni-
ted States. Your merchants had industry and
enterprise, but they wanted capital. It was
granted to them, and the magnificent results show
the sound policy of your movements. The rea-
son which operated then applies with great force
to the present case Your merchants are now
operating with a capital diminished twenty mil-
lions and upwards, and to that extent have a
strong claim upon your sympathies.
And now let me turn to my honorable friend
from Kentucky, and with his permission to lay
before him the history of the transactions of New
York in reference to the General Government.
I wish to point out to him the conduct of that
city in the collection of the public revenue. I
speak not of the faithful discharge of duties as
the agent  for the collection of our imposts. I
refer not to the immense revenue of that port in
the spirit of exultation, or with the view of hold-
ing up to this House the gigantic means derived
from the industry of our citizens I regret that
my honorable friend has attempted to arouse
the feeling of this House, by representing our
strength—-our solicitations for the use of the public
treasure.    I will not conceal the pride I feel in the
city of New York, and how that feeling has been
increased by the recent display of energy on be-
half of her inhabitants. But, sir, the Lnion has
a right to be proud of her also. She belongs to
you all, and any injury inflicted upon her must
react upon the whole country She is the store-
house of the industry of the nation, mid to the
lepresentatives of the nation belongs the protec-
tion of her interests The gentleman from Ken-
tucky ought not to blame us if, with natural ad-
vantages unequaled upon the face of the globe,
with a location commanding an immense foreign
commerce, and hundreds of miles of inland com-
munication, our merchants have exerted them-
selves to advance the prosperity of not only that
city, but also of the entire country By an ex-
amination of the Treasury accounts, the honor-
able member would find that upwards of two
hundred and sixty millions had been paid by the
port of New York into the Treasury of the
Union. A vast portion of revenue had been col-
lected by some of the very men now applying
for relief. New York paid annually two thirds
of your revenue—she has been a faithful and in-
defatigable agent in the collection of your im-
posts—and to deny her the request now made,
would be an unkind requital for her conduct to-
wards the Government.
The bill ought not to be delayed. Every day it
was postponed added to the difficulties the mer-
chants were no w suffering under; goods were daily
arriving which must be entered, and he entreated
the committee no longer to delay the adoption of
the measure now before it, and to destroy at once
the fears which otherwise might be entertained of
an unparalleled commercial distress. Prudence
dictated an immediate decision on the question.
My colleague [Mr Cambreleng] has given you
to understand that a pressure must come, and y on
ought to put these merchants over it. The s'orm
was gathering, and you ought to protect them
from its fury. It would be well for the members
to consider that the connection between New Yoi k
and the whole country is so great that distress
cannot fall upon her alone. Credit has been given,
on the faith of these bonds, to every part of the
Union, and must be redeemed. If you insist on
payment from the merchants, they must call upon
the different sections of the country. On the
representatives of the whole nation-rests an awful
responsibility They ought not to add to the nat-
ural difficulties with which the commercial com-
munity might be compelled to contend. True it
was, we had their bonds, but did it become us to
insist on the penalty at this moment' When the
great master of the human heart was desirous of
presenting to us the character of an opulent and
unmerciful creditor, he gave us a Shylock. How
had we all burned with indignation at the recital
of the unfortunate victim who had given the bon«H
But, sir, he had, like our debtors, calculated on
his future success to meet his engagements; he
rested on the return of his rich argosies, where-
with he might discharge his debts. But misfortune
came upon him, arid when his unmerciful creditor
insisted on the penalty, when the cruelty to be
inflicted was defended on the very same principle
which we have put forward on this floor, that its
non-fulfillment might establish a dangerous prece-
dent, whose heart has not revolted from even the
sketch of imagination' Would it be believed that
we should present to the civilized world the reality,
that with our coffers overflowing with funds ac-
cumulated by our own agents, we should lA"18*"*
payment, because it is so nominated in the bona'
You may insert the knife, you may have your
pound of flesh « nearest the heart," but you may
be satisfied that the most delicate nerve in this im-
mense bod y politic will grieve under the operation.
You will affect the whole country, whieh must
inevitably suffer from such a policy.
To the city of New York you have been in-
debted for a large portion of the surplus revenue
which you now have in your Treasury. I  it
not sound policy to give those facilities which
will permit the stream of wealth to pour on in its
natural course (now, I trust, but temporarily
checked) into the great reservoir of the nation'
Is it not sound policy in you to inspire the recu-
perative enerves, and to infuse into the great
Udy of merchants that confidence which is the
foundation of credit and the companion of pros-
