26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 18,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Relations with France—President's Message.
Senate h Ho. or Reps.
too an engagement was offered and accepted for
the'performance of"anact which depended on his |
Majesty's Government alone.    This engagement '
was couched in the unequivocal terms I have lit- j
erally quoted.                                                  .     I
This,sir, is not all: that there might be no mis-
understanding on the subject, this promise, with
the sense in whicli it was understood, the im-
portant object for which it was given, and the
serious consequences that might attend a failure to
comply with it, were urged in conversation, and
repeated in my official letters, particularly those
of the 26th and 29th of July, and the 3d and 9th
of August last, in which its performance was
strongly pressed.
The answers to these letters left no hope that
the question would be submitted to the Chambers
in tiire to have the result known before the ad-
journment of Congress, and by the refusal to
hasten the convocation of the Chambers before
the last of December, showed, unequivocally,
that so far from taking all measures permitted by
the constitution, to hasten the period of present-
ing the law, it was to be left to the most remote
period of the ordinary course of legislation.
This decision of his Majesty's Government,
contained in your Excellency's note to me of the
7th August, was duly transmitted to the Pres-
ident; and it naturally produced upon his mind
the impressions which I anticipated in my letters
to your Excellency that it would produce.
He saw, with the deepest regret, that a posi-
tive assurance for convening the Chambers as
soon as the constitution would permit, was con-
strued to mean only a disposition to do so, and
that this disposition had yielded to objections
•which he could not think of sufficient force to
justify a delay, even if there had intervened no
promise; especially as the serious consequences
of that delay had been earnestly and repeatedly
brought to the consideration of his Majesty a
Government. In fact, sir, what were those ob-
jections ? I do not speak of those which were
made to presenting the law in the session of July
last: for, although no constitutional impediment
offered itself, yet it was not strongly insisted on,
because an early session in the autumn would
have the same effect, and the President, for the
•ame reason, says that it might have been over-
looked if an early call of the Chambers had been
made. They are the objections to this call, then,
which immediately demand ourattention. What,
in fact, were they? None derived from the con-
stitutional charter have been, or could have been,
asserted. What, then, were they? Your Excel-
lency's letter of the 3d of August, to me, con-
tains none but this: " his Majesty's Government
* finds it impossible to make any positive engage-
'ment on that point." In that of the 7th of
August, there are two reasons assigned; First,
the general inconvenience to the members. This
the President could surely not think of alleging
to Congress as a sufficient reason for omitting to
lay the matter before them. The next, I confess,
has a little more weight, and might have excused
a delay, if the assurance given by Mr. Serurier
had been, as your Excellency construes it, merely
of a disposition to hasten the presentation of the
law. If the engagement had amounted to no
more than this, and his Majesty's Ministers
thought that an early call would endanger the pas-
sage of the law, it mightpossibly justify them in
not making it. But the President, who relied on
the promise he had received; who, in consequence
of it, had deferred the performance of an im-
portant duty— the President, who had given
timely and official notice that this duty must be
performed at the opening of the next Congress
—the President, who could see no greater pros-
pect of the passage of the law in a winter than
in an autumnal session, how was he to justify
himself, and redeem the pledge he had made to
his country? He did it in the way he always
does—by a strict performance.
From this detail, your Excellency will, I hope,
see that the President's causes of complaint can-
not, as you suppose, be confined within the nar-
row limit you have assigned to them.
The failure to present the law in the session
of July, was not the only, nor even the principal
point, in which he thought the engagement of
fAr. Serurier uncomplied with; for although he
saw no reason for the omission that could be
called a constitutional one, yet he expressly says
that might have been overlooked. He always
(it cannot be too often repeated) looked to the
promise of Mr. Serurier, as it was given at
Washington, not as it was interpreted at Paris;
and he had a right to believe that, as on previous
occasions, the Legislature had in the years 1819,
1822, 1825, and 1830, held their sessions for the
transaction of the ordinary business in the
months of July and August; he had a right, I
say, to believe that there was no insurmountable
objection to the consideration of this extraordi-
nary case, enforced by a positive promise. Yet,
as I have remarked, he did not make this his
principal cause of complaint: it was the omission
to call the Chambers at an earlier period than the
very end of the year.
On this head your Excellency is pleased to ob-
serve that the same reasons drawn from the usual
course of administration, which rendered the pre-
sentation of the law in the session of July im-
possible, applied with nearly the same force to a
call before the end of the year; and you appeal
to the President's knowledge of the "fixed prin-
ciples of a constitutional system," to prove that
the administration, under such a Government, is
subject to regular and permanent forms, " from
which no special interest, however important,
should induce it to deviate." For this branch of
the argument, it unfortunately happens that no
regular form of administration, no fixed princi-
ple, no usage whatever, would have opposed a
call of the Chambers at an early day; and the
rule which your Excellency states would not be
broken "in favor of any interest, however im-
portant," has actually, been made to yield to one
of domestic occurrence. The Chambers have just
been conceited before the periodwhich was declared to
be the soonest at which they could possibly meet.
Your Excellency will also excuse me for remark-
ing, that since the first institution of the Cham-
bers in 1814, there have been convocations for
every month of the year, without exception,
¡ which I will take the liberty of bringing to your
recollection, by enumerating the different dates.
The Chambers were summoned for the month
of January in the years 1823, 1826, 1829; for
February, in the years 1827 and 1829; for March,
in 1815, 1824, and 1830; for April, in 1833; for
May, in 1814; for June, in 1815,1822, and 1825;
for July, in 1834; for August, in 1830 and 1831;
for September, in 1815; for October, in 1816; for
November, in 1817, 1818, 1819, 1821, and 1832;
and for December, in 1820, 1824,1826, and 1833.
It is then clear, to demonstration, that neither
constitutional impediment, nor stern, inflexible
usage, prevented such a call of the Chambers as
would have complied with the letter of Mr.
Serurier's engagement. Since I have alluded to
the actual meeting of the Chambers on the first
of December, it is but candid to allow, that even
this period would not have enabled the President
to have attained one of his objects, the present-
ing of the result of their deliberations to Con-
gress in his opening message; but even that slight
concession, if it had been made to my unceasing
applications, might have given an opportunity of
conveying their decisions to Congress before the
4th of March, when they must adjourn; because,
had that day been then determined on, every
thing would have been ready to lay before the
Chambers on the opening of the session, but a
meeting a month or six weeks earlier would have
given ample time for deliberation and decision in
season to have it known at Washington on the
first of December.
The necessity of giving time to the new mem-
bers to inform themselves of the nature of the
questions, and the old ones to recover from the
impression which erroneous statements had made
upon their minds, I understand tobe the remain-
ing motive of his Majesty's Ministers for delay-
ing the meeting. But this was a precaution which,
relying on the plain obligation of the treaty, the
President could not appreciate; and he must,
moreover, have thought that if a long discussion
was necessary to understand the merits of the
question, it was an additional reason for hasten-
ing the meeting where those merits were to be
discussed. The delay that occurred between the
meeting of the Chambers and the first of January,
need not have entered into the discussion, because.
not long known at Washington, it could not have
had any influence on the message. It is referred
to, I presume, in order to show that it was pro-
duced by a desire on the part of his Majesty's
Ministers, the better to assure the passage of the
law. Of this, sir, I never had a doubt, and im-
mediately so advised my Government, and in-
formed it, as was the fact, that I perfectly acqui-
esced in the delay, first, because of the circum-
stance to which you allude; secondly, because
the statements, originally intended to be ready
by the first of January, were not yet prepared.
There is a slight error in this part of your Ex-
cellenoy's letter; the delay was not made at my
request, but was fully approved of, for the rea-
sons which I have stated.
I have entered into this detail, sir, not for the
purpose of recrimination, which, in most cases
useless, would in this be worse, but with the
object, as was my duty, of showing that, although
the ministers of the King, under the interpreta-
tion they seem to have given to Mr. Serurier's
promise, may have considered themselves at lib-
erty to defer the presentation of the law until the
period which they thought would best secure its
success, yet the President, interpreting that prom-
ise differently, feeling that in consequence of it
he had forborne to do what might be strictly
called a duty, and seeing that its performance had
not taken place, could not avoid stating the whole
case clearly and distinctly to Congress, and detail-
ing to them all the remedies which the law of na-
tions would allow to be applied to the case, leaving
to them the choice, leaving to their wisdom and
prudence the option of the alternative of further
delay or conditional action. Could he have said
less in this branch of his message ? If he had
alluded to the subject at all, he was obliged to
detail the circumstances of the case: it is not pre-
tended that this is not done with fidelity as to
facts. The ratification of the treaty, its effect in
pledging the faith of the nation, the fidelity with
which the United States have executed it, the
delay that intervened before it was brought be-
fore the Chambers, their rejection of the law, the
assurances made by Mr. Serurier, the forbear-
ance of the President to make a communication
to Congress in consequence of those assurances,
and the adjournment of the question by his Ma-
jesty's Government to the end of the year—none
of these have ever been denied, and all this the
President was obliged to bring before Congress,
if, as I have said, he spoke on the subject. But
he was obliged by a solemn duty to speak it, and
he had given timely and repeated notice of this
obligation. The propositions which he submitted
to Congress, in consequence of those facts, were
a part of his duty: they were, as I have stated,
exclusively addressed to that body, and in offer-
ing them, he felt and expressed a proper regret,
and doing justice to the character and high feeling
of the French nation, he explicitly disavowed any
intention of influencing it by a menace.
I have no mission, sir, to offer any modifica-
tion of the President's communication to Con-
gress, and I beg that what I have said may be
considered with the reserve, that I do not ac-
knowledge any right to demand, or any obliga-
tion to give, explanations of a document of that
nature. But the relations which previously ex-
isted between the two countries, a desire that no
unnecessary misunderstanding should interrupt
them, and the tenor of your Excellency's letter,
(evidently written under excited feelings,) all
convinced me that it was not incompatible with
self-respect and the dignity of my country, to
enter into the detail I have done. The same rea-
sons induced me to add, that the idea, erroneously
entertained, that an injurious menace is contained
in the message, has prevented your Excellency
from giving a proper attention to its language.
A cooler examination will show that, although
the President was obliged, as I have demon-
strated, to state to Congress the engagements
which had been made, and that, in his opinion,
they had not been complied with, yet, in a com-
munication not addressed to his Majesty's Gov-
ernment, not a disrespectful term is employed,
nor a phrase, that his own sense of propriety, as
well as the regard which one nation owes to an-
other, would induce liim to disavow.    On th*
