1836]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
24th Cong....1st Sess.
National Defense~-Mr. Ovihbert.
SfcHATE.
approaching its close; and he would have ad-
vised them  to avoid all angry discussions and
irritating topics as calculated to cause the defeat ¡
of the bill.    Was this true, or was it not?    It
was.    This would have been the kind of admo- '
nition to the Senate, calculated to save the bill,
and  to promote objects so vitally important to
the interests of the country.    If there were vices
in the form and manner of the bill which had
been created in tke representative branch of the
National Legislature, which affected the gentle-
man's mind, what might have been expected of
him, if he was so desirous of facilitating the prog-
ress of the national business?   That he would
calmly and distinctly have pointed them out; have i
suggested the remedy, and aided by his influence ,
and example in applying it, so that the bill mi ht
pass both Houses in time to become a law.   Was.
this the course of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts?    He thought not.    He believed that
there was not a member of the Senate who was
not forcibly struck by the manner of the gentle-
man on that occasion; a manner so different from
the grave and authoritative tone which usually
distinguished him in that House.    Abandoning
the grave and authoritative manner in which he
had been accustomed to address the Senate, he
assumed a violence and ardor of expression new
to him and to the Senate.    Suddenly he gave way
to an excited feeling, and seemed to be seized with
suspicions of the deepest and darkest character.
Nay, more.    He seemed to speak as if he had
taken his political opponents at an advantage, and
was determined to use that advantage to the ut-
most.    He relapsed into the habits in which his
party had often indulged of representing1 this peo-
ple as suffering under the dominion of a terrible
tyranny, which aimed at the destruction of their
liberties.    Then what must have been the neces-
sary consequence of the language accompanying
such a motion, as the gentleman had made ? Why,
to provoke debate; to make that debate an angry
one; to render the contestdoubtful,and endanger
the passage of the bill.    Such was, and such ever
must be, the consequence of a course of conduct
like that pursued by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.    But it did not end here.    The amend-
ment made in the representative branch of our
Legislature was rejected on the motion made by
the gentleman—a motion made with a tone of in-
dignant scorn, which could hardly have a happy
influence on the feelings of the members of the
House, including some of the gentleman's own
political friends. The bill so returned to the other
House, what followed?   That body insisted on
their amendment, and returned it to the Senate.
Then was the time for the gentleman to have
signalized his anxiety for the appropriation, by
suggesting a mode of dispelling the difficulties
which stood in the way, and of bringing the two
Houses to an easy accommodation.   The gentle-
man could have pointed out some conciliatory
course of procedure, for saving a bill acknowl-
edged by all to be so important and so necessary.
What was his course.'   Did he recommend any
mode, either formal or informal, to attain that de-
sirable end?    Did he ask the other House to go
into a conference with a view to accommodate the
difference between it and the Senate ?   No, he
made that motion so harsh, so abrupt, and so
uncompromising, that the Senate should adhere
to its disagreement-, and when he made that mo-
tion to adhere, he preserved the same tone of
indignant scorn that had characterized his first
motion to disagree to the amendment.    Was he
right there?   Then what was there in this appro-
priation of the House of Representatives which
so deeply stirred up the ire of the gentleman ?
Those who heard him on that occasion,and who
were not so well read in the Constitution as he
was, must believe that some express clause of that
instrument had been deeply violated by the House.
Was this the case?   He had looked into the
Constitution  for the purpose  of finding some
clause with which this appropriation might con-
flict, and which had been so deeply wounded;
but he had looked in vain.    He then supposed
that the circumstance which has so deeply excited
the gentleman's ire, was, that the appropriation
covered two distinct items of expenditure; one
for the N«vy, afid the other for the fortifications.
Was it thi*, then, which had so greatly agitated
the gentleman's love of liberty.    Was it this
which had created such an alarm in his breast as
to induce him to believe that the Constitution I
was, endangered, and tomove him from his bal- I
anee and dignity?   Ah,but the Constitution must ,
be saved, and the gentleman divides the appro-
priation, three hundred thousand for one, and
five for the other, and the difficulty is surmounted.
Here we have the archmagician, who holds up
the magic lamp, by whose light all darkness is
dispelled, and we see the dangers that encompass
us.    Luckily, the magician has the talisman be-
fore whose touch all these dangers vanish.
The sagacity of the Senator had left him in no
doubt as to where the battle on this question was
to be fought. He alluded to his own warm ex-
pressions and his violent opposition to the appro-
priation, and declared that, although the foot of
the foreign soldier was on our soil, though the
cannon of the enemy was pointed at the Capitol,
he would not make the appropriation while the
danger to the Constitution, that he apprehended,
was in existence. What! Because he cannot
make a verbal amendment, he is willing, through
the shrieks of dismay of affrighted virgins—
through the burnings of onr dwellings—through
blood and devastation—that the enemy shall make
his way to this Capitol! It appeared that, be-
cause the appropriation was not specific, because
a long-established practice of the Government
(and a very proper one it was) had not been fol-
lowed on that occasion, the gentleman could sug-
gest no mild and conciliatory way to restore the
ancient practice and save the bill from a failure.
Now, if, anything coming from him could have
any weight, he would venture to give some whole-
some admonition to those who were such ardent
lovers of liberty as to reject an important appro-
priation because it was not to their view suffi-
ciently specific. Did the gentleman believe that
he would preserve liberty against the hard grasp
of the Executive by refusing to that Executive
the means of defending his country? He would
tell the gentleman to refer to that history with
which he was so well acquainted, and he would
find that whenever a Government was so embar-
rassed by opposing checks that it wanted the
i power of defending its country from foreign ag-
gression, that the people would rally to its aid,
and vest the Chief Magistrate with unbounded
power. Was this proposition admitted by the
gentleman ? He presumed it was. Thus, then,
the gentleman in seeking to defend liberty, sacri-
fices liberty; thus, then, in indulging those fas-
tidious scruples, he gives a blow to that liberty
where it was the most dangerously to be assailed.
This was so perfect a truism that he would not
dwell on it for a moment.
The institution of governments had generally
been traced to the desire of preserving such do-
l mestic order in the conduct of individual citizens
' to each other as would best preserve the rights
of the whole; but truly speaking, governments
had more frequently arisen from the necessity of
| protecting the State against foreign aggression;
| for where would be the wisdom in providing for
the individual liberty of the citizen until he was
guarded againt subjugation by a foreign enemy ?
The foreign enemy invading the country, his
march traced by violation, murder, plunder, and
conflagration, of what value was individual lib-
erty, when it had not been protected against
calamities like these ? Thus the scruples of gen-
tlemen might draw down upon their country a
desolating and wide-spread calamity, in seeking
to guard against dangers existing only in their
own imaginations. Was he right, or was he
wrong? So firmly right, that he seemed to be
trifling with the Senate in urging troths so obvi-
ous.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Pre«-
tow] whom he did not see in his seat, but who
was probably in the Chamber, pronounced the
other day in relation to this resolution, one of
those speeches which always created a powerful
effeet. But never was there a more forcible ex-
ample of how an imposing manner and fluency
of language might cover the greatest absurdities;
how the graces of elocution and the ornaments
of style might accompany the weakest argu-
ments, than in this instance. Had the gentleman,
too, discovered a  clause in- tbf Constitution,
which forbids the two Houses of Congress from
making an appropriation without the recommend-
ation of the President? Did he suppose that,
there in that Hall, where existed the censorship
of the Government, (if he might use an expres-
sion of the gentleman's,) the safety of the coun-
try could not be provided for without Executive
recommendation? Here (said Mr. C.) is that
censorship which is to stand between what is
adverse, and all that is valuable in our institu-
tions, and guard them from danger; here was the
part of the Government that, with reflection and
contemplation, provided the best means of secur-
ing all that was good, and guarding against all
that was evil; and yet the Senator from South
Carolina has discovered that those who consti-
tuted this censorship were not to be trusted. All
at once, we are (said Mr. C.) to be sunk into a
state of apathy and stupor; to have eyes and not
to see, to have ears and not to hear, and to have
hearts and not to understand. Oh ! happy con-
dition of passive obedience to which they have
arrived; and wonderful by whose means they
had been brought to it! The gentleman remind-
ed him (if he might indulge in a pleasantry in a
grave debate) of a termagant wife, who, finding
out a new way of provoking her husband, replied
to him on all occasions, saying, " whatever is
your will is my pleasure."
Then there was no clause in the Constitution,
as he had read it, declaring that the two Houses
of Congress should have no opinions as to the
foreign relations of the country; none declaring
that when the enemy's fleet was on our coasts,
and his army on our soil, or, in the language of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, when tha
Gaul was at the Capitol; there was no language
in the Constitution prohibiting Congress from
providing the means of defense. Yet the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, if he understood him
right, was for waiting for executive recommend-
ation; that is, when his house was in flames,
and his wife and children shrieking with dismay,
he would not go to their rescue till his neighbol
advised him to do so. The gentleman must go
to the President and get his sanction, before ha
can provide against approaching danger.
There was but one point more that he wished
to refer to. Being already exhausted with tha
slight effort he had made, affected peculiarly by
disease, and lately disused to public speaking, ha
might not have made the most appropriate ar*
rangement of the subjects he had touched on, and
this might not therefore be brought out in its
proper place. The Senator from South Carolina
seemed to have a strong confidence, proceeding
with him to certainty, that there was no possible
danger of a war with France, unless it arose from
our own conduct. What sort of evidence war-
ranted the gentleman in making these predictions
with such presumption ? Has the course of the
French (said Mr. C.) proceeded on such sure cal-
culations, that you cannot doubt from what has
passed what will follow? Did any man suppose
that the treaty of 1831 would not be carried into
execution ? There happened what had not been
anticipated by any one. Was there any member
of that body—was there any individual in the
nation who could have anticipated the strange
condition that was attached to the fulfillment of
the treaty by a member of the opposition in the
French Chambers, and the sudden acceptance of
that condition by the French Ministers? What,
then, warranted the prediction of the gentleman
from South Carolina, that there would be no
war with France unless caused by our Gov-
ernment ? He denied that there was any certainty
in calculating, on the future eourse of France
towards this country—he denied that the move-
ments there depended oil any course of conduct
that might haye been pursued at a former period.
There was a mass of feeling, a chaos of dis-
cordant elements in the French Chambers, which
must produce results that no human foresight
could calculate on. There was the Republican
party, ardently desiring for their country the
enjoyment of those equal rights and free insti-
tutions which they saw producing such bless-
ings on this side of the Atlantic; there were the
Imperialists, burning under ásense of defeat, and
looting back to the glories and triumphs of the
«ign of the great Emperor? the  were the Oari-
