1836.)
APPENDIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL 6L0BS;
33
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
motion.  On this information being communicated I
to the House, a motion was again made that the ¡¡
House do recede; it was attended with the same
result.    Anxious to safe the  bill, if possible, a
motion was made that the House do .asist on
tiiur amendment.    A conference was asked; it
was voted; and conferees were appointed.    The
>• nator from Virginia has stated that, when the
conferees on the part of the ixioate left the Hall
of the Senate, it larked fifteen inmutes or twenty
minutes of eleven o'clock; and when  the con-
ferees returned, it was about the same number of
minutes after the hour of eleven.    If, sir, the
Senator from Virginia be correct in point of time,
there must have been a great difference between
the tune of the House and the time of the Sen-
ate.    It is utterly impossible forme to account
for this difference.    If the gentleman had, in the
course of the evening, regulated his own watch.
by the uncertain dial over his head, there would
be no difficulty m accounting for the great differ-
ence between the time as indicated by the watch
of the Senator from Virginia, and the time as in-
dicated by the watches of other gentlemen.    The
Senator from Massachusetts, who was the chair-
man of the conmimee of conference on the part ;
of the Senate, remarked that he had no particu- .
lar recollection of the exact time.    Having taken !
no note of it, sir, am I entirely mistaken as to
t;io occurrences which took place in the commit- i
tie after the committees of conference had as- :
sembied?  I must be,or«Í9e the Senator is entirely '
mistaken.    AVhile the committee were together
and trying to agree upon a report, the Senator
from Massachusetts drew from his pocket his
own watch, if I do not altogether misrecollect,
and reminded us that it lacked but a few minutes
of twelve, and that we had but a few minutes to
spare.   He did this, as I then supposed, and as
I now believe, to induce a speedy action of the
committee upon the subject which had been re-
ferred to them.   The committees did agree upon
a  nport.    Mr.  Cambr&leng dissented.    Mr.
Lewis and myself, constituting a. majority of the
committee on the partof the House, did agree to
the report.   I have no doubt but that the Senator !
from Virginia is correct in the statement that the ;
committee of conference must have been absent
at least one half hour; this fact is inferable from
lii aceount of the time.   But, sir, it cannot be
correct, iii my opinion, that the committee could
have reappeared in the Senate until past the hour
of twelve o'clock.  I am not without some record
to confirm me in this statement, a record made
by one of the reporters'of the House, and pub-
lished in one of the journals of this city, after
tlie adjournment.    I subjoin the following extract
from the National Intelligencer.
The amendment made to the fortification bill
was then under discussion. The House had been
informed of the vote of the Senate to adhere, and
after some debate, according to the Intelligencer,
nnd in perfect accordance with my own recollec-
tion, the following is the order of the subsequent
proceedings:
'•Mr. Hubbard «aid, if tbe House adhered, Die bul would
be lo-t. He moved that the House appoint a committee of
eonferewe.
'■ .Mr- Lkwii aaid it was not tbe amount of the appro-
priation, Imt the principle, wtucU was objected to by the
Senate. A committee of conference might, therefore, ad-
iust the disagreement. The manner of the appropriation
¿ras too loose. It wasnot specific. It pat evorythhiK into
tbe bands of tbe Executive. lie asked what would be tbe
effect of the previous question ?
'• The Chair replied, only to preclude debate.
" The motion f>r the previous question was withdrawn.
The motion toa ka conference wasanreed to; and Messrs.
Cambrklknm and Lr.wiH were appointed the committee of
conference on the part of the Home.
" Mr- Hardim asked if the House was4 not virtually dis-
solved by the evpirauon of the term for which this Con-
gress wu elected.'
" Tbe Chair aaid it was not a question of order, and tbe
Chair could not decido it.
" The Cumberland road bill was talten op and read a
third time.
'• Mr. McKai moved that a message besent to the other
House, informing them that this House having completed
as bu.-,ine?<;, h rcadv to adjourn.
" The Chair "aid the motion w  not rn order, the queg-
"tron b-infr on the passage of the bill.
" The Clerk proceeded to take tlie yeas and nays on the
,pa.,*age. of the bill to continué and repair the Cumberland
roar!, and
'• Mr. Cir.MZR, whPn hi* name wai called, rose and raid1
be considered that he had no rietit to vote, the term for
 Ineli be was elected having eiptred at twelve o'clook this
lught; and he, therefore, deciiued voun£."
No. 3
It will appear that Mr. Cambreleng and
myself both voted against the passage of the
Cumberland Road bill, and both voted even before
the committee of conference was organized.
There can be no mistake in this matter.    The
order of proceeding published in the Intelligencer, j
as noted by the reporter, is, beyond all question,
correct; and it distinctly appears, from tlie Jour-
nals of the House, that the committee of confer-
ence was appointed  immediately before the vote
of the House upon the " Cumberland Road bill;"
and there can be no doubt, that while the yeas
and nays were taking on the motion to pass that
bill, Mr. Qilmkr, of Georgia, objected,.when his ■
name was called, to voting, for the avowed rea- j
son that the hour of twelve had arrived, and that
the functions of the House had terminated.    He
did not vote, and one, if not more, of his col- i
leagues, entertaining the same views, did not
vote on the passage of that bill.    It even appears, '
from the  publication   in   the  Intelligencer—an j
authority which neither tlie Senator from Vir-
ginia nor the Senator from Massachusetts will, I
presume, question—that'before the consideration
of that bi 11 was moved, Mr. Hardin, of Kentucky,
made a question whether the House could consti- i
tutionally proceed in die transaction of business, !
as the hour of twelve o'clock hatl arrived.    From
all this, I submit whether the Senator from Vir- [
ginia could be correct as to the precise time when
the committees entered upon the discharge of
their respective duties, and when they returned
to their respective Houses.
It is important, in my view, and will be regard-
ed as important by others, to fix, with as great a ,
degree of certainty as possible, the  time when
the report of the conferees was agreed on, and j
when it could have  been presented to the two
Houses; for, if it was past twelve o'clock, the
House could not, consistently with their duty, I
have received it.    After that hour, they no longer
existed as a legislative body.
This was an opinion conscientiously enter-
tained by many members of that House,    If the
time of the House was necessarily consumed, if
a delay was occasioned by any extraordinary
vote or proceeding on the part of the Senate in
relation to this bill, ought its ultimate loss to be
: imputed to the House of Representatives ? Ought
they to be made answerable for its failure ?   J
think not.   When Mr. Camrrelkn« appeared in
the House with his report, the yeas and nays
were then calling on a motion, I believe, of Mr.
Mason, of Virginia, to allow Robert P. Letcher
his pay, as a member of the House at the last
session.    He was in time to answer to the call of
his name; but, from the result of that vote, itap-
1 peared that no quorum was in attendance; and
from that time until the hist moment of the ses-
sion, no quorum of the House could be procured,
1 for the reason that it was believed that the House
! had no authority to act.    Hence the bill, with all
its amendments, was lost.   And having faithfully
j given a  narrative of the occurrences as   they
I took place, I leave to the nation—to the American
I ptople—to decide whether the loss can, with jus-
! tice or with propriety, be imputed to the chairman
| of the committee of conference on the part of the
I House, or to the members of that committee, or
1 to the House itself.    It will be recollected that
this last amendment to the fortification bill, and
which was attended with such fatal consequences
; to that bill, was proposed by the chairman of the
I Committee on Foreign Relations.    It was sup-
j ported on the ground that the peculiar state of
j our affairs with France rendered it proper and
expedient.
The amendment was not regarded by its friends
in the House as unreasonable, on the ground of
the amount of the appropriation. It was believed
to be no more than would be necessary, in a cer-
tain event, for the objects specified in the amend-
ment. Nor was it regarded as objectionable in
its terms, or extraordinary in its character, nor
was the proposition regarded as invading any
principle of the Constitution.
And why wfes this amendment opposed in the
Senate?—for had it not been for the opposition
from that quarter, the amendment would have
been incorporated in the bill—and the bill would
have been passed; and, at this period of time,
our" fortifications would at least have been well
supplied with ordnance; our ships would have
been put in readiness for actual and active ser-
vice ; and we should have been prepared for ac-
tion—if action should have become necessary.
1 again ask, on what ground was this amend-
ment resisted in the Scnute?
The Senator from Massachusetts, in hia argu-
ment, stated two grounds of objection to the
amendment of the House appropriating $3,000,000
for tlie objects stated in the amendment. The
first .ground was, "that no such appropriation
had been recommended by the President or by
any of the Departments." And it could not have
been known that this appropriation was in accord-
ance with the views of the Executive. The duty
devolving on the President in relation to this sub-
ject, the Senator states, is plainly and explicitly
set forth in the following clause of the Constitu-
tion: "He shall from time to time give to the
' Congress information of the state of the Union,
'and recommend to their consideration such
' measures as he shall judge necessary and exne-
' dient." And this appropriation was opposed—
tins amendment was objected to in the absence
of such a recommendation.
It was said by the Senator from Tennessee,
"It is not asked for by those who best knew
what the public service required; how, then, are
we to presume that it is needed?" Let us exam-
ine this matter, and see whether the objection be
well taken. At the commencement of the last
session of Congress, it is to be presumed that the
President of the United States communicated all
the information, touching the state of the Union,
which it was in hispowcr to communicate. That
message not only contained a full account of our
foreign relations, but also of our domestic con-
cerns. Every piece of information connected
with, or having relation to, the state of the
Union, was communicated to both Houses of
Congress; at the same time, and in the same
communication, he recommended for adoption
such measures as he deemed necessary and ex-
pedient. In that message he very fully and ex-
plicitly made known to Congress the precise and
exact state of our relations with France. Among
other things, he communicated, as his " convic-
tion, that the United States ought to insist on a
prompt execution «F the treaty; and after having
expressed his own' views fully and explicitly
upon the subject of our relations with France, he
remarked, that " having submitted these con-
' siderations, it belongs to Congress to decide
• whether, after what has taken place, it will still
« await the further action of the French Cham-
' bers, or now adopt such provisional measures
' as it may deem necessary, and best adapted to
' protect the rights, and maintain the honor of
' the country. YVhatever that decision may be,
'it will be faithfully enforced by the Executive,
, 'as far as he is authorized so to do." And it
further appears, that on the 2fith of February,
1835, within less than one week before the ne-
cessary termination of the session, the President
i communicated to both Houses of Congress the
following message:
"I transmit to Congress a report from the Sec-
! ' retary of State, with copies of all the letters re-
' ceived from Mr. Livingston since the message
' to the House of Representatives of the 6th
' instant, of the instructions given to that Min-
' ister, and of all the late correspondence with
' the French Government, in Pans or in Wash-
' ington, except a note of Mr. Serurier, which for
' the reasons stated jui the report, is not now com-
' municated.             '                            ...         ,  .
"It will be seen that I have deemed it my duty
« to instruct Mr. Livingston to quit France with
' his legation,and to return to the United States,
' if an appropriation for the fulfillment of the con-
« vent ion shall be refused by the ^Iráífabérér.
" The subject beim; now; ¡¡H au lte present M-
' pects, before Congress, whrrse right it is to de-
<  cido what measures are to bo pursued on that
' event  I deem it unnecessary to make further
<  recommendation, being confident that on their
' part everything will be done to  maintain the
<  rights and honor of the country which the oc-
« casion requires.                                     •   .
" ANDREW JACKSON.
" Washington, February 8&  ^< -"
