1636.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ai
•24th Cong....1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
Tkt< ke «iiWfntí J<¡ tcouti be alt that was rtjvircd foi the ex- \ I
*•-:..*::.-'   i  h   ''."'-   Gjrernment.      With fiar  modifica- "
tit-    '• • tipped the resolution would meet the approbation
of f;>- II m-e."
Thi* nro-veding. I stated, must, in all probabil-
itv hn\o Mini' to the knowledge of the members
of this branch of the Government. Certain the
fact is. that it was that very proceeding—the vote
to lav the contingent resolution upon the table—
w'-ich induced the chairman of the same Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to propose as an
amendment to the fortification bill, the appropria-
tion of the 13.000.000.
The honorable Senator from Virginia has very
distinctly stated his grounds of objection,—he
re<:nrde<t the amendment as an infraction of the
Constitution.
It was not the amount which alarmed either
the Senator from Maryland or the Senator from
Virginia. The Sitiator from Virginia has very
distinctly stated that his objections to the amend-
ment were on constitutional grounds—that he re-
garded, of course, the proposed amendment as an
infraction of the Constitution. The following
extract from his speech, shows his views:
'* Tlie opposition to it was founded principally on consti-
tntional grounds. It was objected that it was in fact a gen-
eral vote of money to the Executive for the defense ot the
na'ion, to be used at bis absolute, unlimited discretion; that
the proposed appropriation was not sufficiently specific;
that tbe amendment would place this large sum of money
in the President's hands, with power to apply every dollar
of it to whatever arm of-the national defense he thought
proper, and judge when defense would be proper; in other
word>, to determine the question of war or peace. Tbe
objection was no! so much to the amount, though no esti-
mate had been laid before us. and we had nodataon which
we could judge of tbe reasonableness of the appropriation.
Nor was the objection rested on any distrust of the execu-
tive m the exercise ofsach a discretion."
The objection, then, of the Senator from Vir-
ginia was, in substance, that the appropriation
was too general—too indefinite—not sufficiently
.specific. He did not distrust the executive in
the exercise of the discretion confided to him.
He made no objection to the amount of the ap-
propriation; but it granted the executive a power
too unlimited. The terms of the grant were too
unqualified. This is also the second ground of
objection assumed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts; and it is my object, before resuming
my seat, to undertake to answer this objection.
Before proceeding, however, to consider this ob-
jection, I would, with reference to another ground
of objection, and on which I have already sub-
mitted some remarks, ask what, sir, has been the
history of the legislation of Congress upon the
subject of appropriations ? What has been the
course of both. Houses ever since the adoption
of the Constitution? I appeal to the Journals;
I appeal to the recollection of those within the
reach of my voice, for the correctness of what I
now state, that three fourths of the bills appro-
priating money from the Treasury originate in ]
one or-the other of the two Houses of Congress,
not only without executive recommendation, but
without executive knowledge. Such bills have
never been opposed on the ground that they have
not been recommended, that they have not been
urged by executive influence. A proceeding of
such a character on the part of any executive
would, I trust, furnish good ground of objection.
Such an interference would not, and should not,
be tolerated by the representatives of the people.
I would ask whether the Senator himself, when
he recommended the large appropriation, when
he procured the passage of a bill making that
large appropriation for the adjustment and final
satisfaction of the claims of our citizens for
French spoliations prior to the year 1800, had
the authority of Executive recommendation?
A'o, sir. In the nature of things it cannot so be.
The Senator from Massachusetts has well and
truly remarked, "that the two Houses, and es-
pecially the House of Representatives, arc the
natural guardians of the people's money;" "they
are to keep it sacred, and to use it discreetly.
And it is, sir, on this very ground that an appro-
priation coming voluntarily, unasked, and unin-
fluenced, from the Representatives of the people,
carnes with it a stronger claim for support than
any appropriation would when proposed by ex-
ecutive recommendation.
When the Representatives of the people; when
the popular branch of our Government, the natu-
ral guardians of the people's money, in the exer-
cise of their sound discretion, on their responsi-
bility, ask for an appropriation, it strikes me as
novel, as extraordinary, as passing strange, that
the Senate, the other branch of Congress, the
cnguardians, with the House of Representatives, '■
of the pixiple's money, should oppose it, because
the appropriation is not called for by executive
recommendation.                                                           \
This appropriation, sir, was asked, was con-
stitutionally asked by the highest atithority under
our Government. It was asked by the House
of Representatives; and if proper, if expedient,
if necessary, it ought to have been granted.
The view, then, which I have taken of this
subject, has rendered that part of the message
communicated to Congress at the commencement
of the present session, unexceptionable. The
appropriation was made in accordance with the
views of the executive; not that the executive
had in express terms asked for this appropria-
tion.
He had communicated by his message inform-
ation upon the subject of our affairs with France;
he had left it to the discretion of Congress to de-
vise such measures as they might deem expedient.
The House of Representatives had proposed to
appropriate conditionally $3,000,000, to be ex-
pended upon certain objects, if the President
should consider the expenditure of the whole or
a part called for. Such a disposition, then, of
this subject, such a proposition was undoubtedly
in accordance with the views of the executive,
and was clearly, in my judgment, made neces-
sary by the then existing circumstances.
There is no mystification—there is nothing
extraordinary in that clause of the President's
message.
What was the particular paragraph in the mes-
sage of the President at the opening of the present
session, which has provoked such severe animad-
version?    It is subjoined:
" Much loss and inconvenience have been experienced
in consequence of the failure of the bill containing the
ordinary appropriations for fortifications, which passed one
branch of the National Legislature at the last session, but
was lost in tbe other. This failure was the more regretted,
not only because it necessarily interrupted and delayed the
progress of a system of national defense, projected immedi-
ately after the last war, and since steadily pursued, -but
also because it contained a contingent appropriation inserted
in accordance with the views of the executive in aid of I
this important object, and other branches of the notional
defense, some portions of which might have been most use-
fully applied during the past season. I invite your early
attention to that part of the report of the Secretary of War
which relates to this subject, and recommend an appropri-
ation sufficiently liberal to accelerate the armament of the
fortifications, agreeably to the proposition submitted by him,
and to place our whole Atlantic sea-board in a complete
state of defense. A just regard to the pennanent interests
of the country evidently requires this measure, but there
I are also other reasons which, at the present juncture, give
I it peculiar force, and make it my duty to call to the subject
your special consideration."
I shall not notice any other part of this extract
from the message, except that which speaks of
the regret entertained for the loss of the fortifi-
cation bill, because " it contained a contingent
i appropriation, inserted in accordance with the
I views of the  Executive."    And what  is the
; plain, straight-forward English of this clause ?
] That the Executive made an official communica-
tion to one branch of Congress, which he with-
! held from the other?    By no manner of means.
i He might, or he might not, have said, that to ;
make such an appropriation, under existing cir- j
cumstances, would be all that Congress could do. i
He might, or he might not, have said, that such
1 a contingent appropriation would, in all prob- :
; ability, meet the exigency of the times.    But it
cannot be said that it is inferable that he exerted
¡ his official influence to procure the passage of that
I appropriation.    He had laid the subject before
I both Houses of Congress upon which the amend-
i ment was predicated, and this was all that he had
done.    And when his message, at the opening of
this session, speaks this, that the appropriation
| was in accordance with his views, he says no
i more and no less than that the action of the House,
upon  this subject, met his approbation.    The
Senate had the same lights upon this subject with
which the House were favored.    It was the mes-
t sage of the 26th of February.    It was the state
I and condition of the country which induced the
1 appropriation; that message was alike communi-
cated to the Senate; the state and condition of
the country were alike known to them.
I will now, Mr. President, proceed to notice
the principal objection stated by the Senator from
Virginia, and the last objection stated by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to the amendment.
The gentleman from Massachusetts states his
second objection to the amendment of the House
to be, that "the Constitution declares that no-
money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in
consequence of appropriations made by law."
What is meant by " appropriations V Does this
language not mean that particular sums shall be
assigned by law to particular objects?—that the
proposed, appropriation was too general in its
character? It was as general as language could
make it. It embraced every expenditure that
could be called either military or naval. It was
to include "fortifications, ordnance, and increase
of the Navy," but it was not confined to these.
It embraced the whole general subject of military
service. Under the authority of such a law, the
President might repair ships, build ships, buy
ships, enlist seamen, and do anything and every-
thing else touching the naval service, without
restraint or control.
" He might repair such fortifications as he saw fit, and
neglect the rest; arm such as he saw fit, and neglect the
arming of others; or build new fortifications whenever he
chose. But these unlimited powers over the fortifications
and the Navy constitute, by no means, the most dangerous
part of the proposed authority; because, under that au-
thority, his power to raise and employ land forces was
equally absolute and uncontrolled. He might levy troops,
embody a new army, call out the militia in numbers to suit
his own discretion, and employ them as he saw fit."
The first answer to this objection is, that if it
was too general in its character—if it was not
sufficiently specific, it would have been clearly
within the power of the Senate to have made its
phraseology entirely unexceptionable.
Not that the Senate could have offered any
amendment to the amendment of the House, be-
cause that was but an amendment to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senate to the fortification
bill. But if the Senator from Massachusetts had
excepted to the terms of the resolution, he could
have effected his object most readily by asking a
conference at the time he made his motion to
adhere; there would then have been a sufficient
time to have accomplished any such purpose.
The friends of this amendment in the House,were
not so very tenacious of the style and phraseology
that they would not have made any alteration
whatever, if they could have secured the object,
the appropriation for fortifications, for ordnance,
and for the increase of the Navy. Therefore,
there could have been no difficulty in making the
terms of the amendment perfectly unexception-
able, entirely conformable to the taste and to the
judgment of the Senator himself.
The gentleman has favored us with his con-
struction of that clause of the Constitution which
provides that no money shall be drawn from the
Treasury but in consequence of appropriations
made by law. Clearly so, sir; but would it not
have been an appropriation by law, if the public
money had been set apart for any purpose, with
the approbation of the representatives of the peo-
ple and of the States in Congress assembled? Is
not Congress to decide for what purposes the
public money shall be appropriated? I have yet
to learn that, if the amendment as adopted by
the House had passed into a law, that the law
could have been regarded as unconstitutional, for
the reason that the appropriation in the terms of
the amendment was not sufficiently specific. _
The amendment states, with perfect distinct-
ness, the amount to be appropriated. It defines
the objects upon which the appropriation shall
be expended, if expended at all, and it clearly
sets forth on whose responsibility, and at whose
accountability, the expenditure should be made.
What more could be required ? The amount—
the object—the accountability, well defined. The
Senator says, " it was as general as language
could make it." Is it so, sir? I ask, what would
be the fair, straightforward construction which
would be given to the amendment of the House ?
It proposes an appropriation of $3,000,000 for
the military and naval service, including " fortifi-
cations, ordnance, and increase of the Navy;" in
other words, it proposes for those objects, and
for those objects alone.   No one charged with
