m&y
APPEND^ T<^ THK GOWJRESSKtfiALj-CrfcOBB?
41
■24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—-Mr. Southerland, Mr. Patton.
Ho. op Reps.
care that the amount should be liberal, and over
th- mark, r.uher than und-r it. Whenever it be-
cjints necessary U' pass any particular bill for
this purp's-', 1 undertake to say that there will
be Annul pxtriotism en;>.! h in this House, in all
5 .i-ts, in iv.'i-v party in this House, to take it up
¡i id vote it through. Sir, there will always be
found patriotism enough in the House to do this;
without the resolution of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason.] I stand pledged to do it,
Whenever get'tlemen shall call > pon us to act in
the usual mode of making or voting appropria-
tions. But when I am asked to vote ail the ap-
propriation bills tnmasst; when I shall be called
upon to make an appropriation for new forts,
which cannot possibly be made effective in de-
fending the country in any war in which We can
be soon unspiged, as is proposed; when we are
called upon to lay the foundation forthe expendi-
ture of at least fifty millions in the Commence-
ment of new fortifications, and an increased
military peace establishment, the necessary con-
sequence of these new works, there 1 shall meet
the gentleman, panic or no panic, war or no war.
I will contest every inch of ground with them
upon these questions. But why have not gentle-
men pressed these bills sooner ? Why did they
not finish those bills which they had once before
the House? And, when they were laid aside at
one time, why did they not move to take them up
again, upon the first opportunity which presented
itself5 The course taKen bv gentlemen certainly
requires an explanation. A satisfactory explana-
tion is due to this House and to the country upon
this point.
As to the war, if we have one, I shall be ready-
to support it. I shall not stop to inquire into the
causes which may have produced it, if it be neces-
sary to the honor and dignity of the country that
we should wage it. I can readily imagine that,
nations, as wefi as individuals, may, by their own
blunders and follies, and for want of diplomatic
skill, or proper forbearance, find themselves en-
gaged in a quarrel, no matter how frivolous the
cause or ground of it, and become so far com-
mitted, that they cannot apologize, but must fight,
no matter at what hazard. Sir, in such a case, I
will not shrink from the support of a war. I
will remember that it is our country that is con-
cerned; but at the same time I will continue to
hold the political agents who may have brought
on the war responsible to the country. They
shall not escape their due responsibility.
Mr. B. concluded by expressing the hope that
the resolution would not be agreed to by the
House.   ___
Mr. SUTHERLAND said, if we did not fall
in with the suggestion of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, it would be uncertain when we
would be able to get through the appropriation
bills.
The abolition question was outstanding, and
wonld elicit a very warm discussion. The propo-
sition of the gentleman from Massachusetts was
also in a suspended state, and how were we to
progress in the business before us, unless some-
thing of this kind should be adopted ?
We must rid the House of the many pending
propositions before it. Pass the resolution of j
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and we cut i
the Gordian knot at once. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Bell] had said that the present
condition of the business of the House was very
onerous to the Speaker. It must be so. Next
week we will commence with petitions-, on Mon-
day and Tuesday the abolition resolution of
the gentleman from Maine will be up-, and that
abolishes everything like business for the day.
On Wednesday the greater part will be devoted
to the committees making reports. Thursday
will go for public business, and Friday and Sat-
urday for private. We must there take a. stand
for the appropriation bills, if we seriously intend
passing them. The proposition before the House
merely requires that the appropriation bills may
have precedence of other business. Some gen-
tlemen say that we must not pass the appropria-
tion bills until we hear from France. We nave
heard enough from France already. Those gen-
tlemen think it wrong to agree to the bills now,
because we might pass them with too lavish
a hand.    Congress had  already tarried long
enough. Mr. S. said we ought to wait no longer.
We should put our forts in order to meet any
emergency that might occur.
A charge has been made from another quarter,
that we were the cause of the loss of the forti-
fication bill of last year. He considered it an
absurd question, to be inquiring where the bill
was lost, and yet refuse permission to take up
the fortification bill now before us. He cared
nothing for the dead bills. He was for providing
for the living ones, and then, at our leisure, if it
was deemed expedient, the House might search
after the miscarried bills of last year.
What was asked by the Committee on Foreign
Relations ? Merely to have those bills taken up
by the House; and if gentlemen think the appro-'
priations too large, meet them and vote them
down; but do not stop them from being taken
up. It was the height of folly to be disputing
and quibbling about technicalities, instead of go-
ing to the great question of appropriation. Local
matters should give way to national ones; and
we should come to the determination to carry the
appropriations which would put the country in a
proper state of defense. Gentlemen had com-
plained that the House had before it a political
question, which was discussed to the exclusion
of other business, and might be closed by the
previous question. Now he must say, so far as
related to the number of speeches made on that
topic, that both parties had an equal chance.
The debate had been opened by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, £Mr. Adams,] and had been
replied to by the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Wise.] Another complaint urged
is, that the previous question is sometimes re-
sorted to to stop debate. That is, however, un-
avoidable. It must be apparent that, since the
increase of members in the House, and so many
voices were, to be heard, there were no other means
of getting many of the measures through the
House than by administering the previous ques-
tion. All parties occasionally vote for it. He
trusted that the resolution might pass, to take
effect on Tuesday next; and before it went into
operation, we might dispose of what small mat-
ters we had on hand. We must take up the ap-
propriation bills for the purpose of sustaining the
country; and particularly such bills as will put
the country in a position to maintain its honor
and dignity against any and every nation that
might asBail them.
! Mr. PATTON said he did not intend to oc-
cupy any time in considering whether there was
any irregularity in such a proposition being made
from the Committee on Foreign Relations—
whether it was apposite to their functions, and
embraced by the reference made to them of the
President's special message. He would, how-
ever, as that objection was urged as a reason
against adopting the resolution, remark, that no
practical evil can result from this irregularity sup-
posing it to be one—no such indirect violation or
evasion of the rules of the House as seem to be
apprehended from it. It is certainly competent
for any individual member to have offered pre-
cisely the same resolution as the one presented
by the Committee on Foreign Relations. If obr
jected to, he coold move a suspension of the rules
to offer and take it up, and a vote of two thirds
would remove all difficulty. Now, the Chair has
decided (and, no doubt, correctly) that it re-
quires a vote of two thirds to adopt the resolution
reported by the chairman of the Committee On
Foreign Relations. If there be a majority in favor
of adopting that resolution, of two thirds, doubt-
less the same majority would vote in favor of sus-'
pending the rules, if such a vote were requisite'
to accomplish the object.                                      ' '
No matter how the question is presented, then,
we may consider its merits without any embar-
rassment from the source from which it comes.
Mr. Speaker, we have now been in session some
seven or eight weeks, and we have passed none
of the appropriation bills.
It is unnecessary, it would be, perhaps, out of
order, and certainly premature, to enter into mi-
nute details of the circumstances in which we are
placed in regard to our relations with another
country, showing the propriety and necessity of
our proceeding promptly to provide the means
of placing the country in a state of preparation
to meet all the contingencies which might arise.
Let us take up with all convenient speed, and
consider with all due deliberation, the various
propositions for ordinary and extraordinary ap-
propriations. After so large a period of the ses-
sion had passed, and especially when, to say the
least, our relations with France are not in the
most satisfactory state; when it is known that,
in the opinion of many, and in the apprehensions
of all, a war is impending with aforeign country,
is it not time that wc should act on the subject
in that way, which, while it can give no new
cause of aggravating the irritation, and increasing
the difficulties, will yet place us in a condition to
maintain the rights of our citizens, and the inter-
est and honor of the country; if, unfortunately,
these difficulties should be inflamed into armed
collision, and prepare us to maintain the conflict,
whether in defense or assault, creditably and suc-
cessfully? It is hardly possible that any man
can doubt that it is peculiarly important that our
appropriations, either ordinary or extraordinary,
ought to be speedily made; and is there any suf-
ficient objection made to proceeding to do so at
, the period proposed by the Committee on Foreign
Relations? Shall we refuse to do this for the pur-
1 pose of continuing and indulging ad libitum what
the gentleman from Tennessee calls a mere par-
tisan debate; and for the continuance of which,
i he seems anxious, for the purpose of enabling
] those who take interest in this party contest to
i defend or attack? I agree with him that it is a
j mere partisan discussion, the introduction of
which I most deeply regret. Now, when a for-
eign country, between whom and our own, angry
controversies are depending; when she has re-
i fused to do that which this House unanimously
declared ought to be insisted on, except upon
! terms which will certainly never be granted;
when we have information that this foreign coun-
try is increasing her armaments, fitting out a
fleet, and sending it on our coast; under such cir-
cumstances, I appeal to the patriotism of the
House to say whether we ought to postpone act-
ing on the appropriations until this contest be-
tween the two Houses about the fortification and
the three million bill shall be fought out? Instead
of proceeding at once to consider the possibility
of averting so deplorable a calamity as war, or if
not to be averted, the means of conducting it with
honor and credit, a subject requiring harmony,
good feeling, and united patriotism; instead of
this, we are to employ ourselves in an angry,
irritating, party debate, about whether something
was not done last session which ought to have
been done; and who is or is not to be blamed for
the loss of the three million appropriation, and
the fortification bill, a diseussion calculated to
lead—which had already occasioned personal re-
flections, to exasperate the party passions, and
inflame the party prejudices of Congress and of
the country—to crimination and recrimination
between the two Houses of Congress, destructive
of harmonious action and respectful feeling.
Let me not be supposed to deprecate the thrust-
ing forward this debate, and the continuance of
it, from any indisposition to meet and to bear my
full share of the responsibility of voting against
that three millions appropriation. I gave that vote
at the time with some doubt and hesitation The
circumstances under which it was presented pre-
cluded all deliberation—gave no time for refleo
tion, and might well excuse any person from very
strict accountability; and especially from any
harsh imputation or bad motive, for voting either
one way or the other. I do not believe that there
was one single member of either House of the last
Congress, nor one in this House or in the Senate
of the present Congress, who would hesitate to
empty the Treasury and exhaust the resources of
the nation, in defense of the country, and in main-
taining its rights whenever they see that it is to
be assailed, or that it is necessary to adopt such
means for such purpose. We may differ about
the best mode of attaining these objects; we may
conscientiously differ as to the expediency, con-
stitutionality and necessity of it; party feelings
and party prejudices may warp our opinions and
bias our decisions upon the subjects wo are called
on to act about; but at heart, I believe no party
is entitled to claim for itself the merit of exclu-
sive patriotism.
