1836]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
4*
24th Conk....1st Sess.        National Dtfensc—Mr. Bell, Mr. Mason, Mr. Cambrcleng, etc.
Ho. of Reps.
pubin lit must be ext us< d if, with entire defer-
ens iO otlnrs, ic did not pin.em thi advantages
«huh «i re suppo-id to result fn in an elaborate
di'-cH.'SWH of that sabj ct heie. He wished to
set it dtiultd. and to accomplish this desnable
o'ijeet, tin Cominutte on Fomgn Affurs liad
postponed the eousideration of tlie order pro-
post d iorawi k. For himself he could sately
answer,and 1 t lxhe\td he could for the commit-
tee, thi* tins, lite day was fixed to give to the
House an opportunity to dispose of that subject
especially, and to adapt its business generally to
the operations of the nt w rule.
Nor was it the purpose of the committee to
de pit te the Treasurv , and thus forestall the con-
aide ration of the proposition to divide the surplus
revtnuts of the Govcrnmtnt The measurt and
extent of preparation and expenditures would be
for the House to determine w hen the subject was
prest nted for consideration. The gentleman asks,
w hy this resolution is suddt nlv brought forw ard
under the influt nee of the panic, of a French war'
That committee was. as little under the influence
of pusitlimiuous fear af> any other, and is this
tlie term by which the desire to provide for the
necessary defense of our beloved countxVi in the
hour of her danger, is to be designated > Does
tht geatltmau set m our foreign relations any-
thing showing so great a certainty of a pacific
result, that the introduction of this resolution is
only to be explained by groundless panic, gotten
up for «s.mst  r purposes '
Mr. BELL said he had made no charge against
the committee, in relation to a war. He had said
that the tendency of the resolution vv ould be to
push all the appropriation bills through at once,
before w e could find out that they were needed.
Mr MASON said that he would not misunder-
stand thegeutleman,much less misrepresent him.
The gentleman supposes that one effect, if not an
object of this resolution, will be to "push through'"
the appropriation bills. I submit it to the hon-
orable member, whether, if an inquiry were ad-
dressed to him, if such an intention was enter-
tained by him, he would consident very decorous,
especially when the committee introducing the
proposition had not charge of the bills ? But no
reflection on tlie committee, I am sure, was in-
tended. But to show that this apprehension was
wholly unfounded, Mr. M.had only to advert to
the fact, that the appropriation bills, mainly em-
braced by this resolution, were in tlie Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, where
they must be freely discussed, uncontrolled by
the will of a majority, however large, or the
application of the previous question.
It is objected to this resolution, that it em-
braces bills making appropriations for depart-
ments of the Government not connected with
our foreign affairs, and therefore ought not to be
adopted. This might seem to be a good reason
for amendment, but not rejeetton., The com-
mittee, however, entertain the opinion, that in
making appropriations for the support of Gov,
crnment, and to meet its diversified wants, it is
convenient, if not essential, that the H.ouse
should have the wholt subject before it, thus
contemplating, at one view, the resources, the
exigencies, the necessary expenditures of the
Government, the means of the Treasury, and the
drafts to be made on them, and thus the appro-
priations for the Indian departmi nt had an im-
portant connection with those for the naval and
military service. But we are told that we must
wait until we hear from France. It appeared to
Inm wise to wait, before we took any decisive
step on the subjects m controversy between the
two nations, but it indicated fatuity, rather than
a wise forecast, to postpone all measures of prep-
aration in our unprepared state until the arrival
of intelligence which might disappoint our hopes
and our expectations, and require tlie vigorous
use of all of our resources.
The gentleman had said, that the reference to
the President's message was an artful appeal to
the influence of a name, which was dragged in
on many occasions not very appropriate. The
honorable member disclaimed any offensive mean-
ing in tht term employed, and (Mr M. said) he
was sure, that if the gentleman did not, the House
would perceive, that the reference was rendered
necessary by the objection of the gentleman from
Kentucky , as giving the jurisdiction of the com-
mittee
Mi M. concludt d by say ing, that if, under the
ingi nious and at cumulated oogenous which had
bit n uigtd, the resolution should not find favor
w ith the Hoasc, In , and his houoiablo colli agues
on the committee, would have done tht u duty.
And if future events, which none can foresee,
shall show that it  adoption might have sav ed our
toiintryfiom shame and disustei and outlay ,
they will desei vc no poition of the di ep and loud
coudt muation of the country.
Mr CAMBRELENG said he was happy that
tlie gentleman from Virginia [Mr.MAsov] had in-
troduce d the resolution to call up the appropria-
tion bills, he had only anticipated the wish of the
Committee of Ways and Means Ah to the ques-
tion of jurisdiction, at a crisis like the present, it
was mutual vv rth the Committee s on Mili tar v, Na-
\<Ú, and Foreign Aflaiis,and Way S and Means.
When he had first pioposed to take up the appro-
priation bills, some ümcunee.thegentlenicui from
Tennessee [Mr BeixJ wished to intcrpo&c,doubt-
less from proper motives, a discussion on rules and
ordtrs. Subsequently the abolition question canje
up In that state of the case, Mr C said he did,
feeling the extraordinary and urgent necessity of
tlie measure, ask the consideration of the bill for
the re lief of the sufferers by fire in the city of New
York, never dreaming that it would be opposed
day by day , and inch by inch, as it had been. He
had supposed that the House would meet it and
pass it promptly, as the Senate had done.
We had, however, been disappointed, but he
still believed that, but for tin debate on the bill,
it would have been ordered tia thud reading on
the vtry day it came from the Senate. He felt
too anxious, for the passage of that bill, to detain
the House, by debating the question whenevei it
should come up again. With regard to the ques-
tion introduced by the gentleman fioni Massa-
chusetts, [Mr ADAMSjlduty to himself compelled
him to speak upon it. He should not shrink from
the discussion, but should meet it ftarlcssly and
honestly, let the responsibility fall where it might.
The gentleman from Ttnnes see [Mr. Bell]
had also inquired wiiat course the Committee of
Ways and Means would puisue' As one of that
committee, he would say, that it was his design
to si párate the bills for ordinary appropriations
from those for extraordinary purposes, under-
standing that these appropriations were first re-
quired The gentleman from Tennessee would,
next in order, have full opportunity to opposi or
to discuss the extraordinary appropriations which
would be required to put the country in a proper
state of defense. It was not proposed to resort
to the prev ious question The v ery obj ect of fixing
an early day was to afford gentlemen every op-
portunity to discuss the appropriations as they
ought to be, and not driven through, from neces-
sity, and without debate, at the close of the ses-
sion. One word as to the objection to the manner
of introducing the resolution. The interest oí
the country had suffered last year from too nice
an attention to forms, and the country was left
defenseless. He trusted that the time had ar-
rived when the great interests of the country
would no longer be sacrificed to the miserable
consideration of forms, forms, forms.
Mr. W. THOMSON said he would vote for the
resolution, because he had just learned from the
gentleman from Florida [Mr. White] that he had
an amendment to add to one of the bills author-
ing the President to enhstarcgimentof one thou-
sand mounted men for the protection of Florida
from the inroads of the Seminóles. He was fearful
that that war was not speedily to be put down,
and he felt that every consideration ought to give
way to prompt and efficient measures to put an
end to that bloody strife. He was opposed to
appropriating money, unless for specific objects,
and he could not do so unless the Departments
sent in statements showing what money was ac-
tually needed. He had not the remotest idea that
France would commence hostilities, but, if she
did, he would not treat with her untd the whole
nation should be clad in armor, and, so far as he
was concerned, he would not only empty the
Treasury, but he would empty every American
vein, in defense of the just rights of the country.
Mr HOWARD said, that, being under the im-
pression that this resolution  ou¿ht to pass, and
moreovei  ought to piss  to day, he v\ o tld give
tht   Housf   an opportunity of  ttrmi i itinj;  the
debate, if sin h should also be its oi mioii, but
bi mg a membtr of the commit'* e ftom vv inch this
resolution emanated, and   tlnit'oie  convcisanl
with the views which inducid that committee tc
propose it, he felt it to be his duty to say a few
words in explanation    That th u committee had
bet n actuated by a view of pioducmg any result
upon the presidential election, orthat the idea had
ev er occurred to them that any person could draw
such an inference, he utterly denied, and could
not have been more astonished, if the earth had
suddenly yawm d at his feet, than he was wh n
thegeutleman  from Tennessee [Mi   Bell] had
supposed that it would affect that delicate sub-
ject      The committee had been guid d alone by
their sense of duty to the House and to the na-
tion, and he took leave to siy, that, in his opin-
ion, Congress was  far behind the public feeling
of the nation, in permitting our fortifications and
other mi ms of dtfensi to contmui in their pies-
ent condition     Wc had a thousand miles of sta-
coast  mon    unprotected   than  it  ought to  be,
exposing hundreds of thousands of live sand hun-
dreds of millions of propcity to a dangc r which,
howi ver slight, could not be totally overlooked
Having the state of our foitign relations com-
mitted to their charge, the committee had anx-
iously devoted their attention to the existing at-
titude of the couatiy, and although he believed
that the committee did not expect war, nor were
they desirous to take any ste p which ought to
bring it on, yet it was impossible to contemplate
tin   posture of affairs without feeling  the pio-
pnety of employing some of the suiplus moiw y
of the Treasjiy towards objects of public safety
Without entering at all into tht examination of
our relations with Fiance, hi  might bi permitted
to say, that the pie sent unequal condition of the
two nations—one m tin full enjoyment of the ben-
efits of the treaty, and the other not—ought not
to continue, and should the Committee on Foi-
eign Affairs even propose to disturb  this one-
sided condition of our commercial relations, who
can say that it would be looked upon with com-
placency, and not  resented,  by France'     Her
sensitiveness on the subject of her produce and
manufactures was well known, and no member
of this House cpuld undertake to predict hei fu-
ture course with such certainty, as to postpone
the passage of even the  ordinary, much more
any extiaordmary, appropriations.    The   whole
of the special message of the President, with all
its recommendations, had been sent to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs   and that committee
could be enabled to take a wider view of the con-
dition of the  country, after tlie House should
have passed upon the appropriation bills, than
they could now.    The eyes of the whole nation
were earnestly fixed upon  Congress, and the
committee were fully sensible of the extreme del-
icacy of the task committed  to  their charge.
Having nothing in view but a sincere zeal to pro-
mote the honor, dignity, and inti rtsttof the na-
tion, they had submitted to the House tlie prop-
osition before them, upon which, he hoped, they
were now prepared to vote
Mr. H. then demanded the previous question,
but, at the request of several members about him,
waived it for the present.
Mr HARDIN said he had hoped, with his
friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] that we might
have taken up, discussed, and adopted rules for
the government of the House. Rules were in-
tended as a protection to the minority, the weaker
party. The strong and powerful needed no pro-
tection, but the weak and powerless did So far
as the protection of Fk>rkfa was concerned from
the inroads of a savage foe, he would to God that
five thousand of the best bloods in America were
in tho midst of them; and he had looked for a
proclamation from the President, calling on Ten-
nessee and Kentucky for volunteers. Wt would
then see that those Statr s would furnish ample
force to put down the Indians, and put thtm
down in a way that would be a guaiantee foi
the peace of that countiy And, so far as our
foreign relations were concerned, he would say,
that °if the country was brought into collision
with France, he would never stop to inquire how
