¿<>
App$$mX,T0 THE CONGRESSJON^ pLQBE.
[January 28,
24m Cong.... 1st Sess.
B'x.ikniK <?t¡i st time. He had avowed his de-
Uini'iniiion to sp.ak out the session, and after
gn. ,i'm,i ;, as he s ud, a h>i j; time nouns' t.me, he
fou.id that time stood srii, 'hit our clock oLsM-
nat ly lifts. 1 to pis'! the hoar of twihe; and
thereupon addi sst d t'n pit -lding cfrieer, Mi.
Tyler, ilie P>' sulent p, o t<-tn., toe ill to his atten-
tion the n fiaetor) dispo-iti mi of the clock, w Inch
ii fact had bun tH Lvik by the officers of the
House, according to common usage on the last
niffht, to hide from ourselves the fact that our time
was at an end. The presiding officer (Mr. B.
said) duccted an officer of the House to put for-
waid thi clock to the right time, which was done,
and not another vote was taken that night, except
the vote to adjourn.]
Mr. H. thanked Col. B. for reminding him of
tliese facts, and said, to the perseveiance of that
Senator in speaking against time, in having the
clock set form aid to the true time, and in avow-
ing his determination to speak until the Senate
adjourned, and finally compelling the defunct
Senatois to yield up their places on the floor; to
that peí sevt ranee of the honorable Senator which
ne\er tires on any becoming occasion, it is due,
that from one to two hundred thousand dollars
of the public money was prevented ftom going
into the all-grasping jaws of that cormorant, who
had not fattened, but grown lean and haggard
with the continued feeding of a majority of the
late Senate of the United States, Duff Green.
[Mr. Bibb's proposition was to reprint the
usual number of the Legislative and Executive
Journals from the foundation of the Government
in 1789, with a copious index to each volume,
and also an analytical index to the whole; the
usual number was one thousand and ten copies;
there are fifty volumes of Legislative Journals,
and three volumes of Executive Journals. The
expense of this printing at the Congress prices,
winch are much higher than printing anywhere
else, (beingpay as for manuscript, when this and
other reprints were from printed copy,) would
have been at least $100,000. Mr. Webster's
project was to reprint the Blue Book from the
commencement, beginning in 1816, and published
every two years, tea volumes of rule and figure
work, last volume four hundred and fifty pages,
at an expense of between four and five dollars
per page, at the lowest estimate 016,000. Mr.
Poindexter's project was a continuation of print-
ing of reports of commissioners for adjusting
land titles, which had already cost $60,000 or
$70,000, and which had been previously printed
under an order of the Senate, and not worth one
straw to anybody; the continuation of no more
value than the main work, would have made sev-
eral volumes, and would have cost some $20,000
or $30,000. The above project of printing re-
ports went through the Senate at the same ses- '
sion as did the project of Mr. Moore, of Ala-
bama, to print certain Indian reports, which now
amount to three laige octavo volumes, delivered
at this session, and which are really of no value,
even to a grocer or tiunk maker. Mr. Pres-
toVs project, which passed at the last hour of
the session, forced through by a vote of the ma-
jority, was to print a list of pensioners on the
/oils of the Treasury office. He had before got
through a resolution for printing the rolls in the
War Department, which had been two years in
printing, and are now just completed, making
three large octavo volumes of rule and figure
work of about one thousand pages each. The
whole expense of printing the^e lists will not be
less than $30,000; and for all practical uses
these volumes are of less value than any old
almanac. This motion of xMr. Preston was the
last question taken; it was taken after twelve
o'clock, and was carried by surprise. Mr. Pqin-
tjexter's motion next came up, when Colonel
Benton commenced speaking.]
Mr. President, we have very lately had a spe-
cimen of the facility with which bills may pass
the Senate. On yesterday a bill app¡o(>riatiiig
half a million of dollars for defraying the expense
of defending the coimtry against the murderous
warfare of "the Seminole Indians in Florida, was
retened from the House of Representatives, com-
mitted to the Committee on Finance, íeported on,
and passed three seveial readings, all on the same
day.   There was no opposition to the bill, only
National Defense—Mr. Hill.
the very significant inquiry made by the Senator
from Iventucky [Mr. Clat,] bow it happens that
these Indians slioald lnv e attack) d our men, and
the War Di paitment furnish us with no evidente
of that intended hostility5 If that Senator had
not studied enough of Indian character to know
that a blow, and sjeneially a fatal blow, is the
first indication of Indian hostility, he might have
sought "or the cause of that hostility in the known
fact, that a political party m the United States had
taught these sons of the forest to believe them-
selves to be sovereign and independent nations,
whose rights as such had been invaded, and that
even the benevolent acts of our own Government
were injustice and oppression in disguise, de-
serving no better than the punishment of death
and extermination of our citizens at their hand.
If the Committee on Finance had it in their power
to act as promptly as they did on the bill I have
named, why did the same committee of the last
session hold up the appropriation bills for more
than a month after they had passed the House,
and not suffer the Senate to hav e them until i^
was too late to advocate on this floor what was
expedient, and oppose what was inexpedient>
Mr. President, for the four sessions I have had
a seat in this body, I have voted steadily against
extravagant appropriations. I have voted against
all appropriations for local internal improvements;
against all increased allowances; against claims
which, in my opinion, had no foundation injus-
tice. My opposition, at times, has here scarcely
! had the weight of a feather. If tliere have been
extravagant expenditures—if offices have been
multiplied, and the compensation of officers in-
creased—all has been sanctioned by a majority
of the Senate. What would have been the con-
dition of the Treasury at this moment, had tliere
been no restraint upon the will of the Senate5
Has not the Senate, by passing bills which have
beer  vetoed by the President, sanctioned princi-
ples of allowance winch would have made the
Treasury at this moment a hundred millions in
debt5 The May sv die road veto stopped appro-
, priation, much of which would have been money
virtually thrown aw ay, as has been a large share
of the expenditures on the Cumberland road,
which would probably have amounted, at this
time, to at least sixty millions of dollars—ten
millions a year; the veto on the bill allowing the
States interest on their war claims, which war
i claims had been liberally and largely allowed by
I the Government, stopped an immediate abstrac-
I tion of many millions more. The principle of
this last bill, followed out, would have left no end
to the claims that would have been kept up on
the Treasury. The first and largest sum would
have gone to Massachusetts, as the interest on
that claim, which, by dint of perseverance, she
succeeded in piocuring, since the commencement
of the present Administration, for State expendi-
tures, made in defiance Of the constituted authori-
ties of the General Government in time of war!
1 Mr. President, illiberal and ungenerous as I
have been to those who wanted large sums from
the Tieasury,I did vote,with the gentlemen then
I acting in the minority in the Senate, for the ap-
¡ propnation of #3,000,000, to be expended as the
1 public exigencies might require, in preparing the
I nation to defend itself against a foreign enemy.
1 Liberal and generous as have been the gentlemen
' who composed a majority of the Senate, every
one of that majority voted against the appropri-
ation of $3,000,000. Oil whom, then, rests the
odium of leaving the sea-board in its present
defenseless state5 The Senators, whose habit it
was to vote for the most extensiv e appropriations,
voted against this appropriation; and, taken in
connection with the attitude of the majority on
the subject of the differences with France, is it
not clear that the refusal to give the executive
the means of defense on the part of this body
operated as a new inducement to the French
Government to deny us justice ? Was this not
a .strong indication that, even should France for-
ever deny the execution of her solemn contract,
she might at leaH íely on one bianch of the
American Legislature to palliate her offense ?
I have been told by a gentleman who has just
returned from France, and who well knows the
dispositions of her Goveinmentand of her people,
that he has not a doubt that, if the Senate had
Senate.
voted the appropriation of $3,000,000, showing
thereby united councils at home, the money
would have been paid, and the -whole matter sat-
isfactorily settled before the commencement of
this session of Congress.
This refusal on the part of the Senate would
not have placed itself in so strong a light to the
French Government, had it not have come from
that majority in the Senate which had been most
liberal in voting away the public money. It
should be understood by the people of the United
States, that although there was a change in this
Administration in 1829, there has been no sub-
stantial change in the men who have lived on the
public expenditures. The public deposits have
been removed from the United States Bank—
thanks to the people, under the lead of that man
who conquered another but not less potent enemy
at New Orleans; the public deposits have been
removed, but the drawers of the public money
are the same men x four out of five, that they ever
have been. The cormorants which feed on the
bowels of the Treasury have not flown away.
They have looked to the Senate as the citadel of
their protection—the Senate would deny the right
of that Chief Magistrate, elected by the people
for the purpose, to annoy them. To this class
of men the majority of the Senate has always
been generous; nay, it will be found, that a ma-
jority of the Senate, in its six last sessions, has
sanctioned, without scruple, the increase of offi-
cers and of offieial emoluments. Standing in this
relation, it may truly be said, that the Senate
has exercised a greater power and influence in
this Government to convert the public patronage,
and the public money, into an electioneering en-
gine, than any other department of the Govern-
ment.
Decidedly as I had disapproved of the opinions
of the Senators from Massachusetts [Mr. Web-
ster] and South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] I was
surprised and astonished at their avowals in this
debate. These avowals, Mr. President, and not
the petty disputes about who was accountable
for the fate of the fortification bill at the last mo-
ment of the session—those avowals are what the
nation will regard. Those avowals fix the true
character of the rejection of the fortification bill.
One Senator [Mr. Webster] says he would not
have voted the appropriation, if the enemy had
been thundering at the walls of this Capitol. I
regret that the Senator, in making this declara-
tion, should discover that he had not repented of
his course during the war of 1812:* and if I had
expected no better things of him at this period,
* Extract from a Speech of Mr. Hill, of New Hampshire.
In Senate, March 20, 1832.
trThe efforts of the factious opposition at that portentous
period, were directed to a deprivation of the means of car-
rying on the war, and to the rum of the Government. To
carry on the Government at all—to enable it to raise any
means on its own credit, a direct tax and internal duties
were indispensable. The records of the Hoiue of Repre-
sentatives show the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Webster,] then Iresh in his Beat, on the l3t ot July, 1813,
voting against a bdl for the assessment and collection of
direct tavos and internal duties. On the 9th of the same
month, he voted against a bill laying duties on refined
sugars, and on the same div against a bill laying duties on
sales at auction ; on the 10th against a bill lajuig duties on
carnages. On the 7th of January, 1814, one of the darkest
periods of the war, and after our gallant little Navy had
covered itself with glory, he voted against an appropri-
ation for defraying the expenses of the Navy. On the
10th he voted against a proposition more effectually to
detect and punish traitors and spies. On the 14th of jan-
uarv, he voted against a bill making provision to fill the
ranks of the Armv. On the 22d, he voted in a minority of
«even agoinst a bill authorizing the enlistment of troops for
five years, or during the war. On the 25th, against a bill
enforcing the non-importation laws. On the 8th of February,
he voted against a bill to raise five regiments of riflemen.
On the 29th ot March, same year, he voted against the bill
to call forth the militia to exeeate the laws of the Union
and repel invasion. On the 1st of December, same year,
only a few days before the sitting of the Hartford Conven-
tion, he voted against a bill to provide additional revenue
for defraying the expenses of the Government, ami main-
taining the public credit On the 10th of the same month,
h" voted to postpone indefinitely a bill authorizing the
President of the United State  to call upon the sevi-irJ
Sfitp* and Territories for their respective quotas of militia
to defend the frontiers against invasion; and on the 13th
against the same hill. On the 19th ot the same month, he
voted against a bill to provide addition ii revenue ..). Gjv-
eminent, and maintain the public credit; al-o, lie voten
against an appropriation to rebuild t'i's Capitol and the
puní-e olfii ei, after tliev had been destroyed bv the ruthless
hauU of the enemy.'•—From the Ulúbe of Tuesday, July
17, 1832.
