W86.)
.APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
24th Cong...1. 1st Sess.         Abolition of Slavery in the District-~-Mr. James Garlwid.
■ Ha.-Qí Rbps.
the proceeds of slave labor exclusively, cotton,
tobacco, and rice, amounted a few years since to
sixty millions out of eighty millions of dollars,
the whale export; and that exclusive of what is
used in this country. There cannot be more than
two millions of thirteen (the whole population)
employed in it.
I liave denied some charges «gainst the South
merely because they have been so often repeated,
that if not contradicted they might be taken for
admitted. But I deny all right in any to chal-
lenge, question, or meddle with us in our affairs
in that which does not concern them.
Neither do I mean to be construed as an advo-
cate for negro slavery, or any other kind of
slavery in the abstract; only Such as we have and
cannot get clear of. As to the negroes, I should
be willing to get rid of them in any way that is
consistent with humanity and the rights of the
•wners. I am not willing to violate private right,
public right, or common sense and justice, about
it; neither am I willing to see them sacrificed for
my whim or benefit. Self-defense might, and
will, if there be much more interference, instigate
them to acts that will compel us to sacrifice them.
One word more before I resume my seat. I
have much confidence in the good feeling of this
House towards us in this thing; much more than
I had before it was openly agitated here. Yet,
let me appeal to gentlemen byevery tender endear-
ment of peaceful life and security, under the freest
and happiest Government on earth, not to suffer
this thing to be pushed on us by legislative action
or encouragement. "When once we are sure that
you deliberately design to push this on us, we are
friends—we are brothers no longer. Let none
flatter themselves that, when the elements of civil
war and discord are matured for Action in this
nation, they will be secure in some safe and peace-
ful retreat nut removed from slavery and its conse-
quences. When once these elements are put in
motion, (at whatever end of the continent,) then*
desolating lame will rage from one end of the
Confederacy to the other, until we die the death
of all former republics, and are buried in their
family vault, within the arms of despotism. This
Has been the fate of all, and will, I fear, be ours.
Vote.—Toe references and allusions in the foregoing
remarks, in relation to the ancient history of the negro race,
ire made principally from Bridge's Jamaica, Mckenzie's
Jaytt, and Pritc/ttrri-s Researches.
ABOLITION OF SILVERY.
ftEMARKS OF HON. JAS. GARLAND,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the Hoot■ or Rkprcsentatiyes,
January 25, 1836,
In reply to the remarks of Mr. Cushing, of Mas-
sachusetts, on  presenting a  Memorial  from
sundry inhabitants of Massachusetts, for the
Abolition of Slavery and the Slave Trade in the
District of Columbia,
After Mr. Cpshimc concluded his remarks—
Mr. GARLAND rose and said, that he did not
rise to inflict a long speech upon the House, par-
ticularly at this hour of the day—that he would
not discuss the subject of slavery here or else-
where—but he could not permit the ingenious and
specious remarks of the honorable member from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Cushino,] who has just
taken his seat, to go to the public, without an
humble effort, on his part, to parry their effects
by exposing their fallacy. Mr. G. said, that
whenever gentlemen presented these petitions for
interference with the local rights of the people of
the District of Columbia, against their wishes,
their reception was to be secured, by being
wrapped in the extensive folds of the tacred—the
constitutional right of petition.
Mr. G. proposed very briefly to examine thiá
subject, with a view to distinguish between the
constitutional right of petition, and the constitu-
tional obligation of this House to receive petitions
when presented, and to prove that this House
was under no constitutional obligation to receive
petitions, founded in abuse of this sacred right,
and having hi view the ttéverñon 6f the rights of
ofter .   Wfi^j«ntlerxwnfw>ft«h« North iwcBsed
members of the South of disregarding the consti-
tutional right of petition, in voung against the re-
ception of these abolition memorials, they done
them great injustice. No people regarded with
more scrupulous jealousy the right of petition,
legitimately exercised, than the southern people;
but that it was against its abuse they protested;
and it was the invasion of the rights of others,
under color of this sacred principle, they resisted.
Mr. G. said, with due deference to the opinions
of other gentlemen, he had always understood
that the object of the Constitution, in guarantying
the right of petition, was to enable the people, or
any portion of them, to assemble without inter-
ruption or hindrance, and petition for the redress
of any grievance Under which they might labor,
and which was within the reach of the body pe-
titioned. This was the object of the celebrated
magna charta of England; it was the object of
every guarantee of the right of petition in every
age of the world, wherever it has existed. It was
emphatically a right guarantied by the Constitu-
tion to petition for redress of grievances—griev-
ances either public or private, but nothing more.
Mr. G. said, to sustain this position he needed no
other argument than the article of the Constitu-
tion cited by the honorable gentleman himself.
It reads thus: " Congress, shall make no law re-
' specting the establishment of religion, or pro-
' hibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridging
' the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the.
' right of the people peaceab.lt to assemble,
' and to petition the Government for a redress of
' grievances." Can the mind of any man be so
far obnettred, as not at once to perceive that the
object of this article was to secure to the people
the right of assembling and petitioning without
hindrance or molestation, founded upon the right
of all, or any portion of the people to have their
grievances, (tut the grievances of others,) redressed ?
Mr. G. thought not; he thought the article too clear
to need the aid of argument for elucidation. Mr.
G. said, every people knew their own grievances
best,, and he thought it a most extravagant claim
under this article, to assert that it gave the right
to one set of people to interfere with the rights
of another, and that Congress was bound to re-
ceive such petitions, and gravely act upon, them;
the Constitution meant no such absurdity..
Mr. G. would, by offering a few hypothetical
examples, illustrate the absurdity of this extrav-
agant claim under the constitutional right of pe-
tition, broad as it is, and broad as it should be.
The Constitution of our Government was strictly
Federal; that to its action and control were con-
fided particular, specified, defined powers, in
which there was a general and a community of
interest between all the States; but that the do-
mestic rights of the States were under their own
exclusive jurisdiction; and that the Federal Gov-
ernment could, constitutionally, no more interfere
with them than could the Government of France
or England. In the domestic relations of the
States, they are not only independent of the Fed-
eral Government, but of the several State gov-
ernments. Among the several domestic concerns
of the States, over whkh the Federal Govern-
ernment has no jurisdiction whatever, is the in-
stitution of slavery in the slaveholding States^. It
is ah admitted principle, (said Mr. G.) It is a
constitutional guarantee, that the jurisdiction of
the States in which slavery exists is exclusive
over the subject, and that neither the Federal nor
any State government has the right to interfere
with it. This principle being true, as it undoubt-
edly is, he would ask whether the people of any
portion of the State of Massachusetts had the
right to petition Congress to abolish slavery in
the State of Virginia, because the right Of petition
is guarantied by the Constitution, and that Con-
gress is bound to receive their petitions, and
gravely consider the subject-matter of them—a
subject-matter over which there is not only not
delegated any power, but over which their power is
expressly restricted? To what end are they to re-
ceive it? Merely to get a report from a commit-
tee, and a grave decision of this House, that it
has no right to legislate upon this subject? Surely
this is an absurdity, for which no member of
this House will contend. It would be an idle
waste of time.
- Sir, (fot the principle would be prcfCMel? the
same,) suppose these people were to petition Con-
fress to interfere with the domestic relations of
'ranee or England: ought their petitions, or in
other words, would Congress be bound to receive,
and gravely consider the subject-matter of such
petition? Certainly not. Again, suppose they
were to petition Congress to alter the law of de-
scents in Virginia—and they have the same con-
stitutional right to do this, as they have to petition
Congress to abolish slavery in Virginia—will gen-
tlemen say, that Congress would be bound, under
the Constitution, to receive, and gravely consider,
the subject-matter of such a petition ? I humbly
think not. According to the latitudinous views
of the gentleman fromMassachusetts,[Mr. Gush-
ing,] the good people Of Massachusetts have the
constitutional right to petition about everything
and anything, either in Europe, Asia, Africa, or
America; even, Mr. Speaker, that this House
should hang you, for some of what they might
please to call your religious, or political, ormoral
sins; and that the Constitution imposes upon Con-
gress the obligation to receive, and gravely to con-
sider, such petition. When it is seen, that the
right of petition, and the obligation of receiving
and considering such petitions, on the part of Con-
gress, as contended for by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, drives, in practice, to «uch ab-
surdities, (Mr. G. said,) he regarded the position
he had taken proven to be true, that the Consti-
tution intended to give protection to the people,
in petitioning for a redress of their own actual
grievances, and to impose upon Congress the duty
of receiving only sueh petitions as come within'
the sphere of their constitutional power of redress.
Mr. G. hazarded but little in saying, that if this
case could be reversed,and the people of Virginia
were petitioning Congress to compel the State of
Massachusetts, or any other non-slaveholding
State, to establish slavery, that every northern
member would rise in his place, and protest
against the reception of such a petition, as imper-
tinent, obtrusive, and without the legislative juris-
diction of Congress. • The principle is precisely
the same.
• Mr. G. said, if he had succeeded in proving,
as he humbly thought he had, that the Constitu-
tion did not secure to the people of Massachusetts,
or any other Suite, the right to petition for the
abolition of -slavery in Virginia, or for any inter-
ference with any of its acknowledged domestic
rights, or impose on Congress the duty of receiving
and considering such petitions, it only remained
for him to prove that, in relation to the domestic
rights of the people of the District of Columbia,
they were as independent and as foreign to the
people of Massachusetts as were those of Vir-
ginia, and that they had no more right of inter*
ference with the one than the other. That the
cession of the District of Columbia made it incom-
patible with the successful operations of the Fed-
eral Government, and the just protection of the
rights, of the life, liberty, and property of its
citizens, that the States of Maryland and Virginia
should retain the legislative jurisdiction over the
ceded territory; hence it was committed to the
legislative care of Congress. But it never entered
into the heads of those who ceded, nor of those
who accepted the cession, that the people of the
ceded territory, by the cession, lost the protection
of life, liberty, and property, guarantied to the
people of the several States, and which they
enjoyed prior to the cession  and that each was to
be subject to the uncertainty which would neces-
sarily arise out of the •conflicting religious,and
political notions, and discordant interests of the
people of this extended empire. On the contrary,
all supposed, and none can doubt, that they were
left by the cession in the same state of security
which they enjoyed previbus to the cession, and
that they had exchanged" simply*the legislative
jurisdiction of Virginia and Maryland for that of
Congress. He said that the article of the Con-
stitution giving to Congress " exclusive legislative
jurisdiction," was adopted before the cession was
made, and hence could have had no particular
reference to the condition of the District after-
wards ceded, and could not, therefore, abridge
any of the domestic rights of the people of the
District, as they existed at the time of the cession.
But the cession having been accepted with the
s^antnleeioí^teíigliteof property to the people
