1836.}
APPENDIX: TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
34th Cono.... 1st Sess.
j&o**  f Appropriation Bffl~Mr. Caitibreleug.
Ho. oí* Rkp .
constitutional provision could not have bee  in-
tended to apply to the question of slavery, or to
grant any power over it, for it was not certainly
known that the anticipated cession would be made
oy Virginia and Maryland, or any other Blave-
hólding State. Nor could this clause secure the
cession from such restrictions as the State or
States might think proper to impose for the pro-
tection , in relation to their persons or property, of
the citizens inhabiting the territory which should
be ceded. By the Constitution, all power over
slavery is taken from the Federal Government;
and they cannot abolish it without an express
delegation of power to do so. That has not
been given even as regards the District of Co-
lumbia.
But it has been contended, and with rrtuch
plausibility too, that the article of the Constitu-
tion conferring on Congress the power of " sxttw-
sice legislation," embraces tikis subject; because,
by conferring exclusive legislation, gentlemen con-
tend tkmt unlimited tmd mnratricled legislation was
meant.
Mr. G. denied the legitimacy of this conehttion
entirely. He said, the article itself contemplated
• cession from a State or States, and the word ear-
elusive here used, meant the power of legislation
exclusive of the legislative power of the State or
States making the cession, or of any other State.
Exclusive jurisdiction simply means a jurisdic-
tion exclusive of every other jurisdiction; that it
•hall not be concurrent with any other jurisdic-
tion. But the article in question was never in-
tended to convey the idea of a restricted and un-
limited power of legislation. This view Mr. G.
regarded as conclusive, independent of the re-
strictive clauses of the cession acts of Maryland
and Virginia. The power, then, of Congress
over this subject having been, without exception,
restricted as to the whole subject of slavery, the
people of the District of Columbia are as clearly
within the reason of the restriction as they are
entitled to its benefit in common with all the peo-
ple of the slavehoMing States. Take from the
people of the District the protection of the consti-
tutions and laws of the States which ceded it—
take from them the restrictions imposed by the
Constitution of the United States on Federal legis-
lation, and you at once determine that the gov-
ernment of the District is an absolute despotism.
The people have no representation, and will have
■o security against tyranny and oppression,
•ave in the discretion of Congress, a state of things
opposed to the genius of our institutions, and
an inequality which ought not to be tolerated.
If, then, this power cannot be derived from the
Constitution, is it derivable from the cession acts
of Virgin  and Maryland ? Certainly not in
terms. Nor eouM he pereeive a single Word or
sentence in these acts from which such a power
is fairly inferable; on the contrary, the acts are
restrictive, and the circumstances in which-'Vir-
ginia and Maryland were j taeed, being large
■laveholding States, conclusively prove that they
did not intend, by these acts, to confer this
power; fhey conM net have so'much disregarded
their own security" as to have done so. ProAi
whence, then, is this power to be derived ? No-
where, sir, nowhere. But this is not all. These
cessions-were made by the ordinary Legislatures
vf Virginia and Maryland, and they cotrid not
«ant any further powers over the people of the
District than they possessed themselves; they
could not disfranchise this portion of their eit*-
wma, and transfer them, bourid hand and loot
with «multigated chain  of despotism, to any
power Whatever. It will be admitted that they
could not. I then ask, had the ordinary Legis-
lature of Virginia, which made this cession, the
power to abolish sjavery in Virginia? I say, no,
it' had not. I may be asked, where is the restric-
tion ? I answer, in the bill of right* of the people
of Virginia, which restricts and controls the pow-
ers of the Legislature, and in her constitution.
Can it be for a moment seriously contended
that, though the government of Virginia cannot
take from its citizens any portion of their prop-
erty except for public use, and not then with-
out adequate compensation, yet they have the
Tight 1o confiscate or abolish property 1 The idea,
<o me, (said Mr. G.,) fer preposterous.   Slaves
were held as property in Virginia when the bill
of rights and the constitution were both adopted;
and were the subjects, in part, to which the pro-
tective principles of these instruments had refer-
ence. But now it is gravely contended that, in-
stead of protection and security to property, these
instruments admit the unqualified power of its
destruction. This, sir, cannot be so; it is too
absurd for serious refutation. I do notdeny that
the people, by a primary act of sovereignty, may
confer on their ordinary Legislature the power
of abolishing slavery in the State; I only deny
that the Legislature is now clothed  with that
r>wer. With these remarks, referring to what
said on a former occasion, and to the able and
unanswerable arguments of one of the Senators
Of my State in the other House, I forbear any
further remark upon this branch of the subject.
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
has intimated, not intimated, sir, but directly de-
clared, that he and these petitioners will regard the
refusal of this House to receive this petition, and
others of like character, as a violation of their
rights and destructive of their liberties—as anti-
republican. Sir, if the rights and liberties of the
people of Massachusetts depend upon their right
to have petitions received and considered by this
House, officiously seeking to subvert the rights
and liberties ot the Sooth by destroying their
property, and exciting, by their incendiary peti-
tions, southern slaves to insurrection And rebell-
ion, then, indeed, sir, ought their liberties to be
endangered. The liberty Of violeM interference
with the rights of others secured by the Consti-
tution and laws, if they be so, ought not only to
be abridged, but entirely eradicated, as dangerous
In the extreme. But, sir, the gentleman must
excuse us when we refuse to recognize in them a
right Which is actually subversive (not in theory,
hut In practice) of our own liberties, destructive
Of ottr property and our lives.
Mr. O. would ask, however, what liberty has
been invaded; whafright of these petitioners has
been violated.  The right of petítio* > They
have assembled ahd petitioned without interrup-
tion. The freedom of the press ? They have
peases in full Operation. The freedom of de-
bate ? God knows they have debated here and
elsewhere with perfect freedom. The next thing
will be, we must abolish slavery, or the liberties
of the northern people will be endangered. Mr.
Speaker, (said Mr. G.,) I indulge the hope that
f the gentlenian himself and his constituents will
think better upon this subject, and come to more
rational conclusions about liberty.
It has been said by the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Coshing,] that the
refusal of this House to receive these petitions
would give force and efficiency to the efforts of the
Abolitionists, and greatly increase their Strength.
I hope not. But if it were so, hé had only one
thing to say, and that was, that he who for such
insufficient cause would become an Abolitionist,
is aft Abolitionist already at heart, and only waits
a plausible pretext to throw off hit guise, and
enter Upon his work.
Mr. G. said that there were many remarks of
the gentleman which he foreboré to reply to, al-
though susceptible of a Very ready answer, but
would bring his remarks to a close. He said
4hat he himSelf had been the object of Some
peculiar attentions from some of this gentle and
benevolent tribe of Abolitionists. They n'ad trans-
milted him many papers, pamphlets, and a little
O, no doiibt with a view to insult him; but
1 he regarded them, or Whatever they might
say or do, with as little concern as he did the
dust under his feet.
Mr. G. said, that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts had truly said, that the agitation of this
subject had Created a degree of excitement which
endangered the Union itself. Why, then, do
gentlemen, holding this opinion, if they value
the Union as tbey ought to do, and would cherish
free institutions, agitate this subject ? Why do
they not throw themselves into the breach, and
save this holy ark—this ark of safety and of
freedom—this last hope of liberty in the world,
IVom the destroyer's hand? I leave them to
make the answer to their consciences and their
country. One thing 1 will say—not to the northern
people, for in them I have an abiding confidence;
I yet believe that by legal means, and the force
of public opinion, they will frown these dis-
turbers of our peace into the insignificance and
contempt which they merit, but to the Aboli-
tionists. I do not believe their leaders have any
concern about emancipation; but that their main
object is to get up and keep up this excitement,
for selfish purposes. Many of them are clergy-
men, and want agencies and missions, at forty or
ffly dollars a month: some are editors, and wish
to secure profitable patronage for magazines, neics-
papers, Midpamphlets. The others are the deluded
Victims of the treachery of these leaders. But
they may rest assured, that, without force, they
can never effect their object. Whenever they
shall resort to force, they may be assured that
every field over which they march will bleach
with their bones, and every rivulet be crimsoned
with their blood.
LOSS OP APPROPRIATION BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. C. C. CAMBRELENG,
OF NEW YORK,
Is the House or Representatives,
January 27, 1636,
On the following resolution,offered by Mr. Adams,
of Massachusetts:
.Remitted, That so much of the message of tbe President
of the United States to Congress, at the commencement of
the present session, as relates to the failure, at tbe last ses-
sion of Congress, of the bill containing the ordinary ap-
propriations for fortifications, be referred to a select com-
mittee, with instructions to inquire into, and report to the
Hoase the cause and circumstances of the failure of this
bul.
- Mr. CAMBRELENG said, it was not his de-
sign to detain the House long in discussing this
•very grave question of the loss of the appropria-
tion of $3,000,000 for the defense of the coun-
try—the true issue between the two Houses.
•Concerning the bill making ordinary provision
for new fortifications, there was no contest. The
controversy between the Senate and the House
was not about fortifications to be finished, per-
haps in 1840, but aboi$t the $3,000,000 appro-
priation in 1835, for arming forts already com-
pleted, and fbr increasing our nfcvy afloat. The
, inquiry was, who leB <he «country defenseless,
after the message of the President communicating
the correspondence wit  Prance, and after the
xmanhnous resolution oí the House, that the ex-
ecution of the treaty should be insisted on; and
at a crisis, too, when the question of peace or war
depended on the caprice of a Government deny-
ing us justice, and regardless of its faith? That
Was the appropriation to which the attention of
the nation was directed, and ih the fate of which
our national interest and honor were directly in-
volved: that was the only issue now pending be-
tween the two Houses, and on which the country
had already and very justly decided.
He regretted that he was obliged to engage in
an inquiry after lost appropriations, when the time
of the House could be so much more profitably
employed in devising measures for the national
•defense, war or no war: but (said Mr. C ) I am
not at liberty to be silent in this debate: the com-
bined attacks on me in both Houses oblige me to
defend myself. In doing so, I shall be'corrrpellea
to notice some of the statements of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Wisp.J I shall not, Mr.
Speaker, In disettSSing this question, introduce
names; they are of little moment fai any déSate:
not even the illustrious name of the gentleman
from Virginia could add the weight of a feather
to nty argument. You would never tolerate it,
sir and I am sure the House would be astonished:
at my indecorum, were I to designate the gentle-
man as " Mr. Wi«"-and courtesy would cer-
tainly not permit me to call the gentleman other-
wise! No, sir, I hope I shall never be tempted
on any occasion, even by the wild rant of disap-
pointed ambition, to forget my own self-respect,
or my regard for the dignity of this House, so far
as to treat any gentleman with disrespect. In the
present instance, Mr. Speaker, I shall not only
treat the gentleman with the utmost respect, but
even with" tenderness. It would be unkind,
indeed, to treat otherwise the innocent, the unsus-
