54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Loss of Appropriation Bill—Mr. Cambrekng.
Ho. of Reps.
pectin?, the penitent -victim of that stupendous
fraud which the gmtleman fiom Virginia has so
recently discovt red—that stupendous conspiracy ]
which the Piesider-t, >ou,and I,-were plotting
la*t year, to betray the gentleman, undermine our
Constitution, and destroy our Government. No,
sir, it is far, vei v far, from my purpose, to engage
m any parhamentai y tournament with the gen-
tl< man fiom Virginia, but, should lever be forced
into any bin h contest with any gentleman, I hope
it will "be my foitune to encounter some more
formidable antagonist than " Buckingham with
his rash levied strength."
Befoie I proceed, Mr Speaker, to discuss this
question, I must do an act of justice to an honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts. A day or two
since, I announced my intention to notice an
attack made upon me in the National Gazette of
Philadelphia, in March last, founded upon m-
foimation derived, among other sources, "from
Senators of the highest chaiactcr." In that
journal, it was stated that the Vice President
and Secretary of State had advised me to let the
fortification bill die in the House, to prevent the
responsibility of its failure from falling on the
President—a statement which was immediately i
pronounced both by the Secretary of State and
myself to be false, upon whatever authority
founded. And, now, sir, for the origin of this
poor slander. The Vice President and Secretary
of State were in this House, and about leaving
it, when the committee of confeience returned to
it. The Secretary of State, from whom the esti-
mate for the $3,000,000 appropriation had been
received, inquired the result of our conference;
and on learning it, expressed the opinion, in
which I entirely concurred, that $800,000 was a
pitiful appropriation for the defense of a nation.
Not one syllable passed between the Vice Presi-
dent and myself. Sir, there was no secret—no
mystery about the matter; it was in the presence
of the whole House, and every syllable uttered
might have been hemd by every gentleman near.
As chairman of the committee of conferees on the
part of the House, whatever may have been my
opinion as to the inadequacy of the appropriation,
Í should have immediately reported the compro-
mise, but for the obstacles which I shall state in
their proper order. Every gentleman near me,
without reference to party, knew that such was
my intention.
Such was all the foundation for the statement in
the National Gazette. That statement I ascribed
to the Senator from Massachusetts, the authority j
referred to being a Senator of " the highest char- I
acter." I am happy to say, sir, that, since the
last day's debate,! have received the most satis-
factory assurance that that honorable Senator
■was not the authority relied on by the editor, and
1 take far more pleasure in doing justice to that
gentleman than I should have done in defending
myself from the attack. I make the acknowledg-
ment with the greater pleasuie,because, through-
out the remarks of the honorable Senator, he has
not condescended—he has not stooped to notice
this miserable scandal—he has# resigned all the
honor of nourishing and cherishing this poor and
contemptible slander to some unknown Senator,
and to others who have no loftier ambition.
Gentlemen who feel themselves accountable to
the nation foi leaving our country unprepared to
meet any emergency which might have grown
out of our relations with France, have plead their
Utter ignorance of the necessity for any such
preparation, and of any proposition for defense
till the last night of the session. What, sir, is
the notorious history of this appropriation' Our
affairs with France remained in an uncertain atti-
tude till the last days of the session, and this
House suspended its action upon the question,
in the hope that some intelligence would arrive.
None reached us of a pacific character. The
Minister of France had been recalled, passports
had been tendered to our Minister, and he had
been also recalled. Everything wore a belligerent
character. At that crisis, the President, in his
message of the 25th February, communicates, as
soon as it was received, the correspondence with
the French Government, and in conclusion says:
"The subject being now. m all its present aspects before
Congress, wtiose right it is to decide what measures are
to be pursued on that event, (Mr Living-ton's return,) I
de m it unnecessary to make further recommendation,
being confident that on their part everything will be done
to maintain the right  and honor of the country which the
occasion requires "
Thus the Chief Magistrate of the nation sub-
mits this question, at a critical period, to Con-
giess, " confident that on their part everything will
be done to maintain the rights and honor of the coun-
try which the occasion requires " When that
message came to the House on the 26th of Feb-
ruary. I submitted three resolutions, which had
been previously considered by the Committee on
Fortign Affairs.
The third resolution recommended contingent
preparation for any emergency which might grow
out of our relations with France. These resolu-
tions and the President's message were referred
to the committee. The next day the committee
made a report, which contained the following
extract:
" The bill now before the House authorizing the sale of
our stock in the Bank of the United States, would, if adopted,
afford all the revenue necessaiy. The committee l  ot
opinion that the whole, or a part of the fund to be derived
from that «ource, should be appropriated for the purpose of
arming our fortifications, and tor miking the military and
naval preparations for the defense of the country, in case
such expenditure  should become necessary before the next
meeting ot Congress "
The third resolution appended to that report
was, "that contingent preparation ought to be
made to meet any emergency growing out of our
relations with France." That report, and the
resolutions, were adopted by a majority of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and proposed not
merely an appropriation of three millions, but of
the whole proceeds of our stock in the Bank of
the United States, if necessary for the public
defense.
When these resolutions came up the day after,
I stated, that to secure unanimity, I should with-
draw the third resolution, as I intended, when
the Senate's amendments to the fortification bill
should be under consideration, to offer an amend-
ment, appropriating three millions, which I had
learned would be all that was deemed necessary
by the Executive; thus substituting for a mere
declaratory resolution, an actual appropriation
for the defense of the country. Such, sir, is the
published history of this preparation for defense,
about which gentlemen seem to have been so
utterly ignoiant. The President's message, the
report and resolutions of the committee, and the
unanimous resolution of the House to insist on
the execution of the treaty, were before the
world; still, gentlemen were ignorant of the whole
afftur, and waited for estimates from the Depart-
ments, and an executive order. Journals on all
sides were calling on Congress to place the coun-
try in a state of defense—the fire of patriotism
was kindled throughout the land, and lighting
every spot in the Union, save one dark Cham-
ber, into which that light could never penetrate—
there all was midnight.
Other apologies are made to the country, sir—
estimates were not submitted by the Department,
and the form of the amendment was unprece-
dented, unconstitutional, and monstrous. I shall
presently show on what foundation, legislative or
historical, this latter objection rests. As to the
estimate, you will recollect that you, as chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, united
with me in a note to the Secretary of State, in-
quiring what amount would be required, and that
his answer was, $1,000,000 for the Army and
$2,000,000 for the Navy, including fortifications,
ordnance, and increase of Navy. It was upon
that estimate the proposed amendment was
founded. And now, sir, for this formidable
amendment—here it is, sir: "And be it Jurther
1 enacted, That the sum of $3,000,000 be, and the
' same is hereby, appropriated out of any money
' in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
' be expended in whole or in part, under the direc-
' tion of the President of the United States, for
' the military and naval service, including fortifi,-
' cations and ordnance and increase of the Navy;
' provided such expenditures shall be rendered
'necessary for the defense of the country prior
' to the next meetingaf Congress." This infer-
nal machine, which v\as to blow the gentleman
from Virginia, the Constitution, and the Govein-
mentto atoms, was contrived here, sir, in concert
with a former Representative from Vngima, and
a member of the Opposition, a gentleman of the
highest standingfoi ability, honor, and integrity,
and universally esteemed m this House. I mean
a gentleman who was foimerly chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. I drew the sec-
tion and submitted it to him; he proposed an
amendment, and here are the words: "shall be
rendered" in his own handwriting. As origin-
ally drawn if read, "provided lie shall deem such
expenditures necessaiy." As amended by the
gentleman from Virginia, it was "provided such
expenditures shall be rendered necessary." Such,
sir, was the origin of the celebrated section which
startled the Senate and shook the Government to
its foundation.
And what, sir, was the history of this appro-
priate > I proposed it in the House; it was
adopted by a large majority, including some fif-
teen Opposition votes. It was sent to the Senate;
and how did they receive a mere proposition to
put the country in a state of defense, should it
become necessaiy' Was it treated with ordi-
nary respect and referred to a committee' No.
Was it examined in form or substance ' Was
the slightest disposition evinced to make any
contingent provision for defending the country in
case of war? No, sir, no effort was made to
modify the section in form or amount—none
whatever to defend the country. The Senate
seemed outraged at the American spnit of the
House—they appeared to receive it as a if buke
of their resolution to oppose the recommendation
of the President, and to reject every measure
designed " to maintain the lights and honor of
the country." It was not the foim, nor the
objects, nor the amount of the appropnations, it
was the predetermined resolution ot the Senate,
upon a question between this country and a for-
eign Power, to resist the House, the President,
and the country. That was the origin of the
motion to reject the appropriation, and of the
violent and extraordinary movement of that body.
It was rejected. The House insisted on its amend-
ment, and sent the appropriation to the Senate a
second time Had the Senate even at that hour
treated the House with ordinary courtesy, had it
insisted and asked a conference, the bill and the
appropriation, or a part of it, might have been
saved. Contiary, however, to all parliamentary
usage, and animated by a determined spnit of
resistance, that body would not condescend to
ask a conference, but, in the second stage, ad-
hered to its disagreement, and left the bill,appro-
priationand all, to their fate. When the message
was announced, I immediately moved to adhere;
and if this House had done itself justice, the mo-
tion would have prevailed But the motion was
superseded by one to insist and ask a conference.
The House yielded and solicited a conference,
notwithstanding the repeated indignities of the
Senate, and the committee was appointed on the
part of the House.
The committee of conference waited only till
the message was sent to the Senate, and to learn
whether that body had on its part agreed to the
conference, and even of that no official notice
was ever received. In the mean time, the Cum-
berland road bill was on its passage, and two of
the members of the committee voted on it imme-
diately, before leaving the House.
The hour when this committee was appointed
has been much discussed, and gentlemen are ap-
pealing to their recollections. Whatever confi-
dence I may have, sir, in their integrity, they
must pardon me for rejecting their testimony,
resting as it does on their memory of the trans-
actions of that night. I rely on the Journal of
this House, recorded as it is by the Clerk, and
corrected by the Speaker, and on the reports of
our proceedings in the public journals. These
prove unanswerably that the first business of
moment after the appointment of the committee,
was the Cumbeiland road bill, and although that
bill was taken up some mniutes before twelve
o'clock, the yeas and nays occupied some thirty
minutes or more, and it did not finally pass till
after that hour.
But the gentleman from Virginia has made a
new discovery.   The committee, it now seems,
