I830L]
.¿smim/m- %m > pgnorbsskw ai* i q¥w$-
56
24rpf Cono.,.. 1st Sess.                 Z#k of 4gprc^riatim BiU~Mr. Cambrekng.
H^p ) J&ps.
had time to wait till our Clerk could carry the
measure to the Senate, to learn the Senate's agree-
ment to the conference, to meet the conferees in
the other wing of the Capitol, debate and adjust
this most difficult compromise, and return to this
House in time to vote on tlie Cumberland road bill.
To support this new and extraordinary position,
we are gravely referred to our Journal, contain-
ing two pages of proceedings-and what is this
mass of business recorded ? Two reports from
the Committee on Enrolled Bills! occupying
probably two or three minutes, and made un-
doubtedly (for such reports are usually made in
that way, during the last night of tlie session)
while the Cumberland road bill was under con-
sideration. The only other item upon tlie Jour-
nal, and only business intervening between the
appointment of the committee and proceeding to
the consideration of the Cumberland road bill,
was the concurrence of the House to a Senate's
amendment to a military bill. The gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. HdbbardT and my*
self left the House as soon as we had recorded
our votes against the Cumberland road. But,
sir, this question is settled by the journals of the
day, and even by the Journal of this House.
However it may suit the purposes of gentlemen
to take new ground, they cannot destroy the
record of the proceedings of that night. I then
stated, in the presence of all the members of the
committee of conference, and of the members
present, what appears upon the face of our own
Journal, " that from the vote on the resolution
'granting compensation to Robert P. Letcher,
which teas decided at the time the committee returned
into the Htntsc,from the conference," «fee. The
arguments of gentlemen can never .destroy the
•«cord.
I will now ask the Clerk to read the proceed-
ings of the House from the time of the appoint-
ment of the committee; till its return, as reported
for the National Intelligencer. The name of Mr.
Hcbsakd is accidentally omitted as a member of
ihe committee.
The Clerk then read from the Intelligencer a
ong account of the proceedings, from which the
following are extracts:
" The motion to ask • conference was «reed toj and
Uaasro. Cmasm.s o and Lewie were appointed the com-
mittee of conference on tbc part of the House.
"Mr. Ha «din asked if the House was not virtually dis-
torted fey the expiration of the term for which this Congress
ires elected ?
" The Cutis said it «at not a question in order, and. the
tTbair could not decide it.
"The Cumberland road fciH was taken dp and read a
third time.
"Mi. MeKiT moved that • aaeaeage be sent to the other
Bouse, loibnuina theui that una House, having, completed
Os bn-mess, is cow ready to adjourn.
" The Cm  said the motion was oat in order,-fhe qués-
«on twins; os> toe passage «f the kill.
" The Clerk proceeded to take the yeas and pay  on the
eassage of the bill <p continue and repast the Cumberland
mad; and
" Mr. Oiun, when Hs name was called, rase and
■aid, be considered that be bad no right to vote, the tern
*x which be was elected having expired at twelve o'elpc It j
bis night, and be therefore declined voting."
After the passage of the Cumberland road bill,
the report givea an account of a desultory con-
versation between the Chair and various mem-
oen, «a the constitutional dissolution of the
- ouse^ motion  t« adjourn, &c., &c.
The falk>wing a  farther extracts front the
report:   •
" Several members addressed the Chair"
* Mr. Cut said die motion to extend the judiciary sys-
Ma was Ike bassneas next in ncder."               ¡ ■■
" Twenty member* addressed to* Chair at ¿be-aa<ne time,
the Chair in vain attempting to preserve order."   .
"The confusion in the House increasing,
"TheCtfiic called upon members to assist hta la pre-
serving order and decorum."     -
" Attength,
"Mr. J. Y. Masok said, as the House was about to
separate, hie hoped they' Would render an act of simple jus-
tice to one of it  members by passing the resolution to pay
the Hob. Henear P. Litcher hi* compensation for the
last ijiiun. He moved a suspension oi the rule in order
to take up tlie resolution.
"The motion was agreed to, and the resolution proposing
to direct payment to Mr. Letcher, for attendance at the
last session, wax read.
" Mr. Vakderpoei* moved to strike out the preamble;
which was asreed to.
*' The question being on the motion of Mr. E. M. Johk-
•** to amend the resolasjon by embracing Ihe name of
Tuomaj P. Moou.             •.
" Mr. Wilde moved the previous question ; which was
teeonded—69 to 65.
" The main question was ordered, (on agreeing to pay
Mr. Ijtcbkr,) and was taken by yeas aad nays; when
there appeared—yeas 113, nays 3 ¡ Beveral members refusing
to vote, thouzh present, on the ground that It was past
twelve o'clock.
" No quorum voting, the resolution was lost."
Gentlemen certainly cannot object to their own
witness, particularly as the evidence here ex-
tracted from the Intelligencer was published after
the first attack appeared in that journal, charging
the House with the loss of the fortification hill,
and almost in the very language of a recent attack
made in the Senate.
Such, Mr- Speaker, is the record of our pro-
ceedings as reported for the Intelligencer. The
very first question noticed in that report, after the
committee was appointed,is the Cumberland road
| bill. And on the return of the committee, what
was the condition of the House ? The Chair call-
ing upon members to assist him in preserving
order and decorum—the gentleman from Virginia
rising and making an appeal to a House " which
was about lo sepárale," even before the return of
the committee. And yet, air, we hear gentlemen
who would sacrifice tlie interest of oar country
because the words " army" and " navy" are in-
serted in an amendment—who are alarmed at the
slightest deviation from the most rigid constitu-
tional forms, denouncing a chairman of a commit-
tee for not reporting an<l submitting an appropria-
tion of $800,000 at one in the morning (for it was
near that before the vote waa announced on the
Letcher resolution) to the fragment of a quorum
of a dissolved body, in which the Speaker was
not able to preserve order and decorum! Sir, it
was at bo Unte practicable to make the report
after the committee returned from the conference.
I returned to the {louse just in time to record my
vote in favor of the resolution to pay Mr. Letch-
er. It waa five-and-twenty minutes after that
before the. result was announced, and it was
known that up quorum had voted. The question
actually before the House then was: Whether a
quorum could be obtained for the purpose of pass-
ing the resolution to pay Mr. Letcher. Had a
quorum beep obtained, the question would have
: been on that resolution; and, sir, had ten fortifi-
cation bills been read y to be reported, the friends
of Mr. Letcher never would have given way at
that hour of the night. But no quorum was ever
obtained from that time till the adjournment of
the House, and the only motion in order was a
motion to adjourn. The motion was made by
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Jarvis,] and
the yeas and nays were again ordered. I voted
against adjournment, still anxious to obtain a
quorum, but no quorum voted. Thus, sir, was
another,five-and-twenty minutes exhausted. An-
other struggle commenced foe a quorum to pass
the resolution to pay Mr. .Letcher. Tellers
were appointed to count the House; the Speaker
was requested to ascertain whether there was a
quorum present. ■ Sir, it is impossible to describe
¿lie scene. . At length, abandoning all hopes of
obtaining a quorum, the- House prepared a second
time to adjourn.,/ A gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Johvsov] waa permitted to report a mere
resolution of inquiry of the War Department; tlie
gentleman from Florida.[Mr. White] to lay on
the table a copy of an act of that Territory; and
the Speaker asked leave to dispose of the com-
munications upon his table. On a motion to phut
the last of these, .which was " A letter from the
Postmaster General, vindicating himself from as-
persions," &c, there was no quorum voting, and
a  the Journal states, the letter " was not further
acted on." Sir, this business preparatory to ad-
journment was all that was done after the passage
of the Cumberland road bill till the adjournment
of ¡the House at about three o 'clock in the morn-
ing. , Not one dollar was voted, no amendment
oftfhe Senate waa agreed to, and no act of any
description was passed after the passage of the
Cumberland road hill. Nothing was done but to
hear reports from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, and to .send and receive messages to and
from the Senate and the President.
Ihave been charged,Mr. Speaker, withanother
unpardonable offense. Although I objected to
measures to compel others to vote after twelve
o 'clock, yet 1 voted myself on every question after
that hour, and even against the motion to adjourn.
Sir, the gentleman from Virginia might have gone
back for fifteen years and found my name record-
1 ed on every question till the hour of adjournment.
1 I believe that our constitutional term does expire
at twelve o'clock; but I have had no scruples
about remaining and attending totheclosing forms
of this body, and even of voting for laws, in cases
of indispensable necessity. If there is any offense
in this, sir, I have no apology but in the universal
usage of all legislative bodies; and I believe that
\ my opinion and my practice has been tlie opinion
and practice of a majority of every Congress
elected since tlie adoption of our Constitution.
Whether after the hour of twelve we have a
quorum or not, depends entirely upon the number
of members who choose voluntarily to remain in
session.
The gentleman makes another grave charge—
that we had the power to command a quorum,
and that the bul was lost by an intrigue of the
•friends of the Administration on this floor, who
declined voting. Sir, I deny, utterly deny, that
the refusal to vote was a party measure, or that
tlie want of a quorum had any reference whatever
to the fortification bill or the three million appro-
priation." Was the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Hardin,] who first inquired "if the House
was not virtually dissolved,?' a friend of the Ad-
ministration ? Was the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Gilmer,] who declme'd voting on the Cum-
berland road bill, a friend of the Administration ?
Was another gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Jones,] who moved an adjournment while the
conferees were still in session, a friend of the Ad-
ministration ? Did these gentlemen intrigue to
destroy a quorum on the fortification bill to pre-
vent it from reaching the President, to shield him
from responsibility ? Sir, the question of aquorum
liad nothing whatever to do with the fortifica-
tion bill. The struggle commenced on the Cum-
berland road bill; it was, continued by members
of both parties on the judiciary bill. Forty mem-
bers had retired after the passage of the Cumber-
land road bill, and before the resolution to pay
Mr. Letcher was called up, the number was re-
duced from 174 to 134. It was the struggle be-
tween the friends of Mr. JvETCHERand Mr. Moore
which destroyed the quorum. Subsequent to
that, no quorum could pe obtained even on amo-
tion to print'the Postmaster General's letter vin-
dicating himself. As well might it be said that
the want of a quorum on that proposition was
owing to an intrigue among the friends of the Ad-
ministration !
Mr. Speaker, it was after that vote had been
taken on printing the Postmaster General's let-
ter—after the Speaker had disposed of the busi-
ness on his table, preparatory to adjournment,
and with a perfect knowledge on the part of he
Senate, that the House had been more than one
hour in vain struggling for a quorum, and that
they were making final preparations for adjourn-
ment—it was, sir, under such circumstances,
and at two in the morning, the following extraor-
dinary resolution was received from the Senate
of the United States:
" Resahed, That a meisaje be sent to the honorable the
House of Representatives, re-peetfully to remind the House
of the report of the committee of conference appointed
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houes, on the amend
meat of the Houde to the amendment of tbo Senate to the
bill redacting the fortifications of the Uuited States."
When that message was read, sir, 1 stated
what 1 npw. repeat, that when I came into the
House from the fonference, the Clerk was call-
ing the yea  and nays on the resolution to pay
Mr. LtTUW ) oa which there was no quorum;
that oh * subsequent proposition to adjourn, the
yeas and nays were called, and again there was
no quorum. Under such circumstances, I did
not feel authorized to present to the House
an appropriation of $800,000. That the House
had discharged its duty to the country by twice
voting an appropriation of (^3,000*000 far its
defense, which the Senate had twice rejected;
that the bill was evidently lost, and tlie Senate
must take the responsibility of leaving the coun-
try defenseless; that it was no longer in the
power of the House to compel members to vote,
to call them here, orto command a quorum; that
I did not feel authorized to report the bill, aitu-
/
