68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
[January 28,
24th Cong....1st. Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Grundy.
Senate.
the Treasury but in consequence of appropria- |
tions made by law." The manner of making the
appropriations is left to Congress. How far they
shall be general or specific is tobe determined by
the House of Representatives and Senate, at the
time they are passing acts making the appro-
priations. The right to appropriate money for
constitutional purposes or objects being given to
Congress, and that instrument (I mean the Con-
stitution) being silent as to the mode or manner
of making the appropriation, it follows that the
department of the Government to which is con-
fided the right to appropriate, must exercise its
discretion and judgment as to the mode or man-
ner of making them; and whether the mode be
as general as that practiced under the two first
administrations, or as specific as the practice rec-
ommended and introduced by Mr. Jefferson, in
neither case is the Constitution violated. To
secure a rightful application of the publicmoney,
and a strict accountability in the officers disburs-
ing it, were the motives which induced Mr. Jef-
ferson to recommend that specific appropriations
should be made. This was wise and salutary,
and gave rise to the practice that now generally
prevails.
I now proceed to show that a greater latitude
of discretion was vested in General Washing-
ton by the act of the 20th of March, 1794, than
was proposed by this $3,000,000 appropriation.
That act provides, "that the sum of $1,000,000,
• in addition to the provision heretofore made, be
• appropriated to defray any expenses which may
' be incurred in relation to the intercourse between
' the United States and foreign nations, to be paid
' out of any moneys which may be in the Treasury
• not otherwise appropriated, and to be applied
' under the direction of the President of the United
•States,who is hereby authorized to borrow the
• whole, or any part of the said sum of $1,000,000,
• an account of the expenditures whereof, as soon
•as may be, shall be laid before Congress."
Here, $1,000,000 was placed entirely at the dis-
cretion and " under the direction of the President
of the United States;" and 1 would ask gentlemen,
for what specific object or purpose was this appro-
priation made? The act declares that it is " to de-
' fray any expenses which may be incurred in rela-
■ tion to the intercourse between the United States
'and foreign nations." All the nations of the
earth, civilized and savage, are laid open to the
President as atheater for his operations. There is
Tío limitation or restriction imposed upon his dis-
cretion. He was to select the nations with whom
the intercourse was to take place, and the pur-
poses and mode of expenditure. All this dis-
cretionary power was vested in the President by
the Congress of 1794, and sanctioned by General
Washington himself, by his approval of the act.
1 am aware that it may be said, that more discre-
tion must be confided to the Chief Magistrate in
iis intercourse with foreign nations than is proper
tn our domestic concerns. This is true in most
rases in point of policy and expediency, but the
Constitution makes no difference. I therefore
/eel authorized in saying, that the proposed
$3,000,000 appropriation would not have been
unconstitutional, unless the Congress of 1794
and General Washington violated the Constitu-
tion in the passage of the act containing the ap-
propriation I have read.
In 1806, during the administration of Mr. Jef-
ferson, who has been justly styled the great
apostle of civil liberty, an act passed, and received
his sanction, conferring on him greater and
broader discretionary .powers than were con-
tained in the proposition for the $3,000,000 ap-
propriation. The act of 1806 provides: " That a
' sum of $2,000,000 be, and the same is hereby,
' appropriated towards defraying any extraordi-
' nary expenses which may be incurred in the
' intercourse between the United States and for-
' eign nations, to be paid out of any money in the
'Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and to be
'applied under the direction of the President of
' the United States, M'ho shall cause an account
' to be laid before Congress as Soon as may be."
It should be recollected that our intercourse
with foreign nations is carried on by the Execu-
tive branch of the Government, and, by this act,
$2,000,000 are placed in the hands of Mr. Jeffer-
son, then President of the United States, to cover
any extraordinary expenses which he might, in
the exercise of his discretion, create in our inter-
course, not with any particular nation or nations,
designated by Congress, but with the whole world;
and this sum of $2,000,000 is placed in the hands
of the Executive, over and above the sum required
for the ordinary and established intercourse then
existing between the United States and foreign
nations. Let us compare the proposed appro-
priation of $3,000,000 with the act I have just
read.
The proposed appropriation reads as follows:
" That the sum of $3,000,000 be, and the same
' is hereby, appropriated out of any money in
' the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be
' expended, in whole or in part, under the direc-
' tion of the President of the United States, for
' the military and naval service, including fortifi-
' cations, ordnance, and increase of the Navy:
' Provided, Such expenditures shall be rendered
' necessary for the defense of the country prior
' to the next meeting of Congress."
The appropriation made by the act of 1806 was
absolute and unconditional. The proposed ap-
propriation of $3,000,000 was conditional, and
to depend upon the happening of the contingency,
that " the expenditures shall be rendered neces-
sary for the defense of the country prior to the
next meeting of Congress." In that event, and
in no other, could the President of the United
States use one dollar of the money. The neces-
sity contemplated by the proviso could only have
arisen upon Prance committing acts of hostility,
or assuming such an attitude as must, in the
opinion of the President, have inevitably led to
war. By the act of 1806, there is nothing defi-
nite or specific. By the proposed appropriation,
the objects upon which the money was to be ex-
pended are enumerated and specified. By an act
| of April, 1806, Mr. Jefferson was authorized to
1 exercise, without specification of object, an un-
limited control over one hundred thousand mili-
tia of the United States and $2,000,000. The
first section of that act declares, " That the Presi-
' dent of the United States be, and he is hereby,
' authorized, at such time as he may deem neces-
' sary,to require of the Executive of the several
* States to take effectual measures to organize,
'arm, and equip, according to law, and Hold in
' readiness to march at a moment's warning, their
' respective proportions of one hundred thousand
' militia, officers to be included; to be apportioned
' by the President of the United States, by the
« militia returns of last year, in cases where such
' returns were made; and in cases where such re-
' turns were not made the last year, by such other
' data as he shall judge equitable." The fifth sec-
tion provides, " That the President of the United
' States be, and he is hereby, authorized to call
' into active service any part or the whole of said
' detachment when he shall judge the exigencies
1 of the United States require it; if a part of the
' said detachment only shall be called into active
«service, they shall be taken from such part
I ' thereof as the President, in his discretion, shall
I ' deem most proper."
I The sixth section is, " That $2,000,000 be, and
! ' are hereby, appropriated out of any money in
i • the Treasury, not otherwise appropriated, for
' the pay and subsistence of such part of said
' detachment as may be called into service." By
this act a hundred thousand militia are to be
raised at the discretion of the President, and
$2,000,000 are appropriated for their pay and
subsistence; and this is all to be done when he
shall judge the exigencies of the United States
require it. This act expired by its own limita-
tion, at the end of two years, and was reénacted
on the 30th of March, 1808.
Having shown satisfactorily, as I trust, that
no violation of the Constitution was involved in
the proposed appropriation, nor any departure
from the legislative usages of the country, and
that more discretion has been vested in former
Presidents of the United States, the next inquiry
is, did such a state of things exist as to justify
the appropriation ?
The French Government owed a debt of
;5,000,000 to citizens of the United States, which
y solemn treaty it had stipulated to pay. It had
paid no part of it. This Government had prompt-
ly and in good faith performed every stipulation
on its part, and still delay and procrastination
were practiced by the French Goicrnment. A
majority in the Chamber of Deputies hud at a
preceding session actually rejected an appropria-
tion of the money. The Senate of the United
States had resolved that no legislative measure
should be adopted at the last session; but the
Committee on Foreign Relations, ivho recom-
mended the adoption of the resolution, in their
report fully concur with the President of the
United States when he remarks in his message,
that " the idea of acquiescing in the refusal "of
' the execution of the treaty will not for a mo-
' ment be entertained by any branch of the Amcr-
' ican Government. The United States can never
' abandon the pursuit of claims founded on the
' most aggravated wrongs."
The House of Representatives had adopted a
resolution declaring that the fulfillment of the
treaty would be insisted on. The French Gov-
ernment had recalled its Minister; and the Pres-
ident of the United States had directed our Min-
ister to return to this country, in case the
appropriation was not made by the Chamber of
Deputies at its then session.
By his message to Congress of the 26th of
February, he communicated all the facts within
his knowledge, and submitted to them what meas-
ures were proper to be adopted, in the following
language:
" It will be seen that 1 have deemed it my duty to instruct
Mr. Livingston to quit France with Ills legation, and return
to the United States, if an appropriation lor the fulfillment
of the convention shall be refused by the Chambers. The
! subject b-nng now in all its present aspects before Congress,
I whose right it is to decide what measures ought to be pur-
sued on that event, I deem it unnecessary to make further
recommendation, being confident that, on their part, every-
thing will be done to maintain the rights and honor of the
country which the occasion requires."
From the message, it is evident that the Pn si-
dent wished and expected Congress would adopt
such measures as it might deem proper, to meet
any contingency which might occur. To place the
country in a position to defend itself, would have
been a measure of prudence, and at the same
time could have given no cause of umbrage what-
ever to France. Had the President, by his mes-
sage, recommended these preparations, and as-
signed to Congress as a reason for so doing the
Erobability of a rupture or hostilities, the sensi-
ilities of that Government would have been
more excited than they were by his annual com-
munication. In this posture of affairs, was it
not reasonable to entertain apprehensions that
| France might adopt measures which would re-
quire this country to defend itself? In that view
of the subject, the $3,000,000 appropriation
should have been made; and the supposition is
not unreasonable that the repeated denunciations
which we had heard against executive power
and patronage, combined with that distrust which
some gentlemen entertained in the present Chief
Magistrate, contributed mainly to its defeat; al-
though gentlemen might not have been conscious
of the influences operating upon them. It is true,
that in general, appropriations for the defense of
the country should be specific, and founded on
estimates previously made by the executive De-
partments of the Government. It is impossible
that members of Congress can so well under-
stand the various provisions that should be made
for the defense of the country, as that branch of
the Government which has the subject of our
national defense under its particular care and
management; but in this case there was no op-
portunity, after our relations with France were
fully understood, to make the necessary esti-
mates, and ssbmit them to the consideration of
Congress. And therefore it was, that the ap-
propriation of $3,000,000 was proposed, and the
President was left to exercise his judgment how
much of the $3,000,000 was to be applied to
each of the different objects specified. There
was no other practicable way by which addi-
tional means could be provided to defi nd the
country in the event of the approach of danger.
When it is recollected that Congress was about
to adjourn by the termination of its constitu-
tional existence, and that it could not be con-
vened at an early day, by reason of the election
