1836.}                                   APPEffDl& TO TIBBCOWG^^SiON^^tj©^                                         61
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense.—Mr. Buchanan.
3 N,U .
climax, it has been proclaimed, that the passage
of such an appropriation would be virtually to
create a dictator, and to surrender the power of
the purse and the sword into the hands of the
President.
I voted for that appropriation under the highest
convictions of public duty; and I now intend to
defend that vote against all these charges.
In examining the circumstances which not only
justified this appropriation, but rendered it abso-
lutely necessary, I am forced into the discussion
of the French question. Wo have been told that,
if we should go to war with France, we are the
authors of that war. The Senator from New Jer-
sey has declared that it will be produced by the
boastful vanity of one man, the. petulance of
another, and the fitful violence of a third. It
would Dot be difficult to conjecture who are the
individuals to whom the Senator alludes.
He has also informed us that, in the event of
such a war, the guilt which must rest somewhere
will be tremendous.
Now, sir, I shall undertake to prove, that
scarcely as example exists in history of a power-
ful and independent nation having suffered such
wrongs and indignities as we have done from
France, with so much patience and forbearance.
If France should now resort to arms—if our de-
fenseless sea-coast should be plundered—if the
blood of our citizens should be shed—the respon-
sibility of the Senate, to use the language of the
gentleman, will be tremendous. I shell not fol-
low the example of the Senator, and say, their
guilt; because that would be to attribute to them
an «vil intention, which I believe did not exist.
In discussing this subjec*, I shall first present
to the view of the Senate the precise attitude of
the two nations towards each other when the
appropriation of $3,000,000 was refused, and
then examine the reasons which have been urged
to justify this refusal. After having done so, I
shall exhibit our relations with France as they
exist at the present moment, for the purpose of
proving that we ought now to adopt the resolu-
tions of the gentleman from Missouri, and grant
all necessary appropriations for the defense of
the country.
In discussing this subject, it is not my inten-
tion to follow the fortification but either into the
chamber of the committee of conference, or into
the Hall of the House of Representatives. It is
not my purpose to explain the confusion which
then existed, and which always must exist after
midnight, on the last evening of the session. I
shall contend that the Senate ought to have voted
the $3,000,000; that the fortification bill ought
to have passed the Senate with this amendment;
and that, therefore, the Senate is responsible not
only for die loss of this appropriation, but for,
that of the entire bill.
What, then, wa  the attitude in which we
stood towards France at the moment when the
Senate rejected this appropriation for the defense
of the country? What, at that moment, was
known, or ought to have been known, in regard
to this question by every Senator on this floor?
The justice of our claims upon France are now
admitted by all mankind. Our generosity was
equal to their justice. When she was crushed in
the dust by Europe in arms—when her cities
were garrisoned by a foreign foe—when her in-
dependence was trampled under foot, we refused
to urge our claim. This was due to our ancient
ally. It was due to our grateful remembrance of
the days of other years. The testimony of La
Fayette conclusively establishes this fact. In the
Chamber of Deputies, on the 13th of June, 1833,
he declared thatws had refused to unite with the
enemies of France in urging our claims in 1314
and 1815; and that, if we had done so, these
claims would then have been settled. This cir-
cumstance will constitute one of the brightest
pages of our history.
Was the sum secured to our injured fellow-
citizens by the treaty of the 4th of July, 1831,
more than they had aright to demand? Let the
report of our Committee on Foreign Relations,
at the last session, answer this question. They
concur entirely with the President in the state-
ment he had made in bis message, that it was ab-
solutely certain the indemnity fell far short of the
actual amount of our just claims, independently
of damages and interest forthe detention; and that
it was well known at the time that, in this re-
spect, the settlement involved a sacrifice. But
there is now no longer room for any conjecture
or doubt upon this subject. The commissioners
under the treaty have closed their labors. From
the very nature of their constitution, it became
the interest of every claimant to reduce the other
claims as much as possible, so that his own div-
dend might thus be increased. After a laborious
and patient investigation, the claims which have
been allowed by the commissioners, amount to
$9,352,193 47. Each claimant will receive but
little more than half his principal at the end of a
quarter of a century,after losing all the interest.
Why, then) has this treaty remained without
execution on the part of France, until this day?
Our Committee on Foreign Relations, at the last
session, declared their conviction that the King
of France " had invariably, on all suitable oc-
' casions, manifested an anxious desire  faithfully
'and honestly, to fulfill the engagements con-
'tracted under his authority and his name."
They say, that " the opposiuon to the execution
' of the treaty, and the payment of our j ust claims,
' does not proceed from the King's Government,
'but from a majority in the Chamber of Deputies."
Now, air, it is my purpose to contest this opin-
ion, and to show, as I think I can conclusivelyv
that it is not a just inference from the facts.
And here, to prevent all possible misconstruc-
tion, either on this side, or on the other side of
the Atlantic, if by any accident my humble re-
marks should ever travel to such a distance, per-
mit me to say that I am solely responsible for
them myself. These opinions were in a great
degree formed whilst I was in a foreign land, and
were there freely expressed upon all suitable oc-
casions. I was then beyond the sphere of party
influence, and felt only as an American citizen.
Is it not then manifest, to use the language of
Mr. Livingston in his note to the Count de Rigny
of the 3d of August, 1834, that the French Gov-
ernment have never appreciated the importance of
the subject *t its just value ? There are two
modes in- which the King could have manifested
this anxious desire faithfully to fulfill the treaty.
These are—by words and by actions. When a
man's words and his actions correspond, you
have the highest evidence of his sincerity. Even
then he may be a hypocrite in the eyes of that
Being before whom the fountains of human action
are unveiled. But, when a man's words and his
actions are at variance—when he promises and
does not perform or even attempt to perform—
when "he speaks the word of promise to the ear
and breaks it to the hope"—the whole world will
at once pronounce him insincere. If this be true
in the transactions of common' life, with how
much more force does it apply to the intercourse
between diplomatists? The deoeitfulness of
diplomacy has become almost a proverb. In
Europe, the talent of overreaching gives a Min-
ister the $tay of diplomatic skill. The French
school has been distinguished in this art. To
prove it, I need only mention the name of Talley-
rand. The American school teaches far different
lessons. On this our success has, in a great de-
gree, depended. The skillful diplomatists of Eu-
rope are foiled by the downright honesty and
directness of purpose which have characterized
all our -negotiations.
Even the established forms of diplomacy con-
tain much unmeaning language, which is per-
fectly understood by everybody, and deceives
nobody. If ministers have avowed their sincer-
ity, and their ardent desire to execute the treaty,
to deny them on our part would be insulting, and
might lead to the most unpleasant consequences.
Iii forming an estimate of their intentions, there-
fore, every wise man will regard their actions,
rather than their words. By their deeds shall
they be known. Let us, then, test the French
Government by this touchstone of truth.
The ratifications of the treaty qf the 4th of July,
1831, were exchanged at Washington on the 2d
of February, 1832. When this treaty arrived at
Paris, the French Chambers were in session, and
they continued in session for several weeks-
They did not adjourn until the 19th of April. No
time more propitious for presenting this treaty to
the Chambers could have been selected than that
very moment. Europe then was, as I believe it
still is, one vast magazine of gunpowder. It was
generally believed that the Polish revolution was
the spark which would produce the explosion.
There was imminent danger of a continental war,
in which France, to preserve her existence, would
have to put forth all her energies. Russia, Prus-
sia, and Austria were armed and ready for the
battle. It was, then, the clear policy of France
to be at a good understanding with the United
States. If it had been the ardent desire of the
King's Government to carry into effect the stip-
ulations of the treaty, they would have presented
it to the Chambers before their adjournment.
This would undoubtedly have been the course
pursued by any President of the United States,
under similar circumstances. But the treaty was
not presented.
I freely admit that this omission, standing by
itself, might be explained by the near approach
of the adjournment at the time the treaty arrived
from Washington. It is one important link,
however, in the chain of circumstances, which
cannot be omitted.
The Government of the United States proceed-
ed immediately to execute their part of the treaty.
By the act of the 13th of July  1832, the duties
on French wines were reduced according to its
terms, to take effect from the day of the exchange
of ratifications. At the same session, the Con-
gress of the United States, impelled, no doubt,
by their kindly feelings towards France, which
had been roused into action by what they believed
to be a final and equitable settlement of all our dis-
putes, voluntarily reduced the duty upon silkd
coming from this side of the Cape of Good Hopo
to five per cent., whilst those from beyond were
fixed at ten per cent. And at the next session,
on the 2d of March, 1833, this duty of five peí
cent, was taken off altogether, and ever since
French silks have been admitted into our country
freo of duty. There is now, in fact, a discrimi-
nation duty often per cent, in their favor, ovel
silks from beyond the Cape of Good Hope.
What has France gained by these measures \r
duties on her wines and her silks, which she
Would otherwise have been bound to pay? 1
have called upon the Secretary of the Treasury,
for the purpose of ascertaining the amount. I
how hold in my hand a tabular statement, pre-
pared at my request, which shows, that had the
duties remained what they were at the date of the
ratification of the treaty, these articles, since that
time, would have paid into the Treasury on the
30th of September, 1834, the sum of $3,061,525.
Judging from the large importations which have
since been made, I feel no hesitation in declaring
it as my opinion, that, at the present moment,
these duties Would amount to more than the
whole indemnity whicfy France has engaged to
our fellow-citizens. Before the conclusion of the
tea years mentioned in the treaty, she will have
been freed from the payment of duties to an
amount considerably above twelve million dollars.
By the same act of the 13th of July, 1S32, a
Board of Commissioners was established to re-
ceive, examine, and decide the claims of our citi-
zens under the treaty, who were to meet on the
first day of the following August. This act also
directed the Secretary of the Treasury to cause
the several installments, with the interest thereon,
payable to the United States hi virtue of the con-
vention, to be received'from the French Govern-
ment and transferred to the United State* in slich
manner a* hé may deem best. In this respect
-the provisions of the act correspond with the
terms .of the treaty, which prescribe that the
money shall be paid into the hands of such per-
son or persons as shall be authorized to receive
it by the Government of the United States.
Were the French Government immediately in-
formed of all these proceedings? Who can doubt
it? Certainly no one at all acquainted with the
vigilance and zeal of their diplomatic agents.
The 19th of November, 1832, the day for the
meeting of the Chambers, «t length arrived.
Every American was anxious to know what the
King would say in his speech concerning the
treaty.   No one could doubt but that he would
í
