1830.)     *.
APPENDIX TO THBC0NOKE33IONAIÍ GEOBE./
63
24th Ct>NG....lsr Sess.
National Defaist->~Mk Buchanan*
¿utaiifc.
a treaty from Congress, requiring an appropria- I
tion, for fourteen months after it had been duly \
ratified, and had thus forfeited the national faith
to a foreign Government, what would have been
the consequence? Sir, he ought to have been, he
would have been impeached. No circumstances
could ever have justified such conduct in the eyes
of the American Congress or the American people.
After all the provocation which the President
had received, as the representative of his country,
what was his conduct? It might have been sup-
posed that this violent man, as the Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. SoirrHaan] has designated him,
would at once have recommended decisive meas-
ures. Judging from his energy,—from his well*'
known devotion to tHe intarfests of his country)—
and above all, from his famous declaration to ask
nothing ftora foreign nations but what was right,:
and to ««bruit < to nothing wrong, F should, have
expected from him an indignant message at the-
commencement of the next session of Congress.
Instead of that* the message of December, 1833,
in relation to French affairs, is bf the mildest
character. It breathes a spirit of confident hope
that our ancient ally would' do us justice during
the next session of the Chamber . H  exposi-
tion of this subject is concluded by the following
declaration :
"A  «Ms «abject iavorn  important interests; and bas
attracted a considerable abate oí the pabue aueatros, I
bare deemed it proper to make this explicit statement of
its actual condition: and should I be disappointed in the
hope now entertained, the subject will be again brougnr to
me notes of Congress as sack a manner as uw occasion
may require."
And thus) ends the first act of this astonishing
historical drama.. Throughout, the whole of it,
beginning, middle, and end, the French <3overn-
meat, and'not the French Chambers, were ex-'
dusively to blame. ■          .
We have now arrived a* the mission of Mr.
Livingsta*. He reached Bans,id. September,
1833. The Duke, de Brogue assured him " that:
' the King's Government weald Willingly  and
' without hesitation, promise to direct the delib-
' eratioas of the Chambers to the projtt it roi rel-
' alive to the execution bf the -convention of July
* 4,1831, on the day after the Chajhbe  is eonsti-
' tuted, and to employ every means to secure the*
' happy conclusion of an affair, the final determ--
* iaatron of which the-United States cannot desire
* moreardentiy than ourseire*.'' After this assur-
ance, arad after ail (hat had passed, it was eonfi--
dently expected that the King would, in strong-
terms, have recommended the adoptions 0 the ap-
propriation by the Chambers. In this we w>re>
again doomed to -disappointment. In- hisopening
speech, he made no direct sjliasioh to the subject.
He simply saya, that " the financial laws, and
those required tor .the execution of treaties, will
be presented to you.'7
Thei bill was presented; and debated, and -finally
rejected by the Chamber of Deputies on the lot
day of April, 1834, by a vote of 176.tb 168. It is
not any present purpose t  dwell upon the canse
of this rejection. No'doubt the principal one was,'
that the Kreheh Ministers'were surprised near the"
conclusion of the debate, add were unable at the
moment to show that the captures at St. Sebas-'
tian were not included in our treaty with Spain.
I am sorry they were not better prepared upon
this point; but I attribute to them no blante oh"
that account.
It has been urged over and overagain, both on
this floor and elsewhere, that the rejection of the
treaty was occasioned by the publication in Mrisl
country of Mr. Rives1-* letter to Mr. Livingston,"
of the 8th July, 1831. Is this the fact? If «'be
so, it ought to be known to the-World. If ií Ve
not, both the character of this Government add
of Mr. Rives should be rescued from the impu-
tation. What is the opinion expressed in this
letter ? Is it that the American claimants would"
obtain, under the treaty, more than the amount
of their just claims? No such thing. Is it that
they would obtain the amount of their just claimd
with interest? Not even this. The negotiator
merely expresses the opinion that they would
receive e^ery cent of the principal. He does not
allege that they would receive one cent of interest
for a delay of nearly a quarter of a century. This
opinion is evidently founded upon that expressed
by Mr. Gallatin, in a dispatch dated on the 14th
of January, 1823, cited by Mr. Rives, in which
the former expresses his behef that $5,000,000
would satisfy all our just claims. It ought to be
observed that the sum stipulated to ba paid by
the treaty is only twenty-five millions of francs,
or about $4,700,000; and that more than nine
years had elapsed between the date of Mr. Gat-
latin's dispatch and the signing, of the treaty.
These facts all.appear oh the face of the letter,
with the additional -foot, that the statements of the
claimants, winch have from' Ume to time been
presented to Congress, carry the amount of the
, chums much higher. The statements, however,
Mr. Rives did not beheve were a safe guide.
| This m the'amount of thei letter, when fairly
analysed, which, it is alleged, destroyed' the
treaty before' the French Chambers.. If a copy
of- it had beeta placed in the hands of every Dep-
uty, it could not possibly have produced any such
effect.                                       i    •
That it did not occasion the rejection of the
treaty is absolutely certain, i have examined
the whole debate for the purpose of discovering'
any allusion to this letter, but-1 have examined
it in vain. Not the slightest trate of the letter
can be'detected in any of the numerous speeches
delivered on that occasion. The topics of Oppo-
sition were various, and several of them of a
strange character, but the letter is not even once
alluded to throughout the whole debate. ' If its
existence -were known at the time in the French
Chambers, the letter, Written by a- Minister to
his own Government, expressing a favorable
opinion of the result of hisown negotiations, was
a document of a character so natural, so much to
be expected, that not one Deputy in opposition
to the treaty believed it to be of sufficient im-
portance even to merit a'parsing- notice. Still, I
have often thought it 'strange'it had never been
mentioned in the debate. The mystery is now
revealed. The truth is, this letter, which is al-
leged to Have produced -such fatal effects,-was
entirely unknown to the members of the French
Chamber when they rejected the treaty. This
fact is weH established by a letter from Mr. Jay,
the chairman of the committee appointed by the
Chamber of Deputies'«o investigate our claims,'
addressed to Mr. Gibbes, and'dated'at'Paris) on
the 24th of January, 1835.    I shall read it:          I
, Ettract of a tetter fioitt Mr. Jen) to Mr. OaWt-, dated £Vlk
of Jatoartf, 1835.                             >
""ft is asserted-In ore American prints that the rejection
! of the Amanean tf«aty by the Chamber of Deputies, at
I their last session, was chiefly owing to tba publicanon of a
I letter from Mr Rjves to his own Government.   This is an
error which justice to that distinguished statesman, and a
sense of Ins unremitting exertions to promote the interests'
of hw Government wmJe he*e, «tdu&ed me formally to con-
tradict.   Ño such evidence appears in the debates; and in
none of my conversations with the members, have I ever
heard «9 letter állé*fcrf as the'motive for disputing the
amount doe. I mart] question, jadeed, if any ttüror Deputy'
tha^ ,reyselC ever #ead«A«leuej alluded-to."    .   ,
• We> have now arrived «t that point fof time
when áí majority-, af the! French Chamber arrayed'
themaeMe* atgasmt the treaty. This decision "was
made on. the 4at- of April, 1834.'! Some appre-
hension* then prevailed among the King and his
Ministers. The business was now becoming"
serious. Newassurances had now become necei-'
sary to prevent the President from presenting tHe
whole transaction to Congress, which they knew
would still be in session, when the ünforttiatio 
of the rejection Would reaeh thtr United States.
In his annual message at the commencement' of
the session, ¡twill be recollected, he had declared
that, should he be disappointed in the'hope-then
entertained) he would again bring the subject be-
fore Congress in such a manner as the occasion'
might require. They knew that he wsww «la 
who performed his promises, and a greftt effort
was to be made to induce him to change hie par-'
pose. '
Accordingly, a Frenen brig of war, the Cui"
rassier, is fitted out with dispatches to Mr. Set"
rurier. They reached him on the 3d of June.
On the 4th fie has an interview with Mr. Mc-
Lane, and makes explanations which the latter
very properly requests may be reduced-to writing.
In compliance with this request the French Min*
ister, on the 5th, addresses a note to Mr/Me-'
Lane. AfterexpressmgtheregretsoftheFreiK*
Government at the rejections of the bill, he ases
the following language: "The King's Govern-
' ment, sir, after this rejection, the object of so
' much painful disappointment to both Govern-
'ments, has deliberated, and its unanimous de-
' termination has been to make an appeal from
' the first vote of the present Chamber to the
' next Chamber, and to appear before the new
' Legislature with its treaty and its bill in hand.
"It flatter  itself that the light already thrown
'upon this serious question, during these first
' debates, and the expression of the public wishes
' becoming each day more clear and distinct, and
'finally, a more mature examination, will have,
' ill the mean Ume, modified the minds of persons,
«and that its own conviction will become the
' conv'ictib* of the Chambers. The King's Qov-
' etnmenty str, will make every loyal and consti-
' tutiondl effort to that effect, and will do all that
' its persevering persuasion of > the justice and of
' the mutual advantage* of the treaty authorize
• yow to expect from it. Its intention, moreover,
'is to do all that our constitution allows; to
' hasten, as much as possible, the period of the
' new presentation of the rejected law.
'•Such, air,' are the sentiments, such the in-
' tentiens of his Majesty's Government. I think
' I may rely that, on its part, the Government of
' the [Republic will avoid, with foreseeing solici-
' tode/in this transitory state of things, «11 that
' might ibecome a cause of fresh irritation between
' the twot eourttries, compromit the treaty, and
'raise up an obstacle, perhaps insurmountable,
'to the'views of reconciliation and harmony
'which animate the King's council."
Now, sir, examine this letter, even without
any reference to the answer of Mr. MeLane,
and can there be a doubt as to its true construc-
tion r 'If was not merely the disposition, but
" it was the intention of the King's Government
' tk do all that their Constitution allows; to hasten,
'as much-as passible, the period of the new pre-
« sentatron of the rejected law." The President
knew that under'the Constitution of France the
King could at any time convoke the Chambers
upon three weeks' notice. It was in his power,
therefore, to > present this law to th¡e Chamber*
whenever he thought proper. The promise was
to haste this presentation as much' as possible.
Without anything further, the President had a
right confidently to expect that the'Chambers
would be- convoked in season to enable him to'
present their decision to the 'Congress of the
United States m his next annual message. The
assurance was 'made on the 5th of June, and
Congress did not assemble until the beginning of
December. But the letter bf'Mr. ^MeLane, of
the 27th of June, removes all possible doubt
from this subject. ' He informs Mr. Serrurier
that, " the President is still Unable to understand
'the causes which 'led to the result of the pro-
'needing' in the Chamber, especially when he
' recollected the assurances which "had so often
'■been made by the King and hi  Ministers, e'f
 «¿heir-earnest desire to carry the «onvention into
"effect, and the support whuih the Chamber had"
'afforded in all the other measures proposed by'
'the King." And again:
~ « The assYtraMcétrwhich 41." Serrurier's letter
«-contains of ÜieTsdherewSe df the King's lGov~
'-emiwent to" the treaty', of its' unanimous de-
"terintoiatiort to appeal from th  deeNsoh Of the
• present to tnvtttW'Chambef, ttndW cehVfctóprr
•'that tfre'pubfiel wish a*d á MatWre examination
• of the subject wt  lead *o nfavoraMe1 result, «Hid
«"its-lntelitioft to make every constitutional effort
"to thnreffeet; and, finally,'its intention to do all
Hhát the Constitution allows ttf hasten the pre-
«seutatlan Of the hew law", have all %een fully
teofieidéTed by the President. • ■   •
«« Though1 funyrBeneible"of the high responsi-
• WKty which he owes to the Anierican people in
• a matte* teaching so nearly the national honor,
"the President, still trusting to the good faith and
' justice of France, willing to manifest a spirit of
' forbearance so long as it may be consistent with
«the rights and dignity of Kis, country, and truly
'desiring to preserve those relations of friendship
'which, commencing in our struggle far mde-
«pendente, form the iruf-paliey of both nations,
« and aineerely resptseimg the King's wishes, will
