1836}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Rational Defense—-Mu Buchanan.
3*i|*ig.
to menace France, or to obtain from her fears |
what would be denied by her sense of justice ? j
The President, in this very message, expressly I
disclaims such on idea.    Her history places her
for above any such imputation.    The wonder is,
how she could have ever supposed the President,
against his own solemn declaration, intended to
do her any such injustice.    She ought to have
considered it ns it was, a mere executive recom-
mendation to Congress, not intended for her at
all—not  to operate upon their fears, but upon
their deliberations in deciding whether any and
what measures had been adopted to secure the
execution of the treaty.    But on this object I
shall say more hereafter.
We have now arrived at the special message of
the President to Congress of the 26th of February
last; a document which has a most important
bearing on the appropriation of the (3,000,000
which was rejected by the Senate. I have given
this historical sketch of our controversy with
France for the purpose of bringing Senators to
the very point of time, and to the precise condi-
tion of this question, when the Senate negatived
that appropriation.
What had Congress done in relation to the
French question when this message was pre-
sented-to us? Nothing, sir, nothing. The Sen-
ate had unanimously passed a resolution on the
loth of January, that it was inexpedient, at
present, to adopt any legislative measure in re-
gard to the state of affairs between the United
States and France. This unanimity was ob-
tained by two considerations. The one was,
that the French Chambers had convened, though
not for the purpose of acting upon our treaty, on
the 1st, instead of the 29th of December, a fact
unknown to the President at the date of his mes-
sage. The other, that this circumstance afforded
a reasonable ground of hope that we might learn
their final determination before the close of our
session on the 3d of March. But whatever may
have been the causes, the Senate had determined
that, for the present, nothing should be done.
In the House of Representatives, at the date
of the special message on the 26th of February,
no measure whatever had been adopted. The
President had just cause to believe that the senti-
ments contained in his message to Congress, at
the commencement of their session, were not in
unison with the feelings of either branch of the
Legislature. He, therefore, determined to lay all
the information in his possession before Con-
gress, and leave it for them to decide whether
tny or what measures should be adopted for the
Jétense of the country. I shall read this passage,
t is as follows:
" I transmit to Congress a report from the
Secretary of State, with copies of all the letters
' received from Mr, Livingston since the message
- to the House of Representatives of the 6th in-
' stant, of the instructions given to that Minister,
'and of all the late correspondence with the
' French Government in Pans, or in Washing'
* ton, except a note of Mr. Serrurier, which, for
J reasons stated in the report, is not now comí
' municated.
. "It will be seen that I havedeemed it my duty
' to instruct Mr. Livingston to quit France with
' his legation, and return to the United States, if
' an appropriation for the fulfillment of .the con-
' vention shall be refused by the Chambers.
" The subject being now, in «11 its present as*
* pects, before Congress, whose right it is to de-
' side what measures are to be pursued on that
' event  I deem it unnecessary to make further
' recommendation, being: confident that, on their
' part, everything will be done to maintain the
' rights ana honor of the country which the occa-
sion requires."
The President leaves the whole question to
C ongress. What was the information then corn-
il mucated? Thatavery high state of excitement
é usted against us in France. That the French.
Minister had been recalled from this country; an
act which is generally the immediate precursor
of hostilities between nations. Besides, Mr. Liv-
ingston, who was a competent judge and on the
spot, with the best means of knowledge, informed
bis Government, that he would not be surprised,
should the law b< rejected, if they anticipated our
No. 5
reprisals by the seizure of our vessels in port, or
the attack of our ships in the Mediterranean by
a superior force. Such were his apprehensions
upon this subject that he felt it to be his duty,
without delay, to inform Commodore Patterson
of the state of things, so that he might be upon
his guard.
Ought these apprehensions of Mr. Livingston
to have been discouraged? Let the history of
that gallant people answer this question. How
often has the injustice of their cause been con-
cealed from their own view, by the dazzling bril-
liancy of some grand and striking exploit? Glory
is their passion, and their great Emperor, who
knew them best, often acted upon this principle,
> To anticipate their enemy, and commence the
. war with some bold stroke, would be in perfect
accordance with their character.
Every Senator, when he voted upon the appro-
priation, must have known, or at least might nave
known, all the information which was contained
in the documents accompanying the President's
p message.
,     It has been objected, that if the President de-
i sired this appropriation of 43,000,000, he ought
, to have recommended it in his message.    I pro-
! test against this principle.   He acted wisely, dis-
, creetly, and with a becoming respect for Con-
gress, to leave the whole question to their decision.
This was especially proper, as he had not thought
proper to adopt any measure in relation to the
! subject.
Suppose the President had, in his special mes-
sage, recommended this ■ appropriation, what
would have been said, and justly said, upon the
subject? Denunciations the most eloquent would
hare resounded against him throughout the whole
country from Georgia to Maine. It would bare
everywhere been proclaimed as a  act of Execu-
tive dictation. In our then existing relations with
France, it would have been said, and said with
much force, that such a recommendation from the
. Executive might have had a tendency to exasper-
' ate her people, and produce wax. Besides, I
i shall never consent to adopt the principie, that we
| ought to take no measures to defend the country
without the recommendation of the Executive.
This would be to submit to that very dictation;
against which, on other occasions, gentlemen
themselves have so loudly protested. No, sir, I
shall always assert the perfect right of Congress
to act upon such subjects, independently of an y
Executive recommendation.
This special message was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, in the House of
Representatives, on the 26th of February. On
the next day they reported three resolutions, one
of which was, " that contingent preparations
ought to be made to meet any emergency grow
ing out of our relations with France.      The see-
ing
sion was rapidly drawing to a close. But a few
days of it then remained. It would have been
yarn to act upon this .resolution. . It was a mere
abstraction. Had it been adopted, it could have
produced no effect; the money was wanted to
place the country in a state of defense, and not
a mere opinion that it ought to be granted. The
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
therefore, on the 28th of February, nad this.res-
olution laid upon the table, and gave notice that
he would move an amendment to the fortification
biHf appropriating .$3,000,000, $1,000,000 to the
Army, and £2,000,<WO to the Navy, to provide for
the contingent defense of the country.
It has been urged that, because the President,
in his last annual message, has said that this
contingent appropriation was inserted according
to his views, some blame attaches to him from
the mode of its introduction. • Without pre-
tending to know the fact, I will venture the asser-
tion, that he never requested any*, member, either
of this or the other branch of the Legislature, to
make such a motion. He had taken his stand—
he had left the whole subject to Congress. From
this he never departed. If the chairman of any
committee,.or any other member of the Senate or
the House, called upon him to know his views
upon the subject, he no doubt communicated
them freely and frankly. This is his nature.
Surely no blame can attach to him for having
expressed his opinion upon thja subject  any
member who might ask it.   It has been the uni-
form course pursued on such occasions.
On the 2d of March, the House of Representa-
tives, by a unanimous vote, resolved that, in their
opinion, the treaty with France, of the 4th July,
1834, should be maintained, and its execution
insisted on. This was no party vote. It was
dictated by a common American feeling, which
rose superior to party. After this solemn decla-
ration of the House, made in the face of the
world, how could it be supposed they would ad-
journ without endeavoring to place the country
in an attitude of defense ? What, sir ! the Rep
resentatives of the people, with an overflowing
Treasury, to leave the country naked and ex-
posed to hostile invasion, and to make no pro-
vision for our Navy, after having declared unani-
mously that the treaty should be maintained I
Who could have supposed it ?.
On the 3d of March, upon the motion of the
chairman of the Committee -on Foreign Rela-
tions, [Mr. Cambreleng,] and in pursuance of
the notice which he had given on the 28th of
February, this appropriation of $3,000,000 was
annexed as an amendment to the fortification
bill. The vote upon the question was 109 in the
affirmative and 77 in the negative. This vote,
although not unanimous, like the former, was no
party vote. The bill, thus amended, was brought
to the Senate. Now, sir, let me ask, if this ap-
propriation had proceeded from the House alone,
without any message or any suggestion from the
Executive, would not this have been a legitimate
source ?   Ought such an appropriation to be op-
Sosed in the Senate, because k had not received
executive sanction ? Have the Representatives
of the people no right to originate a bill for the
defense and security of their constituents, and
their country, without first consulting the will
of the President? For one, I shall never submit
to any such slavish principle. It would make
the Executive everything,and Congress nothing.
Had the indemnity been absolutely rejected by
the Chambers, the two nations would have been
?laced in a state of defiance towards each other,
n Such a condition it was the right, nay more, .
it was the imperative duty, of the House of Rep-
resentatives to make contingent preparation for
the worst. The «rgeacy e* the case was still
more striking, because, in ten or claren, of the
States, Representatives could not be elected until
months after the adjournment, and therefore Con-
gress could not have been assembled to meet any
emergency which might occur.
But, sir, does it require a recommendation of
the Executive, or a vote of the House of Rep-
resentatives, to originate such an appropriation ?
Any individual Senator, or member of the House,
may do it with the strictest propriety. Did the
Senator from Delaware [Mr; Ciatton} ask the
approbation of the President, before he mado the
motion at the last session, which does him so much
lienor, to increase the appropriation for fortifica-
tions, $500,000? How did the amendments pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Webster] to the fortification bill of the last ses-
sion originate ? I presume from the Committee on
Finance, of which he was the ehairman. No
doubt he conferred with the head of the proper
executive Department, according to the custom
in such cases; but still these appropriations of
more than $400,000 had their origin tn that com.
ntittee. It was a proper legitimate source.* Is,
then, die ancient practice tobe changed, and must
it become a stapdiog íule that we are to appro-
priate no money without the orders or the ex-
pressed wish of the Executive ?   I trust not.
The form of this appropriation has been ob-
jected to.   I shall read its
«AM hi Ufwnh.tr tmadtei, That the snm of *3,OflO,000
be, a * to* «¿me is hereby, appropriated out of «nymoney
in the Treasury nototherwfee appropriated, tobe «pended,
ÜÍ wlioleor iii part, «wder the direction of the President
of the United States, for the military and naval service, in-
eluding fortifications and orlnance, and increase of the
Navy: Proviiei, Such eKpeaditures «hall be rendered
necessary for the defense of the country, pnor to the next
meeting of Congress."
It has been urged that to grant the money in
such general term  would have been a notation
of the Constitution. I do not understand that
the Senator frontMassacausstts, {Mr.WmwK, J
