1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6?
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
passed this appropriation of (3,000,000, that |
bill would not have oeen a law. Where it died, i
it is scarcely necessary to inquire. It was in
morlal agony when the consultation of six polit-
ical doctors was held upon it at midnight in our
conference chamber, and it probably breathed its
last on its way from that chamber to the House
of Representatives for want of a quorum in that
body.
Its fete, in one respect, I hope may yet be of
service to the country. It ought to admonish us,
if possible, to do all our legislative business before
midnight on the last day of the session. I never
shall forget the night I sat side by side in the
House of Representatives with the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster.,] until the morn-
ing had nearly dawned. The most important
bills were continually returning from the Senate
with amendments. It would nave been in the
power of any one member remaining in the House
to have defeated any measure by merely asking
for a division. This would have showed that no
quorum was present. The members who still
remained were worn down and exhausted, and
were thus rendered incapable of attending to their
duties. It was legislation without deliberation.
I trust that this evil may be now corrected.
Should it not, I do not kno'7 that, at the conclu-
sion of a,Congress, my conscience would be so
tender as to prevent me from voting, as I have
done heretofore, after midnight on 3d of March.
I have one other point to discuss. I shall now
proceed to present to the Senate the state of our
relations with France, at the present moment, for
the purpose of proving that we ought to adopt
the resolutions of the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] and grant all appropriations ne-
cessary for the defense of the country. For this
purpose we must again return to Paris. The
President'8 annual message, of December, 1834,
arrived in that city on the 8th of January—a day
propitious in our annals. The attack upon the
British troops on the night of the 23d December
did not surprise them more than this message
did the French Ministers. After the most patient
endurance of wrongs for so many years, they
seemed to be astounded that the President should
have asserted our rights in such a bold and manly
manner. That measure, sir, will eventually pro-
luce the payment of the indemnity. What
effect had it upon the character of our country
abroad? Let Mr. Livingston answer this ques-
tion ? In writing to the Secretary of State, on
the 11th of January, 1835, he says: " It has
'certainly raised us in the estimation of other
' Powers, if I may judge from the demeanor of
'their representatives here; and my opinion is,
1 that as soon as the first excitement subsides, it
'will operate favorably on the councils of
' France." There was notan American in Paris
on that day, who, upon the perusal of this mes-
sage, did not feel the flush of honest pride of
country mantling in his countenance.
On the 23d of November previous, Mr. Liv-.
ingston was convinced that the King was sincere
in his intention of urging the execution of the
treaty, and then had no doubt of the sincerity
of his Cabinet. The Chamber assembled on
the 1st of December; and, after an arduous
struggle of two days against the opposition, vic-
tcry perched upon the banner of the Ministers.
They were thus securely seated in their places.
On the 6th of December, Mr. Livingston again
writes, that " the conversations I have had with
' the King and all the Ministers, convince me that
«.tow they are perfectly in earnest, and united oñ
' :he question of the treaty, and that it will be
' irged with zeal and ability." Inafew short days,
however, a change came over their spirit. On
the 22d of December, Mr. Livingston uses the fol-
lowing language, in writing to the Department of
State: " My last dispatch (6th of December) was
' written immediately after the vote of the Cham-
'ber of Deputies had, as it was thought, secured
'a majority to the administration; and it natur-
' ally excited hopes which that supposition was
•calculated to inspire. I soon found, however,
* both from the tone of the Administration press
' and from the language of the King, and all the
1 Ministers with whom I conferred on the sub-
' jeet, that they were not willing to put their popu-
' larity to the test on our question; it will not be
' made one on the determination of which the
' Ministers are willing to risk their portfolios. The
* very next day after the debate, the Ministerial
« gazette (DtsDehats) declared that, satisfied with
' the approbation the Chamber had given to their
' system, it was at perfect liberty to exercise its
'discretion as to particular measures, which do
* not form an tsstntialpart of that system; and the
I ' communications I subsequently had with the
' King and the Ministers confirmed me in the
i * opinion that the law for executing our conven-
' tion was to be considered as one of those free
* questions. I combated this opinion, and asked
' whether the faithful observance of treaties was
' not an essential part of their system; and, if so,
' whether it did not come within their rule?"
The observance of treaties was not an essential
part of their system!   Victorious and securely
fixed, the Ministers would not risk their place, in
attempting to obtain from the Chambers the ap-
propriation required to carry our treaty into exe-
cution.   It would not be made a Cabinet question.
It is evident they had determined to pursue the
i same course of delay and procrastination which
j they had previously pursued.    But the message
1 arrived, and it roused them from their apathy.
i All doubts which had existed upon the subject of
making the payment of our indemnity a Cabinet
question, at  once  vanished.    We have  never
heard of any such since; and it was not until some
months after, that the French Ministers thought
of annexing any condition to this payment.
On the 13th of January, Mr. Livingston had a
conference with the Count de Rigny.    He then
explained to him the nature of a message from
our President to Congress.    He compared it to a
family council under the French law, and showed
that it was amere communication from one branch
of our Government to another, with which a for-
eign nation had no right to interfere, and at which
they ought not to take offense.   They parted on
friendly terms, and again met, on the same teems,
I in the  evening, at the Austrian embassador's.
Mr. Livingston was, therefore, much astonished
i when, about ten o 'clock at night of the same day,
, he received a note from the Count, informing him.
i that Mr.Serrurier,the French Minister at Wash-
ington, had been recalled, and that his passports
were at his service.   This seems to have been a
sudden determination of the French Cabinet.
Now, sir, upon the presumption that France
had been insulted by the message, this was the
proper mode of resenting the insult. Promptly
to suspend all diplomatic intercourse with the
nation who had menaced her or questioned her
honor, was a mode of redress worthy of her high
and chivalrous character. The next impulse of
wounded pride would be promptly to pay the
debt which she owed, and release herself from
every pecuniary obligation to the nation which
had done her this wrong. These were the first
determinations of the King's Ministers,
France has since been placed before the world
by her rulers in the most false position ever oc-
cupied by a brave and gallant nation. She be-
lieves herfelf to be insulted, and what is the
consequence? She refuses to pay a debt now
admitted to be just by all' the branches of her
Government. Her wounded feelings are estima-
ted by dollars and cents; and she withholds
25,000,000f., due -to a foreign nation, to soothe
her injured pride. How are the mighty fallen !
Truly it may be said, the days of chivalry are
gone. Have the pride and the genius of Napo-
leon left no traces of themselves under the con-
stitutional monarchy? In private life, if you are
insulted by an individual to whom you are
indebted, what is the first impulse of a. man of
honor? To owe iro pecuniary obligation to the
man who has wounded your feelings—to pay hims
the debt instantly, and to demand reparation for
the insult, or, at the least, to hold,no friendly
communication with him afterwards*
This course the King's Ministers had, at first,
determined to pursue. The reason whty they
abandoned it, I shall endeavor to explain here-
after.
Mr. Livingston, in his letter to Mr. Forsyth.
<Sf the 14tb January, 1835, says: "Hús law, it
rii said, will be presented to day, and I T>ave
' very little doubt that it will pass. The minis-
'tenal phalanx, reinforced by those of the oppo-
' sition, (and they are not a few,) who will not
' take the responsibility of involving the country
1 in the difficulties which they now see must ensue,
'will be sufficient to carry the vote."
Did Mr. Livingston intend to say that France
would be terrified into this measure ? By no
means. But, in the intercourse between inde-
pendent States, there is a point at which diplo-
macy must end, and when a nation must either
abandon her rights, or determine to assert them
by the sword, or by such strong and decided
measures as may eventually lead to hostilities.
When this point is reached,it becomes a serious
and alarming crisis for those to whom, on earth,
the destiny of nations is intrusted. When the one
alternative is war. either immediate or prospect-
ive, with all the miseries which follow in its train,
and the other the payment of a just debt to an
ancient ally and firm friend, who could doubt
what must be the decision ? Such was the position
in which France stood towards the United States.
Not only justice, but policy required the payment
of the debt. In the event of war, or of a non-
intercourse between the two nations, her wine-
growers, her producers and manufacturers of silk,
and all her other manufacturing interests, espe-
cially those of her southern provinces, would be
vitally injured. The payment of $5,000,000 would
be but a drop in the ocean, compared with the
extent of their sufferings. In France, they then
believed that the time for diplomacy—the time for
procrastination had ended. The President's mes-
sage had opened their eyes to the importance of
the subject. It was under this impression that
Mr. Livingston predicted that the bill would pass
the Chambers. That it would have done so,
without any condition, had Congress responded
to the President's message, I do not say by author-
izing reprisals, but by manifesting a decided res-
olution to insist upon the execution of the treaty,
will, I think, appear abundantly evident Tiere-
after.
The French Ministry having manifested their
sensibility to the supposed insult, by recalling
Mr. Serrurier, proceeded immediately to present
the bill for the execution of the treaty to the
Chambers. In presenting it on the 15th January,.
Mr. Humann, the Ministei of Finance, addressed
the Chamber. His speech contains the views,
then entertained by the French Cabinet, r„shall
read an extract from it.    He says:
" General Jackson has been in error respecting
' the extent of the faculties conferred upon us by
'the Constitution of the State; but if he has been
' mistaken as to the laws of our country, we will
' not fall into the same error with regard to the
'institutions of the United States. Now, the
' spirit and letter of those institutions authorize
'us to regard the document abovenamed, „[the
* message,] as the expression of an opinion merely
•" personal, so long as that opinion has not received.
' the sanction of the other two branches of the
'American Government. The message is a prov-,
'"ernment act, wliich is still incomplete, And,
'"should not lead to any of those determinations.
*\vhich France is in the habit of taking in reply
'to a threat or an insult."
The French Ministry, at that tjme, considered
the President's message merely his personal act,
until it should receive the.sanction of Congress.
They, then, had not dreamt of requiting an ex-
planation of it, as the only condition on which
they wouldjjay the money. This was an after-
thought. The bill presented by Mr: Humann
merely prescribed that the payment should not
be made " until it shall have been ascertained
¡Chat the Government of the United States has
dpne nothing to injure the interests of France.
TJlis bill was immediately referred to a commit-
tee of which Mr. Dumon was the chairman.
On'the 28th of March, he reported it to the
Chamber, with a provision, that the money
should not be paid, if .the .Government of the
United States shall have done anything "con-
trary to the dignity and interests of France.
Still we hear nothing of an explanation of the
message being made a condition of the payment
of the money! The clauses in the bill to which
I have adverted, were evidently inserted to meet
