72
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
The great object of the gentleman on the other
side of the House seemed to be to inculpate those
who voted on the appropriation bill for fortifica-
tions at the last session. Ht was willing to be
tried on that charge. He would not, as the gen-
tleman from North Carolina had done, say, coram
ncn iiidice, -when arraigned on it even here. He
would not plead to the jurisdiction.
Liv lookm? into the public prints, the gentle-
men on the other side of the House would find
that the), too, had been airaigned at the last
session The whole Senate had been charged
with having dodged the question. The gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benton] and the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] though
seldom arraigned on the same charge, had been
accused together, and so have all others who
voted on our resolutions of the 14th January last.
These gentlemen, he supposed, had not been
accustomed to the chaige of dodging, whatever
other faults had been imputed to them. He re-
ferred to the resolution of the 14th of January,
1835, that " no legislative provision was then
necessary in relation to ouraffaira with France."
A member of the other House from Massachu-
setts had then said that the Senate had dodged
the question, but soon after had also declared
that if he had been a member of this body he
would have dodged it himself.
Mr. C. then read an extract from a newspaper,
in which the Senate were charged with a want of
due and patriotic sensibility to the wrongs in-
flicted on the country by France because of their
resolutions. (It was an extract from a late
speech.) He was satisfied that on the 14th of
January no legislative pro\ ísion was necessary,
and it was then not pretended by any member of
this body that the $3,000,000 appropriation was
necessary for any exigence then existing and
arising out of the state of our relations with any
foreign country. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Buchanan] misconceived the opinion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr
Webster,] in regard to the constitutionality of
that appropriation. He (Mr. C ) was prepared
to prove that it was unconstitutional. In doing
so, however, he did not intend to impugn the
motives of those gentlemen who had voted for it.
He would undertake to show that the gentleman
himself was in fault, and, in retaliation for his
charges against himself and his friends, felt justi-
fied in accusing htm and his political associates
with givingan unconstitutional vote. He begged
leave to know of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Buchinan,] if the proposition had
been to vote the $3,000,000 to mil, naval, and
military purposes, whether it would have been
unconstitutional'    He would pause for a reply.
Mr. BUCHANAN said, he did not consider
himself bound to declare any opinion beyond the
one before expressed, he would therefore decline
answering the question put to him by the gentle-
man from Delavv are.
Mr. CLAYTON resumed. The gentleman,
then, declines to answer the question. He knows
well it is the part of prudence to do so. He ( V] i
C.) would be willing to give him till another day
to answer it. He (Mr. C ) contended that an
appropriation of $3,000,000 for civil, naval, and
military purposes, was manifestly unconstitu-
tional. By such an appropriation (said he) you
surrender all power over the Treasury to the Ex-
ecutive, to designate the objects upon which it
shall be expended at pleasure. The most sacred
trust confided to Congress, for the most sacred
purpose, would thus be surrendered to the Ex-
ecutive. The gentleman from Pennsylvania had
a' right to decline giving an opinion, and he (Mr.
C.) claimed no right to catechise, but he would
like to see which horn of the dilemma, presented
by the question, he would not choose to take.
Establish a precedent (said Mr. C.) by voting
such an appropriation, and there is an end to all
that is valuable in the Constitution to the nation.
In demonstrating the unconstitutionality of the
$3,000,000 amendment, he relied on the provis-
ions in the Constitution, that Congress alone
shall raise an army, and provide and maintain a
navy. But give the power conferred by the
amendment against which he had voted, to the
President, (said he,) and he could bestow every
dollar of it upon the navy, or use it for raising an
army, a principle hostile to that sacred instru-
ment, and destructive of the first principle of rep-
resentative Government. The friends of the Ad-
ministration in this body, he supposed, had as
little reason to believe that this proposition was
coming here on the last night of the last session as
we, and had, therefore, voted hastily and without
much time for reflection, and in the House they
had voted under a hasty excitement. If a bomb-
shell had been thrown on the floor of the Sen-
ate, and exploded among them, it could scarcely
have been more unexpected, or produced greater
consternation in this body It was in vain to at-
tempt to sustain that vote by looking into prece-
dents. Mr. C. here recurred to the precedent
that had been cited by the Senator from Tennes-
see [Mr. Grundy] and others, to show that they
were all, to a certain degree, of a specific charac-
ter. He would now ask the gentlemen if they
had not, by voting an appropriation without spe-
cification of object, abandoned one of the great
principles laid down by that statesman, of whose
principles they profess to be the exclusive follow-
ers, Thomas Jefferson' That appropriation, for
which they had voted, was for the $3,000,000
for naval and military defense, including fortifica-
tions and ordnance. If but one dollar was ap-
plied to fortifications and ordnance, the whole
of the rest of the appropriation could be, under
that phraseology, applied to any purpose what-
soever relating either to the Navy or Army.
What would the gentleman say, if the Senate
had withdrawn, and the President had been ad-
mitted into this Hall to exercise the functions
of that body, in their place, so far as regards
$3,000,000 >   That (said Mr. C.) would have been
said to be yielding up our rights.    But it was
much worse to give this discretionary power, in
this way, to the President, to designate objects of
expenditure to that amount, for no  one would
know the intentions of the President until months
after the time of passing the law.    Laws thus
passed would be worse than the laws of Caligula,
which were placed on the pillars so high that no
man could read them     Viewing this appropna-
tion as grossly unconstitutional, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr Webster] had said he
would not vote that appropriation, if the guns of
the enemy had been battering at the walls of the
Capitol, and the allegation had been seen in the
public prints, that for one who had uttered such
a sentiment it would have been a natural and
easy step to have joined the enemy. He inquired
what was the meaning of that expression of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster']
It was, that that gentleman preferred the Consti-
tution of his country to the Capitol;  and where
is the traitor—where is the coward, (said Mr. C ,)
who would give up the charter of  our liberties
because the enemy were battering at the walls of
| the Capitol'   In the days when Themistocles led
the Athenians to victory at Salamis, he advised
them to surrender their Capitol for the preserva-
tion of the constitution of their country.    That
I gallant people adopted his proposition to yield up
i their Capitol and their nobk city, rich with the
productions of every art, and glittering all over
with the proudest trophies in the world;  and
when Chrysilas alone dared to advise the surren-
der of their constitution to the delegate of a Per-
sian despot, for a state of prosperous slavery,
they stoned him to death; not satisfied with that,
their wives stoned to death his wife.    Grant that
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster]
believed what he declared, that he viewed the
principle involved in the appropriation as a sur-
render of the most valuable trust reposed in us by
the Constitution to a single  man, and as  one
I which, while it delegated the legislative power to
j the Executive, established a precedent to prostrate
the Constitution forever, (and no gentleman here
will question his purity of purpose and integrity
in debate,) and then tell me what should be the
fate of that man, if such a man could be found,
who, having owed his elevation to the highest
office in  the world, to that gentleman  and his
friends, and having been sustained in the adminis-
tration of it by the exertion of all the powers of/its
giant intellect, oould, without other provocation,
have declared that such a man, for giving utter-
ance to such a sentiment as he did, in debate here
would find it a very natural and easy step to turn
traitor, and join the enemies of his country in
war' Such aman should never be suffered by
honorable men to stand in any party again, for
such a declaration, if coming from such a man,
proves that he who uttered it will be false to all
parties, and true to no friend. And, sir, (said
Mr C ,) I will do those in power the justice to
say, that I do not believe they had ever proffered
him office, however that may be the object for
which he has thus shamefully denounced his
friend and abandoned his party—no, sir, if he be
a political traitor, they,
"Gave him no instance why he should do treason,
Unless to rtub him with the name of traitor "
Mr. C. was called to order by the Chair, on
the ground that it was out of order to allude to
what had been said in the other House at this
session.
Mr. C. said he had named no man in the other
House, and had only, in commenting on what
had appeared in a newspaper, followed an ex-
ample set him by a member of that House.
Mr. C. was proceeding, when he gave way for
a motion to adjourn.
Mondat, February 8, 1836.
Mr. CLAYTON said he regretted that it had
been impossible for him to conclude his remarks
on Thursday, the day on which he had com-
menced them. He was always anxious to avoid
political debates, and never resorted to them,
unless necessarily forced into them.
It would be remembered that the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Grundy] had asked them—
those who voted against the appropriation—to
come out and declare their sentiments as to what
course they intended to take now. For one, he
(Mr. C.) was, in the existing state of affairs, sat-
isfied with things as they are. He [Mr. Grundy]
(said Mr. C.)is not satisfied with things remain-
ing exactly as they are. He hoped the gentle-
man [Mr. Grundy] would not commit himself
in advance, by declaring himself against things
as they are.
In regard to the loss of the fortification bill,
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Buchanan] had asked who were to blame for
leaving our whole sea-board defenseless, and
went at great length into the state of our affairs
with France, and calling their attention to the
proceedings of the last night of the session, to
show that the Senate was to blame for the loss
of it. He (Mr. C.) concurred in the expression
of the gentleman that our sea-board was in a de-
fenseless condition. But the question was, who
was to blame for it' Was it that the Senate of
the last Congress was to blame ' This Admin-
istration came into power seven years ago, and
theie being a majority in Congress more than a
year before in favor of it, he might say it had
been in power neaily nine years. Whose fault,
then, was it'
The message sent there to-day said, to neglect
to make provisions for defense of the country
involved a criminal neglect. If the $3,000,000
appropriation had passed, what could it possibly
have accomplished in putting the Navy and forti-
fications in a state of defense >
Could he (the President) possibly have ex-
pended the whole $3,000,000 advantageously, so
as to prevent the calamities mentioned by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was not
time allowed to do it in. You cannot (he said)
build up a Navy and erect fortifications in nine
months. Was it never before discovered that the
country was in a defenseless condition I When
a fort was burnt down, and an appropriation asked
for rebuilding it, the cry was, pay the national
debt.
There was $13,000,000 yielding three percent.,
which would have brought six per cent.; and if
it was worth six per cent, in the Government
transactions, it was worth a great deal more for
the purpose of defense. What financiering there
was' He and his friends were attacked, but he
would turn round and attack them, (the friends
of the Administration.) He would ask them
why it was, when they had it in their power, that
