1636.]
APPEÍID1X TÓ THE CONGRfiSSIOlNAt CrL^fit.
*r&
24th Cong....1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. White.
StKATE.
they did not provide for the general defense? All
they had to say on this charge was, that they
had voted for this (3,000,000. If there was
blame, it rested on the very party who had made
the attack. If an offer of so much for one pur-
pose, and so much for another, had been made
to them, backed by the recommendation of the
President, they would have voted for it. Not
that they apprehended any danger from a war
with France. They wouldhave voted for it upon
the ground of increasing the peace establishment.
But it came in a broad and sweeping clause, as
they had thought, manifestly unconstitutional.
Am I asked (said Mr. C.) to vote for money to
maintain the Army and Navy, and am I not enti-
tled to know the character of the ship to be built—
whether the money is to be expended in building
gun-boats or ships of war? The constitutional
injunction required they should know.  It was not
Xcified how much was to be applied to any one
„ ?et, and was as exceptionable as a delegation
of the whole power of both Houses of Congress
to the President.   The Senator from Pennsylvania
SMr. Buchanan] had said he believed the Presi-
ent never had asked any man to bring this
measure forward, which was to relieve the Presi-
dent from a dilemma he had been thrown into by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wu-
stek,1 who had urged that it was the duty of the
President to show to Congress that the exigencies
of the country required it.
Letters of marque and reprisal had been recom-
mended. But the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
in order to rescue the President, takes up the
message of the President, which brought it to
view, that he expected everything would be done
by Congress to maintain the honor and interest
of the country. The President had said it was
unnecessary to say anything more than he had
said in his former message, in which he had asked
for authority to grant letters of marque and repri-
sals.
To return to the important date—the point of
time at which this appropriation failed—that point
of time which was relied on to convict them;
what was the fact ? What new impulse had been
received from any foreign Power at this point of
time ? He referred to the dispatches of Mr. Liv-
ingston of 15th January, 1835, communicated in
the Senate 26th February, 1835, in which he had
said he should not be surprised if the French an-
ticipated our preparations, and seized on our
shipping, etc. Here was the ground on which
danger was apprehended. Mr. Livingston had
said if the law should be rejected, he should not
be surprised if the French anticipated us, and
seized upon our shipping, &c. Mr. Livingston
had said, however, there was no doubt the law
would pass the Chamber of Deputies, and conse-
quently there was no danger of a war. After
those letters came here, our affairs were less
alarming than before their arrival. The warlike
message before that had threatened a quasi war.
There was, therefore, more reason to believe a
war would ensue before, than after the receipt
of those dispatches. On the 26th February,
they were assured there was no danger. He re-
ferred to a portion of the Deputies that they were
not willing to take the responsibility of a rupture
with this country.
During all the previous sessions of Congress,
the patriotic sensibility of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] and his asso-
ciates, had slept, and even snored so loudly as to
be heard on the other side of the Atlantic, *here
it had been heard and believed to have had an ex-
cellent influence on the Chamber of Deputies. On
the 14th January, the resolution that there was
no further legislation necessary in regard to our
affairs with France, was passed unanimously in
the Senate. If Mr. Livingston had himself been
sitting in the Chamber of the Senate, he would
have come to the conclusion to which the Senate
did on the very same day on which he wrote that
letter, (the 14th January.) The gentleman from
Pennsylvania had spoken of an excitement. He
(Mr. C.) thought the excitement was felt more
strongly before than after the message of the 26th
February.
^ He (Mr. C.) had no remembrance of an ex-
citement; when he said excitement, he meant the
excitement of alarm. There was a fictitious ex-
citement got up in another body, which prevented
the passage of some of the most important bills
that had originated in the Senate, and among
othera the bill establishing the boundary lines
of Ohio, which had twice passed the Senate.
What was the result of the excitement in the
other House ? It was that the treaty of July,
1831, should be adhered to; a sentiment com-
mon to us all, (said Mr. C.,) and in which we
had all concurred once before. If it was proper
to vote the (3,000,000, then it was much more so
to vote it before that period of the session. If
the consequences followed that our cities were to
, be sacked, and our people butchered, how much
| more would the responsibility rest upon the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, and those in power,
1 for neglecting for years before to provide for the
I defense of the country, than upon those who are
charged with neglecting this appropriation for
months. The issue would be clear in the minds
of the American people. For the sake of the
argument, he would admit that the failure of the
$3,000,000 appropriation is to be attended with
all the consequences depicted by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan;] and then
inquire who was to blame for the loss of the for-
tification bill ?
He denied that the loss of the 13,000,000 ne-
cessarily involved the loss of the fortification
bill. After the Senate had refused the (3,000,000
appropriation, the committee of conference met,
and agreed to confer in an amicable manner, so
that the views the Senate had of this matter
might be adjusted. He knew not (said he) what
would have been the fate of it, if the gentlemen
from the other House had put it to them so as to
say it was a sine qua non, and had offered it in such
a shape as that the Senator could have voted for
it. But there was no difference; the committee
of conference had shaken hands, and parted in
friendship. The committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives had pocketed the bill—our committee
said we were not entitled to it. They offered no
action upon it until after twelve o'clock. Admit
(said he) that their functions ceased at twelve
o'clock; and how was it? The sum of (800,000
in the fortification bill was lost. He had heard
that some gentlemen entertained scruples on that
point, but they were not general. Every Congress
assembled at twelve o'clock at noon, and as its
official existence did not commence till twelve
o'clock at noon.it did not expire until a year
from that hour. As the common day was com-
puted from twelve o'clock at midnight to twelve
o 'clock at the next midnight, so the parliamentary
or congressional day commenced at twelve o 'clock
at noon, and ended at twelve o'clock at noon of
the next day. He would ask the gentleman
from Tennessee and others, if they, in receiving
their pay fur the first day of the session, had any
scruples about taking pay for the whole day,
when only half a day's work was done? It was
not until this second crowing of the cock, that
some were reminded of the close of their official
existence, and had left their seats at twelve
o'clock. There were some who, from constitu-
tional scruples, had left the Hall at midnight; but
he never knew of any who had refused full pay
for a half day's work-
The first session he was a member, they were
kept up the last night till broad daylight, and the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Grdndt] was
then a member with him, and was not prevented
by the tenderness of his conscience from sitting
after midnight.                                               .
Gentlemen were usually anxious to make ar-
rangements to leave the city at the dose of the
session, which accounted for the absence of so
many members the last night of the session. I
well recollect, Mr. President, on one occasion,
when you and 1 [Mr. King, of Alabama, was
in the chair] were here, and met after daylight
in the morning to receive a message from the
President. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Grondt] and his colleague differed on this point.
His colleague [Mr. White] was for adhering
to the good old republican doctrine.   Those two
gentlemen from Tennessee, when he (Mr. C.)
rat earns there., were Jocosely pointed out UX
him as the rifles of the President.   One of them,
on Mr. Foot's resolution, had missed fire, and
had like to have bursted. He had also missed
fire in his defense of the Post Office Department.
In regard to these rifles, he did not remember that
the other one [Mr. White] ever had missed fire,
until his vote on this (3,000,000 appropriation.
The people of Tennessee were good judges of
rifles. A shot had been aimed at their State, but
the rifle on that occasion was not loaded by the
President, nor did he pull the trigger.
The appropriation bill came before the Senate
at a very late hour, when the Senate was thin.
The chairman of the Committee of Finance and
himself carried the vote for an increase of the
appropriation for Fort Delaware; and his (Mr.
C. s) constituents felt indebted to that gentleman
for the interest he had taken in their behalf. Mr.
C, afte-detailing some further transactions of
the Senate, closed with some remarks compli-
mentary of the high standing and political recti-
tude of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Webster,! and with renewing the motion to
strike out the word "surplus."
[The foregoing hasty sketch of his remarks is
necessarily condensed.]
Mr. WHITE referred to the precedent  cited
by two of the gentlemen who had preceded him
in the debate, and which he said had been erro-
neously relied on to support the (3,000,000
amendment of the last session. The circum-
stances under which these appropriations were
made had not, in his opinion, received that atten-
tion necessary to enable them to form a correct
opinion of the motives influencing the votes then
given. In order to show to the Senate what little
reliance could be placed on these appropriations
as precedents for the attempted appropriation of
(3,000,000, and what little similarity there was
m the cases, he would briefly refer to them, as
well as to the Journals of Congress of the periodf,
explaining the circumstances under which they
were made.
The first precedent relied on was found in th«
administration of President Washington, It was
an act passed in 1794, providing " that a sum of
" $1,000,000, in addition to the provision hereto-
'fore made, be appropriated to defray any ex-
' penses which may be incurred in relation to the
' intercourse between the United States and foreign
' nations, to be paid out of any moneys which mar
' be in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.,
' and to be applied under the direction of the Pres-
' ident of the United States, who is hereby au-
' thorlzed to borrow the whole or any part of said
' sum of (1,000,000; an account of expenditures
' whereof, as soon as may be, shall be laid before
'Congress."
Now, he apprehended if there was nothing
more than what appeared from this law, it would
not warrant the inferences that had been drawn
from it, for the appropriation was for but one
object, (foreign intercourse,) which friust neces-
sarily have been left to the discretion of the Ex-
ecutive,and an account for every dollar expended
was to be rendered to Congress. The money
was to be applied to foreign intercourse, and to
no other purpose; and when they came to settle
the accounts of expenditures, under this appro-
priation, they were not obliged to look under
a great many different heads of expenditures to
find all the items. They had t<j took only at
foreign intercourse to, see if the money was
applied Uf ¡foreign'fotercoas*, and fo no Other
purpose. Rut how was it wjtjh regard to this
(3,000,000 appropriation ? To ascertain hpw this
money vas expended,'they would have had to
look under a great many different heads of ex-
penditure in order to see what had been expended
for this fortification and for that; how much for
arms, how much munition for war,&c; and the
the same examination roust be made for expendi-
tures for the Navy. It was obvious that Mr,
Jeffersqn had it in view to avoid difficulties such
as these when he recommended specific appro-
priations. This (3,000,000 appropriation was
brought forward under circumstances wholly dis-
similar to those in which the (1,000,000 appro-
priation was made under General Washington's
administration- Was it recommended by any
committee   of  Congress, after  having  passed
