74
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Grundy.
Senate.
through an examination by it? Had it been
called for by any communication from the Pres-
ident, or had any estimates been made by any !
Department of the Government on which it was
based? No. It was applied for simply as an
amendment to an amendment of the Senate on
the mere motion of a member of the House of
Representatives, without any recommendation
whatever, at his own will and pleasure, and on
his responsibility. But was it possible that Con-
gress did not know what was to be done with
this $1,000,000 appropriated in General Wash-
ington's time? The Journals of Congress of the
period would show the purpose for which it was
to be applied, and were so full and so plain as to
leave no doubt on the subject. General Wash-
ington applied for this money, and told Congress
what he wanted to do with it. He made a con-
fidential communication to Congress in secret
session, although it was to become the subject
of legislative action. The object was to redeem
from captivity American citizens, who were pris-
oners in Algiers; and the law making the appro-
priation for it was not more specific, because it
was deemed necessary to keep that object secret,
not from the American people, but to prevent
foreigners from speculating on us, and perhaps
defeating it altogether. The reason why this
appropriation was not more specific, was not for
the purpose of giving a broader discretion to the
Executive, but for the purpose of concealing the
object from foreign nations. There would be no
difficulty in finding out what this appropriation
was wanted for, if gentlemen would only take
the trouble to look over the Journals of Congress
of the period.
[Here Mr. White read from the Journal of
Congress of 1794, page 96, the passages referred
to by him.]
By tracing the Journals, it would be found that
this matter went through all the stages of the
most formal legislation, before the bill finally
passed into a law. In addition to this, the Presi-
dent made another communication to Congress
in confidence, and on March 3d, of the same year,
an act was passed authorizing a loan of $1,000,000
to raise the money before appropriated. Now,
he would ask, what similarity there was in this
case and the $3,000,000 appropriation of the
last year? In the one case there was a commu-
nication from the President, saying that in his
opinion the appropriation was necessary, and
defining the object for which it was to be applied.
Then the appropriation went through all the
forms of legislation before it became a law. But
this $3,000,000 appropriation was introduced on
a mere motion of a single member óf the House, '
as an amendment to an amendment, without any I
executive recommendation or any estimate from j
any Department of the Government. And yet
the first was relied on as a precedent to sanction
the latter. Now, if they were to be governed by
precedents, instead of the Constitution, as some
gentlemen argued, and precedents were to be
stretched some ten years hence as much as they
had been in this instance, they would find the
President nothing to do but to spend the money
they appropriated, at his own discretion, and at
his own will and pleasure.
How was it as to the other precedent that had
been relied on, made in the time of Mr. Jefferson,
the great apostle of liberty and head of the Re-
publican party ? In the 4th volume of the Laws
of the United States, page 3, would be found an
act as follows: " That the sum of $2,000,000 be,
«and the same is hereby appropriated, towards
' defraying any extraordinary expenses which
' may be incurred in the intercourse between the
' United States and foreign nations, to be paid out
* of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
' appropriated, and to be applied under the direc-
' tion of the President of tne United States, who
' shall cause an account to be laid before Con-
' gress as soon as may be." The next act was
found at page 41, authorizing the raising of one
hundred thousand militia or volunteers, at the
discretion of the President, who was to call such
a portion of them into actual service as he might
deem necessary; and the 6th section of the act
provided an appropriation for the pay and sub-
sistence  of  these "men.   Now, the gentleman
thought that they had another precedent in this
act for the $3,000,000 appropriation. But what
were the circumstances under which it was passed?
The act grew out of a communication made by
Mr. Jefferson to Congress, which was of such a
delicate nature that he did not choose to make it
public, and therefore sent it to Congress in secret
session. This was in 1806. In 1802, as it was
well-known, we made a treaty with Spain, who,
so far from carrying it into effect, was suspected
of exciting the savages on our frontiers to acts
of aggression on our border inhabitants. In this
state of things President Jefferson came forward,
and disclosed to Congress the whole state of
our relations with Spam, and recommended the
raising this force of one hundred thousand men,
and tne appropriation of these $2,000,000 for
their support. The object was to defend the
frontiers from the attacks of savages, whether
instigated by Spain or any other nation. Con-
gress examined all the matters connected with
this executive communication rigidly, and after
the act had passed through all the forms of legis-
lation in the House of Representatives, with a
perfect understanding of what the appropriation
was wanted for, it passed that body, who sent
it by a committee of their own to the Senate
for concurrence. Whoever would take the
trouble of looking into the Journals of Congress
would find that he was correct in everything he had
stated. The first $2,000,000 was to be applied
by the President for the purchase of that very
country (Florida) we always desired to purchase,
and which we could never purchase until the ad-
ministration of Mr. Monroe. They passed an act
to raise a hundred thousand men, and then appro-
priated funds to support them; and they appropri-
ated money to be at the disposal of the President,
for foreign intercourse, which they supposed
would induce Spain to enter into the contract for
the sale of Florida. The bill went through all the
necessary forms of legislation, and so important
was it considered that its object should be kept
secret, that it was not sent to the Senate for
concurrence in the ordinary manner, but was
sent by a committee of three members of the
House. What was the reason for making the
object of this appropriation secret? If the object
of the appropriation had been expressed in the
law itself, it would have been telling Spain that
we suspected her of exciting the Indians on our
borders to acts of hostility against us, and she
would also have obtained information enabling
her to take an undue advantage of our desire to
purchase Florida. Take the Journals, (said Mr.
W.,) read everything throughout in regard to this
appropriation in Mr. Jefferson's time, and so far
from its being found to be a precedent sanctioning
this $3,000,000 appropriation, it will be consid-
ered one of the strongest precedents for those who
voted on the other side of this question. This
$3,000,000 appropriation was not founded upon
any executive recommendation or estimate what-
ever, but was introduced on the mere guess and
conjecture of an honorable member of the House.
Sir, (said Mr. W.,) it was an entire departure from
all precedents. If this was a proper mode of
disposing of the public money, he must confess
he had been taught in a school where the prin-
ciples of our Government were not rightly un-
derstood. He had been taught to believe that
the President should from time to time give in-
formation to Congress of the state of the coun-
try; to give them not only facts, but to recommend
measures for them to adopt. This done, he
had performed his duty, and it was for Congress
then, on its responsibility, to mold into shape and
fashion the measures he recommended. He con-
fessed he should justly be deemed the tool of the
Administration, if he voted to give money to the
Executive to be expended at his will and discre-
tion, without defining the object for which it was
appropriated. The principle for which I go (said
Mr. W.) is to give money for specific objects,
and to say it shall be applied to them and to no
other. When he voted against this appropria-
tion at the last session, he had no doubts, as he
had none now, that the President would apply
the money faithfully, according to the best of his
judgment; but if he said this much of those
subordinate to him, through whose hands the
money must have gone, he would have been tell-
ing a great untruth. If we set precedents, (said
Mr. W.,) what is to become of us when w.> have
a President in whom we have no confidence ?
Had they passed this $3,000,000 appropriation',
it would be cited, perhaps, as a precedent some
fifty years hence, when it shall be attempted to
raise money to be expended at the executive
discretion; and then they will be able to say that
they had precedent set by General Washington,
by the great apostle of liberty, Mr. Jefferson, and
lastly, by the republican administration of Gen-
eral Jackson. The greatest danger was in setting
precedents during a popular administration. It
was too easy a matter in such a case to set them;
while, on the other hand, under an unpopular
administration, it would be exceedingly difficult,
if not impossible, to induce Congress to grant
any improper discretionary powers. There ia
(said Mr. W.) but one plain course for us to
pursue. Let us (said he) take the Constitution
for our guide, and let us establish no precedents
which, in time to come, maybe used to our dan-
ger. I will vote against such (said he) so long
as I can have the power to say no. And although
the President now said that this $3,000,000 ap-
propriation was in accordance with his views,
yet, as he did not say so at the time it was before
Congress, he thought it was his duty to vote as
he then did.
He had merely risen to set gentlemen rigiit
with regard to the precedents they had cited
with so much confidence; and he would, there-
fore, no longer take up the time of the Senate.
Mr. GRUNDY remarked, that he had but a
very few words to say; for he did not intend
again to go into a discussion of the questions
involved in the debate. As he had, however,
introduced the precedents in the times of Wash-
ington and Jefferson, which had been commented
upon by his colleague this morning, it was prop-
er that he should say something in reply. In
the early part of the debate, and before he (Mr.
G.) had addressed the Senate, it had been urged
by several Senators who had voted against the
$3,000,000 appropriation at the last session, that
it would have been a violation of the Constitu-
tion. He (Mr. G.) had introduced the prece-
dents referred to, for the purpose of showing
that appropriations conferring more ample dis-
cretionary powers on the Chief Magistrate had
been made while they (General Washington and
Mr. Jefferson) filled the chief executhe office,
than was proposed by the $3,000,000 appropri-
ation; and (Mr. G. said) he had argued, that
unless the acts passed in 1794 and 1806 were un-
constitutional, neither was the appropriation pro-
posed at the last session any violation of that
instrument. The force of this argument is now
met by showing that each of the acts referred to
were passed in pursuance of executive recom-
mendations. This is, in his humble opinion, no
sufficient answer to the precedents cited, or the
argument founded upon them. An executive
recommendation cannot change the Constitution,
or make the measure or act constitutional which,
without it, would be unconstitutional. An ex-
position or argument contained in a President's
message may show the policy or expediency of
a measure, but it never can render that constitu-
tional which, without it, would be unconstitu-
tional.
Mr. G. therefore insisted that the argument he
had used had not been weakened by anything
that had been said in reference to the acts he had
cited, having been founded on executive recom-
mendations. Mr. G. said he wished to say one
word to the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr.
Clayton,] before he resumed his seat. That
Senator has been pleased to say that there have
been two occasions since his [Mr. C.'s] appear-
ance in the Senate, in which it was thought by
some, that he (Mr. G.) had flinched or flashed.
The first was a speech made by Mr. G., which
partook too much of nullification. Upon this
point he would only remark, that upon a former
occasion he had given in his experience to the
Senate, and his conduct met with no censure; and
what was of more importance, he had been tried
before his constituents, and persecuted with great
