1836.]
APPENDIX SFQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
34th Cong....1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Benton.
Steffstfc.
seal, and they had pronounced that he stood ,
justified, or at least excused. The second in-
stance named by the gentleman from Delaware,
was in relation to the Post Office Department.
About fire years since, the Senator from Dela-
ware had made an assault upon that Department;
it fell to the lot of the indi-vidual now addressing
the Senate to defend that Department; that de-
fense he (Mr. G.) made as well as he could, in
all cases where he considered it defensible.
The Senator from Delaware denounced it, and
renewed his assault from time to time; and he
(Mr. G.) was always ready to give the Senator
from Delaware, according to his (Mr. G. 'a\ feeble
abilities, as sociable a reception as he could.
And how far the Senator from-Delaware ob-
tained a triumph, had as well be left to others to
decide. Had the Senator from Ohio [ M r. Ewing]
boasted a little on this subject, instead of the
Senator from Delaware, there might have been
more appearance in his favor. He (the Senator
from Ohio) had commenced the war upon the
Post Office Department at the same time with the
Senator from Delaware; and he had continued in
the service down to the present day. And still
Mr. G. could not see that achievements worth
boasting of had been performed by any one. As
to the Senator from Delaware, after he had com-
menced the war upon that Department, and had
prosecuted it for three years, he became tired,
threw up his commission, and retired from the
service. Mr. G. admitted that to him the contest
was very severe and unequal; that with the as-
sistance alone of his able and efficient friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Robinson,] he had contended against
the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clatton,] Mr.
Ewing, of Ohio, and [Mr. Knight, of Rhode Is-
land;] that after the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Clatton] had quit the service, the Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Southard] was put in his place;
and he, although not in the habit of yielding to
the pressure of circumstances, had his place now
supplied by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. D vis.] Now he (Mr. G.) would say that,
although he was willing to admit the. great supe-
riority of those with whom he had contended for
the last five years, yet he could not see or feel
that they had much to boast of in this long and
protracted controversy in relation to the Post
Office Department.
Mr. BENTON, after some conciliatory remarks j
on Mr. Clayton 'a proposed amendment, said that
a good consequence had resulted from an unpleas-
ant debate. All parties had disclaimed the merit
of sinking the fortification bill of the last session,
and a majority had evinced a determination to
repair the evil by voting adequate appropriations
now. This was good. It bespoke better results
in time to come, and would dispel that illusion
of divided counsels on which the French Gov*
eminent hsd so largely calculated. The rejection
of the $3,000,000, and the loss of the fortifies 
lion bill, had deceived France; it had led her into
the mistake of supposing that we viewed tnrtry
question in a mercantile point of view; that the
question of profit and loss was the only rule we '
had to go by; that national honor was no object, ¡ I
and that, to obtain these miserable twenty-five
millions of francs, we should be ready to submit ;
to any quantity of indignity, and to wade through
any depth of national humiliation. The debate
which has taken place will dispel that illusion;
and the first dispatch which the young Admiral
Mackau will have to send to his Government,
will be to inform them there has been a mistake
in this business-—that these Americans wrangle
among themselves, but unite against foreigners,
and that many opposition Senators are ready to
vote double the amount of the twenty-five million
francs to put the country in a condition to sustain
that noble sentiment of President Jackson: That
the honor ef his country shall never be stained by hie
•udcittg em apolegy for speaking fruí ft in the perform-
ance if duty!
It was in March last that the #3,000,000 and
the fortification bill were lost; since then the whole
aspect of the French question is changed. The
money is withheld, an explanation is demanded,
an apology is prescribed, and a French fleet ap-
proaches. Our Government, charged with insult-
ing France, when no insult was intended by us,
and none can be detected in our words by her, is
itself openly and vehemently insulted. The
apology is to degrade us, the fleet to intimidate
us, and the two together constitute an insult of
die grayest character. There is no parallel to it,
except in the history of France herself; but not
France of the nineteenth century, nor even of the
eighteenth, but in the remote and ill-regulated
times of the seventeenth century,and in the days
of the proudest of the French Kings, and towards
one of the smallest Italian Republics. I allude,
sir, to what happened between Louis XIV and
the Doge of Genoa, and will read the account of
it from the pen of Voltaire, in his age of Louis
XIV:
" The Genoese bad built four galleys for the service of
Spam ; the King (of France) forbade them, by his envoy,
St. Olon, one of his gentlemen in ordinary, to launch those
galleys. The Genoese, incensed at this violation of their
liberties, and depending too mucli on the support of Spam,
refused to obey, the order. Immediately fourteen men of
war, twenty galleys, ten bomb-ketches,wuh several frigates,
set sail from the port of Toulon. They arrived before
Genoa, and the ten bomb-ketches discharged fourteen thou-
sand shells into the town, which reduced to ashes a prin-
cipal part of those marble edifices which had entitled this
city to the name sf Genoa the Proud. Four thousand men
were then landed, who marched up to the gates, and burned
the suburb of St. Peter 'of Arena. It was now thought
prudent to submit, ;n order to prevent the total destruction
of the city.
" The King exacted that the Doge of Genoa, with four of
the principal Senators, should come and implore his clem-
ency in the palace of Versailles; and, lest the Genoese
should elude the making this satisfaction, and lessen in any
manner the pomp of it, he insisted, further, that the Doge
who was to perform this embassy should be continued in his
magistracy, notwithstanding the perpetual law of Genoa,
which deprived the Doge of his dignity who is absent but a
moment from the city.
" Imperalo Lecaro, Doge of Genoa, attended by the Sen-
ators Lomellino, Garibaldi, Durazzo,and Salvago, repaired
to Versailles, to submit to what was required ofnim. The
Doge, appareled in his robes of State, his head covered with
a bonnet of red velvet, which he often took off during his
speech, made his apology, the very vordt and demeanor of
which were dictated and prescribed to him by Seignelai," (the
French Secretary of State for Foreign affairs.)*
Thus (said Mr. B.) was the city of Genoa and
its Doge treated by Louis XIV. But it was not
the Doge who was degraded by this indignity,
i but the Republic of which he was Chief Magis-
trate, and all the Republics of Italy besides, which
felt themselves all humbled by the outrage which
i a king had inflicted upon one of their number. So
I of the apology demanded and of the fleet sent
upon us, ana in presence of which President
j Jackson, according to the Constitutionnel, is to
make his decision, and to remit it to the Tuil-
eries. It is not President Jackson that is out-
raged, but the Republic of which he is the Presi-
dent, and all existing republics, wheresoever
situated. Our whole country is insulted,and that
is the sense of the whole country; and this feel-
ing pours in upon us every day, in every manner
in which public sentiment can be manifested, and
especially in the noble resolve of the States, whose
Legislatures are in session, and who hasten to
declare their adherence to the policy of the special
message. True, President Jackson is notrequired
to repair to the Tuileries, with four of his most
obnoxious Senators, and there recite, in person,
to the King of the French, the apology which he
had first rehearsed to the Duke de Broglie; true,
the bomb-ketches of Admiral Mackau have not
yet fired fourteen thousand shells on one of our
cities; but the mere demand for an apology, the
mere dictation of Its terms, and the mere advance
of a fleet, in the present state of the world, and
in the difference of parties, is a greater outrage
to us than *he actual perpetration of the enormi-
ties were to the Genoese. This is not the seven-
teenth century. President Jackson is not the
Doge of a trading city. We are not Italians, to
be trampled upon by European Kings; but Amer-
icans, the descendants of the Anglo-Saxon race,
which for a thousand years has known how to
command respect, and to preserve its place at the
head of nations. We are young, but old enough
to prove that the theory of the Frenchman, the
Abbé Raynal, is as false in its application to the
people of this hemisphere, as it is to the other
* It was this Doge who gave that lively answer which
French vivacity «till loves to repeat. Being asked by a
courtier what he found most strange and wonderful at Ver-
salUw, he replied, " Toseemylfltrt."
productions of nature, and that the belittling ten-
dencies of the New World are no more exempli-
fied in the human race than it is in the exhibition
of her rivers and her mountains, and in the indig-
enous race of the Mammoth and the Mastodon.
The Duke de Broglie has made a mistake, the
less excusable, because he might find in his own
country, and perhaps in his own family, exam-
ples of the extreme criticalness of attempting to
overawe a community of freemen. There was a
Marshal Broglio, who was Minister at War at the
commencement of the French Revolution, and
who advised the formation of a camp of twenty
thousand men to overawe Paris. The camp
was formed; Paris revolted, captured the Bastile,
marched to Versailles, stormed the Tuileries,
overset the monarch, and established the Revo-
lution. So much for attempting to intimidate a
city; and yet here is a nation of freemen to be
intimidated, a Republic of fourteen millions of
people, and descendants of that Anglo-Saxon
race, which, from the days of Agincourt and
Cressy, of blenheim, and Ramillies, down to the
days of Salamanca and Waterloo, have always
known perfectly well how to deal with the im-
petuous and fiery courage of the French.
In the course of the remarks (continued Mr.
B.) which I had the honor to submit, when I
first introduced my resolution, I took occasion to
refer to what I thought was matter of history,
namely: that the opposition of the Senate to the
$3,000,000 contingent appropriation had lost that
appropriation, and also, had lost the fortification
annual appropriation bill to which it was attached;
and that these two losses had left us defenseless;
and, what was more serious, had left us with the
appearance of not being willing to defend our-
selves, and that this sad exhibition of divided
councils and naked frontiers had drawn upon us
the impending visit of that imposing fleet, which
seems to be the only negotiator which French
susceptibility now condescends to employ in the
existing controversy with her ancient ally. I
thought, Mr. President, that, in speaking of these
things, I was doing nothing more nor less1 than
making reference to historical facts, and had no
expectation of exciting a feeling, or eliciting a
warm remark, much less of provoking a discus-
sion which has contioued so many days and en-
listed so many orators. Many speakers have,
indeed, taken the field against me, but with a 
effect the reverse of what usually results from num-
bers. The more the stronger, is the law of num-
bers ; but the more the weaker has been the effect
here. For every speaker has a different reason to
account for the same thing; While truth, which
is single, admits of but one reason; and thus each
! confutes the other. One gentleman lays the
blame upon the House of Representatives; an-
other absolves the House and censures the Pres-
ident; a third throws it upon the Representative
branch of the committee of conference; others
again lavish the whole blame upon individuals
of that committee; and, to complete the circle of
inconsistent solutions, and to attack one that is
never spared, there are others who charge it upon
the Presiding Officer of this body,—upon him
who had no concern in the affair in any shape
whatsoever. So many inconsistent answers are
each and every a refutation of the other, and
might absolve mo from further trouble than to
confront this series of contradictions, and to leave
the whole to die of each other's condemnation;
but I will not limit myself entirely to this brief
task. I will expand a little; and, touching, ata
few points, this:  circle  f inconsistencies, I will
show what I first said to be strietly true, namely,
that the Senate is the responsible party, first, for
the loss of the i3,000,fl00; eetondli,, for the loss
of the fortification bill; and, thirtUyf£or the im-
pending visit of the French fleet, and for the
demand for explanation and .apology.
In presenting the Senate as the  responsible
rrty for these losses, and their consequence, as
had the honor to do in my introductory re-
marks, gentlemen have aesupned that I had
indicted the Senate; and thereupon, inconti-
nently, great indignation has been prepared and
exploded. Certainly, I never intended to indict
the Senate for this matter, but simply to state a
historical fact; but since gentlemen will have me
