76
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
to prefer an indictment, there is something, at
ler.st. they must allow me: they must allow me
an elementary conception of the constitutional
mode of tr\ mg people in our country! For I
have not proceded ex parte. I ha\e not indicted
the Seiia'e behind their backs; nor tried them
when «bs> nt: nor condemned them unheard; nor
denied them the pii\ ilege of self-defense; nor
considered their defense as a breach of my priv-
ileges, or an insult to my dignity! All this they
must Allow me; and then there "is something else
which must be allowed me; and that is, that I
have shown myself so far capable to conduct an
indictment, as not to be turned out of court for
an error in the venue. For, as at common law,
when a mortal wound is given in one county,
and the wounded man dies in another, the slayer
may be tried and handed m either county; so in
this case, where the fortification bill received its
death wound in this Chamber, and died of that
wound in the House of Representatives, the
killers of the bill may lawfully be brought to
justice here.
The question before the Senate has two
branches, each very distinct from the other, and
not to be confounded in debate, nor involved in
one confused decision. The first branch of the
question is as to the loss of the $3,000,000 ap-
Íiropriation: the second branch of it refers to the
oss of the bill, to which it was attached. It was
my purpose to treat these branches separately,
and to show that the $3,000,000 appropriation
was the main loss, and the bill the subordinate
and incidental loss; and that the Senate was the
cause of both losses, avowedly in the principal
case, and provably m the incidental one.
I say the $3,000,000 was the main loss, and
establish that assertion, first, from its amount, for
it was three times the amount of the other; and
next, from its character, for it was an avowed
preparation against contingent danger. It was in
these words: "The sum of $3,0OU,000, to be ex-
' pended in whole or in part, under,the direction of
' the President of the United States, for the military
' and naval jfi-rtci, inelxuling fortifications and ord-
' nanee, and increase of the  .Varw prorided such
' EXPENDITURES SHALL BE RENDERED NECESSART
'  FOR THE DEFENSE OF THE COUNTRY PRIOR TO
' the next meeting of Congress. " These were
the words. The Senate rejected the appropriation
«o worded; and the rejection stood in France as
the solemn declaration of the Senate that they
would not provide for the defense of the country,
although necessary, before they met again. It
is in vain that Senators search their own bosoms,
and find reasons for their vote of rejection; the
record bears the fact, as I have stated it, as a
contingent appropriation for the necessary de-
fense of thecountry, and itsrejection ! And to the
French it could appear as nothing more nor less
than as a refusal to sustain the policy of the
President, and as the final act which put the seal
upon all those speeches which had justified France
and condemned the chief of our own Govern-
ment.
In this light it appeared to the French, and the
effect was instantaneous and decisive with them.
It induced them to change their tone, and embold-
ened them to take higher ground; and the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] has well
shown, by a clear narration of facts, and by a
close collation of circumstances, that to this most
lamentable vote of the Senate we are indebted for
all the French measures so offensive to our feel-
ings—the legislative demand for explanations—
the dictated apology—and the fleet that is sent
to observe us. Thus, the loss of the $3,000,000
was the main loss, both forits amount and its char-
acter, and for the moral effect which a refusal to
vote money for the defense of the country, even
though necessary for that defense before Congress
met again, and for .this loss the Senate is incon-
testably and avowedly responsible. There is no
dispute on this point. The House of Represent-
atives passed it—the Senate rejected it—and there
was an end of it. Whatever room there may be
for contesting the responsibility of losing the for-
tification bill, there is none for contesting the loss
of tins $3,000,000, which has done all the mis-
chief. Conscious of this, the gentlemen of the
Opposition lay out all their strength in laborious
National Defense—Mr. Benton.
nrgumentsand minute details, in vindicatingthem-
seives from the loss of the fortification bill, while
the in finitely more important loss of the $3,000,000
is slightly run over with an admission and a jus-
tification. The Senate admits it made that loss,
and justifies it; but what a justification! First,
bec.iuse it was not recommended by the President;
next, because it was not specific, and was, there-
fore, unconstitutional; and thirdly, because it put
dangerous power in the hands of the President.
These are the three points of defense, and let us
briefly examine them.
1. Astothewant of thePresident'srecommend-
ation. That is true in fact, but futile in import.
The President did not recommend the $3,000,000
to the Senate, but the House of Representatives
did; and it was a case in which their recommend-
ation should be more potential than his. It
was a money bill, and the House of Representa-
tives, as the immediate representatives of the
people, are the espe< ml guardians of the purse—
all tax bills must originate there; and, by conse-
quence, .ill Urge appropriations—the expenditure
of revenue being so nearly akin to the imposition
of a tax, and often involving it—come with pecu-
liar propriety from that branch of Congress. It
is vain to say that this appropriation was sud-
denly adopted in the House of Representatives
upon the motion of a member. Granted. But
when it was adopted, it was no longer the propo-
sition of the member, but the act of the House,
and came to the Senate with all the claims to re-
spectful consideration which is due to the act of
the whole body. But itis supposed that the Presi-
dent gave private information of his wishes to
some of his friends, and withheld it from others,
and that effect was to entrap the uninformed. He
(Mr. B.) presumed that this was all a mistake.
It was not in unison with the President's charac-
ter, which was that of extreme frankness, and it
was not consonant with the fact in his own case,
or he had never heard a word of the President's
wishes—he, who as chairman of the Senate's
Committee on Military Affairs, and as a friend
to the Administration, would have had a right to
the very first information where there was a de-
signed discrimination between friends, had never
heard of the matter one way or another. His
first knowledge of the $3,000,000 was from the
reading at the Secretary's tabic. He had never
heard of the President's wishes, never heard of
Mr. Cambreleng's notice in the House of Repre-
sentatives, never heard of his motion, never saw
the passage in the Globe, never heard that the
$3,000,000 were coming until announced in the
Senate; and if he had known of the President's
wishes, he should not have communicated them
to the Senate, it being unparliamentary and a
breach of the privilege of the body to do so. The
President communicates to the Senate responsi-
bly through a message, and not irresponsibly
through a member; and to report his opinion
upon bills, to influence the action of the Con-
gress, is irregular and unparliamentary, and a
reprehensible breach of the privileges of the body;
and such is the law of Parliament. He should
suppose, then, that whatever mighthave happened
in communicating his wishes to some, ana not to
others, was purely accidental. Certainly, if any
one had a right to think himself slighted, he
had, for in his double character of chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs and friend to
the Administration, he should have stood first on
the Senatorial list for the insidious communica-
i tion.
j     2. As to the unconstitutionality of the appro-
priation, because not specific, Mr. B. would not
travel over ground which had been so well occu-
pied and so fully explored by others.   He would
not repeat what had been so often and so well
said, that the Constitution had but two provisions ¡
on the subject of appropriations; first, that the [
money should be drawn  from the Treasury by
i   law, and next, that it should be accounted for.
¡   He would not repeat what had been already so ¡ I
|  fully established that the doctrine of specific ap- I;
i   propriations, so desirable in itself, is matter of !
practice only, a reform of Jefferson's time slowly
introduced, often departed  from,  and in some j
| branches  of the  expenditure,  only established •<
i within a few years past.    He would leave all this |!
Senate.
where his political friends had placed it, and take
up the question in another way, in a mere prac-
tical point of view, like a plain man engaged in
an affair of business; and would demand how it
happened—if want of specification was the real
objection—how it happened that no attempt was
made to cure so slight a defect by the natural
and easy process of amendment ? Why did not
some one move to amend by dividing the gross
sum into parcels, and assigning so much to each
object' This is no figure of speech, no rhetori-
cal interrogation to enforce an argument, but a
real question, which he should be glnd to hear
some gentleman answer, and for which purpose
he would cheerfully give the floor.
Mr. WEBSTER rose, and stated that, by the
rule of the House, no motion could be made to
amend the amendment under the circumstances
of the case; and Mr. Leigh also rose and said,
that it was his opinion at the time, that no mo-
tion to amend the amendment could be made.
Mr. BENTON was free to admit that there
was a difficulty in the rule; that a direct motion
to amend might have been unsustainable, and
therefore excusably omitted. But he returned to
his question, and changed its form, from direct to
indirect amendment, from a motion to amend on
the floor, to a motion to disagree, to confer, and
to make the amendment in conference, and bring
it back to the Senate, all of which might have
been done in a few minutes, and was actually
done at last, but too late to save the bill. Upon
this point (said Mr. B.) I take a position. I
stand upon it. I intrench myself behind it. I
ask again, again and again, if want of specifica-
tion was the real objection, why not obviate that
objection by the easy, natural, and parliamentary
mode of disagreeing, conferring, and amending?
This is a plain and direct inquiry to develop facts
and to elucidate truth. We all know how the
$3,000,000 appropriation was received in this
Chamber; was received in one burst of indigo
nation—in one tempest of wrath—in one cataract
of denunciation. The whole Opposition rose up,
one after the other, to declaim against it, to reject
it, and to adhere to the rejection, which, on the
part of the Senate, was an end of the whole ques-
tion. Instead of all this, if want of specification
was the real objection, why did not some one of
the majority, like a man friendly to the object, but
dissatisfied with the form, get up like a man of
business, in a quiet and placid state of mind, and
move to disagree, to ask a conference, and to
settle the form of the appropriation by conferees ?
All this could have been done in a moiety of the
time in which any one of those ten or a dozen
violent speeches were made against it. This was
the real question for gentlemen to answer, and
until they answered it, all other answers and ex-
cuses for the loss of this essential and important
appropriation must stand for nothing.
3 The danger of such a large and indefinite ap-
propriation. This head (Mr. B. said) was much
dwelt upon. It was said the President might lay
out the whole $3,000,000 in ships alone, or the
whole in raising troops, and what kind of troops
he pleased. This is all fanciful and far-fetched.
It is imagination, and not argument. Five ob-
jects of appropriation were specifically named, to
wit: 1, the military service; 2, the naval service;
3, fortifications; 4, ordnance; 5, increase of the
Navy, with a proviso that it was not to be ex-
pended unless necessary for the defense <jf the coun-
try before the next meeting of Congress. Here the
objects of expenditure are specified, and nothing
was wanting to come up to the most rigorous
definition of a perfect specification but a division
of the money, and setting apart so much to one
object, and so much to another. And where is the
danger in the omission of that apportionment?
None! Even if the whole had been expended on
the Army, or the whole on the Navy, or the whole
on fortifications, still there was no danger in it
to the country. It might have been unwise and
improvident, but not dangerous. And here he
would conclude this head with insisting that the
reasons assigned are not sufficient. The appro-
priation was not unconstitutional; it was not
unprecedented; it was not dangerous. On the
contrary, it was clearly sanctioned by the Con-
stitution, more than justified by numerous pre-
