1886.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
24th Cong....1st Sess.
•Slavery in ifte District of Columbia—Mr. Hill.
Sbnatx.
the mischief of a few fanatical and misguided
persons who are engaged in the abolition cause.
1 have before me a copy of this newspaper (the
United States Telegraph) filled to the brim with
the exciting subject. It contains, among other
things, a speech of an honorable Senator, [Mr.
Leigh, of Virginia,] which I shall not be sur-
prised soon to learn has been issued by thousands
and tens of thousands from the abolition mint in
New York,for circulation in the South. Surely
the honorable Senator's speech containing that
part of the Cbanning pamphlet, is most likely to
more the southern slaves to a servile war, at the
same time the Channing extracts and the speech
itself are moat admirably calculated to awaken
the fears or arouse the indignation of their mas-
ters. The circulation of such a speech will effect
the object of the Abolitionists without trenching
upon their funds. Let the agitation be kept up
in Congress, and let this newspaper be exten-
sively circulated in the South, filled with such
speeches and such extracts as this exhibits, and
bule will be left for the northern Abolitionists to
do. They need do no more than send in their
petitions; the late printer of the Senate, and his
friends in Congress, will create enough of excite-
ment to effect every object of those who direct
the movements of the Abolitionists.
Within a few days there has been introduced
into this body a fwtu nsUisra, an animal with two
heads, in the shape of a report, laboring to prove
that Congress has no right to pass laws which
shall prevent the circulation, through the mail,
of incendiary publications, and, at the same time,
presenting a bill for the sanction of the Senate,
which makes it a crime for the officers of the post
office to suffer these publications to pass through
their offices. This report, this monster, whose
paternity is disavowed by a majority of the com-
mittee which creates it, comes to as in such a
" questionable shape," that I will speak of it.
Had it not become a habit of thia body to yield
much to courtesy, to certain Senators of the ma-
jority, I would 8ay,that the monster comes here
entirely out tf order. It is, however, so great a
favorite, that while the Senate can order no more
than three thousand extra copies of a message of
the President of the United States, highly inter-
esting to the people of the country at the moment,
five thousand extra copies are instantly ordered
of this document, disavowed and disclaimed by
a majority of the committee reporting it! The
printing of these five thousand copies, if Senators
will circulate and frank them, will save the Aboli-
tion Society at New York the expense of furnish-
ing, and those who receive them, the expense of
postage. A better document for the agitators
could not go forth than this same two-headed
monster. If the bill should become a law before
the report is circulated, the poor postmasters
through whose hands it shall pass, may consider
it of little advantage to them that they are of the
forty thousand " parasites of executive power"
whose names are printed in the Blue Book. The
chairman of the committee [Mr. Calhoun] will
find his last bill much more effectual in driving
postmasters out of office, than any bill he can
devise to protect men in office from responsibility
to the Chief Magistrate of the United States, ft
will look well for this body to pass a law pun-
ishing postmasters fo  suffering that to go through
the mail, which Senators themselves introduce to
be read in this body, and circulated through the
country in their speeches!
The honorable Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Calhoun] has introduced a certain news-
paper, published at Utica, in the State of New
York, favoring the abolition cause. The news-
paper he states as recommending certain candi-
dates (Martin Van Buren and Richard M. John-
son) for President and Vice President. He did
not inform us whether the newspaper was printed
last month or last year; nor did he inform us that
the array of presidential candidates was intended
to be a most gross imposition upon the people of
the South. The authors of that newspaper, I do
not doubt, sent it here to be used for the precise
purpose it has been used. They placed the names
of Van Buren and Johnson at the head of their
columns, knowing that they might injure them
more effectually by seeming to be their friends
than by openly opposing them. The authors and
abettors of that newspaper are known, and they
are known to be not less decided enemies to the
candidates named, than the Senator from South
Carolina himself. Since the Senatorhas chosen to
cast the reproach on the friends of the nomina-
tions of Van Buren and Johnson of being favor-
able to the Abolition cause—a reproach that is not
less unjust than indicative of the true cause of
the determination to discuss this abolition ques-
tion in Congress—I will inform that Senator and
the whole South, that in the State of New Hamp-
shire, there is not, within the compass of my
knowledge, a solitary individual in favor of the
nominations alluded to, who is not decidedly op-
posed to the present abettors of the anti-slavery
cause in New England. The primary meetings
preparatory to the annual elections are now being
held in that State. Ever since 1829, the opposi-
tion of every name has been beaten at each elec-
tion; and it so happens that for the coming elec-
tion they have not as yet chosen to offer us battle
—they show no symptoms, either of organiza-
tion or concentration.
The Hillsborough council district, being about
a fifth of the State, held its convention on the 7th
day of January. This district has steadily ad-
hered to the principles of the Democratic party,
through evil report and through good report,
from the commencement of Jefferson's adminis-
tration to the present moment. Eighty delegates,
coming from nearly every township of the dis-
trict, and elected by the citizens of the several
towns, attended this convention. These delegates
unanimously passed resolutions approving the
nominations of Van Buren and Johnson, and they
unanimously passed the three following resolu-
tions:
" Resolved, That the relation of master and slave is a
matter exclusively within the regulation of the States in
which it exists, and that any interference by the inhabitants
of other States in regard to it is not only unauthorized and
intrusive, but faithless and dishonorable, as being against
the letter and spirit of the sacred compact which binds us
together.
" Reulvtd, That those who promote inflammatory dis-
cussions, and are guilty of disseminating among the slaves
of the South publications the tendency of which is toexcite
insurrection, are regarded by as as persons prompted by the
most reckless wickedness, or by an insane fanaticism fully
as mischievous in its consequences.
" Resolved, That we advert with the deepest regret to the
fact that some individuals of the clencal order in this State
have made their pulpits the source of exciting appeals and
virulent denunciations on the subject of slavery; that we
consider all interference from the sacred desk in political
questions, as aside from the sphere of the duties ot clergy-
men ; and that we view those clergymen who countenance
the proceedings of the Abolitionists, and indulge in such
appeals and denunciations, as pursuing a course hostile to
our Union, and to ibe cause of civil liberty, and contrary
to the true spirit of the Gospel of peace."
Stafford county convention, of more than sixty
delegates, from about thirty townships, on the |
18th of January, unanimously passed a resolu-
tion in favor of the same candidates for President
and Vice President, and the following:
" Resoled, That we have no fellowship whatever with
northern Abolitionists—a set of deluded individuals, de- .
serving rather of pity than contempt."
Grafton and Coos convention, on the 27th of(
January, with about the same number of dele- f
gates, approved the same nominations, and unan-
imously
" Resolved. That anti slavery, as aeted out by its present
supporters, i  fit employment only for such as have no bust
ness of their own, and wish to interfere with the affairs of
their neighbors. Should its advocates expect to ride into
office by practicing such wild delusion, they will ere long
discover their mistake."
Sullivan county, (a part of the old Cheshire
council district,) on the 20th of January, by dele-
fates from nearly every township, unanimously
celares for the same presidential candidates,
and passes the following preamble and resolu-
tions:
" Whereas, much excitement has prevailed in this State,
in relation to the existence of slavery in the southern por-
tion of the Union: and, whereas, in the opinion of this
convention, the Constitution of the United States re^rves
to the slaveholdmg States the original right to the exclusive
control of the servile portion of their population: and
whereas, the present excitement in the northern States, got
up by fanaticism and morbid philanthropy, and based upon
an ignorance of the true condition of the slave, the character
of the master, and of the relative rights and duties of the
several members of the Confederacy, has been seized upon
by wicked and corrupt men, with a view to divide the
Democracy of the North and South, and sever the union of
the States: and whereas, in our belief, the course of the
Abolitionists, if persisted in, will lead toa dissolution of the
Confederacy and its attendant calamities, a servile and civd
war'   Therefore—
" Rejoined, That we view every Abolitionist as an enemy
to his country, to the union ol the States, and the integrity
of the Democratic party.
" Resolved, That it is the duty of the Democracy to dis-
countenance and check, by all proper means, the prosecu-
tion of the plans and schemes of the Abolitionists.
" Resolved, That if Congress possess the constitutional
power,it is inexpedient to abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia."
Rockingham district, by delegates from its sev-
eral towns, on the 28th January, passed the fol-
lowing resolution, in addition to resolutions in
favor of Martin Van Buren and Richard M. John-
son:
" Resolved, That we view with deep concern and regret
the recent exertions of a few fanatics to disturb the har-
mony and peace of the Union, by their unconstitutional
and illegal attack upon the rights and independence of the
other States, by an unjustifiable interference with their
domestic institutions of' slavery.'"
At another collection of Democratic citizens,
friends of the Administration, from fourteen dif-
ferent towns in another part of the State, met for
the purpose of celebrating the glorious 8th of
January, besides other strong indications in
toasts in disapprobation of a certain abolition
teacher under foreign pay, who had accompanied
the renegade Thompson, in his future attempts
to hold meetings, the following resolution was
unanimously passed:
" Resolved, That we view with the highest disapprobation
the avowed principles of certain individuals of the abolition
and Nullification parues; that the violent doctrines of the
first serve only to irritate the feelings, but not convince the
conscience of the master, and consequently to increase the
seventy, but not to ameliorate the condition of the slave;
that the latter party is now only sustained and held together
by the fanatical proceedings of the former, both openly
avowing their readiness for the dissolution of the Union,
thus proving themselves to be twin sisters, and closely allied
to the  unholy progenitor, the infamous Hartford Conven-
tion."
Still further, Mr. President, there is a town of
New Hampshire (Barnstead) which has given,
at both of the last elections, a majority of mora
than three hundred for electors friendly to An-
drew Jackson, out of less than four hundred
votes cast. That town, at a meeting of its Dem-
ocratic citizens, on the 9th of January, passed
resolutions unanimously approving the nomina-
tions before named, and also the following:
" Resolved, That those foreign emissaries and domestic
fanatics who profess so much sympathy for the poor blacks,
by their pathetic appeals to our brethren of the South, oa
the subject of slavery, are sapping the foundation of our
liberty, and would gladly sever our happy Union.
" Resolved, That all legal measures for the suppression
of unconstitutional interference by agents or incendiary
publications among southern slaves, will meet our enure
approbation.
" Resolved, That what we most abhor among Abolition^
ists is their attempts to introduce the blacks into the society
of whites, having even dared admit them as fit associates
and companions of our youth in schools, and domestic in-
tercourse. May all such meet the fate of the Canaan Aesd-
emy!
" Resolved, That we despise no human being for the forsa
of Ins features, or the color of his skin; but, in our opinion
of the African race, their intellect is too feeble, their
passions too strong, and their disposiuons too irritable,
to encourage their immediate emancipauon in this coast-
try.
" Resolved, That we deplore the existence of slavery and
the slave trade, yet we do ant daim ait the morals nor aJJ
the religion in the country; but, though tbo evil does net
exist in oufowa State, we set so high svakie upónos
Union as to concede to the several States their oonsvitu-
Tionii moots, leaving them to manage their own internal
affairs and regulate their own morals."
These resolutions are from * community of
respectable and intelligent farmers, as hardy as
the face of the granite lulls they inhabit-, as ready
to take up arms in their country's defense as
they are to vote down the men of any party who
take ground against that country; from a commu-
nity who have not sufficient contention among
themselves to give support and business to a sin-
gle village lawyer.
The intelligent yeomanry who passed those
plain, common-sense resolutions understand what
duties the people owe to each other, and to the
States of this Union, quite as well as those who
