04
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 1,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Jiemoval of a Postmaster—Mr. Thomas.
Ho. of Reps.
gust when the presses there, and their repre-
sentatives in this and in the other branch of
Congress, have countenanced and encouraged
that conrse and bitter denunciation to which the
National A.dmini'Uration has been subjected be-
came it has removed public officers on account
of their political opinions, or has given a piefer-
ence, in ondina] appointments, to its fnends.
The Postmaster General has declared:
" Appointment  to the more honorable and lucrative «ft
tions in tin- Government li ive been heretofore, anil will be
hereafter made, chiefly lrom political considerations."
And this doctrine is said to be " abominable"
and "odious." If this be true, the Whigs of
Maiyland have covered themselves with oblo-
quy , and ought not to hold up their heads proudly
as equals when associated with the national
politicians, so called.
In 16.26 a gentleman, now a Senator from
Maryland, was called fiom this House to become
the Governor of that State In that capacity he
acted for three years, and had the power, by and
with the consent of the Executive Council,
(wherein there was a majouty of his political
friends,) to appoint a host of civil and military
officers annually. During the first year of his
service a few public officeis were pio&cnbed. In
the two succeeding years the number was largely
increased.
At the elections of 1829 there was a political
revolution, and the party with which I am identi-
fied became predominant. All, or nearly all, the
friends of General Jackson, who had been pro-
scribed, were lestored to office, and many of those
who had most clamorouslyjustified.and hadpiof-
ited by the proscription that had been practiced,
were made to feel the effects of the doctrines
which they had inculcated. In 1830, the anti-
Jackson party again triumphed, and a scene of in-
discriminate, unsparing, inexorable, wide-spread
proscription ensued. In the county in which I
reside, more than two hundred public officers
were turned out; oi, to adopt the mild language
of the Whigs of Maryland, by whom the act was
justified, were " left out " of office on account of
their opinions, or to make way for those who
*ere willing to fill the stations assigned them.
No means have ever been adopted to ascertain,
with entire accuracy, the nunibei of persons pro-
scribed on that occasion, but I have seen an esti-
mate, in the accuracy of which I had entire confi-
dence, from which it appeared that not less than
two thousand friends of Jackson in Maryland, in
1830-3), were proscribed by the State executive.
It may be, indeed it is probable, that the highly
respectable gentlemen who discharged these ex-
ecutive duties at the period referred to, took no
delight in the work, but the effects were the same
as they would have been if the actors in these
scenes had scalped their political enemies with
peculiar pleasure. The friends of the present
Chief Magistrate were everywhere driven from
office, and proscribed, (generally, not univer-
sally ) They have endured for years a hail-storm
of persecution for opinion's sake. They have
been hunted by the terriers of party, like wild
beasts of the mountains, from brake to bramble.
But, sir, it is With pride and pleasure I proclaim
that they have not filled the land with weeping
and wailing. Thexj have uttered no complaints
to excite public sympathy. They have not begged
for quarter. No, sir, year after year, election
after election, they have repaired to the polls,
have contended boldly, cheerfully, with their ad-
versaries for mastery, with a full knowledge that
the odious, hateful, aristocratic constitution of
Maryland gave to the party in power every ad-
vantage. Yes, sir; and the Republicans of Mary-
land will " stand up to the work," will carry on
the contest from generation to generation, until
my own native State is " redeemed, regenerated,
and disenthralled."
Amidst the exacerbation and excitement which
the state of things thus rapidly reviewed was well
calculated to pioduce, I came into Congress.
From this high position I could have commenced
a courtship with my political opponents, and
possibly by so doingmight have so far conciliated
them a* to have secured for myself a seat in this
House without contest. Of this I am proudly
incapable.   1 desire to share the fate of my polit-
ical friends. Their foes shall be my political
foes. Their wrongs will excite in my bosom a
resentment as warm as could be engendered by
an in)ury to myself in peison. And whilever
and wherever I have political power, it shall be
fearlessly exerted to insure for them equal and
exact justice—a fair participation in the puvileges
and advantages due to the whole people. I re-
peat, I envy neither the heart nor the head of any
man who will not concede that my course in the
case under review, and my avowed purpose to
prefer a political fncnd toa political opponent in
like instances, is correct. But to return to the
statement I was making.
In reply to my letter, Doctor Wharton recom-
mended the appointment of the individual who
has been removed; and, in the full expectation
that his appointment would be acceptable to those
whose wishes I desired especially to consult, he
was recommended to Major Barry, and was ap-
pointed. Soon after the appointment was made,
several highly respectable citizens, immediately
interested, applied to meto have Mr. Ridenour
i emoved, alleging that he was particularly obnox-
ious to all the fnends of the Adminibtration of
his neighborhood, and to many of its opponents.
This I refused to do, not because if stnet justice
had been done, Mr. Ridenour had a right to be
exempted from that proscription for opinion's
sake which he assists his fnends to practice in
Maryland, butl foibore to act in aspiut of mag-
nanimity, in the hope that he would, by his cour-
teous deportment, conciliate the good will of all
concerned. This expectation was not gratified.
Repeated complaints were made to me on account
of his rude and insulting deportment towards
those with whom he differed in politics, when
they, on business, called at the post office. Itta
not pretended that deputy postmasters, or a sub-
ordinate in any other department,should servik ly
copy and adopt the opinions of those who admin-
ister the Government; neither is it maintained
that official incumbents shall basely cringe, or
fawn upon those from whom they receive ap-
pointments, or become supeicihous to the people
with whom they are to hold inteicourse.
But it is insisted, decidedly, that no subordi-
nate officer has a right when holding official inter-
course with any portion of the people, to insult,
wantonly, their feelings, by coarse, personal,
denunciations of the public men for whose pa-
triotism and public seivices the whole country
owes a heavy debt of gratitude. If deputy post-
masters entertain such personal contempt for
their superiors in office that they cannot avoid
giving vent to it long enough to hand a letter or
a newspaper to a customer, let them show that
they have more self-respect than love for office,
and resign. No spirited overseer, no negio-
dnver of the South, will hold employment for
mere love of power or emolument if he entertains
no respect whatever for his employer. Liberal
and enlightened men love to tolerate freedom of
speech and freedom of opinion, but no one ought
to sympathize with or countenance that intol-
erance and bigotry which make men denounce as
knaves or fools all who differ with them as to
the means best calculated to promote the public
welfare. Contrary to my hopes and expectations,
the removed postmaster became more and more
obnoxious, Until a public meeting was held at
Clearapnng in the summer of 1835, at which
resolutions were adopted recommending his re-
moval. The proceedings of the meeting, signed
by a large number of persons, whom I know to
be highly respectable and influential citizens, were
forwarded to me, to be transmitted to the Post-
master General. This I declined doing. The
proceedings were returned through the post office
to the committee from whom I had received them;
and the hope was still cherished that the proposed
removal would become unnecessary, but the con-
duct of Mr. Ridenour, or his friends, fiustrated
these expectations. Soon aftei the proceedings
were returned, I have been informed that several
persons who had attended the meeting were sub-
lected to taunts and gibes of a provoking char-
acter. Persons who called at the store of Mr:
Ridenour for then letters and newspapers were
directed to go to the store of the gentleman who
had been recommended by the meeting to be
I
placed in the office which Mr. Ridenour held-
and others who sent to the post office for papers
received  therefiom, instead of the papers  they
had a light to expect, newspapers of .in old date
that had been laid by as useless lumber.
At that time the infatuation which led to these
foolish jests was unaccountable. Since the pro-
ceedings have been published, to which the gen-
tleman fiom Virginia has leferred, 1 think a tine
to them may be found. It is there stated that I
had refused to recommend the removal of Mr.
Ridenour unless Dr. Wharton would approve
the measure.   This is not so.    I gave no such
edge. It is probable that an inference of that
ind was drawn from what I did do, and that
inference may have induced that infatuated and
ridiculous conduct which increased greatly Mr.
Ridenour's continuance in office. In a letter
which accompanied the proceedings of the meet-
ing returned by me, I had requested a gentleman
to call on Dr. Wharton, and ask him to do me
the justice to explain how and why Ridenour had
been appointed, for until then I had not made
known to the public the agency of that gentle-
man in the matter. He had been named by his
friends as my competitor for a seat in Consress,
and I was not willing to throw upon him any pait
of the responsibility of making an unpopular ap-
pointment, before the congressional convention at
Hagerstown had nominated me forretlection, lest
it should be said that I dreaded his competition,
and desned to lessen his influence to seeuie my
own nomination. Aftei my nomination had been
made, and he had declined bcingacandidate, I felt
no such restraint,and refeiled a gentleman to him
for information. The same gentleman request-
ed the Doctor to sign a mcmoiial recommending
Ridenour's removal, which he refused to do; and
fiom this circumstance,I presume,originated the
belief that without Dr. What ton's signature, no
memorial to the Postmaster General would be
effectual. Whether this erroneous impression
was thus derived or not, it is very probable that
it was one of the sources, if not the chief source
of that unbecoming conduct of Mi. Ridenour, or
his fnends, that has been mentioned.
The opinion seems to have prevailed that he
would not and could not be removed unless Dr.
Wharton gave his assent to the measure, and he
and his friends, instead of a magnanimous for-
bearance towards those whose attempts had been
defeated, piacticed those insulting jests and taunts
which alone would have fully justified the pio-
ceedings of the Postmaster Geneial. Another
memonal to Mr. Kendall, accompanied by letters
furnishing the facts that have been here given,
was forwarded to me, to be sent to the Post Office
Department. It was forwarded, and has been
treated as mentioned in my letter that was read
to the House by the gentleman fiom Virginia.
This is the second time that I have been com-
pelled to tiouble the House with explanations
concerning matteis of which it lias no cognizance.
Reluctant as I am to engage in these unprofitable
and idle discussions, they could not be avoided
unless I was willing to be misundeistood by hon-
orable men here, and have my motives misrepre-
sented befoie my constituents.
The following is the letter read by Mr. Wise:
Washinoion, .¿jiri¿2j, 1S36
Sir If your removal from the office ot po-.tma-ter.it
ClearsprinR was unexpected, your surprise cannot possibly
exceed that of mine on reading your letter of the 20th of
April. In it you d< clare your belief that yon give, while
in office, general satisfaction, and thai you cannot imagine
lor a moment tor what cause jou have been removed.
These a=ser'ions, thus solemnly made, cominf  as they do
from one whose veracity I have never beard impeached,
ought to be confided in j and yet it is strange that you have
been kept in entire ignoruice as to matters whieh I know
are well understood by many of jour friends with whom
you have constant intercourse Thi^concealmenton their
part may have been practiced for good cause, but I shall
not imitate it. 1 shall reply lo your Ittter with tout frank-
ness which become  me.
Vou were originally appointed postmaster at mv instance.
Major Darrj in 1834, notihetl me th.it it was hi  purpose
to remove the then incumbent from the office which you
subsequently filled, and requested me to name .i per-.on to
till the proposed vacancy My acquaint nice in Clearspnng
wa> not such that I could, re..dil\, comply with this request
of the ¡Postmaster General I wished to recommend some
person who would accept the appointment—who would be
well qualified to perform its duties—who would he accept-
able at the same tune to those who hud placed me in the
