1836.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
96
34th Cong....1st Sess.
National Defienae-^Bfr. Brown.
Senate.
positron which had ¡anted Major Barry's application, and
uot obnoxious on any account to a majority of those with
iihoin he would necessarily hold intercourse officially. To
enable me thus to act, I addressed a letter to a gentleman
in your neighborhood, m who e judgment and di crction I
bad entire confidence, and requested Inm to furnish me
with the required uilbrniaiiou. In consequence of his
rrulv, the office was giveu to you at my instance, by Major
Bam.
Immediately after the appointment became known to the
citizens of UÍearspnng, I received letters from, several of
them; amongst other*, one fmoi your brother in-law, ro-
monstraiiii^ v -ry strongly against your appointment, and
urjrnig jour remoral. This I refused to recommend,and
expressed ton hope and expectation to them that your eou-
duct in office would be such that all opposition would sub-
side, and those immediately interested become satisfied.
Subsequently, repeated complaints were made to me, which
I thought proper to disregard, stiM hoping that you wbuld
become acceptable to the people of the district generally.
But ui tins I was disappotuted. During the hist summer, I
received a letter from several highly respectable citizens of
Clearspnnf, accompanied by the proceedings of n meeting
of a large portion of the people of that place, recommend-
ing your removal, and soliciting my aid to accomplish it.
Although I was then a candidal  for Uongrafs, and needtd
the suffrages of those from whom tins application came,
and expected, too, that yna and your immediate friends
would all oppose my election, I returned the memorial
winch was addressed to the Postmaster General, and hod
been forwarded to me to be transmitted, declining to send
it on account of the manner in which your api>ouHment
was referred to, and in the hope that this opposition to you
would subside.   In this expectation I was disappointed.      '
Another memorial, praying Por the appointment of the
individual who las been made your successor, was sent to t
me in a letter from three highly respectable citizens of your ,
neighborhood, who had been appointed a committee for .
that purpose, at a meeting or • portion of the eitiken* of
Clearsprsog. (In this letter a was alleged that your hut'
nace and deportment towards those with whom you dif-
fered in politics was such that it was unpleasant to hold
intercourse with you as a public officer. J This memorial
was forwarded by me to the Postmaster General in a short
bow asking for it a favorable consideration. Mr. Kendall
declined acting, in the absence of proof of particular ui-
stances in which your deportment had beeh offensive. His
letter to me to that effect, was sent to a gentleman at Clear-
apnng>aad the Postmaster General was requested not to
act finally oat the subject, tottil he heard again from the
memorialists. Several certificates, the precise import of
which, I do not at this moment remember, were forwarded I
-to sac, to be handed to the Postmaster General, which feas
done, aad I aaade no further inquiry on the subject until
after J had received several letters earnestly insisting on
the appointment of Mr. Kneffer, and soliciting my inter-
ference. I then called on the Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral for the papers in your ease, aad they were submitted
It my examination. I found that very few persons in your
neighborhood had remonstrated against your removal. They
alleged that you were acceptable to the people; but, in the
absence of other evidence of that fact than their letters
afforded, I was compelled to confide in the statements made
in the proceedings of the meeting referred to, and concluded
that it was the tellled, calm, and fixed desire of a decided
majority of the people interested in the discharge of the
duties of the post office at Clearspnhg, that they should be
imposed on your successor. This opinion was formed
under the supposition that you bad not been kept in entire
ignorance by your friends of that which I bad supposed
was known to every intelligent individual in your district.
And I must be permitted to repeat, that I am surprised at
the allegations in your letters, particularly as I was told
that you bad here in the Post Office Department a friend
who was fully apprised of all the proceedings X have re-
ferred to.
Under an impression, therefore, that you knew that your
appointment bad not giren, as stated sa your letter, «geni-
eral satisfaction;" that you were well aware that yon/ re-
moval had been recommended by a large number of persons
interested, assembled at a public meeting, and seeing on
die in the Post Office Department no remonstrance against
that measure except the letters I bare, already alluded to,
I concluded that the opinion I had formed upon the sub-
ject waa well founded, and determined to impress it on the
Postmaster General. With that purpose I called on him
about a month since, after having failed repeatedly to find
him at bis «Ace, in consequence of hi* indisposition, and
recommended verbally your removal, telling the Postmaster
General that you had been originally appointed at my in-
stance, and that ft would not have been done if I had been
aware that your appointment was Justly calculated te> dis-
please decidedly those who bar* remonstrated against it,
and to whom, as a public man, t am under many obliga-
tion*. Mfcorrcspondent at Clearspring had led rae to com-
mit an error which I desired to correct.
These an all the facts and circumstances whieh occur
to ne a* being necessary to communicate in reply to your
letter. From them you may learn by what I have been
influenced in the matter to which your letter relates. By
what considerations the Postmaster General has been in-
fluenced I know not, as I have not conversed or eorre-
asonded with him since- the time of the last interview above
referred to. If you have any desire to know anything as to
his motives and reasons, he alone can gratify you. I pre-
sume, however, he could say nothing which would be more
satisfactory than that which this tetter contains.
In conclusion, I regret that the appointment was origin-
ally given to you, a* It has been to me a source of much
annoyance; and as your removal appears to have wounded
your feelings, and will probably mortify some of your
friends, for whom I entertain a high respect.
Sespectfuily, your obedient servant,
FBANCU THOMAS.
Mr. Da no sbnaaeOa.
NATIONAL DEFENSE.
SPEECH ON HON. B. BROWN,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
Ik Senate, February 9 and 10,1836,
On Mr. Benton's resolutions, as modified by the merer,
an the suggestion of Mr. GttDNoY.for setting apart so
much of the Surplus Revenue as may bo necessary for
the defense and permanent security of the country.
Mr. BROWN observed, that he had not in- ,
tended to take any part in the debate which had
grown out of the resolution submitted by the
honorable gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Ben-
ton] until a few day8 since; when eorae remarks
had beenmadeintnecouraeoflhedebaAe which he
considered it his duty to notice. Strong arid im- j
-perative.howcver, ashefeltthisdutyiobe,hehad
been willing, on yesterday, to forego the discharge i
of it, in the hope that the discussion had appro  j
¡mated to its-close, and that the question would
.then have been taken- Disappointed an they bad
been in that hope, and renewed as the debate was
to-day by the gentleman from Virginia  [Mr.
Ltieu,] tlieconaidcrationswliicJihadtUeninduqed
him to abstain from asking the indulgence of the
Senate no longer operated; and he would proceed
briefly to fulfill what had then been hi* intention,
whieh, under the hope, that a vote would have
been taken on yesterday, had been temporarily
abandoned.
From the observations of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Leigh,] and the gloomy forebodings
he had expressed, (which he trusted wefe not well
grounded,) that, in the progress of the difficulties
between the Government of the United States and
France, we might be finally involved in a war,
we are (said he) admonished, by every consid-
eration of prudence, of interest, and of national
pride, to make the most effectual preparations for
any contingency that may happen. -That gentle-
man had deprecated a war with Frahcerhore than
with any, *f the ether «alione of the Old World.
He confessed that he entertained something like
the aarue feeling . Hece-afoasedlhathe had been
taught from hit youth to cherish the most lively
sympathies for the gallant people who aided «a
in oar glorious straggle for freedom; that France
was endekred to uo by every remembrance of that
contest. He confessed, too, that war greatly to
be deprecated between twq nations bound to each
other like France and the United States by such
a reciprocity of powerful interests; but when
France forgot what was doe alike to justice and
to bur1 national honor, he, for oae, Waa prepared
to consider her people, if the crisis shoalddentand
at,as "enemies in war, and in peace friends."
The gentleman from-Virginia deprecated war,
because of the hoiieful influence it would have
upon free Governments, and its tendency to arrest
their progress. Had it hot euggesteditself to the
mind of the gentleman that the same effect would
be produced in a much higher degree if we should
-succumb, .to the.dictates of a foreign. Power?
Would it not have, the effect to destroy the moral
power which our tree institutions possess at this
period, if we were to suffer oar national honor t 
be tarnished and our right  to be violated ? Most
assuredly it would; and he who wats most anxious
to benefit the world by the example of our free
institutions, should be the most careful to show
their influence in preserving us both from injury
and indignity.
The gentleman, in referring to the President's
recommendation, at a formar session, for the is-
suing of letters of marque and reprisals against
France, said that he never did believe that the
President was serious in the recommendation of
such a measure, and, until that time, no Govern-
ment, in ancient or modern times, had ever given
previous warning to its antagonist when it thought
.proper to resort to it. He would ask the gentle-
man if the distinction between the Constitution
of this Government and those to whom he re-
ferred had not occurred to him? How was it
-possible for the President of the United States to
act in a measure of the kind without the cooper-
ation of Congress; and how was it possible for
him to have obtained that cooperation without
addressing himself to them in a message? The
gentleman eosH see tit  impropriety in the Pres-
ident's giving to France explanations as to the
message sent by him in the performance of his
constitutional duty to a coordinate branch of this
Government. Now, almost every gentleman who
had addressed the Senate on this question, had
repudiated the idea that the Chief Magistrate of
this country should make explanations to a for-
eign Government touching the communications
made by him to Congress; and he confessed he
was astonished at hearing such sentiments uttered
by the gentleman from Virginia. He could not
.believe that such concessions could be made with-
out an utter sacrifice of every principle of honor-
without a violation of that independence which
we, of all others, Mould hold the most precious.
" in his opinion, the 'ground on this point, so
ably and successfullrmaintained by Mr. Living-
ston in addressing the French Minister, waslhe
only true and tenable one. When any thine; c*t-
cutated to impeach the honor of a nation is used
in the diplomatic communications of another, ft
then had a right to demand an explanation; but
where the matter taken exception to is found in
•a communication from the Chief Magistrate of a
nation to a coordinate branch of his own Govern-
ment, expressly intended to give information of
iu own affairs, the Chief Magistrate cannot enter
into any explanations with a foreign Government
without a surrender of every principle of honor
«nd independence. No Chief Magistrate ot this
country had ever done so.
Mr. B. would now proceed to notice some re-
marks made by gentlemen at an early stage of
this debate. The gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr; Crittckdkk,] a few days ago, remarked
'that we had not entered into extensive warlike
preparations previous to our late contest wit 
Great Britain; and he argued from it that as we
came out of that contest with honor, we were
now able to meet a less powerful enemy with
oar increased population and resources, withoat
placing1 the nation in a strong defejfrsrve attitude.
If ever a natiori had been taught by severe ex-
perience the fallacy of that doctrine, he thought
this nation had. To what cause were we to at-
tribute the disasters that marked the commence-
ment of that contest, but the want of adequate
preparation; but to the fact that «re had not made
the preparations which wisdom, prudencev and tt
sense of honor and interest demanded? Did not
the gentleman, recollect Kow the patriotic citiiens
of hw own State w*r« «ailed,on to'defend out
northwestern frontier from) the inett'rtioits of the
enemy, and did he not recollect the disasters of
the river Raisin, and other placee on the frontiers',
occasioned mainly by the want of necessary prep-
arations? It did appear to- him that if ever It
nation had been admonished by experience!—the
best of all instructors—'that in peace they should
prepare fbf war, it was the people of the United
States. The Senator from Delaware had endeav-
ored to justify hie vote, as Well as that of his
friends, on the rejection of the (3,006,000 appro-
priation, on the ground of «he unconstitutionality
of the amendment of the House,' and challenged
the friends of the measure to produce any war-
rant for it in the Constitution! bat the gentleman;,
unfortunately for his causes Had railed to pfdvte
.the truth of his position.' Unconstitutional, did
the gentleman «ay? By what authority (said
-Mr* B.) do we appropriate money for the public
service? Under the Constitution, whichiprovideto
that no money shall be drawn from the Treasury
bat in consequence of appropriation* made try
law. Then, if the Sen* ** %Ke United Stales
bad passed this amendment of the House; ^rirttld
the money not have bee  drawn from the'Trea -
ury in Virtue of an appreprtatiorvmade by raw"?
Undoubtedly it would have Wen drawn in pursu-
ance of the ver^ wordeof the Constitution. The
Constitution had not pointed o *whetáer general
or specific appropriations should be madtr, but
very properly left that matter to the wisdom of
Congress, to be judged of by the peculiar cir-
cumstances of the case.
While the gentleman waa endeavoring to extri-
cate himself and those who voted With liitai from
the diffieuhieB in which they had involved them-
selves, it appeared to him that he was plunging
himself and them still deeper than they were utto
insurmountable difficulties. By a comparison of
the report agreed on by the committee of conftr-
«nce of the last session in reference to this amend-
