1830.J
AEFEKDIX TOlTHBíüONGHB^IOHMi GLOBED
m
24tb Co o..w1st Sess.
JSlaéeryin the-Düttiót áf Cohtmbia—Mr'. Cmhing.
' ¡Hoí é*3&*s.
¿reasional districts, represented by gentlemen I
friendly to the Administration, there Was a ma-
jority of the postmasters in each opposed to the'
Administration.    In two others, friendly to the
Administration, they were nearly equally divided*
and from one other of the same political complex-
ion, he had received no information.    With re-
spect to the political opinions of postmasters in
districts in hisState, represented by members who
differ in their politics from the friends of the Ad-
ministration, he had no authentic information,
except that which is usually in North Carolina
denominated the " Mountain district;'' and that
information, Touched for, as it Was, by the re-
spectable gentleman who had furnished it, repre-
sented the number of postmasters in opposition
to the Administration as being moré than two to
one intíle number greater than those" who were1
in favor of it.   Mr. B. said that these statements
exhibited a result which he himself had scarcely
expected—it was, that in five of the congressional'
districts represented by friends of the Adminis-
tration, a decided aggregate majority of the post-
masters holding- office under the present pnwerip-
tSbe Administration, were in opposition to it.   To
which of the potinca! divisions the term " spoils
party" properly applied, he thought there could
be but little difficulty in determining.   It was by
ite means a pleasant task for him to perform, to '
go into an inquiry as to who were the real ofiee
Holders under the present Administration in his
own State; bat it was a doty which he had delayed
longer than he should have done, in justice to the
political party whose generóos support, at a crisis
of great public importance, had given him re-
newed evidence of its confidence.   He claimed for
the Denaoeratieparty of his State the distinguished
honor of having achieved their successes in the
last two years, not only in Apposition to the com-'
binationofpauies Which had been arrayed against'
than there, but to ft great extent in opposition té
the patronage of the Federal and State Govern-
ments,-with which had been united a majority of
the newspaper presses.   The patronage of the
Federal Government was against them, because
it bad so happened that the greater number of
those holding official stations under it in that
State were in opposition to the present Admin-
istration.   The patronage of the State govern-
ment bad been against them, because a majority
of the officers who had been elected to State
office* for the last two years, were, as he had
been informed on Site best authority, likewise
in opposition.
Notwithstanding diese facta, (said Mr. B.,) the j
potitieat party friendly to the present Administra-
tion bad beat unceasingly denounced as office-
bolder* said office-seeker*, influenced by no patri- I
otic motives, and governed only by the  most,
merceaary «orwidcralions.   Which of the parties'
in his own State had sought office-with most avid-
ity, let feds speak} which had succeeded most
in obtaining the «' spoils" of office, was a qfiés'-
tion not difficult of solution.    Mr. B. said, that
although the friendsrof the present Administration
were decidedly in the ascendency at the last two*
sessions of the Legislature Of North Carolina?, ffet 1
taey bad, with a libéraliíy Mot often imitated by
the Opposition elsewhere when hi power, elected
to office a majority who were averse to them in
politics.   He bettered this was an instance of
disinterestedness and magnanimity which had
been rarely, if at all, practiced in those States''
where political -power Bad Keen in the hand  of
tioee in opposition.
-Mr. CLAYTON, hdfh** asked permission to
explain, stated that the Opposition party in Del-
aware, though in power, bad not turned any
persons out at office for & difference Of political
opinions.
Mr. PORTER, having afs* retfaeeted permis-''
■ion to explain, made a similar statement with
respect t* the State of Louisiana. •
Mr. BROWN obnti/nied. WhenheArveway
for an exalanationfrom onfefeetnletnafcy hédid nof
expect that gentlemen would consider themselves
called on severalty to «take - their disclaimers.
They certainly wouMbave other opportunities*!1
explaining the course of parties in the States they
represented. He belteved the Democratic party'
had ssWom met with the mildñés* and fOtbearfeM*'
No. 7
mentioned by the gentleiaen who had just taken
their seats, in Jthose States where they had unfor-
tunately been Tn a minority. On the contrary, in
some of the States they had been proscribed and
sweplfrom offiCe.almost without a solitary excep-
tion.
Much has been said by gentlemen against the
dangerous encroachments of Executive power,
and the alarming consequences threatened by it;
but permit me (said Mr. B.) to say to them that
they have greatly magnified the extent of the dan-
ger. Prom what cause did the Executive branch
of oor Government possess poweFf Was it be-
cause of the great authority inherent in it? He
believed that the Executive office of this Govern-
ment had heretofore possessed powerthat it would
never possess again. The Chief Magistracy un-
der thts Government had hitherto been filled by
men, with but one exception, whose revolutionary
services gave them a weight and consideration
which their successors would never hereafter
obtain. The eminent services of these great men
had brought with them into office what, in truth,
is the great source of power in popular Govern-
ment—the public confidence. When the race of
revolutionary patriots is run out—when we have
no longer the remembrance of the thrilling inci-
dents of that eventful period of our national his-
tory to associate with the office of our Chief
Magistrate, it will be one of weakness, rather than
of exorbitant power, compared with the other
branches of the Government. The number of can-
didates for the office would create great divisions
in public sentiment, and all the disappointed
Would probably unite andarraythemselves against
the successful candidate, which would weaken
and embarrass his Administration. Gentlemen,
therefore, were greatly mistaken in supposing
that the Executive braneh of the Government
was  that which threatened the greatest danger to
our Constitution. His colleague had referred to
the land bill introduced by the Senator from Ken-
tucky. He would say, in a few words, that he
had always believed thisfneasure to be impolitic,
and on that ground had voted against it. If,
however, he should be instructed to support it,
by the Legislature of his State, he would readily
obey such instructions; but in their absence he
should, in the exercise of his best judgment, vote
against the bill.
With respect to the principal objest of the res-
olution before the Senate, he wrs not for making
appropriations to the extent of the surplus reve-
nue. He Was (said Mr. B.) in favor of sueh
judicious, liberal, and necessary appropriations
as would be sufficient to place the defenses of the
nation, both naval and mrlitary, on a respectable
footirfg. He believed that that Government Was
cruel ad Well a  unjost to its people, if it failed to
adopt such measures as were necessary to protect
them against foreign aggression. Failing to do so,
it betrayed one of the highest trusts confided to
Government by its constituency, tíe Was anxious"
that that body should concur in sohie measure
which wontd «bow the foreign Governments that
the American people were, united to a man when
a question feoncerning (he national honor, ór the
national safety, was involved. The Senate having
unfortunately failed at the" last session to exhibit,
on its part, that unanimity of feeling on so im-
portant a subject, it waS cáléulated to have «n in-
jurious effect On our foreign relations. He did
not mean to inffpeach the patriotism of the Senate;
bat it could not be concealed that the vote of the
last session bad, in some measure, produced the
belief that ¿here Would not'be that cooperation of
the legislative With the executive braneh of our
Government necessary to secure for us the respect
of foreign Powers. It was («aid Mr. B.) to aid
the moral'power Of Our GOvernment^aiwelt in
Europe as elsewhere, that hé was particularly
anxious that the greatest unanimity should pre-
vail in out* coaiicils on the present occasion. But,
above all, it was to take such a ground before the
Americas people'at would'redeem the Senate
from every suspicion of apathy in defending the
cOuhtry-^a fiuluré, he would again Bay, he did
not impute to improper motives—¡that he so earn-
estlydesired to" gm íhe'reBolu'tío'nf adopted. Those
whoibelieved that passive obedience and an im-
plbri%tot S tá feri^tt Gfev«nrme«  Wew catea*
lated to conciliate them and protect our national
character, deeply erred.
All history showed that the nation which had
endeavored to purchase peace by such a course,
had failed to do so. What was our history pre-
ceding the last war? One submission only led to
another, and one injury unresisted only served
to provoke other wrongs. But when the Amer-
ican people sternly and resolutely determined to
take a manly stand in defense of their honor and
interests, what was the consequence ? Our flag is
respected in every sea; our country occupies a
high stand amopg the nations of the earth; and
we have acquired a national character in conse-
quence of Our energy and decision, stronger even
than that which could be maintained by the largest
naval and military force. Let me, then, (said Mr.
B.,) entreat gentlemen by all the remembrances
assofciated with the deeds of imperishable renown
achieved in the last war, to maintain on this oc-
casion, that high national character, which the
valor of our Navy and Army had so honorably
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLÜMBIAt
SPEECH OF HON. C. CUSHING,
OP MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
January 25, 1836,
On the right of Petition, as connected with petitions forthe
Abolition of Slavery and the Slave Trade In the district'
of Columbia.
Mi1. CUSHING said: I hold in my hand sev-
eral petitions on the subject of the slave interest
in the District of Columbia. One of them I now
present to the HoUse. Upon it I make1 the pre-
liminary motion, understood to be necessary in
such cases, that it be received; and, in reference
to this question, I have some few remarks to
submit to the consideration of the House.
This petition prays fortheabolition of slavery,
and the slave trade, in this District. It is respect-
ful in its terms, being free from the offensive ex-
pressions and reflections contained in some of the
petitions on the same subject, heretofore pre-
sented. It is signed by inhabitants of Haverhill,
in the State of Massachusetts; and among the sub-
scribers are the names of citizens of that State
whom I personally know, whom I vouch to be
highly respectable, and who, Whether mistaken
or not in their views, are assuredly actuated by
conscientious motives of civil and religious prin-
ciple. They are constituents of mine; they have
transmitted to me the petition, desiring me, as
their Representative, to present it; and, under
these circumstances, much as I have deprecated
such a commission, and reluctant as I am to be
instrumental in the introduction of any matter of
excitement upon this floor, I cannot permit myself
to hesitate in the discharge of this painful duty,
believing, as I do, that it is the constitutional
right of every American, be he high o^be he low,
be he fanatic or be he philosopher, to come here *
with his grievances, and to be heard upo  Ms-'
petition by1 this House.
These petitioners look to me to obtain them a
hearing in this place; they have a right to require
this office of ine; they have, in my judgment, a'
right to be heard; and so longas I have the honor'
to hold a seat in this House, no constituent of.
mine, however humble his condition'of unwel-
come hisprayer, shall see his petition fhrWbaclT
in his faée unheard,-wlííle the gift of reason or-
speerih remains to me; for if it cannot be received'
and considered in the usual formé of legislation,
it! «hair fee heard through the lips of his Represent-
ative.   Nor will I undertake to scan, over-cap-
tiOasiy, either the object of his petition, or the,
language in which it is couched; rior will I stop to
imntire how far the petitioners and myself enter-
tain the samé opinions of the general subject-
matter.    And there are particular inducement 
which impel me to make a «and at the present'
moment upon this petition.
I declare and protest in advance, that I do not
intend, at this time at least, to be drawn or driven
into the duestion of slavery, in either of its sub-
divisions or forms. At home, I am known to bo
of those Who long a¿ fó<esaw, and early with-
