98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Cushing.
Ho. or Reps.
stood, the coming of this anti-slavery agitation.
Ofthe many occasions when I have actively intei-
posed in llni behalf, I hope to be pa.doned for
distinctly citing one as \tsting in me some titlf
to be candidlylieaid by the House. I allude to
a published üJiess upon the slave question, in
which I dclioeiatrlv asserted the constitutional
iHn  ot the South Hi this matter. It shall be
my aim, on this occasion, to do and say nothing
ln'-onsistuit vv th mv&clf, with the letter of the
Constitution, 01 with the spuit of the -various
romprom sesof lntutst and opinion incorporated
into the Union of tin so State .
The members of this House have been fre-
quently called, dunngthe present session, to vote
upon divisions connected with petitions of this
nature. On those occasions I have been content
to pionounce my vote simply, nnd without ex-
planation, leaving my reasons and motives to be
construed 01 misconstrued by others, as chance
might order. To have continued so to do until
thesubjectof the present contioversy were finally
disposed of, is the part I should altogether have
chosen, had circumstances permitted to me such
a course. But, if I have been silent, I have not
been incurious, noi, I trust, an uninstructed,
spectator of events. It is rendered apparent that
those great matters which occupy the public mind
abroad do now occupy also this House. If other
gentlemen, differing with me in part or in whole,
had voted without discussion, according to the
dictates of their individual judgment, each of us
could fairly have stood upon his personal convic-
tions, and his personal estimation elsewhere, for
his justification in the eyes of his countrymen.
But that, much as it were in my view to be de-
sired, is no longer possible. What has happened
here is enrolled already in the unchangeable rec-
ords of time and of eternity. It is become his-
tory. It cannot be recalled, it cannot be blotted
fiom the memory; it cannot be expunged from
the annals of the countiy. The winged words
uttered in this House have gone forth to the
world, on their mission of good or evil. Debate
we have; debate we must have, we are goaded
into debate, it is forced upon us, and from a
quarter of the Union whence, I am frank to say,
I did not look for it to come; and forced upon us
in terms of dictation which I cannot brook,
since they leave to me no alternative of escape
fiom debate, but in the passive surrender of some
of the dearest of our birthrights, those of free
petition, fiee speech, and fiee conscience. I say
of free speech and free conscience, both which
are involved in the resolutions moved some time
since by a gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Jarvis ]
When these resolutions shall be distinctly before
the House, it will become its members to reflect
whether they have the constitutional right to at-
tempt, or attempting, have the power to enforce,
what those resolutions seem to contemplate — a
peipetual prohibition of debate, and even of mo-
tions, upon a large and comprehensive class of
subjects. These rights, neither my constituents
nor myself feel disposed to surrender; and upon
one of these great liberties of the land, and for
the sake of incidentally vindicating the others, I
shall, in due time, address the House at length.
My only object, at this time, is to come to a
fair understanding with the House as to the
course to be puisued in the debate, and the dis-
position it will make of these petitions.
At a very early period ofthe session, a gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Hammond] met
such petitions with the motion that they be not
received. All the debates which ensued thereon
terminated in evasive and unsatisfactory votes
for laying on the table, which left every question
of principle unsettled.
Afterwards, on a similar objection to reception
being made by a gentleman fiom Georgia, [Mr.
Glascock,] my colleague [Mr. Adams] appealed
from a ruling of the Speaker on an incidental
point of order; which appeal, and the matters
connected with it, have been put off, day after
day, and week after week, and still remain sus-
pended for some future time of consideration.
Then came a set of resolutions applicable to a
part of the prayer of these petitions, moved by a
gentleman fromMaine, [Mr. Jarvis,] under which
there is a debate in progress, on an amendment
moved by a gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Wise,] to the effect thatCongiess have no power
granted by the Constitution to legislate on the
subject of slavery in this District.
Finally, on the last occasion when petitions of
this kind were presented, the question of recep-
tion being laised, that question was, by a vote of
the House, laid on the table, as happened this
morning in the case of those petitions presented
by my colleague, [Mr. Adams,] the operation of
which is practically to refuse to receive the peti-
tions.
Now, I am wholly dissatisfied with this course
of proceeding, and I cannot submit to it in regard
to the petitions which I am charged to present.
I hold that the question of reception, as it is in
fact and of necessity the first in order of time, so
is it the first in order of principle. It must not
be pushed aside to make place for the discussion
of speculative resolutions, or for debate on the
merits of the question raised by the prayer of
these petitions. I maintain that the House is
bound by the Constitution to receive the petitions;
after which it will take such method of deciding
upon them as reason and principle shall dictate.
It should first lend an attentive and respectful ear
to the prayer of the people. Whether it can or
will grant that prayer is an aftei consideration.
I have already kept back for several weeks the
petitions committed to me, in order to shape my
course according to the deliberate decision ofthe
House; but that decision does not come; it is con-
tinually procrastinated for the sake of considering
questions which, in my view, are secondary in
time and in principle to the question of reception;
and I can no longer consent that these my con-
stituents shall be held waiting, as it were, at the
doors of the Capitol for admission, when, as I
read the Constitution, they have a right to demand
immediate entrance, and to be respectfully received
by their assembled representatives.
I tender to the House, therefore, an alternative.
I place this petition at their disposal. If they
choose to fix absolutely on a time certain for con-
sidering and deciding the question of reception,
so that this shall take precedence of the other
debate, they will then have this day, as usual, for
its appropriate business of the general presenta-
tion of petitions. But if they decide, as hereto-
fore, to lay the question of reception on the table,
then I shall feel myself constrained to take the
floor upon another of these petitions, and to
keep it, as under a late decision of the House I
have a right to do, until I have fully debated the
whole subject-matter. If the effect of this shall
be to exclude all other petitions for the day, I can-
not help it. Be the responsibility on their heads
who raised this novel and extraordinary question
of reception, going to the unconstitutional abridg-
ment, as I conceive, ofthe great right of petition
inherent in the people of the United States.
[The question, " Shall this petition be re-
ceived ' " was then, on the motion of a gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond,] laid on
the table, when Mr. Cushing resumed the floor,
and said.]
I now present to the House a petition signed
by inhabitants of Amesbury, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts, among the subscribers to which are
persons whom I know and vouch to be citizens of
the United States. They pray for the abolition of
slavery and the slave trade in the District of Co-
lumbia, and in the Territories under the jurisdic-
tion ofthe United States. I make the preliminary
motion that it be received; and upon that motion
I proceed to express my views to the House.
Steering clear of all the inflammable matter
intruded into these debates, gauging myself to the
standard of the most absolute moderation, and
resolutely tying down my thoughts to the real
point at issue, what I propose to examine is the
single naked question of the constitutional right
of petition, as involved in the disposition of these
petitions.
Looking into the Constitution, I find, among
the amendments proposed by the Congress of
J789, and in the very first of the number, the
following article:
" Congress shall make no law respecting an
« establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free
' exercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of
' speech or of the press, or the right of the people
' peaceably to assemble and to petition the Govern-
' mentfor a redress of grievances."
Long before I had imagined that such a right
would ever be called in question, I remember to
have read the remark of a distinguished jurist
and magistrate ofthe State of Virginia, (Tucker's
Notes on Blackstone,) complaining that the con-
cluding words ofthe clause 1 have cited fiom the
Constitution did not strongly guard the great
right of petition, as the liberties of the people
demanded On the other hand, a still more dis-
tinguished jurist and magistrate, of my own State,
(Story's Commentaries,) in remarking upon the
same article, expresses the opinion that it is ample
in terms. " Because," he adds, " it [the right of
' petition] results from the very nature of the
' structure and institutions of a republican gov-
'ernment; it is impossible that it should be prac-
' tically denied until the spirit of liberty had
' wholly disappeared,and the people had become
' so servile and debased as to be unfit to exercise
' any ofthe privileges of freemen." These em-
inent constitutional lawyers agreed in opinion of
the importance ofthe provision, they differed only
in thinking—the one, that the right of petition
could not be too clearly defined; the other, that
whether defectively defined or not in the letter,
the people would take care that it should in spirit
be faithfully observed. While the first enter-
tained a wise jealousy of the encroachments of
the people's Representatives, the other looked for
the protection of the public rights to the people
themselves, the masters ofthe people's Repre-
sentatives. And as the fears of the former have
been verified too speedily, I trust that the hopes
of the latter will not be less truly realized.
There are some things in the contextand phrase-
ology of this article of the Constitution which
may deserve attention. It speaks of "grievances"
in the general, not " thexr grievances"—the per-
sonal grievances of the individuals petitioning—
but anything, public or personal, which they deem
to be a grievance. It is the same article which
allows to us the free exercise of our religion, and
the liberty of speech and of the press. With
these primary and fundamental rights of a free
people, it associates the right of petition. But
there is this peculiarity in the language of this
clause ofthe Constitution. The words applicable
to our subject are: " Congress shall make no law
abridging the right of the people to petition the
Government for a redress of grievances." The
right of petition, therefore, is not a privilege con-
ferred by the Constitution. It is recognized as a
preexisting right already possessed by the people,
which they still reserve to themselves, and which
Congress shall not so much as touch with the
weight of a finger. The people, in their Consti-
tution, say to Congress, we place in your hands
our right and power of collecting a revenue to
provide for the common defense and general wel-
fare of the Union; our right and power to regu-
late commerce, to coin money, to declare war,
and to raise and support armies and navies for its
prosecution. Upon these and other subjects you
may exercise the discretion which we repose in
you by virtue of our Constitution. But this you
shall not do: you shall not, until after the expi-
ration of twenty years, prohibit the migration or
importation of such persons as we think proper
to admit; you shall not pass any bill of attainder;
you shall not lay any tax or duty on exports; and
you shall make no law prohibiting the free exer-
cise of religion, or abridging the freedom of speech
or of the press, or the right of the people peace-
ably to assemble and petition the Government for
a redress of grievances. These, our great natural
rights, we keep to ourselves; we will not have
them tampered with; respecting them we give to
you no commission whatsoever; and rights which
Congress itself—the entire Legislature, consisting
of the President, the Senate, and the House, acting
in their combined functions m the enactment of
a law—is forbidden to abidge, can this House
alone undertake, by a mere resolution or vote,
practically to deny, abolish, and destroy' Sir,
if we can successfully do it, 1 have greatly mis-
conceived the democratic ancestry, the democratic
principles,and the democratic energy of the people
whom we are appointed to serve m this House.
