WW
APPENDIX TtDk^HK)CO GttES9I0NXIÍ3í5EOBE.
99
24th Cono..u1st Sess.
Slavery in the-Disirict of Columbia—Mr. Cushing.
sjs
H&.of'Rbps.
The right of petition, I have said, was not eon- I
ferred on the people by the Constitution, but was
a preexisting right, reserved by the people out of i
the grants of power made to Congress.   To un- i
derstand its nature and extent, we must, therefore,
look beyond and behind the Constitution, into the
anterior political history of the country.
And, in the first place, I beg of the House, and
especially of the gentlemen who so ably repre-
sent Virginia on this floor, to remember how this
article found its way into the Constitution.
You well know, sir, that when the Constitution
was submitted to the people of the respective
States for their adoption or rejection, it awakened
the warmest debates of the several State conven-
tions. Some of them, in accepting the proposed
plan of government, coupled their acceptance
with a recommendation of various additions to
the Constitution, which they deemed essential to
the preservation of the rights of the States, or of
the people. The Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts insisted, among other things, on the adop-
tion of that memorable amendment, to the effect,
'* that it be explicitly declared that all powers not
' expressly delegated by the aforesaid Constitu-
• tion.are reserved to the several States, to be by
• them exercised." Having attained this object,
and thus clearly ascertained what powers it was
that she parted with to the Federal Government,
■he felt less anxious in regard to some things
whieh in other States were deemed important.
Especially, she did not, for herself, demand the
insertion of those general clauses of political doc-
trines, popularly called, at that time, after the
celebrated English Bill of Rights, and known in
some modern European constitutions by the name
ef guarantees. She was less tenacious on this
point, inasmuch aa her own constitution was
very full in this respect. It contained two clause 
material X  the present question, in the following
words?
'* AH power residing originally in the people,
' and being derived from them, the several magis-
• trates and officers of Government vested with
•authority, whether legislative, executive, or ju-
'dicial, are their substitutes and agents."
" The people have a right, in an orderly and
'peaceable manner, to assemble to consult upon
' the common good, give instructions to their rep-
!Tesentatives, and to request of the legislative
1 body, by the way of address, petition, or remon-
strance, redress of the wrongs done them, and
< of the grievances they suffer."
These clauses being in Iter own constitution, I
say—and it being understood  by her that all
powers not granted to the United States were re-'
served to the States—she felt that she was safe in j
agreeing to the fundamental compactof the Union. !
The people ana the Commonwealth of Virginia'
reasoned differently from this; and I will not stop1
to argue whether they did or did not reason more
wisely than Massachusetts. They said, We'
choose to leave nothing doubtful whieh language'
can render certain in a matter of so much moment.'
We are laying the foundations of a Government'
which we hope may outlast the Pyramids. We
«now* from old experience, that the depositaries'
of the popular power are ingenious in the finding
ef glosses and interpretations to abstract from the
popular rights. Let us see to it that this Consti-
tution contain such expresa recognitions of the
right* of the people as it shall be impossible to'
misunderstand. We will write upon its very front'
the great doctrines of liberty in characters of light,'
which, like the burning letters in the banqueting-'
hall of Belahazzar, may blast the eyeballs of
whoever shall meditate treason to the democratic'
rights we have conquered with our blood and our
fortunes. Accordingly, the convention of Vir-
ginia proposed to amend the Constitution by
inserting therein the following, among other
clauses:
" That all power is naturally vested in, and
'consequently derivad from, the people; that
'magistrates, therefore, are their trustees and
'«genu, and at all times amenable to them."
" That the people have a right peaeeahly to
'assemble together to consult for the common
'good, or to instruct their Representatives; and
'that every freeman has aright to petition the
' Legislature for redress of grievances.*'
New York, North Carolina, and Rhode Island
proposed,either literally orin substance, the same
provision; and the consequence was, the addition
to the Constitution of the article which I am now
discussing, on the right of conscience, speech,
and petition. And such being the history of this
clause, I look to the gentlemen from Virginia
especially, constant and honorable as they are in
their attachment to constitutional principles at
whatever hazard, to go with me in maintaining
inviolate this great original right of the people.
But we shall not fully appreciate the force and
value of this provision, if we stop at this point of
the investigation. The right of petition is an old
Undoubted household right of the blood of Eng-
land, which runs in our veins. When we flea
from the oppressions of kings and parliaments in
Europe, to found this great Republic in America,
we brought with us the laws and the liberties
which formed a part of our heritage as Britons.
We brought with us the idea and the form of our
legislative assemblies, composed of elected repre-
sentatives of the people; we brought with us the
right of petition, as the necessary ineident of such
institutions. For when, in the whole history of
our fatherland, has the right of petition ever un-
dergone debate and question ? Go 'back to the old
parliamentary rolls, coeval with Magna Charca;
peruse the black-letter volumes in which the early
laws and practices of the English monarchy are
seen to be recorded; and, so far as you find a
Government to exist you find the right to petition,
that Government existing also as an undeniable
franchise and birthright of the humblest in the
land. The Normans came over, lance in hand,
burning and trampling down everything before
them-, and cutting off the Saxon dynasty and the
Saxon nobles at the edge of the sword; but the
right of petition renamed untouched. In all suc-
ceeding times, from the day when the barons at
Runnymede pledged themselves to deny to no
man redress of his grievances, through every
vicissitude of revolution and of war,-down to the
day when our forefathers abandoned their native
country, the same right of petition continued with-
out challenge. In the next reign, it is true—that
of the misguided Charles I.—the King invaded the
public liberties, and he expiated the wrong, as he
merited, by a felon's death. After the Common-
wealth had passed away, came the petition of
right, and with it the Statute of 13 Charles II.,
distinctly recognizing the old right of petition,
and regulating the mode of its exercise; and
again, after the dethronement and exile of James
IL,.the Bill of Rights, and the statute of 1 Wil-
liam, and Mary, again recognizing and regulating
the right of petition, as it has been exercised at
all times throughout Great Britain.
Now, I ask gentlemen to point me, in all or any
of the periods under review, to the precedents of
a refusal by Parliament to receive petitions. I
invite them to turn over the histories of parlia-
mentary proceeding, and cite me the examples of
petitions being thrust out of the House of Com-
mons or of Lords  at the instant of presentation,
on the ground that the prayer of the petition
ought not to be granted. Will they do it ? Cam
they do it? Is it not perfectly notorious, ort the
contrary, that every subject is freely admitted to
be heard in his petition, provided it be respectful
in terms, even although he pray expressly for a
downright revolution in the Government, as did
the thousands of petitioners who thus carried
through, in our own time, the great- measure of
parliamentary reform ? And shall the people in
republican America, with its writtert Constitution
for the protection of the public tights, and by a
body of strictly limited powers—snail the people
here be forbidden to do that whieh they may
freely do in the monarchy of England, having no
guarantees for the public liberty except taws and
prescriptive usages, all of them confessedly at the
will of an omnipotent Parliament? Forbid it,
reason! Forbid it, justice! Forbid it, liberty!
Forbid it the beatified spirits of the revolutionary
sages, who watch in heaven over the destinies of
the Republic!
Ay, but say gentlemen, if such things are not
done by the representatives of the people in mo-
narchical England, they hare been done by their
representative* ia democratic America,   We ara I
told of precedents at home.   What are those
precedents ?
To begin, I throw aside, as wholly inapplicable
to the question, or at least as evasive of it, the
case of petitions refused on account of disrespect-
ful language towards the persons or the body
petitioned. Those constitute a standing excep-
tion, independent of the merits of the subject.
The proceedings of the House in 1790, in refer-
ence to petitions on the matter of the slave trade
and of slavery in the States, have been cited. It
is said, in a note appended in print to the very
respectable speech of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Garland,] that those petitions were
not received. That is a mistake, as every gen-
tleman may satisfy himself by recurrence to the
Journals of the House.
Mr. GARLAND rose to explain. He said
that the note appended to his former remarks was
wrong. He was led into the error by Mr. Elliot,
in his fourth volume of Debates, page two hun-
dred and eleven. Mr. E. had copied the debate,
heading it " Slave Trade; on committing the me-
morial of the Quakers on the slave track, House of
Representatives, March, 1790;" and closing it with
" memorial rejected." From the statement of the
question, the debate being upon the commitment,
and the addition, memorial rejected, Mr. G. said
he took it for granted, without further examina-
tion, that the memorial was rejected without
commitment. Upon examination, however, he
found that this statement was inaccurate, and that
the memorial Was referred to a committee. Mr.
G. said he was indebted to the courtesy of the
gentleman from Massachusetts for the opportu-
nity of making this explanation, and correcting
the error.
Mr. CUSHING. I felt sure that the gentleman
from Virginia would, when occasion offered,
afford an honorable explanation of this error; for
1 myself noticed the statement in Elliot's Debates,
and might have been misled thereby if I had not
followed Up the subject to the Original sources of
information regarding it. The petitions were in
fact received, committed, and debated on report,
as I snail have occasion hereafter to state at length.
One oiher case is cited, that of the petition of
Vicente Pazos, agent wf Ne^ Granada, which,
in the year 1818, the House refused to receive.
But the printed debates of that day show clearly
the ground of rejection. Mr. Forsyth moved
that it be not received. " He stated that, as the
' petitioner was the agent Of a foreign Power,
'and applied to Congress as an appellate power
' over the Executive, he thought it improper that
'he should be thus heard." And the question
was decided upon this single point. I heartily
approve the remarks then made by a distinguished
statesman, now no more, who at that time repre-
sented Massachusetts on this floor.
Mr. Mills, of Massachusetts, said that, " the
•"right of petition was a sacred one, and belonged
•"equally to the meanest and the greatest citizen
•in the nation; and if such a petition as this, im-
' plicating the conduct of the Executive, had been
''presented from the meanest citizen, he Would
' receive it, and* if it complained of grievances
••without pointing out redress, it would be the
• duty of the House to give the proper redress;
' but it was to our own citizens only he would
' turn this listening ear. What right had a for-'
*eign subject to petition thi  House?"
" Sir, I have incidentally touched upon the argu-
ment ofprecedenta, and shown how untenable if
is; but I care not if there Were a thousand prece-
dents of refusal to receive petitions. Such a fact,
if it existed, would not abate my zeal on this
point, or Shift, in the minutest degree, my posi-
tion . Upon the Constitution—upon the preexist-
ing legal rights of the people, as understood in
this country and in England—I have argued that
this House is bound to receive the petition under
debate. It is impossible, in my mind, to distin-
guish hetween the refusal to receive a petition,
or its summary rejection by some general order,
and the denial of the right of petition. I have no
such microscopic eye as to enable me to discern
the point of ■difference between the two things.
This procedure may be keeping the word to the
ear, but it is breaking it to the sense; and I go
upongeaeraI,iu^r«t>or%inal,ftnidaaMtttalpnn-
