im?
Ámmir w the *m<*im&im\v uttm®
m
B4th C«no....1st Sess.         Jteffc/*/ Siffisrtr  hy Fire tn New ÍTerlc—Mr. VtiihmttA.
H<#tr*i«i*W
That report, as amended in committee, it in
the following words:
M The committee to what* were referred sundry
* memorials from the people called Quakers, and
* also a memorial from the Pennsylvania Society
* for promoting the abolition of slavery, submit
* the following report, (as amended in Committee
« of the Whole:)
" First. That the migration or importation of
« such persons as any of the States now existing
* shall think proper to admit, cannot be prohibited
by Congress prior to the year 1808.
" Secondly. That Congress have no power to
* interfere in the emancipation of slaves, or in the
* treatment of them, within any of the States; it
* remaining with the several States alone to pre-
* vide any regulation therein which humanity and
* true policy may require.
" Thirdly. That Congress have authority to
* restrain the citizens of the United States from
' carrying on the African slave trade for the pur-
* pose of supplying foreigners with slaves, and
' of providing, by proper regulations, for the
* humane treatment during their passage of slave*
* imported by the said citizens into the States ad-
* mining such importations."
" Four'hly. That Congress have also authority
' to prohibit foreigners from fitting out vessels in
•any part of the United States for transporting
* persona from Africa to any foreign port."
Now, I entreat the House to call to mind the
effect of these proceedings. There was no insur-
rection, no servile war, no agitation in the South.
Congress calmly and considerately examined the
whole broad question, not of the slave trade only,
but also of the slave interest. It decided how far
it could go, and how far it would go. I ta decision
went forth to the world and settled the question*
involved in it, as it were, forever. Nearly fifty
years have since elapsed, and 1 am not aware that
the points then adjudged have at any time since
been drawn into debate or controversy. And I
do declare my solemn conviction that if the House
would now pursue the same course, and dispas-
sionately determine what it can or cannot do, and
make that determination known to the country in
*  respectful way, the result would be precisely
ihe same ia this vexed question of the District of
Colombia.
Entertaining' these opinions of the course to bo
pursued, I beg of gentlemen to look at the ques-
tion, as I have done, in a calm review of facts
and of principles. They deprecate all agitation
unfriendly to the peace and reciprocal good will
of the different sections'of the country. So do I,
most heartily; and in my own humble sphere I
have earnestly exerted myself to this end. And I
do, unwillingly but decidedly, avow my convic-
tion, derived (rom abundant personal observation,
that it is not by the summary suppression of
petitions, it is not by Lynckimg this or any other
Cetition, that tranquillity is to be restored and
armony assured, either in the South or theNorth.
And whilst 1 entreat of individual members of the
House to regard this question in calmness, and
conclude it in judgment, as they would-any lesser
question, I warn and adjure the House itself, as a
constituent branch of this Government, to beware
lest, in deciding this general question of the right
of petition, it overleap the bound  prescribed to
it by the Constitution.
Men of Virginia—countrymen of Washington,
of Patrick Henry, of Jefferson, and of Madison—
will y* be true to your constitutional faith ? Men
•/ New York, «rill ye ride over the principles of
tfelderoocracy ye profess? Menof the West, can
y* prove recreant to the spirit of sturdy independ-
ence which carried you beyond the mountains ?
Men of New England, I hold you to the doctrines
•f liberty which ye isherit from your Puritan
forefathers. And if this House is to be seared, by
whatever influences, from its duty to reeeivs and'
■ear the petitions df the people, then I shall send
my voice beyond the walls of this Capitol for
redrew. To the people I say, your liberties are
in danger; they whom you have chosen to be
your representatives are untrue to their trust;
come ye to the raseuei for the vindication of your
right of petition, to yo« I appeal—to you, the
people who sent as here, whose agents we are, to
whom w* shall return to render a reckoning of
our stewardship, and -who are the true anñ only
sovereigns in this Republic.
SUFFERERS BY NEW YORK FIRE.
DEFERRED   DEBATE.
In m Hetrst or Rbpreibntativeí,
Fthruary 17  183ÍB.
The Committee of the Wh<rte on the state sf th* Union
having under consideration the bill from Ou Senate " for
ttw relief of the Sufferer  by the Fire in the city of New
York —
Mr.CUSHMANsaidtMr.Chairnwn.whetherl
should agree with gentlemen who have preceded me
upon the subject of the warehouse system or not,
is a question which need not now be decided; and,
although much has been said in regard to the
payment of duties, whether it be the importer or
the consumer, can have no influence with me, in
the formation of my opinion upon the subject now
I under consideration. It will be the best time to
discuss those subjects when they shall come before
' the House with more relevancy.
The design of the bill upon whioh we are now
catted upon to act, is to grant relief to thoBe who
have suffered by the recent calamitous fire at the'
city of New York; and, excepting the proviso in
the first section, presents two questions; and, in
my opinion, only two questions, which require
an answer. The first is, whether Congress has
the power to grant the relief which is solicited;
and the other is, whether it be expedient so to
do.
I, sir, entertain no doubt as to the constitu-
tional power of Congress to grant all relief which
this bill proposes to give, excepting what is con-
tained in the proviso to which I have alhided.
Alt that is-contemplated by the bill, excepting
the proviso, is to grant to those who have suffered
by the late distressing fire at the city of New
York an extension of credit upon all bonds which
have been given to secure the payment of duties, i
and which they now owe to the 'Government.
In this particular, Congress ought to exercise a
sound discretion. It is not improbable, that
should the Government press this unfortunate
class of debtors to make immediate payment, that
much might be lost which otherwise would uiti- ¡
mately be saved for the benefit of the country.
Every man who is acquainted wkh business,
knows that lenity oftentimes is productive of
great good, both to the creditor as well as the
debtor. Such, I doubt not, would be the case in
the present instance. So far, therefore, I think
we may safely follow the examples which have
been set before us by the action of Congress in
previous years. The gentleman from New York,
who made some very appropriate remarks upon
this subject the other day, called the attention of <
the committee to similar relief which had been
ranted to the inhabitants of the town in whieh
have the honor to reside. It is true, sir, that in
the years of 1803, 1807, and 1813, the town of
Portsmouth, New Hampshire,was visited by very
calamitous, destructive, and distressing fires; on
two of which occasions Congress readily granted
relief to the sufferers by extending the time of
paymentofall bonds then due at the custom-house
for one year, arid for one year only.   This bill
Croposes to exterid the time of payment of similar
onds from three to five years. The principles
involved, however, are the same, whether it be
for one or for five years. And if Congress have
the right to-extend the time of payment to those
who owe the Government for one year, it may
do it for five. And believing, as I do, that we
have the power to grant relief thus far, and that
it is also expedient that this, power should be
exercised on the present occasion, I shall cheer-
fully give the bill my support, provided the same
shall be amended agreeable to the motion made
by the honorable gentleman from Kentucky.
But the principie  in volved in the proviso above
mentioned do not meet my approbation, and -are
süeh as I shair not consent ia sanction. It is my
desire, therefore, to procure the amend mem which
has been proposed; tor without which, I shall fee
compelled to give my vote against the passage of
the bill. And, Sir, as precedents have been qu'otcrT
I as a reason why we should grant an extension of"
| credit to the tibove-named sufferers, I nsk the in-'
| dulgence of the committee, while I call its atten-
tion to one precedent, at least, which was estab-
lished at a very important crisis in the history of
this country; a period when the souls of men were
tried; a period when our forefathers pledged their *
I lives, their properly, and their sacréd honor, for
I the achievement of the American independence.
i While, sir, this tremendous stru^le -was going
on at the expense of so much suffering, of blood,
and of treasure, tire town Of Falmouth, now the
city of Portland, Maine, was consumed to ashes
by that vindictive foe with which this Spartan
band Was contending; in consequence of which
the inhabitants of that place were reduced to a
suffering condition hot easily described. And,
sh"j in this hour of unspeakable distress, when
the inhabitants of that town were without food,
without clothing, and without a shelter from the
storm, they petitioned the Continental Congress,
then in session at Philadelphia, for relief. And
if there was ever a case which would authorize
that Congress, or any other, to grant relief, that
was one. But, sir, how was the fact in this case?
Was the prayer ^f this petition granted? Were
the inhabitants of the town of Falmouth, thus
reduced to wretchedness, relieved by the patriot
band who composed that Congress ? No, sir,
they were not; but the prayer Of that petition
was rejected. Rejected, however, not because
they had no Sympathy to bestow upon suffering
humanity—for I presume there never were men
more alive to the Sufferings of their fellow-
creatures than those who were then assembled
in that Continental COHgress—but because it es-
tablished a dangerous precedent — a principle
which would ftOtue carried out without jeopard-
ising the best interests of the country.
Mr. Chairman, according to the information
w>hich I have received, the prayer of that petition
vnsopposed upon the ground which I have stated
—that It was then asked who would raise the vail
of futurity? Who eouid tell how long it might
be before the same unrelenting foe might \ety in
ashes the city of Boston, of New York, and every*
town asd city upon the whole Atlantic coast?
Grant relief ito one ease of-this sort—it must be
done in all others of a like character, whieh, for'
aught any mortal mart could tell, might, in a very
short time, involve the country in a dilemma front
which there would be no escape. It would be
establishing a principle which would make the
Government the underwriters for all the property
in the country — establishing a principle which,
ought not for a moment to be tolerated. And,
sir, there is, in my opinion, no difference between
that case and the one now under consideration,
excepting that was a request for a donation, end
this is a request for the loan of money for three,
four, and five years. But the effect'upon the
operations of the Treasury, for the time being,'
would be the same in one case as in the other.
Let Congress to-day loan- to the sufferers by fire
in the city of New York one million of money,
who among us can divine that, upon the same
principle, we may not to-morrow be called upon
to bestow a similar benefit upon others equally
deserving? If this Were to be thefJnly calamity
of this character, then adopt the proviso contained
in this bill, for no great injury would thereby
accrue to the country; but so long as the inhale
itants of New York, a  well as of every other
town or City, shall be subject to similar calamities,
we cannot grant the relief proposed in the proviso
of this biH without becoming the underwriters or
insurers of all the property in the country.
But, sir, I am opposed to retaining this proviso
in the bill, not only because it would establish a
dangerous precedent, but I am opposed to it
because I believe it would violate both the letter
and spirit of rise Constitution. From the phrase-
ology used in this proviso, we should not, per-
haps, come at once to such a conclusion. But,
sir, in plain English, it amounts tantthing more
nor less thaw a request for the loan of money.
The words used are as follows, namely: "That
< tkou who mow hwot psW their bondt subsequent to
'th* fin, shall ahobt entitUi to the benefits of this
•xtiie , and that th* laid bondt «so  b* rentuti
