106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 17,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defence—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
Leigh] inquired, why did not the friends of the
Administration, when they had the power of the I
Senate, and the power of the formation of the
committees of the Senate, make these provisions
for the defense of the country, if they were con-
sidered so necessary? My answer to the Sen-
ator has just been given. The Administration
and its friends considered their first duty to be
to pay the national debt. In that duty they pro-
ceeded as rapidly as the funds of the Government
and the legislation of Congress would permit
them to go; but before it was accomplished, and
the debt paid, the power of this body passed from
their hands, and with it the power of forming its
committees.
Mr. President, among the objections to the
passage of these resolutions which the debate has
drawn forth, none has been heard by me with so
much surprise as that made by the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] " that to arm is
to declare war." I believe, sir, this principle was
laid down by that honorable Senator in reference
to a rupture with France, which at the time he
spoke we all had some cause to apprehend; but
is it sound, as applicable to the condition of our
country then as now? Is it a principle which
should govern the statesman, as applicable to any
country atany time,and under any circumstances ?
1 contend it is not, but precisely the reverse is the
truth: that to arm and fortify, and be prepared for
defense, is to preserve peace. What country is
most liable to attack in the conflicts and collisions
which will arise between rival nations—that one
whose defenses are strong and adequate, or that
one which is exposed and defenseless? It surely
requires no great skill as a statesman or a diplo-
matist to answer so plain a question; and the
answer must establish my position, and overturn
that of the Senator.
I will next proceed, Mr. President, to reply to
■some remarks which have fallen from honorable
Senators, touching the extent to which appropri-
ations for defense ought to be carried.
The Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Critten-
den,] whom I do not now see in his place,
treated these appropriations as local, and calcu-
lated merely to benefit the portions of country
where the moneys are to be expended. Pursuing
this train of argument, he said he was not willing
to devote the whole surplus to defenses—to the
construction of fortifications—to the building of
ships—to the supply of ordnance—to the pur-
chase of swords and pistols; that he could not con-
sent to yield all to the coast and frontier, while
the interior, and the State he had the honor, in
part, to represent here, was to receive nothing;
that he could not grant all for war; but a portion !
must be reserved for purposes of peace. Was the
gentleman correct in considering appropriations
of money for the defense of the nation as local ap-
propriations?—as appropriations partial in their
character, and calculated only to benefit the small
districts of country wherein the moneys are to be
expended? Will he, upon reflection, persist in
governing his action by this rule? Is not our
whole country one country? Are we not one
people? Is not the blow of an enemy, strike
where he may, a blow at us all ? And is not the
defense of any point, equally to that extent, a
defense for the whole country? Are appropri-
ations for building ships local appropriations,
because those ships are to traverse the ocean,
and not the interior of the country?—because
they are to meet and beat oiF an enemy before he
reaches our soil, and not to meet him in the heart
of the country. Has the gentleman considered
the two acts we have passed during our present
session, making appropriations towards the ex-
penses of the Indian war at this moment waging
in Florida, as local appropriations for the benefit
of Florida? The assault of the enemy has been
local, as the assault of any enemy must ever be;
but is not the offense national, and the work of
defense national and general? I am sure, Mr.
President, the Senator will see the impropriety
of this objection, and abandon it.
The Senator further spoke of a demand for the
plow-shares of his constituents to be converted
into swords, and said they could not surrender
them for that purpose.   He mistakes the calls of
the resolutions. Their object is not to convert
the plow-shares of Kentucky into swords, but so
to defend the country that the worthy husband-
man of that and all the other States may hold
their plows and till their grounds in peace and
security, without danger from a foreign or domes-
tic enemy. That is their object, and the money
is now in the Treasury of the nation to accom-
plish this great national and constitutional object;
and the true question is, shall it be appropriated
for that purpose, or shall it be expended for the
gentleman's purposes of peace ? He did not spe-
cify what purposes of peace he had in view; but
1 inferred from his remark thatroads, canals,and
other works of internal improvements were what
he intended. Is it wiser to neglect our national
defenses for these objects, or first to use the money
of the nation to put the whole country in a state
which will enable it to defend these works against
an invader when they shall be made ? I consider
the most effectual appropriations for purposes of
peace appropriations for defense, and I again re-
peat what I have already attempted to show, that
the surest way to preserve peace to an extensive,
rich, and prosperous country like ours, is to be
prepared to defend ourselves promptly and effect-
ually against war, come from what quarter it
may.
Again: the Senator says, the country has not
been hitherto defended by fortifications and a
navy; and he asks, with much emphasis, " Were
not the people of former days as patriotic as we
are?" Let me ask the Senator, does he suppose
that our fathers of the Revolution—that the old
Congress, if they had had sixteen and a half mil-
lions of dollars at their command, would have
proposed to divide it out among the Colonies " for
purposes of peace," instead of applying it to the
national defenses? Does he suppose that the
brave men of the late war, who interposed their
persons and their lives against the march of an
1 enemy upon our soil, would have neglected the
business of permanent defense, if the country had
been in possession of the means to prosecute that
work? Does he believe that his brave and gallant
constituents — and I most cheerfully concede to
them bravery and gallantry and patriotism not
surpassed by the citizens of any State in the
Union—will call upon him to divide to them the
small portion of this surplus revenue which may
fail to their share, and will agree, in return for
that bounty, to make breastworks of their per-
sons when the hour of need shall come? They
have done this upon a former occasion, when the
country had not the means to prepare defenses.
Now the debt of the Revolution and the debt of
the late war are paid and discharged, the national
Treasury full to overflowing; and who will advise
to postpone provision for the general defense, to
the hazard of the lives of our citizen soldiery, if
not of our national independence, that we may
distribute the money to our respective constit-
uents?
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Ewing] told us he would vote liberal appro-
priations for the defense of the country; but, most
unfortunately for our condition, he assumed to
prove to us that the appropriations for that object
j which had been made in years past were greater
I than we have the ability to expend.   To establish
I his position, he read to us from a report of the
I head of the engineer department, made to Con-
| gress at some former session, stating that there
j were not in the service of the Government a suf-
' ficient number of engineers of skill and experi-
i ence to superintend the public works already in
progress, in a manner to secure the economical
expenditure of the moneys appropriated, or to
insure the proper construction of the works.    I
have not taken the trouble to look at the report
! to which the Senator referred, nor is it my object
j to impeach in any way the statements of the
officer who made it.   The report was necsssarily
confined to the engineers belonging to the corps
of the Government; and does the Senator sup-
i pose that all the science, all the skill, and all the
! experience in engineering which exists in the
country is confined to that corps?   Has he made
| himself believe that, if money be appropriated (
I for the construction of forts, the arming of our !
fortifications, the building and equipment of ves-
sels of war, the manufacture of arms, and the
erection of armories and arsenals, the Govern-
! ment cannot expend it for the want of engineers
of proper skill and experience? Give the money,
sir, and call for their services, and you will have
competent engineers, which will constitute an
army of themselves. If you do not, you will be
much less fortunate than any State has been which
is expending large sums upon public works, re-
quiring the most skillful and experienced engi-
neers; and still no State has an organized engineer
corps constantly in its service. Mr. President,
the apprehension of the Senator is unfounded,
for if money appropriated cannot be expended
in case the law making the appropriation be not
too much restricted to reach the object designed,
that fact will, I venture to say, be new in the his-
tory of government.
But as the gentleman relies upon the authority
of the head of the engineer corps for this objec-
tion to an increase of appropriations for defense,
and goes to a report made to a former Congress,
upon what subject I know not, if he had been
fortunate enough to have examined, with equal
attention, the communications from that same
officer made during our present session, and to
be found upon our files, confined to the subject
of defenses, he would have discovered what his
opinions really are as to the appropriations for
fortifications alone, which the state of the coun-
try requires and demands from Congress. He
would have found that officer telling us, that in
addition to all the appropriations recommended
in the general annual estimate, which is much
larger than the estimates of former years, there
is required for the year 1836, for the single ob-
ject of commencing new fortifications for the de-
fense of the sea-coast alone, $2,503,800. And
are we to believe that an officer of the standing
of this one would recommend to us this large
increase of our annual appropriations for a single
object, when he knew the moneys ordinarily ap-
propriated for fortifications could not be profit-
ably expended ? Surely, sir, we cannot be asked
so to consider the recommendations from that
quarter.
The Senator supposes he has also discovered
that the ordinary annual appropriations for the
Navy cannot be expended, and have been unne-
cessarily large in past years. In proof of his
position, he refers to a single item in a report
made by the Secretary of the Navy to the House
of Representatives on the 4th instant, stating that
the balance on hand of the moneys heretofore
appropriated for " the gradual improvement of
the Navy," on the 31st day of December last,
amounted to $1,415,000, and adds, as it were in
triumph, " here is almost a million and a half of
dollars of the appropriations of the last year yet
unexpended." Now,Mr. President, neitherthe
Congress of the last year nor the last Congress,
by any act of theirs, appropriated one dollar of
this money or of any money for " the gradual
improvement of the Navy.' All these appro-
priations are made by a law, approved March 3,
1827, appropriating annually for a term of years
$500,000 for this object, whioh law was continued
and extended byanotherlaw,approved 2d March,
1833. The expenditure of this money is con-
fined, by the acts appropriating it, to the purchase
of materials for ships, to the preservation of live-
oak timber, and to the improvement of the navy-
yards, and can be expended for no other purposes
whatsoever. Neither the Secretary of the Navy,
nor the Navy Commissioners, can put two sticks
of timber together, or do any other act towards
the building, arming, or preparing a ship for ser-
vice out of this money.
I know I shall be asked here, admit this appro-
priation to be'thus limited, and are all the mate-
rials purchased which are now, or may hereafter
be, required,'that this large'balance is suffered to
remain unexpended? I will show presently that
it is not unexpended, though it yet remains unpaid;
but, to cause the subject to be fully understood,
it is necessary to precede any explanation upon
this point with the statement of the fact that the
Navy Commissioners, who are the officers having
charge of the expenditure of the money appro-
