1816.]                                      APPfclKDiX TO THE GONGRESSIOIV AL GLOBEX
109
24th Conq....1st Sess.
SUnerf$ thel)i$trict of Cohmbia—Mr. Tallmadgt.
SENATE.
Like the right of personal liberty, the right of
personal security, and the right oí private prop-
erty, he has been in the habit of looking on the
right of petition a  an inherent and inalienable
right. Centuries have elapsed since this right
was first asserted, as one of the privileges of Eng-
lish freemen. The contest was long and bloody
between the prerogatives of the Crown, and the
immunities of the subject. These rights, which
were deemed natural, inherent, and inalienable,
were asserted and reasserted, affirmed and re-
affirmed, by various statutes, in different reigns,
and were finally embodied with the right of peti-
tion, in the far-famed " Declamation of Rights, "
which ended the dynasty of the Stuarts, and con-
summated the glorious Revolution of 1688. By
this it was established that every person had the
right to petition the King, or the Parliament; fot
a redress of grievance —« right, not conferred,
but affirmed, at that eventful period, and which
baa continued, to the present day, unquestioned
and unquestionable.
The Americans, as colonists-of Great Britain,
were entitled to these rights sad privileges, and
exercised them with that fearless independence
that became the descendants of Englishmen.
Many of the colonies, at a very early day, as-
serted them, by the most solemn legislative dec-
larations; subsequently, bat as early as 1765, "a
'convention of delegates front nine of the colo-
' nie , assembled at New York, and made and
' published a declaration of rights, in which they
'insisted, that the people of the colonies were
'entitled to all the inherent rights and liberties'
* of English subjects."
But these rights and privileges' wece more sol-'
emaly established by the first Continental Con-
gress, in 1774. This Chngressadepted a declara-
Horn efrigkti,** their English ancestors had done
before, them, for the purpose of "asserting and
vindicating their rights and liberties." They
Itocuano amongst other things:
" That the inhabitants of the English colonies
' in North America, by the immutable laws of
rnature, the principles of the English cofiStku-r
' lioa.and thb several charters ór compacts, have
* the following bjqht :
"That they are entitled to life, liberty,and
'property; and (hey have never ceded to any
'sovereign power whatever a' right to dispose Of
' either without their consent.
" Thai ftur ancestors, who first settled these
•colonies, were, at the time of their emigration
' from the sjother country, entitled to all therixhts,
' liberties.and immunities offreeaad natural born
' subjects within the realm of England.
" That by aueb emigration they by no means
' forfeited,surrendered,or lostany of those rights,
* but that they were, and their descendants now
"are, entitled to the exercise and enjaymentdf
' all such of them as their local and other cirenm-
' stances enable them to exercise and enjoy.
"That the? hmxarigM peaceably t«at*e*tUc>éon-
* sisVr eftheir grievance*, and petition th  King; mad
* that all preeeemfttns, prokUUara nroelastaitens, ami
' ttmmitattnttfor Ike asm*, art illegal.
" All and each of which the aforesaid deputies,
'in behalf of themselves and their constituents,.
' do claim, demand, and* instas en as their indu-
«bitabte rights and liberties, which oannet.be
' legally taten front them, altered, or abridged by
* any power whatever, without their own consent,
' by their representative  ¿* their/several Legist
•ktures."                                '      •   ■
I have selected fren  this iwoiánA'TJdíf some of
the " great and fundamental principles of Ameri-
can liberty," so far as they are appBeaWete the,
question under consideration. It-will be perceived
that the right s/ petition is «anted with the right
of Ufe, liberta, and proferta- neither^ which can
be taken away, altered, or abridged, wkhowteon-
sentj by any power whasevef. The Declaration
of Rights m the reign of James H., which led to
«he Revolution of 1688, we  but the prototype of
the Declaration ot Rights by the Continental Coftr
grew, which resulted irt the Revolution of-1776%
After the Declaration of Independence) and
when the people of the several State  began to
adopt constitutions for their own separate gov-
ernment, this declaration iof the old Congress
fora*d the basisi of Ule siHre/rtgéíí, which wen 
adopted by most of the States. In this way, the
people of the respective States became entitled to
all the rights, privileges, and immunities which
they enjoyed at the time of the Continental Con-
gress in 1774, -when they Twere thus solemnly
promulgated to the world, and continued to enjoy
them to the time of the adoption of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and the organization of
the Government under it in 1789. One of these
rights and privileges, as we have seen, was the
right ofpetition. Has it been taken away, altered,
or abridged by the adoption of the Constitution f
No, sir; so far from it, that it would be deemed
one of the fundamental principles of a republican
Government, and to result from the very nature
of our institutions. This would seem to follow,
even if we could find no traces of this right during
our revolutionary struggle. But, when it is seen
in every step' of our progress, from colonial in-
fancy •  revolutionary manhood, and until the
final establishment of our independence as a na-
tion, who can doubt its existence at this time,
and who can doubt- the propriety of its exercise
by every citizen of this Republicf
So well was the right of petition understood
by the people of the several States, and, thait it
was a right whiQh no power under Heaven could
take from them, that it never entered into the
thoughts of those wise and pure patriots' who
formed the Constitution, to provide for it in that
sacred instrument. These men were familiar
with our colonial -history.- - Marty of them, prob-
ably most of then , had assisted, in some mode
or other, either id the old Congress ar.in their
respective States, to declare in a solemn manner,
those rights and privileges as belonging to every
citieensand which eoula.not betaken fronvhini.
Well might they suppose, then, that there was
no necessity for protecting such a right in the
Constitution. No one dreamed that it could ever
be infringed «pon  and no provision was made in
relation, to ih. But the people werejealous of their
rights. The tiniou of independent sovereignties,
for certain purposes; in one general Government,
Was, at best, an experiment; and the wisest could 4
not foresee- the extent of power which -might be
attempted to be exercised. Many objections
were made by different States to the ratification
of the Constitution of the United Slates; and so
scrupulous were many of them, that they would
not simply ratify, but they accompanied their,
ratification by a declaration, or bill of rights,'with
Which the Constitution could not interfere; and
also, with certain proposed amend riients, express-
ing the hone that the necessary measures wowld
be forthwith taken, under the Constitution, to
hate them adopted.
The convention of the State of New York set,
forth the right* of the «itiaensati large, and with
great particularity. Amongst others was the
right.t©.<i/e, liberty, and property; " that the people
'have a right peaceably to- assemble together
'to consult fat their common good,or to instruct
'their representatives; and that evorf persm-san
>' tht right (a jKliriea <tr apply to the Legislature for
' rtdrem if grimancet." Thei convention of New
York also proposed many amendments, to the
Constitution; ana "declaring that the rights
' aforesaid (the right ,t* p'ttition, &c.) cannot be
' abridged or violated, and that the ¡explanations
'aforesaid are consistent with -the Constitution 
•and in .confidence that the amemdments^whioh
'abaU hare been proposed to thesaid Constitution
' will receives* eariyand mature eenaideratMsn"
did assent to, and ratify the said ConstttuttbrfUi
Thisconvehlion sat art fbugbkeepsie, tfie place;
of n y present residence;' and was «omposed ef
some of the most distinguished men of that'or
any other- ¿germen who, in the Caí" net «r the
field, would not suffer in co pari on witrvth*
sages and heroes of ancient*  modem times; and
I should feel that I waft doing injustice, both to
the.place and to their memories, were I te-, pass
over in silence so much assembled talent aod
wisdom, and if I tiid not attempt to maintain-, at
thin time sjnd on this occasion, a principle which
they deemed df such vital importance to- every
American citizen. The Constitution wa  thus
ratified by the* people of the several State , with
thesadeclsjrationo of rights ana kind ¡of condition,
(«ssTipartreftbefatasMlien.,.  :.     . .
_ What was the next step in putting-into opera-i
tion the new Government, and guarding the right 
of a people jealous of their liberties? At thejwsf"
session of the Fint Congress, in conformity to
the wishes of the people, as expressed by their
several conventions, Mr. Madison introduced cer-
tain propositions by way of amendments to the
Constitution. No one understood better than he
what the Constitution meant; what powers werer
granted by it to the General Government, and
, what rights were reserved to the people. He was.
a «rare of the jealousy that existed against it; and,'
on introducing his amendment , he said: " There
• is a great number of our constituents who are
' dissatisfied with it; among whom are many re-
' spectable for their talents and patriotism, ami
' respectable ibr the jealousy they have for theirv
' liberty, which, though mistaken in it  object; ia*
' laudable in its motive." He did not deem these-
amendments as essential in themselves; most of
them being merely declaratory of the rights of the
people, as they existed without them. " But,"
said he, " it would be highly politic, for the tran--
' quility of the public mind, and the stability •*"
«the Government, that we should offer sotnethln*
' in the form I have proposed, to be incorporated
' in the system of Government, a  • aetloraHom a/
«the rights ef tkeptopU." Let it be remembered
that Mr. Madison's propositions, a  introduced*,
were the same in substance, and almost the sans*
in language, with the amendments which were
adopted, and which now form/ part o( the Constr-r.
tation. Neither Mr, Madison, nor the conven*,
tien of New York, supposed that an amendment),
in regard to the right or petition, was necessary'
to grant to the people any1 new right, but merely
te remove the-jealousies against the new Govern*,
roent, by declaring,;in that shape, a right which-
equally existed without sueh declaration. It is a
remarkabléfaet, thsitet  entirely were most «f these-
amendments deemed mere ietUtration* (frights^
and not as granting any rights te tbe-peopie which-
they did not already possess, but rather affirming:
and guarantying those with wftkh they had never
parted, that Mr. Madison incorporated the moat -
of them from the 4eCl<tra6i>* of rights by-the New
York convention, Which accompanied the ratifi-,
catioftof the Constitution, and said, at the timer
of introducing them, that he .offered them'' *  #
dtelaraUontflhe rtghttoftht fotple.'';     •
What, then, istlieamandratntofthfeCenBtlt '-
tiort in relation to the right of petition? It Is this*
"Congress shall mttkje no Jaw respecting an estafe-
' lishment ef religion,or prohibiting the free excr*
' cise thereof; or abridging the freedom-of speech
' or the press; or the nght of the people peaceably
' to assemble, and to petition the Government for.
' a redress of grievances:" or, divested of other
matter; " Congi*   shall--make no law abridging
'the right of ths people peaceably to assemble!,,
'-and to petition the (¡rov-ernment for a redress- of
'grievance ." Such is'the amendment*and«uehr
its history-, from all which innost-elfciurlyappennsi
that ihe right efpetitiom belonged to the people-at
the time of the adoption of the Co«stitutwn( arid,
which could not be " abridged or ;vielit>r4iF !tha*>
the- amendment gave. a<* new tighttcfent'wa  a!
mere declaration of recognition*«i n> right which?
existed equally without iu   ■        "
t Jit te the 4bligaiim<tn';Congret$toréeti*e'-.th*>
petUien.—What is- that «Migante ? If ithaarbes 
shown that the -ekiaen ha  the-right. tfrpetitidB-t-.
and whiclr, I ^Mwhandtiianbokseidettbttde^imi 
it foHow4 that H (<iW^st¡í>n te t*e.n-Cftngvee8,it*.
reoeives cA'petitort ?fOTit|i 'Ht vai -t*g«inMhl 
right on tb« one band without incurring the. ofcüf
gatioA^m: th  others, itheingialway  «nders*o d-
that the petition be cawehed in. respebtfnl. h -
enags towards «ha body te which it 1*-presented !
otherwise   wnnMi be tejected on the.pnrftipie
of, setf-p wer 4tian«*n4- seK^proteetten, -  «*.
b*ln*gtto««eryil*gislatóvn' «dr«   •' •
•  Jei ob^ot6d ht>wev^w,tlNUrnottt r«ce*Teth( i
petitiePdoee not eentnavene that pr«vtsi*n Of the
Conetituticm whieh^ajwfr1" Congresf shhll mak 
'mo into «bridging the right «f th  ptople peace 
«aWy to sssemble.and tG peUti  Ae Goverft-
«meat for a redress of grievance  " To> reject,
the pptition, say  the Senator from SeH th Caro*'
lina, {Mr. CAtHOmtJ is not to make alaw abridge
iaf tte r«ht, *«.. Butletmc ««k,l«t «putit
