110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 17,
24th Cong....1st Skss.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Tattmadge.
Senate.
to the candor and the common sense of every man
■who hears me, to say, wherein consists the dif-
ference between refusing to teceive the petition or
makin? a law by which the citizen is prohibited
from presenting it' Let any one point out the
distinction—show me its piactical operation. In
both cases the nzhtof petition is equally denied;
and it matters little to the citizens by what means
you have ainved at such a result It is in vain
to tell them you have made no law prohibiting
the people fiom assembling and petitioning the
Government for a redress of grievances, if, when
their petition is presented, you refuse to receive
it. I have already shown that the right of peti-
tion existed prior to the Constitution; that it was
not parted with on its adoption; that it was per-
fect without any amendment of the Constitution,
and that such amendment was merely for greater
caution and to satisfy the jealousy of the people,
and was considered as a mere declaration of an
existing right. The language of the amendment
is the language of prohibition to Congress, and
not the granting of a right; because Congress had
no power to grant it. The people had never parted
with it, but merely, in this way, prohibited Con-
gress from interfering with a risht which already
existed. There was no necessity for such a pro-
hibition. If this amendment had never been
adopted, there is no doubt of the perfect right of
the citizen to petition, and the duty of Congress
to receive his petition. How, then, can the
amendment, which was intended not to make the
right more perfect, but more secure, be interposed
to defeat, if not to destroy it' How can we say
to the citizen, true, you have a right to petition,
and Congress cannot abridge that right; but in-
asmuch as we have made no law prohibiting its
exercise, we have the right to refuse to receive
your petition ' The result is the same in either
case. It is a denial of the right. And however
much such reasoning may accord with the meta-
physics of those who advance it, the practical
common sense of the whole nation will reject it.
If Congress should pass a law that petitions on
the subject of slavery should not be received, it is
manifest that under such a law such a petition
as the one now under consideration would be
rejected. But all will agree that such a law would
be unconstitutional, because Congress is pro-
hibited from making it—and Congress was so
prohibited because it was the right of the citizen,
with which no power could interfere but with his
consent. Would it not, thert, be equally uncon-
stitutional to reject the petition, when there is no
law on the subject* In short, if it be the con-
stitutional right of the citizen to petition, it is
equally the duty of Congress to receive his peti-
tion.
But it is said by the Senator from South Car-
olina, [Mr Calhoun,] they must petition for a
redress of grievances — and that they are not ag-
grieved by the existence of slavery in the District
of Columbia—and therefore have no right to peti-
tion. I will not stop to inquire how far a citizen
of one of the States of this Union may be inter-
ested in what he deems the prosperity of this
District, nor how that prosperity may be best
promoted; nor how far the condition of the inhab-
itants of this District may have a moral influence
on the whole Union; but I will test the matter of
grievances in another way — grievances, so far
as th« right of petition is concerned, are to be
judged of by the petitioner himself. No power
can prescribe rules by which he is to judge of
them; and to which his petition must conform.
You cannot lay him on the bed of Procrustes,
and stretch out or lop off his views, in order to
conform them to your standard. He must have
his own standard, and with which no one must
interfere, else his petition is not for the redress
of those grievances which he feels. His griev-
ances may be imaginary, or they may be real.
In either case the right of petition is the same;
though they may seem to others to be imaginary,
still to the petitioner they appear real. Of this
he must be the sole judge, so far as the right to
ask redress is concerned; but, so far as redress
ought to be granted, that is to be judged of by
those to whom the petition is addressed. They
have the sole power of determining whether his
grievances are real, and such as ought to be
redressed As they cannot lay down to him the
rules by which he is to be governed in asking,
so neither can he prescribe to them regulations
by which the redress is to be granted If the
right of citizens be not such as I have described
them, where is the propriety of permitting them
peaceably to assemble and consult of their griev-
ances, if on such consultation they are not to be
the judges of them, so far as the right of petition
for redi ess is concerned ' The light to petition
is a right which exists at the time of making the
petition, and before it is piesented. If the right
exists before it is presented, then Congress cannot
refuse to receive it when it is presented. After
it is received, then the petitioner can no longer
determine as to his guevanees, which may have
been imaginary, but Congress is left to judge
whether they aie real. If not, they will reject
his prayer, but not his petition.
Let us illustrate this right by some examples.
Let us suppose that the citizens of South Caro-
lina should petition Congress to pay off the debt of
the District. Would this be a grievance, whether
leal 01 imaginary, for a redress of which they
would have a light to petition' On the other
hand, suppose the citizens of any State should
petition Congress on this subject, by way of re-
monstrance against the appropriation of the funds
of the Government toany such purpose. In either
case, would Congress refuse to receive the peti-
tion ' Certainly not. And, at the same time, it
will be perceived that the grievances for which
redress is asked are of a diametrically opposite
character, and if the prayer of the petition be
granted in the one case, it must be denied in the
other.
Again, suppose some of the numerous and re-
spectable citizens of the North, who are opposed
to the Abolitionists, should petition Congress not
to interfere with the question of slaveiy in the
District of Columbia, would not their petition be
received ' There can be no doubt of.it. A peti-
tion of that chaiacter was presented a few days
since, by the Senator fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Buchanan,] and received without objection and
ordered to be printed. But, when one is pre-
sented on the other side, we are gravely told
that it is out of order, and cannot be received.
Wherein consists the difference, in principle, so
far as the reception of the petitions is concerned '
I can see none. And tins illustration also shows
that the petitioners must be the sole judges of
their grievances; for they are the antipodes of
each other; and if their grievances are redressed
in one case,theymustgounredressed in the other.
It is objected by the same Senator that Con-
gress has no constitutional power to abolish sla-
very in the District of Columbia, and, therefore,
the petition ought not to be received. This con-
clusion is drawn from assumed premises. I do
not intend, on this occasion, to enter into the
constitutional argument; I have sufficient grounds
for the vote I shall give, without reference to that
question. I will simply remark, in passing, that
if it be seriously contended, as it seems to be,
that Congress has not the power, then there are
at least, two sides to the question It is, to say
the least of it, a matter on which public opinion
is divided. Shall we, then, undertake to reject
petitions on this or any other subject where there
is such a diversity of opinion as to the constitu-
tional power of Congress to entertain them'
Shall we undertake to settle, on the very thresh-
old, on the question of receiving a petition, some
of the most important powers of this Govern-
ment' To what, would it lead? How many
cases are there, where there exists a diversity of
opinion as to the constitutional power of Con-
gress over the subject-matter' On all such sub-
jects, would you refuse to receive petitions, be-
cause, forsooth, we are unable to think alike on
constitutional questions> Would not the Senator
from South Carolina receive a petition for the
establishment of a national bank >
I trust he would, appreciating, as he does, the
importance of such an institution; and still the
constitutionality of such a bank has been contested
from the very organization of the Government
down to the present time. Would the Senator
refuse to receive a petition for a protective tariff'
I take it for granted he would, on the same prin-
ciple that he objects to this, namely, its unconsti-
tutionality in his judgment, and ytt the constitu-
tionality of such a measure is deemed by many
better settled than the Senatoi himself ran possi-
bly believe to be settled the constitutionality of a
national bank. Examples might be multiplied,
to any desired extent, to show the utter absui dity
of the position that a petition shall not be received
when any man or set of men believe that Congress
have no constitutional power to grant its prayer.
The petitioner is presumed not always to be the
best )udge of such powers of Government He
should be presumed to pray for none other than a
constitutional redress of grievances. He judges,
in the first instance, as to his own grievances.
Congress receives his petition, and determines,
first, whether they require redress; and second,
whether it has the constitutional power to redress
them,and whether it has or has not, the petitioner
is to be presumed to have asked for nothing else.
If he mistakes the constitutional power of Con-
gress, it were better that his petition should be
respectfully and kindly received, and the prayer
rejected, because Congress has not the power to
grant it. Such was the case with the petition of
the Society of Ctuakers in Pennsylvania and other
States, and also with that of Benjamin Franklin,
as Piesident of the Pennsylvania Abolition So-
ciety, piesented to the first Congiess. They
were received and duly considered, and Congress
adopted the following resolution in relation to
them:
" That Congress have no authority to interfere
' in the emancipation of slaves, or in the treat-
' ment of them within any of the States, it re-
' maining with the several States alone to provide
' any regulations therein which humanity and
' true policy may requue."
These two petitions were to abolish slavery
in the States, they were presented in 1790. No
question was raised about this District, because
the seat of Government had not yet been removed
here, but in regard to the States, there could not
be a more palpable case of the want of constitu-
tional power than those petitions presented; and
yet neither Mr. Madison, nor other distinguished
men of that Congress, thought of not receiving
them, although they were, each of them, from a
source well capable of judging in such matters.
But I do not deem it necessary to discuss on
this occasion the constitutional powerof Congress"
to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia. I
regret that the Constitution is not so explicit as
to put at rest all doubt on this subject. I wish
the power had been expressly reserved by the
States of Virginia and Maryland in their cession,
so that Congress could not interfere, any further
than to keep pace with those States in their legis-
lation in relation to this matter On the ground
of expediency, aside from any constitutional
power, I have no hesitation in saying, that Con-
fress ought not to interfere in any other way.
f the proposition were now, for the first time, to
introduce slavery into the country, 1 trust there1
would scarcely be a difference of opinion on the
subject, but no such proposition is orean be pre-
sented. If slavery be an evil—as it is deemed
one by a large portion of this Union—it is an evil'
entailed upon us; we did not bring it upon our-
selves. When we assumed the rank of inde-
pendent States, we found it here. It was inti-
mately interwoven and incorporated with our1
institutions. When we adopted the Constitution,
which forms the basis of our happy Union, we
recognized slavery as an existing institution in
the country, and it formed one of those com-
promises, without which we could have never
presented ourselves to the world as one inde-
pendent nation. Those compromises are sacred.
They must not, they eannot be interfered with,
without a violation, not only of public faith, but
of private rights. Those States where slavery"
exists must judge of the time and manner of abol-
ishing it, if it be abolished. They are best capable
of judging of it, and until Virginia and Mary-
land, which ceded this District, move in this
matter, I am unwilling to take the responsibility
of meddling with it contrary to their wishes, and
in opposition to the people of the District itself.
The efforts which are now made in reference to
this District are deemed by the slaveholdmg
