appendix to . mm wm&mmotim mtmvk
1836.] __J________________________________
24th Cong.... 1st Srss.   .        Slavery in the District of Columbia—JWn, Tallm/idgi.)
lit
8 tH?*:.
States as mere precursors of the assaults which i
•re intended for themselves.   No sincere lover of |
his country can look upon them without serious i
apprehension of danger to the peace and quiet
of those States, and to the Union itself.         _     ,
Entertaining these views, I am ready to receive
Ibis petition, and equally ready  to  reject its
ciations of these Abolition movements. Friends
and opponents of the Administration vied with
each other in reprobating these incendiary efforts.
I know of no presses there, except those owned
by, or in the immediate interests of, the Aboli-.
tionists, but what speak the same language.
When you see the presses that express the views
prayer.    By receiving it, we shall discharge our i of the great political parties into which the people
duty to the very respectable persons who have
tent it here, and by rejecting its prayer, we shall
discharge our duty to ourselves and to the coun-
try.    In the former case, we deny no right be-
longing to the .citizen; in the latter, we do but i
exercise a right belonging to ourselves.    When i
we have received the petition, we have granted
to the ciliten his constitutional right.    He can
ask no more of ua as a matter of right.    Then I
think it is our duty—a duly to consider the
grievances complained of.    If it be one, when our
minds from previous reflection and mature de-
liberation are made upad verse to the views of the
petitioners, then forthwith to reject the prayer is
giving to 4l due consideration, and all that can be
required at our hands.   The object of referring
petitions to a committee, is that they may be duly
considered; but if we are ready to pronounce upon,
them the moment they are received, it is no dis- ¡
respect to the petitioner that the prayer of his ,
petition be forthwith rejected; and the prompt-
ness with which it is done may satisfy him that (
it is an unnecessary burden to himself to send it
here again.                                                           i
Mr. President, I take leave to say, that the
right for which I have been contending is one not
peculiar to the North nor to the South. It is one
in which every citizen of this'Republic is equally '
interested,. _It belongs exclusively to no State or
section bf the Union, 'it is one, in the preserva-
tion of which our southern brethren are as deeply
interested as, we can possibly be.    It is a right,
of the State are divided uniting on this subject,
and representing the feelings of the great mass of
the people throughout the State, can it be doubted <
that the public sentiment of that people is sound?
If more evidence were wanted, I might refer to
the recent message of the Governor to the Legis-j
lature 6f the State.   Knowing his sentiments as
I do, and supposing they were familiarly known'
to every one who has taken an interest in this .
question, I was not a little surprised to hear his
conduct arraigned before this Senate by the Sen-
' ator from Alabama, in reference to his correspond-
ence with the late 'Governor df that State..   Per-
haps I misapprehend the remarks of that Senator.
I shall be glad to hear that I did, and will cheer-'
fully give way for any explanation he may wish
to make.                                          ¡
Mr. MOORE.   -In reference to the correspond-
ence alluded to, I did not intend to eommetid the
Governor of Alabama, nor to censure the Gov- i
ernor of New York.                                             |
Mr. TALLMADGE. Will the Senator in-'
form me whether he approve* of the demand made
by the Governor of Alabama on the Governor
of New York, and of the reasons for such de-
mand ?   ,                                                              i
Mr. MOORE. I approve of his sentiments in
relation to the Abolitionists. But, in regard to
the particular inquiry put to me, 1 can only say,,
that the late Governor of Alabama is a lawyer,
and I am not!. I will not undertake to give a
legal opinion.   The fault I find with the Governor
for the estabKshmerrt-of which, amongst others, r  of New York úa; that whilst he was expressing
our fathers made common cause, and poured" out    such strong disapprobation of the movements o{
thew blood together.    Are the gentlemen from    the Abolitionists, he did not redommenil legisla-
the South willing to sacrifice so great a principle, |' tive enactments to put them down,
merely because a few fanatics seem disposed to'l     Mr. TALLMADGE.    I understand theSeit-1
abuse it?   I beseech them to preserve the right , ator, then, to approve of that which wc all ap
inviolate, and let .the public sentiment of the
North correct the evU of which they so justly
complain. That public sentiment, 1 undertake to
■ay, is sound. This has been manifested by the
movements of our citizens. No sooner were these
crusades against the rights of the South com-
menced, than there was a spontaneous burst of
indignation throughout the North. I speak from
personal information and observation in relation
to the State of New York. Public meetings of
its citizens were held in every principal city and
village, denouncing, in unmeasured terms, these
incendiary attempts to disturb the peace of the
Union, and to violate the rights of the States.
These meetings were held without distinetionxof
party. Political dissensions were hushed, in the
universal wish to put down this ill-judged and ill-
timed agitation. This was the sentiment of all
parties; and afterwards, when political meetings
were held by the great political parties of the '
State, in reference to the fall elections, they did J
not fail to echo in their proceedings the sentiments
which had been expressed at the general meetings
which were held at an early day. The opinions
of candidates for the Legislature, and other elect-
ive offices, were publicly and distinctly known
on this subject, and received the approbation of
the people, as manifested by the .result of their
suffrages.
There is, also, an almost entire Unanimity of
the public press on this subject. New York, on
this occasion, has presented a spectacle scarcely
known in her past history. The violence of her
party politics has been somewhat proverbial 
The bitterness of her press has not unfrequently
been regretted; but its- course on this exciting
topic exhibited .a kind of moral sublimity which
has not been equaled nor surpassed. It has shown i
that when the grejU interests of the Union ase
involved, and the constitutional rights of the
States attempted to be violated, it can rise supe-
rior to all local or political considerations, and sus-
tain the principles on which the compromises of
the Constitution were founded. Yes, sir, the
public press of New York was loud in its dentin-
prove of; and as td the residue of Governor Gale's
I doctrines, his answer is non mi ricordo.   The
case alluded to, (said  Mr. T.,) is simply this:,
Governor Gale made a demand of Governor Mar*
cy, to deliver up to the authorities of Alabama
i the edttorof an Abolition paper in New York, as
1 a fugitive from justice —a man, who was then,
and long had been, a citizen and resident of New
' York, but who had^d from justice from a State
witlurt whose limits he had never been!    To state
the Case is to show its absurdity, and I will not
weaken the force of the able and eloquent an-
swer of the Governor of New'York  by any
further remark of mine.    But let us look to his
recent message to the Legislature, and see if he
is so obnoxious to the remark of the Senator'
from Alabama.    This message has been univeri ■
sally read and approved.    Honorable gentlemen <
from the South have frankly said it contained all -
that southern men could reasonably ask or desire.
After adverting at great length to the movement '
of the Abolitionists, and the consequences which'
must follow from them, he adds:'
" Relying on the influence of a sound and en-
' lightened public opinion to restrain and control
' the misconduct of the citizens of a free Govern 
' ment, especially when directed, as it has been
' in this casé, with unexampled energy and una-
' nimity to tbe particular evils nnderconsidoration,.
' and perceiving that it operations have been thus
' far salutary, I entertain the beat hopes that this
' remedy of itself will entirely remove these evils,
' or render them comparatively harmless. ■ ;Buti
' if these reasonable expectations should, tmhap-
' pily.be disappointed-—if,in the face of numerous
1 and striking exhibitions of public reprobation,.;
■elicited from our constituents by a just fear of
< the fatal-issues in which the uncurbed efforts of.
• the Abolitionists may ultimately end, any con-
' siderable portion of these misguided men shall
1 persist in pushing them forward 'to disastrous :
' consequences, then a question new to our Con-
' federacy will necessarily arise, and .must be met.
' It must then be determined hew far th  several
1 State* era provide, w&fafe tfaa prpp« «xareise
' of their constitutional powers, and how far, in.
' fulfillmentof the obligations resulting from their
' Federal relations, they ought to provide by their
' own laws for the trial and punishment, by their
' own judicatories, of residents within their limits"
' guilty of acts therein which are calculated and
• intended to excite insurrection and rebellion in
' a sister State. Without the power to pass such
' laws, the States would not possess all the neces-
4 sary means for preserving their external rela-
• tions of peace among themselves, and would be
' without the ability to fulfill in all instances the
' sacred obligations which they owe to each other,
• as members of the Federal Union.  Such a power,
• is the acknowledged- attribute of sovereignty,
' and the exercise of it is often necessary to pre-
' ventthe embroiling of neighboring nations. The'
' General Government is at this time exercising-
' that power to suppress such acts of the citizens r
' of the United States, done withiiv its jurisdic-,
' tion, in relation to the belligerent authorities-
' of Mexico and Texas, as are inconsistent with.
' the relations of peace and amity we sustained
' towards those State .   Such a power, therefore,
' belonged to the sovereignty of each of the States •
' before the formation of the Union, and as far as
' regards their relation to each other, it was not
' delegated to the General Government.   It still,
' remains unimpaired, end the obligations to ex-,
• ercise it have acquired additional force from the
• nature and objectsof the Federal .compact.   I
• cannot doubt that the Legislature possesses the
' power to pass s^ch, penal laws as will, have Jhe
' effect of preventing -the citizens Ot this Stale,
' and residents withm'itj'froTp availing themselves
' with impunity of the protection of its «over-
' eignty and" Taws, while they are actually era-
' ployed in exciting insurrection and sedition in
' a sister State, or engaged in treasonable enter-5
'^irises,intended tobe exeéutfid tnereihi.'*   -
These sentiments .will, without deubt* be re-
sponded to by the Legislature. They ere worthy r
of a Chief Magistrate who is worthy to preside
over more than two millions of people. If public
sentiment at the'North be sound—if it be such as
I have described it, is it desirable that it be kept
so i   One would suppose that to this interroga-
tory there would be a universal'response from
the South.   How i  it fo be kept thus sound.'   I
will tell you, sir. Let gentlemen tease to agítale
the question; suffer the excitement to get down*'
which is only kept np by the iU-direeteé effort -
of those here who profess the greatest horror of
the Abohtionists, and the cause in which they are
engaged; and, above all, do not deny to them, or-
to any citizens, the right of petition.   As they
have no ground of principle to stand 6n,do not
give them such a ground by denying- to them that
which every citizen has the right to claim.    We
can adopt no surer mode to create Abolitionists..
We can do no act that would please them so weH.
They are anxiously looking for this indiscretion;
nay, this infatuation, on our part; and let me say <
to'southern gentlemen, that their friends at «he
North are watching, with equal anxiety, our de ;
cisión on this question.   They know its affeot—
they foresee its consequences, and- would most
wiltin^lf avert ith'em.   Let me say to them, that
we are the best judges on this subject. We knowT
the feeling  of our oisti people'best-; and if they;
are sincere in their desire, as t doubt not they'
are, to put down this agitation let ihem n«t re->
fuse to reíeáve these petitions whenevw they .are -
presente*.' Let them  ot inirade so great a prin-
ciple, i  fütere arb those whom s«ch an ievamen •
will droase, When nothing else can reaeh them.
Let them toe assured that the great body of the'
people in with them; but a violation of so great A
principle as that iávolved in the rkhtof petition,
mar tara their thougbtrrnto a different channel. •
It was not the paltry tax on tea which gaye the >
impulse to the ball of the Revohrtion; but it waa-
the orineiafi involved which first- rocked the era*
die of American liberty:   Give the AbohuoBists -,
no such' advantage, and yo\i may safely rely on
the public sentiment of the North—that sentiment
which pervades the breast of every man who
loves his country and reveres her institutions—
that sentiment which restrains him from interfer-,
ing in this delicate matte , even though he may
suppose he has the constitutional power to do so -
