114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 17,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.        Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Preston, Mr. JSiles.
Senate.
¡"or daring, in his
i lie s.ncemy and good faith,
h in his ii ; otMtioii with this
of this body.    I refer the gentleman to his whole
speech.
Sir, I have witnessed another thin  in this
boJv wiuoh 1 never expedid to have witnessed
in an A'lie.uiu  Senate. While the Senator fiom
Soirh Caiolina hisitated not to make suoi ;nve
eáirs,es and donii.icuiuo.is against the chosen
o'ñcr's of the peop'e ^f this country, he luid ar-
raigniJ an \ineiican Senator for daring, in
ii'.u'c, to elm •«- nge
of a tor< i_r¡  mon.it
country — for investigating and examining the
conduct of i'iat niotiaich, and drawing such con-
clusions as nis judgment sanctioned, and ex-
pressing it in courteous language. Yes, sir, while
the honorable Senator hesitates not to charge the
Chief Magistrate of this people with falsehood,
he expresses his apprehension that the language
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, used in his
place, in the strict discharge of his duty, will give
offense to a foreign monarch. Sir, if this is the
way in which the battle of liberty against power
is to be fought, that gentleman need not search
for metaphysical causes to account for the divis-
ion of the South. Sir, I shall enlist under no
such banner. It is a war against the poner of the
people.
Mr. CALHOUN said, if the Senator from New
Jersey had afforded him the usual courtesy, by
giving way for an explanation, and stated what
ll was he objected to, he would have made the
necessary explanation; as it was, he could only
say, that he uttered no such thing as that im-
puted to him.
Mr. PRESTON said that the Senator from New
Jersey had held a language in reference to phrases
used by his honorable colleague, to which he
begged leave to say one word in reply Any
proposition made by his colleague he knew very
well that he was able to defend—he should but
incumber him in offering his aid; but when he
is denounced for using language which I (said
Mr. P.) in my heart approve, 1 cannot permit the
denunciation to eo abroad without sharing in it.
The gentleman from New Jersey referred lo the
contest to be fought between liberty and power,
and I say that if the contest did not originate
here, it is made when we are not permitted to
speak of the Administration in terms that we be-
lieve to be true, without being denounced for it.
It was a contest between liberty and power and
adverse to liberty. Pie would not agree tkat they
were not to open their mouths against those who
stood in high places without being charged with
a want of decorum. He would not deny that •
proper degree of courtesy in that body was both
becoming and necessary; but, on the other hand,
he was more remote from that spirit, whether it
be the spirit of the molten calf, or that prostra-
tion and debasement of spirit that would seal the
lips against questioning the conduct of those in
power.
The President of the United States certainly
demanded a degree of forbearance from his polit-
ical opponents; but am I to be told that we can
only allude to him in the humble language of a
degraded Roman Senate, speaking of their Em-
peror with his pretonan guards surrounding the
Capitol?   Am 1 to be told, when he came into
power on principles of reform, after " keeping the
word of promise to our ear, and breaking it to our
hope "—am I to be told that I must close my lips,
oroe denounced for want of decorum'   Am 1 to
be told, when he promised to prevent official influ-
ence from interfering with the freedom of elec-
tions, that I must not speak of the broken promise
under pain of the displeasure of his friends ? Am
I to be told, when he came into power as a judi-
cious tariff man, after my advocating his princi-
ples, and aiding in his election—believing at the
time in his integrity, though I did not believe him
possessed of intellectual qualities—am I to be told,
after pledges that have been violated, promises
that  have   been  broken, and   principles  set  at
naught, that I must not speak of these things as
they are, for fear of being denounced for want of
courtesy to the constituted authorities? Why, to
what pass are we come?   Are we to be gagged—
rvduced to silence'    If nothing else is left us, the
liberty of speech is left; and it is our duty to cry
aloud and spare not, when the undenied, admit-
ted, and declared fact is before us that these
pledges have been made, and have been violated.
This Admimstintion is about to end; and if gen-
tlemen can succeed in preventing us fiom com-
plaining of being deceivid—if tin yean reduce us
to nbiect slavery—they will also have to expunge
the history of the country, ihe President's written
and recoided communications to Congress, and
the most ardent professions of his friends when
fighting his battles, before they can conceal the
rt corded fart that he has made pledges which he
lias violated, and pi onuses that lie has repeatedly
bioken. If they succeed in reducing us to slavery,
and closing our lips against speaking of the abuses
of this Administration, thank God the voice of
history, trumpet-tongued, will proclaim these
pledges, and the mannerin which they have been
violated, to future generations.
Neither here nor elsewhere, (said Mr. P.,) will
I use language with regard to any gentleman
that may be considered indecorous; and the ques-
tion not easily solved was, how far we shall re-
strain ourselves in expressing a just and neces-
sary indignation; whether the expression of such
indignation might not be considered a departure
from courtesy. That indignation—that reproba-
tion, he would express on all occasions; but those
who took upon themselves the guardianship of
the Grand Lama, who was surrounded by a light
which no one was lo approach—about whom no
one was permitted to speak without censure, ex-
tended that guardianship to the Presiding Officer
of that House. Gentlemen were not permitted
to speak of the qualifications of that officer for
the highest office in the Government, lest they
may show a want of decorum to the constituted
authorities of the country. Shall we, sir, (said
Mr. P.,) because he is here as Presiding Officer
of this body, keep silent when he is urged upon
the people, who are goaded and driven to his sup-
port, lest we be guilty of Ictsm majestalii against
those who are the constituted authorities of the
country' Thank God (said he) it is not my prac-
tice to " crook the pregnant hinges of the knee,
where thrift may follow fawning." The practice
he alluded to foreboded much of evil. Coming
events cast their shadows before them, deepening
and darkening, and as the sun sets, the shadows
lengthen; and it may be the going down of the
great luminary of the Republic, and that we all
shall be enveloped in one universal political dark-
ness. A spirit had got up which, unless it was
successfully resisted, indicated a most diseased
state of the body politic. He trusted that an all-
wise Providence would, out of this confusion,
yet produce some good for our common country;
but if the principles which the gentleman from
New Jersey had pressed so far prevailed, we are
done—we are gone. If I cannot (said he) be
1 permitted to speak of the President or his suc-
cessor, or the constituted authorities of the coun-
, try, in terms that I think they deserve, we are
j done, and it is useless to continue the debate
' longer. He rose in his place to protest against
! such principles.
Mr. WALL, in answer to Mr. Preston, said,
! that he could not consent that gentlemen should
take a false position themselves, or place him in
a false position. He was not disposed to be tried
on a false issue, or that the honorable gentleman
should bring on the trial of a false issue. The
gentleman seems to think that I and those with
whom I act, wish to abridge the freedom of de-
bate. The gentleman is mistaken. Did I, or
any one else, attempt to interrupt the debate, to
stop the first gentleman from South Carolina, in
the course of debate ? Did he not say what he
chose, how he chose, and of whom he chose?
And how have I attempted to abridge the liberty
of debate? I have dared to express an opinion
of the manner in which the gentleman exercised
his right. Had I not a right so to do—to judge
whether it was consistent with the knightly bear-
ing of a gallant soldier of liberty fighting against
power.' Does the gentleman mean to monopolize
liberty ? I shall not consent to it without a strug-
gle. I repeat, were the gentlemen ever stopped
in the freest course of debate ? Yet when Í ex-
press my sentiments of that course, I am to be
reproached as bowing my suppliant knee to ,
power, as the minion of power.   Sir, I tell the Í
gentlemen, that they shall not monopolize the
liberty of debate. I shall maintain my lights,
without abridging theirs. Sir, thank fortune,
the people of this couiitiy do not weigh or pidge
of our devotion or attachment to libeity by our
professions. They judge by our tacts, liy such
1 nra willing to be judged. IJut I hope the gen-
tlemen will permit me lo profess to be as devoted
to liberty as they are. 1 can assure the gentle-
men that they do me great injustice; they make
a great mistake, if they really suppose that 1 or
my friends wish to abndge the liberty of speech.
Let them enjoy it in all its length and breadth,
ay, even to us utmost verge; let them speak of
the constituted authorities of the people in what-
ever language suits them; let them make any dis-
tinct issue, any specific charge, and they will be
met without shrinking; let them put their finger
upon any act of the constituted authorities of the
country, and they will be met, and, I venture to
assert, overthrown. But it is against general de-
nunciation and sweeping abuse, and the manner
of it, that 1 object. Sir, it may be owing to my
ignorance; it may be owing to my incapacity to
distinguish; it may be owing to my inexperience
in pailiamentary usages; but I must claim the
privilege of persisting in that objection.
Sir, I do not rise to enter into this debate, but
being up, I must object to the position and atti-
tude which the honorable gentlemen from South
Carolina seem disposed to assume for themselves
and iheir friends,as the only exclusive friends of
liberty on this floor. Sir, they are mistaken;
gentlemen here, who do not follow their lend, and
perhaps never will follow it, are as much devoted
to the great principles of liberty ns they can be,
and will go as far in their support and defense.
I beg leave to make another remark. The
gentleman has alluded to the contest for the next
Presidency, an¿- said that " coming events cast
their shadows before." Be it so. My constitu-
ents did not send me here to make Presidents for
them. That is a business that tliey like to do in
another manner. I am 6ent here for other pur-
poses, and shall endeavor to confine myself to
my appropriate duties. If, sir, the opposition
thus announced to an Administration not yet
formed, and as yet unknown, is to come, it may
be that we may gather from the past the issue of
the future. Sir, we are taunted about expunging
the acts of the President. No, sir, no friend of
Andrew Jackson, and, if I may venture to pre-
dict, no friend of his country, when the acts of
Andrew Jackson, as President of the United
States, come to be recorded by the impartial pen
of history, would wish to see one act of his Ad-
ministration expunged. They will add to the
proud monuments of his country's glory.
Mr. NILES. I feel impelled to submit a few
observations in reply to what has fallen from the
honorable Senators from South Carolina. I am
not opposed to the freedom of debate, either here
or elsewhere. I am an advocate for it, within
reasonable limits; but, sir, I have heard lan-
guage which I have not been accustomed to hear,
not having been long a member of this body.
When I hear the foulest imputations—the charge
of falsehood, and the violation of pledges, cast
upon the highest officer of this Government, and
a venerable patriot, I am unable to be silent. Sir,
that venerable man and high functionary who is
the subject of these uncalled-for and unprovoked
assaults, stands in no need of a defense from me,
one of the humblest members of this body. He
has no need of a defense from any one; yet I have
felt it a duty, occupying a seat here, to say a few
words to repel the unfounded charges which 1
have just heard with surprise and astonishment.
Sir, if there is any occasion for a voice to be raised
here in vindication of that illustrious man, this is
the only place where it can be Becessary. Every-
where else, sir, his fair fame, his great reputation^
are well protected; they are safe in the hands and
hearts of the people of this whole country. Yes,
sir, Andrew Jackson is safe in the hands of the
people—the whole people, in every section of this
extended Union. In the South, in the West, in
the middle, and in the North, he is safe—he is
strong in their confidence, their affections, and
their unshaken reliance on his integrity, his firm-
ness, and his patriotism.   They huve watched
