116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense :  The Administration—Mr. Shepley.
SfcNATÉ.
he wished to make a few remarks in relation to
some of the topics which had been introduced in
the course of the debate. And he desired first to
call the attention of the Senate most distinctly to
one of the statements made by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr Ewivg ] In his estimate of the sur-
plus in the Treasury he includes the seven mil-
lions of the stock of the Bank of the United
States. It is, therefore, in his judgment, not only
the duty of the Bank to pay over that sum at the
expiration of the charter, but it was to be remem-
bered tnatit had been so stated here by the friends
of the bank.
Mr. EWING explained, in substance, that he
had not asserted that the money would be then
paid over, but that the amount might be realized
by a sale of the stock; that the stock now sold so
high as to enable us to raise from that stock, he
thought, §8,500,000.
Mr. SHEPLEY said he was willing to receive
the explanation, and desired only to present the
case as the Senator wished to have it; but it was
certainly presented to us to show that we weie
to legislate, and ought to legislate, as if it were
certain that the amount of that stock would be in
the Treasury in season to meet the demands thus
to be made upon it. Although this allegation had
been made, and although he admitted that it has
been correctly made, and believed that it ought
to be placed in the Treasury, he had no confi-
dence that it would be so.
He understood the Senator also to assert that
there was a surplus, over the seven millions, of
about one million and a half in the vaults of the
bank, making in the whole to be applied to our
use, eight and a half millions.
Mr. EWING explained, that he did not assert
that there was such a surplus in the bank, but
only expressed his belief that there was; it was
his opinion merely.
Mr. SHEPLEY said he did not understand
the Senator as speaking from actual knowledge,
but as giving his opinion, as collected from the
returns made by the bank, and from documents
open to all. He believed that we might be justly
entitled to the whole amount stated, and if the
bank would pay us what was our due he would
be glad; but he feared we should never get any-
thing in season for us to legislate upon it this ses-
sion as available, and that nothing would be re-
ceived until after the termination of an equitable
process to settle the affairs of the corporation.
He did riot expect, looking at the histoiy of the
past, that anything would be paid without litiga-
tion. He would vote with the gentleman foi a
bill to sell the stock at any price not under par, as
soon as he pleased.
That there was a surplus in the Treasury, after
satisfying the amount chargeable upon it for the
last year, he supposed did not admit of doubt.
But he did not think it was proper to legislate as
if the amount of the stock of the bank was to
come into the Treasury the present year. Nor
did he think it proper to regard the sum already
appropriated by law as existing in the Treasury
tot any purpose of legislation. It could not be
appropriated a second time. This sum, there-
fore, of about seven millions and a half of dol-
lars, being already legally disposed of, must be
deducted from the amount estimated to be in the
Treasury.
He could not be expected to place great confi-
dence in the statements as tó the condition of the
Treasury, when he recollected that two sessions
since we were informed from that side of the
House that the Treasury was bankrupt; that the
demands upon it could not be met; and when a
report established the contrary, we were then
told that the causes then operating would soon
produce the result predicted. The Senator from
south Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] takes to himself
credit for having last session slated that there
would be ah excess of |9,000,000; but even lie
was silent, if my memory is right, when ruin and
báhlritpVíy were so Often predicted.
Another subject to which he wished to allude
was the alarm exhibited by the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. CaIhouNt,] lest the Govern-
ment should obtain the control of public senti-
ment, and so influence public opinion as to main-
tain its power by the elections.   Thi , it was
supposed, ivas to be done first by the means of
the office holders.
One of the Senators informed us that the Ai my
and Navy were " sound to the core," so that no
aid can be expected or feared from them. Another
class of officers by vvh'ch the elections were to
be controlled were the officers of the customs
No one as well acquainted as lit vas with then
duties would expect much aid in the elections
from them.
Look at the chaiacter of their duties. Their
business is to enfoice the laws, to collect the
taxes, to seize upon property and cause Us for-
feiture for violation of law. They are compelled,
as it were, to pi y into men's business, and to
come in contact with their private interests and
affairs. Such duties as these are not calculated
to give them an influence over popular elections.
Another class was the land officers; and with
their duties he was not famihai, but could readily
perceive that they were to collect money from the
citizens, to make entries for lands^ and to decide
upon conflicting pretensions; and it did not seem
to him that these were duties calculated to make
them very popular.
But the mostfoimidable class, and the one most
alaiming to the gentleman, is that of the post-
masters.
By these public opinion was to be corrupted
and controlled. A large poition of them—a very
large majority, if they were bribed or influenced
by money, were influenced by very small sums;
and from his knowledge of men, he thought that
those who could be influenced for so small a sum
of money to betray their principles, were of that
chaiacter that he would prefer that their influence
should be on the opposite side.
The money in the deposit banks, and the influ-
ence of those banks, were another source from
which were to flow corrupting streams. If those
whose fears weie excited would examine, they
would find, if he was not deceived, that a major-
ity of the stock in those banks was held by those
opposed to this Administration. So far, then, as
these was a souice of power, if used at all, it
would be used against the Administration. The
moneyed power in the country had been,and still
was, against the people and against the Adminis-
tration. The people always must expect it to be
opposed to them.
But even if the moneyed power were in favor
of this Administration, and there were a dispo-
sition to use it in purchasing and establishing
presses, and m circulating newspapers: he then
assured the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun\ there was little cause of alarm for the
ltbeitiesot the country. It is true, that along the
political highway we do find the political slam;
they remain as memorials of the past, atod as
warnings for the future; but these were never
slain by the slanders and abuse of a corrupt press.
Nor is it in the power of the press, whether coi-
rupt or pure, to destroy any man by general abuse
or general denunciation. All our past history
teaches us, that among all the numbers who have
been politically destroyed, not one has been so
destroyed by general denunciations of the press,
or by like denunciations delivered either in legis-
lative halls or in public assemblies of the people.
They have been destroyed by their own acknowl-
edged sayings and doings. The people judge
men by what they say and do; and it is only
when the newspapers give a correct account of
these sayings and doings that they become for-
midable. Nor am I alarmed that the Senator has
denounced the Administration as corrupt, and the
President as deceiving them,andas falsifying his
promises. General denunciation and newspaper
abuse, while it never destroyed one man, has
elevated, and may still elevate, others to stations
to which, without it, they might never attain.
The freedom of debate seems to be the subject
of much anxiety in a particular quarter; and from
a quarter, too, where the freedom has been pretty |
freely used, and he hoped it would continue to |
be so used.   He would not place the least restric-
tion upon it; hoped it would continue to be used
in all boldness and in all freedom.   He hoped so, I
because, as he had already said, it was from these >
free sayings that the people learnt men's opinions; I
and a direction was given by them to public seim* I
ment, if agreeable to the people, the man gained
in the public favor; if othciwise, he declintd
Hence, when he heard the Senator on this floor,
as it seemed to him, with bitterness and scorn
denounce the Democracy of the country, it occa-
sioned no other feeling within him than sorrow,
that such a sentiment and feeling should have
found a place in the breast of the Senator—sorrow
that it dwelt tnere; but joy, that, dwelling there,
it came out, that the Democincy might know it,
and remember it too, in all Ions: time to come.
Some occurrences here, he had noticed, seemed
to amaze and excite the Senatoi fiom New Jei-
sey, [Mr. Wall,] and if it would not be unac-
ceptable to him, [Mi. W. assented,] he would
endeavor to explain tbem. He supposed the
Senator might have read the Constitution, and
have there learnt the duties of the Senate; there
he might have learned that the Senate Was a
grave, deliberative assembly, a legislative body;
that it also paitook of the power of the Executive,
and appeared as a gieat council in important
matteis, concerning the nation; that it also par-
took of the judicial power, and might be a high
and dignified tribunal, bringing before tt for trial
the highest officers in the country; so viewing it,
he would regard it as sober, grave, deliberate,
dignified.
But there was one portion of its practical du-
ties, that he might have overlooked; it was the
part in which we were engaged five days out of
six, or, it may be, four days out of five. It was
only for about one, out of four or five days, that
we were engaged in oui constitutional duties; and
on the other days we were employed as a grand
electioneeung central committee; and it was this
part of our duties which the Senator from New
Jersey seemed to have overlooked; not finding it
in the Constitution, it might not have occurred to
him, and might have occasioned some surprise
upon his first appearance in the Seriate.
And if that Senator would further indulge him,
he would proceed to inform him, when in that
grand committee of the whole on political affairs,
how particular parts were apportioned out.
To the Senators from South Carolina seemed
to be assigned the part of general denunciation,
except that occasionally they assigned a very
peculiar part of it to the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Mangüm.]
To the Senator fiom Massachusetts [Mr. Web-
ster] the part of guardian, protector, and expos-
itor of the Constitution; and it must be admitted
that it was most ably and splendidly performed;
but he fancied he could always perceive a weak-
ness, even in his reasoning, when it was proposed
to take power by construction from any other
branch of the Government, and appropnate to
this body.
To the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay]
seems to belong the part of originating all im-
portant political measures^-a part performed with
great ability, tact, and eloquence; and we quite
well understand, if a resolution is to be introduced
to try the President unheal d, ora bill to influence
the people of the country through the distribu-
tion of their own money, from what quarter it
comes.
To your colleague the part of influence by the
way of an increase of salaries, and the supply of
extra compensations.   Very well performed.
To the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Rob-
bins] the part of introducing resolutions to give
good jobs to the printers, that they may have the
means of circulating freely all our political matter.
And if, perchance, the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
King] asks a reason for it, (a thing he is apt to
do,) the Senator has the wisdom never to givo
him one.
In this grand central electioneering comtriHo*
some of us are silent partners, and some of lia
do not hke political Work; and being of thw Uwt
number himself, has taken very little part in it
before this time, and now proposes to leave it.
Mr. MANGÜM said he ougbt to mate an
apology to the honorable Senate for the remarks
which had drawn on him the rebuke of the Sen-
ator from Maine. The other day he merely se-
lected some of the most distinguished Senators,
and assigned to them the line of duties which he
supposed properly belonged to them, or rather
