118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Niles.
Senate.
tional questions by resolutions.    Surely, sir, we I
ou°-ht to draw some lessons of wisdom from the
past; and when we are about to make a similar
attempt, it may be well to remember the issue of
the first great experiment.
But if the object of this discussion is not to
settle abstract principles, I would ask what it is?
Is it to quiet the public mind, and to put a stop
to agitation ? If I understood the honorable gen-
tleman from South Carolina, he declared this to
be his purpose. If so, sir, I am happy to say that
I can go with the gentleman heart and soul. I
believe that the peace and best interests of the
country, both at the North and the South, require
that this agitation should cease, the'public mind
be tranquillized, and confidence restored. But how
dogentlemen propose to obtain this desirable end?
Why, it would seem, sir, that they propose to
stop the agitation of this exciting question among
the people by agitating it here.
Mr. CALHOUN rose to explain. He said he
had not urged on a debate; he had done nothing
to cause a debate; he had only made the question
that the petition be not received; and if a debate
had ensued, he was not responsible for it, but
those who had opposed his motion.
Mr. NILES. I did not allude particularly to
that gentleman; my remarks had a more general
application. The Senator from South Carolina
made a motion, which he certainly had a right to
make, and although a debatable one, he is not
Íarticularly chargeable for the discussion which
as taken place; nor can I say that he has him-
self partaken largely in this discussion. But the
debate has come principally from one quarter;
and until the speech the other day from the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hill,] almost
entirely. I alluded to the fact of this debate hav-
ing been continued mainly by those who profess
to feel great alarm at the agitation of this ques-
tion.
Sir, I believe that the agitation of this subject
here will promote agitation elsewhere, and tend
to keep the public mind in an excited and fever-
ish state.
And here I must be permitted to express some
astonishment that gentlemen urge a discussion,
■whilst they avow that their object is to prevent
agitation. When I hear that this is their object,
asserted in the most solemn manner, I am bound
"to believe it. I trust the gentlemen are sincere;
at the same time I must be permitted to say that
the means by which they seek to attain their end
appear to me very extraordinary. Was it not for
descending from the gravity of the subject, I
would say, that.it reminded me of a person I have j
heard of in my section of the country. A man
who was very pugnacious and quarrelsome, who
"was constantly wrangling with his neighbors, yet '
always insisted that he loved peace; and so great
was his anxiety for it, that he declared he would
have peace with his neighbors if he had to fight
for it. If 1 understand the views of some honor-
able gentlemen, they seem disposed to agitate
this question for the very purpose of preventing
agitation.
■' Mr. CALHOUN wished to ask the gentleman
whether he doubted the sincerity of his declara-
tion, when he asserted that he was opposed to
agitating the question ?
Mr. NILES. I do not doubt the gentleman's
sincerity, when he so solemnly declares that he is
"opposed to agitating the abolition question here;
yet I must claim the right to make such infer-
ences from the course and the acts of that gentle-
man and his friends as I think they authorize.
Sir, I hope, most sincerely hope, there is no
disposition anywhere, in the North or in the
South, to connect this exciting subject with the
"party politics of the day. That there is no such
intention here we are fully assured. But is there
no such intention elsewhere? Sir, I am sorry to
say that I fear there is. 1 cannot shut my eyes
to occurrences of general notoriety; I cannot re-
sist the evidence of my senses. I fear there is a
spirit of mischief at work in a certain quarter, at
the South as well as the North; it is, I hope, in
both sections, confined to a small number of indi-
viduals.
It is a fact of general notoriety that there is a
press in this city—the one to which the Senator
from New Hampshire referred—professedly de-
voted to the interests of a certain party at the
South, which has long labored with a zeal and
perseverance worthy of a better cause to agitate
the public mind on the slave question, whilst it
has sought to alarm the South by the grossest
misrepresentations of public sentiment at the
North, by magnifying the numbersand influence
of the Abolitionists—by representing them as
connected with a political party, in the face <yf
the most notorious facts, it has endeavored to
encourage the Abolitionists to persevere in their
mischievous designs. There are also presses at
the South devoted to the same party, which have
pursued a similar course. Whilst these mis-
chievous vehicles have professed the utmost
abhorrence of the designs of the northern Aboli-
tionists, and to feel the greatest alarm at the
tendency of their incendiary publications, they
have at the same time given a circulation through
their own papers to the very worst of these pub-
lications, under a pretense of exhibiting their
enormities. These papers have been circulated
in the slave States, and are supported by a certain
party in that section of the Union. It has been
asserted by the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, that he has no fears from the circulation
of the tracts and other publications of the aboli-
tion societies at the South; that such is the state
of things there, it is impossible they should be
circulated. In this I presume the Senator is cor-
rect, and it is therefore fair to conclude that the
principal circulation which these mischievous
publications have received in the slave States has
been through the columns of political papers,
professing to apprehend the greatest danger from
the movements of the northern Abolitionists, and
to feel the greatest abhorrence of their publica-
tions. How is this inconsistent and absurd con-
duct to be accounted for, except by supposing
that there are agitators at the South, who are
attempting to create an excitement on the question
of slavery for political purposes? These same
vehicles have been urging on the South the most
dangerous and preposterous measures, as being
necessary for the security of the slaveholding
States—measures which, if not revolutionary in
their character, have an obvious tendency to such
results.                                                                  j
Sir, if there are such mischievous agents at the
South, who are seeking to build up a sectional
party by appealing to the fears of the people in
the slave Seates,and misrepresenting public sen-
timent at the North, they are more execrable and
more dangerous than the northern Abolitionists.
Sir, a southern convention has been advocated by
these men; and what can be the design of such
a convention but to increase the existing excite-
ment, to irritate the public sensibility, and to blow
the enkindling flame into a consuming fire? Can
such a measure spring from sober and discreet
counsels? Can it be called for to devise measures
for the protection of their interests, exposed by
the mad schemes of the Abolitionists? 1 thinkno
intelligent and candid man will maintain this.
There is another measure proposed at the South
by a very different set of men, and whose motives
I would bo the last to impugn. It is, that the Le-
gislatures of the slaveholding States have a right
to demand of the non-slaveholding States the pun-
ishment of acts committed by citizens of the latter
within their own jurisdiction. In a report adopted
by the Legislature of South Carolina, this prin-
ciple is asserted and maintained; and in another
State, sustaining an elevated rank in the Confed-
eracy, there is a discussion now going on in rela-
tion to the same principle.
" Your committee would be inclined to recom-
' mend to this Legislature to make an explicit
' demand on the non-slaveholding States for the
' passage of penal laws by their Legislatures, pro-
' viding for the punishment of the incendiaries
' within their limits who are engaged in an atro-
' cious conspiracy against our right of property
' and life.
" We concur entirely in the view which our
' own Executive takes of the grounds on which
• our right to demand the enactment of such con-
' servative legislation rests. Apart from those
' obligations, resulting from  the constitutional
• compact which unites these States, and which |
' makes it the imperious duty of one member of
' this Confederacy not to allow its citizens to plot
'against the peace, prosperity,and happiness of
'another member, there is no principle of inter-
' national law better established than that, even
' among foreign nations: such atrocious abuses
' are not to be tolerated, except at the peril of that
' high and ultimate penalty, by which a brave
'and free people vindicate their rights."
As rights and duties must be reciprocal, the
right to make such demand presupposes the obli-
gation to obey it. But supposing it is not obeyed,
as it most assuredly would not be; what is then
to be done ? When one independent State makes
demandsof another, of the redress of some wrong
done to it, which is refused, it then must seek
redress in its own way. And the right to make
the demand, supposes the concomitant right to
seek the redress.
We have heard something in a recent report—
I hardly know what—about a sort of inter-
national law, which is applicable to the States.
This is to me a new and strange doctrine; and,
as I have no faith in it, I shall not undertake to
examine it. Can a State, acting in its sovereign
capacity, commit an aggressive act against the
rights of another State, which will render it
necessary for the latter, acting in its sovereign
capacity, to seek redress? To state such a prop-
osition is to refute it. If any State should so far
forget its obligations to the Union, and to its co-
States, as by law or otherwise, to commit any
aggressive act against another State, such law
would be unconstitutional and void, and could
afford no justification to the persons executing
it, who would be amenable in their individual
capacity jr. the Federal courts, or the courts of
the State injured, if they committed any illegal
act within its jurisdiction.
Can the citizens of one State, whilst residing
within its jurisdiction, commit any aggressive or
illegal act against another State, or the citizens
thereof? It is clear to my mind that they cannot.
What relations, then, can ever exist between the
States to which the gentleman's [Mr. Calhoun)
principles of international taw can apply?
I admit, however, that the citizens of one State
may be guilty of an improper and unjustifiable
interference in the local concerns and interests of
another, and I will not deny but that there might
be a case in which it would be proper for such
State to restrain and punish such conduct by legal
enactments. But this never can be demanded as
a right; it must emanate from a spirit of comity
and that sense of justice which the councils of
every State must be supposed to entertain, rela-
tive to what is due to its associate States in the
Confederacy. If such evils exist, it must be con-
ceded that the State where they exist is the rightful
and best judge of the most suitable and efficacious
means to repress them, and it is to be presumed
that she will not want the disposition to apply
those means. This mutual confidence the States
must repose in each other; it is the cement of the
Union, and should the time ever arrive when it
becomes generally impaired and destroyed, I shall
despair of long preserving that political system
which ought to be the pride and boast of every
American, as it is the admiration of every enlight-
ened lover of liberty on the face of the earth.
Having briefly alluded to what 1 believe to be
errors in one quarter, I will now proceed to notice
those in another, and to bear my humble testi-
mony to what I consider to be the true state of
public sentiment on this interesting subject at the
North. In speaking of the North, as 1 may do
for brevity's sake, I wish to be understood as
intending my remarks primarily for the State
which I have the honor in part to represent; yet
I think I may say, in the language of the alma-
nac makers, that with little or no variation, they
will be equally applicable to the neighboring
States.
On this point I feel more confidence, and shall
boldly speak the things which I know, and bear
testimony to the things which I believe.
Sir, I apprehend that public opinion on the slave
question at the North, both here and in the slave
States, is greatly misunderstood, and that by
some, as 1 have already stated, it is grossly mis-
represented.    From these two causes, I fear great
