Í8M.J
APPENDIX Tr> THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GliOBB.
119
¡Strii Cong.... 1st Sess.
¿Savory in the District of Columbia—Mr. NUei.
Sjtif*a!E.
evils may follow, unless the truth is made to
appear. This I shall endeavor to do so far as
respects the State whence I came. I-shall fearlessly
give the whole truth as I understand it, let it out
where it may or whom it may.
Why is it that at this time there is so much
excitement and so much alarm in the slave States
regarding public opinion at the North in relation
to their peculiar institutions and interests? It is
owing to the conduct of a small class of men
who call themselves Abolitionists, and Who have
formed themselves into societies the better to
prosecute their designs. That the conduct «f
these fanatics—for I think I shall show they
deserve to be so considered—should have occa-
sioned some excitement, is not at all surprising.
It was perfectly natural, and probably unavoid-
able. At the same time, I do not hesitate to
declare, as my solemn conviction, that the general
state of public sentiment at the North in relation
to the subject of slavery, in all its aspects and
bearings, was never sounder since the establish-
ment of this Government than it is at this moment.
If 1 am correct in this position, as I shall endeavor
to show that I am, the danger to the South, if
any, can be nothing more than what is to be
apprehended from the immediate acts of the Abo-
litionists in attempting to circulate their inflam-
matory publications within those States.
But we have been told by the Senator from
South Carolina that this is not the evil which is
apprehended, because, he st>ys, it is impossible
to circulate the publications of the Abolitionists
in those States. In what, then, does the danger
consist? Why, the gentleman says in og-if at ion.
It is the spreading of the sentiments of aboli-
tionism in the non-slaveholding States, and the
prevalence, among the people of those States, of
opinions unfriendly, hostile, and injurious to the
institutions, to the rights, and the character of
the people of the slave States. To prove that
this is regarded as the source of the danger, I
will again refer to the report from which I have
once read.
" Let it be admitted that, by reason, of an effi-
•cient police and judicious internal legislation,
■we may render abortive the designs of the fanatic
'and incendiary within our own limits, and that
'the torrents of pamphlets and tracts, which the
 Abolition presses of the North are pouring forth,
'with an inexhaustible copiousness, is arrested
•the moment it reaches our frontier. Are we to
'wait until our enemies hove built up, by the
'grossest misrepresentations and falsehoods, a
• body of public opinion against us which it would
• be almost impossible to resist, without sepa-
«rating ourselves from the rest of the social sys-
• tern of the civilized world ? Or are we to sit
'down content, because, from our own vigilance
• and courage, the torch of the incendiary and the
' dagger of the midnight assassin may never be
«applied ?"
We are here informed, that the danger which
is apprehended, is from the building up of * body
of public opinion at the North, injurious to the
South, and which cannot be resisted without
separating the southern States from the rest of the
civilized world. But have the proceedings of the
Abolitionists done this ? Have they tended to
such a result? I think not—but their tendency
has been directly to a contrary result. How have
they been received ? Have trfey not everywhere
met with opposition ? Have they not everywhere
called forth the honest indignation of the people,
the strongest expressions of their reprobation ?
That this has been the case, in the State whence
I came, 1 shall endeavor to prove.
Butgentlemen seem to look to erroneoussources
to discover the public sentiment at the North.
At one time we are told that the women at the
North are all turning Abolitionists; that they are
signing petitions to Congress praying for the abo-
lition ofslavery in this District. If this was true
there might be cause of alarm, for they are very
apt to carry the men with them. I hope, how-
ever, it will not be supposed that the femalesin
the cold climate at the North are opposed to union
or the Union, for I verily believe they are ardently
attached to both. In respect to those who send
their names here as petitioners, they belong to
that small class who are always meddling with
matters which they do not understand, and which
do not properly belong to their province. They
are of those who are more busy and more anx ious
about the morals and religion of their neighbors
than they are about their own. They are of that
class who, a few years since, Were petitioning in
behalf of the poor Indians; and if applied to by
the same agents, would as readily sign a petition
praying Congress to appropriate the whole sur-
plus revenue to send missionaries to Asia. I
really hope, sir, no such petition will be sent here
this session, as we have now at least three pro-
jects before us for disposing of this surplus, and
thus saving the virtue of the people, which, in the
opinion of some, seems disposed to sink beneath
the corrupting influence of this alarming sur-
plus.
The honorable gentleman from Virginia has
discovered public opinion at the North, from
another source, more elevated, but scarcely enti-
tled to more reliance, as an evidence of the gen-
eral state of popular sentiment on the slave ques-
tion. He has had sent to him a pamphlet,
written by a distinguished divine in one of the
northern States, which favors the cause of aboli-
tionism. I have not seen that publication, and
was not in my seat when the gentleman read cer-
tain extracts from it, and know not how far the
writer carries his abolition notions. But I was
surprised at the comments of the gentleman on
this pamphlet. He stated that, from conversing
with many intelligent gentlemen from the non-
slaveholding States, from the proceedings of pab--
lic meetings, and other sources of information,
he had come to the conclusion that the general
sentiment was sound at the North until he re-
ceived the pamphlet referred to, which led him to
believe that something was rotten in Denmark.
Mr. LEIGH said he had used no such lan-
guage, nor conveyed any such sentiment.
Mr. NILES. I do not profess to quote the
gentleman's language. I have only stated what
I believe to be the substance of what the Senator
said as to the influence this pamphlet had on his
mind. I claim the right to use my own language
to state the substance of the gentleman's remarks,
and to comment upon them. I think I am not
mistaken as to the import of what the gentleman
said.*
Why, sir, did the gentleman mean to be under-
stood that he regarded the sentiments of one in-
dividual, however distinguished for learning or
intelligence, as outweighing, in his mind, all the
evidence he had received from all other sources ?
And why does the Senator attach so much im-
portance to the opinions of one individual? Is it
because he is a clergyman, and one eminent for
talents and learning?    If so, he has but little
* Mr. Leigh the next day read an account of this con-
versation or incident in a newspaper, and said that, accord-
ing to that account of the occurrence, it would appear that
be had been insulted, ami had tamely submitted to it;
although be did not then, nor did he now believe, the gen-
tleman intended any insult. He repeated bis disclaimer of
■sing the language and sentiments imputed to him.
Mr. Nii.es said he had no intention to misrepresent the
gentleman, or do him auy injustice, or treat him witli dis-
courtesy, tie bad no experience here, and did not know
what was the parliamentary rule; but supposed be had a
right to put his own construction on the gentleman's speech,
and comment upon it, leaving hint to make such explana-
tions or disclaimer as he saw fit.     ,
Mr. Leigu then asked the gentleman to state explicitly
whether be intended to doubt the sincerity of his disclaimer
of the language and sentiments ascribed to him.'
Mr. Niles said he had already denied baving any such
intention; that he bad never pretended to give the precise
language made use of by the gentleman, bat only the con-
struction of which he thought it was susceptible.
Mr. Leioh replied tbat he had no further remarks to
make, except that he was wonder-struck that any Human
being could pot such a construction upon the portion of his
remarks in question.
The following is an detract from Mr. Leigh's speech,
published in the National Intelligencer, understood to have
been made out by Mr. Leioh himself. It is believed fully
to justify the construction put upon it:
Extraet from the Intelligencer.
«I have since read the book itself; its title is, < Slavery,
knowledge of the character of the people. Was
the gentleman aware that, in looking to such a
source, he was going into the very camp of the
Abolitionists? So far as I am informed, a large
portion of the Abolitionists are clergymen. Ha
might, with nearly the same propriety, have read
a tract of the abolition society, as most of those
are probably written by clergymen, as evidence
of northern sentiment. However much the opin-
ions of the clergy may be respected on subjects
connected with their profession, on political ques-
tions, and all others relating to the interests of
the country, there is no class of men whose opin-
ions are more at variance with the general current
of popular sentiment. The reason is obvious:
they do not mix or take part with the people in sec-
ular concerns; their ideas are drawn from different
sources, and their opinions are abstract and spec-
ulative. Those who seek for publio opinion at
the North must neither look above nor below the
"people, but they must look for it among the people
themselves; they must direct their attention to
the great mass—the men who toil, and the men
who think; the yeomanry, mechanics,and labor-
ers; the men of hard hands, sound heads, and
honest hearts. These classes constitute the great
body of our citizens, and are nearly all sufficiently
intelligent to form theirown opinions on all ques-
tions regarding their own rights or duties, either
as individuals oras electors interested in the con-
cerns of the great Republic.* I will now proceed
to consider what I believe to be the general state
of public sentiment among my constituents in
relation to the matter under consideration. The
subject of slavery is a comprehensive one, and I
cannot speak of public sentiment without ana-
lyzing it, as it embraces several distinct ques-
tions.
The first is that of slavery, as it exists in several
of the States of this Union, and the power of the
Government over it. On this question it is neces-
sary to say but a few words, as I am not aware
that northern sentiment differs at all from south-
ern sentiment. No one supposes that Congress
can directly orindirectly interfere; and with the
exception of the1 small number of modern Aboli-
tionists, the opinion is scarcely less universal, that
the people of the non-slaveholding States have no
right to interfere in any way with the local con-
cerns, and the relations of master and slave, in
other States. Domestic elavery Is generally re-
garded as a political and social evil, but one with
which the people where it does not prevail have
no concern,any more than they have with political
evils in Canada or Ireland. But it is not consid-
ered that the present generation at the South are
responsible for the evils of slavery, nor is it be-
lieved that in general the condition of the slave
population, in point of comfort, is worse than
* liy William E. Channing;' printed at Boston, 1835. And
' I must say, that 1 have never risen from the perusal of any
* book with a feeling of deeper sorrow.   It has had the effect
* of weakening the chief remaining ground of hope in my
' mind, that the incendiary schemes of the Abolitionists ia'
' the northern States; the system of agitation tbey have or-
' ganized; the War they are kindling against the peace and
' happiness of the South, and the harmony of the Union;
' would be effectually counteracted and suppressed by the
' efforts of our fellow-citizens of the non slavehoiding
* States."
i Extract from the Globe.
«Since mat debate, he had read a book entitled «Sfa-
«very,' by • Mf• B- ehanaing, of Boston.   He bad never
« read any paper that tilled his mind with a deeper aor-
' tow.'*
,       *       *  •   •       n This book, saM Mr. L.,has im.
« paired hi my t-reaw the strong hope founded on tbe belief
* deduced from conversations with intelligent gentlemen
«from non-slaveholding State*, tbat tbat intelligence and
«good sense would be exerted to suppress this cause of nua-
«ehiei and agitation throughout the Union."
♦ These sentiments may not accord with those of Mr.
Leioh, who once stated in a speech, if my recollection to
correct, (as 1 have not the speech before me,) that those
classes who were compelled to obtain a livelihood by labor,
occupied a position similar to that of the slave population;
that they had not, and could not have, sufficient intelligence
to be safely intrusted with the elective franchise, or any
participation in the concern  of Government.
