HO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
•24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. JVt'/es.
Senate.
that of the free blacks of the North Slavery is
re'-re'Sfil as a siviil and political evil, in relation
to~ s inrttu no* on society
•J l*ii' wcomiI torni of this question is slavery
in Inn IMtriet The prevailing opinion is, th-tt
(" vi?re*« liivf constitutional power to legislate in
reNu -n to s'aierv in this Distnet This opinion
is not ^emra'ly ttie result of examination, as the
quest on h« n't been d «i ussed It has ne\cr
Iwn found n.-cessarv to discuss it, because very
few litre e\er supposed that it would be proper
or right l">r din'ti ss toact on this sub|ect, whilst
■la\err exists in the surrounding Slates. What
1 have stated to be the common opinion, I must
add is my own opinion, but 1 do not intend lo go
into a discussion of this constitutional question.
1 will only say that the ingenious and able arru-
men! of fie honorable gentleman trom Virginia
did carry conviction to my mind. That argument
was based on two assumptions, neither of which
1 think is true. The first is, that the power of
Congress is derived from the cessions of the States
of Virginia and Maryland, and is coextensive
with the power possessed by those States. This,
I apprehend, is incorrect. The cessions conferred
no power on Congress; they were nothing more
than a relinquishment of the jurisdictions of those
States; but such relinquishment did not transfer
to, and invest in Congress the precise measure of
power which they possessed, nor, indeed, any
power at all. If any State was to cede to the
United States a part of its territory, would such
cession vest in Congress the same jurisdiction
and power over it previously possessed by the
Siate' It is evident it would not. The power
of Congress is not derived from the cession, but
from the Constitution. A State can confer no
power on Congress.    The other assumption re-
r.rds slaves in the light of property only. This,
artprehend, is incorrect, because their owners
have not an absolute, unqualified, indefeasible
right of property, they have only an interest in
their services. They are also regarded by the
laws of all the Slates as human beings-, so that
there is something on which laws can operate,
besides the right ot property. I do not like the
language which speaks of slaves only as prop-
erty; it sounds harsh to my ears. I much prefer
the language of the Constitution, which speaks
of them as persons held to labor. I admit that,
*o far as regards the existing rights of property
in slaves, it cannot be destroyed by legislation;
and I can go no further.
But I leave this question, I do not deem it of
as much importance as many seem to regard it.
There are other, and, -to my mind, equally insu-
perable objections, to the abolition ot slavery in
this District, whilst it exists in the neighboring
Sutes. Are there no general principles which
ought to control the action of Congress, except
tlios* of a constitutional nature' l think thiie
are prtncip1' s of hi^ier authority and higher ob-
ligation- the great principies of justice and moral
right. Tnese principles existed before the Con-
stiluiion.and wi 1 survive it, unless that shall en-
dure forever. For Congress to aboush slavery
in this District, against the will of the inhabitants,
and whilst it exists in the adjoining States, 1
should regard as a palpable abtut of power, more
censurable than a \iolation of the Constitution in
a case ml cntire'v free from doubt. This would
be an abuse of power, involving a disregard of
the great principles of justice and moral right.
Such, I belif've, are the prevailing sentiments of
my constituents, who, for that reason, do not
trouble themselves about the constitutional pow-
ers of Congress over slavery in this District.
I proceed now to speak of the third form in
which the question of slavery presents itself—
that of abolitionism. This consists of two kinds:
abolitionism of the old school, and abolitionism
of the new school. The former amounts to
iiothing more than a rational wish and desire for
the e mancipation of all persons held in bondage,
and a disposition to advance that object by the- dif-
fusion of knowledge and the progress of society.
Of this kind of Abolitionists were Franklin and
JefWson; and there are many such at the North,
and I presume' at the South, and was it not for
the difference  in  the  two races—a difference
existing in nature, which seems to interpose an I
insuperable barrier to that object—I should hope
that   the whole free  population   of the   Union
would be Abolitionists in this sense.
Very ditltrentfrora these are the Abolitionists
of the new school. What are their pnnciples'
1 |udge of them fiom their own publications,
which I Imveex tmiiie'd They propose an mime-
díate abolition of sla\trv, and against the will of
those interested in it. Tiny, thoretore, propose
to abolish slavery by vióleme And this they
design toetfict in eonimunitu's where they do not
reside, and have no mtt rests or sympathies with
the inhabitants. Whatever may bo their inten-
tions, no rational poison can doubt that their
scheme has a tendency toitisuriectiou, massacie,
and a sernle war.
They regard slavery as a theological question.
They say it is a sin and a moral evil in the sight
of God and man, and ought tobe eradicated from
the earth, and that it cannot be wrong to remove
an evil. They aver that they have nothing to do
with the consequences.
Can men be sane who avow principles like
these, who are pursuing an ob|ect hating the
most important bearing on the vital interests of
society, which exposes it to all the horrors of
insurrection, massacre, and servile war, and yet
declare that they have nothing to do with the
consequences of their own acts > To call such
men fanatics is too mild a term. I have no con-
cern with their motives, but like all other moral
agents, they must be held responsible for the
natural and obvious consequences of their own
acts. This principle, true in moials, is not less
so in politics. Is it to be wondered at that a
scheme, based on a total recklessness of conse-
quences, should have excited the almost universal
indignation of an intelligent and moral people '
Does any one suppose that this scheme of Abo-
litionism has, or can, under any circumstances,
prevail to any extent among the people in any
of the free States' It is impossible. That it has
been discountenanced and reprobated by the peo-
ple of the State I in part represent, I shall endeavor
to show
But there is reason to believe that there is one
part of this scheme of abolitionism which has
been kept mo'e out of sight—that is, amalgama-
tion. Their hrst movements appear to have been
directed to this object,and were made in Connec-
ticut. In 1832 some of these men, residing in
another State, established a school in one of our
towns for the education, in the higher branches,
of colored females. It occasioned great excite-
ment in the town, and some in the State. In 1833
a law was enacted by the Legislature making it
unlawful lo set up any school in the State lor the
education of persons of color without the consent
ot the selectmen of the town. In violation of this
law, the school was continued,and a prosecution
was commenced against the instructress, which
was resisted on the ground that the law was a
violation of the Constitution of the United States,
and the question was never brought to a final de-
cision; but such was the honest indignation of
the inhabitants of the town and vicinity, that the
scnool was finally broken up.
The proceedinjs of the Abolition Society, in
the city of New York, called forth an immediate
and strong expression of indignant fepling in
Connecticut, which was nearly universal
The first public meeting was called in New
Haven. It was large, and comprised the most
distinguished and influential citizens of all par-
ties. The Governor of the State presided. The
resolutions adopted are strong and decided, and
re-probate the principles and proceedings of the
Mjoliuontsts in the strongest terms. I will read
some of the resolutions, sufficient to show the
views and sentiments of the meeting:
" Resolved, That we have witnessed, with min-
' gled feelings of alarm and reprobation, the reck-
' less course of some professed friends of the cause
'of freedom, whose efforts, under the mask of
< philanthropy, have infused gall and bitterness
* into our social system.
" Resolved, In the language of a report of a
' committee of the whole House of Representa-
' lives, made in the second session of the fiist
Congress which assembled under this Constitu-
tion, and by that body ordered to be recorded
in its Journal, ' that Congress have no authorit¡i to
tnterfere in the emancipation of slaves, or the treat-
ment of them in any of the States, it remaining
with the several States alone to provide any reg-
ulations therein which humanity and true policy
may require.'
" Resolved, That no man or combination of men,
in one State, has the right to interfere with the
constitutional rights, or to violate the criminal
laws of any other State in the Union, either by
sending publications leading to insurrection in
such btates or in any othei manner; and that
we hold it to be the duty of good citizens, by
all lawful measuics in their power, promptly to
at rest such ptoceedintrs.
"Resolved, That the concurrent testimony of
all parties in the southern States, as well as that
of the ministers of the Uospel of all denomina-
tions among them, whose proceedings ha\e been
published, cannot fail tu convince every reflect-
ing man that the late proceedings of what ara
called the abolition and anti-slavery societies,
have a direct tendency to excite insurrection and
dissolve the Union.
" Resolved, That as the  mail of the United
States was intended for common good, and is
supported from the common Treasury of the
Union, any citizens who make use of it as the
means of distributing publications hostile to the
public tranquillity, and under the presumption
of secrecy and security, transmit thereby, pri-
vately, incendiary documents that theytcould not
dart to follow to thtxr destination, aie deserving of
the reprobation of all good and patriotic men.
" Resolved, That in responding to our fellow-
citizens of Carolina, we are not insensible to the
devoted zeal which she exhibited in the achieve-
ment of our national independence, and that the
land of the PinLkneys, ot Laurens, of Moultrie,
of Marion, of Sumpter, and a host of other gal-
lant men who periled, with our fathers, ' their
lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor,' in
a common cause, deserve, as a rigAt, not as a
favor, the protecting influence and support of
every nortiiern patriot."
A public meeting of the citizens of Hartford
was soon after called. For reasons not necessary
to mention here, it was not so generally attended
as the meeting at New Haven, but the resolutions
adopted did  not the less speak the true senti-
ments of our citizens.    1 had the honor to be tho
organ of the committee which reported the res-
olutions that weie adopted.    There is one which
expressly  touches   on  the  question of slavery
in this District,  to which I would particularly
call attention.    I will read some  of the resolu-
tions:
" Resolved, That the States, in confederating,
retained all their rights as independent sovereign-
ties, except such as were expressly delegated to
the Union, and among the rights reserved weie
those relating to all matters of a local and social
nature, to private property and the security and
relations of persons, including those of master
and slave—for at that period slavery existed in
nearly all the States, and was sanctioned by
their laws.                                       ,
" Resolved, That in view of these obvious prin-
ciples, it is a violation of the spirit of the Con-
stitution for citizens of one State to enter into
combinations (to give more energy to their
efforts) for the avowed object of effecting a
change in the institutions, laws, or social rela-
tions of the people of other States, who, as
regards all such matters, are as entirely inde-
pendent communities as they would have been
had they not pntered into the Confederacy.
"Resolved, That the conduct of the Abolitionist
societies, in publishing and distributing in the
slaveholding States, in violation of their laws,
newspapers and pamphlets, the natural and
obvious tendency of which is to excite msuboi-
dination and insurrection among the slaves, and
expose the country to all the horrors of a servile
war, is highly censurable, and cannot fail of
meeting the leprobation of every friend of his
country. Such piocctdings being a violation of
the spirit of the constitutional eompact, are not
