124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Heirs of James Lythatn—Mr. Reynoldst of Illinois.
Ho. or Reps.
« as should guard against the future influx of these
' agitating documents into this Hall."
How can gentlemen, then, in the face of this
standing order, or rule of the House, object to
the reception of the petitions > Sir, (said Mr.
V.,) I voted for the resolutions—and so, accord-
ing' to the moat obvious rules of common sense,
must every gentleman who voted for them, have
voted for them—on the assumption that the peti-
tions, if presented, would be received, for, sir,
the reference of the petitions, which the resolu-
tions so emphatically order, presupposes the re-
ception of them You cannot refer a thing to a
select or a general committee before it is ieceit>ed,
and be was sorry to hear his honorable fuend
from North Carolina, {Mr. Bynum,] a few days
ago, contend that he did not consider the reso-
luuonsas imposing any obligation to receive these
petitions. He did not consider the reception of
them as so very respectful to the petitioners, when
they were referred for the very purpose of not
-only procuring the rejection of their prayer, but
of calling forth such arguments and expostula-
tions as should guard against our being troubled
with them hereafter. To receive a thing for the
purpose of killing it, was not, in his humble esti-
mation, such a reception of it as was objection-
able on the score of icspect to those who sent it
here.
But gentlemen tell us they want discussion.
They do not like to be muzzled when these peti-
tions come here. Sir, (said Mr. V.,) how com-
pletely has the policy of a certain section of this
country chanjed within a few short years. He
well recollected that, less than two years ago,
upon the introduction of one of tnese petitions
praying for the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, a discussion was commenced
in relation to it, in which some gentlemen from
the South evinced a disposition to participate,
when an honorable and distinguished gentleman
i'tom Virginia, whose great experience gave him
k well merited influence here, [Mr. Archer, now
not a member,] rose in his place, and admonished
i.outhern gentlemen, by every consideration of
If gard to their great interest, not to discuss tins
matter.
The SPEAKER interrupted Mr. V., and said
ne was traveling out of the legitimate range of
ut bate.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he had many things
Inore to say, but he was apprehensive that he
would be obliged very soon to choose the alter-
native which his friend from Virginia [Mr. Gar-
land] had just submitted to with so much grace—
namely, take hts teat,and forego the residue of his
tpeech. He would, however, before he closed,
remind the House on what grounds the reception
i f these petitions was objected to before the adop-
tion of the resolutions of the honorable gentleman
from South Carolina.
Mr. GARLAND called Mr. V. to order, and
Ihe Speaker decided that he was out of order.
Mr. VANDERPOEL then concluded by re-
marking that, for the reasons which he had already
urged, and for ninety-nine other reasons that he
could have urged if he had not been arrested by
calls of order, he would vote to reverse the de-
cision of the Speaker.
HEIRS OF JAMES LATHAM.
REMARKS OF JOHN REYNOLDS,
OF  ILLINOS,
Is the House or Representative),
February 27,1836.
A bill for the relief ot tbe heirs of James Latham, de-
ceased, provides that the beira be permitted to enter a quar-
ter secuon of land, by virtue of a preemption, in the State
of Illinois. Mr Vintoi, of Obio, moved an amendment
in the committee, which was adopted, that restricted the
location to lands that are now in market.
Mr. REYNOLDS, in opposition to the amend-
ment, remarked that he was satisfied the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, who had acted on this
subject on yesterday, did not fully comprehend it,
or else a different decision would be given.
It is no disparagement or insult to the judg-
I ment of this honorable body that they did not
understand a subject that was not interesting to
them, and of but small import to any one except
the parties concerned in it. He coincided with
the opinion of his fuend from Louisiana, [Mr.
Garland,] that the House had not sufficiently
considered the subject, and liad not examined it
in all its bearings, or the opinion of the commit-
tee, which was pionounccd, would have been
different.
He said his object was simply to present the
case of the heirs ot Latham to the House for their
consideration, and ask that justice be done their
claim. He did not wish or expect to place the
heirs in a situation better than the act of Congress
found them; but should the amendment of the
gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Vinton] prevail, they
would no doubt have a very honorable notice
taken of them, but, in point of fact and truth, a
very unprofitable one.
On the subject pf the public lands and preemp-
tion rights there are arrayed two distinct classes
of men. The primary object of one class is the
accumulation of money by the sales of the public
lands, while the great and leading policy of the
other is the speedy and permanent settlement of
the country. This great and leading difference
of opinion arises, foi the most part, in the minds
of gentlemen, not from any selfish or interested
motives, but from the vet y great and essential
difference in the education of certain individuals,
and the country in which they are raised. Theie
is, in this vast Republic, which is extended over
a gieat continent, such variety in the local situ-
ations, and in the different sections of the coun-
try, that there will be, from necessity, a great
diversity of opinion among the inhabitants thereof.
'lh|8 we see verified eveiy day; and it will con-
tinue to be the case so long as the causes existas
they now do.
Then it is not strange that the gentleman [Mr.
Vinton] and he (Mr. R.) should notagiee on this
' subject. They were raised and educated in veiy
different sections of the Union. He [Mr. Vivton]
was laised in the old and respectable State of
Massachusetts, while Mr. R. said he was raised
in the West, amongst the pioneers and preemp-
tioners of that country. Mr. R. said he was
proud, and considered it an honor to him, to be
íaised in the "far West," amongst a class of
men that sometimes were traduced and called
squatters and land pirates. It is this class of men,
these brave and hardy pioneers, that first pene-
trated the wilderness and brought the country into
notice and character; and it is to this class of men,
that the Government is indebted for so many mil-
lions of dollars for the sale of the public lands.
They converted the wilderness into a country
highly improved, and productive of all the con-
veniences and comforts of man. These same pio-
neers did, and are always willing to defend their
country in the hour of danger. On all occasions,
knowing the merit and worth of these men, Mr.
R. said he would advance their interests. It is
on this consideration that the claimants, the heirs
of Latham, who are honest and respectable citi-
zens, are the sub|ect of these remaiks.
In order to understand the claim of the heirs,
it will be necessary to refer to the act of Con-
gress of the 5th February, 1813, which gave the
right of preemption in the following words, to
wit:
"That every person,or legal representative of
' every person, who has actually inhabited and
' cultivated a tract of land lying in either of the
' districts established for the sale of the public
' lands, in the Illinois Territory, which tract is
' not rightfully claimed by any other person, and
1 who shall not have removed from said Tern-
' tory every such person and his legal represent-
' ative, shall be entitled to a preference, in be-
' coming the purchaser from the United States,
' of such tract of land, at private sale, at the same
' price, and on the same terms and conditions as
■ are, or may be, provided by law for the sale of
• other lands sold at private sale in said Terri-
•tory."
It will be necessary to state to the House that
part of the Vincennes land disttict extended into
the then Territory of Illinois; and, by some im-
proper construction of the act of Congress, the
settlers in the Territory of Illinois residing in
the Vincennes land district were excluded from
the benefits and privileges of the preemption
laws.
It may not be improper to remark that on many
occasions these acts of Congress are construed
to death, by the officers who act on them. We
have a memorable instance of it in the State of
Illinois, in the case of the act of Congress, which
contemplated relief to those individuals that lost
horses in the Indian disturbance of 1832.
In order to relieve those citizens in the Terri-
tory of Illinois, an act of Congress passed on
the 11th of May, 1820, which ptovided:
" That every person who would have been en-
' titled to a right of preemption in the said Vin-
' cennes district, according to the prowsions of
' the said recited act, passed the 5th February,
' 1813, had it been so construed to embrace them,
1 shall be allewed to prove to the register and re-
' ceiver, at Vincennes, that they would have been
' so entitled.
" And every such person, or his legal repre-
' sentatives, shall, upon producing such certificate
• to the register of any land office in the Slate of
•  Illinois, be allowed to enter one quarter section
' each, at the minimum puce fixed by the United
'States, of any land which may be suiveyed
' previous to the fhst day of September next,
' whether the same shall have been offered at
' public sale or not."
The ancestor of the claimants became the pro-
prietor of a preemption right, which is founded
on these acts of Congress, and with it, on the 26th
November, 1826, entered and located one quarter
section of land, which included the ancient town
of Peoria.
Mr. R. said he was informed, as he did not
peisonally know the fact, that no person, except
probably one individual, resided on the piemises
at the tune of the location ol the pieemption right.
Mr. Latham paid into the receiver's office at
Springfield, in the State of Illinois, the price re-
quired by law for this tract of land, and received
the proper vouchers for the same,
The constituted authorities of Peoria county,
undei the act of Congress of 26th May, 1824,
allowing a preemption to (.he county foi the use
of the county, made some objection to the issuing
of a patent to the heirs of Latham; and theieupon
the patent never did issue.
The case between the heirs of Latham and the
county remained thus unacted on until the last
session of Congress, at which session an act was
passed permitting the county to puichase the
same premises which had been before that tima
located and entered by the preemption right of
Mr. Latham, reserving the right of the heirs to
bring suit for the land in question.
This is a plain and simple narration of the facts
as far as he knew them, and he believed them
to be true, in relation to the case now before the
House.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] objects
to this bill, as the claimants may select a very
' valuable tract of land, and even may locate it on
a site for a town.   This (Mr. R. said) may be
true.    Every one is justified to do the best they
can with the means in their hands, so long as
they act upright and honest in the transaction.
Mr. R. said he would do so; and he had no doubt
the gentleman from Ohio would do the same.
I     The heirs of Latham cannot locate their pre-
emption right on a more valuable town site than
, Peona was at the time of location.   This town
< occupies one of the most beautiful sites in the
State of Illinois, or in all the West.   It is situ-
ated on the Illinois river, at the lower end of
Peoria Lake, and in the center of the most fertile
and desirable region of country in the State.
This site attracted the attention of La Salle
and Father Hennepin in their first exploring ex-
peditions to the West from Canada, in the year
1680. Their successors, of all nations and colors,
who have visited this place, approve of their taste
and judgment in selecting this position for a fort
and town. It will at once be seen that the heirs
of Latham cannot locate their claim on any place
in the State of Illinois that will now be more val-
uable than the site of Peoria was.
The gentleman from Ohio says they may resort
