m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
[February 2{J,
24*te C©ng....1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
comparatively shallow, the coast itself shoal, the
accessible points few in number,far between, and
the bars in the mouths of the harbors a total ob-
struction to the entrance of large \essels He
believed that Charleston, South Carolina, pre-
sented the deepest watel to be found on the
southern Atlantic coast, and there vessels-of-war
above the size of the laigest sloops did not enter.
Pensacola presented the deepest water on the
Gulf coast, and there, until the bar shall be cut,
the entiance is only piacticable to ftigates of the
second class. Thus, from the nature of the two
coasts, the largest proportion of the defenses must
go to the North. That óf itself might be suffi-
cient reason for the disproportion la the bill: but
there was another reason for it, and that was,
that of tire forts built, or building, much the
largest proportion was to the South. Thus of
the thfrreeVr forts built, five were in Louisiana,
one in Alabama, one in Florida, one in South
Carolina, and one in North Carolina
Mr B wottld repeat that he entered into this
comparison, not that any effect on the rotes of
the Senate could be produced by it, but to satisfy
those who did not occupy positions to take a view
of the whole field, and to show them that the dis-
proportion in question was not founded on par-
tiality, but in reason; that it resulted from the
obligation of duty to give defense where defense
was needed; and that this depended upon the
nature of the coast, and not upon any rule result-
ing from territorial extent or weight of popula-
tion. With this general exposition of the bill,
Mr B. would now lay it down, reserving details
upon each particular fort for the inquiries which
Senators might put to him, or for answers to the
motions which might be made to amend or to
strike out. Postponing these details for the pres-
ent, and believing that we had reached a point in
the state of our public affairs when the great
policy of national defense is to be established or
Condoned, Mr. B. believed it to be both pertinent |
to the occasion and profitable in its effect to pause
for a moment, to look back upon the past before '
we proceeded with the present or the future, and
to take a rapid historical view, from the founda-
tion of the Federal Government, of that branch of
the national defense now under consideration.
The business of fortifying our coasts dates from
the very commencement of the Federal Govern-
ment, and results from the constitutional obliga-
tion of the Government to provide for the " com-
mon defense," and from the surrender of their
custom-house revenues by the States to the Gen-
eral Government for several important national
objects, of which one of the most important, the
most prominent, and most essentially national,
was that of providing for the common defense i
For the accomplishment of these objects, the Con-
stitution invested ike President with the right, or
rather imposed upon him the duty, of recom-
mending to Congress the adoption of the meas-
ures which he deemed necessary-, to Congress
itself it confided the sacred task of acting on all the
measures either of its own suggestion or of the
President's recommendation,and of doing what
was right-and proper tobe done. Such were the
duties of the Executive, and of the legislative de-
partments, under tire new Government; and m
execution of them—1 nowlimit myself to the point
under consideration—in execution of them, we
■see the Father of hrs Country immediately com-
ing forward, and pressing upon Congress the great
duty of national defense, in a series of recom-
mendations, repeated front year to year, until his
paternal advice produced its effect.
The irst of these recommendations was in the
annual message of 1790, «ad this is< an extraen
from it;
"Among the rao^ interesting objects which will engage
your attention, ^hat of peovidirur for the common deten*B
will merit particular regard To te prepared for war is one
of the most effectual means of preserving peace "
The next was in the message of 1791, and was
in these words*
" In connection with this, (arming Hie Militia,) the es-
tablishment ot competent magazines and arsenals, and the
iorurteafitm^f sueli places as are peculiarly important and
vulnerable, naturally present themselves for consideration.
The safety of the United States, under Divine protecuon,
ought to rest on the basis of systematic and solid arrange-
ment, exposed as little as possible to the hazards of fortu-
itous eiresButaiices."
I  th  message of 1793, Pr*aid**t Wftsksngttfft
again adverts to this primary duty of Congress,
and presses the necessity of " complete defense,"
in a renewed recommendation, couched in the
most impressive terms, and enforced with earnest
appeals, to the lofty considerations connected with
the duty of Congress, the interest of the Union, and
the honor, dignity, and independence of the coun-
try. The following is the passage in his message:
" I cannot recommend to your notice measures for the
fulfillment ot our duties to the rest ot the world, without
again pressing upon you the necessity ot placing ouiselvcs
in a condition ot cornplr'a defense and ot exacting fiom
thtm the fulfillment ot their duties tow irds its The Dm
ted States ought not to indulge a pi i suasion that, continrv
to the order ot human events, they nill torev< t keep at a
distance those piinlul appeals to arm> wi'h winch the his
ton ot tvtr\ othci nitiou abounds Thoie i-, i lank due to
the United States, among nations winch will lie withheld,
it not entirolv lost, by rtft! reputation ot weakness It wc
desire to avoid insult, we mu-t bi able to repel it, it we
desire to secure peace, it must be known that we are at all
tunes ready for w ar "
This (said Mr B.) is the recommendation of
Piesident Washington, adopted by President
Jackson in his mteiesting message of Monday,
the 22d instant; that message which presents the
three great liberal Powers- -Great Butain, France,
and our America—under the harmonious aspect
which they should foiever wear, and in which
the sacred duty of providing foi the national de-
fense is again pressed upon us under circum-
stances, at a time, and so letnforced, that it can-
not fail to make a deep impression upon the
country, as well as upon the Senate.
We will now turn (said Mr. B ) to the legis-
lative department of the Government, and see
what effect these repeated recommendations of
Piesident Washington produced upon Congress.
The last message was communicated in Decem-
ber, 1793. On the 28th of February following,
Mr. Fitzsimmons, from the Military Committee
of the House of Representatives, reported in fa\ or
of putting the whole maritime coast, from Maine
i to Geoigia, in a state of defense, with a statement
! from the Secretary of War, General Knox, of the
number and kind of works the different ports and
1 harbors would require, and an estimate of the
expense of construction, and of the garrisons
[ necessary in peace and in war. The numbei of
works recommended exceeded a hundred, but for
want of means they were small in size, and to be
constructed of perishable materials in the parts
which required solid masonry, wood being sub-
stituted for stone. The largest number of cannon
to be mounted for the defense of any city, was
eighty-two at New York, and seventy-two at
Charleston, South Carolina. Such were the rec-
ommendations, and an act of Congress in con-
formity with ihem was promptly passed. Mr. B.
would read that act; for, with the single exception
of the ports and harbors acquired by extension of
territorial limits, or of points covered by extension
of population, it embraces nearly every port and
harbor which at this time demands our protection.
The Act
"That the following ports and harbors be fortified under
the direction of the President of the United State , and at
such time or tunes as he shall judge necessary, to wit
Portland, in the distfiet qf Maine; Portsmouth, m the State
of New Hampshire, Gloucester, Salem, Marblf-head, and
Boston, in the State of Massachusetts; Newport, in the
State of Rhode Island; New London, in the State-of Con
necucm; New York; Philadelphia, Wilmington, in ttle
Stale of Delaware; Baltimore, in the State ot Maryland;
(Annapolis by supplementary act,) Norfolk and Alexandria,
in the State of Virginia; Cape Fear river and Ocracoke
Inlet, in the State of North Carolina; Charleston and
Georgetown, m ike State of South Carolina; and Savannah
and St. Mary's, m tlio Sttte of Georgia."
Such was the act—such the firsr act for fortify-
ing the ports and harbors of the United States.
It is not general m its provisions, and coextensive
with the whole maritime frontier, but vested Pres-
ident Washington With discretionary powers over
the whole subject. The execution of this act was
the next point to which Mr. B  would call the
attention of the Senate. It is already seen that
it conferred plenary and discretionary powers on
President Washington over th* whole subject,
«id particularly over the time when the works
should be commenced. With that great man, the
present time was usually the proper time for doing
what had to be done; and such was his conduct
in the great trust now confided to him. The act
putting into his hands the power of fortifying his
country, paused on the 30th day of March; on
the 28th day of that same month the first instruct
tions issued from the War Office to the engineers
to repan to their respective stations and commence
operations; and by the 11th of Apul the last of
these instructions had issued. In other words
the fii st insttuctions issued within eight days after
the passage of the act, and the whole within twen-
ty-two days ' Seven engineers were employed, all
French officers The whole coast, fiom Maine to
Geoigia, was parceled among them, and the whole
line ot coast was under operation at once, and
within a few weeks after the passing of the act.
The engineers employed were Rochefontainc,
Vincent, L'Eurant, Rtvardt, Vermonnet, Mar-
tinon, and Periault, and the instructions to them,
as well as their reports to the Government, will
still reward the reseat eh and curiosity of any
citizen who will take the trouble to hunt them out
and to lead them. They may still be read with
profit by the military man; and the friend of State
rights may dwell upon them with pride and exul-
tation for the respect and deference which they
evince foi State authorities. Mr. B. would read
an extract fiom the instructions, and another from
some of the reports, as a specimen of the whole,
and was certain that the Senate would hear them
with pleasuie as showmg the state of the inter-
com se between the Fedeial and the State Govern-
ments in that eaily age of the Republic 
Mr. B. then read from the instructions to Roche-
fontaine, charged with fortifying the coast from
Portland, in Maine, to New London, in Connec-
ticut:
" In pursuance of the directions of the President of the
United States, you aie hereby appointed an engineer for
the purpose of fortify ing the ports and harbors h( reinafter
mentioned, to wit New London, in the State of Connect-
icut , Newport, in the State of Rhode Island ; Boston, Mar-
blehead, Salem, Gloucester, and Portland, in the State of
Massachusetts, and Portsmouth, in the State of New
Hump hire
" You are therefore immediately to repair to the ports to
be fortified in the said States respectively, and in case the
Governors should be near any of the said ports, vou are to
wilt upon thein and exhibit these instructions But if the
Governors should be at any considerable distance from your
route, you are respectfully to notify them of your appoint-
ment, inclose tliem a copyot these instructions, and inform
theui that you have repaired to the ports aforesaid, morder
to make the necessary survejs and investigations relative
to your mission, which you will submit to their considera-
tion, and take their orders thereon
" As soon as you shall receive their approbation of your
plans, you are to construct the works, and to execute them
with all possible vigor and di-patch "'
Having read this extract fiom the instructions,
Mr. B. would next read an extract from the first
report of the same engineer, and show the man-
ner in which he executed them. He writes from
Boston, and says.
" On the 23th of May, hu honor the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor, elected since that time Governor of the State of Mas-
sachusetts, declared to the engineer that he did not find
himself empowered to approve of the execution of ihe law
of the United States respecting the lortificauoii of the sea-
port towns in the State, without the advice of the Legis-
lature, meeting a few days afterwards His Excellency,
however, gave orders to the ■officers of the Executive ot the
State, to the State garrison of the Castle Island, and to the
gentlemen the selectmen of every sea port town directed to
be fortified, to assist, every one in his capacity, the engi-
neer in his reconnoitenng and surveys On the 1st of June,
his Excellency was furnished with a general plan of defense
for the harbor of Boston. On the 4tli of June, a committee
of the Legislature, appointed for the purpose, called on the
engineer to be present at one of their conferences respect-
ing the fortification of the harbor, and that of Castle Island
particularly On the 8th, the said committee visited Castle
Island with the engineer, that being the only port in the State
that the Legislature would have anything in do with as to
fortify urg On the Utu, his Excellency permitted the engi-
neer to visit the sea-port tow ns of Salem, Marblehead, and
Cape Ann, until the Legislature should come to a determ-
ination on the questions proposed in the address of theGov-
ernor respecting the fortification of tneharborsof the State.
On the 20th, his Excellency authorized the engineer to pro-
ceed to the State of New Hampshire, the Legi-l.ituieot the
State of Massachusetts having not yet come to anv vote on
the subject ot fortifications On the 29th ol July, the
engineer waited On his Excellency the Governor of Mas-
sachusetts, at Boston, the Legislature not having decided
anything respecting the fortifications of the State, his Ex
cellenty could not give any approbation to the erecting of
any throughout the State, even at Portland, where the
selectmen and town meeting had irregularly acted in pur-
chasing land for the United States without being authorized
to do it by the Legislature On the 16th of August, the
Secretary of War authorized the engineer to erect fortih-
eations, according to the law of the United States, at Salem,
Marblehead, and Cape Ann. The inhabitants of Salem,
in a legal town meeting, unanimously voted a cession to
the United States of the ground which should be thougni
necessary tor the defense of their harbor; immediately
thereupon the works were begun."
Mr. B. had read these extract* for the purpose
of showing the respect and defCTesee which wa 
