1836.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
and cannot, with all the men and means that can
be employed upon them, be finished under ten
vears from this time. Bv that time our popula-
tion will have increased five millions more, and '
would furnish another three thousand and eighty
men to keep in the ratio of Mr. Jefferson's peace
establishment; fifteen thousand men might then
be kept up on the basis of 1803; but that number
will not be wanted-, about twelve thousand will
even then be enough; and for the present, ten
thousand men, allowing six thousand for the
western and northwestern frontier, and four thou-
sand to the forts, will be sufficient; and this num-
ber, in the present state of the country, would be
nearly three thousand under the ratio of 1802.
Upon these data about which there could be
no dispute, Mr. B. considered the objection of
the standing army in time of peace to garrison
the forts to be completely exploded, and would
dismiss it without taking in another element
naturally belonging to the comparison, to wit,
the increase of revenue which would render an
establishment of ten thousand men now less bur-
densome than three thousand and eighty was in
the time of Mr. Jefferson. Mr. B. took for his
basis the military establishmentof 1802, presented |
by Mr. Jefferson, who came into power upon the ,
full cry against standing armies in time of peace;
and he presumed that no person would ever object
to a military establishment which kept within the ,
ratio of the one he presented.                                  I
He would, therefore, dismiss this head with
informing the Senate that since the United States
had precipitated all the Indians upon the western
frontier, an increase of the regular force would
be demanded by the voice of the West. Forts,
or no forts, tea thousand men were required in
the present state of the country, of which six
thousand should be on the western and north-
western frontier-, and upon this number the Con-
gress would be called to vote at the present ses-
sion.
A third objection to the fortifications was as to
the locality of the expenditure which they would
uivolve. It was said the money would be ex-
pended on the coast, to the prejudice of the inte-
rior. Mr. B. demurred to this objection. It was
anti-national and anti-social. It was against the
letter of the Constitution, and against the nature
and the principles of the social compact. Protec-
tion and allegiance went .together; every part of
the country owed allegiance to the Government,
and the Government owed protection to every
part. Happy, most happy, those who needed no
protection; after all that can be expended on the
exposed coasts, the inhabitants of the coasts will
still be less secure than those of the interior, on
vhich nothing is expended for defense. The
objection is not only anti-national and anti-social,
but it is fallacious! It is a fallacy in itself, and
must deceive those who rest their faith upon it.
An expenditure upon the sea-coast for the defense
of a seaport, a harbor, or the mouth of a river,
is not a local expenditure! It is not an expendi-
ture, the benefit of which is confined to the town,
to the harbor, or the mouth of the river; but it is
an expenditure national in its nature, constitu-
tional in its obligation, redounding to the benefit
 f all, and beneficial to the farmer at the head of
the river and in the gorge of the mountains, as
well as to the merchant on the sea-board; for un-
less the sea-port is protected, and the mouth of the
river is kept open, the crop raised at the head of
the river, and the stock driven from the gorge of
the mountain will return valueless upon the hands
of the owner. It was, therefore, an unfounded
objection, and although the expenditure might be
unequal, jet that inequality was neither unjust
nor injurious. It afforded no argument for the
distribution bills, in whose aid it was certainly
invoked! Those bills were repudiated by most
of the interior States, and by nearly all the new
States; and as for the old ones which had asked
for the distribution of surpluses, they had also
asked for forts and navies; and they could not
have the same money for both objects. The true
aid to the new States would be in reducing the
price of public lands, as they have often requested-,
and all the interior States will have the benefit of
the national defenses, both in the use and in the
expenditure for them, by the armories and arse-
nals established within them, the increased troops
on the frontier, and the annual expenditure for
supporting the whole. The forts, the navies, the
troops will be supplied and supported from the
interior; the armories and arsenals will be in the
interior.
A fourth objection which had caught Mr. B. 's
attention was the supposed effect which the build-
ing of so many fortifications would have on the
price of labor. It was supposed that it would
create so large a demand for labor that the price
would be greatly enhanced, to the prejudice of
railroad, turnpike, and canal companies and
makers. Mr. B. had two answers to this objec-
tion: first, that it was not valid, if true; secondly,
i that it was not true, if valid. To him it seemed
no great harm that the fact should be as supposed,
and that the railroad, turnpike, and canal com-
panies should have to pay the laborer a few cents
■ more per diem. It was written in the holy Scrip-
tures that the laborer was worthy of his hire;
and, for his own part he knew no one better en-
titled to all that he could get than the man who
works with his two hands from sun to sün. Cer-
tain he was, the freight and the toll on the road
and the canal would not be a penny the less be-
cause the laborer had been hired at a reduced
price. But Mr. B. denied the fact. The fortifi-
cations were so remote from each other, they had
to be built upon such an extended line, stretching
from Passamaquoddy Bay to the delta of the
Mississippi, that the building of one would have
no effect upon the cost of building another, and
the cost of the whole would have no influence
upon the rate of labor in the country. Even if
all the defense bills passed, and their appropria-
tions often or eleven millions took effect, it would
be but no more than what is annually spent for
labor aad materials in single cities, while this
would be diffused over a line of four thousand
miles.
A fifth objection was somewhat akin to the
| last, and imported that the amount proposed to
t be appropriated was too large to be usefully and
| beneficially expended within the year. The valid-
I ity of this objection (Mr. B. said) depended upon
i the time when the appropriation bills should pass.
1 If delayed till the spring was advanced, and the
|| working season partly lost, the-objection would
ij acquire more weight.    Time was already lost,
especially in the South; and if these important
j  bills were to be pushed aside to make room*for
abolition debates and land bills for distributing
the public moneys, so much more time might be
lost as to make it impossible to use the money
after it was voted.   But, still it was an objection
of which the objectors could not take advantage;
no man may take advantage of his own wrong;
and if it is wrong to appropriate money that can-
not be expended, it is certainly wrong to stave
off the appropriation till the time for expending
it is lost!   And here Mr. B. would invoke atten-
tion to the debate just closed on the loss of the
fortification bill, and of the $3,000,000, at the last
session.    All parties have just been washing
their hands of the merits of those losses; and
shall any of us, in the same instant, go on to
frustrate the present appropriations, or to make
them inoperative for want of time?   Besides, the
money appropriated for this year is not obliged
to be expended within the year; it may be ex-
pended in the commencement of the next year,
and thus enable the year's operations to com-
mence, and especially in the South, before the
appropriations can be got through Congress.
The sixth objection which Mr. B. would men-
tion, and the one perhaps which was progenitor
to all the rest, was the very palpable assumption
that the application of so much money to the
defense of the country, would be fatal to the
schemes of distributing the surplus revenues and
the proceeds of the public lands among the States
and the people. This objection,' he acknow-
ledged, was well founded. The defense of the
country, and the distribution of the public money,
were antagonistical objects, and the success of
either was fatal to the other. Itwould take more
surpluses thanever would be found in the Treasury
to defend the country. The military arm alone
would require above forty millions; the naval
arm, would require more than as much more.
The two objects, then, being antagonistical and
incompatible with each other, mast come before
the Senate, and go before the country, upon the
respective merits and demerits of each; the defen-
sive scheme resting upon a duty of constitutional
obligation, upon a consideration of national in-
dependence, upon the sense of national interest,
and upon the sanctioned system of forty years
decision; the distributive scheme resting upon
the seductions of proffered pelf, without warrant
in the Constitution, unknown to our history,
oppressive to the new States, demoralizing to
the old ones, corrupting in its tendencies, and
bringing the element of the public property to
enter into the canvass for the presidential office.
Upon these intrinsic and overruling considera-
tions, Mr. B. would rely for the decision of the
Senate and of the country, between the two ob-
jects.
He would not descend to the low comparison
of sordid and pecuniary inducements. He could
not insult his countrymen by referring to them
the seduction of a sordid money scheme on one
hand, and the enlightened obligations of duty
and patriotism on the other. If he could do so,
and could present the two schemes in a mere
trafficking, trading, profit-and-loss point of view,
the one divested of its patriotic attractions, the
other stripped of its moral deformities, it would be
easy to show that there would be more money
diffused among the people by defending their
country, than by pillaging it themselves, and
leaving it to be pillaged by foreign enemies after-
wards. For such is the extent and variety of
the means and objects to be combined in a great
and durable system of national defense, that every
part of the Union would receive its share in the
first disbursements, and in the annual expendi-
tures thereafter. Forts, navies, navy-yards, and
dock-yards, on the coasts; armories, arsenals,
founderies, depots of arms and munitions in the
interior; troops on the western frontier; and an-
nual supplies from the interior for all the estab-
lishments on the vast circumference of the Union;
such would be the sources of expenditure. The
first outlay and the perennial expenditure for all
these objects would be great; and if the system
of defense required for the country be now adop-
ted, many great objects heretofore planned must
go into effect; a grand naval and national arsenal
at Burwell's bay, in Virginia* as recommended
by the military and naval board of 1831 -, a navy-
yard at Charleston, South Carolina, and another
at Pensacola; with a fort and naval station at
Key West to command the Gulf of Mexico, to
make that gulf what the Mediteranean sea was
to the Romans, more nostrum, our sea—belonging
as it ought, to the masters of the Mississippi,
and considered and treated as the outlet and es-
tuary of the King of Floods. In such great es-
tablishments, and the numerous others indicated
by the hand of defense, the people would find
moneyed reasons for preferring the defense of
their country to its pillage: but I do not present
such reasons; I resume my position; I defer to
their intelligence, and to their patriotism, and rest
the choice between the defensive and* the distrib-
utive schemes, upon all the lofty and holy con-
*" The navy-yards (excepting that of Charlestown, near
Boston) have all been improperly placed; the conveniences
for the erection of the necessary establishments having
alone been taken into consideration, while «U the «Cher
requisites for points so important, such as security against
attack by sea and land, facility tor receiving all kinds of
building materials in Uaw of war aa wen as ta «me of
peace, vicinity to a place of rendezvous, haw been oven
ioofcpti 
" Á defensive system for the frontiers of the United States
is. therefore, yet to be created. Its bases are—1, a navy;
3, fortifications; 3, regular troops and well-orgamzed1 Huh-
2a: 4. interior communication by land and water, These
means must ail  • combined,  o as to form a complete sy -
te«The navy must, in the first place, be provided with
■wooer establishments for construction and repair, harbors
ofrendervous, stations, and ports of refuge. It  only by
taking into viewtbe general character as well asthe detail 
of the whole frontier, that we can fix on the mostadvan-
tageous points for relieving these naval depots, harbors or
rendezvous, stations, and ports of refuge.
"On these considerations, Burwell's bay, in Jam  river,
and Charlestown, near Boston, have been especially «com-
mended by the commission as the most proper sites for the
«eat naval arsensals of the South and of the North; Hamp-
fon roads and Boston roads as the chief rendezvous, and
Narraganset bay as an indispensable accessary .to Boston
road^HepoVfa «/ 1819, IS , MSI, «Vthe MUUary and
Stool BoardlGenefal Bernard, Colonel Totten, and Con}.
nwdtreElHoU.)
