132
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 29,
26th Coxg....1st Sess.
Slaverrj in the District of Columbia—Mr, Wall.
Sen
VTE.
«derations w Inch recommend one and condemn
the other.
Tinalh , and by way of concluding his notice
of the objections to foitifications, he would bring
foiward one which he had not heaid mentioned
b\ am smalu i,but which lit had found in the
report-* of one ot the IVnch engineers employed
bv Pris>ident Washington,in 1794. It was-Von-
suut Jí.ia/i'i, and migiu lx 111U.11 sung as aremi-
msun^c now , os the i ove lists call it, and to show
whatk nd cf OLjeetois theie wet e to foitifications
foit\ \ lJ!í a£o, ahhoutrn the race may be now
extinct, and d\¿ rUeunce may ,t mam without
application:
" I thought (said tin* Inienious soldier) that, in a «mall
community, where public welfare ouiht tobe the chief aim
of even indtvidinl. no jeilou^v, no parties, could beiound
I do not think, however, that there evist-, anvwhere el-e,
such ridiculous divisions as here There 1  a lar^e number
of di -«aUstied meu who object altogether to iortifications,
from the same principle tor which thev objtct to iverj
mea-ure ot Government borne w ould rather btishfinht, as
thev call it, in case of a war; and the fact is, I fancy they
had rather not fight at all I drop this disagreeable subiect,
the only thin  1  to be deaf, and do what the '■afetj of the
conntn requires."—(Lettci of Rnardi to General K.iox,
Secretary at War, July 28, 1794 )
Next, as to the advantages of fortifications.
On this head Mi. B. wou'd be brief, refemng
the Senate foi a full undeistanding of the subject
to the masterly reports of the Board of Engi-
neers for 1821 and 1806, and confining what he
should say chiefly to statements and reflections
resulting from those reports.
1.  Fortifications close up all important inlets
to ports and harbors against enemies; they give
security, confidence, and tranquillity in time of
war to the «ties and coasts covered by them; the
truth of which is exemplified in the opposite
coasts of France and Great Britain, where the
coast inhabitants and cities, covered by fortifica-
tions, are as tranquil in the pursuit of their busi-
ness in time of war between these countries as
in time of peace.
2.  They giv e, security and protection to the
commercial and naval marine, as ships, either of
war or of commerce, pursued by an enemy, fly
to them for refuge, and he in safety under the
guns of a fort, or within a harbor defended by it.
We have a vast commercial marine to which we
owe protection; we have determined on the cre-
ation of a navy; and, for the preservation of both,
we must have fortified harbors for their refuge
and protection.
3.  Forts are often necessary at points where
there are not cities to defend, as at positions
which an enemy might occupy in time of war,
and from which he could assail, annoy, devas-
tate, or alarm the neighboring country. Our
extended coast presents many positions of this
kind, and which we must occupy to prevent an
enemy from establishing himself upon them.
4.   Forts are necessary on the lines of interior
navigation, to keep open the communications in
time of war. The debouches of canals, the pas-
sages through sounds, bays, straits,and between
islands and the main land, are examples of this
necessity, and of which many instances may be
found on the maritime and gulf frontier of the
United States.
5.   Forts are indispensable to the protection
of navy-yards, dock-yards, and naval arsenals.
The nature of these establishments require them
to be accessible from sea; and unless protected
by forts, they may be invaded, plundered, and
burnt by an enemy. This happened once in Eng-
land, when the Dutch penetrated the Thames, and
destroyed the naval establishments at Chatham.
6.   Forts are the cheapest mode of defense;
cheapest in money, cheapest in the number of
men to defend them, and cheapest in the number
of lives lost. They are cheapest in money, be-
cause when once built of the proper and durable
material, earth and stone, they are built forever,
and in the course of centuries require but little
for repair or reconstruction. They are cheapest
in men, because a few can defend a fortified posi-
tion against a great number, and thus abstract a
smaller proportion of the population from peace-
ful pursuits. They are cheapest in blood spilt,
or in lives lost, either of men killed in battle, or
dying of diseases from camp and field exposure.
Behind the defenses of a fort, sheltered from the
weather, amply provided with every essential to
health, the troops in a fort suffer far less, in pro-
portion to their numbers, than those in the field j
or the camp. In exemplification of these ideas. '
Mr. B. would íeftr to the calculations made by
the Boaid of Engineers, to show the difference of
expense in men and money in defending a given
number of our cities, for a given time, with and
without the cover of fortifit ations. They took
Boston, New Yoik, Philadelphia, Baltimoic, and
ÜNew Orleans, and based their calculations of a
campaign of six months against a menaced attack
fiom an enemy's squndion. Without foits, the
number of men required for the protection of
these cities, not knowing vv Inch was to be attacked,
and bound to be provided at each city, the aggre-
gate number would be seventy-seven thousand
to meet a descent of a fourth or fifth of that num-
ber at any one point; the expense of which, for
six months, would be $19,000,000. To defend
the same cities with forts would require an ag-
gregate of no moie than twentv-seven thousand
men, and an expense of $6,500,000, makinga dif-
ference of fifty thousand men and of $12,500,000.
Thus, in a brief war of two or three years, the
w holt cost of the foi tifications for the whole coast
of the United States, on the largest scale pio-
jeeted, would be completely saved.
7.   The efficiency of the defense is another of
the advantages of fortifications on the sea-boaid.
That efficiency on a land fron ler has been a
pioblem among military men, and opinions have
divided upon it; but no such pioblem has ever
existed in relation to the coast defenses, on that
point opinions have never divided; and through-
out the world, in all ages, and in all countries,
the defense of the coast, by fortifications, is the
only safe reliance against approaches by sea;
approaches which may be made without warning,
which may threaten dozens of cities and thou-
sands of miles of coast at the same time; which
may stand off and on, hover round, distract and
scatter the troops collected at any one point, wear
out an army by marches and counter marches,
and eventually strike where least expected, or
least prepared to resist.
8.   But the great and crowning advantage of
fortifications is their peculiar adaptation to de-
fense by militia, by volunteers, and by the yeo-
manry of the country, and their consequent dis-
pensation of large bodies of regular troops, both
in war and in peace. Forts are the peculiar de-
fense of the militia. A few artillerists, and the
militia of the adjacent country, are the proper
defenders of foits. To these points, on the first
s gnal of danger, the yeomanry of a fiee country
will forever flock. They will fly to the forts
with alacrity and confidence, and will make bril-
liant and glorious defenses. Placed in positions,
and sheltered by works, even indifferent, the
yeomanry of the United States have always per-
formed prodigies of valor. Even in temporary
field works, and the merest apologies for forts,
they have rivaled and transcended the exploits
of veterans. Our history is too full of examples
of this character to admit of naming any without
seeming to neglect others; but I must refer to a
few—to the green-log pen at Charleston, called
Fort Moultrie, and the post-and-rail fences piled
upon each other at Bunker's Hill, in the war of
the Revolution; and the mud wall at New Or-
leans, and the stakes stuck in the ground for a
fort at Sandusky, during the late war—to remind
the Senate of what a yeomanry and a few regu-
lars can do, placed in position and covered by
defenses.
Mr. B. concluded his speech with expatiating
on the extent and variety of the defenses re-
quired for the United States, and the wisdom,
propriety, and necessity of dedicating our present
surplus money and our present leisure time to
the creation of these defenses. Ships, navy-
yards, dock-yards; two great national naval
arsenals of construction and repair; foits, arm-
ories, arsenals, depots of arms and munitions
of war; arms and field artillery for the militia;
swords and pistols for the cavalry of the States;
an increase of the army for the western and
northwestern, and, he might add, for the south-
ern and southwestern frontier also; such was the
vastness of the system, and the multitude of Us
objects, which the defense of the country re-
quired.   The expense of all these works he had I
not calculated, but the Senate had adopted a res-
olution to ascLitain that expense,and the answer
would come in as soon as the INavy and War
Depirtments could prepaic it. Of the military
bianch Uoiie he would ventuie to give an opinion
and would sav the < suman s for that branch alone
must exceed  40,000,000. Of all the bianches
of this system of national definse, he had dis-
cussed but one, and not the whole of that. He
had spoken of foits alone, but of the forts on the
maiitime and gulf frontier, without mentioning
though ceitainly not without lcmrmbcnng, that
we had an extended line of lakcfronln r, washed
by inland seas, and boidtred by afoieien Power.
He had spoken of foi tifications alone, but it was
not to be dissembled or denied, that the whole
system of defense, naval and military, was now
upon trial. The bill for the nineteen new forts
is the touch-stone of the whole question. If
that passes, then the whole system moves for-
ward, if it is rejected, the whole system halts;
for forts are the indispensable part of the whole
system; they are its back-bone, without which
all the rest becomesvain and inefficient,and ships
themselves are idle preparation. Foi what aie
ships without ports of refuge' What are har-
bors and breakwaters without defense' What
are dock and navy-yards without forts to cover
them' Nothing but prizes, spoil, and prey for
the public enemies. But (Air. B. repeated) the
fate of this bill is the fate of the whole svstem
of defense, and of antagonistic schemes for the
distribution of the public money. If the bill
becomes a law, the defenses go on, and all the
surpluses of revenue will go to that object; if the
bill fails, the defenses will halt and linger, and
the distribution bills will spring upon the stage,
and will labor to scatter and squander that money
which a defenseless countiy calls for in vain.
I conclude (said Mr. B.) with remaiking that
the present period is to be an era in the history
of our countiy. It is a period fiom which there
must be a new movement forward, or a sad re-
trogression. It is a point upon which posterity
will look back for ages and for centuries, to ap-
plaud the wisdom, or deplore the weakness of
the national councils. The Navy and the War '
Departments will report soon, and will develop
all the points of national and permanent defense
which the extent of our country demands, and
the destiny of the Republic íequijes. President
Jackson has given us Ins earnest, his zealous,
his reiterated recommendations, all depends now
upon the legislative department, and upon the
decision of the question, whether the public
money shall go for the public defense, or shall be
lavished and squandeied in unconstitutional and
demoralizing distributions among the States'
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Fet  «an/29, 1836.
The Memorial of the Society of Friends of Lancaster
County, Pennsvlvania, praying for the abolition of Slavery
and the Slave Trade in the District of Columbia, was taken
up as the order of the day.
The question being on the reception of the
petition,
Mr. WALL rose and said:
Mr. President: I had hoped that the commu-
nity of object so strongly and decidedly professed
by all who have mingled in this debate, would
have resulted in some measure acceptable to all
to disarm this question of its excitability, and to
relieve the business of the public from its par-
alyzing effects. I had hoped that some measure,
conceived in that noble and fearless spirit of pa-
triotism which, in another place that I am not
permitted to mention, has added new honors to
a name so illustrious for all that can adorn the
chivalry of the soldier and the patriotism of the
citizen; a name connected with the most trying
and the most glorious periods of our common
history, and of the State which gave him birth,
would have conducted the dangerous electricity
with which the dark and threatening cloud ot
abolition incendiarism is supposed to be charged,
harmless to the earth.                                      _
I have been disappointed. The honorable Sena-
tor who made the motion to reject the petition
