1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
133
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.                 Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Wall.
Se
NATE.
presented by the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, has avowed that he feels it his duty not
only to persist in that motion, but should feel it
to be his high and imperious duty to demand the
question of reception on the presentation of every
other petition of a similar character; and I feel
that my duty will not permit me longer to remain
silent.
Sir, the question raised by that motion is a con-
stitutional question of deep and abiding interest,
which comes home to the sensibilities of the whole
American people, and, tike all constitutional ques- |
tions, ought to be approached free from all adven- 1
titious excitement.                                                i
Let me premise, Mr. President, that the petition 1
which you are now called upon to reject does not ■
come from the great laboratory of abolition ineen- '
diarism. It does not spring from the healed atmos- I
phere produced by the contention of men Strug- |
ping for political power; nor does it come from ¡
men, who, under pretense of conscience, cloak |
worldly, selfish, or unholy designs.
But, sir, it comes from a source which, on this
floor, and everywhere else where the doctrines of
the civil and religious liberties of man are main-
tained, cherished, and supported, is entitled to be
heard with respect. It comes from the Cain
quarterly meeting of the Society of Friends.
Although not my immediate constituents, I
have the pleasure of knowing some of the very
resnectable citizens who compose that quarter,
and I feel bound, from that knowledge, to say that
they are neither fanatics in religion nor politics;
and that they seek not to destroy the Constitution
or endanger the peace and permanency of the
Union.                                                •
They are what they profess—members of the
religious Society of Friends.   A society adopting
toe pure and simple doctrines of the Gospel pro-
claimed by the angel herald of the advent of our
Savior, "peace on earth and good will to man," I
have emphatically taken as their rule of conduct '
the doctrines which he taught—" Do unto others ,
as you would they should do unto you," and
" love your neighbor as yourself."   These, as |
well as the other fundamental principles which j
characterize them, they maintain, not by conten- i
tion or force, but by bearing what they call their '
testimony against such acts as they, in their con- '
science, believe subversive of their golden rules
of action.                                                             i
Theirs is no pharasaical faith which impiously
invokes the judgment of Heaven upon the sins
of others, while vaunting their own superior good-
ness and virtue. They address not the passions
or the feelings of interest or avarice, but the com- '
mon sense, the wisdom, and justice of man. Their
only weapon is the calm, mild, and dispassionate
voice of reason, and they conquer, if they conquer ;
at all, by submission and endurance.                    I
Mr. President, these petitioners are not only |
attached to the Union, but to the principles of our ¡
Constitution.    And well they may be., for their |
own system of discipline, which dates back long j
anterior to that Constitution, not only contains
the same general principles of civil and religious I
liberty, but in a most remarkable degree shadows i
forth the same system of government, afterwards
so admirably developed and expanded  in the
State and Federal relations of that instrument.     ¡
And what is it that these petitioners have done,
which should bring down upon them the fiery in- <
dignation of the honorable gentleman from South
Carolina, and exclude them from the right of I
being h°ard in this Hall? They have prayed
Congress to exercise what they conceive to be
their constitutional right over the territory of the
District of Columbia, in respect to the abolition
of slavery and the selling of slaves in that Dis-
trict. Admit that they are mistaken—admit that
Congress have no constitutional right over slavery
or the exercise of the right of slavery in this Dis-
trict—admit that they understand the Constitution
differently from the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, or even from this Senate; yet I believe
it is not a crime in any but one man to construe
the Constitution as he understands it. If they are
mistaken in their views, it belongs to us so to
determine, and our right  and our duties begin
where those of the petitioners end. Speak to
them in the language of courtesy and of reason,
tnd they will submit, although they might still
think themselves bound in conscience to bear tes-
timony against the evils of slavery, as they do
against the evils of war, and many other things
which the laws of society recognize. Speak to
them as citizens of a common country—satisfy
them that it is inexpedient to grant their petition
—that it would endanger the integrity of the
Union, the peace, the lives, and the liberties of
our fellow-citizens—that it would scatter rapine,
murder, and desolation over the fairest portion
of the Union; and they would forbear. They
are for the peace and happiness of man, not for
blood and rapine. They would leave it to the
Providence of God in his own good time to work
out the remedy for evils which would be aggra-
vated by the rash and inconsiderate and officious
movements of human action. Tell them, sir,
that one of the pillars of the most glorious temple
of liberty which human wisdom has ever erected
is based upon slavery; that you cannot remove
that foundation without destroying the whole
edifice, and they will be satisfied. Their human-
ity is not of that reckless character that it will
wade to its object' through rivers of blood and
amid the fallen fragments of an empire.
Mr. President, I must be allowed to say that I
was surprised when I heard the honorable Sena-
tor from South Carolina make his motion to re-
ject this petition. I had heard this body called
the last refuge of liberty—the defenders of the
Constitution—the champions of the liberties of
the people against the attacks and assaults of ex-
ecutive power. Is it wise, then, if they are en-
gaged in such a holy struggle against power, in
defense of the Constitution, to separate them-
selves from the sympathies of the people ? Or
is the liberty, for which they are contending,
the mere liberty of letting the people hear their
voices?
Mr. President, there are other liberties belong-
ing to the people, which ■ they at least value as
dearly as the liberty of hearing our voices.
Among these, not the least, is the liberty of
making themselves heard in these walls—of
making us hear their voices. There are but two
modes of doing this: one is, by petition, which
comes to us in the mild and gentle voice of sup-
plication. The other by instruction, which grates
upon our ears in the harsh and imperative ac-
cents of command. Sir, whether obedience to
the latter is to be expunged from the list of Sena-
torial duties may hereafter be determined; but
if we reject the right of supplication—if we
abridge the right of the people to petition—it is
hazarding nothing to predict, that we shall spurn
and scorn the commands of the people; the step
from one to the other is not only easy but natu-
ral.
Mr. President, I have examined this question
with all the care and deliberation that I am capa-
ble of exercising; and I feel bound to declare my
deliberate judgment that you cannot reject this
petition without violating the Constitution which
we are all sworn to support.
I beg you, Mr. President, to look at the peti-
tion; it is couched in respectful language to this
body, and to everybody else. It does not assert
the existence of slavery, or the selling of slaves,
anywhere, or invoke the action of Congress any-
where but in the District of Columbia; and that
action is to be regulated by the Constitution. I
beg the honorable Senator from South Carolina
to review this petition, and to withdraw his
charge that it traduces and villifies the conduct
of the institutions of the State which he so ably
represents. I ask where, how, and in what part,
letter, or sentence, of the petition does he find
.he evidence to support this charge ?
Sir, it is not the habit of the society to which
these petitioners belong thus to act. They
speak of the evils of slavery, and of the selling
of slaves, in the abstract and impersonally. 1
trust, sir, that we have not yet reached the
excited susceptibility of the followers of the
Montagues and the Capulets, when the simple
interrogatory, " Do you bite your thumb at us?"
could provoke riot, blood, murder, and suicide.
Mr. President, you have no right, no constitu-
tional right, to reject a petition, but for disre-
spectful language; and even then the language
must be understood in its mildest sense. The
disrespectful language must be so gross as to
! show that it is not the exercise of the right of
| petition. In that case, sir, the power of rejection
flows not from the Constitution, but the inherent,
primary right which belongs to all representative,
deliberative bodies to protect themselves from
insult and contempt. If, sir, the language of this
petition is disrespectful, it must be because it
speaks of slavery and the slave trade in the ab-
stract as evils. So decide, and this Senate will
cut out for itself new matter for the expunging
process. It will not be their own acts over which
they have a control, but it will be the acts and
labors of the wise and the good of all ages—of
the patriots and statesmen of our whole country.
You must begin with the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, the labors of the sages of the Revolu-
tion, the works of Mr. Jefferson, the library
which you bought of him, and the whole library
of Congress, and finish with the proceedings of
Congress itself.
Mr. President, the right of petition is not de-
rived from the Constitution. It existed anterior
to it. It is a primary, inherent, absolute, and
essential right, which belongs to representative
Government. Its origin, its progress, and its his-
tory, is the history of the struggles, the over-
( throw, and the triumphs of the people. It is the
political barometeT which marks the state of the
, atmosphere of liberty in every age.
I Sir, in the deduction of our title to that rich
inheritance of Anglo-Saxon liberty called the
Folk law, an inheritance which our ancestors
brought with them on the first settlement of this
country, we find that, whenever the real bona fide
issue of liberty against power was tried, the right
of petition stands forth as one of the most im-
portant and essential muniments of liberty—from
the first trial at Runemede to the final decision by
the revolution of 1688, when the right of the
people to self-government w"as finally established.
Sir, on this side of the Atlantic it has been con-
secrated by the blood of our revolutionary sires,
and is written in the history of our struggle for
freedom. ■
When the Constitution was formed, the right
of petition was held by the people, in fee simple,
without render of service to any superior lord in
absolute sovereignty. It was then, and is now,
one of the great prerogatives of the people, an
attribute of the sovereignty of the people, and,
like all prerogatives which spring from sover-
eignty, unalienable and indestructible. Sir, it is
a great trust held by the people themselves, for
the preservation ana maintenance of the liberties
of mankind. It could not be granted; and on the
adoption of the Constitution it was not granted,
but remained among the vast mass of the reserved
rights of the people.
But, Mr. President, so important and essential
to the preservation of liberty did the people con-
sider the right of petition, that they were not
content to let it remain as a mere reserved right
of the people. The statesmen of those days were
deeply imbued with the great principles of popu-
lar liberty, and thoroughly acquainted with its his-
tory in all ages. Especially they were acquainted
with the principles of the English law. Extra
parliamentum, nulla petitio, est grata, licet necessa-
ria: in Parliamento nulla petitio, est ingrata, si
necesaria, is the maxim of Lord Coke. They
know that, in the third year of the reign of the
first Charles, when the arbitrary conduct of the
Tudor and Stuart dynasties had made it necessary
for the people to recur to the first principles, as if
to render ¿he right of petition and. the primary
rights of man one and indivisible, and to conse-
crate it as the great mvniment of civil liberty. The
petition which recited the principles of Magna
Charta.with the acknowledgment of the King of
their truth, was solemnly enrolled among the
rolls of Parliament; and afterwards, in the thir-
teenth year of the same reign, was enacted into a
statute.
They knew that, notwithstanding that solemn
confirmation, in the thirty-second year of Charles
II., the right of petition was abridged,by exclud-
ing matters of State and religion from the subject-
matter of petition, unless sanctioned by the ma-
gistracy, and even then, if it was signed by more
than twenty persons, or presented by more than
ten. They knew that by the glorious revolution
of 1688—glorious because it was the first whars
