134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 29,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Wall.
Senate.
the nsht of the sovereignty of the people to con- [
ferpovvtrwas made t.ie  foundation ol Govern-
ment—the light ot petition was restored to its
purine freedom bv the bill of rights                    I
They knew tint, no..withstandingall this, Lord
Mansfiild had then recently, on the cekbrattd
tnal of Lord Geoige Goidon, by judicial legisla-
tion done w hat no Parliament ol Great Britain
would have dared to have done—abiogated the
clause of the bill of rights, which repealed the
statute of 1632, Charlts II., and reenaeted that
statute abridging the right of petition They
knew, sir, that in the English law the right of
peaceably assembling, and the right of petitioning
for the redrtss of grievances, were held only
subordinate to the pi imary rights of life, liberty,
and property, but the necessary and indispens-
able auxiliaries to them
Hence, sir, the first amendment to the Consti-
tution declares: " That Congress shall make no
'law respecting an establishment of religion, or
' piolnbiting the free exercise thereof, or abridg-
ing the fieedom of speech, or of the right of
' the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition
•the Government for a redress of grievances."
By this amendment, the people did not grant to
Congress any right to intermeddle with the right
of petition. They did not grant any of their re-
served rights; but they meant " to make assur-
ance doubly sure, and take a bond of fate," to
take away from Congress all power whatever
over the right of petition. Mark the language
Congress shall make no law prohibiting or abridg-
ing, &c. It seems to have been drawn with ex-
press reference to the decision of Lord Mansfield,
in Lord George Gordon's case, and to the statute
of 1632, Charles II, which abridged the right of
petition, and which was resuscitated by that de-
cision. It therefore withdraws from Congress
all right of interference with the right of petition
in any form, or in any shape whatever. And if
it be true, as is stated by the honorable Senator
from South Carolina, in a recent report submitted
to this House, that the celebrated report of Mr.
Madison to the Virginia Legislature, in 1799,
conclusively settled that Congress has no right,
in any form, or in any manner, to interfere with
the freedom of the press—and the violation of
that principle, in the enactment of the sedition
act, was the leading cause of the civil revolution
of 1801—I say, if this be so, sir, how can a dis-
tinction be drawn between the right of Congress i
to abridge the freedom of the press, and the free-
dom of petition' They are alike protected by
the same clause of the Constitution, and by the
same language placed beyond congressional ac-
tion. If this be so, sir, the people themselves
have settled the construction of this clause irre-
versibly.                                                                |
How, Mr. President, then, can we deny the '
right of petition without violating the Constitu-
tion; without a gross usurpation of a power not
only not granted to us, but withheld from us in
clear, plain, and unequivocal language'
We cannot make any law, we cannot legislate
at all as to the right of petition, we cannot—call-
ing to our aid all the powers of the House of
Representatives and the Executive also, the whole
powers of legislation—abridge, in any form or
shape, the right of petition. Can we, then, do it
by rule' No, sir, surely not. We cannot do
indirectly what we cannot do directly. But, sir,
the Senate have done no such thing. Their rules
have been diawn by sound constitutional law-
yers. Page 48, section 24, Rules of the Senate,
declares:
" Before any petition or memorial addressed to the Sen-
ate shall be received and read at the table, whether the
same shall be introduced by the Pre«ident or a member, a
brief statement of the contents of the petition or memorial
sliall verbally be made by the introducer "
The rules, then, simply regulate the mode of
the introduction of a petition. They go no fur-
ther; they could not go further by the Constitu-
tion, or without violating it. They make no
question of the reception of petitions. The re-
jection of a petition for disrespectful language is
an anomaly, and mu^t furnish its own rule.
Sir, how is the rejection of this petition at-
tempted to be justified ' It is by the lex parha-
mentaria, the law of Parliament. Now it is
clear that this rule respecting the reception of a
petition founded on the law of Parliament, has
never been adopted, and could not be adopted by
the Senate. It is hostile to the principles of that
Constitution under which they hold their seats
It is adapted to another meridian—a meridian
where the right of petition has been abndged
by act of Paihament, by judicial decisions—
usurping legislative powers—wheieit has been
pared down to the size of paihamentary discie-
tion Heie, sir, it is too mighty, too laisje, for
senatorial power, much less lor senatonal dis-
cretion, to grasp, and can it be seriou&ly con-
tended that it can be abridged by the parhamentai y
law of England—borrowed or not borrowed—
adopted or not adopted—naturalized or not nat-
uralized ' No, sir, no The position cannot be
maintained. Such a doctrine assumes for its basis
that the Senate may violate the Constitution with
impunity, under the shield of a rule of the Bi ltish
Parliament, wholly inconsistent with, and subver-
sive of, the principles of that Constitution.
But, sir, it has been said that the right of pe-
tition is limited to grievances which personally
affect the petitioners. Sir, this doctrine sounds
strangely to my ears. It is not the doctrine of
the Revolution, and it is there that the people of
the United States have learned their lessons of
that right. It is not the doctrine of our ances-
tors. It is not the doctrine of liberty. It is not
the doctrine of our Constitution. Sir, as respects
the Union, the Government is a unit. That great
mass of human liberty which reposes in safety
under the protection of our Constitution is com-
posed of the rights and hbeities, the prosperity
and adveisity, the weal and the woe, of each
citizen and each section of our wide extended
empire. Sir, the sympathy between the members
of the natural body is not more direct and imme-
diate than that between all the members of this
great Republic Touch the right, the interest, or
the liberties of the humblest citizen of this great
Republic, no matter where his lot may be cast,
ana the pulsation is felt in every part. Raise but
the cry of oppression in the remotest pranie of
Missouri, or the rudest dell of the Alleghames,
and the cry is echoed and reechoed—ay, sir, and
felt, too—in ev ery street, and in every alley of every
city and town, in every valley, and upon every
hill top and mountain of the extended limits of
the Union. We are bonded together for common
weal and common woe. It is this which breathes
the Promethean fire of liberty into the cold and
chiseled forms of republican government. Sir,
the grievance of one is the grievance of all. So
thought, so felt, so acted, the gallant sires of the
constituents of the honorable Senator, in the
darkest and most fearful period of the Revolution,
before compact had added new obligations to the
sabred ties of a common ancestry, kindred, and
institutions. The cry of oppression raised in
Faneuil Hall pealed over the whole South; and
petitions for redress of grievances—grievances
which fell first upon the cradle of hbei ty only—
besieged the English Parliament from all quaiters
of the good old thirteen States. The true doc-
trine upon this subject is wntten in the history
of the Rev olution in characters of blood—of the
blood of our sires in the East and in the West,
the North and the South. The light of petition
for the redress of grievances, is as broad and ex-
pansive as the rights of the citizen, and circum-
scribed only by the limits of the Union It can
be abridged only by those limits. The people
must be and are the judges of what is or is not a
grievance.
Another objection has been made to the recep-
tion of this petition, that it prays what the Con-
gress cannot constitutionally grant Admit it
What then' Is that a cause for rejecting a peti-
tion ' Does the gentleman forget the principles
which lay at the foundation of our institutions,
of our Re volution, that government was instituted
by the people and for their benefit, and that they
may remodel it when they see proper' Does he
forget the doctrines of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence ' Does he forget the provision of the
Constitution which expressly provides for amend-
ments ' But, sir, has the question as to the con-
stitutional power of Congress over slavery and
the treatment of slaves in the District of Colum-
bia, been settled ' When ' where ' how' Is it
not a question at least so open, that a difference
of opinion may be entertained, and if so sn
(and I do not mean myself now to express any
opinion on the subject,) is it a ground for reject-
ing a petition ' it may be good ground for reject-
ing the prayer of a petition, that it asks what we
have no power to giant, but we must rccuve
it to undeistand it, to examine it, to judge We
must íeceive it in ouh r to enable us to discharge
our duties We must not forget that it is our
duty to sustain the rights of the people—that in
this Hall the íelation between us and the people
is, on the side of the people, vghts, and on our
side, duties.
Sir, where will this doctrine cany the honoi-
able Senatoi ' The Lcgislatuies of some States
have instructed their Senators to vote in favoi of
what are called the erpunging n solutions. I be-
lieve, sir, that some people have imagined that
the resolutions are unconstitutional. Are they
to be rejected' Is a soveieign State to be re-
jected at the threshold on this ground' I warn
gentlemen that this is a subject upon which the
people know their rights, and, knowing, dare
maintain them; that they will not be paltered
with in a double sense. I warn gentlemen that
this is a subject upon which no metaphysical in-
genuity can perplex them.
Sir, the people will never consent to wait at
your door as suppliants, or as masters, until
they have been taught the mode of making a
graceful bow, or the precise language which will
suit our courtly eais.
Mr. Piesident, it is said, and said truly, that
we ought to beware how we sufft r our feelings
to be our counselors, wheie the judgment ought
only to aot. It will not do foi us to turn fiom
the propriety of our own course, by either real
or imaginary danger. Great principles are always
immutable, and cannot be made to bend to en cum-
stances.
Sir, we all, North and South, abhor abolition
incendiarism. But what is it' It is the attempt
to deceive honest men into the belief that then-
duties as freemen, as Christians,as human beings,
compel them to violate the sacred compact of their
ancestors; to destroy that Constitution which
binds us in the golden chain of the Union, to
array brother against brother, and to put the
dagger and the torch in the hands of infwi rated
madmen, to destroy the lives and property of our
brethren. It is a negro and slave philanthropy,
which rejects and spurns all humanity and con-
sideration for the whites and the masters. It 13
crimsoning the religion of peace with the blood
of our fellow-men. It is setting fire to the whole
edifice, in order to purify it fiom the stain of a
single spot. This, sir, is monomaniaism, it is
fanaticism. How, sir, can this be put down'
By persecution ' No, sir. It is its life-blood, its
aliment Sir, the only way of putting down fa-
naticism is by infamy or ridicule. The history
of fanaticism in all ages and in all countries
teaches us this lesson.
Sir, why is abolition incendiarism to be put
down by infamy' Because it seeks directly oi
indirectly to violate the solemn compact of our
ancestois—to dissolve our happy Union, and
under a false and frensied notion of humanity,
to involve our fellow-citizens in the horrors of
rapine, murder, and a servile war. This is what
renders abolition incendiarism infamous in the
non-slaveholding States. There, sir, it has looked
into the pure and clear reflection of public opin-
ion, seen its own Gorgon features, and been
turned into stone. That public opinion is not
the light wich coruscates from the heat of excite-
ment, dazzling but to blind, but the steady and
glonous light of the common sense of the wise
and good, of that common sense which God in
his infinite mercy has imparted to all his crea-
tures in his own image, as the ethenal element of
man, and like the natural elements, common to
all. It is that voice of the people which justifies
the maxim, voxpopuh vox Dei, which has spoken
in the North, and abolition incendiarism has
been annihilated.                                                ,
I can assure the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, that in the State which I have the honor
in part to represent, I know no one abolition in-
cendiary—I have never known one, however de-
sirous many citizens may be to see the abolition
of slavery.   No one there would dare to avow,
