1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of CWutn&ta—-Mr. Watt.
Senate.
that to accomplish it, he would dissolve or even
put at hazard the Union, and the peace and se-
curity of our southern brethren.
The danger, Mr. President, at present, is not
from the Abolitionists; but from agitation and
excitement    We have heard the voice of the
f'reat agitator of Europe pealing across the At-
antic, and proclaiming at once the watch word
and the rule of action for his co- laborers—agitation,
agitation. Will we not aid in this, if we teach
the people to believe that the religion of our Con-
stitution requires the sacrifice of any of the chil-
dren of liberty upon its altars ?—that the right
of petition, of the liberty of speech, and of the
press, is inconsistent with, and must be made
to yield to preserve other constitutional rights ?
Sir, the bones of abolition incendiarism now lie
bleaching upon the desolate heaths where they
have been driven by public infamy. They are
harmless; but if you collect those bones and fire
them either for sport or warmth, a spirit may
arise with the powers of vitality and of procreation.
Mr. President, in advocating the right of peti-
tion, I wish not to be misunderstood. When
the petition is received, and the right of the peo-
Sle has been vindicated, I shall be prepared to
ischarge my duty. That duty under all the
^Wiaalions which surround me will compel me
to ádéfk only such measures as will insure do-
mestic tranquillity, promote the general welfare,
and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves
and our posterity, not according to new and un-
tried experiments, but the plain dictates of the
( onstitution I say this duty, as I understand
it, will lead me to reject the prayer of the petition.
Mr. BLACK said that, as so much had been
said on this subject by Senators coming from
States immediately interested, he did not deem it
necessary to enlarge upon it. With regard to
the action upon the petitions, he believed it would
be with a view to the same general result by all
the Senators, except it might be the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Morris.) He must take this
occasion to say, that he felt greatly indebted to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bu-
chanan] for the liberal course pursued by him
on tiiis subject. The question was, how they
should dispose of the petition presented by the
gentleman, [Mr. Buchanan.]
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
houn] Bad moved to reject the petition, and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan)
had moved to reject the prayer of the petition.
The former, in his opinion, was the strongest
motion that could be made, and he should vote
("or it. If the South had no right to reject the
reception of the petition, the matter was then at
to end. He went into an argument, and cited
the rules to show the powers of Congress to
reject petitions that asked for an unconstitutional
act, or contained improper language towards either
branch of Congress or any member thereof, and
drew a distinction between the use of the right
of petitioning and the abuse of it. The freedom
of speech and of the press were rights analogous
to the right of petitioning, and laws had been
passed by the State Legislatures stating in what
they consisted. He spoke of libels as an abuse
of the freedom of the press. They had a right
to define what was a peaceable assembly for the
redress of grievances. Provisions in the Federal
Constitution were broader than in State govern-
ments, which were always in some degree jealous
of each other. The gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Wabl] had said the right of petition should
be as broad as the Constitution. Suppose (said
Mr. B.) a petition should be sent here praying
for an alteration of the Constitution to elect the
President for life. Should they not reject it? He
should do it instanter. If the right to petition
was as broad as the Constitution itself, it could
not be broader.
The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Wall]
had said the grievance of one citizen was the
grievance of another. The grievance complained
of in this petition did not back any grievance of
the District of Columbia. The doctrine was as
vain and ideal,as to say that the missionary was
essential to the establishment of religion.
If the powers alluded to by the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Niles] were not transferred
by the cession of Virginia and Maryland to the
General Government, then they were not trans-
ferred at all. The petitioners had asked Congress
to do what they had no right to do, and could
not do, without a breach of trust. Were the
petition on this subject not unconstitutional in its
power, and presented at a time of extraordinary
deep and pervading excitement, he might be dis-
posed to give it the usual direction. But it was
brought up at a time when it would not do to
tamper with this subject. He spoke in reference
to that section of the country where he was im-
mediately interested. The people there looked to
this movement as the entering wedge to the in-
terference in the slaveholding States. He believed
the most direct way in which it could be met
was the most proper. As long as the matter was
confined to a few straggling mercenaries, or con-
fined to Arthur Tappan, he treated it with sov-
ereign contempt. But when they assumed the
formidable character of societies, to stir up and
incite to cutting throats, the people of the South
would exert all the power they had on earth to
repel them. While exciting to such purposes,
they could not expect mercy from the South.
He understood there were many petitions, nu-
merously signed, in the possession of Senators,
not yet presented, and that the Abolitionists had
organized societies throughout the North,
If he should say that these societies would be
put down by the people of the North, he would
not speak the truth. In regard to the commer-
cial community, they had nothing to say concern-
ing them, as they were not supposed to be con-
cerned in it; but there was a body of clergy in
the country aiming at the assumption of power,
who were connected with them, and were the
mere index of them. While they said they had
not the right to interfere with the rights of the
South, why did they claim the right to discuss
the subject, circulate petitions, newspapers, pam-
phlets, and pictures for ? It was for the purpose
of raising a political party at the North ; and if
not for that object, it was for no object at all. He
had received a paper from a gentleman in New
York, from which he read an extract, finding
fault with the sentiments of Governor Marcy, in
opposition to the Abolitionists, contained in his
message to the Legislature of that State, and
threatening to bring their influence to bear against
him. Whether that was their object or not, it
must necessarily lead to politics. There was no
excitement that did not run into politics. That ex-
citement would be brought to bear upon the elec-
tions, and they would send members of Congress
here; and no doubt their object was to do so. If
there were any citizens of the North who did not
desire to plunge the country into direful conse-
quences, he would call upon them to review the
manner and scope of their operations. The
opinion of the South was made up; and Con-
gress never could act on it. As soon as Congress
took the first step in a legislative point of view,
it would be the last; it never could be touched,
except at the point of the sword. He did not say
these things for the purpose of excitement, but
he said it in the sincerity of his heart. It was a
notorious fact, that some three or five years ago
there was a party in the South in favor of the
gradual abolition of slavery, whose efforts were
now cut short by the conduct of the Abolitionists.
They dare not now even speak of their laudable
views. He alluded to the charges of the Aboli-
tionists against slaveholders. He was willing,
for his part, to bear the share of the odium. He
was astonished at some of the remarks of the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Kino.] The people
of the South were not willing to have this matter
connected with the presidential election, as was
charged to them. They had nothing to gain by it.
There was no such feeling in the public mind in
the State he came from. All they desired was,
that a man should be elected who would admin-
ister the affairs of the Government purely with a
view to the public good. The feelings, then, were
not got up with reference to any such question.
With regard to the merits of slavery itself, it was
a question the merits of which he would never
consent to discuss. He alluded to some remarks
from the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bu-
chanan] he was sorry to hear. If any suffered,
it was the whites. The condition of the blacks
in the southern States was better than in any place
in the Union.   The morality of the South, which
had been reflected upon, would not suffer in com-
Earison with any other section of the country. If
e were to indulge in epithets------
Mr. BUCHANAN rose to explain. He had
said in the abstract, as regards slavery, he coin-
cided with the opinions of the people of his native
State-, and that was all he did say.
Mr. BLACK continued. He had supposed the
gentleman coincided in the sentiments expressed
in the petitions. He should vote for the very
strongest motion in which he should consider the
petition itself rejected. Entertaining, as he did,
no doubt that Congress had a right, on account
of improper language and the unconstitutionality
of its object, to reject the petition itself, he should
vote first for its rejection, on the motion of the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun.]
He considered the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] as coming
second to it; and, if the first proposition failed,
he would join the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buchanan] in voting for his proposition.
He was the more reconciled to vote for it, as a
part of the gentlemen from the South were of
opinion that it was the better mode of disposing
of it.
Mr PORTER said it was not his intention to
have spoken on any subject to-day, and esprci-
ally on the subject spoken upon by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. King.] Subsequent reflec-
tion had not struck him with any error advanced
on that day. What he had seen had struck him
with the necessity of observing silence. He felt
as if the liberties of the country were involved in
this discussion. Unless the people of the North
used stronger measures than had yet been used,
he despaired of suppressing the growth of abo-
litionism. He was proud to call the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. King] his friend He be-
lieved him honest. He believed if he [Mr. King]
thought he was pursuing a course which would
weaken the cause of the South, he would instantly
retrace it. The course pursued by that gentle-
man this day, was in his (Mr. P.'s) opinion well
calculated to thwart them, (the southern delega-
tion.) They were presented here with a divided
front—the maxim of " divide and conquer" was
bearing upon them.' When everything dear to
them was involved, when the gentleman had seen
they were bowed down, he hoped he would unite
with them, so that they might show that they were
not divided at home. For his part, he should
persist in the course he was going to pursue, and
to which he had expressed his preference, even at
the risk of a division. The South ought to unite
on the very strongest measures. No matter what
was done; whether they rejected the prayer of the
petition, or refused to touch it as contaminating,
the Abolitionists would continue their schemes;
they were animated by a religious enthusiasm—
they had their movers, and they would continue
their avocations to the end of their lives. He
feared the good sense of the North would not be
able to put them down.
He had said before, that he would move to
reject this petition at once. Was there not a
motion for that purpose now? Could not the
honorable gentleman from Georgia [Mr. King]
see the object of it was to teach them that this
was a subject aboxit which they of the South
could not be talked to? Sacred as that instru-
ment, the Constitution, was, when he saw their
rights, their property, and their lives in jeop-
ardy, the sacredness of its character was lost.
He admitted the right of petition was sacred, and
did not wish to abridge it. He saw no difference
between rejecting the petition and rejecting the
prayer of it. The right of petitioning did not
imply the right of assenting to the petition. He
felt a higher obligation than any other on earth
to resist this attempt to interfere with southern
rio-hts. He warned those in the North, whose
affections were kind and whose judgments were
sound on this subject, that this temple was des-
tined for purposes which those who built it never
contemplated. If these societies were growing,
as he believed they were, he could not shut his
eyes to the threatened dangers. Gentlemen were
mistaken if they thought he wished to discredit
or weaken the exertions of his northern friends.
He did not believe that those gentlemen from ths
