APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24th Conr.... 1st Sess.         District of Columbia—ilin Southard, Mr. King^ of Georgia
bracing the class of sufferers whose " building  i he did not believe that the bill had received forty    payments du
and merchandise" have been insured against fire, I votes in this House.                                                     periods allov
187
Senate.
bracin  the class of sufferers whose " building 
and merchandise" have been insured against fire,
and who may have received the full value of their
property from the insurance offices. This class
ou?lit not to be ranked among the sufferers by
fire and given the relief provided in the first sec-
tion of this bill. Again, that portion of the im-
porting merchants whose merchandise had been
sold and entered into the consumption of Uie
country, and who had of course actually received
the amount of duties from the consumer, would
be entitled to relief under the first section of this
bill, if they had only a bouse burnt, however large
the debt might be to the United States.
Mr. J. said that he could not see the propriety
of any legislation whatever for persons thus sit-
uated. Congress had, upon more occasions than
one, refused relief to public officers, whose houses
had been burnt, and the public money collected
by them lost in the conflagration. It also refused
relief to officers robbed of the public money in
their possession, because of the danger that
would arise to the Treasury if such a precedent
was established. Such a principle incorporated
in our laws might operate more to the prejudice
of the public Treasury, than extending relief to
claimants of the latter character. Giving time
for the payment of bonds due to the United
States, was originally allowed, because of the
great hardship imposed upon the merchant of
having the duties to pay upon the merchandise
destroyed by fire, upon which they had accrued.
They had not entered into the consumption of
the country, and of course the merchant paid
the whole tax, in addition to the loss of his
property; whilst, in most cases, other merchan-
dise would be imported into the country to sup-
ply the place of the quantity consumed, and the
Government would thus, a second time, receive
the duties. He was for limiting the operation of
the first section of the bill to the debtors whose mer-
chandise, upon which the duties accrued, had been
burnt, and who were without indemnity—leaving
those whose "bouses " or other "property " had
been burnt to seek relief with the other debtors
of the Government, under the provisions of the
second section of the bill. He was for substi-
tuting the credit of three, four, and five years'
indulgence in the place of a remission of du-
ties.
It had been said that the insurance offices in
New York bad been involved in the common
ruin; and that those who had insurance would
be but partially relieved if the same restriction
was inserted in this bill as had been done in the
bill for the relief of the sufferers by fire in Savan-
nah. This might be the case to a considerable
extent. He understood, however, that it was not
uncommon for the merchants of the city of New
York to have insurance effected in other cities;
and such of them as had been indemnified by their
insurances ought to be excluded from the relief
given in the first section of this bill. They had, in
faet, received the duties due the Government from
the insurance companies,and should be compelled
to pay it over. He had, however, in consequence
of the suggestion, somewhat changed the phrase-
ology of the act of 1820, in the amendmentwhich
he had submitted to the committee, so as to ex-
tend the relief to those " not indemnified by in-
surance," and to those whose merchandise had
been consumed, upon which the duties had ac-
crued, intending, as far as practicable, to propor-
tion the relief to the loss sustained by the mer-
chant.
The remission of duties seems to have been
wholly given up; he did not believe there was a
solitary case since 1802. But those most inter-
ested on such subjects seemed very reluctant to
yield to the decisions of Congress. In 1825, a
fire occurred in Boston: Bangs and others, Sea-
wall, Jones & Co., asked a remission of duties on
the merchandises destroyed in the original pack-
ages. A bill was reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means giving the relief asked, and
was finally acted upon by the House in the
spring of 1830. When he had for the first time
the honor of a seat upon this floor, he recollected
the debate: it was ably and eloquently resisted by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means at that time, (Mr. McDuffie,) as well as
by the present chairman of that committee, and
he did not believe that the bill had received forty
votes in this House.
Mr. J. said, it was unnecessary at this time
further to examine the correctness of the princi-
ples upon which Congress had heretofore acted
in refusing to remit duties; that question would
be more properly the subject of discussion when
some of the bills reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means during the present session
should be before the House. He trusted that the
committee was satisfied from the remarks he had
made, that prolonging the time of payment had
been substituted by Congress, in lieu of the re-
mission of duties, and that, if the House adopted
the present bill or his amendment, it would be
so considered. He acknowledged (he said) that
he did not see the principle or the reasons upon
which some members of the committee acted,
who avowed themselves willing to remit the
duties, but were unwilling to allow the extension
of the time of payment. It was a case, in their
estimation, so hard upon the applicants, that they
would forgive the debt, but could not allow a
credit of three, four, and five years. He thought,
if the debts ought to be forgiven, that would be
of itself the, strongest reason for protracting the
payment, so as to enable the debtors to present
their case to Congress, and get the final action of
that body before the payment of the money. The
Government needs not the, money—the surplus
on hand cannot be disposed of. If we collected
the money, it would remain in the deposit banks
without interest, and would not probably be
touched by the Government until after the pro-
posed time of payment; it seemed probable, in-
deed, that it would increase rather than diminish
until after the period; and, for his part, he would as
soon have the money in the hands of the debtor,
well secured, as in the banks; and if by that
means the dreadful calamity which has befallen
the city could be mitigated, he for one would
cheerfully allow it.
Mr. J. said that he had another objection to the
first section of the bill; it authorized the time to be
txtended, with the assent of the securities on the
old bonds, or new bonds to be taken, and the old
ones to be canceled; that he apprehended it
would not be safe to impose upon the collector
at New York the responsibilty of taking new
obnds and new security for so large a sum of
money; that it would be difficult, if not impos-
sible, for the collector to ascertain what influence
this great calamity would have upon the fortunes
of the various individuals who would be pre-
sented to him as principals or sureties in the ob-
ligations to the Government. With the utmost
care and caution on the part of the collector, good
bonds might be surrendered for new ones, with
doubtful or insufficient security taken. He
thought, if such an indulgence was extended to
the debtors of the Government, Congress should
retain all the security they now have, and in
every doubtful case make it the duty of the col-
lector to require other and further security before
the indulgence should be allowed.
. Mr. J. said that he had proposed the amend-
ment, to avoid what seemed to him exceptions to
the first section of this bill. By it the same relief
would be given to New York that had been
extended to Savannah by the act of 1820, and in
very nearly the same language; he thought it
more appropriate and more just than the relief
given by the preceding acts. He would have
preferred the bill without the second section,
which allowed six, nine, and twelve months to
all the debtors at New York. It was a dangerous
precedent to set: there would be no end to ap-
plications for postponement, if allowed for any
cause, and it could only be excused on account
of the unparalleled calamity which had befallen
the city. If the Government coerced the pay-
ment of* the bonds at New York, amounting to
near $4,000,000, upon the heels of such acalamity,
apressure mightbe produced in the money market
that might lose us half the money; by allowing to
our debtors whose merchandise was destroyed in
the fire, which he understood was near $1,000,000,
three, four, and five years to pay it, and to our
other debtors at the city, six, nine, and twelve
months, every opportunity would be afforded to
them to recover from the effects of that distress-
ing calamity, and prepare themselves to meet the
payments due the United States, at the respective,
periods allowed them.
Mr. J. thought it was the duty of Congress, as
well as the interest of the Treasury, to give relief
to the present applicants in some shape. He
thought the relief in the amendment which he
had submitted to the committee, preferable to
that given by the bill; but if the amendment did
not meet the approbation of the committee, he
should probably feel it his duty to sustain the 
bill in its present shape.
It was a relief which every liberal, generous
creditor would allow his debtor under such an
afflicting calamity. It was a relief which they
had a right to expect at our hands, having before
given such relief upon every application for more
than thirty years. It was a relief which our in-
terest as creditor required us to give, to avoid any
losses which might result from a pressure. The
United States had been liberal, generous to the
sufferers at Carracas, and by his vote should not
be less liberal to our own citizens at New York,
who had suffered.by the late dreadful conflagra-
tion.
ttlSTRlCT OF COLUMBIA.
DEBATE  IN THE  SENATE,
February 15, 1836.
The Resolution submitted by Mr. Southíed, for com-
piling and printing the Laws and Documents relating to the
District of Columbia, being under consideration—
Mr. SOUTHARD spoke of the great import-
ance of having those laws and documents com-
prised in one book as matter of convenient refer-
ence, and for the information of the Senate, and
of the great difficulty and inconvenience in find-
ing them when they were wanted. He could not
tell the amount of the expense the printing and
compilation of the book would incur.
Mr. KING of Georgia opposed the resolution
on the ground that it would impose upon the Sec-
retary of the Senate a very great burden, which
was not strictly within the line of his duty. He
knew of no obligation resting on that officer to
compile and superintend the printing of such a
work. They had no reasonable idea or data of
the expense of the publication. He did not like
this legislating in the lump. It was an unusual
mode of legislation. There was a provision of
the Constitution that no money should be drawn
from the Treasury except by law. If this mode
of taking money from the Treasury was adopted,
they might as well blot out that part of the Con-
stitution—or if it would be more likely to arouse
the attention of his honorable friend from Mis-
souri, (turning to Mr. Bevtov,) he would use the
term "expunged." He adverted to the facility
of obtaining the imformation embraced in these
documents, by applying at the different offices in
the Capitol.
He moved that the bill be referred to a com-
mittee, who could report whether such a publi-
cation was necessary, and if so, the probable
expense.
Mr. SOUTHARD believed that committee did
not know what documents were wanted.     He
Cresumed there were not three Senators in that
ody who knew what documents were wanted.
It was to him most unaccountable that Congress
should be the sole Legislature of the District of
Columbia, without having a compilation of the
laws relating to if.. These acts were small in
number, but were scattered over the acts of Con-
gress for many years. At the last session, some
of the acts could only be found among the secret
files of the Government. They were solemnly
bound to know the relation in which these acts
placed them towards the District. He spoke of
a book containing a code of laws which the Sen-
ator from Missouri thought worthy of a place
among the laws of the District. He (Mr. S.)
wanted these laws for his own information, as
well as for the information of the people. They
ought not to pass laws as despots and tyrants.
Three, four, or five thousand dollars, with an
overflowing Treasury, was no objection, com-
pared with the importance of the object. If it
were some favorite document from the Executive,
there would be no difficulty in getting it printed.
The  object he had in view was what he had
