138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             [March 2,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
stated, and no other. He had no objection to the
alteration of the resolution in point of form. He
did not stand on matters of form.
It was not his intention, in offering the resolu-
tion, to compel the Secretary of the Senate to
attend to it in person. The words in the resolu-
tion were, that he should cause it to be done. A
duty had been imposed on him in another case,
which would measurably qualify him for this.
"He had designated the Secretary of the Senate,
because he believed that gentleman had the in-
telligence and the economy, with his knowledge
of the subject, to secure them the publication of
the work in a style that would make it useful
and valuable. Any calculation as to the expense
must be uncertain. The country ought tn have
that document in its hands. This was the resi-
dence of the Government, and many of these
documents were the acts of General Washing-
ton, and could not now be found in print.
Mr. WRIGHT enumerated various documents
that would be embraced by the resolution, and
among others, the reports fremi committees in
relation to the District of Columbia, many of
which would be useless at this time, and it was
the same way with many of the laws. He
thought the resolution ought to go to the com-
mittee to report only such as were useful to Con-
gress.
Mr. BLACK would cheerfully vote for the res-
olution, if he could see the benefit of it. He
would ask if the resolution did not embrace re-
ports made and bills reported, that had never been
Íiassed into laws, and if so, whether any estimate
íad been made of the number of volumes it would
make ? He remembered they got into a difficulty
a year or two ago in ordering printing in a case
similar to this, which had been swelled to some
one hundred and fifty volumes. Under this reso-
lution he should consider laws merely drawn up
and never passed were to form a part of the
work, and there was no estimating what it would
cost. That would rest entirely on whoever super-
intended it. He knew of no such projects in the
several States. He was entirely opposed to this
whole project. He thought the lesson they had
received about two years since in printing docu-
ments was enough to put them on their guard.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, then moved to refer
the resolution to the Committee on the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate, with instructions to as-
certain and report the documents that would be
required under the resolution to be printed, and
the probable expense of executing the resolution.
He was himself inclined to believe that the print-
ing required to be done by the resolution would
exceed twenty volumes as it was.
Mr. BENTON spoke against these resolutions
for printing, by which tens and hundreds of thou-
sands went out of the Treasury, without any
appropriation made by law, but by mere resolu-
tions read once and passed, and then charged
upon the contingent fund. He specified many
instances, and objected to these resolutions as
being against the positive rules of the Senate,
which he read, and which required the resolu-
tions which took money out of the contingent
fund to undergo all the forms of a bill; to be in-
troduced on notice and leave; to be read three
times, &c; and clearly discriminated them from
the mere motions to do the current business of
the Senate.
These responsibilities (said Mr. B.) have here-
tofore been attached to our opponents, but we
are so near a majority now, that some responsi-
bility begins to attach to us.
Mr. SOUTHARD meant to pursue this sub-
ject till the Senate would say, Dy a direct vote,
that they either would or would not sanction the
publication. He was disposed to adopt the course
suggested by the Senator from Georgia.
He had had no idea he was offering a resolu-
tion of such magnitude in whicli was involved
hundreds of thousands of dollars, capitulations
at midnight, and the labor of the Secretary of the
Senate. He hoped the Secretary would survive
it. His sympathies were aroused for their poor
Secretary. But seriously. If he (the Secretary)
had to cause this printing to be done, very little
labor would devolve on him. The expense of
pruning the documents, comprising the history
of all the old States of the Confederacy had been
referred to. He thought the printing of the doc-
uments relating to this little ten miles square
would hardly be confounded with that work.
Did not the imagination of Senators carry them
beyond the true state of the case? He had no
idea, when he offered this simple resolution, that
it would have engendered a discussion about
squandering millions of the money of the coun-
try. If the committee had made an inquiry on
the subject, and embraced these documents in
their report, and asked the printing of them as a
part of their report, it would then have become
perfectly legal, and the objections to its legality
would be entirely removed. The responsibility
did not rest on the one side or the other of the
Senate—it rested on all. He hoped the motion
of the Senator from Georgia [Mr. King] would
prevail.
Mr. King's amendment was agreed to.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
SPEECH OF HON. R. J. WALKER,
OF MISSISSIPPI,
In Senate, March 2, 1836.
The question being on the reception of a Memo-
rial praying the abolition of Slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia—
Mr. WALKER said: It is with no ordinary
emotion that I feel constrained to participate in
the debate upon this question. Having served
but a few days in my present situation, never
heretofore having occupied a seat in any legisla-
tive assembly, State or national—borne down by
a severe domestic bereavement, with which it has
pleased Providence to afflict me since the com-
mencement of this session—gladly, most gladly
would I give a silent vote upon this occasion.
But there are considerations connected with this
question, involving so deeply the vital interests
of my constituents—the repose of my country,
the perpetuity of that Union which is dearer to
me than life, for I have no desire to survive its
dissolution—that I am impelled, by a solemn
sense of duty, to express my opinions on this
subject.
A petition has been presented to the Senate,
requesting Congress to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia. Two motions have been
made in relation to this petition; one to refuse to
receive it, and the other to reject the prayer of
the petitioners. The former has the precedence
in the order of decision here, and is regarded by
me as expressing more strongly our disapproba-
tion of this petition, than the rejection of the
prayer of the petitioners.
But we are met in the threshold of this discus-
sion, by a preliminary question, which is honestly
believed by many of all parties, from the South
as well as the North, to interpose a constitutional
barrier against the rejection of this petition. We
are told, that to reject the petition is to abridge
the right of petition, and to violate the Constitu-
tion. With my oath to support that sacred in-
strument yet fresh upon my lips and green in
my memory, did I suppose that a constitutional
obligation was imposed upon vis to receive all
petitions addressed and presented to us, whatever
their language, character, or tendency might be,
my vote should be given against the rejection of
this memorial. The rights of my constituents
are infinitely dear to me, but they do not desire
to secure those rights by trampling down the
Constitution of the Union.
The first article of the amendments to the
Constitution is relied upon as denying to us all
power to reject this petition. That article is as
follows: " Congress shall make no law respect-
ing an establishment of religion, or prohibiting
the free exercise thereof; or abridging the free-
dom of speech, or of the press; or the right of
the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition
the Government for a redress of grievances."
What is it on this subject that Congress cannot
do? It can " make no law " " abridging " " the
right of the people peaceably to assemble, and
to petition the Government for a redress of griev-
ances." Do we propose to abridge this right?
Do we attempt to say to the people, either by a
law or otherwise, that they shall not peaceably
assemble and petition the Government for a re-
dress of grievances? Do we say they shall not
assemble, or that when assembled they shall not
petition ? Or even that when the petition is sub-
scribed, that they shall not present it for the
action of this body? We say none of these
things. Notwithstanding our refusal to receive
this petition, the people may again assemble,
again subscribe, and present here another and
another petition, precisely similar to that now
before us; and this right we do not undertake to
abridge or question. But when the people have
fully exercised and exhausted the right of peti-
tion, as secured by the Constitution, and pre-
sented that petition here, then our rights begin,
and we may, in determining the order of our
own proceedings, reject the whole petition; or,
what is nearly the same thing, reject the prayer,
which is the vital part of it, or refer the petition,
or postpone indefinitely the consideration of it,
or lay it upon the table to sleep the sleep of
death, and the constitutional rights of the people
are not infringed by adopting any of these
modes.
I am not willing to be accused of violating the
sacred right of petition; my veneration of that
right is as great as that of any Senator upon this
floor; but this right is not assailed or invaded by
refusing to receive the petition, but remains in its
full force, unimpaired and undiminished, subject
to be exercised in all its extent, whenever the
people resolve to petition for a redress of griev-
ances. I repeat it, we do not say that the people
shall not assemble—that they shall not petition—
that they shall not present their petitions here:
we do not, in any manner, limit the action of the
petitioners, either by the adoption of any law or
rule on this subject; we do not even say that this
petition shall not be read or discussed; but when
all this has taken place, we may refuse to receive
the petition, either because its language is offen-
sive, or because it asks us to violate our oaths
and the Constitution, or because it requests us to
disturb the harmony of the Union, or for any
other cause the Senate may deem sufficient, for
the Constitution is silent upon this topic, leaving
it where it ought to be left, to the sound, well-
regulated discretion of the Senate on this subject;
and as we cannot, and do not undertake to iimit
or prescribe the manner in which the people shall
exercise the right of petition, so neither can we
permit these or any other petitioners to usurp the
power of this body, and dictate the manner in
which we shall act upon their petition. Nor is
there anything clearer to my mind, than that to
compel the Senate to receive all petitions, how-
ever wild or visionary they may be, or destruc-
tive of the Union, or of the Constitution, would
be to interpolate in that instrument a most dan-
gerous provision. Suppose the Senate refuse to
grant the prayer of these petitioners, and that
another and another petition for the same pur-
pose is presented from day to day, and week to
week, must we forever continue to receive these
Editions, and render the Senate a registering tri-
unal for abolition memorials, denouncing the in-
stitutions and people of the South ? My constit-
uents have rights on this floor, as well as these
petitioners; and I shall not, to gratify the blind
fanaticism or gangrened malice of these or any
other Abolitionists, put in jeopardy all that is
dear to the people of Mississippi, by consenting
to receive these or any other petitions of a similar
character.
My honorable friend, the distinguished Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] has referred
us to various enactments of the British Parliament,
limiting the number of petitioners, or providing
for their dispersion by an armed force, or annex-
ing various precedent conditions and limitations
restricting the right of petition, and imposing pen-
alties upon the exercise of that right. Now, the
illustration afforded by a reference to these laws,
appears to me to weaken the position assumed
by that Senator. It was with a knowledge of all
these laws, and others of a congenial character,
that the declaratory amendment was introduced
into the Constitution, with a view to protect the
American people against the enactment of similar
laws by the Congress of the United States. But
we undertake to pass no such laws, or any laws
whatever on this subject; we propose to exercise
