6                                       APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._________________[March 3,
24*11 Cong.... 1st Sess.        Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. King, of Alabama.                           Senate.
a short time, a few of our generous and chival-
rous people may fall beneath the knife of the
black insurgent, urged on by northern Aboli-
tionists, Now and then a few of our dwellings
maybe consumed by the torch of the incendiary;
a few, a very few of the mothers, sisters, wives,
and children, of the people of the South may fall
in one indiscriminate and unsparing massacre;
but the grand object of the Abolitionists can
never, never be accomplished. They may pub- I
lish document after document, and print after
print, and it will all be vain and nugatory. They
will not have made the slightest approach towards
the grand object of all their efforts. No, our
peculiar institutions we will yield only at the
point of the bayonet, and in a struggle for their
defense we would be found invincible.
This is not the language of a Nullifier or Seces-
sionist. No; it is the opinion of one who ever has
Opposed, and will continue to oppose, those doc-
trines, as fatal to the perpetuity of the American
Union. It is the language of a man whose love
of this Union is as warm as the vital blood that
fushes from his vital heart; who values his own
estiny here as less than a bubble bursting on
the ocean surge, compared with the duration of
this Government, and life itself as utterly worth-
less, were this Union dismembered. It is be-
cause he thus loves and values the Union, that
he would warn the people of the North that the
unchecked efforts of the Abolitionists do endanger
this Union—that we ask for the strongest and
most decisive measures against them, and that
they may be made to know and feel that they can
in no contingency effect their object. Let us all,
then, rouse ourselves to the contemplation of the
mighty stake which is at hazard, and see what
we can do to maintain and perpetuate the bless-
ings of this great confederacy. Let us also never
forget, that now is the time for exertion; for if
the sun of this Union should once set, it will go
down forever, that there will be no morning to
the midnight of that universal despotism which
would ensue upon the setting of the sun of the
American Union.
A distinguished Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Webster,] in a celebrated debate here, de-
clared that, whenever the Union was in danger,
He should be found in the midst of the combat,
trying " To the rescue! to the rescue!" Sir, the
Union is in danger; the battle is now going on;
It is progressing in this Senate Chamber; here,
here, we are endeavoring to resist the efforts of
abolition incendiaries, and will he not now come
I o the rescue ? Now is the accepted time; now is
Ihe day for the salvation of his country's Union.
May I also be permitted to Call upon the emi-
nent Senator from South Carolina [Mr. C alh oun]
to come forward, as he did in the days of his
 arly glory, as the champion of the honor and
perpetuity of this Union. Whilst the Senator
«rom Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] shall sternly
tebuke the fanatical Abolitionists of the North,
•et the voice of the Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Calhoun] be heard in endeavoring to pre-
vent the formation of a southern sectional and
geographical party, which must prove fatal to the
■oermanency of this Confederacy. Not many
years past these two Senators were engaged upon
opposite sides of a great controversy, when the
«cales of intellectual superiority were left in equi-
poise. Now let them go forward together, the
one with the good broadsword of Richard, the
other with the keen saber of Saladin, not to en-
gage in another political tournament with each
other, but to go forward together as champions of
the Union against the abolitionism of the North—
as champions of the Union against sectional or
geographical parties in the South; and they will
wreathe their brows with unfading laurels—laurels
that can never be gathered upon the grave of their
country's Union—laurels that can flourish only
in that holy American atmosphere which em-
braces the whole country and all its parts.
To my honorable and distinguished friend, the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan]
most happy am I to say, it is unnecessary to ap-
peal. He has avowed sentiments on this floor
on this subject worthy of the best days of the
Republic, -worthy of Pennsylvania, the keystone
of the arch of the Union, worthy of the spirit in
%hieh the Constitution was formed, and which
can alone perpetuate its blessings. And, Mr.
President, let us all have the same proud con-
sciousness of endeavoring to discharge our duty.
Let us send forth the dove from this Senate Cham-
ber, to return with the olive branch of peace. Let
us endeavor to find some political Ararat, where
the ark of our Union, now tossing upon the dark
surges of tumultuous passions, may yet repose;
and when we may truly declare, that the deluge
of bitter waters has subsided.
Mr. President, whilst I cannot say there is no
danger to the Union from abolition incendiarism,
yet neither can I agree with the very eloquent
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Preston] in
believing that the case is desperate; that Europe
is against us, the North against us, and that aboli-
tionism must triumph or dismember the Union.
Whilst the thrilling but lugubrious tones, the
melancholy bodings of that Senator, were echoing
through these walls, could we not almost fancy
that the sun of the Union was now sinking be-
neath the horizon? that darker and yet darker
clouds were gathering round us? that the elemental
strife had already commenced, and that fanati-
cism had already drawn the line which marked
the boundaries of a dismembered empire? This
was a picture of fancy; but what are the facts ?
That Senator seems to have no confidence in the
people of the North; he seems to regard them as
Abolitionists by some imperious, irresistible ne-
cessity. My confidence in the American people,
in the people of the North, as well as the South,
is firm ana unshaken. It is the people who es-
tablished and maintained, and will perpetuate, this
Union. It is they who will come to the rescue
when the Union is in danger—it is they who will
sacrifice abolitionism, as a burnt offering, upon
the altar of our country's welfare. From the
humblest cottage they will come forward, with
American hearts and American feelings, and tri-
umphantly sustain those honorable Senators from
the North who are so nobly maintaining here the
cause of our common country. They will be
hailed, upon their return to their constituents, as
the preservers of the Union which the people
value above all price, and which they are resolved
to transmit to their children, all whole and invio-
I late, in undiminished glory. Shall we then de-
' spair of this Union, when our brethren of the
North are rising to crush out the fangs of those
I vipers that are hissing among them ? Look at
Boston, at Utica, at Albany, at New York, at
I Philadelphia, and say, are not the people of the
North preparing to put their feet upon the fanat-
ical disturbers of our country's repose ? And
are they not doing it in a spirit of manly, Ameri-
can patriotism, worthy of the best days of our
Republic, and with a vigor beyond the law? Say
not then that the people of the North and the
South have no common sympathies or affection.
Our whole history is one of a common origin, of
common wrongs,and sympathies, and resistance,
and triumphs, and it will be the history of a com-
mon destiny. The descendants of New England,
of New York, of Pennsylvania, will be with us,
as their fathers were, in the hour of gloom and
danger, when they baptized with their blood the
sunny plains of Carolina, and mingled their ashes
with those of our forefathers upon the battle-
fields of the South. More especially do we re-
gard with heartfelt gratitude the noble efforts of
the people of the great State of New York against
abolition incendiarism.
They are fighting our battles against apowerful
foe—they are fighting our battles beneath the
banner of the Constitution and the Union; and
shall we, can we withhold from them the tribute
of our heartfelt gratitude ? And if public opinion
should be found insufficient to check this fanat-
ical spirit of abolitionism, Governor Marcy, of
New York, in his executive message, proposes
to suppress it by legislative enactments. Go on,
then, noble and enlightened Chief Magistrate of
New York—go on, virtuous and patriotic people,
and put down abolition incendiarism, and you
will erect to yourselves a monument upon which
the American people will engrave, in letters never
to be effaced—New York—her patriots, her states-
men, and her people—they have preserved the Union.
And if there are any of any party on this floor,
who come forth as witnesses or champions in the
cause of abolition, let them stand alone in their
glory—the glory of aiding in the dismemberment
of this Union. And should they succeed in de-
stroying this Government, let them not suppose
that the present age or that posterity will rank
them with the wise, the virtuous, the good, or
the truly pious. No; on this side the tomb,
amid the tears that patriots shed over the ruins
of our departed glory, they would be pointed out
with loathing and disgust, as guilty traitors and
criminals; and when they have escaped in the
grave the horrors of this living death, posterity
will inscribe upon their tomb-stones that damn-
ing epitaph of everlasting infamy, Here lies a de
stroyer of the American Union !
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
SPEECH OF HON. W. R. KING,
OF ALABAMA,
In Senate, March 3, 1836.
The petition of the Society of Friends of Lancaster county,
Pennsylvania, for the abolishment of slavery in the District
of Columbia, being under consideration-
Mr. KING said, that he could not consent that
the question should be taken on the reception of
the memorial then under consideration, without
saying one or two words explanatory of the vote
he should feel it his duty to give,and the grounds
on which he should give it. He was too unwell
to consume much of the time of the Senate by a
lengthened argument; and as the constitutional
part of the question had been sufficiently and
ably discussed, he should be exceedingly brief
in the address he was about to make.
He was one of those who, when this unfortu-
nate subject was first attempted to be introduced
in that body, was anxious to escape all excite-
ment on it. He felt then, and still thought—and
the conviction had been more firmly impressed
on his mind the more he had reflected on it—that
all discussions on this subject had a strong tend-
ency to aid the excitement not only here, but
throughout the country; and by that very ex-
citement they but added to the mischiefs which
these incendiaries, or these fanatics, or whatever
they might be called, were most anxious to pro-
duce. He was disposed to take such a course
that, without affording any pretext for the charge
that they were infringing on the right of petition
as secured by the Constitution, or on the other
hand giving the slightest countenance to the wild
and extravagant views of the petitioners, would
quietly get rid of them without discussion and
without excitement, and lead them to the conclu-
sion that it was a hopeless task to endeavor to
get any action from Congress on the subject.
This had invariably been the course in both
Houses of Congress, from the formation of the
Government to the present time. Two or three
hundred petitions on this subject of abolition had
been presented a few sessions past, received with-
out a moment's hesitation, referred to the appro-
priate committee, and then were heard of no
more. At other periods, memorials of this de-
scription were received and laid on the table.
There they slept; there was no excitement; the
number of the Abolitionists was not increased;
they saw a silent determination on the part of
Congress not to interfere with the subject on which
they petitioned; that it was vain to persevere in
their attempts, and they in a great degree aban-
doned them. He was not, however, disposed to
find fault with those gentlemen who differed with
him with regard to the course that should be
taken with these memorials. He knew that they
stood, as he did, pledged by every consideration,
both of feeling and interest, to support what they
believed to be the strongest measure in opposition
to these memorials; but he could not agree with
them in the propriety or expediency of the course
they had determined on; he could not agree that
any other question should be mixed up with the
one so vitally important to the section of the
country he came from, and particularly a ques-
tion which might draw with it the sympathies of
well-disposed persons, for those whom it was
their imperative duty to put down by the best
means in their power. The question before them
was that raised by the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Calhoun.]   " Shall the memorial be
