142
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 7,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.        Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. King, Mr. Cuthbert.
Senate.
tution well understood that cases would frequently j ¡
occur, when it would become necessary lor the \\
Government to use the property of individuals to  ¡
advance the public interest, and to guard against
the injury which might result from the obstinate
refusal of the owners to yield up such property,
it was well provided that it might be taken.   Yet
so careful were they to guard the rights of prop-
erty from any improper interference on the part
of the Government itself, that it is expressly re-
quired that it shall only be taken for public use,
paying therefor a just compensation.
Now he would ask now this clause in the
Constitution could possibly apply to the eman-
cipation of slaves? You cannot (said he) take
private property, without the consent of the
owner, unless you make him just compensation,
and then only for public use. But the gentleman
■went still further. He said that Congress could
get rid of slavery in the District of Columbia, by
taxation. That is, (said Mr. K.,) if you can
render property valueless by taxation, you may
as well take it away at once. He should like to
know what others from the North thought on
th's subject. If that is the prevailing sentiment,
(said Mr. K.,) it is time that we should know it.
Taxation maybe carried to the States; but he
did not believe that the gentleman from Ver-
mont himself entertained the opinion that such
a course of legislation would ever be either just
or expedient. Such, he felt assured, was not
the sentiment in the State of Vermont. At the
last session of the Legislature of that State, if he
was correctly informed, resolutions were intro-
duced declarative of the power of Congress to
emancipate slaves in this District, and they were
rejected by a small majority; but at this session
resolutions of the same tenor were again intro-
duced, and they were rejected by an overwhelm-
ing majority. Yet this was the State where the
abolition spirit was said to be so much increas-
ing, and was so much to be feared.
Mr. PRENTISS explained. He had made
no statement that the Abolitionists had increased
in Vermont, or were increasing
Mr. KING said he had not stated that the Sen-
ator had gone into an examination of the number
of societies for the abolition of slavery in the
State of Vermont; this he believed had been done
by the gentleman's colleague. But to pursue the
subject further. It was to him as clear as day-
light, that if it had been believed for a moment,
when this Government required the cession of
this territory of ten miles square for the use of the
National Legislature, it would ever assert the
right to emancipate, or so to tax slave property as
to drive it from the possession of the owners— '
that if, at that time, it had been even suspected
that Congress would ever claim such a power, the
States of Virginia and Maryland never would
have made the cession. The Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Goldsborocgh] had put that matter on
a proper footing. The cession was made with a
clear understanding, implied or otherwise, that
no such power would ever be claimed. This was
apparent from the fact, that at the time of the
cession the States of Virginia and Maryland had,
as they still have, a large slave population; and
they never would have been so blind to their own
safety as to make this cession, could they have
believed that Congress thereby acquired the power
to produce a state of things in this District that
would operate on their slaves in so dangerous a
manner. If such, then, was the understanding
with which this cession was made, would it not
be a violation of the faith pledged to these two
States, if Government was now to attempt any
interference with this prohibited subject? He did
not believe that there were any gentlemen on that
floor, disposed to attempt any legislative action
by Congress with regard to slavery in this Dis-
trict; but there was too much reason to apprehend
that there were many men in the northern States
who anxiously kept that object in view. He
would not dwell longer on that part of the subject,
but would say, that whether the Constitution did
or did not apply to this case, and precluded all
interference with it, good faith, as well as sound
policy, demanded that such interference should
never be attempted. With this remark he would
add the expression of the hope, that the argument
of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Leigh,]
explanatory of the extent of the powers conferred
on Congress by the acts of cession of the States of
Virginia and Maryland, would be read and atten-
tively considered by every man in the country
who had any doubts on the subject, and carry
with it, as it should, the conviction itwas so well
calculated to produce, that that subject should
never be touched by Congress.
He should ever remember with feelings of de-
light, in the proceedings of a town meeting held
in the city of Boston the last summer, in which
strong and decisive resolutions were passed, ex-
pressive of their sentiments on the subject of
abolition; and he was highly gratified to witness
their laudable efforts to put down these deluded
Abolitionists, with a foreign miscreant at their
head. He was gratified at the liberal views taken
there by men of high standing for moral and intel-
lectual worth, who, with thnllirtg eloquence, had
portrayed the direful consequences to this Union,
if the mad schemes of these misguided zealots
were persevered in; vindicated the rights and feel-
ings of their brethren of the South, and called
upon their fellow-citizens to aid them in restoring
peace and tranquillity to their common country.
He did hope, that the efforts of such men, aided
by the good sense and virtue of their fellow-citi-
zens, would be finally successful. He looked to
the course of the great State of New York, and
particularly to the able and patriotic message of
her Governor, as one of the most powerful en-
gines employed in the destruction of this danger-
ous spirit of abolition. He looked to the messages
of the Governors of the States where these socie-
ties existed, and which could not be too highly
commended, as an evidence, that they of the South
had with them the intelligence, the moral worth,
and the influential eminence, of their northern
brethren. But he would say to those of the North
who, notwithstanding the opposition of these in-
fluences, still contemplated the emancipation of
the slaves now in the District of Columbia, that
they never could, by any possibility, accomplish
the object they had in view. If there was no
constitutional obstacle in the way; if there was
no breach of good faith towards the States who
ceded this District to the Federal Government, to
be broken down, what would be the consequences
if Congress attempted to legislate on the subject?
Why, the very moment that either House of
Congress carried out such legislation, there would
not be a slave left in the District. They would
immediately be sold to the South; they would be
driven from the homes that were endeared to them
—from the masters who had reared them up, and
the sports of whose children they had shared, to
toil in a distant land, controlled by a stranger
master. Was it worthy of discreet, wise men at
the North to lavish their money, and send abroad
their agents to effect an object that could end in
accomplishing no earthly good ? Was the slave
to be benefited? No, the interest of the master
would forbid it. He could not be emancipated
even by an act of Congress; but his condition
might be rendered worse by sending him to a dis-
tant land. AVhen the day arrives (said Mr. K.)
that slavery is abolished here, then the pious ladies
of Ohio, who are so feelingly alive to the evils of
slavery, may come to listen to the debates in Con-
gress without having their feelings shocked by
witnessing the bondage of their colored brethren;
they will see no slaves here, for they will all have
been transferred to the South; but they will see a
miserable, depraved, and degraded colored popu-
lation, called free, instead of the well fed, well
clothed, happy and contented slaves whom their
misguided zeal had aided in driving from the homes
of their childhood.
These would be the inevitable consequences of
the abolition societies, if they succeeded in their
designs with respect to the District of Columbia.
It was not designed by them, he believed, to ex-
tend their object beyond this District; but if it
was so, it was time that the people of the South
knew it. Few, he presumed, were so entirely
deluded by their mistaken philanthropy, and so
wholly ignorant of the condition of the southern
States, with regard to their slave population, as
to contemplate producing such a horrid state of
things as must result from any interference with
the subject there; but the course of operations on
this District had created a state of agitation and
alarm at the South which could be caused by
hardly any other subject. It was the duty of
their friends from the North to adopt some meas-
ure which would put down these dangerous asso-
ciations whose memorials had caused so alarm-
ing an excitement. By doing so, they would
quiet the apprehensions of the South, and prove
to the people of that section of the country how
little cause they had to fear that this Union, so free,
so happy, so essential to the well being both of
the North and the South, could be jeopardized by
wild attempts at emancipation, that can produce
no good effect on the happiness of the slave, but
must, from the very nature of things, result in
the deterioration of his condition. He could not
conclude without saying one word to his brethren
of the South. He wished them to believe that,
as cordially and as promptly as any man, he
would go with them in adopting the most ener-
getic measures for the purpose of putting an end
to these continued attempts in Congress, which
disturbed and disquieted the southern States; and
that if ever the time arrived, that Congress should
interfere with this prohibited subject, he would
be found among the foremost, resisting, by all the
means in his power, any and every encroachment
on the rights secured to them by their fathers.
He wished them to know that if he could bring
himself to the belief-that the reception of the me-
morial would have the effect of producing an im-
pression that Congress could legislate on the
subject of which it treated, he would hesitate long
before he would consent to receive it. But he
could not entertain such a belief; he felt assured
that the reception of the memorial would have no
such effect, while it would avoid the dangerous
implication of having abridged the right of peti-
tion as secured by the Constitution. The course
proposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania, on
the other hand, would, if adopted, be the most
decisive that could be pursued. It would allow
the petitioners in their quality of citizens of the
United States to present themselves before the
Senate to have a hearing, and it would at the
same time show them how vain and futile was
the hope of their ever producing any action in
Congress. Sir, I have done. I felt bound in
justice to myself, differing as I do with many of
my friends, briefly to state the grounds upon
which my action rests.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
SPEECH  OF HON. A. CUTHBERT,
OP GEORGIA,
1st Senate, March 7, 1836.
The Petition of the Society of Friends, of Lancaster
county, Pennsylvania, for the Abolishment of Slavery in
the District of Columbia, being under consideration—
Mr. CUTHBERT observed, that the indispo-
sition under which he labored, as well as the ex-
treme length to which this discussion had been
carried, would make him prefer, if he could think
it proper to do so, to avoid addressing the Senate
on this occasion. At best, he should be able to
speak but briefly, and with his usual difficulty,
and he should incur no risk, therefore, of being
charged with having unnecessarily protracted the
debate. This certainly was a subject on which,
as an individual, he could not feel indifferent; and
if he could be so, he should only be criminal to
the deepest interests and feelings of the people he
represented. He should, therefore, on a few
points which appeared to be the most important,
express the opinions he had formed; and here
| let him be understood in making a clear and uni-
| form distinction, in all that he might say, be-
tween those who lead and those who follow, be-
tween those who, under the influence of vanity
and a criminal ambition, had meditated and at-
tempted the wildest and most dangerous projects,
and those well-disposed persons who, misled by
a mistaken philanthropy, may yet recover their
sober and steady judgment. He hoped, nay, ne
felt confident that they would recover from their
delusions.                                                .         -
Do I (said Mr. C.) feel any apprehensions of a
dangerous increase and wide-spread Pr.eva;er!ce.
| of the spirit of abolition ?   I do not, (said he,) i
I would belie my own judgment, if I feltany serious
