1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Cuthbert.
Senate.
listnrbance on this subject. Why am I, (said
he,) insensible to these terrors? For this plain
and obvious reason, that the spirit of abolition
was not an American spirit; it was transplanted
from a foreign soil; it belonged not here,and was
a base mockery of what had passed in another
country, whose relations to their slave population
were not only not similar to ours, but stood in
absolute contrast with them. Has this spirit
(said Mr. C.) grown among ourselves ? Has it
originated on this side of the Atlantic, or has it
beeii caught by contagion from England ? It was
caught by contagion certainly, for it had nothing
proper to American growth, nothing congenial
with American feelings, and was wholly foreign
and unsuited to the genius of our people. Then
if it came across the Atlantic, if it had no kindred
feeling here, was there any feeling to apprehend
that it would ever take a firm root in our soil ?
He felt assured not. The colonies of England
where abolition took place were all governed
with as absolute a sway by the mother country
as the slaves in this country are ruled by their
masters. They had no privilege of self-govern-
ment; they had not even the privilege of inter-
posing their advice when the mother country was
about to take from them their property; their late
was absolutely determined by the will of the
mother country, and they could not even raise a
voice of their own to delay the evils which that
Government was about to inflict upon them. And
what then was the character of the white popu-
lation of the West India Islands? Had these,
people ever any fixed character? The owners of
property in the West Indies were not even, a
majority of them, residents there. A few luxu-
rious, feeble slaveholders resided in the mother
country; these were represented in the islands by
their agents; also a small number sent from Europe
to manage the business of these non-residents;
and there being no inspection of society there,
led depraved and licentious lives, destined to a
short period. The whole desire of the owners
residing in the mother country was to exact as
much as possible from their estates in the colonies
for the maintenance of their luxuries at home,
and their vast possessions in the islands were
managed by the agents solely with a view to their
selfish interests. Was this the relative condition
of the white and black population in the southern
States? And was such a state of society as he
had described to be found in them ? Why, every
gentleman's good sense revolted at the compari-
son. Our States were actual sovereignties, com-
bined together into one great Republic. Here,
then, was the difference between this country and
the British colonies. The question as to emanci-
pation was not the same with us as with them;
it was not only not similar, but in direct contra-
diction to it.
These several State governments not only ad-
ministered all their own internal concerns by their
own laws, but all the other State governments
were in no manner permitted to interfere with
them. They watched over the peculiar safety
and interests of their own citizens, and were not
to be regarded, not even to be looked at, by the
governments of their sister States. Here, then,
was a strong reason why we ought not to feel
any apprehensions of the progress of the spirit of
abolition. A state of society such as he had de-
scribed in England and her colonies existed not
here. We had a numerous, active, and spirited
population, advancing every moment in all that
belonged to morals and intelligence—a population
in which general education was an actual passion
—in which to enlighten the people was a principal
care. All that could dignify, all that could
strengthen, all that could adorn human nature,
was here found; it was native, and not of to-day,
but came to us through a series of generations.
And second to that state of society, the relations
subsisting between masters and slaves had for a
series of years been approaching to that state of
perfection which had never before been exhibited
in any slaveholding country. Could any one
suppose that a population such as this could be
disturbed by ihe ill-directed efforts of a parcel of
miserable, deluded fanatics ? No change in their
situation eould be made without actual ruin,
without actual extermination. Hence the gloomy
*nd alarming picture drawn by his friona from
South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] a picture which
owed the darkness of its colors to the strength of
his own imagination; a picture which was de-
signed from the regions of romance, and notfrom
sober reality, had no terrors for them; one glance
ata brighter prospect, and, truth owning its sway,
they were freed from the melancholy presenti-
ments but momentarily indulged.
Then what was to be thought of the folly of
those Abolitionists, who, with such a Govern-
ment as ours, with such a population, and with
such relations of society, could hope to propa-
gate their miserable delusions? What must be
thought of their wickedness, as well as their total
destitution of all the common feelings of human-
ity ? Did they not show the weakness of their
understandings, as well as the depravity of their
hearts; and who and what were they? Boys
from the cloisters of a college, ignorant of the
form and spirit of our free institutions, ami un-
acquainted with the state of society their blinded
ana ill-directed philanthropy would intermeddle
with; bigoted priests, forgetting their sacred call-
ing and the service of their God, regardless of
that holy religion whose leading principle was
peace and good will among raen, would intro-
duce discontent, discord, and even rebellion,
where there was contentment, happiness, and
peace; others, of the vain, ambitious, and rest-
less, who, conscious of the want of those moral
and intellectual powers which alone are truly
calculated to elevate the individual, seek to rise
into consequence by the aid of a popular delu-
sion. What was the leader of all these ? Who,
and what was he I Had he been marked out by
the Almighty, and gifted with those great and
powerful intellectual qualities with which Provi-
dence endows those who are to accomplish great
revolutions? He had never heard that this indi-
vidual ever possessed any such attributes. He
was not a Wilberforce, to draw with him the
feelings and opinions of a nation in favor of uni-
versal emancipation. Here (Mr. C. said) he
would observe that if Wilberforce had been an
American, he would have been an anti-Aboli-
tionist; he would never have sought to alter such
a state of society as exists in the slaveholding
States, and never would have incurred the risk
I of producing such fearful evils in a population
where there was so little that required ameliora-
tion. Was there any one who supposed that an
enlightened statesman, possessing the talents,
I the general intelligence, the enlarged and liberal
I views of society and of the principles of govern-
j ment that Wilberforce did, would cherish for a
, moment the wild and visionary schemes of these
Abolitionists ? Was there any man on that floor,
whether from the North or from the South, who
avowed himself an Abolitionist? If there was,
let him speak. There was none, then—not one.
Here was an answer to the Abolitionists. There
was not one man on that floor who avowed him-
self a follower of this pitiful mockery of English
philanthropy.
If our Government, and the connections of our
society and Government were such as he had
described them, and as every gentleman believed
them to be; if their influence was felt as he had
supposed throughout the country, (and to doubt
that they were so felt would be to doubt that ours
was a thinking and sagacious people)—if such
was the character of the American people who
had uniformly expressed their detestation of the
plans of the Abolitionists, then let him say that,
so far from being influenced by any terrors arising
from the events of the last year, his confidence
in the stability of the Union, and in the perma-
nency of our free institutions, had been strength-
ened . No man who had attentively observedtbe
progress for years of certain doctrines, but must
have come to the conclusion that strenuous and
persevering attempts would be made for the
emancipation of the African race in this country.
He believed every gentleman knew this, and the
only question was, would or would not the
American people encourage such attempts? Did
they encourage them? No. Was saying that
they discouraged them, using sufficiently strong
a term? Everywhere these attempts had been
met by the most decided opposition; everywhere
it had encountered the universal scorn and de-
testation of the community, and jbe feeling with
which this spirit of abolition had been met, had
of itself been sufficient to kindle and strengthen
the spirit of American patriotism. And was pa-
triotism a mere word to flatter the people, or to
adorn a speech with rhetorical flourishes? No.
It was a holy feeling, springing from the purest
and noblest principles of our nature, and where
government was well understood gave double force
to every social virtue.
Our people had evinced that patriotism in re-
sisting with energy and success that wide-spread
and wild spirit of fanaticism which threatened to
produce jealousies and heart-burnings in a united
and happy country; and so far from the events
of the past year having tended to weaken the
bonds of this Union, they were only calculated to
show its durability and its strength. As the
lofty pine on the mountains becomes more firmly
rooted as it is shaken by the tempest, so had the
love for this Union taken deeper roots in our
hearts. As we watch over the infant sleeping in
our arms,it comes nearer and dearer to our hearts;
so was this Union more deeply rooted in our af-
fections the more it was cherished. Yes, he felt
with his friend from Alabama (Mr. Kino) how
kindly they were treated by their northern fellow-
citizens. They did not (said Mr. C.) coldly do
their duty to us as signified by the terms of the
Constitution. With a warm affection for their
southern brethren they rushed to their aid; with
a strong and willing indignation they rebuked
the spirit of discord and mischief; and with a
generous zeal put themselves in hostile array
against those we have a right to term our ene-
mies. They had (said Mr. C.)done us full jus-
tice, and that justice was given with a promp-
titude and warmth of feeling truly consistent with
the American character.
There was one principle which had not been
recognized in the course of this discussion, and
gave him greater confidence in the strength of
our institutions. It was this: although this de-
bate had been protracted to an unusual degree,
and accompanied with all that energy which be-
longed to the American character; yet, with a
spirit of conciliation and harmony not to be found
in any other legislative body in the world, they
all concurred in the desire to accomplish one ob-
ject, differing only as to the manner of accom-
plishing it; and the result was, that, throughout
the country, there was a strong party formed in
favor of all that was good against that which was
evil, and a powerful influence was now operating
against these miserable fanatics for the safety of
our institutions. There is another additional point
of strength (said Mr. C.) in our position which
would soon become well known to the mass of
the people of the Uaited States. It was, that these
liberated blacks (should the Abolitionists succeed
in their projects) would find no spot on which
to rest a foot in this widely-expanded Union.
Would they find it in New York ? Let the events
of the last season speak. Would they find it in
friendly Philadelphia? No. The tumultuous
assemblages in that city, the well-known state of
popular feelings there, as evinced not long ago,
sufficiently showed that the black portion of its
population would never be suffered to increase.
I pronounce ^said Mr. C.) that there is a
stronger natural horror and aversion for the black
race in the North than in the South. What, then,'
would be the consequences of emancipation ? If
the northern people eould not tolerate the small
number of blacks now among them, how would
they admit the vast number that will be _ set at
large by the plan of emancipation ? And if they
would not admit them, were they to be caged up
with the people of the South for mutual massacre
and destruction ? No; the inevitable consequences
of emancipation so readily presented to the view
showed the absurdity and impossibility of the
scheme, and that it never could "gain strength
or durability among a reflecting and reasoning
He would say one word as to the two propo-
sitions before the Senate for the disposal of the
memorial; the one not to receive the memorial at
all, and the other to receive it, and then reject its
prayer. He should separate himself, in the vote
he should give with regard to the first, from
friends with whom he had acted; friends they
were  and when he spoke of the sincerity and
