144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Heirs of James Latham—Mr. May.
Ho. of Reps.
purity of their course in that body, he did not
speak vain words. He knew that they were in-
fluenced by a sincere and honest conviction that
the pressing of the first motion was not for the
public good; but his judgment differed from
theirs, and he believed it to"be his duty to sup-
port the first motion, though he held that belief
with great diffidence, because he saw the whole
force "of the reasons which gentlemen urged
against it.
Of the two propositions before the Senate, he
felt himself compelled to vote for that which was
the strongest in opposition to the memorial. He
had found no constitutional reasons for opposing
this measure, no well founded objections, under a
proper construction of the Constitution, to giving
this vote, such as his friends believed; it did not
appear to him to be violating that part of the
Constitution which secured the right of the
people peaceably to assemble, and petition for a
redress of grievances. The first step, with regard
to the right of petition, it was not pretended had
been prevented. The people had assembled
without let or hindrance, and had petitioned.
The question then was, how this vote would affect
the second part of the right of petition, and how
far the petition was for a redress of grievances.
With respect to the latter, it was not pretended
by any one that slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia was a grievance of which the petitioners
had a right to complain; and as to the first, the
petitioners had a hearing, and their petition had
been fully discussed. The member who intro-
duces a petition states the substance of it, and
any member may demand that it shall be read.
Then what was denied to the petitioner? Was
he indignantly refused a hearing? By no means.
The motion applied not to the petitioners them-
selves, but to the substance of their petition.
You make (said Mr. C.) the most prompt and
decided objection to the prayer of the petition
which the rules of the body permit, and you do
it with a due regard to the feelings of those who
presented it. You say to them no more than a
kind and indulgent parent has a right to say to his
own child, that their request is so unreasonable
that the granting of it would be productive of so
much mischief to themselves, as well as to others,
that it could not for a moment be listened to. Was
this unkind, or language unbecoming a parent
addresing his child? Your purpose (said Mr.
C.) is to warn them in the most decided terms,
that to persevere would bring ruin on themselves,
as well as produce the most fearful evils, and you
entreat them to abandon a course destructive of
the best interests of the political family, without
producing the least good to themselves or to those
for whom their sympathies were excited.
The rule (said Mr. C.) under which this mo-
tion was made was founded on the Constitution
itself; and so far from determining that you shall
receive a petition, it made the first question to de-
termine whether it shall or shall not be received.
What, then, was their duty? It is a duty (said
Mr. C.) which we owe to ourselves, to those
whom we represent, and to the petitioners, to
express what we know to be the determination
of the whole southern people on the subject, in the
most decided and most intelligible form. Should
the petitioners not know this, they might be led
into a course of perseverance productive of great
and continued excitement; and what might now
be resisted by quick and decided action, might
hereafter be more difficult to quell, and not to be
put down but by a heated and protracted debate,
shaking the very foundations of this Republic.
We tell these petitioners (said he) that the sub-
ject is one of such delicacy, that its agitation was
so dangerous, that they shall not even touch it.
Was not this the feeling of the whole Senate;
and if so, was it not their right and their duty to
tell the petitioners so, that they might at once be
induced to abandon their designs ?
The whole Senate felt confiddent that the peo-
ple of this country would not give countenance
to the projects of these Abolitionists, and there-
fore in refusing to receive the petition they would
be acting in accordance with the sentiments of
the majority. There was one delicate point in
this question which they must meet face to face.
There was a project entertained by many good
men to touch this subject as it regarded the
District of Columbia, and some gentlemen were
obliged to acknowledge it; and he told them, and
told them in good time, that to touch this subject
here was to touch it in the southern States. The
people of the South would regard such legislation
as the breach through which their invaders would
march to spread ruin, devastation, and blood over
their country. He called on gentlemen, then, to
check the spirit which would lead to woe and
disaster. I tell them (said he) to warn their
people not to approach this subject. In the sin-
gular structure of the human mind, the firmest
convictions might rest on erroneous foundations;
and it became not one situated as he was to pre-
dict with certainty that it was impossible that
the spirit of abolition should ever be prevalent in
this country. He now believed that it never
could; but as there seemed, in the estimation of
many, to be some danger of it, he warned gentle-
men of the necessity of adopting such measures
as would effectually put down this spirit while
there was yet time.
HEIRS OF JAMES LATHAM.
REMARKS OF HON. WM. L. MAY,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
February 26, 1836,
In Committee of the Whole House, on the bill
for the relief of the heirs of James Latham,
deceased.
Mr. MAY said:                   
Mr. Chairman: The opposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] to the bill now
under consideration, is by no means unexpected,
for I have yet to see the first instance in which
that gentleman has failed to exert his influence
to defeat every measure connected with a liberal
disposition of any portion of the public lands,
especially if such disposition were likely to confer
upon the people of the West the slightest benefit.
Sir, had the gentleman been only a few moments
since as solicitous to guard the Treasury, as he
now is to preserve the public lands, he would
have voted with me against the allowance of a
claim of $30,000 which has just passed the House
in the shape of a bill. But, whilst claims for
large amounts against the Government are re-
ceived and favorably considered by this House,
the just claims of the people of the West to land,
however limited in quantity and trifling in amount,
are resisted with an opposition of the most de-
termined character. Sir, I shall not trespass
longer upon the time and attention of this House
than may be necessary briefly to explain the
nature and origin of the claim upon which this
bill is predicated, and the reasons that influenced
the Committee on Private Land Claims to report
it to the House. This claim has been twice acted
upon by the committee, and on each occasion
there was no difference of opinion among them as
to the propriety of granting relief. Last year a
bill similar to the one now under consideration
was reported and passed the House, but, for the
want of time alone, failed in the Senate.
By reference to an act of Congress, passed on
the 5th day of February, 1813, it will be seen
that the right of preemption to one hundred and
sixty acres of land was, upon certain conditions,
granted to every settler upon the public lands
residing within the limits of the two land dis-
tricts established at Vincennes and Kaskaskia for
the Territory of Illinois. The register and re-
ceiver at Vincennes, when called upon to act
under this law, refused to allow the right of pre-
emption to certain persons, as not being within
the boundaries of the land district at Vincennes.
This decision was afterwards found to be erro-
neous, and Congress, to remedy the hardships
endured by the settlers, thus improperly denied
the right of preemption by the decision of the
land officers, passed a law on the 11th of May,
1820, allowing all such persons as had been thus
deprived of the benefits intended to be conferred
by act of Congress of-----, 1813,  d appear before
the register at Vincennes, and upon their making
proof that they would have been entitled to the
right of preemption under the former law, had
that law been correctly construed, and that they
had not purchased the land claimed by them
either at public sale or private entry, the register
was authorized to issue a certificate in favor of
such persons, setting forth the fact of such proof
having been made; and upon the production of
such certificate at any land office in the State of
Illinois, the original prceniptor, or his legal rep-
resentative, was entitled to enter one hundred
and sixty acres of any of the lands of the United
States lying within the limits of the State of llh-
nois, which had been surveyed prior to the 1st of
September, lc20, whether" the same had been
offered at public sale or not. Such, sir, is the
origin of what is called the Vincennes preemption
floating claims, and it was in virtue of one of
these claims that the present town of Peoria was
located by James Latham in his lifetime. For
the period of almost seven years after this tract
of land was purchased by Latham, although the
Commissioner of the General Land Office was
often urged to issue a patent in favor of the pur-
chaser, he refused to do so. This refusal on the
part of the Government to recognize the validity
of the sale of the land, was produced by the
county commissioners of Peoria county, who
made application to purchase the same land for
county purposes, under the general preemption
law of 26th of May, 1824. The land officers at
Springfield rejected the application of the commis-
sioners of Peoria county to purchase the land,
and it remained in this situation till Congress, on
the 2d March, 1833, passed an act by which the
county commissioners were authorized to enter
the land subject to the claim of Latham's heirs.
Had the Commissioner of the General Land
Office decided within a reasonable time the entry
made by Latham to have been legal or illegal,
which he was urged to do, Latham would have
acquiesced, for he then could have selected other
lands equal, or at least but little inferior, in value
to the tract of which he has been deprived. But
by reason of the great delay on the part of the
Commissioner to make any decision in the case,
Latham lost all opportunity of locating other
lands, as almost all of the public lands which
were surveyed prior to the 1st of Septem-
ber, 1820, were offered at public sale and sub--
ject to private entry before the heirs of Latham
ascertained that they would not be permitted to
hold the land acquired by them, without a law-
suit. Sir,would the passage of this bill confer
upon the heirs of Latham any greater or higher
privilege than they enjoyed at the time of the lo-
cation of the tract embracing Peoria? I under-
take to say that it would not. The bill proposes
only to give them the right to select from any of
the public lands in Illinois, which may now be
surveyed a quantity of land not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres, by paying to the Gov-
ernment the minimum price of said lands.
It is well known that there are but few town-
ships of surveyed lands now in Illinois, which
have not been offered at public sale; and in those
few most of the valuable lands have already been
taken by floats under the preemption law of 1834.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] ex-
presses his apprehensions that the present bill, if
it become a law, will enable the heirs of Latham
to locate mineral lands, salt springs, or situations
embracing water privileges. Sir, I am greatly
surprised that the gentleman, coming, as he does,
from a State in which the public lands are sit-
uated, should possess so little knowledge of the
subject upon which he has spoken. Does not
the gentleman know that all mineral lands, as
well as salt springs, are expressly reserved for
sale, and are not subject to location? But if such
were not the fact, still the passage of this bill
would not enable the heirs of Latham to obtain,
by their location, either mineral lands or salt
springs, for the mineral lands lying within the
State of Illinois, are yet unsurveyed; nor is it be-
lieved that salt water is anywhere to be found
upon any lands of the United States in Illinois,
not heretofore offered at public sale.
The gentleman has alluded to the claim of an
individual to the tract of land embracing i ort
Dearborn. Sir, the gentleman's object cannot be
mistaken. Bv referring to this claim, and tjie
value of the "land, a prejudice is sought to oe
created against the heirs of Latham. It is not
my purpose now to enter into any discussion on
