1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE lü<¡>NGR£$StO?ÍM* W>BE.
145
24th Cong...1st Sess.              Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Manning.
Ho. or Heps.
the merits of the claim to the tract of land, em-
bracing Fort Dearborn. The decision of that
question belongs to another tribunal; but I feel
constrained to repel the slanderous insinuation
made against the claimant of that tract, which has
been represented by the gentleman from Ohio to
be a poor dealer in whisky. This, sir, is not the
fact; Mr. Beaubien, although not rich enough,
perhaps, to command the respect of the gentle-
man from Ohio, is not a dealer in whisky. Had
this property fallen into the hands of some rich
speculator, perhaps the gentleman from Ohio
would havexegarded it with greater complacency.
Sir, it is painful to witness the narrow-minded,
contracted policy, on the part of some members
of this House, in relation to any liberal disposi-
tion of the public domain. The people of the
West have been again and again stigmatized on
this floor as land pirates and robbers. Sir, if the
application of these opprobrious epithets are to
be indulged in, it is not difficult to foresee the re-
sult. It must, in the nature of things, tend to
alienate the feelings and affections of the people
of the new States from those of the older mem-
bers of the.Confederacy. The people of the. West
rejoice in the prosperity of their Atlantic breth-
ren; they murmur not at the vast expenditures
of public money annually made for the protection
of their commerce, the improvement of their har-
bors, and the fortification of their sea-board; but,
while such enormous sums of the revenue of the
nation arc thus expended, they confidently expect
that their own wants will enlist the sympathies and
good feelings of their northern as well as south-
ern friends; and least of ail do they expect to
hare hurled at them, when modestly urging those
wants upon the consideration of this House,
epithets which belong quite as much to those
who use them, as to those to whom they are
applied.
Sir, the only land pirates known in Illinois
are found among the avaricious speculators who
come among us, and who, in the absence of pre-
emption laws, are enabled to purchase the im-
provements of the honest settler, without render-
ing him therefor any equivalent whatever.
Sir, the gentleman from Ohio tells us that if
Latham's heirs have acquired any right to the
land embracing the present town of Peoria, their
claim has not been impaired by the action of Con-
gress, in passing a law authorizing the entry of
the same land by the county commissioners of
Peoria county. The heirs themselves- thought
differently; at least they saw no prospect of main-
taining their rights without a long, tedious, and
vexatious law-suit, the great expense of which
they were not well qualified to support; and as
Congress, by its legislation, has left them no other
alternative than a law-suitor an abandonment of
their just rights, it would be strange, indeed, if
they would add to their injustice by refusing to
pass the present bill. The wild Jands in Illinois
are estimated far beyond their real value. It is
only when these lands are cultivated and im-
proved by what some term the squatters, that
they command more than the minimum price of
the Government. There is not an instance, within
my knowledge, where any of the public lands in
Illinois have sold for more than $1 25 per acre,
except at the sales of the public lands at Chicago
in June last, when some of those lands near that
piace sold, perhaps, as high as ten dollars per
acre; and some lands which were lying along the
line of the Illinois and Michigan canal sold,, in a
few instances, for from three to four dollar* jjter
acre. It cannot, then, be imagined that the tieirs
of Latham are likely to realize any great advant-
age from the passage of this bill.
Sir, let as now consider for a'moment the chart
acter of the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Ohio, to this bill. In that amendment he
proposes to allow the heirs of Latham to locate
their float uponany lands, whichare now subject
to private entry.' Would such an amendment
confer any privilege upon Latham*m heirs, which
they do not already enjoy, and which is not pos-
sessed by every man in the Union.? Does not
the gentleman know that it requite* bo additional
legislation to enable the heirs of Latham or any
other person, to purchase as much land" as they
have money ta pay far atprivateentry,.'_ Wheace
the  the necessity or propriety oí J?M¿¿ag A lay
No. 10
authorizing persons to do that which they may
do already? Sir, I hope the House will at least
save themselves from the imputation of folly so
gross, as that of authorizing, by the enactment of
a special law, persons to do that which they now
have the right to do without additional legisla-
tion. But, sir, the amendment offered to the bill
proposes, instead of conferring a privilege, to
deprive the heirs of Latham of a right they al-
ready possess—a right secured to them under the
act of 11th May, 1820, to which I have already
alluded—and in virtue of which they can now
locate their ckira- upon any of the lands of the
United States in Illinois, which may have been
surveyed prior to the 1st of September, 1820.
But, Mr. Chairman, I have already detained the.
House longer than I had intended, and I shall
conclude by expressing the hope that the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio may
not be adopted.
--------,--------------,--------^
SLAVERY IN THE MSTBICT OP COLUMBIA.
SPEECH OF HON. R. J. MANNING,
I                       OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
The following resolution of Mr. Pikcknet, of
South Carolina, was adopted by an overwhelming
vote in the House of Representatives of the Con-
gress of the United States, on the 8th of February,
and is as follows:
u RcsoIoeiL, That «11 the memorials which have been
offered, or may hereafter he presented to this House, praying
for the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia, and
also the resolutions offered hy an honorable member from
Mame, [Mr. Jarvis,] with the amendment thereto, pro-
posed by an honorable member from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,]
and every other paper or proposition that may he submitted
in relation to that subject, be referred to a select committee,
with instructions to report that Congress possesses no con-
stitutional authority to interfere in any way will) the insti-
tutions of slavery in any ofthe States of this Confederacy;
and that, in the opinion of this House, Congress ought not
l, to interfere in any way with slavery in the District of
Colombia, because «it would be a violation of the public
faith, unwise, impolitic, and dangerous to the Union;
assigning such reasons for these conclusions as, in the Judg-
ment ofthe committee, may be best calculated to enlighten
the public mind, to repress agitation, to allay excitement,
to sustain and preserve the just rights of the sbvebolding
States, and of the people of this District, and to reestablish
harmony and tranquillity amongst the various sections of
the Union."
At a subsequent day, abolition memorials or
petitions were presented to the House. Members
contended that, under the adopted resolution
above referred to, all petitions subsequently oft
fered were necessarily and properly referable to
this select committee raised under the resolution.
Other gentlemen contended against this conse-
quential reference, and insisted that petitions not
under the action of the House, or not presented
when the resolution was adopted, might receive
a different direction than a direct reference to the
select committee. The honorable Speaker 'de-
cided that such petitions, as were afterwards pre-
sented might properly take any other direction,
or might be opened for discussion. 'On Tuesday,
the 23d February, on the presentment of abolition
memorials or petitions, much indirect discussion
or debate was entertained hy the House. At
length a motion was made to reverse the previous
decision of the Speaker, so that necessarily, under
the resolution, all abolition memorials or peti-
tions introduced into tljf House should go to the
select committee raised under Mr. Pistcknet'  res-
olution. On'the vote of the House, the Speaker's
decision was reversed by a vote of 147 to 56.
As considerable latitude had been given to gen-
tlemen in the course of the debate which inci-
dentally arose,
Mr. MANNING, of South Carolina, made
the following remarks:
Mr. SpEiKBft:Should,the decision of the Chair,
-which has be^ii made,.remain unreversed, then
this strange.anoraaly will be forced to result from
it, that the.resolution, offered by my colleague
from. South Carolina, [Mr. Pinckket,] and
adopted by an overwhelming majority of this
House, intended to answer a definite sod special
object, will be wholly defeated; because it will
be essentially changed,.so,as to fail in answering
the most important purppses foj which it wa*
originated, J ana on acep,unt-ot wjuch it to
supported, pjjitj #«$ .;' ?m aty*?** mMv
important as we believe them to be, intended to
be accomplished by its adoption, will, after the
mature and deliberate action of this branch of
Congress, be wholly lost sight of, or be com-
pletely changed. I trust that no skill, however
adroitly or powerfully used, will ever so far suc-
ceed as to prevent the full action of this reso-
lution from effectuating those important final
results, which the originator and friends of it
do most ardently anticipate, and which we did,
and do still hope in the God of our country, will
result from the course of action and feeling
directed by this House under it, and that the
exponent of each of these will be such as to
gladden the hearts of patriots and soothe arising
irritation, by restoring harmony and renewing
confidence in every portion of our common coun-
try. I regard this resolution now as a guide or
settled rule of action for this House, as much
so as any other which Congress is competent to
establish, or as any which can be made binding
upon it under its legitimate functional action; as
binding as any parliamentary laws can be, sanc-
tioned as they may be by the wisdom and con-
secrated by the usages of the Congress of the
United States. If the Speaker can by his decis-
ion reverse this resolution, which expresses and
means " that all the memorials which have been
* offered, or may hereafter be presented to this
' House, praying for the abolition of slavery in
' the District of Columbia, be referred to a select
' committee," &c, so as to mean no more than
that all petitions or memorials which had been
received at the time of the adoption of the reso-
lution, shall be referred to the select committee
raised under them, and that, therefore, all of a
like character subsequently introduced could be
allowed to take any other direction; then the
whole character,.scape, and extent of it, will be
so limited or modified as to countervail the full,
specified, and declared objects of it. If this be
true, then he has power to suspend, alter, or
change, any deliberate act of this House, in-
tended as a rule for its governance.
I know full well the responsibility and delicacy
ofthe Speaker's situation. I feel and acknowl-
edge how important it is to the orderly manage-
ment and proper deliberation of this body,that
he should be sustained by all parties in his gen-
eral efforts to presesve. proper decorum. • I would
do all in my power, generally, to, sustain the
Speaker; but, in this instance, I feel a paramount
duty -to myself and to, my country, to urge upon
this House a reversal of his decision. I trust that
it will be reversed; that the legitimate and salu-
tary results contemplated by the supporters of the
resolution may be readied. 1 wish that thia
course had been instantly pursued at the very
first moment when indications were given that
the long established usages of Congress, in dis-
posing of these memorials ami petition , the usage
of both branches of Congress, from the first com-
mencement of the Government, was to be de-
parted from. The practice heretofore has been,
to lay all these classes of papers; on the table.
This has been the practice not only of this House,
but of the Senate also. There they were laid—
there they have remained—to sleep that sleep of
oblivion which, they so justly merit, On some
occasions, such petitions were referred to the
Committee op the District of Columbia, from
whose safe-keeping they never escqpei tq see the
light of da$, qt to. accomplish that, magnitude of
e vil which théy wejre calculated to produce through
the agency of wicked or thoughtless citizens who
originated them, or sent them here. It has been
painful to many.and indeed to mostof this House,
{hat we have beea carried away frpm that prac-
tice of bothHousesof Congress in th* disposition
of anti-slavery memprials and petitions, which,
heretofore, has been found so safe and politic.
We were <jriv«n reluctantly to pursuesome mode
by which Ve hoped to arrest that tendency of
things here, which we deeply feared .might lead
to incalculable evils, and to dangerous results.
W§ hop«J by this resolotio  to «toy debate,
to prevent! discussion., to keep idown irritating,
heartburning invectives, and.*e> unite Congress
braatroBgeíXpr^ltiKiifiM feelings and opin-
ions, both a  regards *be States, as well as the
District of Cplumbia; so as to remove doubts,
give r«B«wed sector, «*d unite us once more u 
