1836.J
AFPEBfDIX "TO THE ^CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.     Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. King, of Georgia.
Seitiíte.
debate arose, and began to take a warm and in-
flammatory character, and to assume such an as-
pect as to make it proper at once to dispose of this
irritating subject. Mr. Madison, then a member
of Congress, moved to refer it to a select commit-
tee. This was done. The report was made; this
satisfied Congress and the country. Within a
few years, petitions or memorials of a similar
kind, were referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia. A strong report was made by
Mr. Doddrige, of Virginia, which was acceptable
to Congress, and which satisfied the country.
Sir, excited gentlemen at the South are surely
not aware of the extent and character of the in-
jury they are doing to our interests by discus-
sions on the memorials and petitions which are
sent here by unreflecting or wicked Abolitionists.
Is it not bad policy to bring either their news-
papers, their books, oV their false pictures, into
public notoriety? Is this not accomplishing one
of the objects which they most ardently desire?
The tendency of this course of action on the
one side, and of the counteraction on the other,
is, I contend, to throw the elements of civilized
society into dangerous commotion. The truth
of this is deeply impressed upon my convictions;
«ad I feel that something ought, and must be
done, to arrest the tendencies which are rapidly
-developing themselves.
How different was everything in relation to
this subject during the last session of Congress
to what it has been during the present session. I
was gratified then, aa a southern man, and as an
American citizen, to observe the direction giren
to such anti-slavery memorials as were pre-
sented. As they were offered then, they were
successively laid on the Cable, and were never
-again called up. This was in conformity with
the common usage, and, with the few exceptions
-stated, has been the invariable practice of Con-
gress from the origin of this Government to this
time. Not a word during the whole session was
spoken, to the best of tny recollection, on aboli-
tion, either on the floor of Congress or else-
where.
1 deplore it as a deep misfortune, that the com-
mon practice of the Congress of the United States
has been abandoned; that the course of southern
presses and southern policy has been abandoned;
that the order of the business and the time of this
House have been, to a considerable extent, occu-
pied with the discussion of these miserably-dis-
turbing petitions and memorials.
From my earliest recollections, from my child-
hood up to this time, it has ever been the settled
and fixed policy of the southern people, never to
, write, to speak, or to print anything on this all-
absorbing question. Consult the old men of this
day—look over your public legislative journals—
look over the columns of the newspapers in the
southern States, and you will find nothing to dis-
"prove what I have here asserted. Sir, I am not
mistaken; this has been the settled policy of the
Sooth, and wherefore depart from it ?
The slave property of the «laveholdirig States
has been, and is so surrounded and guarded by
the sanctions of prescriptive right, by long lines
of inheritances, by-the approbation of eivilized
men at that period, and since its first institution
by the joint Vmrchase with the united capital of
northern and southern men of this kind of prop-
erty; by the sanctions of laws, compacts, and
Constitution; by the approval of a purely vir-
tuous and'enlightened clergy; and, more than
all, by the arrangements under the plans of Di-
vine Providence, that no question or doubt could
ever be entertained by us. Our policy has been,
and still is, never to discuss, never to entertain
discussions. And if the counties  guards, which
we believe are sufficiently strong to protect and
to secure our rights, should fail us, we should
then be compelled to employ all those means of
self-defense and protection, which the providence
of God has placed amply within our reach.
What I have said ia not the opinion of yeoter-
day. It is one which was publicly expressed,
and which was, I presume, publicly recorded,
in 1826.       ,
One objection urged against the resolution un-
der consideration is, that it is improper to reaf-
firm that Congress has no power to interfere with
■lavery in the States.   How can it reiteration of
a self-evident proposition impair or weaken its
force? Can the repetition, for ten millions of
times, that two and two make four, impair this
self-evident truth? Or the reiteration of the truth,
that the whole is greater than a part, weaken one
jot or tittle the certainty of this postulate ? Or
can the fundamental truth, that Congress has no
power to interfere with slavery in the States, add
or take from the certainty of this truth ? It can-
not. The mover of this resolution believes, with
many who have voted for and supported it, that
Congress has no competent power to interfere
with the existence of Blavery in the Discriot of
Columbia. I have already declared that this is
my own belief; but, sir, all the friends of south-
ern rights do not believe as we do, but entertain a
difference of opinion on an abstract legalquestion,
with regard to the powers of Congress over the
District of Columbia. Those gentlemen who
differ from us on this point are as staunch and
abiding—'nay, as devoted friends of our institu-
tions as the purest and loftiest patriots to be
found on earth. Was it politic or expedient,
under these circumstances, to assume a ground
on which, for practical results, the advocates and
friends of southern rights and southern security
under the compromises of the Constitution were
unavoidably to be separated? Was it right to
bring on a forced and unnatural action of Con-
gress on the constitutional question, when it was
to result in aa impolitic division and separation
of our friends? Was it politic that a weak vote
should go forth, making it appear to the world
that the great majority of Congress were against
the rights and interests of the South? This
would have given a false and unnatural presenta-
tion of the true feeling of Congress to the people
of the United States. It would have produced
distrust, created unkind feelings, and would ulti-
mately have had an evil bearing on the safety and
happiness of this country.
I approve the resolution offered by my col-
league [Mr. Pimcenet] most cordially. I say to
him, to this House, and to my country, that I
believe his motives are pure, and honest, and
disinterested; and that his conduct on this occa-
sion is worthy of that name which he bears, and
which, connected as it is with the history Of this
country, is dear, and ever will be so, to the
American people.
Sir, if this resolution fails to effectuate its
legitimate and laudable objects, it will be because
the opportunity afforded for quieting the country,
and for obtaining for all useful results a- strong
and decided declaration from Congress, shall be
unwisely defeated. It will be defeated bycreating,
under unjust excitement, and -from bitter invec-
tives against our northern friends, counteractions
to the efforts which they have been, and are still
making, to rebuke and prostrate the wild and
unhallowed efforts of those wicked men, who are
acting without a just regard to the rights and
interests of the South, or without foreseeing the
throes and convulsions which must inevitably
result from their course of action, should it not
be arrested.
If these reckless agitators continue their course,
and northern integrity and northern patriotism
should not pat them down, these melancholy re-
alities will be the result. They will convulse this
Republic to its center, and lay bare its massy
foundations. Instead of conferring benefits upon
the black race, whose exclusive champions they
profess to be, they will stay, and perhaps for-
ever, those meliorating causes" which have been
gradually exercising their influences for the last
thirty years upon the condition of the slave pop-
ulation of this country, and will consign it to a
necessary and inevitable condition of greater se-
verity. Yes, sir, they may produce that deplor-
able condition by which their utter destruction
may be necessary to secure the safety of this
country. Was it ever yet known in the history
of mankind that two distinct colors could coexist
on terms of equal, civil, and political liberty?
Sooner than this shall everbe realized, the on  or
die other will be exterminated.
When the Abolitionists, in their Quixotic no-
tions of general emancipation, press forward t6
their objects against the arrangements and the
established order of things, under the plans of
Divine Providence, they censure the wisdom and
virtue of our common ancestors, condemn the
usages of the patriarchal ages, disregard the sanc-
tions of the Bible, and arraign the justice and
wisdom of God.
I feel assured that the virtuous, the considerate,
the lovers of order, the supporters of the Union,
and of life, liberty, and property, have made up
a cool and deliberate judgment; that northern
people have nothing to do with the institution of
slavery in the South; that to attempt to interfere
Will eventuate in remediless injury to the black
and to the white population, and that the end may
be to destroy that beautiful fabric of government
which has, for fifty years, given unrivaled hap-
piness and prosperity to this country, and which
has produced by successive actions the happiest
changes on every Government in Christendom.
I have predicated my opinions and declarations
with regard to northern faith and northern pat-
riotism in reference to slavery in the slaveholding
States upon my earliest convictions with regard
to that enlightened and admirable portion of our
common country; upon those historical recol-
lections, which made us one people; upon the
declarations of gentlemen from every portion of
the -country, possessed of all the means necessary
to enable them to give just views of feeling and
of public sentiment; upon the declarations of the
people in their primary meetings, contained in
their deliberate resolves; upon the addresses and
avowals of many of the best and wisest men of
the North; upon executive messages to different
State Legislatures in the northern sections of the
Union; and upon the unequivocal declarations
and assurances of the great body of both branches
of Congress. These are the grounds upon which
I predicate my belief, that with the exception of
the mere Abolitionists, northern feeling and sen-
timent are perfeotly safe, and that the moral and
intellectual forces of the country will prevail—
if southern folly and excitement do not prevent
it—in prostrating northern folly and fanaticism.
Under these circumstances, and with these
convictions, I call on the Congress of the United
States, under deep and solemn feelings, to regard
this question, which is most injuriously affecting
the people of this country, and to unite, by some
decisive act, to quiet and arrest the course which
things are taking; for, if this'agitating subject is
not settled, and excitement' and agitation shall be
allowed here, then you'wlll meet in this Capitol,
-sir, some one or two yea-!* 'hence, under such
circumstances of feeling and of deep dissatisfac-
tion as will endanger the safety and duration of
this Union. I 'call upon members from every
section of this great and powerful Confederation,
under a just and proper sense of duty to the Re-
public,, to compromise differing opinions, and to
give confidence and security to every section of
this blessed and happy country. This Govern-
ment was bom under a lofty and enlightened
spirit of compromise;1 and it cannot exist one
year without it. Moderation,' justice, and for-
bearance, are necessary and cardinal virtues in
carrying on the great'plans of self-government,
first conceived and executed by the- conscript
fathers of this country. All will be elemental
war, unless wisdom, rather than passion, shall
preside over the councils of the nation, in the
management of the multifarious interests aad
endless concerns of this extensive ftn4 mighty
country.             - - ,' " -    ¿n -  ,' ;'.' *,  '
SLAVES* IN THE DISTRICT Of COLUMBIA.
speech: op Hon! John p. king,
OF GEORGIA,
In the Senate, February 29  1836,
On the Memorial of the Society of Friends, of Lancaster
County, Pennsylvania, pwteg ferine Abolition of Sla-
very to the District of Columbia.
Mr KING said, as the Senator who h*d just
taken his Seat seemed, wfch <*&«" ** &*t"°me:
whatmiSttUdferstood the tropojt £* «£« had
¿aid tm a former day, htwotíl* «te, befbr* the
Question was finally take , «ft oorreerthat misun-
derstanding, and add * few remarks i« answer
to the Senator from Mississippi.    He wasver y
anxious that the difference between himself and
his southern frauds should be well understood;
