1896.)
APPENDIX TO THE «QN&HESSIONMj GL0BEC
149
24t« Cono—.1st Sess.       Slavery in tkt District of C9ltmb%a~-]%r, King, of Georgia.
■ S&lS&Tfe.
osition so extraordinary could otily claim atten- |
«on from its respectable paternity; certainly not i
as a fair subject of argument or discussion.
Mr. K. said it was perfectly clear that the
people of the United States intended to secure a
free intercourse between the people and their
Government, and especially to place beyond
dmibt the right of petition.
That Congress would be troubled with many
petitions it could not grant, and would occasion-
ally have submitted to it propositions foolish and
extravagant, was a foreseen incident of the right, ,
and one that could not be avoided without as- ,
summg the power to deny the right altogether. '
The fact of sending a petition here for any pur- |
pose, proved that the petitioner believed that he
bad a right to ask it, and that Congress had a
right to grant it     We had only to receive the
petiuon, look into it, decide on the right to relief,
and act accordingly.    Na man ever waa con-
vinced of his error by refusing to hear him.
But, in the second place, (said Mr. K.,) if we,
by the aid of our prejudices, should be able to
convince ourselves that this motion may be sus-
tained without a violation of the Constitution, is
H expedient to press it, when it is apparent that
we would never be able to convince anybody
else? It gave no promise of good, in the most
favorable view of it, and in all other views
threatened a great deal of mischief. All these
extra and unnecessary issues, attacking popular
and genera! rights, to secure particular rights,
threw newandadditional weight uponour friends,
the reasoning and patriotic citizens of the North,
who were using their influence in the way they
thought most efficient to put down the misguided
enthusiasm of the Abolitionists; the evidences of
every day, as weH as our general reflections,
should satisfy us of this. An unpopular cause,
«ras always strengthened by union with a pop-
ular one. The abolition of slavery, as prayed
by the memorialists, was unpopular, and we ,
wished it to be more so. It had not, he believed, '
a single advocate in the Senate. There might be
an exception or two, but he did not believe it.
Oa the other hand, the right of petiuon we know
I  be a very popular right. It always had been
to, sod no considerable portion of the people in
My part of ttw Union would allow it to be ques-
tioned, and if, in the red beat of excitement, we
weld these two propositions together, the unpop-
ularity of the one will be lost in the popularity of
tneother, and men will thus be brought into a
union of action, who are at present as widely
teparatud in thought and purpose as the poles
ire asunder.
Man (he said) was a social and a sympathetic
being. He was always pleased and flattered by
a coincidence of opinion; and agreeing in one
measure of primary importance, men arc more
i eadily prepared for agreement in everything else.
<>n the other hand, if they believe others extrav-
agantly wrong upon one fundamental principle,
(bey easily believe them wrong in their opinions
«ipon every other; and not aereeing in that, they
will agree in nothing. Without referring with
say disrespect to a doctrine in which lie did not
tgree, be could cite his southern friends to the
i «.organization of parties at the South on the doc-
trine of nullification, as a practical illustration of
(lie truth of tins position. Thousands of intelli-
gent men, who in polities formerly agreed in
everything, new agreed in nothing, because they
did not agree upon the doctrine of nullification;
and on the other hand, thousands who formerly
agreed in nothing, now agree in everything, be-
cause they do agree in that doctrine. The his-
tory of parties would prove the same results in
similar cases in all time past, and the same results
would follow similar causes in all time to come,
until the nature and constitution of man should
be essentially changed.
What, then, (inquired Mr. K„)could b* gained
by uniting these questions ? Nothi ng; but a great
deal lost in elevating abolition by its union with
the popular right of petiuon. Being entirely pros-
trate in many parts of the North, and he hoped
weak everywhere upon the true question they
have been pressing, they wish new ground to
stand on, they wish something that they may
carry Upon their ¡election grounds, and use to the
prejudice of the southern people.   We already
saw (he said) the us« they were making of our
pretensions, and the manner in which we had
pressed them. By such motions, we gave them
the advantage of insisting that whilst we demanded
our own rights, we had no respect for the rights
of others; that claiming rights under the Consti-
tution, we show no regard whatevei to the Con-
stitution ourselves. He had been among the peo-
ple of the North during the past summer, and
met with not a single man with whose sentiments
he was dissatisfied. The great mass of the intelli-
gent and patriotic were, so far as his observation
extended, perfectly sound on the subject. All
they seemed to dread was the imprudence and
violence of the South, in the extravagance of
their demands and the multiplication of false is-
sues. They seemed to have full confidence that
they would be able to put down the agitators, if
they could only be permitted to do it in their own
way, and be relieved from demands which could
not be legally gratified, and angry denunciations
not deserved. He was also gratified to notice
that great allowances were made for the natural
excitement of their couthern brethren upon thjs
delicate and irritating sub|ect He hoped this
indulgence would continue; but he really feared
that, unless his southern fuends were more pru-
dent and more just towards those who had been
using every means in their power to put down
agitation—those who had espoused the cause of
the South in every form—the apparent injustice
would ultimately prove beyond all human endur-
ance; and those (said Mr. K ) of all political par-
ties at the North who are now anil have been
our open, avowed, and active fuends, if they do
not become enemies, must become indifferent to
our rights and to us. We could not complain of
those as enemies whom we rejected as friends.
An error of tins kind had just been repeated
by the Senator from Mississippi.    But for this
repetition he should not, pel haps, have noticed
a mistake of a similar nature made a few days
since by his friend from Carolina.    What were
these mistakes, and what were the consequences
: they would naturally lead to'   He said it was
i known that there was a talented, patriotic, and
highly influential member of the other House
' from New Hampshire [Mr. Pierce] to whose
diligence and determined efforts he had heard
attributed, in a great degree, the present pros-
trate condition of the Abolitionists in that State.
He had been the open and active friend of the
South fiom the beginning, and had encountered
the hostility of the Abolitionists in every form.
He had made a statement of the strength and
prospects of the Abolitionists m Ins State, near
the commencement of the session, that was very
gratifying to the people of the South.    These
statements were corroborated by one of the Sen-
atois from that State a few days after; and the
Senator from Carolina rose, and without due re-
flection, he was very sure, drew from his pocket
a duty sheet—an a&oZifion papei—containing a
scuinllous article against the member fiom New
Hampshire, which pionounced him an imposter
and a liar.   Tk  same thing, in effect, had just
been lepeattd by the Senator fiom  Mississippi
agunst one of the best fuends of the South—
Governor Marcy, of New York.     [Here Mr.
Calhouv rose to explain, and said he had in-
tended, by the introduction of the paper, no dis-
respect to the member from New Hampslme.
| Mr  Blace d'so lose to say he only vmhecl to
show the course the Abolitionisms viere pursuing,
and their future Tiews }   Mr   K. said he had
been interrupted by the Senators, but corrected
by neither of them.    He was not attacking their
motives, but only exposing their mistakes.  The
article  read  by his friend from Carolina was
abusive of the member from New Hampshire,
and contradicted his statements.    The article
read   by  his  friend   from  Mississippi  against
Governor Marcy was of a similar character.    It
abused, menaced, and contradicted him.   These
abusive productions would seem to be credited
and adopted by those who used them as evi-
dence, and incorpoiated them in their speeches.
Here, then, was a contest in the North between
the most open and avowed friends of the South
and the Abolitionists; and we had the strange
exhibition of southern gentlemen apparently es-
pousing the cause of the latter, who were con-
tinually furnishing them evidence with which nii
aid them in the contest. Did gentlemen call this
backing their friends' What encouragement did
such ticatment afford to our fuends at the North
to step forth ip our behalf
[Here Mr. K. good-humoredly remarked to his
friends from Carolina and Mississippi, that they
seemed greatly m favor with the Abolitionists here
lately—that they did not honor him with any of
their papers.]
He objected to the papers as any evidence to
any fact, and especially objected that they should
be used 61/ louihem men against the friends of the
South. He would not even carry one of the vile
vehicles of falsehood in his pocket. The whole
system upon which these publications were con-
ducted seems to be one of pure fiction, falsehood,
and fraud. They could not be relied on for the
establishment of any fact whatever-, and this waa
one of the strongest evidences, to his mind, against
the good intentions of the intelligent leaders of
the abolition societies. There were doubtless
good men among them, who, without a sufficient
knowledge of the subject, had been too easily
imposed upon, but that the master spirits of tha
mischief, who well understood the system upon
which they acted, could be actuated by benevo-r
lent motives, was very improbable.
As these abolition papers were introduced a*
evidence, he would ask his friend fiom Carolina
one single question, and that was, whether among
the bushels of this trash with which the Abolition-
ists seemed to furnish him, he had ever seen on*
single narrative of facts m relation to slaveiy at,
the South, that he did not, as a southern man,
and acquainted with the subject, cither know to 6a
false, or believe to be so 1 He did not know what
would be the Senator's answer to this; but, for
himself, he would say, under the sanction of an.
oath if required, that in all the abolition publica-
tions that he had ever read he had never seen a,
single statement of importance in relation to tha
subject, that he did not, either of his own knowl-
edge as a southern man, know to be destitute of
truth, or fiom the incredible nature of the story
believe to be so. One of these stories occurred
to him which might be selected as a fair specimen
of the whole, and he selected it only because the
alleged facts were confined to this city; and gen-
tlemen who were anxious to sustain the credit of
these papers could, if they chose, investigate the
facts stated. He referred to the history of Miss
Mary Brown, (he believed that was the name,)
whose history was given in one of the anti-slavery
periodicals during the last summer. Miss Mary,
it seemed, was a very pious young lady, born of
fiee parents in the city of Washington, and raised
in the same place to years of maturity. She waa
walking in the public streets, about noonday, a
ft.w yeais since, (as she certainly had a right to
do if she were free,) and was met by a kidnapper
of no less responsibility than theMaistial of the
District, who seized her, and earned her to an
auction then going on upon Pennsylvania avenue,
where she was sold to a Mississippi trader, to the
highest biddei, for perhaps >350. Now, sir, you
pei haps suppose that, being kidnapped and sold
in the city where she was born and raised, she
was immediately sent off to prevent some procesa
in her behalf; but not at all, sir. She was lodged
in (he jail of the Distnct, and there remained for
thirty or forty days before she was marched, un-
der frightful suffering, to the State of Mississippi.
After much affliction, and some adventures there
which I will not detail, she makes her way to
Cincinnati, where she furnishes the materials for
her biography, of which.no doubt, tens of thou-
sands of copies have been published and circu-
lated by these pious societies lo enitg t«  the
Christian woild on the subject of slavery in the
Disti ict of Columbia and the slaveholdmg States.
Their system seemed to be one of unmixed in-
vention. They drew on the imagination exclu-
sively for facts. Did gentlemen ever see a truth
in one of these papers in relation to themselves f
If not, why use them as evidence against their
northern fuends?
A great deal has been stated in one form or
other, and in one quarter or other, as to the num-
bers and increase ot these disturbers of the peace;
and he did not undertake to say what was the
fact.   He learned, and thought tt probable that
