152
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 8,
24th Cong. ..1st Sess.
Additional Paymasters—Mr. French.
Ho. of Reps.
When they shall hereafter ask that a pirt of those I
bonds shall be canceled, the inquiry will be ne-
cessnry. whether they hive not aheiely íecem d
sufficient, over and abovt all losses, to meet their
chim. and this will involve an account of th< ir
actuil losses; an account which 1 cannot think
the Government at any time, and especially at a
futuie time, will undi rtake to takt Suppose
the amount of the bonds to be $50,000, on this
the twentv-four per centum granted by this bill,
is.....:............................$12,000
And the amount of actual loss by fire,
and that too of goods in the original
package, to be......................    2,000
The net gain conferred by this bill is.... $10,000
The importer asks to have this bond of $1,000
canceled, on the ground that it was given for the
duties on the goods destroyed     If this be done,
rou add the amount to his former giin, $1,000
f this bill passes, I think it will be the only re-
lief the sufferers will ever obtain. If they, how-
ever, are content, I have no reason to complain
The friends of the bill, with all those conse-
quences before them, must take the responsibility
of passing the bill or the substitute
ADDITIONAL PAYMASTERS.
REMARKS OF HON. R. FRENCH,
OF KENTUCKY,                              I
In the House of Representatives,
JVaicMO, 1836.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the bill,
with the amendments of the Senate entitled "An act for
the payment of volunteers and militia corps in the service
of the United States"—
Mr. FRENCH did not profess to know much
about the Army regulations, or the various duties
required of the different officers of the Army. He
had, however, attended to the discussion upon
the amendment from the Senate now under con-
sideration, with the view of collecting the facts
upon which the three additional paymasters to
the Army are proposed to be added to the num-
ber now existing, and of making the facts dis-
closed his guide in voting.
He found several important facts, satisfactorily
established, stiongly recommending to his mind
the proposed amendment.    We have the judg-
ment of the Senate in its favor, and that is entitled
to respect     In 1821 Congress reduced the num-
ber of paymasters to fourteen, and when that
reduction was made it was contemplated that the
duties of the paymasters would extend to the
regular Army alone; and it is fair to presume
those duties lequired the number then retained.
Since that reduction was made, Congress has by
law made it the duty of paymasters, whenevei
and whetever the militia shall be called into the '
public service, to pay them as well as the regulars
This inci ease of duties requires of the paymasters
more than was contemplated when their number
was reduced.    Your Military Committee made a
report about two ycais ago, lecommLnding an
increase  of paymastcis  to  Congress.    In  that
report we are informed tint the Army has been
mcieased seven bundled, the numbei of militaiv
posts greatly multiplied and extended, that half
a million ot dolíais had accumulated upon the
paymasters to bedibtnbutedand paid to the Army
of the United States,  that the Army has to be
paid quarterly, and that the fourteen paymasters
could not, owing to the increased burden of duties
laid upon them, and the dispersed condition of
the military posts, pay off the Army at the times
and in the manner required by law     Such, also,
is the opinion of the Secretaiy of War, as dis-
closed in that report.
Your Military Committee, of which my hon-
orable colleague [Mr. R. M. Johnson] is chair-
man, had this bill, with the amendments of the
Senate, under advisement, and recommended to
the House a concurrence in those amendments-
Yet, notwithstanding these facts, honorable mem.
bers say there is no necessity to increase the
number of paymasters For one, he (Mr. F.)
must be allowed to differ with those gentlemen.
Our sea-coast, and our borders, northwestern and
southwestern borders, are almost mteiminable.
The duties of the paymasters extend now to the
militia in service, as well as to the íejulai army
A bloody wans raging in Florida. The citizens
of that Territory art threatened with Indian mas-
sacre Many of them have aheady fallen vic-
tims to savage barbaiity. Many of out gallant
men have repaired to the scene of action, to
avenge the blood that has been shed, nnd to put
an end to the war, by punishing the sivage tor
his cruelty and lawless devastations. These sol-
diers must be ft d, clothed, and paid, and this very
war had greatly added to the duties of your pay-
master
Mi F asked the House how it was with them-
selves. Membeis of Congress had a law by
which they could, if they chose, diaw their ei^ht
dollars every day. With that per diem pay,
honoiable members can en)oy themselves in this
city, according to their own good will and pleas-
uie. But the soldier, who is sepaiated from
home, compelled to undergo the fatigues nnd
hardships of the tented field, dependant upon his
Government for subsistence and pay, can only
draw his pay quarterly, and could anything be
more just than that he should receive it whenever,
by the laws of his country, it fell due '
Mr. F. maintained that the character of the
Government required punctuality of payment,
even to the soldiers. The justice of the Govern-
ment required it, the public service required it;
the laws required it; and the soldier required it;
the subsistence of the Army required it; and a
just responsibility upon the disbursing officers
lequired it.
He considered the increase proposed necessary
to the efficiency of that protection which all our
military posts were intended to give to our coast,
and our exposed and widely dispersed frontiers.
He maintained that no part of the nation was
more interested in that protection than our north-
western and southwestem frontiers He there-
fore should vote for the amendment of the Senate,
and believed, if no Indian war existed, that the
increase proposed was necessary for our perma-
nent peace establishment.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF OHIO.
REMARKS OF HON. T. MORRIS,
OF OHIO,
In the Senate, March 10, 1836.
The bill to establish the Northern Boundary of Ohio being
under consideration, as in Committee of the Whole, Mr
Morris moved to amend the bill so as to conform to the
views he had embodied in his joint resolution on the  ub
jeet
Mr MORRIS said: In offering the amendment
to tne bill under consideration, I fear that, at the
first view, it may seem to some Senatois that I
am seeking to make a distinction wheie no real
difference exists, and that the amendment is un-
called for, and unnecessaiy to a conect decision
of the question before us     I trust, howevei, that
the Senate will carefully examine this amend-
ment, and that they will cheerfully adopt it, if it
is believed to contain matter essentially light, or
if they shall be of opinion that by so doing moie
general satisfiction will result from theirdecision,
be that decision what it may.    It is, I believe, a
maxim that will hold universally good, that even
justice, to be well received, must be well under-
stood     And I believe that it is essentially neces-
sary in this case, and that the people of Ohio
would be much better satisfied to understand the
Ennciples upon which their claim to thenoithein
oundary of the State is determined, whether
that determination befar or against them. I must,
therefore, ask the indulgence of the Senate foi a
few moments, in which I shall endeavor to show
the nature of the claim as advanced by Ohio, and
the right and justice of that claim, and the neces-
sity theie is that we should understand distinctly
the principles on which that claim is detei mined
I feel that we appeal before Congress on this
subject in rather an embanassed situation. We
came to ask here what no State, I presume, has
heretofore asked; we came as suitors to Con-
gress, after our full admission into the Union as
a sovereign State, for a recognition or assent of
Congress to the provisions of our own constitu-
tion. And we came here as if Congiess had the
power to render that valid, or alter its provisions,
which can íecoive no validity or alteration but
fiom tht hands of the citizens of the State On
this question, however, lot it be undeistood that
I speak for mysdf, and I should not probably
hive spoken at all, did I not believe that theie
existed amongst us hcie—I mean the Ohio dele-
gation in Congiess—a difference of opinion as to
the natuieofoui claim,and the manner in which
the power of Congiess should be exercised over
it Let it be constantly boine in mind that
Ohio, on this question, comes before Congress
as a soveifcign ¡state, that she is not solicit7n<* a
favor, but demanding a light, that she claims'to
have the clear giant of the temtoiyin dispute
between hei and Michigan, and appeals to Con-
giess to withdraw the incumbrance tbey have
cast over her title
It will not be necessary for me, in the investi-
gation of this subject, as I undeistand it, to look
beyond the ordinance of the 13th of July, 17b7.
Congress, by virtue of that ordinance, acquued
luusdiction over the northwestern territory.
The nature of that jurisdiction, where it arose,
or how it came into existence, have been so often
repeated here, that it has become a beaten path,
and well understood. It is sufficient for us to
know that it existed, how it has been exercised,
and if it has in any of its parts ceased to exist;
and if the power of Congiess under it has been
spent, and can no longer be exercised, in what
manner, and in what particulars, that has taken
place.
It will be recollected in that ordinance there are
a number of articles which are to be considered
articles of compact between the original States
and the people and States in the afoiesaid Terri-
tory, and aie to remain forever unalterable, un-
less by common consent. It would be well that,
in the first place, we determine for ourselves what
construction we ought to give to the words com-
i mon consent, as contained and used in the ordi-
nance, and to whom those words apply, and by
whom this common consent can be given; for,
it seems to me that, oh a correct understanding
of this part of the oidinance, and a proper appli-
cation of these words as used, depends, in a great
degree, if not altogether, a proper construction
of the ai tictes which follow. These articles of
compact are declared to be between the original
States of the one part, and the people and States
in the Northwestern Territory of the other part,
i I am of opinion that the woids, " the people and
States," as used in the oidinance, are used as
terms of equal import, the people, before the
formation of the States, possessing the same
I powei to give this common consent as the States
could possibly have in then sovereign capacity.
This common consent, then, I contend, is the
consent of the people within the territory, befoie
the foimation of any State therein, or the con-
sent of any State when formed, together with that
of Congress, each State acting independently for
itself, is the only consent required for the alter-
ation of any of these six fundamental articles
contained in the ordinance of 1787. Such, 1 be-
lieve, has been, and still is, the opinion of all par-
ties and conditions of men inhabiting any part
of the Northwestern Territory, and in support
of this opinion I beg leave to call the attention
of the Senate to an act of the Territorial Legisla-
ture, befoie the foimation of any State noithwest
of the river Ohio, passed with a view of changing
the boundaries of the three southern States as
described in the ordinance, and declaring the as-
sent of the people there inhabiting said territory,
and asking the consent of Congress to the pro-
visions of that act. No one at that time or since,
to my knowledge, has, for a moment, doubted
that, if the consent of Congress had been thus
obtained, the change would have taken place ac-
cordingly.
In illustration of this position, which I assume
as correct, permit me to state a case in which it
will appear in a moie striking light. Suppose
that Ohio, in the formation of her constitution,
had provided that slavery, absolute and uncon-
ditional, should be allowed within the State, and
had organized her government under constitution;
I had sent her members to Congress, and they had
