1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t§*
24th Cono....1st Sess.
Northern Boundary of Ohio—Mr. Morris.
Senate.
been permitted to take seats in that body without
objection; I ask, could any man doubt that Ohio,
in such case, would have been a slaveholding
Slate? But such a provision would not have
extended slavery a single step beyond her own
limits. To my mind, then, it is clear that the
common consent required by the ordinance ne-
cessary to a change of any of the six articles
appended thereto, is confined exclusively to any
portion of people who are entitled to State gov-
ernment, or the consent of any State, when
formed, together with that of Congress; and
when consent is thus given, the change rightfully
takes place, and needs not the approbation of any
other State or sovereignty whatever.
I am warranted and sustained in this opinion
by the act of Congress in the admission of both
Indiana and Illinois into the Union. The act to
enable the people of Indiana Territory to form a
constitution and State government, comes in di-
rect contact with the preceding act of Congress,
establishing the Michigan Territory; and takes
from that Territory a large tract of country lying
north of a due east and west line drawn through
the southerly extreme of Lake Michigan. And
the act proposed to the people of Indiana that,
if they assented thereto, the line as described in
the ordinance of 1787 should be thus changed.
The convention of Indiana alone, without the
consent or concurrence of the people of Mich-
igan, or any other people or State, accepted of
this territory as a part of her jurisdiction; and
thus, by this common consent of Indiana and
Congress, has the ordinance of 1787 been changed
in one of its fundamemal articles, and the law
establishing the Territory of Michigan been, in
part at least, repealed or abrogated; and the same
proceeding has been had in the case of Illinois,
when the people of that Slate were admitted into
the Union. It must clearly appear that the ordi-
nance of 1787 has been changed; that it is com-
petent for Congress, with the assent of that por-
tion of the Territory northwest of the Ohio river,
over which the power or act of Congress in
effecting sueh change is to operate, so to change
it, without the approbation or consent of any
other portion of the country. This ought now
to be considered a settled* question. The only
remaining one is, has not such change been made
with regard to the northern boundary of the State
of Ohio ?   We contend that such is the fact.
It will not be forgotten that the proposition to
change the northern boundary by extending north
of an east and west line drawn through the south-
erly extreme of Lake Michigan, both the States
of Indiana and Illinois, first came from Congress,
and was accepted by the convention of both these
States; and thus, by this acceptance of each State
for itself of the proposed alteration offered by
Congress, the boundaries thereof became fixed
and determined, and beyond the power of Con-
gress to alter or change; for when this common
consent is once given, the whole power is spent,
and cannot be again exercised. A different mode
was pursued with regard to Ohio, but in no way
differing in principle from that afterwards pur-
sued with regard to Indiana and Illinois. The
proposition to change the northern boundary of
the State of Ohio from that described in the ordi-
nance, and the law of 1802, authorizing the peo-
ple of Ohio to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, was first made by the convention of
Ohio to Congress, and was one of the principal
features in the constitution, which Ohio presented,
as evidence of her right to admission into the
Union. The proposition did not contain any
alternative, as was the case with regard to In-
diana and Illinois; that if Congress did not assent
to the line proposed by Ohio, then the State
should be bounded by the line as described in the
act of Congress, for the purpose of enabling the
people to form a constitution, passed in 1802.
No. Ohio offered no such conditions; her only
proposition to Congress was, when fairly and
justly considered—and aa she then intended, and
now insists it to be—to come into the Union with
a boundary, at all events, extending to the most
northerly cape of the Miami bay; and the con-
stitution of the State was presented to Congress
as an entire instrument, to be understood and
construed as intended by Ohio; in other words,
Ohio, in presenting her constitution, said to Con-
gress: This is the form of our government, and
the charter of our rights, with which no power
on earth but that of our citizens has a right to
interfere. We cannot, however, come into the
Union without you admit us, nor can you com-
pel us to change, alter, or modify this constitu-
tion. If you cannot consent to the alteration we
propose as to our northern boundary, difterin*
from that contained in your law of 1802, we retire"
But on the terms of this constitution we believe
we ought to be admitted, and we ask your con-
sent to the same, and to each and every part
thereof; and on these terms it will be our highest
ambition to become a faithful and deserving
member of this Union. And without a single
objection on the part of Congress, was the State
of Ohio admitted into the Union as one of the
sovereign States of this Confederacy. Congress
may admit-new States into the Union, and in the
constitutional exercise of this power may refuse
such admission; but when a State is once admitted
into the Union, the power of Congress to look
into her constitution has ceased; and all the
rights, as well territorial as politic, granted by it
are thus made permanent, or guarantied by Con-
gress to the citizens of the State. This, I pre-
sume, will not be controverted, nor can it, I
maintain, be denied that the admission of mem-
bers of Congress from a State to seats in this
body is, to all intents and purposes, the admis-
sion of such States into the Union. And it is to
my mind equally clear that a State cannot be
admitted into the Union by piecemeal; that one
part of the constitution of a State can be assented
to by Congress ¿it one period, and that a further
assent to another part will extend the jurisdiction
or power of the State; and thus, until the whole
instrument is agreed to by Congress, such an
idea, it seems to me, is an absurdity in itself.
Yet such would be the case with Ohio, if we are
now under obligation to ask and obtain of Con-
gress as new matter, assent to any provision of
our constitution, to render it valid. We contend
that assent has been given to our boundary, as
well as every other part of our constitution; and
the right of our claim I beg leave to illustrate by
an individual case, and one which I presume
would be sustained in a court of justice. Appli-
cation is made by an individual for leasing a farm.
The owner makes out his terms in writing, de-
fining its boundary by lines to the cardinal points,
and presents them to the applicant, who, after
examination, accepts them with the following
addition: But it is fully understood and declared,
that if the i boundaries you offer do not include
the pasture field on the north side of the farm,
then, and in that case, with your assent, the said
field shall be included in this lease. The owner
of the farm looks over the addition to the lease,
and, without a single comment or objection, says
to the applicant, "Go upon the farm. Reason,
law, justice, and every honorable consideration,
would bind the landlord to the terms offered by
the tenant."
Is not this, in principle, analogous to the case
of Ohio? The terms of her admission into the
Union, as to boundary, was matter of agreement
between the people of that State and Congress,
neither party, within themselves, having power
to fix the boundaries of the State in the first in-
I stance; but the same was to be agreed by com-
mon consent, as declared in the ordinance of
178.7. The proposition as to the boundaries of
Ohio was first made by Congress to the people of
Ohio, by the act of 1802. The answer of the
convention was, " We agree to the boundaries
you propose, if the northern line will include
the most northerly cape of the Miami bay; but
it is understood, and declared by us, that our
northern boundary must be to that point." Our
Senators and Representatives presented them-
selves to Congress with this condition in their
hands, and were admitted to seats in Congress
without a single objection. Is not this sufficient
to satisfy every disinterested and impartial mind
of the constitutional right of Ohio to the bound-
ary she claims, as well as the right and justice of
that claim ?
In this opinion of the nature and validity of
the claim of Ohio, as asserted by the State, I feel
that, I am fully supported by the constant, uni-
form, and undivided opinion of all the public
functionaries and transactions of the State, Srtfee
the formation of the State government. It is
true, that soon after the admission of Ohio inte
the Union, a bill was reported to the Senate for
the purpose of dividing the Indiana Territory
into two separate governments, containing a sec-
tion declaring the assent of Congress to the sixth
section, seventh article, of the constitution of
Ohio, and was no doubt added to the bill at the
instance of one of our Senators, [Mr. Worthing-
ton,] who was chairman of the committee who
reported the same. And this section was stricken
out before the bill passed the Senate. T#1s cir-
cumstance has been urged as a denial, on the
part of Congress, of their assent to the sixth
Bection, seventh article, of the constitution of the
State, and of the validity of our claim to the line
we contend for.
Before we admit the argument thus urged, it
would be well for us to examine.    Is not the re-
verse most probably the true state of the case?
The constitution of Ohio had been presented to
Congress.    Is it not fairly and legitimately to be
inferred that Congress believed that assent had
[ been given to this provision of the constitution,
so far as the State was concerned; and as no ob-
' jection was made from any quarter whatever, it
| was unnecessary to retain this section in the bill,
j and more especially that Congress had no power
over the constitution of Ohio, or any one of the
States—and for these reasons the section was
stricken out?   The constitution of a State is the
highest and most solemn act that can be per-
formed   by the people, and cannot be altered,
abridged, revoked, or in any manner rendered
void or inoperative, even in its most unimportant
clauses, by any other power than that which
created it.    It-is true the admission of new States
into the Union depends upon Congress.    This
Congress may do, or may refuse.    And when a
new State presents herself for admission, Con-
gress may look into her constitution; and if any
part thereof is exceptionable, as being incompat-
ible with republican principles, or the nature and
frame of our civil institutions, or for any other
cause deemed just, such admission may be re-
fused.    There can be no doubt of the power of
Congress in this instance; and the power must,
in a good degree, be a discretionary power, de-
pending on the judgment of Congress.    But if
1 delegates from a new State afce admitted to seats
i in Congress, the power of that body to look into,
i or object to, any of the provisions of the consti-
tution of such State no longer exists; but it be-
¡ comes Obligatory upon the United States to pro-
| tect and defend such State in every provision of
I its constitution, as it respects its boundaries and
jurisdiction, as well as its civil policy.
I believe the declaration in the constitution of
Ohio, asking, apparently, the consent of Con-
[ gress to one of its provisions, to be an anomaly
I not contained in the constitution of any other
State; but it will be remembered that Ohio was
, the first State of this Union formed exclusively
of the territory of the United Stales; that there
I was no precedent in point to look to as a guide;
that her citizens were few in number; and that
I close and critical examination of words and
phrases was not then had, that would have taken
place if the country had been more fully settled
Yet, under all those circumstances, when they
presented their constitution to Congress, ana
applied to be and was admitted into the Union,
Congress rightfully judged that the instrument
was of too sacred a character lo be touched by
that body in any of its parts; that the rights
secured under it could not be garbled, and that it
would be a mere act of sunererogation for Con-
gress to give any other or further consent to any
of the provisions of the constitution, than was
«riven by the admission of the State into the
Union. It is true the assent asked for would
only be necessary to be given on the ascertain-
ment of a fact then not known; but the power to
give assent could as well be exercised before the
fact was ascertained as afterwards. In this light
has the question been viewed by the people of
Ohio. They made no further application to Con-
gress on this subject, but felt secure that the
boundaries of the State would continue undis-
turbed, as described in the proviso of the consti-
tution; and even the act of Congress of the 11th
