154
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 10,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Northern Boundary of Ohio—Mr. Morris
Senate.
January, 1805, did not shake or alter their belief
in the permanency of their boundaries.    Yet, as   .
the provision of that act, in desci tbwg the bound- ,
anes of the Michigan Terntoiy, was believed to
be within their chartered rights, they soon after
called the attention of Congress to the subject.
In the year 1806,1 fii st had the honor of a seat
in the Ohio Legislature. No one then doubted
the constitutional boundary of the State; no one
thought of a provisional boundary, subject to the
after control of Congress; or that any consent of
Congress, then given or withheld, without the
consent of the State could possibly make any
alteration of the actual existing boundary. But,
as the country in the northwest pait of the State
was then unsettled, and its geographical situation
not well understood, and as political movements
of much importance were then taking place in
the United States, the attention of the General
Assembly was not turned to this subject during
this session. But the next session the General
Assembly took up the subject, and after express-
ing a belief that the due east and west line drawn
through the southeily extreme of Lake Michigan
would not intersect Lake Erie, or would inter-
sect that lake east of the Miami river of the lake
—they, therefore, instructed their Senators and
Representatives m Congress to obtain the pas-
sage of a law to ascertain and define the northern
boundary of the State, and fix the same agreeably
to the proviso contained in the sixth section, and
seventh article of the constitution. The succeeding
session renewed the lequest, and also in the ses-
sion of 1811. Congress, in 1812, passed an act
to authorize the President to ascertain and desig-
nate certain boundaries. This act was passed in
pursuance of the repeated applications of the
General Assembly of Ohio; but— the war inter-
vening— was not carried into effect until 1816.
In that year the President directed the Commis-
sioner of the Land Office to authorize the Sur-
veyor General io run. and mark the northern bound-
ary of Ohio. In pursuance of this authouty the ,
Surveyor General directed Mr. William Harris |
to run and mark the line to which Ohio asserted ,
jurisdiction, and contends is her true northern I
boundary.                                                             |
It may not be improper or useless to notice,
but is worthy of remaik, that this officer—the
{Surveyor General—had been piesident of the con-
rention that foimed the constitution of Ohio; he
had  been the first Governor of the State, and
afterwards Senator in Congress.    As a faithful
public officer of the United States—and that he
war no one will doubt—he was bound to carry
into effect the instruction of the President; and
being fully acquainted with all the circumstances
and public acts that had taken place with regard
to the northern boundary of the State, he must
have believed, and rightfully, that the act of Con-
gress of the 11th of January, 1815, creating the
Michigan Territory, was inopeiative, so far as I
the same should be found in contact with the con-
stitution of Ohio; and that Congress had given the
proper assent to a change in the northern bound-
ary of the State from that described in the ordi-
nance of 1787, as well as in the act of 1802, and
he directed Mr. Harris to iuu the line accoid-
lngly; and the line thus íun was from the most
northerly cape of the Miami  bay, on a direct
course to the most southeily extreme of Lake
Michigan.   Governor Cass, of the Michigan Ter-
ritory, soon after objected to the correctness of
this line; and a coirespondence took place be-
tween him and the Surveyor General on the sub-
ject.    In a letter from the latter to the former, in
1817, he concludes with the following remaiks:
" By attending to the words, ' with the assent of
«the Congress of the United States,' and calling
•to mind that Congress did assent by ? eceiving the
' State into the Union upon the terms and condi-
' tions  above  expressed, I   should  suppose  no
' doubt can arise relative to the true boundary."
In December following Governor Woithmgion,
(the same gentleman who had foimeily been a
member of the United States Senate from Ohio,)
in his message to the General Assembly, üeclaied
that the northern boundaiy of the Statu had been
lately ascertained, tinder the authority of the United
States; and believing it important that the ques-
tion should be settled with the least possible
delay, and that the action of the General Assembly
might be necessary to ascertain whether the line
had been correctly run, he called their attention
to the subject. The message was refeired to a
select committee, who leported a preamble and
resolutions, which passed both Houses, without
a division, in the following January. In the pre-
amble the committee tlcclaie, " that the Congress
' of the United States fully assented to the pro-
' viso in the constitution of Ohio by their accept-
' anee of the State into the Union;" they therefore
reported a resolution "That this General As-
' sembly consider the line running fiom the most
' northerly cape of the Miami bay to the southerly
' extreme of Lake Michigan, until it shall ínter-
' sect a line drawn due north from the mouth of
' the Great Miami river to the north boundary of
1 the State, in that part which adjoins the Mich-
' igan Teiritory."
Sir, permit me here to pause and ask  the
solemn question, how public compacts are to re-
ceive construction, action, and validity? We have
seen what the compact was, the cucumstances
under which it was made—the parties to it; and
I know of no better source to look for the man-
ner in which it ought to be fulfilled than public
opinion,    it was that which laid the foundation
of our Government, ei ected the superstructure, and
constantly supports the whole edifice. Let us test,
then, this compact by public opinion in Ohio in
the first place.   The constitution of the State was
formed when her territory contained  less than
fifty thousand inhabitants; and up to the present
moment, when the same territory is teeming with
nearly, if not fully, one and a half millions—
during all this time, and under every change of
circumstances and men, there has been but one
undivided, unbroken opinion in the State on the
question of her northern boundary, and that is,
that the northern boundary of the State is estab-
lished by the constitution, and is wheie the line
has been lately remaiked by the authority of the
Legislature.   To this fact all the public function-
aries of the State have borne ample testimony,
as well as the united voice of her citizens.    Can
' it be possible that any portion of the enlightened
citizens of this country, acting in the sovereign
character of a State, can in a question of constir ¡
tutional right be mistaken, and that mistake per- I
sisted in for more than thirty years; or that more
than a million of our citizens are so unjust that
they ask an alteration in the boundaries of the
State, and are willing it should be resolved into a
question of mere political expediency > Sir, I can-
not thus libel the people of Ohio; I cannot believe it.
In looking into the opinion of the Attorney
General of the United States on this boundary
question, I am not able to view it in any other
light than as sustaining the views I have taken
on the subject.    He says, "It does not appear
' to me that the convention of Ohio did transcend
' their powers in proposing for the consideration
| ' of Congres the ultimate extension of the north-
' ern limits of the State in the manner suggested
' in the proviso."
,     And as no express objection was made to any
part of the constitution, 1 think it the sounder
opinion, that by the admission of the State into
the Union,  the Congress of th" United  States
assented to the proviso, as well as every part of
that instrument.    If the assent of Congress was
ntcessai y  to  the  admission  of O'no into   the
Union, as it suiely was, and if Congress assented
to the pioviso in the same manner as to every
other part of the constitution, I think the sounder
opinion, and the more safe one, to be, that every
part of the constitution is of equal validity.   But
the Attorney General thinks there is a difference
between  the assent of Congress, thus virtually
given to the proviso, and its assent to the actual
and present extension of the line as described in
the pioviso.    I confess I am not well able to un-
deistand this distinction, nor can I very well see
how Congress could give an implied assent, with-
out that assent becoming obligatory on the United
States.    The convention of Ohio never intended
a provisional line, but a line in part, and i'iatline
atallevents to be north of the mouth of the Miami
river of the lake.
The Attoiney General further icmarks, "That
' the unanimity with which the Executive and
'Legislature of Ohio have recently taken   the
I   ' contrary opi.aon, may well admonish him who
' questions it to do so with great deference to
' their opinions, and with some distrust of his
' own." The Attorney General ought, however,
ro have remembered that this opinion, unani-
mously enteitained by the Executive and Legis-
lature of Ohio, is not of recent date, but has
been entertained by every executive as well as
legislative body in Ohio, since the formation of
the State government; and if unanimity of opin-
ion in one instance ought to create distrust of the
correctness of a contrary opinion, this constant
unanimity for more than Unity years, by diffeient
individuals who have filled the executive and
legislative departments of Ohio, ought to be re-
ceived as conclusive evidence of the correctness
of that opinion.
If it be possible to settle a question by force
of public opinion—and that is the foundation on
which this Government, her Constitution and
laws, must forever rest—it seems to me that the
third part of a century, the age allotted to man,
is sufficiently long for that purpose. The Attor-
ney General, however, endeavors to sustain his
argument by a reference to the acts and proceed-
ings of Congress subsequent to the admission of
Ohio into the Union. I can only say, that he
seems to have mistaken the views of Ohio; so far
as she was concerned or had any agency in the
passage of those acts, in no instance has the State
admitted, even impliedly, that her constitutional
boundary did not extend to the line she now
claims; but as doubts ex sted at what point that
line would strike Lake Erie, when accurately
run, application was made to Congress for the
purpose of ascertaining that fact; and she has
been as solicitous to obtain a settlement of the
question as she was confident that the line that
has been called the provisional line in her consti-
tution, was the true and proper boundary of the
State Thus it appears that we have not only
had the unanimous opinion of the citizens and
public functionaries of our own State, but the acts
and proceedings of the public functional íes and
officers of the General Government, constantly in
favor of the constitutional boundary of Ohio, as
that State now asserts it. And last, though not
least, is the opinion of the first law officer of the
Government, who admits that Congress did im-
pliedly assent to this proviso in our constitution;
and surely, if any act or proceeding of Congress
was of such character that the State and people
of Ohio could impliedly infer that such assent
was given, then surely Congress is bound by
every principle of justice and good faith to sus-
tain the just belief and expectation of Ohio in
reafliiming that assent, if there exists any doubt
or dissatisfaction on the subject, and such, most
unfortunately and strangely, is the case. We
will now examine into the cause why if is so.
In January, 1805, Congress passed the act
establishing the Michigan Territory, and by the
pi ovisions of that act imprudently, if not un wit-
tingly, extended the southern boundary of that
Territory over the constitutional limits of Ohio;
but I am strongly inclined to the opinion, though
I cannot assert it as a fact, that the actual exer-
cise of the authority of Michigan was not at-
tempted within those limits until 1818, and after
the authouties of Ohio had assessed a tax on
the people living within that part of the State
included in the Michigan Territory by the act
of Congress before mentioned. After this took
place, some of the inhabitants applied to the
Governor of Michigan for commissioners or jus-
tices of the peace, and other officers under the
authority of that government, which were readily
granted; and thus commenced the jurisdiction of
Michigan within the borders of Ohio. After the
possession of the disputed territory was thus
acquired by Michigan, under color at least of an
act of Congress, the application of the military of
Ohio would have been unjustifiable in regaining
the possession at that time, and would be so still.
Congress having cast over our boundary another
title," and possession under that tule being ob-
tained whilst we slept, the President of the Uni-
ted States, who is bound to take care that the
laws of Congress are faithfully executed, would
have been required, by a faithful discharge ot
his duty, to have sustained the jurisdiction ot
Michigan against a military force, until Congress
should have withdrawn the jurisdiction ol that
