162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February. 26>
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.         Cumberland Road-+-Mr. Clay, Mr. Linn, Mn Hendricks, etc.
Senate.
decimated bv them. He should be glad to learn
Ironí the Senators from Illinois if such was the
lsot
Mr. ROBINSON replied that there was a con-
tent between the S>taus> of Illinois, and Mismhui
as to win re tins road should ter.irnate. Mis-
souri wished it to t  rmi'iate at ¡st Louis, vvh.le
Illinois w íshed it earned twenty miles above that
C' ice to the mouth of the Missouri liver. The
"islature of Illinois had also passed a resolu-
tion that the road should not pass through their
State, if it took the other route.
Mr. LINN said that at an early stage of this
bill, his attention was directed to its provisions,
from the circumstance that the Legislature of
Illinois had passtd a joint resolution, requiring
imperatively that this national road should strike
the Mis&isbippi river at Alton, or permission
would be refused to allow the road to be cai ried
through that State; in a word, to nullify an act
of Congress, unless that act confoimed to her
wishes. But on examining the bill, no appio-
miation was found in it to make the road from
Vandiiha to the Mississippi. If such a prov ísion
had been in the bill, he would have felt himself
bound, m justice to his constituents, to have op-
posed its passage, unless all pretension to dietation
in this matterhad been abandoned. He was well
aware that powerful attempts were making to puff
Alton into consequence at the expense of St. Louis,
and that she was represented as very great, and
growing; in a word, the "Tadmor" of the West
for commercial advantage of situation. Now, a
small matter of fact illustrated the relative im-
portance of the two places at this time Expect-
ing this bill to come up, he (Mr. L.) walked to
the Post Office Department, and inquired the
amount of revenue from the post office at St.
Louis, and found it to come to eight ormne thou-
sand dollars; whilst at Alton it amounts to two
or three hundred dollars. The truth was, St.
Louis was, and must ever be, the great emporium
of the Upper Mississippi. She had advantage
of position, of capital, population, enterprise, and
tvade, and bid defiance to etll rivals. He had not
now, nor ever had, a doubt where this great na-
tional work would terminate on the Mississippi.
It must terminate at St. Louis, the center of com-
merce, and near to the arsenal and military post
at Jefferson Barracks.
Mr. CLAY wished he could get a little aid in
this work of economy he had undertaken. He
would like to know of any estimate of the prob-
able expense of the road from the Wabash to the
Mississippi. He had been told since his former
remarks, that in some places stone would have
to be hauled twenty-five miles to cover this road,
and would cost at least #7,000 per mile. The
State he belonged to had resolved, notwithstand-
ing all vetoes, to progress with her roads. The
honorable gtntleman from Illinois [Mr. Rom\--
soj,] had said this was a road leading fiom one
neighborhood to another, in the same county,
same State, or adjoining States, which was very
true, and coincided with what he had said, that
it was not a great commercial road. He had
touched on the subjectof stock. He (Mr. C ) was
at home on that subject. He could tell the gentle -
man that, in driving stock, he ought to avoid
roads made of stone. He had some experience
in this matter, and on a certain occasion he had
to transport his bull, Orazimbo, in a wagon, in
order to get him along on one of these stone turn-
pikes.
The Fourth Auditor* and all the Auditors to-
gether, could not equal the calculations of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Evving] respecting
this ten per cent, on lands. He said the trans-
portation of munitions of war for the Govern-
ment would amount to as mucli as the whole cost
of the construction of the canal. Among a num-
ber of contingencies upon which tins calculation
depended, was first that of having a war, and
next the manner of prosecuting it. He knew the
powers of that gentleman. Give him that if,
(said Mr. C.,) and he would accomplish what
Archimedps did. He would advise the gen tleman
from Illinois, [Mr, Robinson,] that hehad bettei
drive his cattle and hog  over the prairies than
over these stone roads.
The gentleman bad said that it was economy
to appropriate large sums, ns the same number
of orneéis could superintend the work as would
be ie*quirtd if the appropriation was less. He
vv ould ask vv bother it vv as intended to adapt the
woi kmeii to the officers, or the officers to the work-
mi n>
His mot'on wes to reduce the appropriation in
Ohio and Indiana to the amount passed at the
last se sgion.
In consequence of the conformation of the road
from Columbus to the Mississippi, stone was
difficult to be got, and in some places almost mi-
piacticable. He would vote for a moderate sum
togiade from the Wabash to the Mississippi,
and if the gentleman were not content with that,
lie would himself, or hoped some one else would,
move to postpone the bill until they had esti-
mates.
Mr. R.OBINSON would be very happy to get
the gentleman's vote for grading the load, as it
was not contemplated to put the metal on it this
year. Tlie present appropriation was asked only
tor grading. Many bridges, not of a very ex-
pensive character, were already in progress; and
these were wanted that their stock might not be
di owned, though they escaped injury from the
road. As to the distance that the stone must be
corned, bethought the gentleman from Kentucky
was mistaken, at least as to its being transported
as many as twenty-five miles. He liad heard of
stone being carried as far as thirteen miles, but
this was to only one part of the road. There
was no senous contest yet with the State of
Missouri, as to the termination of the road,
whatever; there might be after the surveys shall
have been made.
Mr. HENDRICKS remarked, that it had so
often been his duty, from the position he occu-
pied in relation to the business of the Senate, to
present the claims of this road, and the claims of
the northwestern States in connection with it,
that it had become irksome and unpleasant to
him to make any further remarks on the subject;
but that duty, as well as the expectations of the
Senate, seemed to require him to make a state-
ment on the present occasion, which should be
as brief as possible. He would endeavor to an-
swer some of the objections of the Senator from
Kentucky; and, in the first place,that to the Wa-
bash bridge contemplated by the bill. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky supposes that it has never
been the intention of the Government to construct
bridges over rivers of thi3 magnitude, and men-
tions the fact that the Monongahela river, at
Brownsville, in Pennsylvania, and the Ohio river,
at Wheeling, had not'been bridged, although the
necessity for bridging these streams was much
greater than that of bridging the Wabash. But
a simple fact seemed to have escaped his recol-
lection, which would no doubt explain to him the
reason why those rivers, and especially the Mo-
nongahela, had not been bridged, and convince
him of the fact that it had always been the inten-
tion of the Government to bridge all othei streams
between Cumberl md and the Mississippi. The
propriety of bridging the Ohio river at Wher ling
has always been questioned. In relation to the
Monongahela and Ohio rivers, no law ever ex-
isted authorizing them to be bridged. In all
other cases on the road, bridging has been author-
ized by law. He íeferred to the appropriation
bills, which at one time directed the Cumber-
land road to be constructed to the Monongahela
river at Btownsville. The appropriation after-
wards made for the road from that river to Wheel-
ing directed the construction to commence on
the western bank of the river; and it width,the
bf d of the river, was left unpiovidcd for; so was
it in Ohio. When Congress authorized the con-
stiuction of the rond westwardly of Wheeling,
the law directed the woik to commence on the
western bank of the Ohio river, leaving out the
width and bed of the nver. For bridging these
rivers there was no provision made by law—no
estimates of engineers. Fuitherwest this was
not the case. For bridging all the streams be-
tween the Ohio and the Mississippi, on that road,
there are estimates, and the streams are included
in the admeasurement of distances. It is no doubt
true, as has been stated, that no bridge was built
over the Muskingum at Zanesville.   Here the
Government found a bridge in the hands of a
company. It was adopted for the road, and, for
aught he knew, tins might be the case elsew here
though he recollected no other such case. At
Indianapolis a bridge had been built over the
White uver. This (although the engineer had,
m the location of the road, made estimates for)
the Department protoned an expression in the
appropuation law respecting it, similar to the ex-
pression contain  d in this bill for the bridge over
the Wabash. The law passed containing thia
direction, and the bridge has been built. This
proposition for a bridge across the Wabash had
been called a new proposition; but this was not
the fact It would bo recollected that, on a pre-
vious occasion, this same pioposition had been
inserted by the Committee on Roads and Canals
of the Senate, in a Cumberland road appropria-
tion bill. Objections were then made elsewhere,
not here, on the suggestion that this bridge would,
or might, injure the navigation of the nver. This
fear prevailed, and the clause was stricken out
of the bill. Since then the Senate have directed,
by resolution, that the United States engineer
supei intending the road should examine and re-
port on that subject; and the report is, that a bridge,
such as is rceommended, will not, in any degree,
injure the navigation. The fact of previous ob-
jection having existed to this bndge makes it the
more necessary now that the bill should direct
the construction.
Other objections have been made to this bill.
It is said that, while laige sums of money have
been, for the last ton years, expending on tin 
road through the northwestern States, the other
side of the river is left destitute. It is said
that the southern side of the valley of the Ohio,
Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, and other por-
tions of the great southwest, are in point of com-
merce and importance as ten to one, m compari-
son with the States north of the Ohio nver, and
that no appropriations for a similar work can be
obtained from the Federal Government, on the
south side of that noble river. Mr H. said,
that he was unable to perceive by what prem-
ises the conclusion of ten to one in favor of
the south side of the nver had been arrived at.
He had arrived at a conclusion very different.
He undertook to say that, from the eastern line
of the State of Ohio, to the Mississippi river,
the States on the other side of the river would
compare with the southern side, of equal geo-
graphical extent, much more favorably than ten
to one. He believed that the population was at
die present moment very nearly, if not quite
equal, on the north side, to that on the south;
and it was hazarding little to say, that in a short
time it would be double. But is there (said Mr.
II.) no consideration on the north side, inducing
appropriations, which dots not exist on the
south ' Are the §G,500,000 which, during the
year 1835, have been paid into the Tieasury of
the United States, through the medium of the
land officers in the four northwestern States,
nothing > Is the consideration, thatnot one dol-
lar has been paid into the Treasury by the south-
ern section o{ the country referred to, nothing>
The Sates south of the nver to the western
boundary of Tennessee, own the lands within
their limits. North of the river the whole of
the public domain is Owned by the United States,
unshackled by taxation. Is this nothing' 13
there not equitable obligation on the owners of
the soil to aid in the construction of the public
roads in every country' And is there any other
country in which this obligation is not enforced
bylaw? None (said Mr. H.) that I krow of,
or ever heard of. The lands of this Gov ernment
in the hands of the new States are not taxed for
roads or any other purpose; and whilst these
States ore expending millions 111 roads and ca-
nals, and increasing the value of adjacent public
lands as five to one, or ten to one, we, the
representatives of those States, are continually
hearing murmurs and regrets, that the fostering
hand of this Government is, in the dispensing of
its boons and favors, leading the new States in
the paths of unparalleled prosperity, lavishing
millions upon them, whilst many of the old States
are wholly destitute of its benefits and favors, is
the prosperity of the new Sutes so mysterious
