164
APPENblX TO TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
24th C(
ONG....1ST SESS.
Cumberland Road*—Mr. Crittenden, Mr.-Tipton.
Senate.
Mr. President, it would be wrong to ascribe
the prosperity of the northwestern States to any
smo-le cause, "but it would be equally erroneous to
deify that this road had largely contributed to
that prosperity. The truth is, that every dollar
heretofore appropriated to the improvement of
the country northwest of the Ohio river, has re-
turned into your Treasury, in amounts more than
double. The grant of land to the Wabash and
Erie canal looks large on paper, and is so in
reality, and often do we hear of it on this floor.
In every proposition for grants to the new States,
this road, and that grant, with the grant to Illi-
nois, and some others, are continually brought in
review before us. And has not the Wabash and
Erie canal grant been the means of selling mil-
lions of acres, which but for that grant would, to
this day, have remained unsold ? And has it not
sold lands in its vicinity for ten dollars per acre,
which would otherwise have remained unsold to
this day; or, if sold at all, would have sold at $1 25
per acre? Sir, (said Mr. H.,) I well remember
telling the "Señale, when that proposition was be-
fore this body in 1827, that every acre granted to
the State for the construction of the Wabash and
Erie canal would be an acre well sold, and would
swell the amounts thereafter received into the
Treasury. I was then thought to be sanguine
ami visionary. The bill struggled along, as this
bill is how struggling along. It got through, as
I hope this bill will get through. My most san-
guine expectations have been doubly realized;
and I verily believe that every acre contained in
that grant has brought into the Treasury five
times as much as it would otherwise have sold
for. Without that grant the canal would have
been tenor fifteenyears later in being commenced
and completed. The Upper Wabash lands would
have sold at minimum price, and millions of acres,
now in the hands of purchasers, would still have
belonged to the Government.
A proposition is now before the Committee on
Commerce to appropriate $25,000 for a harbor at
Michigan city. You have about one hundred
townships of new lands in that portion of the
State, not yet brought into market. Now it is a
calculation perfectly safe, that the making of this
appropriation of $25,000 for a harbor at Michi-
fan city—the only place, as is believed, where a
arbor can be made within the State of Indiana
—will make a difference of $100,000 at the land
sales in that vicinity, within the present year.
The bill before theSenateis based on estimates
of the Department; and if it be intended to com-
plete tbiis road, as it no doubt will be completed,
then it is unquestionably economy to appropriate
the largest sum; for all the contingencies of the
disbursements will be the same for the lesser
sums as for the larger sums; and the road, if
rapidly completed, will cost much less in repairs.
As soon as completed, it will pass into the hands
of the States, as other portions of it further east
have done, and it will be a most valuable public
,work, of lasting duration, without further ex-
pense to the Government.
Mr. CRITTENDEN expressed the wish that
the subject might be postponed for the present.
He remembered that sixteen or seventeen years
ago, when he was a member of the other House,
the subject was before them. It was urged that
this two per centum fund would bo prolific enough
•to repay any advances made for the young mem-
bers of the Confederacy. The advances were
made to them; and after a lapse of sixtoen or
«venteen years he saw that this two per centum
fond -was as prolific as ever. Why were these
large appropriations asked? Why were claims
made on a bounty that had already been ex-
hausted? He wished to see a feeling of gratitude
for the bounties of Government cherished; and
the way to cherish that feeling was to acknowl-
edge the bounties conferred. Gentlemen seemed
to think that this two per oentum fund was not
"exhausted, and as respected Ohio and Indiana,
if they were not satisfied, they never would be. If
gentlemen wanted this appropriation, let them take
it as the bounty of the Government, and strike
out from the bill the delusive clause which prom-
ises repayment out of the fund long ago exhausted.
They talk, too, of the compact between the Gov-
ernment and the new States.   Let them stand bv
that bargain. How would it be violated by stop-
ping the road at the Ohio? Mr. C. entered into
a lengthy argument to show that the Government
was not bound by the compact to carry the road
beyond the Ohio, and that the two per cent, fund
being long ago exhausted, every appropriation
for the road in the new States proceeded from
the bounty, and not from the obheations, of the
Government. He denied that these appropria-
tions were given as an equivalent to the new
States for not taxing the public lands; contend-
ing that they had no right to tax them, and that
Congress had the power, when it admitted those
States into the Union, to impose, as a condition ,
that they should not tax the public lands within
their limits. Mr. C. contended that the States
southwest of Ohio, which were not permitted to
participate in the bounties of the Government,
were, on every principle of justice, of good policy,
and national interest, as much entitled to appro-
priations for their public roads as the States
favored bv the bill.
Mr. TIPTON said he was aware, that some
gentlemen opposed appropriations for thia road
because they considered it a gratuity to the peo-
ple of the new States. This "was a mistaken idea
of the facts of the case. The sums appropriated
for the construction of this road would be re-
placed in your Treasury from satos of the public
lands within the new States. Again; it should be
borne in mind, that the Cumberland road was the
great leading mail route to the far West, through
the center of the States northwest of the Ohio
river. On this road the United States mail to six
States and Territories must be transmitted during
the winter season, ft  the western fivers were
locked up with ice, and communication between
the East and the far West must be suspended for
one fourth of the year, unless the National road
was completed. Our ability to construct this road
would keep pace with the increase of population,
and the sales of the public lands extending west-
ward. Money expended to improve the naviga-
tion-of rivers, or to construct roads in that portion
of the country where the United States were the
owners of the soil, he trusted, would not be se>t
down in account against the people who purchase
and improve the public lands, when such works
are executed, for he could demonstrate to the
satisfaction of any one who would set down with
him to make the calculation, that grants of lands
and money to these objects have been beneficial
to the Treasury of the United States.
Take, for example, a grant of land made eight
years ago, of near half a million acres of tend to
aid the State of Indiana in constructing a canal,
to connect at navigable points the waters of the
Wabash with those of Lake Erie.   This grant
consisted of the one half of five sections on each
side of the line of canal; the State accepted the
grant with doubt and hesitation, and by a close
vote, (I believe a majority of one,) after a lengthy
discussion  in her  Legislature.     Many leading
members of the  General Assembly doubted the
propriety of accepting the grant, and obligating
the State to commence in five, and finish within
twenty  years, a  navigable  canal two hundred
miles long, apprehensive that the land would not
sell, and that the State would incur a heavy debt
to complete the canal.   But, sir, the grant was
accepted, and the State authorized a loan to begin
the canal, and soon after we commenced in good
earnest on this  great work.    The State's land
sold at from one dollar and ahalf to three dollars
and a half, and some at fifty dollars, and as high
as seventy dollars per acre.    The United  States
lands that have heen offered within several miles
of the canal have been sold, and even lands of an
inferior quality, that would have remained the
property of the Government for a generation to
come,  were sold; and more money had  been
brought into the United States Treasury in a
shorter period of time, than if the General Govern-
ment had offered the whole of these lands without
the commencement of a canal by the State.
The construction of the canal and Cumberland
road in that State, with the industry and enter-
prise of the people, had enhanced the value of
every acre or public land a hundred per cent.
Ten millions of dollars have been realized to the
Government from the sales of public lands within
the State of Indiana. The United States are still
the owners of about eleven millions of acres within
the limits of Indiana, and a large proportion of
these were fresh lands, never in market. The
recent sales of public lands at Fort Wayne and
Laporte demonstrated, beyond contradiction, that
fresh lands would here often sell at from two to
twenty dollars per acre. The land office at La-
porte took in $200,000 for lands sold at private
sale during the last two months. As he was in-
formed by a letter from the receiver of public
money in that office, these sales have not been
equaled by sales in any other State or Territory
since the existence of the Government.
Indiana was about to embark in a general sys-
tem of internal improvement. She has appro-
priated $10,000,000 for the construction of roads,
railroads, and canals, and this had given a fresh
spring to the sales of the United States lands in
that State. He had no doubt that all the lands
fit for cultivation, that now were, or hereafter
might be brought into market, would sell within
two years. We are anxious (said Mr. T.) to
complete the Cumberland road through our State
within three years, and for this purpose ask a
large appropriation to continue the road, and for
bridges. The next year, one half the balance
would be asked, and the remainder would be
wanted in 1838. We consider (said Mr. T.) that
we are entitled to heavy drafts on your Treasury,
while the country enjoys unexampled prosperity,
and our constituents contribute so largely to fill
your coffers.
The Senator front Kentucky, [Mr. Critten-
den,] (said Mr. T.,) since we have long since
exhausted our two per cent., and he denies the
existence of a compact; we are at issue. I claim
the money on a compact; and further, if he will
examine the quantity of public land sold and to be
sold in the States and Territories, frcm the eastern
boundary of theState of Ohio to the Rocky moun-
tains, he will find that the.two per cent, is over
$7,000,000-, and we have not yet had half that
sum appropriated to the Cumberland road.   The
fentlcman wished, to lay the billon the table, that
e might ííy if hé could get his own consent to
vote for it. He expressed a kind fbtling for this
work, and would, if he could with propriety, vote
with us. We'would be gratified with his vote,
(said Mr. T.,) but prefer taking the question at this
time, even if we are so unfortunate as not to be
favored with his support; and we expect a favor-
able decision of the Senate on this most important
measure for the northwestern States and Terri-
tories  Much had been said about different plans
of making roads, and of the science of, road-
making; he did not profess to be a competent
judge; but tho national road to Indiana was placed
under the direction of an able and efficient officer
of the corps of United States engineers, who was
capable of judging of the best method of con-
structing this road, and was responsible for its
faithful execution. The road was progressing
well, under this valuable officer-, he has his assis-
tants, with hands and tools enough on the road
to finish it through our State within three years,
and a very large portion of the road was now
ready to receive the stone. Every one acquainted
with road-making, knew that this was the most
expensive item of this work, and it would be
economy of botlf money and time to give the full
amount of his estimates for the present year's
appropriations on the work.
Mr. T. hoped that the final action of the Senate
would not be postponed. Should you, said he,
make the appropriation at an early day, the
officer in charge of the work will make his ar-
rangements to prosecute it vigorously; but if we
are put off until the close of a long session of
Congress, before he is advised what amount will
be at his disposal, the spring season for work,
which will commence in three or four weeks,
will have passed away, and the laborers now on
the road must seek employ elsewhere. The en-
gineer would not be as well prepared to prosecute
the work at the beginning of the fall as he would
be on the first of April, if the appropriation bill
passed in March. Gentlemen -would see that it
was vastly important to decide this matter speed-
ily. If the road was to drag on slowly, under
limited appropriation, let the Senate say so; if it
