1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONORESSJONAVGLOBE.
165
•24th Cong....1st Sess.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Niles.
Senate.
was to be abandoned, let us, said he, know it,
,t are now as well prepared as we exptct to be
at anv tature time to abide the disastrous conso-
quenct s to our new and rising States.
The estimate to continue the work m Ohio,
this year, was $320,000. His colleague [Mr
Hendricks] had withdrawn his proposition to
increase it. The estimate to continue the road,
and tor bridge  in Indiana, was $350,000, and
for Illinois $191,000-, making the round sum of
$861,000—a little more than was paid into the
Treasury for lands sold by the United States m
the State of Indiana in last month—January.
This small item he hoped would not frighten his
friends, they could «a easily appropriate thou-
sands as hundreds, when they had money enough
to spare.
East of the Ohto river the road is completed,
end aivea up to the States within which it was
located, who had placed toll-gates upon it, and
collected tolls sufficient to keep it in good repair.
Gentlemen from the southwest, who had busi-
ness at the seat of the National Government, all
ascended the river to Wheeling, and took the
national road to the eastern cities. There was
not a man in the nation, no matter how hostile
he might have been, or now is, to internal im-
provement by the General Government, while
comfortably seated in the stage, and viewing the
fine bridges and magnificent scenery as he glided
swiftly and smoothly over the majestic Allegha-
mes, that could feel otherwise than proud when
he reflected that he was a citizen of our Union,
and that this work would fortver stand forth as
an unfading monument of the liberality, enter-
prise, and munificence of his country.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had often traveled
upon the Cumberland road before. It had been
a standing subject before Congress ever since he
had been first a member of the other House.
He was, therefore, always ready to act upon: it.
He would vote for the appropriation proposed
by this Ml. He did not think the friends of the
bill should consent to lay it upon the table at the
request of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
CaiTTKNDEf.',] in the hope that Anther reflection
might induce him to change his opinion. His
remarks hail induced Mr. B. to believe that the
prospect oi such a change was but faint.
In one respect (said Air. B.) I am. happy to
concur in opinion with that gentleman. I admit
that we are not bound by the compacts with the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois to appropri-
ate this money. It cannot be demanded from us
as a matter of contract. The two per cent, fund
arising out of the sales of the public lands in
these Statesha  long since been expended. It is
now miUions in the arrear, more than it will ever |
pay. The Senator from. Indiana (Mr. Hen-
dricks] estimates that this, fund wiU eventually
yield upwards of $1,000,000. This may possibly
be so, though I very much doubt it. At all i
events, it is a prospective, contingent calculation, '
and the money to make the road is required im-
mediately. I am disposed to grant it, but not
because the compact imposes any such obliga-
tion upon me. I wish to be distinctly understood
upon this i joint.                                                          I
Why, then, shall I vote for this appropriation'
Simply because it has long been the established
policy of Congress to construct this, road as far i
west as the Mississippi. We have acted upon |
tlus principle steadily for many years. Shall we
now arrest the progress of this road, and abandon
the policy which we have so often sanctioned'
Is there a single Senator within the sound of my
voice who believes seriously that this will be
done' No, sir. The road must be completed,
it will be completed, and the only question which
can arise is, as to the amount which we ought to
appropriate for the present year. On this branch
of the subject I shall say a few words. We have
been informed by the chairman of the Committee
on Roads and Canals, [Mr. Hendricks,] that the
sums appropriate d bv tnt bill have been asked for
by our engineers in their estimates, and that they
believe this amount of money can be judiciously
expended upon the road during the present year.
Mr. HENDRICKS observed that the sums in
the bill were the minimum of what the engineers
required.
Mr. BUCHANAN. Then, what can be the
objection to this appropuation' If the load must
be made, will be made, why not pass this bill'
Is not the Titasury ovirflowina' Is there any
necessity for limiting the expenditure, during the
present year, below the sum which can b( judi-
ciously applied ' Besidis, if you giant the en-
gineers what they required, and hold them to a
strict responsibility for its expenditure, they can
never excuse themselves hereafter by alleging
that the expense has been increased by your re-
fusal, to give them the sum necessary to prose-
cute the w ork is the best and most economical
manner, "iou do not interfere with their plan
of operations. For my own pait, I do not pro-
fess te) be a judge of the sum which can be prop-
el ly expended, and as then is no want of money
in the Treasury, I am disposed to complete tin
work as rapidly as it con be done consistently
w lth the permanent and proper construction of
the road.
The Senators from Kentucky complain that,
whilst the new northwestern Stati s have reccivr d
large sums from the pubhc Treasury loi die con-
struction of their roads, their State has been
entirely neglected. Docs it stand alone m this
particulai '   Might I not, with equal justice, cora-
Flain of the same m gleet towards Pennsj lvania'
am proud to say that she has almost, complcud
her vast system of internal improvements with-
out having received one dollai from the National
Treasury. It is true she is in debt more than
$20,000,000, but the income which, she will de-
rive fiom these very improvements will eie long
prevent this debt from being a burden upon her
people. I would advise Kentucky to do hki wist.
We can now afford her important aid in such a
great undertaking, if she will accept it. She cm
nave the benefit of all our experience. The
agents who have been employed upon our pub-
hc works—men faithful, competent, and experi-
enced—have been or will be sw ept avyay w ith the
besom of reform. Not one will be left. Of this,
however, I do not complain. I should "be gl id
if Kentucky w ould be benefited by )t. We can
afford her men who will conduct fhe public im-
provements which she is about to undertake
with integrity,.economy, and skill.
In reference to the veto upon the Maysville
road, which has been introduced into this debate,
I shall malte a few remarks. I voted for that bill,
and whatever I may have thought, at the time,
of the veto on that particular road, I am convinced
that the principles which were asserted in it have
been of great serv ice to the country
If we had pursued the system of appropriating
money for the construction of roads and canals
all over the Union, the attention of Congress
would thus have been diverted from the great
objects intrusted to our care by the Constitution
Our time would have, heen almost exclusively
occupied in this business. Besides, although
each member might have prescribed it as a rule
for himself to grant no appropriations except to
national objects, yet when a road or canal was
proposed affecting nearly the interest of his own
constituents, he would have been ingenious in
satisfying himself that it was of general import-
ance. Such is the nature of man. Each member
would have had to decide this question for him-
self, and each decision would have been a prece-
dent, upon the strength of which we might go a
little further. The natural tendency of the sy s-
tem was to proceed to such an extent that, instead
of legislating for the great interests of the Union,
the chief objects of our pursuit would have been
to obtain money from the Treasury to be ex-
pended on roads and canals for tlje benefit of our
constituents.                                      ,
Notwithstanding all the knowledge and all the
ability which are centered in Congress, in my
humble opinion, we would constitute a very in-
efficient and injudicious board of internal im-
provements. I am glad this system has been
checked. I think it the very worst mode which
we could adopt of expending the surplus in the
Treasury. I should greatly prefer any other
which has been proposed.
Mr. B. said he had been in Kentucky when he
was very young, and he yet retained and ever
_§hould retain a bvely and grateful impression of
that visit. He had then formed a most favor-
able opinion of the State and of its population,
But he must also say that he never should forget'
their roads. He was glad to learn that the road
between Lexington and Maysville had been tmn-
piked. It needed it much. lie would venture
to say, that, before this turnpike was made, all
the horses which could have been attached to
any vehicle of sufficient dimensions to accommo-
date Orozimbo, would not have drawn him, in
the spring season of the year, from Maysville to
Ashland.
Mr. NILÉS said he had made several unsuc-
cessful attempts to get the floor, but did not in-
tend to detain the Senate, as it was not his pur-
pose to enter into a gene ral discussion of this bill,
or of the particular motion before the Senate.
This was a western interest,and, in his opinion,
especially a local one, yet it wis called a great
national work, and perilips in one view of the
subject, it might be so considered Coming from
a different quarter, it could not be supposed that
he felt any spettal interest in the bill, yet having
never before had the honor of a seat in Gongress,
tlus was the first time he had been called on to act
in relation to the Cumberland road, and, consider-
ing that it had been an old and constant claimant^
having been for more than thirty years before
Cqngiess, he was perhaps called on to pay his
respects to it. This road appears to have been
a particular favorite of this Government, and like
otlur favoutcs, to have been a large sharer in the
pubhc hounty. His object was to notice some
of the suggestions of the honorable Senators from
Kentucky, [Mr. Clay and Mr. Crittenden,!
rather than either to oppose or advocate the bill,
in the fate of which he felt no particular solici-
tude. He could not subscribe to the correctness
of the positions which the Senator from Ken-
tucky, who first spoke, [Mr. Clay,] had assumed,
and in w hich he seemed disposed to place others.
He did not understand the position which the
gentlemen from Kentucky have assumed in rela-
tion to this bill In saying this, he had no inten-
tion of chaiging them with the Want of clearness
or foreo in their remarks—far from it, but there
appeared to be something in reserve, some object
which lay beyond this bill, and which they
seemed disposed to advance indirectly, by their
courst in relation to this subject. Are the gen-
tlemen opposed to the bill, or in favor of it*
In either case, he thought, he ¡should understand
them.
He understood perfectly well the position of
the two honorable Senators from Indiana, [Mr.
Hendricks and Mr. Tipton,] their object is to
get through this road, to have it made at the
expense of the Government, and as soon as pos-
sible, and, consequently, they wish to obtain as
large appropriations as they can. He did not
complain of this, it was a course perfectly natu-
ral  and consistent with the relation in which
they stood to the subject. But the Senators front
Kentucky appear to occupy a more uncertain and
equivocal relation to this bill. At one time, it
would seem as if the only question was, whether
this road was to be constructed on one side or
the other side of the Ohio river' If this is the
main question, it is one in which the members of
this body generally will probably feel but little
interest
The Senator from Kentucky, who first sp-oke,
[Mi. Clay,] informed tis of hi* early friendship
for this great work—of Ae 'constant strpport he
has afforded U. He might have said, powerful
support, but he seems now to intimate a reluc-
tance to sustain it, because the system of internal
improvement, of which he says this road was*
part, is suspended. Mark that word, sir: the
gentleman says this system is suspended; but I
will take the liberty to use a more definite term,
and inform the gentleman that I think this fa-
vorite system of his is ended; that it is overthrown,
not only by the act of the Executive, but by
pubhc opinion, and that it is ended now, henceforth
and forever. He says the veto of the bill for the
Maysville and Louisville road had destroyed the
system, and that those who sustained the Ad-
ministration which had put down the system,
could hardly expect the support of those who
are friendly to it    But whilst he still professes
f
