m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfíE.
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Cumberland Road—Mr. Benton.
[February 26,
Senate.
to be friendly to the object of this bill, he insists
on placins: it on a ground which, he must know, I
would beYatal to it. not only in another quarter,
but in Congress. He says the Cumberland road
cannot be distinguished from any other work of
internal impro\cment, and that it can rest on no
other foundation than the existence of a power
in this Government to construct roads. Sir, if
this bill can stand on no other foundation than
this, it cannot stand at all—it cannot be sus-
tained—it must fall to the ground.
I had supposed that the compacts with the new
States, by which live per cent, on the amount of
fends soli in such States was reserved, two per
cent, for roads leading to those States, and three
per cent, for making roads in such States, amount-
ed to something—that it was entitled to some con-
sideration, as distinguishingthis from other roads,
notwithstanding this fund and much more ha\'e
already been expended. But this road owes its
origin to those compacts—it was undertaken in
pursuance of them; and having been begun, has
been continued, and a sum expended greatly ex-
ceeding the five per cent, on the sales of the pub-
lic lands. I do not say that these compacts were
wise, but I regard them as unwise and unfortun-
ate, by involving this Government in a business
which did not belong to it, and in regard to which
its constitutional power is very doubtful. I re-
gard these compacts as still in force, because the
five per cent, on all the lands to be sold within
those States is to go into our Treasury. I regret
that those compacts were entered into, but having
been made, and the Government having under-
taken this work—having persevered in it for more
than thirty years—it having received the sanction
of every Administration, from that of Mr. Jeffer-
son to the present, and of every department of
the Government—it becomes a grave question,
whether we can stop short'and now abandon it;
whether,after all that has been don", after the long
course of action on this subject for more than
thirty years, the nation is not in some sens;1 com-
mitted—is not in some way pledgi d to complete
this road? If it is, if this Government has yet
to build this road to the Mississippi, as the gen-
tleman from Kentucky seems to admit, it is not
perhaps very material whether the appropriations
are made in one year or in many years, if we have
the money to spare. This becomes only a ques-
tion as to time and convenience, and a wise econ-
omy in the expenditure of the money. If we
have yet to make this road, having now a large
surplus, (which is so alarming to some gentle-
men,) we mav perhaps as well appropriate what
can be profitably and advantageously expended.
The sooner we are done with this roan the better; I
it is time this Government was clear of it.            (
But the honorable Senator from Kentucky ap-
pears to have another object in view—to revive
his favorite system in another form, by the dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the public lands. Sir,
it is not surprising that that gentleman should feel
sensibly and deeply the loss of that system—a
system of which, and I presume correctly, he
has been called the patron: no doubt it was a fond
child of his; one which he cherished with pa-
rental solicitude during its brief and troubled ex-
istence; one on which he relied, and from which
he expected much. And since it has been taken
from him, it doubtless appears more interesting.
It is a principle of our nature, that when objects
dear to us are lost, they appear more lovely than
when we possessed them; and our affections are
.revived with more vividness and force. I have
«oyseli* had the melancholy experience of the
truth of this principle.
The regrets of the honorable Senator over his
fallen system are perfectly natural. I am not sur-
prised at them; but I think they will be unavail-
ing; I trust that system is something more than
suspended; it is, I hope, ended, and never to be
revived, either in its original shape or in any new
form or disguise. I hope never to see the day
when there will be such an enlargement and ex-
tension of the powers and patronage of this Gov-
ernment as that system is calculated to bring with
it. Sir, the accumulation of power here, in this
central, this engrossing, engulfing Government,
is sufficiently rapid and alarming, without giving
any new impetus to its natural tendencies.
The honorable Senator has informed us that he
wishes to see the blessings of this Government
reach the whole Union, and spread over the whole
and every part with an even hand. But what
does he regard as the blessings of this Govern-
ment? Is it the extension of its agency in the
construction of roads and canals within the States?
Is it the distribution among them of large sums
of money for these objects ? Sir, I hope never
to see the day When the States of this Union shall
i be encouraged and induced to look up to this
central power for money, whether to make their
roads and canals, or any other object. I hope the
day will never arrive, when the sovereign States
shall be reduced to a dependence on this Govern-
ment—when they shall become its pensioners, as
are now the surviving remnants of the glorious
army of the revolution. If these are the blessings
the gentleman alludes to, I hope we may be long
saved from them. Sooner than vote for such a
system, I would see this arm fall from its socket.
Would the gentleman have this Government like
that of France, where $40,000,000 are expended
annually by the Executive on the public roads,
and an immense patronage attending it? If the
States are taught to look to this Government for
means to construct roads, and to carry on their
works of internal improvement, they will soon
look here for means for other objects—for the
erection of their public buildings, for education,
and even for their ordinary current expenses.
Should such a system be established—a system
' of degradation ana dependence on the part of the
States; of a vast accumulation of power, patron-
age, and influence on the part of this Govern-
ment—it would work a revolution in that system.
I should despair of long preserving our liberties';
they would at once lose their freshness; a blight
would come over them, and decay, rapid decay,
would follow. Sir, the disbursement of the public
treasure is the essential element of Government
patronage; and the extent of the one depends
on the amount of the other; neither is it very
material how this money is paid out, whether to
public officers, to agents or contractors, or dis-
tributed among the States.                                  '
The swelling flood which is now flowing into
your Treasury, according to the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. PresTov,] and which he so
eloquently described the other day, would all be
wanted to keep up a system like this, and would
all go to extend the patronage of this Govern-
ment.
Sir, the real blessings of this Government are
diffused over the whole Union; they are diffused
equally in every State,and among the whole péo-
pfe.   All participate in them, and all share alike.
These blessings are the moral power and influence
of this Government; the protection and security
which it affords to all; the consciousness of thiá
security, and the peace and happiness which flow
from it.    This is the great and primary end of
all civil institutions.   It is the great moral agency
of this Government, and its influence on public
sentiment at home and abroad, which preserves
peace among the States and security against for-
eign Powers.   We have recently experienced the
importance of this security, whilst the danger of
a rupture with ft great nation impended o\cr us.
Had it not been for this system, what would have
been the situation of the States ?   Would they
have been able to have afforded protection, and
would the people have felt that security and com-
posure which they did?   These blessings are not
the less'to be prized because the power from
whence they flow is in a great measure unseen
and unfelt.   If the action of this Governmentwas
confined to its proper limits, it would be scarcely
seen 05 felt by the people.   Your tax-gatherers
do not go among them; they seldom see your
marshals or executive officers. This Government
acts on the great body of the people only by its
moral power and influence, and the blessings
which it confers may almost be compared to
those dispensed by Divine Providence; we enjoy,
we  realize them;  wo  feel  their influence, but
hardly know the source of the power whence ,
they flow; it is far removed, invisible, and felt
only in the blessings it diffuses over the Union, i
Mr. BENTON said the Government had been i
about thirty years—the life of a generation— I
engaged in this road, and still it had not reached
the Mississippi. Some of the superintendents, by
the smallness of the sums which they had applied
for, had seemed to consider their occupation asa
life estate, which it would be a pity to abridge.
He had often, and years ago, spoken to the chair-
man of the Committee on Roads and Canals [Mr.
Hendricks] to have these appropriations in-
creased, and the work carried forward more rap-
idly, as the same superintendent could overlook
large portions of the work; and now that large
appropriations were actually asked for, a motion
was made to reduce them—a motion which Mr. B.
hoped would not prevail. He wished all the pub-
lid works, which were overlooked by superin-
tendents at salaries, to go forward more rapidly;
the public interest would be benefited by it, though
the private interests of some of the superintend-
ents might not. Long and slow jobs might suit
them, as a long and moderate war is supposed to
have been the toast, and to have suited the in-
terests of a certain army chaplain during the Rev-
olution; a long war, that Ive might have his salary
continued; and moderate, that too many men
should not be killed for his remaining in office.
But quick work does best for the country, and
now that a good appropriation was asked for, he
trusted it would be granted.
Mr. B. said, this road resteá on compact, and
had received the sanction of every President, from
Mr. Jefferson to General Jackson; it had also
been supported by every majority that had ever
prevailed in either House of Congress; and,
therefore, should not be opposed now. It needed
bridges, especially overthe Wabash, and he hoped
they would not be denied. The same road, on
this side of the Ohio, had many noble bridges
erected on it, of which he would mention the one
on the Youghisgheny, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania; and life should be in favor of treating both
ends of the road alike.
It had been objected that the country between
the Great Wabash and the Mississippi was desti-
tute of stone, and would not furnish material for
covering the road. On' this point he had soma
information, as well as some personal knowledge.
The general character of the Country was that of
scarcity of stone quarries; but he had been in-
formed by Colonel McRee, one of the. commis- 
sionors for reconnoitering the country for its
location, that gravel pits abounded, which would
furnish a flint gravel, well adapted to the cover
of the road; and he had seen these pits near Vin-
cennes, in the famous swamp called Purgatory,
through which General Clark's men marched to
surprise the British post Vincennes, and the
character of which was indicated by its name.
The ground for many miles was a trembling
morass, in which men and horses often sunk,
and required help to get them out. Now a good
road is there; boughs from the trees being cut
and laid on the morass to form a bed for the
gravel, which was got from pita in the same
prairie which contained the swamp.
It was also objected to the continuation of the
road, that the point of striking the Mississippi
was not fiXed, and that Missouri and Illinois were
contending about it. That question (Mr. B. said)
could not become material until the road passed
Vandalia, and the present appropriations were to
carry it to Vandalia. The Senators from those
States, now on this floor, were not disposed to
balk the bill by a premature difficulty, and he
hoped nobody else would raise difficulties for
them, while they were in harmony, and disposed
to proceed amicably. Sufficient for the day is the
evil thereof. At present, they would work to-
gether to get the road to Vandalia, and after that
would settle the difficulty a  commodiously as
possible. AH they asked, at present, were good
appropriations for the road and the bridges, and
a speedy passage to the bill, that the season for
doing the work might not be passing by before
the work could begin.
Mr. DAVIS said, that as the motion was put,
he would vote for it; but he did not intend by
that vote to express any hostile purpose towards
the bill. No estimate was before them of the
cost of this road; but he had been informed an
estimate was made in a former year. A great
deal had been said in this discussion that reflected
