1S36.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
¿4th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
much light on the subject; but he would like to
Btc the estimate.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT.
SPEECH OF HON. H. HUBBARD,
Or NEW HAMPSHIRE,
Iv Sex ate, March 7, 1836.
The Memorial of the Society of Friends upon the subject
of the Abolition of Slavery in the District of Columbia, and
Iktptatianotto tAe projxr «tod* of disposing of it being
before the Sena —
Mr. HUBBARD said:
Mr. President: The Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Swift] who has just resumed his seat, has
informed the Senate that anti-slavery societies
within his own State—particularly within his
own immediate district—have greatly multiplied
since he left his home in November last. It may
be so. I presume the fact to be as stated by the
Senator; but whether these societies be few or
many, does not disturb my convictions; it is «tat-
ter of little concern to me. I cannot, for one, believe
that they can contain such a portion of the good,
the wise, the prudent men of any nonslavcholding
State, as to endanger the order and repose of the
community. There will be no occasion, Mr.
President, for the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Brows,] as he stated, to leave this
Capitol with any apprehensions that the moral
and intellectual power of New England is not
sufficient to correct, and to maintain correct, pub-
lic sentiment there upon this all-absorbing sub-
ject.
It is, sir, upon the moral principle, upon the
general intelligence of the North, that I place my
confiding reliance. It will prove abundantly suf-
ficient, unless I greatly mistake the signs of the
times, to put down excitement, ío redore Uonquil-
iity.
Vet, sir, I cannot, I will not say, that these '
things are not calculated to give alarm to southern
juen—the owners of slave property—those who
live in the midst of a slave community.   The
very statement of the Senator from Vermont does
not tend to calm their fears—to bring peace to
their troubled minds.    The daily occurrences—
the information coming to them from various sec-
tions—the events which have transpired since we
have assembled in this city—the very agitation of
this subject here, growing out of the proceedings
of our constituents, one and all, are calculated   '
more or less to disturb the confidence of the South
in the security of their rights.    This very morn- j
ing, Mr. President, I have received information
that the Presbyterian synod of Ohio has, by a ,|
majority of the presbytery, determined to shut •'
their pulpits and to close their churches against
preachers and professor* who are not the avowed ■
friends of abolition.    These passing events can-
not fail to produce a most unfavorable effect upon   '•
the owners of slave  property- in slaveholdlng ':
States.
In those sections everything is involved m the
issue and final determination of this question. :,
Their peace, their prosperity, their safety are put  |
in jeopardy by the movements of the Abolition- ;i
ists.    I am not, then, Mr. President, at all sur- ]
prised at the feeling, the alarm which some of our ¡
southern friends have manifested upon this sub-
ject.   Yet, sir, I can assure them that all will end
well—that their rights cannot in reality be endan-
gered through alt theinfluence which can be exerted
fry M tht force which the Abolitionists can com-
mand in all the free State*.   There is afl abiding
virtue among- the people which will come to the
rescue.  The sentiment of the North-i* sound
«pon this subject; and whenever occasion «hall
demand—whenever duty shall call for action, our
southern friends may rely upon the force of that
sentiment to put down all opposition.
Mr. President, the remarks of my honorable
colleague in relation to this matter, and which
mot with my entire approbation', seemed to ren-
der it unnecessary for me- to add anythiilg more;
and it was my intention to have given u silent
vote; but since this «abject has been under the
consideration of the Senate—since the question as
to the fit mode of disposing of this memorial has
been under discussion, I have received a petition
purporting to be signed by sundry persons resid-
ing in one of the interior towns in New Hamp-
shire, asking for the abolition of slavery in this
District; and, from this circumstance, I have
been induced, with all the attention, tfiiA all the
consideration which it xcas in my power to bestoto,
to examine this whole subject. I have endeav-
ored to examine it with candor and with fairness,
certainly with a mind free from any prejudice
against the petitioners. Although I have no ac-
quaintance with a single individual whose name
is affixed to this petition, yet I know they are a
portion of my constituents, and as such are en-
titled to my respectful consideration. Certainly
as such they have a right to demand at my hands
a deliberate examination of, and attention to,
their requests when communicated.
And, Mr. President, with a knowledge of the
relation which subsists between the representa-
tive arid the constituent, and of all the obligations
of duty growing out of that relation, I have fully
examined this subject, and have satisfied my own
mind what course I ought to pursue; how I ought
to treat this petition, and howl shall feel myself
bound to act with reference to the petition which
I hold in my hand, and which has been forwarded
to me from a portion of my constituents, and to
all others of a similar character. I cannot agree
to lend my aid in any way, directly or indirectly,
in furtherance of the object contemplated by the
petitioners. To abolish slavery in this District,
in my opinion, would be unjust, impolitic, inex-
Eedient, even if the measure itself were practíca-
le.    But, in my opinion, the object contemplated
would be found altogether impracticable.    What
I mean to say is this, that if you should be able
to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia by
a positive enactment,  you  would not thereby
emancipate those who are now held in bondage ,
in this District.    My position is, that we never ;
can by our legislation make the slave a free man, !
without the consent  of the owner, within the ',
limits of this ten miles square.    I shall endeavor (
to illustrate this position before I conclude my
remarks.    As I have brought my mind to the
conclusion that I ought not upon any principle
to grant the prayer of the petition of my con-
stituents, I muststate at length the considerations
which have induced that conclusion.    It is due
to them, it is due to myself, that the grounds
of my objection should be fully and explicitly
stated.
What is the prayer of the petition now before
us? What do these memorialists ask at our
hands? The following extract from the paper
itself clearly shows:
" That, having long felt deep sympathy with that portion
of the inhabitants of these United States which is held in
bondage, and having no doubt that the happiness and inter-
est , moral and pecuniary, of both master and «lave, and
our whole commonity would be greatly promoted if the in-
estimable right to liberty was extended equally to all:
" Vie therefore earnestly deiire that you wiH enact such
laws as will secure the right of freedom to every human
being residing within the constitiRtonaliurisdiction of Con-
gres , and prohibit .every species of traffic in the persons of
men, which is as inconsistent in principle and inhuman in
practice as the foreign slave trade."
In the petition committed to my charge, the
same leading ideas are advanced:
" They consider the toleration of slavery in the District
of Columbia as inconsistent with justice, humanity, and
Christianity."
And the petitioners ask,
" That Congress wilL without delay, psss a statute to
■ abolish, immediately, slavery in the District of Columbia:
v> declare every person coming into the District free."
S     The manifest object, the direct purpose, of all
| these petitioners is to emancipate theslavesi*-to
1 liberate those who are- held in bondage within
' this District.   The first inquiry is, can -this pur-
pose be accomplished ? Can this object be effected
by the legislative power of Congress?   In other
i words, will the abolition of slavery in this Dis-
; trict—will the destruction of the slave trade by an
«ct of Congress, make one Blave less in the coun-
! try? Myansweris—no;-you cannot, by destroy-
I ing that traffic in this District, destroy the relation
Í of master and slave; you will not, by abolishing
¡ slavery in this District, thereby diminish the num-
! ber of slaves, although you may possibly lessen
the number of masters. Admitting for argument,
that the toleration of slavery in this District is
inconsistent with justice; admitting that it is the
bounden duty of Congress to pass, without delay,
a statute to abolish slavery within its limits; ad-
mitting that the slave trade is opposed to every
feeling of humanity; yet, by doing all that the
petitioners ask, they will not thereby " secure the
ri?ht of freedom to every human being residing
within the constitutional jurisdiction of Con-
gress." Theywill still have occasion to "feel deep
sympathy for that portion of the inhabitants of tho
United States which is held in bondage." The
petitioners have not asked for any interference of
Congress with slavery, as it exists in the States.
They disclaim every intention of any such in-
terference. They do' not hesitate to deny to
Congress the constitutional power over this sub-
ject within the States.
If, then, the grounds which are assumed by the
petitioners for the abolition of slavery and of tho
slave trade within the District of Columbia be
true—if every consideration which they have sug-
gested be matter of fact—yet the object which they
have in view cannot be obtained, if all is done
which they require.
It would seem, from the zeal which charac-
terizes the proceedings of the Abolitionists, that
slavery in our country is confined to the District
of Columbia; that it exists in no other parts of
this Confederacy; that if slavery can be abolished
here, the slaves of our country become at once
freemen; that their involuntary servitude is at
once changed for the blessings of constitutional
liberty.
According to the official enumeration, the slaves
of our whole country amounted in the year 1790,
to697,697; in]800to896,849; in 1810to 1,191,364;
in 1820 to 1,538,064, in 1830 to 2,010,436. Be-
tween 1790 and 1830, this description of our popu-
lation has more than trebled.
The whole population of the country in 1790,
was 3,927,827; in 1830 it was 12,856,407; having
a little more than trebled within those periods.
And it appears that the increase of the slave pop-
ulation of our country has been nearly equal to
the increase of the free population within the same
periods.
In 1830 the slave population of the District of
Columbia was 6,050. The whole population of
the District was at that time 39,858, leaving a free
population of 33,808.
In 1810 the slave population of this District
was 5,395. The whole population of the District
was at that time 19,783, leaving a free population
ot 14,388 at that time. It follows from this state-
ment that, while the free population of this Dis-
trict has more than doubled, the slave population
has been only increased a few hundreds.
How has this been produced?   The general hv-
! crease through the' country of the slave popula'
tion has been equal to the increase of the free
pOjpulation within the same periods of time.
This effect has been in some degree produced
by the frequent agitation of this subject in other
sections of the Union—in the free States of this
i Confederacy. The reiterated applications to Con-
! gress for the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia has given to slave property here a
character of insecurity—a degree of uncertainty,
both ns it respects its tenure, continuance, and
durability, which must prevent its increase to any
great extent. Is A fcot'ojtws* «pfraWnt'tnat by
abolishing slaveryyouwill not emancipate th 
slaves of this District? Is it not also clear that
by the destruction of the *lave trade you can
produce no such, effect? We way compel, fef
our legislation, masters to sell their slaves; we
mav drive from this District those who are held
in bondage *o lew desimbfe seeuoas of tta«*£
public; we may change the pUee of traffic from
Alexandria to Richmond; but we shall not set
free one solitary individual now bound to servi-
tude; we shall not better the condition of the
slave. No; we shall make his condition -worse;
we shall rivet still stronger bis chains; we shall,
as it respects the present slave population of this
District, do an essential injury to them. By the
abolition of slavery here, we shall unavoidably,
but inevitably, coerce the slaves from then-
friends-from all those early associations which
