1836.J
APPENDIX TQ'THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*                                       169
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Hubiatd.
Senate
mere fact that they resided in a non-slaveholdwig
country' ¡such a sentiment illy tomports with
the maensmmitv, the lo\e of justice which has
uniformly characterized the South What would
have btt'n said, Mr. President, by our southern )
friends, \fwe ef the  \\>rtk had objected to those
who havi filled the highest office in the Republic
tor tortn out ot /oTty-aghi years of our constitu-
tional evidence, that tlity wire not entitled to
our support, to our confidence, because,forsooth,
tht) wire slaveholders, and hvtd in a slavehold-
111!; country ' I have it for them to give the
answer.
The question then put to the American people
was, •' Was the candidate qualified for the high
trust-" And, notwithstanding the evil fore-
bodings of some, the samo question will be re-
poatt d to the American people so long as the
Confedt racy shall exist Is the candidate honest,
capable, worth y of confidence' Upon the an-
swer to be given will depend his success, be his
residence   here it may—north or south of the
Potomac.
Mr. President, the sentiments of my own
State, the sentiments of all New England upon
the subject of slavery, in the abstract, are well
known. I do not, on this occasion, deem it
necessary to advert to them. I cannot regard it
as a matter of importance to make them the sub-
ject of discussion at this time. My purpose is
t > allay an excitement which has already become
fearfully dangerous. It is no object of mine to
add fuel to the flamo. It u the leading desire of
niv heait to bung back repose, to restore peace
to the troubled mind of the public. I would not
then, unnecessarily, bring before the Senate mat-
ters which are foreign from the subject imme-
diately claiming its consideration
Mr. President, I have said all that I have to say
upon the character of these petitions; the object
ot the Abolitionists; the entire inability on the
part of Congress to accomplish that object, even
if all is granted that they demand at our hands.
I have ottered all I have to offer upon the conse-
quences which would result from the adoption of
the measure demanded. I have stated the effects
it would produce upon the slave population, upon
the slaveholding States, and upon ourselves, the
inhabitants of the free States of the Union. One
question remains. How shall the Senate dispose
of this and of all similar memorials' The honor-
able Senator from South Carolina has moved, in
effect, "that this memorial be not received."
This he regards as the best course; as the one
more calculated than any other to check the course
of the Abolitionists; to do away—effectually to
destroy, this spirit of fanaticism. His general
object and my own are the same, and that is, to
silence this restless, meddlesome, interfering dis-
position , to induce the Abolitionists to be content,
to mind their own business, and let the business
of others alone But is the mode suggested by
the Senator from South Carolina the best mode
for accomplishing these objects? I think not.
What are the grounds upon which the Senator
rests his motion' First, that the Senate has no
jurisdiction of the subject matter.
I will not undertake to discuss the question as
to the right of Congress to legislate upon this
subject w íthin the District of Columbia- That
is not my purpose. It i  foreign from my object.
?io such discussion could have any profitable ten-
dency, no such discussion would tend to produce,
here or elsewhere—in the South or in tile North-*
harmony, confidence, submission. A directly
contrary effect would be the inevitable result of
debate and of action upon this proposition. Is
not the honorable Senator perfectly aware that
this is debatable ground' The petitioners them-
selves think differently. They believe thiasubject
is clearly within the jurisdiction of Congress;and
among the members of this Senate a difference of
opinion prevails upon this subject. It is perfectly
manifest that there does not exist among the
people of the country a union of sentiment on this
point. But even if the memorial contemplated an
objret which, in the opinion of this body, m-
fnnged the Constitution, it would be a want of
policy to refuse to receive it. On this ground,
then, the petition ought not to be kept out.
A second ¿round taken by the Senator why
this memorial should not be received was, that
its language is not íespectfui to a portion of tins
Union 1 admit most freely, that whenever peti-
tioners undertake to attack the integrity of this
body—whenever they presume to reproach the
Senate, it becomes our duty—the common pun-
ciple of self-pi eservation demands—that we should
at once refuse to receive such a memorial, whether
its object be constitutional or unconstitutional,
reasonable or unreasonable. But this is not that
case. The memorial speaks not of persons or
portions of the Union, only as connected with tlie
sub|ect-matteii; it uses no language reproachful
to this body; and I would not, on that ground,
refuse to receive it. A third ground taken by the
Senator is, that the memorial speaks of a griev-
ance with which the memorialists have no con-
cern; that they are not residents within the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and are in no way injured by
thq existence of slavery in the District. The
memorialists think otherwise, they believe that
this District is peculiarly under the jurisdiction
of Congress, that it is the seat of our national
Government, that the citizens from every por-
tion of the Confederacy resort here for the trans-
action ot their business; they know that slavery
exists here, they believe it to be their duty to
ask for its abolition within this ten miles square.
I would not, then, on this giound, refuse to
receive the petition.
What reasons should induce the Senate to re-
céis* this memorial '
First, a refusal would impair and abridge the
right of petition—an inherent, an inalienable
right, aright existing before the Confederation,
guarded and protectedby our Constitution. It ¿s
not my purpose to discuss at length the right of
the people to petition Congress for a redress of
what they regard as grievances. That right has
been fully considered and rnost ably sustained
by those who have preceded me in this debate.
It has been regarded, and justly regarded, as the
foundationof popular governments—governments
depending for their support on the virtue and jm-
telhgence of the people. This inherent, this in-
dependent right of the legitimate sovereigns of
our country, has been viewed as essentially
necessary to preserve in purity the true relation
between the representative and the constituent.
i I can add nothing to what has been offered upon
I this subject. I fully concur in the views which
have beep expressed upon this point by the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr _ Tali.madc.e.] But,
, sir, it is contended that this right of petitioning
would not be impaired—would not, in effect, be
abridged—by the adoption of the motion of the
honorable Senator from South Carolina.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Cutbbrr.t]
says that it is not proposed or contemplated to
pass any law inhibiting the right of the people to
petition Congress, and hence he argues that a
vote not to receive the petition cannot affect that
right. Can this be so ' Is it not an infringement
of the right of the people to refuse to take their
petition ' The people may assemble peaceably—
may discuss their grievances—m*y talk over the
grounds of their complaints. They may come to
the door of this Hall with their petition asking
relief. They mayhave it placed upon the table of
the Secretary. They may hava it read in the
hearing of this body, and although its language is
unexceptionable, yet the Senate by the exercise
of its power, will refuse to receive it, to place it
on our files. It may direct its officer to carry
back to the people their petition, and to say to
them, we cannot receive it. But would it be pos-
sibly to convince the American people that such a
course would be no abridgment of their right to
pettífon> Would.it be possible to satisfy the plain,
common-sense yeomanry of the country that it
would be no violation of their right for us to re-
fuse to receive from their hands their petition'
We cannot do it.
Say not to the people, if we would have peace
within our borders, that they shall not come up
here with then: complaints—that they shall not
ask their public servants to receive the expres-
sion of their will—that we, their representatives,
will turn a deaf ear to their addresses. No one
thing could be done more fiaught with danger.
Such a step would be more fatal to public order,
more destructive to public peace, than any other
step which we could take. Such a decision
would be most disastrous in its effects—w ould
add fuel to the flame—would multiply these
visionary fanatics—would enkindle a spirit which
all the prudence and power of the Government
could not control. I would.not, Mr. President,
refuse to receive this memorial. I would never
say to petitioners, we will turn a deaf ear to
your complaints—no matter whether well or ill-
founded—real or imaginary—feelingly or unfeel-
ingly described. It will never do to drive from
the doors of our legislative halls the sovereigns
of this land, it would be unjust, impolitic and
contrary to the spirit of our institutions.
The Senator fiom Louisiana says that there
is no essential difference between the motion
of the Senator from Carolina and the motion of
the Senator from Pennsylvania. Sir, there is a
very great difference, in principle and in practice.
The one motion seeks to keep out of the Senate
this memorial, while the other puts it into the
possession and under the control of this body.
Both of the Senators from Mississippi will vote,
as they say, fbr the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina, because it is the strongest meas-
ure. The strongest measure! Sir, what is the
strongest measure' Is it not that measure which
produces the strongest effect' Is it not that
measure which makes the greatest possible im-
pression upon the public mind' Is it not that
measure which tends more than any other to in-
fluence the human conduct'
Mr. President, I wish to vote for the strongest
measure. I wish to give such a direction to this
subject as will produce an abiding effect upon the
public mind—as will check this spirit of fanat-
icism, and willingly would I vote with the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina, did not his
motion, in my judgment, infringe that inherent,
that independent right of the people to petition
Congress for redress of grievances—could I re-
gard it as the strongest measure But, sir, it is
not so. The vote of the Senate last year declar-
ing that, in the then posture of our affaire with
France, " no legislation was necessary," the vote
of the House of Representatives, declaring " that
the terms of the treaty ought to be insisted on,"
were strong measures. They produced a strong
effect from tho unanimity which prevailed in both
branches, and the influence, the effect, the ím-
piession upon the public mind in relation to the
matter now before us would he greatly increased
by the united, combined, and Undivided vote of
the Senate.
The motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania
is, " That the prayer of the petition ought to be
rejected." And is not this the strongest possible
measure ' What do we say by agreeing to this
vote ' Your petitions Ire have received, we have
well considered your requests, we have weighed
the reasons for and the reasons against your ob-
ject; and we have come to the conclusion that we
cannot grant the prayer of your memorial; that
you ask what we cannot give; that considerations
of public policy, of justice, and of right have
convinced us that we ought not to lend our aid in
the accomplishment of your purpose. Would
not this be a strong measure ' and if it could be
sustained by the unanimous vote of this body,
would it not be the strongest possible measure?
Clearly so, sir.
Mr. President, the trme has arrived when there
must be something done, and done by its, the
representatives of the States and of the people,
upon this all-absorbing and difficult subject of
slavery. We are called upon by every consider-
ation of public policy and of public duty; we are
called upon as the constitutional guardians of the
rights of the people, to act^—to act promptly—to-
act «fliciently It will no longer do to remain
passive. Memorials, addresses, petitions, eome
from too many sources for us any longer to refuse
action upon them I am free to admit that there
is imminent danger involved in the principles and
in the practice of the Abolitionists; I am free to
admit that their course and their conduct merit
the severest reprehension; yet, sir, if we receive
their petitions; if we consider their subject-mat-
ter, if we vote to reject their prayer, I cannot
doubt that they will be deterred trom prosecuting
