170
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[March 11*
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
North Carolina Contested Election—Mr. Bynum.
Ho. of Reps.
further their purpose.   There are moments when I
delusion itself will lose its control over the mind; (
when morbid philanthropy will fail to stifle the
voi*-e of iiid^inent; when argument will produce
erteot;  when   right reason will  govern   human
conduct.
A portion of the Abolitionists are governed by
religious fanaticism, or pushed on by a love for
distinction. A much larger portion of them are
honest m their \ tews, but ignorant of the tendency
and effect of their movements. The latter class
are desirous of doing their duty, but by an undue
influence, and from a want of information, are
prevented. Bv adopting the motion of the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, -we cannot fail to satisfy
this chss that they are engaged, if not in an un-
liolv, in a most unjust crusade against the rights
of others.
Mr. President, I will close my remarks by giv-
ing to the Senate an extract from the proceedings
of a respectable meeting of my fellow-citirens in
my own immediate neighborhood. I offer it as
the best evidence of public sentiment and of pub-
he feeling in my native State:
" Much excitement has prevailed in this State
' in relation to the existence of slavery i  the
'southern portion of the Union. And, in the
'opinion of this convention, the Constitution of
' the United States reserves to the slaveholding
'-States the original right to the exclusive control
* of the servile portion of their population. And
' the present excitement in the northern States,
'got up by fanaticism and morbid philanthropy,
' and based upon an ignorance of the true condition
«of the slave, the character of the master, and
' of the relative rights and duties of the original
'members of the Confederacy, has boetv seized
' upon by wicked and corrupt men with a view to
'divide the Democracy of the North and South,
'and sever the union of the States: and, m our
' belief, the course of the Abolitionists, if per-
' sisted in, will lead to a dissolution of the Con-
'federacy."
!
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.  I
REMARKS OF HON. J. E. BYNUM,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,           I
March 11, 1836,                               |
On the motion of Mr. Spangler to reconsider
the vote whereby the motion to allow the peti-
tioner, Daniel ]Newland, to be heard by coun- |
sel was rejected.                                                      i
Mr. BYNUM said, before he proceeded to sub- |
mit any further remarks on the subject then be-
fore the House, he would move that the orders I
of the day be suspended, for the purpose of pro-
ceeding with action on the North Carolina con-
tested election.                                                             I
The SPEAKER said, that the time for its dis- ,
cnssion had not yet expired, and that the gentle- |
man might proceed to discuss it until the expira- ,
tion of the hour allotted to that subject.
Mr. BYNUM said, he would then beg the in-
dulgence of the House to submit a few remarks
to its consideration, in addition to what he had
before said, and in reply to what had fallen from
several honorable gentlemen who had opposed
the amendment which he had the honor to pro-
pose to the resolution of the gentleman from
New York.
• He was truly sorry that that amendment had
giver  birth to such a latitudinotts and protracted
discussion as had grown out of it. He had not
expected, when he first submitted the amendment,
that it would have met with any serious objec-
tion from ahy quarter of the House, and he re-
gretted to see it coming from the quarters that
it did.
The worthy and honorable member from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Hardisp,] he believed was the first to
make war on the amendment that he had offered,
and had, he thought, by his opposition, been in-
strumental in misleading the House in a degree.
That gentleman had said that the resolution of-
fered by the gentleman from New York was the
customary and ordinary motion that was made on
such occasions. In that, however, he would show
that the gentleman was totally mistaken. The
ordinary motion or resolution on such occasions
was exactly the reverse of what the gentleman
had stated. Mr. B. said he had not mo^ed his
amendment without the consultation of authority
or precedent. He liad referred to the whole his-
tory of contested elections in that House, and
there had not been a single case in which counsel
had been refused the petitioner when applied for.
The whole number of contested elections that had
taken place in it were forty-two, but for the
twelve last contested elections counst 1 had not
been asked; but, whe« applied for heretofore,
(said Mr. B.,) they had been granted in the fol-
lowing form, and not in thatas stated bv the hon-
orable gentleman from Kentucky, fie would
read from the Journals of the House, in the case
of the contested election from New Jersey, in
1780:
" Mr. Poney moved that Wednesday next be assigned
for the parties to appear and be heard by their counsel be-
fore the House, of which notice should be given, and that
the committee be discharged."
The next case took place in 1792. Jt was the
case from Georgia of Jackson vs. Wayne, which
he found in the following words:
"The 6tti of February was assigned by the House tor
the trial of the cause, but by tho agreement of the parties,
and on the application of the petitioner, it was postponed
to the 27th oí February, 1793. On that day, it wis further
continued by the Mtting member to the 10th of March, and
on winch day leave was griustea to tbe nttingmanber to be
lieard by lus cowucl at the bar of the Houscj"
The other case to which he had before referred
was from Virsrinia—the case of Moore w. Lewis.
Thiswas inl«04 "On the 1st of March, 1804,"
(says the Journal,) "the committee was dis-
' charged, and resolved that the memorialist and
' the sitting member, if they desired it, be heard
'by counsel before the bar of the House. Mr.
'Jones, the counsel of Major Lewis, then spoke
'in favor of his right to his seat." Since that
time (Mr. B. said) a practice had grown up, and
h.ad been generally acquiesced in, that had meas-
urably done away with the appearance of counsel
vira roce, but that the petitioners and sitting mem-
bers had been in the practice of submitting their
defense in writing, rn the shape of memorials,
and had had them printed, and laid oil the desk oT
every member of the House. The petitioner
could have done so now, but he had been in-
formed by his friends, it might be best for htm
to be heard by counsel, in conformity witli the
earlier practices of the House. Mr. B. said, in
the Senate of the United States there had been
but five contested elections since the organization
of the Government.
In 1793, there was a case from Pennsylvania of
Albert Gallatin, who was then the elected Sen-
ator. He found, in the Journal of that date, Feb-
ruary 20, the following account: " Mr. Livermore
' was of opinion that the sitting member should
' begin the debate, as the onus probandi lay with
' him. The counsi 1 for the petitioner, Mr. Lewis,
' rose. He hoped that he Would be permitted to
' say tt few words, in this early stage of the busi-
' ness, in regard to the manner of conducting it,"
&c. Of the four other cases that had occurred
no counsel had been in the Senate.
In the case of Lahman from Connecticut, leavp
had been granted that he be heard at the bar of
the Senate. He appeared, and spoke an hour or
more in His own behalf, who, he imagined, had
been a lawyer of some eminence. In the other
cases no motions had been made of the kind, and
there had been little contests about them. Mr.
B.said such had been the invariable usage of the
two branches of the American Congress. But,
sir,'(said he,) do not let us confine ourselves to
our Own body; let us not believe that we possess
all the wisdom and all the parliamentary learning
in the nation; let us not be too much intoxicated
with our own importance and self-sufficiency; let
us not shut our eyes to the motives and reasons
and practices that operate on and influence other
parliamentary bodies. Yes, sir, let us not feel
our power, and forget Tight, as the Senate of the
United States did in 1834.
[Here the Speaker shook his head, as though
hé was on the eve of calling Mr. B. to order.]
Mr. B. said he would make no allusions to the
present Senate: it was to the Senate of 1824.
(Mr. Boon said in 1834.) Mr. B. corrected him-
self, and said in 1834. That Senate, forgetful of
all that was right and just, and becoming them
as Senators, had presumed to try and condemn
the President of the United States by a foul and
ignominious charge, and which remained as yet
a blot of ineffable hue on the Journals of that
then frenzied and deluded body; and he would
intreat the House to take warning from the ex-
ample set by that unfortunate body, and not to
stain its Journal with a resolution or orders that
would bring down on the House the denuncia-
tions of every unprejudiced freeman in the coun-
try. But, sir,(said Mr. B.,) whatnre the feelings
and motives and reasons and actions that govern
the conduct of other legislative bodies? He
would here refer to what was at that very time
going on in an adjoining State.
" On the 7th of March,"—he read from a paper
that he hold in his hand, purporting to contain a
report of the proceedings of the Legislature of
Maryland, then in session,—" Mi. McLe\n pre-
' sentcd a communication from Samuel Harker,
' chairman of the committee of one of the bmncnes
' of the City Council of Baltimore, requesting
' the Legislature to postpone further action upon
' the report of the joint committee on the memo-
' rials of the sufferers by the late Baltimore nots,
' to afford an opportunity to the corporate author-
' ities of said city to produee and have examined
' before the committee testimony on their part,
' ami also to be heard by counsel.
Again: "Mr. Pratt submitted an order, which
' was adopted, directing the Clerk of the House
' to inform the corporate authorities of Baltimore
' that Thursday next has been assigned for hear-
' ing the counsel for the petitioners praying indem-
'mty; and also to inform them, that the joint
' committee on that subject will be instructed to
' hear any testimony which may be furnished
'antecedent to that day, or on the same day ex-
' «mined*; and on the same day the cotensel on their
' part v)ill be heard, if tkty desire it."
Such is the existing feelings, and sentiments,
and practice of an adjoining State, upon the sub-
ject of hearing counsel at the bar of their legisla-
tive bodies. He believed that the same practice
existed, and had prevailed to a certain extent in
almost every other State in the Union, at different
times; and he religiously believed that but one
feeling and one sentiment existed amongst tho
people on that subject; there were none who did
not think that they had a right to avail themselves
of counsel, before any tribunal whatever, when-
ever their rights or interests were assailed; a
right which they had not, nor ever would, relin-
quish while they retained the spirit of freemen.
But (said Mr. B.) why should we confine
ourselves to this country, when others, less de-
voted to those sacred rights of freemen, and lessr
regardful of the liberty and freedom of their in-
stitutions, have evinced the most unconquerable
attachment to this right of being heard, either in
person or by counsel. He had taken some pains
to recur to the practice of the British House of
Commons in contested elections, and had ascer-
tained, by an examination of the Journals of that
body, and had found there, that it had been the
almost invariable practice, since the first days of
"Magna Charta^" that counsel had never been de-
niedeventoiiBritish subject. He had found, as far
back as 1816, two reports of contested elections,
one of a Mr. Man, and another of a Mr. White-
lock, in both of which a motion was made for
them to be heard by counsel, and there was no
report of its having been objected to; the right
seemed to* have been acquiesced in by universal
consent. In fact, he had not found scarcely an
instance where an application for counsel had
been denied in even the Parliament of Great Brit-
ain. There had been but one which he had found,
and which he would exhibit to the House. It
was a case in relation to the election of Sir Robert
Walpole, that took place in 1711; the journals of
the House of Commons are as follows:
"On the 23d of February, 1711, a petition of the freemen
and free burghers of the borough of King's Lynn, in the
county of Norfolk, was presented to the House and read,
setting forth that Monday, the 11th of February last, being
