1836.}
APPENDIX "TO ttiÉ COÜGRÉSSIOtfAÍJ GLÓBE.
171
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
North Carolina Contested Election—Mr. Bijnum.
Ho. of Reps.
appointed lor choosing a member to serve in Parliament for
this borough, m the roo-n of Robert Walpole, Esq.. expelled
liie House. Samuel Taylor. Est;., was elected their burgess,
but Jolm Bags, present major oi tlie said bnrough, refused
to return the said Samuel Taylor, though required so to do,
mid returned «lie -md Robert Walpole, tliougli expelled this
House, and the.ii n prisoner m the Tower, and praying the
consideration of the House.
■• March S|h. The order of the day being read of taking
into consideration the merits of the petition of the freemen
mid free burghers of A't i 's Lynn, in the county of Norfolk,
and motion frtti  made that covnaei be called In, upon a
division, it was resolved in the 'ncgatier.' "
Such was the report of the contested election
referred to, and perhaps the proceedings of no
bodv had ever proved more fatal and disastrous
10 its authors, than did these proceedings prove
to the authors of that Parliament. What, sir,
had been its consequences? Sir Robert Walpole
had been reelected in the very teeth of the party
that had refused him fotmseí, and expelled him
from Parliament; and the conlest finally ter-
minated in the revolution of the criminal Parlia-
ment, and an entire overthrow of the party that
were sustaining measures so flagrant and incom-
patible with every principle of justice and lib-
erty; and the object of their vengeance was, soon
placed at the very head of his persecutors. By
such a system of persecution and injustice was
it that Sir Robert Walpole had been made the
Prime Minister of Great Britain, to the total
overthrow and discomfiture of his enemies.
That House should be aware, he thought, how
it left an order on its Journals, at that time,
that should require and justify a process of
expunging and purifying its records. There
was a striking ease of that kini that was held
up as a beacon to all posterity. It M'as the case
of the celebrated John Wilkes, that occurred in
the British Parliament on the 17th of February,
1769. lv that ..year it was that, the House
of ■•Commons 0^ Great Britain had "undertaken,
after passing many orders and .resolutions neg-
ative of the freedom and incomestible rights
of the subjects of Great Britain, did pass a
resolution, not only of expulsión of .the victim1,
of their resentment, but declaring kim incapable
of being elected to serve as a member in that
Parliament. Here the Parliament had taken
upon itself to investigate the qualifications and
character of one of its members, which had been
acquired before his election. And his honorable
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Grenmell] had
made a strong intimation that this House should
also take into consideration the qualification or
competence of the petitioner. For (said the gen-
tleman, if he understood him rightly) this House
was interested in the decision of this question;
it was not alone the people of the district of the
contesting member that were interested. He
was to become a member of Congress of the
whole nation, and the whole people of the country
were to be affected by his acceptance or rejection
from the floor of Congress. Sir, (said Mr. B.,)
do not such declarations involve the right of this
House to pass on the qualifications and compe-
tence of the contesting member and petitioner?
He thought the inference irresistible, and which
would place the House precisely in the condition
of that Parliament to which he had referred,
which had presumed to decide on the qualifica-
tion and incompetence of one of its members to.
take a seat in its body. That was a question
with which this House had nothing to do. Sir,
(he said,) I will read you the opinion of one of
the ablest and most distinguished men that Eng-
land has ever produced on that subject, and in
relation to the character and body of that Parlia-
ment. He hoped the House would pardon him
while he dwelt for some moments on this subject,
as he conceived it had a striking analogy to the
case then before them, as well as a strong re-
semblance to the proceedings of a certain other
body, which it might not be deemed proper for
him there to mention.
Sir, (said Mr. B.,) in a speech made in support
of the following motion submitted to the House
of Lords, in 1771, by the Duke of Richmond,
"that an humble address be presented to his
'Majesty, most dutifully and earnestly beseech-
'wg his Majesty, that,  under the late viola-
tions of the rights of electors of Great Britain,
' in the election for Middlesex, still unredressed,
'and, in the present conflict, which has soun-
' happily arisen between the chums of privilege
' of the House of Commons 011 one side, and
' those of magistracy on the other, his Majesty
' will, in his paternal wisdom, deign to open the
' way to compose this alarming warfare; and that
'in order to prevent the said House and nation
' from being involved in intemperate discussions
'of undefined powers, which, in the extreme,
'may endnngelr the Constitution, arid tend to
' shake the tranquillity of the kingdom, his Ma-
' jesty will be graciously pleased to recur to the
' recent sfnse of his people by dissolving, after
' the end of this session, the present Parliament,
'and calling, with convenient dispatch, a new
' Parliament." Chatham, in denouncing the ar-
bitrary conduct of that most slavishing and un-
princijded Parliament, in relation to their unwar-
rantable act in refusing to hear by counsel, or
otherwise, the individuals whose claims they had
passed on, in his clear, forcible, and drastic style,
is represented as having used towards them the
following bold, elegant, and cutting language.
The extract from his speech was in these words:
" The depraved system of government, which had in a
few > ears reduced U from a most flourishing, to a most
mi.-erable condition. lie warml) defended the magistrates
in the contentious discharge of their duty; that the House
in committing them to pri on,\viihoutItcúñnz, theirilefense
upon the points of privilege, had been guilty of a gross and
palpable act of tyranny; that they had heard the prosti-
tuted electors Of Shorcftam in defense of an agreement to
sell a borough by auction, and had refused to hear the Lord
Mayor of London in defense of tile laws of England ;
that their expunging by mere force the entry of the recog-
nizance, was the aet of a mob, not of a Parliament; that
it was solely to the measures of the Government, equally
violent «rid absurd, that Mr. Wilkes owed all his import-
ance;' that the King's Ministers, supported by the slavWj-
concurrence of the House of Commons, hartar once made
him a person of the greatest eonseq«ence in the kingdom;
that (hey, in ofToct, had runde him an alderman of London,
aBd'j*ftespntatjve of the counts' of MiddJeseit, and now,
it seems, they, intend to\ ma,fce. him sheriff, and in due
course Lard Mayor of London; the proceed ™ of, the
House of Commons in regard to that gentleman made the
very name of Parliament ridiculous; that to gave the name
and Institution of Parliaments from contempt, this House
of Commons must be dissolved."
Sir, such is the description given of that par-
liamentary body by the first man of his age, in
imitation to the proceedings of which is the re-
fusal of hearing the petitioner by counsel, at the
bar of this House; and such is the language of
a noble and patriotic Englishman denunciative
of the course of that body, who undertook to de-
cide on the qualification and competence of a
member of the English Parliament, as the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has intimated that
we should do on this occasion. Such was the
opinion of that great and illustrious man of that
Parliament that. had refused to hear- counsel in
the defense of even a subject of Great .Britain;
but to show that House in what light the whole
nation of Great Britain viewed this conduct of
their Parliament towards one of its subjects,
the people again returned the member that the
Parliament had expelled; and in the year 1782,
Mr. Wilkes, after several unsuccessful attempts,
again brought forward his motion to expunge
from their journals the disgraceful proceeding
that had been enacted by the former Parliament.
Mr. Wilkes, after having been interrupted by
the usher of the Black Rod, in bringing forward
his motion, is represented again to have ad-
dressed the House as follows;
" I return my thanks to the Black Rod tor so luekiry in-
terposing in favor of this House when I might possibly
have again tired them with the important, however stale,
case of the Middlesex election, which their patient ear has
for several years, with much good nature, suffered. I will
now make some return to their indulgence in profiting by
the circumstance of this happy interruption, and not saying
a word about, &c. I will not detain the House longer than
by observing the parliamentary form of desiring the Clerk
to read the resolution of the 17th February, 1769; which
having been complied with, he then moved that the entry
of the resolution of the ]7th of February, 1769,' that John
' Wilkes, Esq., having been in this session of Parliament
' expelled this House, was, and is, incapableof being elected
' a member to serve in the present Parliament, might be
'expunged from their Journals, it being subversive of the
1 rights of the whole body of the electors of this kingdom.'
This motion was, after some opposiuon from the late Mr.
Fox, then Secretary of State, and from tile late Lord Mel-
ville, then Lord Advocate for Scotland, the tbrmer of whom
had strenuously supported the whole of the resolutions
passed by the House of Commons in respect to the Middle-
sex election, carried on a division—ISO to 47, Mr. Wilkes,
as soon as the question was disused of, moyed ' that the
' declarations, 01 ders, and resolutions of the House, respect-
' ing his election for the count) of Middlesex asa void elec-
' tion, the due and legal election of Mr. Luttrell into Parlia-
' ment, for the said county, and his own incapacity to be '
1 elected a member to sene m the said Parliament, be ex-
'í<i i cá;' which motion was, for the reason above given,
'carried without a division.' "
Thus terminated (said Mr. B.) one of the most
extraordinary transactions of modern date. Not
only the condemnatory resolutions of Mr. Wilkes,
but every " declaration, order, and resolution" re-
specting it were effaced from the Journals of the
House of Commons by a vote without a division.
Yes, sir, this is the true history of the proceed-
ings of a legislative body that had refused to hear
a subject of Great Britain in defense of their
their rights, at which the spirit of Englishmen
revolted; and how can we. expect it to be toler-
ated in free America? It was against such ar-
bitrary acts that the whole nation uf Great Britain
was aroused as one man, and never slept norabated
until the foul stain upon the records of her his-
tory was wiped clean.
For the act which, we are now about to commit,
then, in derogation of the rights of one of our
citizens, we have no precedent, either in Great
Britain or in America; and let no man who, by
his vote, sanctioned this act, speak in future in
disapprobation of that high-ltanded measure that
has so recently taken place in another body to the
disgrace of .this nation, aiid in derogation of the.
most sacreí rights of this House. H,c most sin-,
ccrely believed the ,ac.t,,tlmt the House was about
to,commit was .equally repugnant to the rightr
of the citizen, and incompatible with the spirit,
and genius of the Constitution of our country,
as that recently committed by another body. Fie
could not perceive how any man could reconcile
it to himself to advocate the one and oppose the
other.
The precedents that he had referred to, both
in England and America, were in favor of the
greatest latitude being given to the hearing of the
prayers of petitioners, without objections to hear-
ing counsel, with but two exceptions, which
occurred in the Brilish Parliament, and which
afterwards met, as he had shown, with the signal
disapprobation of the English nation. As to tho
practice, then, of this body, the Senate, the Eng-
lish Parliament, and the different Legislatures of
the States, the whole weight of precedents was
in favor of granting counsel to the petitioner, as
he had.asked.     ,                                               .
Mr. B said, having gotten through with the
references to the long-standing practices of almost
every legislative body on the subject, he would
then call the attention of the House to some of the
grounds taken, and arguments assumed, by dif-
ferent gentlemen, who had stepped forward to
oppose the right which the petitioner had to be
heard at the bar of the House by counsel, and
could but confess that he had not been a little as-
tonished at the opposition that had been made to
what he conceived to be so reasonable an appli-
cation, coming, as part of it had, from a quarter
that it did. He was not at all surprised at the
opposition that had been made to it by the two
honorable members from Massachusetts;, the one
on his left [Mr. Reed] and the other on his right,
[Mr. Grennell.] From what he had seen, and
heard of elsewhere, the freedom of speech and the
rights of the citizen had but little to expect from
that quarter; it was not a source from which he
had been taught to expect much in favor of the
rights and privileges of the commonalty of the
freemen of this country. He had not, therefore,
been at all surprised, he repeated it, at the oppo-
sition from that quarter, to the extension or se-
curity of the rights and privileges of the hardy
yeomanry of this country.
