172
24th Cong....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Land Bill-^Surplus Revenue—Mr. Hill.
[March 17,
Senate.
The first gentleman from Massachusetts who '
had addressed the House in opposition to the |
amendment, [Mr. Reed,] had stated that it
would be an unnecessary consumption of the
time of the House to hear counsel Mr. B.
doubted very much if the time of the House
would not be greatly saved by the hearing of
the counsel of the parties, and then act on it
without the House mingling in the debate itself.
The members, by becoming advocates of the
different parties, might imbibe, imperceptibly, he
thought, feelings and interests that arose by the
excitement of the discussion, which rendered
them often, in his judgment, incompetent judges
of the matters and facts submitted to their con-
sideration. The same gentleman had said that
there were lawyers enough in the House to do
the parties justice. So he thought; but did
that gentleman think, amidst the multiplicity of
business in that House, that each lawyer was
going to take the pains to con over the various
statute laws of the State from which the election
was contested, to prepare himself, not only to
decide for himself, according to the requisitions
of the several statutes, but to enable himself to
to convince others, and to bring the House to a
just decision on the same subject? Such a pre-
sumption he thought fallacious in the extreme;
the fact, however possible, to him appeared most
improbable, that each member should so inform
himself.                                                                   l
Another gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Grennell] had said, that if it had been a case
in which the interest of a private individual alone
was concerned, it might, under certain circum-
stances, bo proper to grant counsel. In this the
honorable member from Pennsylvania had also
concurred; and much, too, to his astonishment,
ls that gentleman came from a quarter of the
country where the highest regard was professed
for the sacred rights of an American citizen.
The sternness of the Democracy of that State was
proverbial, and their devotion to the untrammeled
rights of freemen. Sir, upon that position I take
issue with both the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Grennell] and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Anthony.] I
contend that where the applicant has charge, not
only of his own interest, but of the interest of
many thousands, the increased magnitude of the
subject justifies the granting the privilege to be
heard by counsel by reasons far more cogent than j
it would in a case of a private claim, as contended i
for by the two honorable gentlemen. It, he said,
arose out of the very nature of things.
The petitioner might feel perfectly disposed to i
hazard his own claims on his own private efforts,
but he should certainly be more diffident in per-
iling the claims and interests of forty-seven
thousand four hundred souls, upon efforts in
which he was himself conscious of his own defi-
ciency. It did appear to him, therefore, that the
reasons were infinitely more forcible in favor of
granting the privilege to be heard by counsel in
the latter than in the former case, and that it was
due from the House to grant it; he could, by no
Erocess of reason that he was master of, bring
imself otherwise to believe. He had listened
with some patience to hear what could possibly
be advanced in opposition to a practice that had
existed so long, and that had never before been
denied to any free citizen of the Republic, but he
had listened in vain; for not an argument had
been advanced that could possibly have the least
weight with the most superficial understanding.
The difference that gentlemen had attempted to
make between a private grievance and a public
one was only the difference between " tweedle
dee and tweedle dum;" and was only calculated
to quiet their own mind for the commission of an
act of injustice, hitherto unprecedented in the
annals of this body.
But what, to him, appeared still more extraor-
dinary, if anything could possibly be so, was the
unofficious, disinterested declaration, no doubt,
of the honorable gentleman from New York, who
represented the minority of the committee, who
were opposed to the petitioner, and who had, on
every occasion, shown an uncompromising hos-
tility to his claims.   That gentleman  had been
kind enough to offer the petitioner his aid on that
floor, and with the honorable member from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Hardin,] thought the petitioner
would be safe in committing his interest in their
hands. He believed the two gentlemen from
Massachusetts [Messrs. Reed and Grennell]
had,in substance, said the same; allof whom most,
violently opposed the claims of the petitioner;
but they would see that his rights should be pro-
tected; that he should not want for the aid of
counsel. Sir, (said Mr. B.,) is not this monstrous?
Would it not be such care as the ¿ion would ex-
tend to the lamb ? They take into their hands
the protection of the rights of a political adver-
sary; they are to see that justice is to be done
the petitioner. Do they believe that the petitioner
is so much of a child as to place his reliance on
such support and protection? Surely these gen-
tlemen underrate much the good sense, not only
oí the petitioner, but of others, when they thus
speak.
Mr. B. said that he most cordially agroed with
the sentiments expressed the other day by his
honorable colleague, [Mr. A. H. Shepherd,] that
he felt deeply mortified that it was a citizen of
North Carolina that was to be made the first
victim of the arbitrary act of this House; he could
say, that he was not only mortified to witness the
illiberality and injustice done to one of the citi-
zens of a State which he had the honor to repre-
sent in part on that floor, but that he felt indig-
nant at it, and thought every member from that
State should resent it in the most prompt and de-
termined manner. He viewed it as an insult to
the State, and as a violation of one of the most
sacred rights of her citizens, against which every
man of spirit and resentment should protest in the
most solemn manner.
Mr. B. said it was not the violation of the
right of the petitioner alone, so much against
which he had contended, and of which bethought
of such magnitude to the country at large, but it
was against the principle, and the adoption of
such a precedent in that House, that might be
quoted in future time t  justify the most «tying
injustice towards an American citizen; bat for
that, he would not turn on his heels for the adop-
tion of the amendment that he had had the honor
to propose; but he did believe that it involved a
great principle directly at war with the spirit and
genius of constitutional liberty. The right of
being heard freely was coeval with the right of
trial under the law and the Constitution, and this
House should be the last place to abridge that
right. The freedom of speech was a right that he
believed was secured and held sacred under our
constitutional government, and the denial to hear
by counsel was, to him, an unquestionable abridg-
ment of that'freedom, as a case might occur
where one could not speak for himself.
He was sorry that so much time had been con-
sumed in the discussion of a mere preliminary
question. Had it not involved considerations,
which, to his mind, appeared of the greatest im-
portance, he would have contented himself by
giving a mere silent vote. He was in hopes,
however, that the House would see the injustice
to be inflicted on the petitioner, not only by the
refusal of counsel to him, but by the procrastina-
tion of a decision of this subject. The citizens
of that district were anxiously looking to the
termination of this contest, and he thought it due
to them, from the House, to ptit as speedy an
end to it as praticable.
Note.—The act of George III, that regulates
the mode of settling elections in the British House*
of Commons, to which allusions had been made
in the discussion of this question, and  which
fuaranties the right of the British subject to be
eard by counsel, is in the following words, as
contained in the 13th section, cap. 52:
"And he it also enacted, That if within one hour after the
time ftxed in pursuance of the above-recited acts, and of
this act, for callin  in the respective plrties, their coun-
sel or asenta, for the purpose of proceeding to the appoint-
ment of a select committee, the petitioner or petitioners, or
some one or more of them, who shall have signed any such
petition, shall notappcar by himself orthemselves, or by his
or their counsel or agent, the order for taking such petition
into such consideration shall thereupon be discharged and
such petition shall not be any further proceeded upon in
the manner directed in the above-reeited act, and in tins
act."
As late as the year 1818, January 28, may be
found the entry on the Journals of the House of
Commons of Great Britain, John Luthill, Esq.,
of the county and city of* Limerick, vs. John
Prendergrass:
" Memorandum in pursuance of the several acts made
for the regulating the trials of controverted elections, or
return of members to serve in Parliament. Thehke nouces,
as in former cases, were sent to the parties, with orders
for their attendance, by thernselvcs, their counsel, or agents,
at the time on which the said petition was ordered to be
taken into consideration."
The same practice has prevailed uniformly in
relation to other petitions of a private nature. In
the House of Commons, on the 19th of February,
1818, in the same Parliament, is to be, found the
following entry:
" A petition of several persons, owner  and occupiers of
and in the parish or Moltram Longdindale, in the county
of Chester—
" Ordered, That the said petition be referred to the com-
mittee on the hill, and that the petitioners be heard by
themselves, their counsel, or agents, upon their petition, if
they think fit."
On the 28th of February, 1818, " two petitions
' of the Right Honorable Nathaniel Curzon, Lord
' Searsdale, and of several persons, whose names
' are thereunto subscribed, were presented and
' read, and said petitions were ordered to be
' referred to the committee on the bill, and the
' petitioners are to be heard by their counsel or
' agents, upon their petitions, if they think fit."
THE LAND BILL—SURPLUS REVENUE.
SPEECH OF HON. ISAAC HILL,
OF KEW HAMPSHIRE,
In Senate, March 17, 1836,
On Mr. Clat's bill for distributing die Surplus
Fund among the  several   States, called the
Land Bill.
Mr. HILL said: Congress has now been in
session more than three months; the bill for the
distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the
public; lands was introduced during the first
month. A most fascinating argument was first
presented by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Clat] in favor of the bill, and the circulation of
this argument has been coextensive with the
limits of the Union. It was followed by an
elaborate report of the Committee on Public
Lands, embracing another elaborate report of a
former committee, five thousand copies of which
have been printed by order of the Senate. In
addition to this, the subject has been moved in
the Legislature of nearly every State which has
been in session during the past winter, in which
direct appeals to the interests of the several States
have been made. The sum to be divided has
been enormously magnified, embracing in a single
dividend the ordinary nominal receipts from the
lands of half a dozen years for the purpose of
making the appeal more forcible and more effect-
ual; for nearly three months the people of the
United States have had only an ex parte view of
this question; the argument in Congress has been
altogether one-sided. Whether itbe intended to
pass the bill, or only to hold it out to the people
as a gilded bait to tempt them away from the
support of those men who oppose it, it is high
time an examination óf both sides of this ques-
tion should be had before the public; and as the
reasons in favor of the bill are spread over much
ground, this must be my apology for occupying
a larger portion of time in discussing this sub-
ject than I could otherwise have wished.
When the bill appropriating the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands was before the Sen-
ate in January, 1833,1 then stated my objections
to it to be the following, viz:
That the distribution would have a demoral-
izing effect on the States and people who are the
recipients:
