133**^
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL iSLOtiE
173
•24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Land Bill—Surplus Ítevenltz—Mr. Hill.
' Senate.
Thst the tendency of such distribution would '!
be to reduce the State governments to abject de-
pendence on the Treasury of the nation:
That it created a necessity for raising, by tax-
ation on the consumption of the country, an equal
and even a greater amount than the sun  distrib- .
uted:
That it was bad policy to raise money for the
purpose simply of distributing it among those
who have originally contributed it; the expense
of collection and the use of the money collected
during the process being a dead loss:
That the true policy was a reduction of taxed
on imports, rather than to gather money from the
people to be distributed and expended on objects
of internal improvements and education from the
national Treasury:
That the distribution could not be equally ap-
Ídied in the several States, and would engender
ocal strife and scrambling in the several legisla-
tive bodies which should direct its application:
That projects for internal improvements would
be started in the several States involving expend-
itures greater than the-landfund would discharge,
creating a necessity for further taxation to supply
the deficiency:     •   . •     -                         •■               ,
That, applied either to purposes of education, ]
or to colonization in Africa of the black popula-
tion of this  country, the money could not be ]
equally or equitably appropriated:                          I
That a most decisive objection to the bill was
its inequality, giving to seven of the new States
nearly one third of the whole amount, while an
equal distribution would entitle the same States
to one sixth; and this, besides presenting to some
of the same States half a million of acres each,
together with other previous donations of lands
to all of the new States:
That the proportion which the distribution
gives to the old States would not amount to the
proportion paid into the Treasury by the same
States, and expended in purchasing titles to the
same lands, in annuities and other Indian ex-
penses, and in expenses for managing the public
domain:
That up to the time the bill was introduced the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands fell short
of the expense of purchase and management to
the amount of more than eleven nidlions of
dollars:
That the debt for which the public lands were
pledged—the debt of the Revolution—liad not by
those lands been discharged; that they ought
first to supply the place of money collected from
impost duties which had been applied to the dis-
charge of the national debt; and that they ought
further to be applied to pay millions of dollars
which the law had made necessary to be paid in \
years to come:
That the cessions by Virginia and Georgia to
the Union never contemplated that the lands re- j
served to the Union as a " common fund" should
be sold to fill the coffers of Massachusetts, Maine, I
and Connecticut; which latter States were already j
enjoying the proceeds of lands each of them had ¡
retained to itself:                                                        i
Finally, that the framers of the Constitution
never contemplated the distribution of the funds
of the nation, however raised, among the sev-
eral State governments.
It has become exceedingly fashionable of late
years for politicians of a certain cast to ride
some favorite hobbv. The internal improvement
hobby has been ricíden in either branch of Con-
gress until the animal had been absolutely broken
down! Appeals have been made to the avarice
of citizens in every section of the country where
votes were most wanted, by proffered appropria-
tions from the Treasury, until the gilded bait
would no longer be swallowed; and now the dis-
tribution of proceeds of the sales of the public
lands for a series of years—a retrospective dis-
tribution of the money which had already been
expended and paid out—comes up to take the
place of other projects which have failed either
to benefit the people, or to raise their authors to
tli" stations and consideration they have sought.
Thu3 far the projects of gentlemen have noto-
riously failed. The taxes on various imported
articl-s had been reduced; and so far from ruin-
ing the manufactures, as had been predicted, the
manufactures had flourished. The people had
been saved millions in taxation, in the cheapen-
ing of articles of consumption; and yet more
money was collected for the Treasury than was
wanted for the public expenditure. How sadly
had been the predictions of the enemies of this
Administration verified! If those enemies have
not succeeded in their predictions of distress and
ruin, may they not now obtain some credit by
surmounting the barriers of the Constitution,
and distributing to the four winds the treasure
which a prosperous and provident Administra-
tion has amassed?
I will present a summary statement which I
have procured at the Treasury, going to show,
not how much has been distributed to the States,
but how much has been saved in the pockets of
the consumers by the reduction of duties, which
the friends of this Administration have been able
to make in the tariff since the year 1829. I know-
there are gentlemen, who are not the friends of
the Administration, who claim to themselves the
compromise bill of 1833. But the blow against
a high tariff was struck, first by a reduction of
duties on coffee, cocoa, and molasses, made by
Congress in 1830, and a still further reduction on
coffee, on teas, and on salt, in 1831, followed up
by a more effectual blow in 1832, by which still
further reductions were made on some of the same
articles, and great reductions made on wool and
woolens, on the various manufactures of ttoiis,
silks, and linens, on sugars,on iron and its manu-
factures, on crockery and glass ware, on indigo;
and by which teas, coffee, almonds, currants, figs
and raisins, pepper, pimento, &c,were made duty
free. These several reductions were hard fought
in both Houses of Congress; the opposition gen-
erally was all on one side of the House, and the
several bills struggled through a long contest, on
the point of being defeated at many stages by
the interposition of propositions furthering some
sectional interest, by offering to sacrifice some
Other sectional interest.
"Well, sir, all these reductions, with the antici-
pation of more, djd not satisfy South Carolina.
She had made up her mind to nullify the laws,
and  to  break  up the  customs  altogether;  she
arrayed herself against the Government  of the
, Union.    Some of her principal men lashed her
population into a whirlwind of passion, which
could not be controlled.    They found affairs ap-
proaching a crisis which must involve their State
in bloodshed and civil war; they became alarmed;
they retraced their steps; they were glad to find
any pretextforescape.   Thecompromise—acom-
promise between two extremes—between those
i who had contended up to that moment that south-
ern agriculturists and northeri. manufacturers had
diametrically opposite interests, which nevercould
and never should be reconciled; a compromise
was effected, not so much to benefit any partic-
' ular interest as to relieve South Carolina from her
j unpleasant dilemma.    This compromise effected
no immediate important reduction of duties from
the act of the previous year; it reduced the duties
on some articles and raised them on others, while
it contemplated a still further prospective ruduc-
i tion of duties at a future time.
I voted for this compromise bill as I have voted
for every other bill for reducing duties that has
! come before Congress during the last four ses-
1 sions; but I voted for it with the disclaimer that
I did not consider myself, nor the people of my
', State, bound by the compromise.   In my place I
| then declared of this bill, *' that the reduction of
duties was not as rapid as the public sentiment
of my State called  for"—that " the people  of
New Hampshire, for their own sakes, wanted a
large reduction of the taxes on all articles which
they consume, when those taxes are no longer
needed for the support of the public expenses;"
and that " they would not allow their Senators or
Representatives to pledge the public faith that the
reduction shall not be more rapid."*
A reduction has been made, and events have
shown that even a greater reduction mighthave
been made without detriment to the pubíic.ínter-
est. This reduction has been effected in spite
of prejudice and of passion in favor of what was
* Gale  k Seaton's Debates, vol. 9, part I, page 103.
called the " American system." The reduction
has had the effect on the revenue of the last six
years exhibited in the following table:
Statement exhiliiting the amount of Duties which actually
accrued on Merchandise imported during the years 1829,
1830, 1831, 1832, 1833, and 1834, compared with an esti-
mated amount of Duties which would have accrued had the
tariff of 1828 been continued.
Year .
Which actu-
ally accrued.
Which would
have accrued
under the tar-
iff of 1828.
Amount of an-
nual   reduc-
tion,          i
1829.......
1830.......
18;¡3.......
$97,669,461 65
28,282,964 95
36,559,383 41
29,310,894 78
24,152,674 66
19,648,002 00
$27,662,461 65
28,468,441 64
49,288.108 72
36,615;401 06
43,942,264 69
43,517,757 60
$185,476 69
3,728,725 31
7,304,506 28
19,789,590 03
93,869.695 60

$54,817,993 91
By the change of duties about fifty-five millions
of dollars, eleven months a year, had been saved
to the people up to the expiration of the year
1834. Thirty millions, at least, might be added
fur the year 1835, making eighty millions of dol-
íala for the last six years, or an average of more
than thirteen millions of dollars in a year, and
twenty-five millions for each of the three last
years, saved in the pockets of the people by the
reduction of the tariff. The sum saved already
is nearly four times as much as the bill proposes
to distribute among the States; and the propor-
tions will be two millions of dollars to the State
,of New Hampshire, three millions of dollars to
Maine; four millions and a half to Massachusetts;
eight hundred thousand to Rhode Island; two
millions two hundred thousand to Connecticut;
and two millions one hundred thousand to Ver-
mont. ,
That a great degree of the prosperity wliich
pervades the whole country is due to the reduc-
tion of the tariff, is a proposition susceptible of
demonstration. Suppose, for instance, that the
single State of New Hampshire had. imposed
a direct tax upon its citizens to the amount of
$400,000 a year—the amount that has been
saved by the reduction of duties, and much less
: than the amount that will be hereafter saved—
would not the abstraction of that amount from
the pockets of her citizens, even though it should
go into her State Treasury, have been quite suf-
ficient to produce a general scarcity of money
among her farmers?
| As the case is, the money has been left in the
possession of the people. . And it is not simply
the amount of the reduction of dutes that has been
saved; it is the profits on the amount of duties
of factor, merchant, and retailer, that should-be
added to the amount of reduction of duties. On
teas, from 25 to 50 cents per pound; on coffee, 5
cents; on raisins, 4 cents; on mace, £1; on nut-
megs, GO cents; on pepper, 8 cents; on salt, 10
1 cents per bushel; on worsted stuffs, 27 g cents per
yard; ou linens, 27? cents; on .silks,. 22 to 36|
cents per yard; on blankets, 13 to 33| per cent.;
1 on India piece goods, 2C; on cottons, 2i; on iron
wood screws, 14 cents per pound; on lead, 12];
on indigo, 35; on Leghorn hats, 25 percent.; on
manufactures of steel and iron, 8 to 14 cents per
pound.
These aro some of the items coming into the
use of every family in the country for its sus-
tenance and comfort,' on which there has been a
saving; and those 'savings, to every prudent and
temperate man in the community, have contrib-
uted to make him better off; they have made the
hitherto extremely poor and the stmted to have
a sufficiency; and they have made the coffers of
the moderate in pecuniary means  to  overflow.
change that has taken place m the consumption
of ardent apirits, and the consequent incn.ased
industry of its producing population, has placed
the independent yeomanry of that State in a con-
dition that might be envied, even by those who
have been habituated to circumstances of moro
case in the higher walks of life,
by
Another material fact has been demonstrated
r the  reduction of the tariff, and this is, t'ial
t
