178
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 17,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
The Land Bill—Surplus Revenue—Mr. Hill.
Se
NATE.
Hoi v consisted in the ability to concentrate means,
to s amount obstarles natui il and ai'ificial, and,
bifon hw enenu was avine of the fact, to^be in
His, gl ii\ , after conqu ling
i-s ii iii\ \\t < ks'campaign,
]>,s pi  x, nu ready to give him battle, and finally
t-innitaul In it "that t n> mv with out   half lis
ow n nominil fneo
cm'i t 'i' i°1' 'lin
whiih o I n enm iois and kings had e«s\\ed in
Mil to r mquri in the c impugns of as muiy
s ice ss \> v us —his gl try was to bung to the
c i ' il ot Ti in . is th * ti iplntb ot his \ clot is,
t i most tehbivted «oiks of ait, and 11 fill the
coTl's of the public titasmv. Anotlui gnat
rrn, not a " militaiv chiLttam," may find his
«reates* notoi ict\ , not in bi ingmganythmg nt'n i
to the carat il or the public rollers, but m Utempt-
ip" to seize on the public Tieisurv as " spoils"
for distubution in the seveial Sua'cs, to be ip-
plied to the creation of a horde of igents who
shall min.ster to power, and become ns m ist si.b-
seivient nstiuments fiom that sheei ntcess ty
which thiows them on power as the most effect-
ual help to obtain their daily bicad.
The Senators fiom Kentucky and Ohio, [Mr
Clyy ard Mi Ewi\c,] tlie fiist of whom nur-
tures th s bill as h.s> own, and the othei feeds it
r  the child cf his adiption, aic doubtless mi-
pelled to urge its passage fiom the ciicumsUiiee
th^t it will cany into the tieasuues of thes^ two
States as the fiist dividend noaily two millions
and a half of dollars If they do not conclude
that the people of their States ought to consider
themselves indebted especially to them for that
amount, the natural infeience is that the boon to
the States will have been gained by them; or at
least the obvious effect of the bill, being defeated
by the votes of those who consider it unconstitu-
tional or impolitic, will be to induce all such as
regard possession of the money to be of more
value than either constitutional scruples or ques-
tions of expediency to become warm supporters
of its friends, and to repudiate and cast off all
who oppose it.
I would suggest a measure which, if the Sen-
ators, with the powerful influence they have had
over this body, would adopt and pursue to its
consummition, would entitle them to, if it did
not actually secure to them, a higher commenda-
tion from the people of their States than this
measuie of dividing the money in the Tieasury
among the States. We will suppose the present
Federal population of the two States of Kentucky
and Ohio, increasing as it is rapidly, to be two
millions of souls. By the pi ice current of Nash-
ville, Tennessee, I observe the wholesale price of
common brown sugar is twelve dolíais the hun-
dred pounds. If, by the repeal of the entire duty
on this article, its price could be reduced to eight
dollars the hundred pounds, supplying the place
of, because as little expensive as, other common
articles of sustenance, it would not be extrava-
gant tó suppose that the consumption of brown
sugar would reach to an average of twenty pounds
per head each year. One third of the puce re-
duced on twenty pounds of sugar would gain to
every man, woman, and child, eighty cents, and
would save to the two States in a single year the
sum of $1,600,000. Let the Senatois introduce
a bill repealing the duty on the single article of
sugar, and they will give cause to every citizen
of their States and of the United States to thank
them. A lepeal of this duty would annually
save to the people a much greater amount than
the States—not the people—will receive by the
present bill.
The rich planters of Louisiana might possibly
feel for a year or two the effect of an entire re-
peal of the duty; but so long as sugar bears two
thirds of its present price, the sugar business is
probably more lucrative to its owners than any
other agucultural business pursued in this coun-
try. Besides the reduction of price, increasing
the demand will enable the growers of sugar to
make equal profits from the greater quantity- It
is a fact that the manufacturers of cotton cloths,
although the price of the raw article be not re-
duced, make more money at the present price of
ten cents the yard than they did when the same
article of the same quality sold for twenty cents
the yard.
The first effect of the grand canal in New York
was to reduce, on the Atlantic sea-board, the price
of flour one dollar, and the price of pork two
dollirs pel barrel If the pioduocis of these
articles, who were affi cted by the reduction, had
complained to Congiess, would there not have
been as good icisan why the nation should hue
made up their loss as tin ic is that Congiess
should continue a scveie duty on sugai, not In
cuise the money is wanted in the Ti isuiy fn
national puiposis, but btcuise a few hundit d
gentium n of wealth want a bounty of two and
-i lulf cents on eveiy pound of sugu the y pro-
duce, to be paid from the haid ra nu gs ot men
and women who I iboi with then own hands'
I mention the single ai tide of sug u bee tuse it
is moie tangible and convenient thin anvotlur.
But tht Senatois need not confine themselves to
that aiticln if the money shall not be wantfd
foi the publ e service, this íeduction is not the
half, nor ev< n the fourth, that may be made
without essential injuiy to any manufacturing
oi pioducing interest whatevei. Every aiticle
cheapened by a reduction of duty encourages,
as well as cheapens, pioduction of that or some
othei article Every day's expeuence proves
that never did American inteiests encountei a
gi eater enemy than in the affected fuendship of
the authois of what was called the"Ameucan
system " Every dollar saved to an individual
by íeduction of his taxation will be of moie
benefit to that individual than every five dollars
voted into the treasury of his particular State.
The " pictorial representation" drawn by the
Senator from Ohio presents the country in quite
a different state fiom the gentleman's haggard
picture two years ago.    The patient, the " skin
and bones" of March, 1834, is now so full and
plethoric that Dr. Sangrado prescribes depletion
from profuse bleeding, and is anxious to draw
blood from every vain from the top of the head
to the end of the toes     He says it is physically
impossible to make  any impression  upon  the
Treasury by any appropriation you can make on
the woi ks of fortifications and defense.  You may
appropriate money, but it will not, cannot be ex-
pended'    This is truly a new state of things.
When was it ever before known that a nation had
so much  money that it was a greater curse than
a nation's utmost poverty'    There are many
hundred gentlemen, political friends of the Sena-
tor from Ohio, (political as well as civil engi-
neers,) who are looking with wistful eyes and
anxious heart to the surplus in the Treasury.
The head of the engineer corps, (Gratiot,) who
is aman of all administrations, and the bestfriend
of him who will vote most money for objects of
internal improvement; the head of this corps, i
whom the Senator has quoted as last year de-
monstrating that there was not a sufficient number
of his subalterns to spend the little amount that
has been heretofore appropriated, this year proves
it out and out that, even without an addition to
his corps, he can take care of at least five millions
of your surplus'    It was only a few days since
we were told that a large appropriation must be
made for the Cumberland road, (and the Senator
from Ohio voted for the highest amount proposed,)
because if that amount was not appropriated, the
, engineers must stand still while their expense was
l going on '    I will confess that I have not so much
I confidence in this engineering bureau as some
gentlemen have.    It appears to me that the cal-
culations of the bureau are generally based on the
wishes ofthe officer who wants employment, rather
than on the public interest.    If the object be to
increase the corps, we are told that the public in-
terest suffers for want of them, while there is
a little army of West Point gentlemen dancing j
attendance in this city.    If it be to induce Con-
gress to commence some new work, the cost of,
: that work is underestimated; and after twice as
much has been expended as was first called for,
still larger appropriations are called for, lest the
engineers should stand still for want of employ- |
ment'*    On the whole, I should consider the
public expenditures on works of any kind more
safe in the hands of practical men than in those
of young men just merging from West Point,
who have had no practice in the useful affairs of
life beyond what they have been there taught.
* See report of the Committee of Ways and Means in the
House of Representatives, No. 397, Twenty-Fourth Con-
gres , first session.                                                      I
All I wish to say in relation to the enoimous
amount of ten oi tifteen millions to be leieived
toi a sc ríes of ytais eveiy ycai from tlie siles of
the public kinds, which the Senator antit ípates,
would be, tint such anticipation furnishes tho
best aigumcnt in the woild foi the immediate ro-
ll iction of the tu\es on imports to the scale of
1792 Seven per cent duty will give a bcttt r
piottction to all inteiists than tliutv,fifty,oi one
bundled pei cent. Iheaiticle of silk, paying no
dutv. , was impoited into the country m the yt ai
M3, to_the amount of ¿,14,984,584, while only
fc-2b~,035 of fice bilks was evpoitcd dunng that
yeai The India and slw ing silks, paying duty,
impoittd duung the same time wtic valued at
<U,513,399, and of these $470,474 weieexpoi ted.
Now, if any branch of the cotton manufacture
had been made duty fiee, so that $15,000,000 m
that same manufacture had been imported, it is
my opinion that such reduction would not have
more injuriously affected the cotton manufac-
turing interest, than would the introduction of
£15,000,000 woith of silks free of duty. The
cotton growei must consider the extensive sub-
stitution of silks for cotton, resulting from one
being fiee of duty and the other subject to high
duty, as pecuhaily injurious to his interests.
The present flouuslung state of cotton glowing
and cotton manufactuung, under the great dis-
couragement which the introduction of silks fiee
of duty presents, must convince every manufac-
turing and producing man in the country, that
his interest has more to fear from a high than
from a moderate duty Of consequence, there
can be no objection to the immediate reduction
of taxation on imports to any amount that shall
not leave the Treasury bare.
The Senator says the money should be divided
because it will not be possible to procure laborers
to work upon the fortifications to the extent that
may be needed. If the money shall go to the
several State treasuries, the bill piovides that it
shall by the States be expended on internal im-
provements. Can the States find laborers where
the United States cannot find them ' If neither
can find them, will the money waste fasterin the
United States than in the State treasuries'
It seems, Mr. President, that we have arrived
at another crisis. We have had a "crisis" of
some soit, as often as once in every two years,
for the last quarter of a century. The Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] is alarmed
on account of the enormous amount of deposits
in the selected State banks, and the amount of
issues by those banks. 1 could wish that we
might have had a similar alarm sounded by that
gentleman years ago, when another single insti-
tution (the United States Bank) was making
greater issues than all the pet banks are together
at this time. If the money be not safe where it
is, I will go as far as he who goes furthest in
taking all proper measures not only to secure the
public money, but to prevent extraordinary issues
of paper by those banks. The Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] has said, truly, that
when agreatbank issues paper toa laigc amount,
all the little banks follow suit, and when the
great bank hauls up and contracts, all the little
banks are obliged to do the same thing. The
only way to correct the business of panic-making
by the banks is for the Legislatures, both State
and National, to take steps for the introduction
of a specie foundation in the place of the paper
circulation, which is as unstable and uncertain as
the wind. The great "paper crisis" anticipated
by the Senators who have spoken this day must
be met as every other crisis has been met, until
the mania for banking and paper currency gen-
erated by the gambling propensity of the Bank of
the United States shall be repressed by the pru-
dence of our Legislatures. Ceitain it is that the
f>resent distribution of the surplus money cannot
essen the chances of panic and pressure, or the
explosions of a paper curiency.
If it should be asked, what would I do with the
surplus in the Treasury, I would answer, that it
should not be expended in erecting roads, bridges,
or canals under the superintendence of incompe-
tent engineers and oveiseeis; it should not be ex-
pended to pay the raised compensation of oincera
ofthe Army or Navy, when in a time of almost
profound peace many of those officers are doing
