1S96.]
¿ft^NfriX TO Ttííí'CÓ^GRÉSStdNÁÍ: GLOtíÉ.
179
24th Con6....1st Sess.
The Land Bill—Surplus Revenue—Mr. Hill.
Senate.
no service; it should not be expended in erecting [
fortifications like those of the Rip Raps and the |
Pea Patch under former Administrations, where '
millions of money were thrown away, because
incompetent or dishonest agents were employed
to conduct the work; jt should not be expended
on an increased civil list, where the officers receive
more pay than their services are worth; it should
not be expended in manufacturing pieces of ord-
nance which would burst at the first trial of their
strength; it should not be expended in finishing
works that ought to be permanent with such
perishable materials as will scarcely last a single
year; it should not be expended to create an
army of officers, who shall remain idle because
they have no rank and file of soldiers to follow
them.
I would, of the present surplus, always keep
on hand some eight or ten millions of dollars, to
be used in any exigency; that sum, even though
it lie still in the Treasury, will better subserve
the public interest than to be expended on pro-
jects which have' neither true science nor expe-
rience to recommend them. I would, of the
remainder, expend every dollar that is necessary
to make permanent the works of defense at im-
portant points on the sea-board—to arm those
works, so that in case of a sudden emergency
their defense may be entered on at once. I would
take measures for the security of our naval sta-
tions; build more ships of war, if necessary;
build at least one steam vessel, carrying guns of
the heaviest caliber, as the most effectual means
of defense, in each of our important harbors; and
purchase and keep on hand all the material neces-
sary for ship building. I would erect an arsenal
in each considerable State that has none, and
continue to furnish rifles, guns, and bayonets for
the use of tbat " surest arm of our defense," the
militia. I would manufacture a sufficient quan-
tity of heavy artillery to supply every fort of the
country, so soon as competent science and skill
could be brought to the aid of such manufac-
ture.
Having taken measures to complete the defenses
of the country, and to enable the Government to
cause the American flag to be respected in every
clime, if a surplus still remained in the Treasury
I would bestow something on the purchasers of
the public domain, as a premium for a given
number of acres, brought into profitable cultiva-
tion, within a given daté from the day of pur-
chase. I would give a bounty to the agriculturist
who should furnish evidence of having raised for
exportation, either to a sister State or to a foreign
nation, a given quantity of sugar, of cotton, of
tobacco, of wheat and flour, of beef and pork, or
other material profitable to the.country as articles
for exportation; I would pay bounties on the
production of ironv or other minerals, including
salt and coal, which shall be exported; in like1
manner I would protect the various manufactures
that would be made for exportation. Further
reducing the duties on importation, such bounty
on exportation would have a most salutary effect
•n all the great interests of the country. With
a Treasury by no means redundant, the pockets
of the people would be full of money. Other
occupations than those tobe sought for under the
patronage of the Treasury, would be universally
preferred, because they would present more de-*
cided advantages. Instead of passing through1
the public coffers of either of the State* ot the
nation, where money can be of no more advant-
age to the people at large, than in the hands of
any wealthy individual, who^ makes use of it.
The people, being almost entirely relieved from
taxation, will flourish under that state of things,
presenting no waBU that cannot be immediately
gratified. Make such use of the surplus in the
Treasury m I have described, or even keep it
locked up where it now is; but I beseech Sen-
ators never to send any surplus money to the
treasuries of the several States, to whom it must
prove in fact, what the wise man has called it*—
"The root of all evil." .                                    .
The Secretary of the Treasury, an officer whose
ability is everywhere acknowledged—whose ap-
plication and perseverance in whatever he under-
takes is proverbial td all who know him—whose
answers to inquiries are as prompt as (the calls
nade trpoa him—whose knowledge of details was
never exceeded by any public officer of this Gov-
ernment; the Secretary of the Treasury has been
reproached, on the floor of the Senate, for having
anticipated, somewhat wide from the fact, the re-
ceipts into the Treasury during the last quarter of
the year ending December 31, 1835. Those re-
ceipts were by him estimated at $4,950,000, when,
in fact, they have turned out to be $11,149,000.
The report of the Committee on the Public Lands
also raps that officer over the knuckles for the
same alleged fault. The anticipation of the Sec-
retary was mere conjecture, and that conjecture
made at a time when he could avail himself of
no official information indicating the truth. It is
well known that the speculations in land during
the past year have exceeded all precedent. As
those speculations had been kept up to a great
extent during the first three quarters of the year,
and as there was a supposed ¿hange in the money
market, it was natural that the Secretary should
base his calculations on a lower estimate than
the ascertained amounts of the three first'quar-
ters. He judged as every man of sense would
judge; but he did not judge correctly; instead of
falling off, the spirit of speculation in lands in-
creased, and the receipts of the last quarter, for
lands, much exceeded any former quarter. So
an anticipated rupture with Prance forced into the
country, during that quarter, an unprecedented
amount of goods paying duties. From both
sources the amount received was double what
the most astute calculator would have fixed on.
Slight changes in events transpiring, or even in
public opinion, would have altered the state of
things entirely. No greater change in the spirit
of speculation than frequently faltes place in a
single week might have reduced the land receipts
seventy-five in the hundred dollars; and a knowl-
edge of the facts which have since been devel-
oped—a certainty that no war with France will
take1 place—would probably have lessened the
receipts of the customs at least one half.' Who
can calculate, with any certainty, within one half
of what will be the receipts Of the public lands'
for the year to come? Take the last year for a
standard, and we may conjecture either that the
amount will be doubled, or that it will not be so
great by one half; and events of a seemingly
trivial character may tend to one or the other
result.
Not more in error was the Secretary in his
anticipation of the revenue of the last quarter of
1835, than were gentlemen of this Senate two
years ago, in their anticipation of what was to
follow from the withdrawal of the deposits from
the Bank of the United States. Then, according
to gome gentlemen, the whole people were to be
overwhelmed in ruin, and the Treasury was to
be bankrupt. " The canals were to become a
solitude, and the lakes a desert Waste of waters."
The anticipations were not verified. lam heartily
glad that in both instances our fortune has been
turned to the brighter side. This may not always
be so—indeed fin the majority of cases, the tables
are turned a different way. This fact should
teach us to husband our present abundant re-
sources, that we may be duly and truly prepared,
when "the evil day shall come upop lis." f
think, however, the Senator' from Ohio [Mr.
Ewinc] was not more in, error in predicting ruin
two years ago than he is now in the confident*
anticipation that there will be a surplus of
$40,000,000 in the Treasury, durihg the_present
year.                                         ,            ~
But, Mr. President, the foore recent attack upon
the Secretary of the Treasury on this floor by
the Senator from South CaroIina^Jír. C¡ai<hqpnJ
demands a passing hoxice. That aliacjc, froni its
violence and its asperity of terms, preceded as it
was by assaults made at former sessions from the
same quarter, evinces ,that there might have
rankled somepérsonality in the bosom of the as-
sailant. " What secret griefs he has, alas! I
know not." Might it be that the Secretary would;
not embark in the same ship with the honorable
Senator in a controversy which terminated in the
dismissal of the first Cabinet of President Jack-
son ? Might it be that the Secretary, then aSen-
ator on this floor, refused to take his stand with
others who consummated their political ruin by'
serving the interesfef of a nUurelasoir nt frjhi.
JVeWd^-rtiM' thWtíy assistfil the' Cnléf
Magistrate to discharge his duty to the country?
Whatever the fact be, if common report be not a
liar, there has been no personal intercourse indi-
cating even a former acquaintance between the
honorable Senator and the Secretary since a cer-
tain correspondence between the President and
the Senator was first broached by the latter to
the Secretary.
But what is the crime with which the Secretary
of the Treasury is charged withal ? What is the
"head and front of his offending?" Is it that he
has deceived the people by his calculations, so
that the Treasury had become bankrupt, when
he informed them there might be a surplus ? Is
it that the public service has suffered by a want
of funds whenever and at whatever distant points
of the Union they might be wanted ? No, sir,
the Secretary has made a mistake last year, in
estimating, or rather guessing a year before hand,
the revenue from the customs to be the sum of
sixteen million of dollars, when in consequence
of accelerated imports from an anticipated rupture
with France, the revenue may have exceeded
that amount by the sum of two or three millions
during the year 1835; and in making the further
estimate of the receipts of public lands one year
beforehand, he guessed those receipts would be
three millions and a half of dollars, when they
have turned out to be more than three times that
amount. If the Secretary of the Treasury be
indeed verily guilty, either for making that esti-
mate short of the fact, or for estimating on the
1st of December, that the receipts for the last
quarter of the year 1835 would probably average
the amount of the three first quarters of the same
year, then let him that has madebetter and more
accurate calculations, cast the first stone.
The Senator from South Carolina says he pre-
dicted what would take place: I know not where
to find that prediction. I do find in a celebrated
report, purporting to be drawn up by the honor-
able Senator, (Senate document No. 108 of the
last session,) that he estimates or guesses the
" average annual receipts from the customs during
a series of years (including the year 1835) will be
equal to the sum of $16,370,000;" and that "it
is believed to be a safe estimate that the average
annual increase" from the public lands will be
$3,500,000! By this it would seem 'that the Sen-
ator himself, when he had all the benefits of the
official-returns fur one quarter's income moreihan
the Secretary, wast equally wide of the mark with
that_ officer in his calculations. The Senator
would yield probably to no man in Ameriqa the
palm of financial sagacity; and if he was deceived
as to the receipts of the year 1835, how can he
blame the Secretary of the Treasury for not an-
ticipating aright? The sober truth is, no human
being, on the first day of December, 1834, could
have anticipated the speculations of that year in
real estate, and the anxiety to grasp at the public
lands. None would have guessed on the 1st-of
December, 1835, before an Official return had been
made for any portion of the quarter at theTreas*
ury, when none or few lands were offered at pri-
vate sale, that more money would b'e taken irt
that quarter than in any two prior quarters of the
same year." Of consequence, rt is not surprising
that both the Senator from South Carolina and
the Secretary of the Treasury should have been
mistaken in their anticipations of the amount of
revenue fat the year 1835. If neither of them had
committed a worse* political sin than «tísf, neither
<?f them would deserve reprobation.   .  .
Turning back'to 'that'report of last year, the
famous report on executive patronage—turning
back to the charges therein made upon the present
Executive of4he United States of " great andex-f
travagant expenditures," of the "growing and
excessive patronage," which has " tended to sap
the foundation of our institutions—to throw a
cloud of uncertainty over the future, and to de-
grade andcorrupt the public morals,' I am forced
into reflections that otherwise would have been
avoided.                                         . ,
In the first place, it strikes me from a recent
cursory perusal of that report, that a false esti-
mate was held out to the people, of the future
receipts of the Treasury, and the future surplus
to be divided, hy omitting entirely in the calcu-
lation ihe reduction of more than Pivjt muxions.
op dollars in that revenue which would take
