1836.]
APtoBfctHfc TO THE CfOÑOltÉSfelONAi: GfLOBÉ.
183
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia*—Mr. Budhanan.
SfefÍATE.
the courts of the United States, by express enact-
ment, any power over the question of libel, I '
thought it monstrous that a judge, without the i
intervention of a jury, under highly excited l
feelings, should be permitted to try and to punish
libels committed against himself, according to his
will and pleasure. My apprehensions were of
but short duration. A few days after the acquittal
of this judge, the Senate, without one dissenting
voice, passed a bill, not to create a new law, but
declaratory of what the old law, or rather what the
Constitution was, under which no Federal judge
will ever again dare to punish a libel as a con-
tempt. The constitutional provision in favor of
the liberty of the press was thus redeemed from
judicial construction.
Now, sir, we must all admit that libels of the
grossest character are daily published against the
Senate and its individual members. Suppose an
attempt should be made to bring one of these
libelers before us, and to punish nim for a con-
tempt, would the gentleman from South Carolina
contend that we might do so without violating the
Constitution, and that we might convict him and
sentencehim to imprisonment because such a con-
viction and sentence would not be the passage of
a law abridging the freedom of the press? The
gentleman's excited feelings upon the subject of
abolition have led his judgment astray. No con-
struction can be correct which would lead to such
palpable absurdities.
The very language of this amendment itself
contains the strongest recognition of the right of
petition. In the clearest terms, it presupposes its
existence. How can you abridge a right which
has no previous existence? On this question, I
deem the argument of my friend from Georgia
[Mr.KisG] conclusive. The amendment assumes
that the people have the right to petition for the
redress of grievances, and places it beyond the
power of Congress to touch this sacred right.
The truth is, that the authors of the amendment
believed this to be a Government of such tremen- ¡
dous power, that it was necessary, in express
terms, to withdraw from its grasp their most
essential rights. The right of every citizen to
worship his God according to the dictates of his
own conscience; his right freely to speak and
freely to print and publish his thoughts to the
world; and his right to petition the Government
for a redress of grievances, are placed entirely
beyond the control of the Congress of the United
States, or either of its branches. There may they
ever remain! These fundamental principles of
liberty are companions. They rest upon the
same foundation. They must stand or must fall
together. They will be maintained so long as
American liberty shall endure.
The next argument advanced by the gentleman
is, that we are not bound to receive this petition,
because to grant its prayer would be unconstitu-
tional. In tliis argument I shall not touch the
question whether Congress possess the power to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia or not.
Suppose they do not, can the gentleman maintain
the position that we are authorized by the Con-
stitution to refuse to receive a petition from the
people, because we may deem the object of it
unconstitutional? Whence is any such restric-
tion of the right of petition derived? Who gave
it to us? Is it to be found in the Constitution?
The people are not constitutional lawyers; but
they feel oppression, and know when they are
aggrieved. They present their complaints to us
in the form of a petition. I ask, by what au-
thority can we refuse to receive it? They have
a right to spread their wishes and their wants
before us, and to ask for redress. We are bound
respectfully to consider their request; and the
best answer which we can give them is, that they
have not conferred upon us the power, under the
Constitution of the United States, to grant them
the relief which they desire. On any other prin-
ciple we may first decide that we have no power
over a particular subject, and then refuse to hear
the petitions of the people in relation to it. We
would thus place the constitutional right of our
constituents to petition at the mercy of our own
discretion.
Again, sir, we possess the power of originating
amendments to the Constitution. Although,
therefore, we may not be able to grant the peti-
tioners relief, such' a petition may induce us to
exercise this power, and to ask for a new grant
of authority from the States.
The gentleman's third proposition was, that we
are notbound to receive this petition, because it
is no grievance to the citizens of any of the States,
that slavery exists in this District. But who are
to be the judges, in the first instance, whether the
people are aggrieved or not? Is it those who
suffer, or fancy they suffer, or the Senate ? If we
are to decide when they ought to feel aggrieved
and when they ought to be satisfied, if the tri-
bunal to whom their petitions are addressed may
refuse to receive them, because, in their opinion,
there was no just cause of complaint, the right
of petition is destroyed. It would be but a poor
answer to their petitions to tell them they ought
not to have felt aggrieved, that they are mistaken,
and that, therefore, their complaints would not
be received by their servants.
I may be asked, is there no case in which I
would Be willing to refuse to receive a petition ?
I answer that it must be a very strong oYie indeed
to justify such a refusal. There is one exception,
however, which results from the very nature of
the right itself. Neither the body addressed nor
any of its members must be insulted, under the
pretext of exercising this right. It must not be
perverted from its purpose, and be made the in-
strument of degrading the body to which the
petition is addressed. Such a petition would be
in fraud of the right itself, and the necessary
Eower of self-protection and self-preservation in-
erent in every legislative body confers upon it
the authority of defending itself against direct
insults presented in this or any other form. Be-
yond this exception I would not go; and it is
solely for the purpose of self-protection, in my
opinion, that the rules of the Senate enable any
of its members to raise the question, whether a
petition shall be received or not. If the rule has
any other object in view, it is a violation of the
Constitution.
I would confine this exception within the nar-
rowest limits. The acts or the body addressed
may be freely canvassed by the people, and they
may be shown to be unjust or unconstitutional.
These may be the very reasons why the petition
is presented. " To speak his mind is every free-
man's right." They may, and they ought, to
express themselves with that manly independ-
ence which belongs lo American citizens. To
exclude their petition, it must appear palpable
that an insult to the body was intended, and not
a redress of grievances.
Extreme cases have been put by the Senator
from South Carolina. Ridiculous or extravagant
petitions may be presented; though I should
think that scarcely a sane man could be found in
this country who would ask Congress to abolish
slavery in the State of Georgia. In such a case
I would receive the petition, and consign it at
once to that merited contempt which it would
deserve. The Constitution secures the right of
being heard by petition to every citizen; and I
would not abridge it because he happened to be
a fool.
The proposition is almost too plain for argu-
ment, that if the people have a constitutional
right to petition, a corresponding duty is im-
posed upon us to receive their petitions. From
the very nature of things, rights and duties are
reciprocal. The human mind cannot conceive
of the one without the other. They are relative
terms. If the people have a right to command,
it is the duty of their servants to obey. If I
have a right to a sum of money, it is the duty
of my debtor to pay it to me. If the people have
a right to petition their representatives, it is our
duty to receive their petition.
This question was solemnly determined by the
Senate more than thirty years ago. Neither
before nor since that time, so far as I can learn,
has the general right of petition ever been called
in question, until the motion now under consid-
eration was made by the Senator from South
Carolina. Of course I do not speak of cases
embraced within the exception winch I have just
stated. No Senator has ever contended that this
is one of them. To prove my position, 1 shall
read an extract from our Journal. On Monday,
the 21st of January, 1805, " Mr. Logan presented
'a petition, signed Thomas Morris, clerk, in
' behalf of the meeting of the representatives of
• the people called Clunkers, in Pennsylvania,
•New Jersey, &c, stating that the petitioners,
' from a sense of religious duty, had again come
• forward to plead the cause of their oppressed
• and degraded fellow men of the Afiican race;
'and, on the question, «Shall this petition be
« received ?' it passed in the affirmative—yeas 19,
« nays 9.
" The yeas and nays being required by one
' fifth of the Senators present—those who voted
■ in the affirmative are:
" Messrs. Adams, (Massachusetts,) Bayard,
'(Delaware,) Brown, (Kentucky,)Condict,(New
« Jersey,) Franklin, (North Carolina,) Hilhouse,
' (Connecticut,^ Howland, (Rhode Island,) Lo-
' (New Hampshire,) Smith, (Ohio,) Smith, (Ver-
• mont,) Stone, (North Carolina,) Sumpter,
' (South Carolina,) White, (Delaware,) Worth-
1 ington, (Ohio.)
" And those who voted in the negative are:
" Messrs. Anderson, (Tennessee,) Baldwin,
' (Georgia,) Bradley, (Vermont,) Cocke, (Teh-
• nessee,) Jackson,(Georgia,)Moore, (Virginia,)
' Smith, (Maryland,) Smith, (New York,) and
' Wright, (Maryland.)
" So the petition was read."
The Senate will perceive that I have added to
the names of the members of the Senate that of
the States which they each Represented. The
Senator from South Carolina will see that among
those who, upon this occasion, sustained the right
of petition, there is found the name of General
Sumpter, his distinguished predecessor. I wish
him, also, to observe that but seven Senators
from the slaveholding States voted against re-
ceiving the petition; although it was of a char-
acter well calculated to excite their hostile and
jealous feelings.
The present, sir, is a real controversy between
liberty and power. In my humble judgment, it
is far the most important question which has been
before the Senate since I have had the hdnor of
occupying- a seat in Üúé body. It is a contest
between those, however unintentionally, who de-
sire to abridge the right,of the people in asking
their servants for ,a redresá of grievances, and
those who desire to leave it as the Constitution
left it free as the air. Petitions ought ever to
find their1 way into the Senate without impedi-
ment; and I trust' that the decision upon this
question will result in the establishment of one
of the dearest rights which a free people can
enjoy.
Now, sir, why should the Senator from South
Carolina urge the motion which he has made? I
wish I could persuade him to withdraw it. We
of the North honestly believe, and I feel confident
he will not doubt our sincerity,.that we cannot
vote for his motion without violating our duty
to God nnd to the country—without disregarding
the oath which we have sworn to support the
Constitution.
This is not the condition of those who ad vocat 
his motion. It is not pretended that the Consti-
tution imposes any obligation upon them to vote
for this motion, With them it is a question of
mere expediency; with us, qne of constitutional
duty. Í ask gentlemen of iho South, for their
own sake, as well as for that of their friends irt
the North, to vote against this motion. It will
place us all in a false position, where neither
their sentiments nor ours will be properly under-
stood.                 V      .                             .         *
The people of the North are justly jealous of
their rights and liberties. Among these, they
hold the right of petition to be one of the most
"sacred character, I would say to the gentlemen
of the South, why, then, will you array your-
selves, without any necessity, against this right?
You believe that we are much divided on the
question of abolition; why, then, will you intro-
duce another element of discord among us, which
may do your cause much harm, and which cannot
possibly do it any good ? When you possess an
impregnable fortress, if you will defend it, why
take shelter in an outwork, where defeat is cer-
tain?    Why select the very weakest position,
