1&4
APPEJYPIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
one on which you yourselves will present a
divided front to the enemy, when it is in your
power to choose one on which you and us can
all unite? You will thus afford an opportunity
to the Abolitionists at the North to form a false
issue with your friends. You place us in such a
condition that we cannot defend you without in-
fringing the sacred right of petition. Do you not
perceive that the question of abolition may thus
be indissolubly connected, in public estimation,
with a cause which we can never abandon? If
the Abolitionists themselves had been consulted,
I will venture to assert they ought to have ad-
vised the very course which has been adopted by
their greatest enemies.
The vote upon this unfortunate motion may do
almost equal harm in the South. It may produce
an impression there that we who will vote against
the motion are not friendly to the protection of
their constitutional rights. It may arouse jealousy
and suspicion where norfe ought to exist; and
may thus magnify a danger which has already
L been greatly exaggerated. In defending any great
'cause it is always disastrous to take a position
t which cannot be maintained. Your forces thus
become scattered and inefficient; and the enemy
may obtain possession of the citadel whilst you
are vainly attempting to defend an outpost. \
am sorry, indeed, that this motion has been made.
I shall now proceed to defend my own motion
from the attacks which hare been made upon it.
It has been equally opposed by both extremes. I
have not found, upon the present occasion, the
maxim to be true, that " in medio tutissimus ibis."
The Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Porter,] and
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,]
seem both to believe that little, if any difference
exists between the refusal to receive a petition,
and the rejection of its prayer after it has been
received. Indeed, the gentleman from Louisiana,
who I am happy to call my friend, says he can
see no difference at all between these motions. At
the moment I heard this remark, I was inclined
to believe that it proceeded from that confusion
of ideas which sometimes exist in the clearest
heads of that country from which he derives his
origin, and from which I am myself proud to be
descended. "What, sir, no difference between
refusing to receive a request at all, and actually
receiving it and considering it respectfully, and
afterwards deciding, without delay, that it is not
in your power to grant it! There is no man in
the country acquainted with the meaning of the
plainest words in the English language, who will
not recognize the distinction in a moment. If a
constituent of that gentleman should present to
him a written request, and he should tell him to
go about his business, and take his paper with
him,that he would not have anything to do with
him or it: this would be to refuse to receive the
petition. On the other hand, if the gentleman
should receive this written request of his con-
stituent, read it over carefully and respectfully,
and file it away among his papers, but, finding it
was of an unreasonable or dangerous character,
he should inform him, without taking further
time to reflect upon it, that the case was a plain
one, and that he could not, consistently with what
he believed tobe his duty,grant the request: this
would be to reject the prayer of the petition.
There is as much difference between the two
cases, as there would be between kicking a man
down stairs who attempted to enter your house,
and receiving him politely, examining his re-
quest, and then refusing to comply with it.
It has been suggested that the most proper
course would be to refer this petition to a com-
mittee. What possible good can result from re-
ferring it ? Is there a Senator on this floor who
has not long since determined whether he will
vote to abolish slavery in this District or not ?
Does any gentleman require the report of a com-
mittee, in order to enable him to decide this
question?   Not one.
By granting the prayer of this memorial, as I
observed on a former occasion, you would estab-
lish a magazine of gunpowder here, from which
trains might be laid into the surrounding States,
which would produce fearful explosions. In the
very heart of the slaveholding States themselves
you would erect an impregnable citadel from
whence the Abolitionists might securely spread
throughout these States—by circulating their in-
cendiary pamphletsand pictures—the seeds ofdis-
union, insurrection, and servile war. You would
thus take advantage of the generous confidence
of Virginia and Maryland in ceding to you this
District, without expressly forbidding Congress
to abolish slavery here whilst it exists within
their limits. No man can for one moment sup-
pose that they would have made this cession
upon any other terms, had they imagined t-hat a
necessity could ever exist for such a restriction.
Whatever may be my opinion of the power of
Congress, under the Constitution, to interfere
with this question, about which at present, I say
nothing, I shall as steadily and as sternly oppose
its exercise as if I believed no such power to
exist.
In making the motion now before the Senate,
I intended to adopt as strong a measure as I
could consistently with the right of petition and
a proper respect for the petitioners. I am the
last man in the world who would intentionally
treat these respectable constituents of my own
with disrespect. I know them well, and prize
them highly. On a former occasion I did ample
justice to their character. I deny that they are
Abolitionists. I cannot, however, conceive how
any person could have supposed that it was dis-
respectful to them to refuse to grant their prayur
in the first instance, and not disrespectful to re-
fuse to grant it after their memorial had been
referred to a committee. In the first case their
memorial will be received by the Senate, and will
be filed among the records of the country. That
it has already been the subject of sufficient delib-
eration and debate; that it has already occupied a
due portion of the time of the Senate, cannot be
doubted or denied. Every one acquainted with
the proceedings of courts of justice must know
that often, very often, when petitions are pre-
sented to them, the request is refused without
any delay. This is always done in a plain case
by a competent judge. And yet who ever heard
that this was treating the petitioner with disre-
spect? In order to be respectful to these memo-
rialists, must we go through the unmeaning form,
in this case, of referring the memorial to a com-
mittee, and pretending to deliberate when we are
now all fully prepared to decide?
I repeat, too, that I intended to make as strong
a motion in this case as the circumstances would
justify. It is necessary that we should use every
constitutional effort to suppress the agitation
which now disturbs the land. This is necessary,
as much for the happiness and future prospects
of the slave as for the security of the master.
Before this storm began to rage, the laws in regard
to slaves had been greatly ameliorated by the
slaveholding States; they enjoyed many privileges
which were unknown in former times. In some
of the slave States prospective and gradual eman-
cipation was publicly and seriously discussed.
But now, thanks to the efforts of the Abolitionists,
the slaves have been deprived of these privileges:
and whilst the integrity of the Union is endan-
gered, their prospect of final emancipation is
delayed to an indefinite period. To leave this
question where the Constitution has left it, to the
slaveholding States themselves, is equally dictated
by a humane regard for the slaves as well as for
their masters.
There are other objections to the reference of
this memorial to a committee which must, I think,
be conclusive. I ask the Senate, after witnessing
the debate upon the present question, to what
conclusion could this committee arrive ? If they
attempted to assert any principle beyond the
naked proposition before us, that the prayer of
the memorialists ought not to be granted, we
would be cast into a labyrinth of difficulties. It
would be confusion worse confounded. If we
wish to obtain a strong vote, and thus at the same
time tranquilize the South and the North upon
this exciting topic, the reference of it to a com-
mittee would be the most unfortunate course
which we could adopt. Senators are divided into
four classes upon this question. The first believe
that to abolish slavery in this District would be
a violation of the Constitution of the United
States. Should the committee recommend any
proposition of a less decided character, these Sen-
ators would feel it to be their duty to attempt to
amend it by asserting this principle; and thus we
should excite another dangerous and unprofitable
debate. The second class, although they may
not believe that the subject is constitutionally be-
yond the control of Congress, yet they think
that the acts of cession fiom Maryland and Vir-
ginia to the United States foibid us to act upon
the subject. These gentlemen would insist upon
the affirmance of this proposition. The third
class would not go as far as either of the former.
They do not believe that the subject is placed
beyond the power of Congress either by the Con-
stitution or by the compacts of cession, yet they
are as firmly opposed to granting the prayer of
the petition, whilst slavery continues to exist in
Maryland and Virginia, as if they held both these
opinions. They know that these States never
would have ceded this territory often miles square
to the United Statis upon any other condition, if
it had entered into their conception that Con-
gress would make an attempt sooner to convert
it into a free district. Besides, they are convinced
that to exercise this power, at an earlier period,
would seriously endanger not only the peace and
harmony of the Union, but its very existence.
This class of Senators, whilst they entertain these
opinions, which ought to be entirely satisfactory
to the South, could never consent to vote for a
resolution declaring that to act upon the subject
would be a violation of the Constitution or of the
compacts. The fourth class, and probably not
the least numerous, are opposed to the agitation
of the question, under existing circumstances,
and will vote against the abolition of slavery in
this District at the present moment, but would
be unwilling to give any vote which might pledge
them for the future. Here are the elements of
discord. Although we can all, or nearly all, agree
in the general result, yet we should differ essen-
tially in the means of arriving at it. The politic
and the wise course, then, is to adopt my motion
that the prayer of the memorialists ought to be
rejected. Each gentleman will arrive at this con-
clusion in his own way. Although we may thus
travel different roads, we will all reach the same
point. Should the committee go one step further
than report this very proposition, we should at
once be separated into four divisions; and the
result must be that the whole subject would finally
be laid upon the table, and thus the Abolitionists
would obtain a victory over the friends of the
Union both to the North and to the South.
Before I made the motion now before the Sen-
ate, I deliberately and anxiously considered all
these embarrassing difficulties. At the first I
was under the impression that the reference of
this subject to a committee would be the wisest
course. In view of all the difficulties, however,
I changed my opinion; and I am now willing,
most cheerfully, to assume all the responsibility
which may rest upon me for having made this
motion.
I might have moved to lay the memorial upon
the table; but I did not believe that this would be
doing that justice to the South which she has a
right to demand at our hands. She is entitled to
the strongest vote, upon the strongest proposi-
tion, which gentlemen can give, without violating
their principles.
I have but a few words more to say. As events
have deprived me of the occupation assigned to
me by the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Mangum,] I feel myself at liberty to invade the
province allotted by the same gentleman to the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Wright,] and to
defend a distinguished member of the Albany
Regency. In this I am a mere volunteer. I
chose thus to act because Governor Marcy has
expressed my opinions better than I could do
myself.
And here, permit me to say that, in my judg-
ment, southern gentlemen who are not satisfied
with his last message, so far as it relates to the
Abolitionists, are very unreasonable. With the
general tone and spirit of that message no one
has found any fault; no one can justly find any
fault. In point of fact, it is not even liable to the
solitary objection which has been urged against
it, that he did not recommend to the Legislature
the passage of a law for the purpose of punishing
those Abolitionists who, in that State, should at-
tempt to excite insurrection and sedition in the
