1836.}
APPENWX TO PfE>£©tfQfc£SSiQNAfc 6&0BS.
187
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Sufferer  by. the. ¿NwYqrk Fire—Mr. Graves.
Ho. ojr^Ri;ps.
again, he who is ambitious of great wealth, who
has no relish for mediocrity, and who, from the
peculiarity of his organization, is happiest when
most excited—which is when his prospects of
gain and hope of profits are greatest—adopts the
pursuit of an importer, who, whilst he shares
undividedly the immense profits attending pros-
perity in his pursuit, should not, as a just man,
when adversity comes, desire his fellow-citizens
—which is but another name for his Govern-
ment—to reinstate him in his losses. I cannot
perceive that his claim for relief has any more
foundation in principle and justice than that of
the farmer whose crop has been cut short by the
frosts, or an unfavorable season.
Upon the subject of the warehousing system
of England, about which the honorable gentle-
man has exhibited much learning, I will barely
remark, that the only material practical difference
between it and our system is, that there the risk
of the importer is less than in this country, and
he lays a less profit to cover that less risk. Our
merchants, enlightened and intelligent, as the
gentleman has just said they are, lay a profit
upon their business that bears a proper propor-
tion to their risk; as evidence of which take the
importers of goods to this country for the last
twenty years. Look at the amount of capital
invested by them in their- business, and then see
whether, under all the supposed hardships of our
system,the same amount of capital has been em-
ployed by the same number of man, with any-
thing approaching the same profit. It cannot be
the policy or this Government, by partial and
individual legislation, to contribute to the amass-
ment of ovegrown wealih in the hands of any
particular class of its citizens. The people in
every community, are most happy when there is
least inequality in their wealth; and as the hap-
piness of the people is the prime object of this
Government, we should be slow to indulge in a
course of partial legislation calculated to defeat
that great object. Our Government has a just and
natural right to demand of its importers duties
upon their importations, in retnrn for the mil-
lions of dollars it annually expends in protecting
and affording facilities to their commerce, among
the most conspicuous items of which stand the
expenses of our Navy and our diplomatic corps.
It is unjust that the Government, which is but
another name for the whole people, should lay
out and expend millions annually for the pro-
tection of a portion of its citizens in a particular
pursuit, and get nothing in turn for it to the
common Treasury.
The honorable gentleman further insists on the
propriety of this measure, because of the immense
amount which the port of New York has yielded
to the Treasury, exceeding, as we are informed,
two hundred and sixty millions of dollars, and
now annually equaling one half of all the duties
of the Government. And it is urged with great
zeal and earnestness for the Government, that
merchants who have done this much have a right
to .claim its special protection. Now, mark, Mr.
Chairman, that the friends of this bill have con-
tended that the spirit and meaning of the laws
imposing duties on imports are, that the con-
sumer shall pay them; and all admit that in gen-
eral the practical operation of these laws is, that
the consumer pays the first costs, the carriage,
the profits of all the intermediate owners,and the
duty of the Government, on everything that is
imported. If, then, this be correct, can it be
said that New York is entitled to the credit of
paying the taxes and supporting the Government?
It is the products of the tillers of the earth, sir,
that go abroad and return in the shape of foreign
commodities through the port of New York, that
ill your coffer ; and New York collects and pays
over to the Government the duties, and then
turns round and says she is the supporter of the
Government. Does she, sir, do this service
without compensation, that .she should claim so
much merit for it? Let us look into this matter.
She keeps for her trouble ten per cent, on the
amount collected, and this is the lowest estimate
that is placed on the expense of collection; so
that, in truth, we perceive that she has charged
us at least twenty-six millions of dollars for the
services rendered us in collecting and paying -our
own money'  And yet we are asked to pass this
measure for her benefit, which is, in effect, &
donation of upwards of three hundred and eigh-
teen thousand dollars. I, for one, am apposed
to this extension of the credit on these bonds,
upon principle, and because I think the precedent
will involve the country in immense troubles and
difficulties; but if it be extended, I insist, in
justice to the balance of the citizens of this Gov-
ernment, that the obligers be required to pay
interest upon their bonds.
We have heard much said, Mr. Chairman, ip
commendation of the city of New York. She
has been justly called the London of America.
We are truly told that she belongs alike to all the
citizens of our wide-spread Republic, and that
every one has cause to be proud of her. Her
representatives tell us that she is so completely
the heart of these United States, that the derange-
ment of any of her functions, like a derangement
of the healthful operations of the functions of the
human heart, will be severely felt by all the dif-
ferent "members. We are told that every eity,
village, and.hamlet in the land will feel the effect*
of this calamity, unless we extend the relief con-
templated by this bill. We have been told that
a large proportion of the banking capital upon
which the enterprise and the business of the
West and the Southwest are predicated, belongs
in New York; and unless she is relieved by our
timely interposition, that this portion of the union
is to feel the shock with peculiar force. We, the
Representatives from Kentucky, have been ad-
monished to look before we leap, and see that
our opposition to this bill does not conflict with
the best interests of our constituents, and, as a
natural consequence, amount to a. misrepresenta-
tion of tbem. We, sir, are advised, in a most
special and significant manner, by gentlemen from
New York, that very much of our. banking cap-
ital belongs to that city, and that the vacuum
occasioned by the late destruction of capital there,
unless this measure should be successful, must
and will be supplied by funds withdrawn (by the
N«w York capitalists) from the West.
F, Mr. Chairman, am not unapprised that a
heavy pressure in New York would be sensibly
felt by the people of Kentucky, and by no por-
tion of them1 so sensibly as my immediate con-
stituents, the eitizens of the city of Louisville and
the circumjacent counties; that city presents a
grand and magnificent specimen of the incalcula-
ble resources of the West, and most particularly
of Kentucky, which (I hope I may be permitted to
say without incurring the imputation of egotism,
what all impartial writers have said ) is the garden
of the world. The history of the world, under
similar circumstances, sir, presents no parallel to
the rapidly increasing population and commerce
of this city; which, sir, though for. months in
the dry season of every year is inaccessible,
except for boats of a smaller sizer has more than
doubled her population often thousand since the
census of 1830, and now possesses more com'
merce by one fourth than her very flourishing
and enterprising sister, Cincinnati, which in 1830
possessed a population near three times as great
as her's. I am proud of a station upon this floor
as the Representative of such a city; and as long
as I am honored with its confidence, ils best in-
terests shall find in me, though a feeble, yet a
devoted and assiduous advocate j But, sir, I should
feel myself an unworthy representative of my con-
stituents, who consider of, and act upon, every
subject connected with the public interest with
expanded and enlarged views, were I not to act
upon this subject with views which I consider to
be correspondingly liberal aod enlarged. I, sir,
however, do not consider that we act upen this
subject with views safficientiy enlarged, when
we confine the operation of this measure to the
present effects to be produced upon New York
and such other sections as may feel the conse*
quences of the late fire; but we should look for-
ward to the effects that this act is to have as a
Ítrecedent to future legislation in this hall. I be-
ieve the laws regulating the collection of our
duties are not unwise. 1 believe they reflect the
image of enlightened public opinion, upon which
all the laws of this Government rest; butif they are
wrong and oppressive, let us change the system 
and let it be uniform in its operation, so that the
citizens of every State, whether represented on
this floor by the influence and votes of one.or
forty members, shall experience equal benefits
from it.
Then, sir, I do admit that this fire will produce
a pressure in New York, and that its effects will
in some degree reach my constituents, and that
the proposed measure would to some extent alle-
viate that pressure. But, sir, it does not hence,
follow that I can support it; it does not follow
that my constituents, if standing in person here,
would support it. I know them well enough to
assert, and I do assert with pride, as their Rep-
resentative, that self-interegt is no unerring test
of their support of a particular measure, and that
they would not hesitate to oppose this bill even
though they were the immediate sufferers, and
were intended to be the recipients of the favor, if
they thought it wrong in principle, and bad in
policy. Therefore I oppose the bill, believingt
as I conscientiously do, that I could not vote for
it, except in violation of important principles and
sound poliey.
But, sir, let us consider of what appears to ma
to be another very weighty objection to this bill.
It will be seen by the first section that every mer 
chant who has suffered a loss to the amount of
one thousand dollars shall have credits, equal to,
an average of four years, on the whole amount
of his bonds from and after they fall due. Now,
suppose an importer is indebted $50,000 for duties
to the Government, and has lost $1,000 by the
fire, calculating the use of his money, worth to
him six per cent, per annum, he makes a net
profit, over and above his.loss, of £11,000. And
off of whom? The people—the rightful owners
of it, to whom it is always worth at least six per
cent, per annum, and who have as much right
to the interest as the principal.                           ,
I hold, as it respects the second section of this
bill, unless ■the credit asked is extended with the
sole view of better securing the collection of bonds
embraced by it, that there is no more propriety
in extending the proposed credit than m taking
the amount of #3,000,000 out of the Treasury,
and loaning it to the merchants of Philadelphia,
Cincinnati, or Louisville; to do which we are
prohibited by considerations of policy not less
than those of a constitutional character.    ,
I am not one of tl>e number who believe that a
check on the growth.and power of the city of
New York wilf. be attended with those blasting
and ruinous effects on all the parts of this Govern-
ment which some seem to anticipate.. Whilst I
am the- last, to desire a calamity to befall New
York; whilst I am entirely content that she may
enjoy and improve those benefits which nature
has given her, I should be happy to witness, in
Boston, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, rival cities,
commanding an equal commerce and an equal
power. 1 must confess, occurrences have tran-
spired, and ideas have been suggested, in con-
nection with the power and importance of that
city, which have rather aroused my apprehen?
sions.
We are told she is the heart of this nation, and
to allow her commercial operations to become
deranged is to derange every member of this
whole Union, in all its ramifications; that already
she has extended to the West and South loans
and accommodations to the amount of twenty-
nine millions of dollars,,and already do we hear
the representatives of the people admonished,  *hat
if they do not attend to the present demand of the
city of New York, their constituents willfijej the
effects of a refusal. How long will it be^if she
continues to increase in her commerce, and pop-
ulation, and power, and money,as in years past,
before she can come into this hall,; and say,
through her representatives, that the interest of
this city of ours requires this,, that, or, the other,
legislative assistance, perhaps the use of .twenty
or fifty, millions of dollars, as a loan from the
Government, without interest, for four .or forty
years, in order to sustain herself under her
" much-abused spirit of enterprise," and to ad-
monish a majority of the memberathat, if they
refuse the demand, th?ir constituents, who have
the use of millions of New York money, will be
made to feel the effects of the refusal ?
I, for one, Mr. Chairman, do protest in my
place against New York, or any other city, ad-
vancing to such an. eminence of power.   I hope
