192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Benton.
Se
NATE.
S
to see how the resolution of Mr. Early was dis-
posed of, and whether th« memorial of Messrs
0_rden and Smith ueie actually returned to them
IU sud that such was the t let The resolution
of Mr Eailvwv adopttd, not in one resolve,
but piece by piece Di\ isions were called, and
separa e votes taken upon every separate member
ot the resolution, muking live sets of votes, and
all cairied in the affirmative by yeas varvin? fiom
seventy to seventy-five; nav* varying from fiAeen
to eight. The first list of nirjswere—wV?s rs. Silas
Betton, Cnnstopher Clark, Samuel W. Dana,
Caleb Ellis, William Ely, Joseph Lewis, Jun ,
Jonathan O. Moselv, Jeremiih Nelson, Timothy
Pitkin, Jun , Josiah Quino y, Ben mmin Tal madge,
Samuel T« nney, Thomas \V. Thompson, Wil-
liam K. Van Ransellner, and Pi leg Wads worth
Mr. B. then remarked upon the passages which
he had read from the Senate and House Journals.
He said that they established every point which
was material to be made out in support of his
motion; they establish both therigit to expunge,
and the duty to expunge, in such a case as is now
resented in the proceedings against President
ackson.    The memorials which were presented
in the Senate and in the House of Representatives
contained criminal charges against President Jef-
ferson.    They went to criminate him as a con-
niver at a violation of the laws, and to stigma-
tize him for bad faith to those who had been his
dupes. The petitions were in duplicate,and were
presented simultaneously in the two Houses.   In
the House of Representatives they were instantly
met by a resolve denying their truth, declaring
thera to be unfit matter to be presented  to the
House, and ordering them to be returned to the
petitioners.    In the Senate they were first or-
dered to be  returned, but no  reason assigned;
they were then ordered to be expunged from the
Journal, and were expunged in the most effectual
and irrecoverable manner.    They were dropped
from the volume.   The very pages that contained
them were dropped and omitted, for the Journal
being still in loose sheets, the sheets which con-
tained the obnoxious proceedings were left out
of the bound volume, and thus all trace of their
existence disappeared.    It is only by looking to
the minutes and the Journal of the House of Rep-
resentatives, that we can find out what these pe-
titions were.    Such is the case of 1806     It is a
complete and perfect precedent for the case of
1836     The memorials were attacks upon Mr.
Jefferson.   They contained impeachable matter
against him.   They charged him with connivance
and secret participation in the unlawful, disas-
trous, and tragical expedition of Miranda.    The
charges which they contained had filled all the
opposition newspapers of the day, and had been
used for every purpose of party warfare against
him.  To get these criminal charges on the Jour-
nals, was the next object.   In the Senate, and in
the House of Representatives, thej were pre-
sented by the political enemies of Mr. Jefferson,
and so far as they received support or coun-
tenance, it was from the ranks of the Opposi-
tion.     So of the   proceeding against President
Jackson.    They are attacks upon him.   They
charge the President with violating the laws and
the Constitution.   They go to criminate and to
stigmatize him.    The charges which they ex-
hibit were universally circulated in the opposi-
tion newspapers before they were presented in
the Senate.    The Bank of the United States had
formally accused the President, and all the pub-
lications of the day, periodical, diurnal, and what
not, that espoused the cause of the bank, were
filled with the charges.   Party warfare had used
them to the uttermost in the fall elections of 1833;
but that was not sufficient; the same party spirit,
and the same party—the bank federal party which,
in 1806, wished to have its charges against Pres-
ident Jefferson transferred from the newspapers
to the Journal  of Congres , thence to be trans-
mitted to posterity as a part of the legislative his-
tory of the country—that same spirit, and that
same party, has wished to do the same thing with
the accusations against President Jackson.    The
Congiessof 1806, both House and Senate, met
this unconstitutional attemptas it deserved.  The
House refusí d the memorial, and voted it to be
uiisusuined by evidence, and reprehensible in its
character; the Senate ordered the whole proceed-
ing, and every trace and letter of it, to be expunged
from the Journal. It is to no purpose, Mr Pres-
ident, that any one may attempt to draw a dis-
tinction where there is no difference It is to no
purpose that any one may attempt to draw a dis-
tinction between expunging at the same session,
and at a subsequent one There is no difference
between the cases. The right to e\punge rests
upon the right to keep the Journal clear of what
ought never to be upon it. It rests upon the right
to purify it from anything improper, which inad-
vertence, mistake, or the injustice, virulence, and
fury of party spun may have put upon it To
this purification there is no hmitof time, either in
law or in morals It is not a ease foi the statute
of limitations Thus, fiom its very mture, the
purification of the Journal is to be effectid when
it can be; and that always implies a time posterior
to the wrong, and in the case of faction,it implies
a time posterior to the downfall of the faction.
The precedent of 1806 meets the objection of 1836.
It meets it full and fair in the face. The ob|ec-
tion is, that the Senate is bound to preserve its
proceedings; that it must write down all its pro-
ceedings in the Journal; and then preserve them
forever, never altering, changing, or effacing one
word, one letter, one iota, one tittle, of'he sicred
work, from the moment it is done to the end of
time. This is the objection; and it has been re-
peated rather too often to be itself changed or
altered to avoid the overpowering authority of
the precedent of 1806 And this, sir, is my an-
swer to the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Por-
ter ] I tell him the expunging was not only at
the same session, but on the same day that the
proceeding took place
I would here drop this head of my argument,
but it seems that something has occuried in our
own history on which gentlemen rely either to
lustify themselves or to criminate their oppo-
nents. I allude to the case of Mr. Barry, who
was condemned for a violation of the laws by the
unanimous vote of the Senate. This was done
at the same session, and a few months later than
the President was condemned Both parties
voted for that condemnation of Mr. Barry, and
it is argued this must sanction the proceeding
against the President, or involve in an inconsist-
ency those who voted for that condemnation
without objection, and now object to the pro-
ceeding in the case of the President. Not so the
fact or the consequence. The proceeding against
Mr. Barry was objected to, and that in the very
first stages of it, upon the same grounds on which
we now stand in the case of the President; and
the vote which was given by me and my friends
was a vote forced upon us by the majority of the
Senate; and being so forced upon us was given,
as we believed, according to the truth and the
fact. I well recollect that vote, and the conversa-
tion among ourselves to which it gave rise. Some
thought we should vote against it on the ground
that the proceeding was unconstitutional, and
that a vote in its favor would commit us on that
point; others, of whom I was one, objected to the
negative vote, because it would be against evi-
dence, and would subject us to the imputation
of voting as partisans, and not as Senators, and
because a negative vote admitted the jurisdiction
just as much as an affirmative one. Upon these
grounds, and because the majority had the power,
and enforced it to compel a vote, we took the
alternative, which truth seemed to require, and
acted upon the same principle in both cases—that
of Mr. Barry and that of President Jackson—
voting according to what we believed to be the
fact in each case. But let no one delude himself
with the notion that the proceeding against Mr.
Barry was not objected to. Let no one suppose
that the difference in rank has made a difference
in the opinions held in the two cases. The pro-
ceeding against Mr. Barry was objected to, and
fully and unequivocally in open debate, and upon
a'l the grounds assumed afterwards in the case
of President Jackson. Here is the proof, taken
from the debate of February 10, 1831, and pre-
served in the congressional history of that period.
The debate was on the adoption of a resolution,
of criminative aspect, concerning the examina-
tion of witnesses as to the causes of their removal
by the Postmaster General fiom office, and the
sj)fak( r the same that now addresses you
" Mr Bentov then lose and said that he did
' not appear on the floor for the purpose ofjoinino-
' in the debate, nor to express any opinion on the
' truth of the allegations so violently urged against
' the Postmaster General He had no opinion on
' the matter, and did not wish to have one, except
' it was that presumptive opinion of innocence
' which the lawsawaidcd to all that were accused,
' and which the pure and elevated character of
'Mr Ban y so eminently claims If impeached,
' it might be his duty to sit in judgment upon him,
' or, if he had an opinion in the case, to retire
' fiom the judgment seat; as he could neither
' reconcile it to the dictates of his conscience, nor
1 the rights of the accused, to take the oath of a
' judge, with a preconceived opinion in his bosom,
' to be diopped out as soon as the forms would
' permit He rose, he repeated, not to accuse or
' to absolve Mr Barry, but to express his opinion
' of the chaiacter of the proceeding which was
' carrying on against him, and to intimate an idea
' of what might be proper to be done hereafter in
' regard to it He then affirmed that he looked
' upon the whole proceeding, fiom its first mcep-
' tion to that moment, as one of eminent ímpro-
' priety, compromising the judicial purity of the
' Senile on one hand, and invading the puvilegea
' of the House of Representatives on the other.
'The Senate, under the Constitution, tries ím-
' peachments—the House of Representatives pre-
• fers them. Each has its assigned pirt to act,
' and it is an invasion of privilege for either to
' assume the part of the other. If the tenth part
' of the matter so furiously urged against Mr.
' Barry was true, or even founded in probability,
' he might come befoie the Senate for trial; and it
' would be a horrfd mockery of judicial forms for
' his future judges to take the lead now in th'e
' case of accusation, and to excite, piomote, fo-
• ment, and instigate charges against him. To
' the House ofRepresentativesbelonged thatpain-
' ful part of the business, and present proceedings
' in the Senate must appear to them as an invasion
' of their privilege, and an implied censure upon
' their negligence. It did seem to him that the
' House of Representatives might take notice of
' the proceeding, and feel itself bound to vindicate
' its rights, and the two Houses thus be brought
' into serious collision.   To avoid these conse-
• quences, as well as to escape a compromise of
' the judicial character of the Senate, he was de-
• cidedly of opinion that the debtte and the pro-
' ceeding should terminate immediately. This
' would save the further evils to the Senate itself,
' which might ensue As to the past—the proceed-
' ings already had—he declared that he thought
' them a fit subject for that operation which had
' been performed upon the record of Wilkes's ex-
' pulsion fiom the British House of Commons—
' upon the record of the Yazoo fraud—and upon
' the record of the Massachusetts General Assem-
' bly, which declared it to be unbecoming the char-
' acter of a moral and religious people to rejoice in
' the victories of their country. He declared it to
' be his deliberate opinion that the history of the
• whole proceeding against Mr. Barry ought to
• be expunged from the Journals of the Senate !
'Total expurgation fiom the Journals was the
' most appropriate means in the power of the
1 Senate to restore its own injured character—to
1 make atonement to the invaded privileges and
' insulted feelings of the House of Representa-
' tives; and what, perhaps, was still more ímport-
' ant, to prevent this evil example—this horrid
' combination of the accusing and trying func-
' tions—from being drawn into precedent in future
' times, when the party in power, and predomi-
' nant in the Senate, might want the spoils of a
' victim. If the American Cato, the venerable
' Macon, was here, it would be his part to become
• the guardian of the honor and dignity of the
'Senate; in his absence, that high duty might de-
1 volve, at an appropriate time, upon some aged
«Senator. If none such undertook it, it might
' become his part to consider how far their places
' ought to be Supplied by a less worthy and a less
' efficient member."
This, sir, is what I said in the case of Mr.
Barry in the month of February, 1831, just five
