1836.3                                  APPBNQIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                        193
24th Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Benton.
Sinate.
it for President Jackson. I took the same ground
for him that I took for the President. Gentlemen
will, therefore, see how far they have been cor-
rect in supposing that we have been inconsistent,
or inattentive, or unjust, and how far we have
been detected in keeping two measures for meting
out justice to different ranks. They may see also
how far my voice has been prophetic in warning
the Senate against the dangers of an evil ex-
ample, which might be drawn into precedent at a
future time, when the party in power, and pre-
dominant in the Senate, might pant for the apoils
of an illustrious victim!
After this preliminary view of the rights and
power of the Senate over its Journal, and in vin-
dication of its authority to expunge by total ob-
literation, and consequently to expunge by an
order instead of an erasure, Mr. B. came to the
merits of the question, and said the view which he
proposed to take of the proceedings against Pres-
ident Jackson required him to proceed to the
fountain head and original source of this extra-
ordinary process. It did not originate in the Sen-
ate of the United States, but in the Bank oí the
United States!—and all that the Senate has done
has been to copy the proceeding of which that
institution was the author. A statement so mate-
rial as this, (continued Mr. B.,) and which goes
to exhibit the Senate of the United States as fol-
lowing the lead of the Bank of the United States
in the condemnation of the President, cannot be
made without evidence-at hand to support it. No
assertion of such a thing should be made, except
as an introduction to the proof. Fully aware of
this, it is my intention to economize words—to
dispense with assertion—and to proceed directly
to the evidence. With this object, and without
adverting at present to a mass of secondary evi-
dence in the bank gazettes of the autumn of 1833,
I have recourse at once to a publication issuing
directly from the bank—a pamphletof fifty pages,
issued by the Board of Directors on Tuesday, the
3d day of December, 1833. This was the same
day on which the President of the United States
delivered his annual message to Congress, and
the day on which it was known everywhere that
he would deliver it. On that day the President
of the Bank of the United States sat at the head
of his Board of Directors; and, taking cognizance
of the imputed delinquencies of President Jack-
son, they proceeded to try and condemn him for
a violation of the laws and Constitution of his
country—to denounce him for a despot, tyrant,
and usurper—to assimilate him to counterfeiters
—to load him with every odious and every infa-
mous epithet—to indicate his impeachment to
Congress—to argue at great length to prove him
guilty—to order five thousand copies of the argu-
ment and proceedings to be printed, and a copy
to be furnished to each member of the Senate and
House of Representatives. As a member of the
Senate, I had the honor to receive one of these
pamphlets, the only favor I ever received from
that institution, and for which I hope to show
myself mindful by the use which I make of it.
Jt is from that pamphlet that I now quote; and I
shall first read the order from its adoption and pub-
lication to show the authenticity of its origin, the
gravity of its character, and the formality with
which the Board of Directors, sitting as a high
court of justice, took cognizance of the imputed
offenses of the President, pronounced him guilty,
•ad promulgated their sentence to the world.
Baki or ibb TJurrs  States,
Tuesday, DaxnUm-3,1833.
At to adjoamed meetisf of the Board of Director  held
{mi erening, present—Nicholas Biddle, President, Mesar .
Willing, Eyre, Bevan, White, Sergeant, Fisher, Lippincott,
Chauncey, Newkirk, Macalester, Lewis, Holmes, Gilpin,
Sullivan, and Wager.
Mr. Chauncey, from tbe special committee appelated on
«he 24th September, presented toe following report, wines
was read.
Whereupon Mr. Chauncey moved the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the said report, with the accompanying
resolution, be adopted.
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were called for, when
it was carried by a vote of twelve to three, as follows:
Yeas—Messrs. Willing, Eyre, Bevan, White, Sergeant,
ruber, Lippincott, Chauncey, Newkirk, "
and Biddle—12.
No. 13
, Lewis, Holmes,
Navs—Messrs. Gilpin, Sullivan, and Wager—3.
On motion It was resolved that five thousand copies of
the said report be printed for the use of the stockholders of
the Bank.
Extract from the minutes.
S. JAUDON, Cmhier.
Mr. B. then read the following extracts from
the report thus adopted by the board:
" The committee to whom wa* referred, on the 24th of
September, a paper signed 'Andrew Jackson,' purporting
to have been read to a Cabinet on the 18th; and also an
other paper signed ' H. D. Gilpin, John T. Sullivan, Peter
Wager, and Hugh McEldery,' bearing date August 19,1833,
With instructions to consider the same, and report to the
board whether auy, and what steps may be necessary on
the part of the board, in consequence of the publication of
the said letter and report, beg leave to state, that they have
carefully examined these papers, and will now proceed to
state the result of their reflections in regard to them."
*       * * * • *' OT the paper itself, and of the indi
vidual who has signed it, the committee and it difficult to
speak with the plainness by which alone such a document,
from such a source, should be described, without wounding
their own self-respect, and violating the consideration
which all American citizens must feel for the Chief Magis-
tracy of their country. Subduing, however, their feelings
and their language down to that respectful tone which is
due to the office, they will proceed to examine the history
of this measure, (removal of the deposits,) its character,
and the pretexts offered in palliation of it." « * *
•> It would appear from its contents, and from other sources
of information, that the President had a meeting of what
is called the Cabinet, on Wednesday the 18th of Septem-
ber, and there read this paper. Finding that it made no
impression on the majority of persons assembled, the sub-
ject was postponed, and in the mean time the document
was put into the newspapers. It was obviously published
for two reasons. The first was to influence the members
of the Cabinet, by bringing ,to bear upon their immediate
decision tbe first public impression' excited by misrepre-
sentations, Which the object of them could not refute in
time; tbe second was, by the same excitement, to affect
the approaching elections in Pennsylvania, Maryland,.and
New Jersey." * * * ^* " The indelicacy of
the form of these proceedfhgs 'corresponds well with the
substance of them, which is equally in violation of tbe
rights of «be bank and the laws of the country." * *
"That tire Secretary of the Treasury, and tbe Secretary of
the Treasury alone, has tbe power to remove them, (the
deposits,) that officer being specially designated to perform
that specific duty, and the President of the United States
being, by the clearest implication, forbidden to interfere."
*       ; * * " The whole structure of the Treasury
Shows, that the design of Congress was to make the Secre-
tary as independent as possible of the President. The
other Secretaries are merely executive officers; but the
Secretary of the Treasury, the guardian of tbe public rev-
enue, comes into more immediate sympathy with the Rep-
resentatives of the people, who pay that revenue ; and
although, according to the general scheme of appointment,
he w nominated by the President to the Senate, yet be is
in fact the officer of Congress, and not tbe officer of tbe
President."        ********
" It is manifest that this removal of the deposits is not
made by the order of the Secretary of the Treasury. It is
a perversion of language so to describe it. On the contrary
the reverse is openly avowed. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury refused to remove them, believing, as his published
letter declares, that the removal was ' unnecessary, unwise,
vindictive, arbitrary, and unjust.' He was then dismissed
because he would not remove them, and another was ap-
pointed because be would remove them. Now this is a
palpable violation of the charter. The Bank and Congress
agree upon certain terms, which no one can change but a
particular officer, who, although necessarily nominated to
the Senate by die President, was-designated by the Bank
and Congress as the umpire between them. Both Congress
and the Bank have a right to the free and honest and im-
partial judgment of that officer, whbever he may be—the
Bank, because the removal may injure its interests; the
Congress, because the removal may greatly incommode and
distress their constituents. In tins case they are depnved
of it by the unlawful interference of the President, who
'assumes the responsibility,' which, being interpreted,
means, usurps the power1 of the Secretary. To make this
usurpation more evident, bis own language contradicts the
very power which he asserts." « * * "But
a judicial investigation of his charges is precisely what be
dreaded. The more summary ana illegal invasion of the
powers of others seems to have more attraction than tbe
legitimate exercise of his own." *****
" But the wrong done to tbe pecuniary interests of tbe Bank
sinks into insignificance when compared with the deeper
injury inflicted on the country by this usurpation of all the
powers of the Government." * * * * "Cer-
tainly, since the foundation of this Government, nothing
has ever been done which more deeply wounds the spirit
of our free institutions. It in fact resolves itself Into this:
that whenever the laws prescribe certain duties to An offi-
cer, if that officer, acting under the sanctions of his official
oath and private character, refuses to violate that law, the
President of the united States may dismiss him, and ap-
point another; and if he, too, should prove to be a' refrac-
tory sBbordinete,' to continue Ms removals until he at last
discovers, in tbe descending scale of degradation, some irre-
sponsible individual fit to be the tool of his designs. ■ Un-
happily, there are never wanting men who will think as
their superiors wish them to think—men who regard more
the compensation than the duties of their office—men to
whom daily bread is a sufficient consolation for daily
shame."   *********
" At this moment the whole revenue of this country is at
the disposal, the absolute uncontrolled disposal of tbe Pres-
ident of the United States. The laws declare that tbe pub-
he funds shall to placed in the Bask of tbe United States,
unless the Secretary of tbe Treasury forbids it. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury will not forbid it. The Presiden*
dismisses him, and appoints somebody that will. So the
laws declare that no money shall be drawn from the Treas-
ury, except on warrants for appropriations made by law.
If the Treasurer refuses to draw his warrant for any dis-
bursement, the President may dismiss him, and appoint
some more flexible agent, who will not hesitate to gratify
his patron " * * * * * " The power is as-
serted in a tone fitter for the East, than for any country
claiming to be governed by laws." *****
" At this moment the process of evading the law is in full
practice. By the Constitution of the United States, no
money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in conse-
quence of an appropriation made by law. But there has
been a usage of transferring funds from one branch of the
Bank of the United States to another, or one State bank to
another, when the public service required disbursements
at remote places. This transfer draft has been abused,"
&c. * * * * " The committee (of the bank)
willingly leave to the Congress of the United States the
assertion of their own constitutional power, and the «tndi-
miion of the principles of our Government, against the
most violent assault they have ever yet encountered, and
will now confine themselves to the more limited purpose
of showing that the reasons assigned for the measure are as
unfounded as the object itself is illegal."
Whe  Mr. B. had read thus far, he stopped,
closed the pamphlet, and said that he had arrived
at the point where the bank divided the criminal
from the civil proceedings against the President)
and consigning him to Congress for the notice
which was due to the violation of the laws and
Constitution, it proceeded to make out its own
case for damages for the loss of the deposits, and
to adopt a resolve to claim redress for that injury.
The argument in the whole pamphlet is pertinent
to the motion now before the Senate, as showing
the relation between the proceedings óf the bank
and the proceedings of the Senate against the
President, and how closely the latter, arguments
and all, were copied frotó the former. The whole
pamphlet was pertinent to his motion, and it ought
to be printed and preserved among the public
documents, as a part of the history of the case;
but time forbade him to read anymore; and hav-
ing arrived at the point where the bank turned
over the President "to Congress for criminal pros-
ecution, and where the Senate took it up, he went
on-to sayr The three resolves which I have read,
though varied in their form, are all intended to
accomplish what the bankindicated when itvouch>
Safed " to leave to the Congress of' the United States
' the assertion of their own constitutional power, and
' the rinrfieoHott of the principles of our Government
* against the most violent «smalt they had ever encovn-
* tend;" and the first of these three was accom-
panied by another resolve, which pursued the
civil branch of the subject which the bank had
reserved to itself; namely, to show that the rea-
sons assigned for the removal of the deposits were
" unsatisfactory and insufficient," or, as the bank
pamphlet expresses it, " unfounded as the object
itself is illegal." Thus the proceedings in the Sen-
ate and in the bank were identical; and, what is
too obvious and striking to escape observation,
the very form of commencing the work against
the President, and the precise material upon
which the work was commenced, was the samé
in both bodies. The bank commenced its pro-
cess, and took, for the foundation of its proceed-
ings, "a certain poper signed * Andrew Jackson,"
* and purporting to have been read to what was
^called a Conine', on the 18th day of September,
* in the year 1833." So of the proceeding in the
Senate. It takes for its commencement, and for
its foundation, the samé identical paper, aftd, in
every essential phrase, describe  ana calls for it
in the same words. Otir Journal of that period,
at page 40, and for Wednesday, the lith of De-
cember, 1833—just nine day  after the promul-
gation of the bank proceedings—exhibits an entry
in these words:
«The fbliowing motion, submitted by Mr. Clat, was
*°™juJotoe:i, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to the Senate a copy of the paper
which has been published, and which purports to have been
read bv hire to the Heads of the Executive Departments,
fate* the 18th dayof Septemterlast, relating to the «"Oval
of the deposits of the pobhe money from the Bank of tbe
United States and its offices."
This call was adopted by the Senate. The
President was requested to furnish the paper de-
scribed; and upon his declining to do so, the
Senate of the United States proceeded, as the
Bank of the United States had previously done,
to use the copy of the paper as found in the col-
umns of the Globe.
