194
APPENDIX TO The congressional globe.
[March 18,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
Upon the contents of this paper two distinct
resolutions were submitted by a Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] one criminal, the other
civil. The criminal resolution has been read. It
stands at the head of the three resolves quoted
in the preamble to the resolution which I have
offered, and follows not only the charges and
the specifications which the bank had preferred
against the President, but uses the very words
which that institution had used. The civil reso-
lution,offered at the same time, is not inserted in
the preamble, because the expunging process is
not proposed to reach it; but it is necessary to
read it by way of identifying the proceedings of
the bank and of the Senate, and to show how
faithfully the Senate took up the cause of the
bank.   This is it:
" Resolved, That the reason* assigned by the Secretary of
the Treasury for the removal of the money of the United
States deposited in the Bank of the United States and its
branches, communicated to Congress on the 3d day of De-
cember, 1833, are unsatisfactory and insufficient."
The reasons assigned far the removal were
■voted by the bank to be unfounded; by the Sen-
ate they were voted to be unsatisfactory and in-
sufficient, showing the exact division of the sub-
ject in the Senate to be what it was in the bank,
and expressed in the same phrases.
The bank refers the paper which was read to
what was called a Cabinet to, one of its commit-
tees, to report " what steps are necessary to be
taken on the part of the board." They report
two steps: first, to vindicate the Constitution and
laws from the most violent assault they had ever
encountered, which, being interpreted, signified
to impeach him; and such was the language of
the bank gazettes; and a member actually named
who was to move the impeachment; secondly, to
assert its own right to redress for the injury of
removing the deposits. Both these steps were
pursued in the Senate; only for want of a regular
impeachment, preferred by the House of Repre-
sentatives, the Senate took it up irregularly, as
indicated by the bank.
I do not detain the Senate, Mr. President, to
make any remark upon  the unparalleled  and
almost incredible audacity of this moneyed insti-
tution, which, erecting itself into a coordinate
branch of the Federal Government, and assuming
a political, judicial, and moral supremacy over
the President of the United States, takes cogni-
zance of his imputed offenses, refers his conduct
to one of its committees as to a grand jury, re-
ceives a report arraigning him for a public crime
as well as for a private injury, adopts it in both
aspects, and adjudges him guilty of the crime,
while it demands redress for the injury with the
unceremonious indifference and perfect self-com-
placency which belongs to, the conduct of an es-
tablished constitutional tribunal.   Nor do I com-
ment upon the   significant  intimation   for   an
impeachment which their high mightinesses, the
serene directors of this moneyed corporation, so
distinctly holds out to Congress.   Nor shall I
dwell upon the coincidence that the bank pro-
ceeding against the President should have made
its appearance in Philadelphia cotemporaneously
with the assembling of Congress in this city. All
these circumstances, and many others, will nat-
urally attract the attention and excite the reflec-
tions of the people.   My purpose at present is
quite different.    It is to show that the Bank of
the United States is the original author of all the
proceedings against the .President, and that what
has been done in this Chamber is nothing but a
copy of what had first been done at the Board of
Directors in the city of Philadelphia.   The ex-
tracts which I have read are sufficient for the
present; and I shall only refer, at this time, in
confirmation of them, to the columns of the bank
gazettes at that period—the meetings got up by
the bank to condemn the President—the commit-
tees and memorials sent here—the purchase by
the bank of eight hundred thousand copies of the
speeches made against the President—its efforts
to distress and alarm the country—and the pal-
pable line which is still drawn in all the Legisla-
tures of all the States between the friends of the
bank and the friends of the President wherever
expunging resolutions are brought forward.
•   These are sufficient to prove that the bank, from
first to last j took charge of this proceeding against
the President; that she originated it, followed it
here, nursed and cherished it, adopted all that
was done; and now opposes the expunging reso-
lutions in the different States, with such fidelity
that the list of votes, except in Tennessee, and
some individual exceptions, in the other States,
shows the question of expunging to be a mere
bank question, to be lost or carried as the bank
party predominate or not in the Legislature.
Mr. B. then took up his expurgatory resolu-
tion, and said that he had digested his motion
for the sake of a more convenient and intelligible
presentation of his subject, into a series of dis-
tinct propositions, covering the whole ground of
the case, yet separating the parts so that a dis-
tinct consideration, and a distinct vote may be
taken on each distinct point.
I. The first proposition which I submit assumes
the cardinal position that the proceeding against
President Jackson was for an impeachable of-
fense; and that, being conducted without the
forms of an impeachment, i t was, by consequence,
irregular, illegal, unconstitutional, and subver-
sive of the fundamental principles of law and
justice.
The stress of this proposition lies in the posi-
tion that the offense charged upon the President
was impeachable; and to maintain this position,
I shall show, first, what it is that constitutes an
impeachable offense under our Constitution; and
next, what the offense is that the President was
charged with.
By section four, article two, of the Constitu-
tion, the President may be impeached:
1.  For treason;
2.  For bribery;
3.  For other high crimes; .
4.  For misdemeanors.
Here are four classes of offenses for which
impeachment lies; two of them well defined by
common and constitutional, law; and two of them
resting, not upon strict legal definitions, but
rather upon the general acceptation of terms, and
the moral sense of the community. Treason and
bribery have their precise definitions; other high
crimes and misdemeanors have their import, but
have not been legally defined, so as to include all
cases which may fall under their heads. They
were evidently adopted by tbe framers of the
Constitution, on purpose to include all the un-
known and all the possible cases of malfeasance
in office which should amount either to a high
offense or to a petty offense, and for which the
officer might deserve actual punishment nt com-
mon law, or a mere removal from that particular
office, or a general disqualification to hold any
office whatever. A crime is a great offense; a
misdemeanor is a petty offense. ■ A high crime
is always understood to be some great offense
against the State or the public; a misdemeanor
is some petty offense in office, consisting of any
kind of misbehavior or ill behavior. So say the
books. It would be sufficient for my argument
to show that the offense charged upon President
Jackson by the Senate of 1833-34 was one of
those petty offenses growing out of misbehavior
or ill behavior in office, which constitutes a mis-
demeanor; for even that would be impeachable,
and would sustain my position, that the President
was adjudged guilty of an impeachable offense.
But I will not wrong the Senators who passed
that judgment upon him, so far as to lower their
charge to the petty offense, which constitutes a
mere misdemeaner. I will not undertake to de-
prive them of their excuse or justification for
alarming and agitating the country as they then
did, and denouncing President Jackson with the
violence then exhibited, by reducing the offense
with which they charged him to the mere mis-
behavior which amounts to misdemeanor. But
I will take the charge in its natural import, and
according to the understanding of it then mani-
fested by gentlemen in all their speeches; and,
according to these, I say that President Jackson
was charged with a great, heinous, and daring
offense; and being so charged, was impeachably
charged, not with a petty misdemeanor, but with
a high crime.
How was he charged ? The record answers
that he was charged,first, with assuming the ex-
ercise of a power over the Treasury of the United
States not granted to him by the Constitution and
law , and dangeroua to the liberties of the people;
because he dismissed Mr. Duane from the Treasury
Department, and appointed Mr. Taney to it. Sec-
ondly, with assuming the exercise of a power over
the Treasury of the United States not granted to
him by the Constitution and laws, and dangerous
to the liberties of the people; because he took upon
himself the responsibility of removing the deposits
from the Bank of the United States; and thirdly, with
assuming upon himself authority and power not
conferred by the Constitution and laws, but in
derogation of both; because of the late Executive pro-
ceedings in relation to the revenue. These were
the charges; and how much soever the specifica-
tions were again and again changed,, and finally
all dropped, yet the charge itself remained the
same, and wears its meaning plainly on its face,
that of usurping' power and authority, and violat-
ing the laws and Constitution of the land. This
is the plain meaning of the charge, in every in-
stance of its threefold repetition, and so was un-
derstood and expressed by every speaker, who
constantly applied the terms of usurper and vio-
laterof the laws and Constitution, and rummaged
history to find, in the lives of the most odious of
tyrants, acts of usurpation and of lawless violence
sufficiently infamous, wicked, and dangerous to
exemplify the conduct which they charged upon
the President.
The precise words, in the resolve adopted, fully
charges the violation, and that twice over. To
assume power not conferred by the laws and Con-
stitution is to violate the laws and the Constitu-
tion; to do an act in derogation of both is, in the
President, a violation of both. The legislative
power may derogate from a law, that is to say,
can repeal and take away a part of it; but it can-
not derogate from the Constitution, that is to say,
repeal or take away a part of it; and the attempt
to do it is to violate it. The President can neither
derogate from the common law nor from statute
law, nor from the Constitution. He has no re-
pealing power over them; by consequence, to dero-
gate from them is to violate them.
1 Mr. B. well recollected thatsome of thegentle-
men in opposition called the President's conduct
a gross abuse of a power.' Be it so. The smallest
abuse of power is a misbehavior in office, and a
misdemeanor, for which the officer may be im-
peached ; a gross abuse of power is a high crime,
for which impeachment also lies. The charge,
then, still continues impeachable, whether qual-
ified as a gross abuse of power, or charged as a
direct violation of law.
The charge, then, stripped of its thin disguise,
taken in its obvious sense, and put into the words
proclaimed by every speaker, is a charge of usurp-
ation of power and authority, and of violation of
the laws and Constitution. I do not make a sepa-
rate head of the usurpation here charged, because
it is merely subsidiary in its reference, and ex-
planatory in its import, of the main charge more
distinctly expressed. To usurp power and author-
ity is to seize upon power and authority without
right or law—to violate the laws and Constitu-
tion,, is to do the same thing; so that all the
charges substantially end in one, that of violating
the laws and the Constitution. Is this a petty
offense, or a great crime? It is sufficient for my
argument that it should be a petty offense; but
truth and justice will qualify it as a great crime.
In a country of law the violation of law is always
a crime. In the mere citizen it is criminal: in the
common magistrate it is heinous: in the chief
officer of a Republic it is atrocious and parri-
cidal. In a President of the United States, bound
by his oath not only to preserve, protect, and
defend the Constitution, but to cause all others
faithfully to execute the laws, the violation of the
laws and Constitution, involving as it does per-
jury to his conscience, treachery to his trust,
danger to the country, and evil example to all,
becomes an offense of the greatest magnitude,
inferior only in turpitude and mischief to high
treason itself. In republics the greatest jealousy
is felt at assumptions of power beyond the law;
and the more exalted the magistrate, the more
eminent the citizen who commits that offense, no
matter how strong the necessity, or how slight
the consequence, the voice of offended justice is
sure to be heard. Why was Cicero banished
from Rome ? Not for putting Lentulus and Ce-
thegus to death—for these parricides deserved te
