1836.]
APPJENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
24th Gong.... 1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
the Kentucky General Assembly was not the
tribunal for the trial of the Federal judge in the
event of his impeachment; and their prejudica-
tion of his case did not affect the bosom of his
constitutional triers. In President Jackson's case
his prejudgers were hia constitutional judges,and
judges who would have a legal right to sit in
judgment upon him, notwithstanding their moral
disqualification for that duty by their prejudica-
tion of his case.  In Judge Innis's case there was
no great national event connected with his fate;
no change in the ascendency of political parties
to be effected; no political prophecies to be ac-
complished by the prophets themselves; no great
moneyed power to be gratified; no barrier to be
struck down from between the people and tfaeir
eternal foe; no obstacle to be removed from before
the onward march of a political and moneyed con-
federacy which was advancing to the conquest of
the Government, and only stopped in its course
by the invincible courage and incorruptible integ-
rity of one man. Judge Innis's case was different
from all this.   It affected no one but himself.   It
was individual and personal; his prejudgers were
cot his triers; and whatever wrong might be done
him, his country at least .was safe, and her free
institutions might survive and flourish; yet even
in this case of unmitigated wrong and contingent
injustice, how keen was the scent that snuffed
the approach of danger in the tainted breeze! How
«harp was the eye that detected the, lurking mis-
chief in the remote contingency of a bare possi-
bility!   How pointed, how cutting, how strong,
and how just the rebuke that was lavished upon
A legislative body for setting the example of-pro- |
iiouncing an opinion upon the guilt or innocence '
«fan officer, subject to impeachment before the
Senate of the-United States! Every word of it is '
* two-edged sword, cutting into the vitals of the i
Senate, and leaving that deadly wound for which
there is no healing in the art of surgery.   To
comment upon such a case ip impossible i to am-
plify, is to weaken it; to repeat, is to destroy; yet
at how many points must the minds of Senators
instinctively halt, catch up the cutting phrase,
apply it to their own case, while the small, still
voice of conscience whispers—ten thousand times
more applicable to us than to them!    Mark a few
of these phrases: " The constitutional right of
Congress to arraign the public officer who may
have violated the Constitution;" " the waste of
time and public money in pursuing subjects not
within the sphere of their duty;" " the injustice
of prejudging an impeachable officer;"   "the
stigma upon an innocent man, if unjustly con-
demned;" " the impediment to justice if the
guilty should be absolved;"_" the flagrant enor-
mity of pronouncing an opinion upon impeach-
able charges without the forms of trial, or judicial
proceeding;" " the total impropriety of even in-
dicating an opinion upon the truth or falsehood
of the accusation;" " the constitutional and legal
security of each citizen to have a fair and impar-
tial trial, both by impeachment and at common
law;" " the subversion of the fundamental prin-
ciples of justice, and the dangerous example of
a legislative body, before the commencement of
any prosecution, expressing an opinion upon the
guilt or innocence of an implicated individual."
AH these expressions apply directly, and with
infinitely more force to the case of President
Jackson, than to that of Judge Inais.   The Bank
•of the United States, through all its organs, had
appeared as the accuser of President Jackson.
It had satin judgment upon him for a violation of
«he laws and the Constitution, in dismissing Mr.
Duane and appointing Mr. Taney; for taking
upon himself the responsibility of removing the
deposits, and for his proceedings in relation to
the revenue.  U had demanded bis impeachment,
foretold it, and named the member of the House
.of Representatives whom it presumed to say
would bring it forward.   The public press in the
service of the bank had been for many months
preparing the public mind for the e re at, and just at
the commencement of the session, the bank itself,
in iu own person,and in the most imposing form,
stepped from behind the curtain and appeared
upon the stage as the responsible accuser.    It
caused a manifesto of some fifty pages to be drawn
up by a committee of its directors, adopted by
* vote of the board, ordered five thousand copies
to be printed, a copy to be laid upon the table
of every member of Congress, and the rest dis-
tributed all over the Union. It was that famous
manifesto from which I have read some passages,
in which the President of the United States was
compared to counterfeiters, and the first place in
the comparison assigned to him. The Senate and
the country would remember that manifesto. It
was the authentic act of the bank, and contained
the identical charge against the President which
was immediately afterwards brought into the Sen-
ate, and what is more, it contained every argu-
ment which was used in the Senate in support of
the condemnatory resolution. The President,
then, was an implicated and accused individual,
at the commencement of the session of 1833-34.
He was accused by the bank; and being thus ac-
cused, the Senate took cognizance of the charge,
without the intervention of the House of Repre-
sentatives, debated it for a hundred days, and
adopted it. The resolutions brought into the Gen-
eral Assembly of Kentucky, in the case of Mr.
Innis, strong as they are, are yet described by the
historian,*from whom I have read them, as being
" temperate and just, and respectful (• the sacred
" rights of every private citizen to enjoy am impartial
' trial, without tie denunciation of influential men in
1 office." I concur in this sentiment, Mr. Presi-
dent, and so did the General Assembly of Ken-
tucky concur with the mover of the resolutions
which I have read; for although those resolutions
were not adopted, yet they had the effect of chang-
ing the resolutions of Mr. Marshall, and to deprive
them entirely of their criminating character.
Such Were the sentiments entertained in Ken-
tucky, such the jealous and sensitive delicacy of
the feeling against the prejudication of an im-
peachable officer; and all this generous feeling,
watchful jealousy, and cutting rebuke, was called
forth in a case of most remote-and contingent mis-
chief, where-the prejudgers were not the triers,
and where the prejudication could have but a
most indirect operation upon the minds of the
-actual judges. If just there and then, how much
more so now and here! When the Senate of the
United States, upon charges put forth by the
Bank of the United States, sits m judgment upon
the President of the United States, condemns him
unheard, fixes a stigma upon his name, rouses
one hundred and twenty thousand people to peti-
tion against him—more than ever appeared at the
bar of the national convention against Louis the
XVI—gives an audacious institution a triumph
over him, and subjects his life to imminent deadly
peril. Yes, sir, puts life itself in danger; for it is
incontestable that the denunciations of the Senate
had the effect of putting the pistol in the hands of
the assassin. Yes, sir, these denunciations! for
While rational, intelligent, and informed people
saw the injustice of the charge against the Presi-
dent, and the folly of believing that the removal
of the deposits had made the distress, yet with the
ignorant, the uninformed, and the insane, it was
quite different. They believed it all, and acted ac-
cording to their belief. The ignorant went to the
polls to put an end, by their votes, to the admin-
istration of the" tyrant" that was destroying their
eountry; the " insane" went to the portico of the
Capitol to put an end, with his pistol, to the life
of the same " tyrant." But thanks to God, and
to the people! His providence held back the bul-
lets; ifceir confidence sustained him at the polls,
and their justice wilt find the means of expunging
from our Journals that unjustifiable sentence which
should never have been put upon it! Sooner or
later, expunged it will be. At this session, if
the voice of the people is obeyed; after the next
general election, if it is not done now. There
was no room for mistake. Two years past his-
tory, and the issue of the elections, had developed
the will of the people. Far from believing in the
truth and justice of the sentence pronounced by
the Senate, and returning a House of Represent-
atives to impeach the President in form, they have
gone on increasing in their confidence ano; affec-
tion, returping larger and larger majorities in his
favor; and, in primary meetings, legislative re-
solves, and a thousand different modes, have tes-
tified their will that this unjust sentence should
be expunged from the Journal,   The will of the
* William Butler, Esq.
great majority of the people of these States is
known; it is in favor of expurgation. 'The fa-
mous Mr. Fox voted in favor of expunging the
record of Wilkes's expulsion from the Journals
of the House of Commons, against his own opin-
ion, and against his previous votes, and in pro-
fessed obedience to the will of the people. His
example is worthy of imitation; and I trust (said
Mr. B.) that the expressed will of the people will
be obeyed in this case. For, or against, the ex-
punging, I trust it will be obeyed; and that the
voices of the State Legislatures will be equally
respected, work whioh way they may.
Mr. B. concluded what he had to say upon this
part of the case with expressing his deep regret
that the General Assembly of Kentucky, in 1834,
should have so sadly and lamentably forgotten
their own example of 1807. In 1807, as has been
shown, they deprived the resolutions of Mr.
Marshall of their criminating character before
they would adopt them. In 1834, and in the
month of February of thafyear, while the pro-
ceeding against President Jackson was in full
blast, it adopted resolutions against him of the
most violent character, upon the very points in
discussion, and ordered them to be transmitted
to their whole delegation in Congress. The fol-
lowing is the copy of these resolutions:
« Resolved, That the President Of the United States, by
causing to be withdrawn the public money from the place
of safe deposit, where it had been made by law, and placing
it in. local banks under his control, of the solvency of which
the people at large know nothing, and into wjiose affairs
their representatives have no right to examine, has violated
the laws and Constitution of the United States—that be has
' assumed a responsibility' dangerous to liberty, and which
tends to the concentration of all power in the hands of tha
Chief Magistrate of the United States.
" Resolved, That by the frequent exercise of the veto
power, and that still mora arbitrary and dangerous on« of
withholding bills passed by both Housesof Congress, thereby
preventing the opportunity of a reconsideration by that body
in the mode prescribed in the Constitution, the President
has, to a great extent, cripptedaad paralyzed the legislative
department of oar Government, and in same instances has
prevented the exercise by Congress of their essential con-
stitutional rights.
" Resolved, That the Clerk of tins Hoase transmit to each
of our Senators and Representatives la Congress copies of
the foregoing resolutions."
II. Having shown, Mr. President, that the pro-
ceeding against President Jackson was illegal and
unconstitutional, I take up my second proposi-
tion, which affirms the injustice of tkat proceed-
ing, and makes an issue of fact upon the truth of
the sentence pronounced upon himi The prop-
osition is in these words:    ■
" And whereas the said resolve, In all its various shapes
and forms, was unfounded and erroneous in point of Tact,
and, therefore, unjust and UBnghteous, as Well as irregular
and unconstitutional; because the satd President Jackson,
neither in the act of dismissing Mr. Duane, nor in the ap-
pointment of Mr. Taney, as specified in the nrst form of the
resolve, nor in taking upon himself the responsibility of re-
moving the deposits, as specified in the second form of the
same resolve, nor in any act which was then, or can now,
be specified under the vague and ambiguous terms of the
general denunciation contained in the third and last form of
the resolve, did do or commit any act is violation or in
derogation of the la ws and Constitution, or dangerous to too
liberties of the people."
The condemnatory resolution, as first drawn
up, contained two specifications of supposed vio-
lation of law and Constitution: First, the dismis-
sion of Mr. Duane from the Treasury Depart-
ment because he would not remove the public
moneys from the Bank of the United States; and,
second, the appointment of Mr. Taney to make
that removal. The«Bcond forroof the resolution
contained a single specification, namely, taking
upon himself the responsibility of removing the
deposits; and the third and ultimate form of the
same resolution was utterly destitute of any
specification whatever. Having remarked that
these specifications were copied from the pro-
ceedings of the Bank of the United States, and
in the very words used by that institution, sucn
as he had read them at the opening of this debate,
Mr B. said, we join issue upon each of these
specifications, as far as they are made under tha
first and second forms which they beaT, and are
ready to join issue upon any specification which
can be assigned under the vague terms of the
third form.
We deny, out and out, that there was any vio-
lation of the laws or Constitution in the dismissal
of Mr. Duane, or in the appointment of Mr.
Taney, or in taking upon himself responsibility
