198
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
24th Cong....1"t Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Benton.
SENATE.
of removing the deposits, or in any proceeding '
whatner, either late or early, in relation to the
public revenue
All these denials we made at the time: and
every specification \entured upon by the mover
of the resolution, was promptly met, and fully
overthrown by us. Shall I repeat the arguments
we then used • or shall I limn myself to a recapit-
ulation ot points which mark our reasoning, and
to an enumeration of proofs which attest our
victory ' I prefer the latter, and shall proceed
accordin?lv.
First, then, the dismissal of Mr. Duane, be-
cause he would not remove the deposits.
In answer to this specification we showed, first,
that the right of the President to dismiss this
Secretary, resulted from his constitutional obliga-
tion to see the laws faithfully executed; secondly,
from the recognition of the neht in the first act
of Congress establishing the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Here is the law: "Whenever the Secretary (of
' the Treasury) shall be removed from office by the
' President of the United States, or tn any other case
' of vacancy m the office of Secretary, the assistant
' shall, during the vacancy, have the charge and cus-
' tody of the records, books, and papers, appertaining
1 to the said office " This is the seventh section
of the act entitled, " An act to establish the Treas-
ury Department," passed September 2, 1769. It
is an express, and as the debates of the time will
show, a purposely expressed recognition of the
right of the President to dismiss this officer.
And here I might dismiss this specification; but
it is right to recall the recollection of the fact,
that the mover of the resolution gave it up, and
was compelled to give it up, or lose the whole
resolution, for it was well known throughout the
Senate, that not even a party majority, at the end
of a hundred days' debate, could be got to vote
for it, that several members of the Opposition
openly admitted the right of the President to
make the dismission, and could not vote for the
resolution with that specification in it.
The second specification was for appointing
Mr Taney to make the removal of the deposits,
which Mr. Duane would not. This requires no
consideration, and admits of no notice It was
scarcely noticed in debate; and being wholly de-
pendant on the first specification, it was with-
drawn with it, and never mentioned since. It
was given up by the mover without a vote, be-
cause even a party majority could not be got to
vote for it, and it cannot be resuscitated now for
the sake of a posthumous discussion.
The third specification was, for taking on him-
self the responsibility of removing the deposits.
This specification,like the two former, was found
tobe too weak to stand a vote. It was withdrawn .
by the mover without a vote, because it was
known that not even a party majority could be
induced to vote for it Being thus given up and
abandoned, it can no longer claim the honor of a '
notice
An allegation, twice repeated by way of aggra-
vation, also graced the first and second forms of
the resolution, which disappeared from the third
it was, that the President's conduct was danger-
ous to the liberties of the people This allegation
also shared the fate of the three specifications It
was given up and withdrawn without a vote, be-
cause not even a paity majority could vote for it;
and thus it was clearly admitted that the Presi-
dent's conduct was not dangerous to the hbeities
of the people.
The resolve, as adopted, was void of specifica-
tion, and contains no allegation whatever on which
an issue of fact or of law could be taken. It was
a vague, indefinite denunciation, without a refer-
ence to any act, at any time, in any place, or to
any law, or any clause in the Constitution sup-
posed to be violated Against such a condemna-
tion, argument is impossible, for issues are imprac-
ticable. I limit myself to the broad, emphatic
denial of the truth and validity of anything that
can be specified under this vague denunciation.
I pronounce myself and my friends to be now
standing ready, challenging and defying any spe-
cification under this resolution, and waiting to
impale and transfix it the moment it is produced
And here I conclude this head, and hold my sec-
ond proposition  to  be  completely established,
namehi, that the charge of violating the laws and   '
Constitution was unfounded and eironeous in
Point of fact, and that the condemnation of the
resident was, therefore, as unjust and unright-
eous as it was illegal, irregular, and unconstitu-
tional.
Ill I pass on to the third proposition which
affirms the vagueness and ambiguity of the resolve
as adopted, and presents some of the evils result-
ing from such an indefinite mode of condemnation.
It is in these woids :
" \nd when is the slid resolve, as adopted, was uncer
tain, and ambiguous, «ontaining nothing hut a toosi md
floating charge tor derogating from the laws and Constitu
tiou, and assuming uiigranted power and authority in the
lite Execuüve proceedings in reluion to the public revc-
niu, without specifying in «hit pirt ot the executive pro-
ceedings, or what pirt of the public revenue wis intended
to be reterred to, or what parts ot the laws and Constitution
were supposed to have been indulged, or in what part of
the I inon, or at what petiod of his Administration, tlu.se
lite procetding  were supposed to hive tikenplicc, thereby
putting-ach t>enatorat liberty to votein favor of the resolví
upon a separate and secret reason of his own, and leaving
the ground of the Senate's judgment to be guessed at by the
public, and to be diflerently and diversely interpreted by
individual Senators according to the privite ind particular
understanding of each, contrary to all the ends of justice,
and to all the torms of legal and judicial proceeding—to the
great prejudice of the accused, who could not know against
whit to defend himself, and to thelossof senatorial respon-
sibility, bv shielding Semtors from public accountability,
tor miking up a ludgment upon grounds which the public
cannot know, and which, if known, might prove to be
insufficient in law, or unfounded in fact "
When he had read this proposition, Mr. B.
said, is this a true description of the Senate's
judgment' Can it be possible that this elevated
body, intended by the Constitution to be the
gravest assembly on earth, could have so far
sported with its own responsibility, and with the
rights of an accused person, as to deliver a sen-
tence of condemnation so void of form as this
description announces' The question is a grave
one, and the answer should be the best which the
nature of the case can possibly admit of. In-
spection is the best answer which the case admits
of. It is a case for the inspection of the record—
for trying the record by itself. Here it is; read,
listen, and judge*                                                          '
" Resolved, That the President, in the late executive pro
ceedings in relation to the revenue, his assumed upon him    j
self luthonty and power not conferr d bj the Constituuon   '
and laws, but in derogation of both "
Vague' vague' vague1 uncertain, ambiguous,
deceptive' amphibological, and the highest illus-
tration of that Cynic's sarcasm who defined lan-
guage to be an art conferred upon man to enable
his tongue to conceal his thoughts. Suiely the
very thing is concealed here which is the only
thing that ought to be known, namely, the spe-
cific act w Inch constitutes the violation of law and
Constituuon intended to be fastened on the Pres-
ident
I do not dilate upon the use and necessity of
precise allegation in criminal accusation. The
time, the place, and the act are the essence of the
charge, and can never be dispensed with. The
instinct of justice in every human bo&om recog-
nizes this, the forms of criminal proceeding in
all countries of law and order prescribe it, and
the movei of this condemnation admitted it by
lus n peated attempts to give specifications, and
1 y his tardy abandonment of that attempt at the
last moment, at the end of one hundied days'
debate, when the sentence of condemnation could
no longer be delayed without losing the benefit of
it at the impending elections, and when it was
indisputably known that no majority, not even
the party majority which then prevailed in this
Chamber, could be brought to unite in any act of
illegal conduct which the genius of the mover I
could impute to the President. 1 will not dilate
upon this plain point, but I will produce an ex-
ample from our own history to show with what
precise allegation of time, place, and act, viola-
tions of law were charged upon executive officeis
in the earlier age of our Republic
I read from the Journals of the House of Rep-
resentatives in 1793. They are the resolutions
submitted by Mr Giles, of Virginia, for the pur-
pose of impeaching the Secretary of the Treasury,
General Hamilton, and are in these words.
" Resolied, Tint the Secietiry of the I reasury has vio
latecl the law p i~sed the 4th ot August, 1 "90, in i* ng dj pro
priation of certain moneys authorized to be borrowed by
the .ame liw, in the following pirticul.irs., to wit
"1 liv ipplvmg aeertim portion of the pnncipil bor
rowed to the p lyment ot inteiest 1 dim.  du up ni the prin-
cipal, which vv is not ititlioii/td l>> th it or anj otlu r 1 iw
"2 I¡\ di uvin,' i put 11 Un s míe nionivs uiti tin t in
ted Statis without the m-tructioiis ot the Pi anient of the
United states "
Heie all is open, manly, and intelligible Mr.
Giles tells what he means, and commits himself
upon the issue General Hamilton knows what
he is charged with; the House knows what to
proceed upon; and the public knows for what to
hold the accused to his defence, the accusei to his
proofs, the Hou^e to its justicn, and all the par-
ties to their official accountability to their con-
stituents Compare this resolve against Presi-
dent Jackson, with the resolve of Mr Giles, and
see how different in the essential particulais of
criminal accusation The general charge is the
same in both cases, that of violating law, and
acting without authority, yet the resolves are
totally different—one, all precision, the other, all
ambiguity. In one, every word a declaration of
fact or law, on which precise issues might be
taken; in the other, every word a problem, and
susceptible of as many meanings as there were
tongues to debate it Like the oracular responses
of the Pythian Apollo, they seemed to be selected
for their amphibology, and because any meaning
and every meaning which might be required or
forbid, might be affirmed or denied under them.
Try them by their sense and impoit "Late
executive proceedings " Here are three words
and three ambiguities. 1 "Late" How late'
one year, two years, five or ten years ago'
2 "Executive. What part of the executive '
the Chief Magistrate, or one of the heads of De-
partments' 3. "The public revenue " What
part of it' That in the Bank of the United States,
or in the deposit banks, or in a state of collection
in South Carolina' I defy any man to affix any
definite idea to either of these terms, or to take
any issue upon them. All is uncertain, ambig-
uous, problematical; nothing is clear but the
abandonment of all that felated to Mr. Duane,
Mr Taney, the removal of the deposits, the re-
sponsibility of removing them, the danger to the
liberties of the people, and the complete cutting
loose from all connection with the Bank of the
United States, whose wrongs had solely occupied
the two previous forms of the resolution, and
had figured so incontinently in the speeches of
all its friends All this is abandoned- all men-
tion of the bank is dropped Instead of it, the
vague charge is substituted, which has been so
often pointed out to the notice of the Senate; and
under this general denunciation, a general verdict
was procured by a new species of individual con-
tribution, something like a subscription list, or
poney purse of accusation, in which each one
put in according to his will and his means.
Mr B said he had adduced this instance of
criminal allegation, this charge against Geneial
Hamilton, for the purpose of showing thatpie-
cise allegations were indispensable in such cases;
but it was also available and eminently applicable
for another purpose; for the purpose of showing
that coriupt, wicked, or improper motives were
not necessary to be alleged in proceeding against
an officer for an impeachable offense. The design
of Mr. Giles was to impeach General Hamilton;
and for that purpose he charges him with a naked
violation of law, without the slightest imputation
of an improper motive, and without the smallest
allegation of injury to the public. It is a case in
point; and added to the cases of the Judges Chase
and Pickering, is conclusive to show that even
where a regular and formal impeachment is in-
tended, no averment, under our Constitution, of
criminal motives, or public detriment, need be
alleged.
Mr President, the public, and even the Senate,
have heard much of late years of a certain doctrine
in politics called non-committal, and ithas gener-
ally been presented in a very unenviable and un-
desirable point of view. Some have even gone so
far as to say that they scorned the character of an
uncommitted man, and a certain gentleman that
you and I wot of, has been conspicuously paraded
in speeches and gazettes as the founder of the
non-committal school, and the original of the por-
trait which has been drawn of an uncommitted
man Of the justice, the propriety, the truth, and
the decency of what has been said and published
