1836.]                                   APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                       199
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
of that gentleman, on that point, it is not my pur-
pose, in this place, to make a question, nor would
it, I presume, be your pleasure to decide. I pre-
termit that labor; and, proceeding upon the as-
sumption of his opponents that the aforesaid gen- i
tleman was actually the founder of the aforesaid '
school, I have to remark that it seems to me that,
like other great inventors, he is in danger of being
robbed of the glory of his discovery by the im-
provements which are made by others upon his
invention. So far as I understand the institutes
of the original school, the right of non-committal
extended no further than to problems in politics;
it did not embrace cases of law and morality, nor
extend to the conduct of judges and Senators !
But who can stop the march of improvement? '
Who can limit the genius of the scholar? Who '
can baffle the art of the cunning imitator? Already
the doctrine of non-committalhas made its way to
the judgment seat—to this Chamber—and to this
very case. The Senate refuses to commit itself
upon the question of what it is that they have con-
demned President Jackson for! They not only
refuse to commit themselves for the .grounds of
their judgment, but they revoke the committal
which they had partly made. They withdraw
everything upon which they could be held to their (
accountability. They haul in, back out, cut loose,
and run away, from their own attempt to specify
the guilt of President Jackson; and,then condemn
him in a general verdict, made up by compro- '
mise, and unable to bear the test of any one spe-
cification whatever. Yes, sir, made up by com-
promise ! for whom of ua, that were then in this
Chamber, that does not remember the extraordi-
nary circumstances of the closing scene ? the per-
ipatetic movements which took place among mem-
bers.' the crossing to and fro on this floor? the
consultations and the whisperings? the fixingand
altering, the writing And rubbing out, the offering
and withdrawing, the tearing up and beginning
anew,.which went on in this Chamber, to the de- |
lay of the call for the yeas and nays, until.a set
of phrases were collected, by contributions from
different parts of this floor, sufficiently non-com-
mittal to embrace all who were willing to con-
demn the President, without being able to tell
for what? I speak as an eye-witness, when I
describe the closing scene in these terms; and I
appeal to forty Senators, then and now present,
to affirm my statement. And what say the laws
of the land to the verdicts obtained by compro-
mise ? Utterly reprobated; the jury reprimanded
who gives them; their verdict set aside, and a
new trial ordered.
Sir, (said Mr. B.,) examine this sentence of
condemnation as it stands. Examine it word by
word, and see if it is located to any one place,
limited to any time, or confined to any one act?
Will it not cover the " lalt" executive proceed-
ings relative to the revenue in South Carolina, as
well as the " late" executive proceedings relative
to the deposits in Philadelphia ? Will it not cover
the orders to Commodore Elliott to proceed to j
Charleston, just as well as it will cover the order
to Mr. Duane to quit the Cabinet ? Would it not
cover the removal of troops to the South, to insure
the collection of the revenue, just as well as it
would cover the removal of the deposits from the
bank to prevent the mischiefs of their remaining
there ? Were not the two measures equally com-
plained of at Charleston and in Philadelphia ? And
is it not notorious, that when distinguished sons
of South Carolina, immediately after the condem-
nation of the President, denounced the lawless
tyranny of his conduct in public speeches in
Philadelphia, meaning all the while his conduct
in relation to the revenue in South Carolina, that
the friends of the bank, who had previously ap-
plauded the President for that conduct, clapped
and shouted, and flung their caps into the air, in
a delirium of exultation, under the delusion that
all this denunciation, found its innuendo in the
wrongs of the bank, and not in the wrongs of
South Carolina? Certain it is, that the crimina-
ting resolve which, in its first and second form
was all bank, in its third form, cut loose from the
bank entirely ! that Mr. Duane, Mr. Taney, the
responsibility, the deposits, the mother bank and
its branches, which figured exclusively in the
first and second forms, were all expunged in the
third form! and not one word retained, which
could commit the supporters of the resolve to the
name, to the cause, or to the complaints of the
bank!
I have described the scene, faintly described it,
as it took place in this Senate, in the face of all
then present, and while the call for the yeas and
nays was delayed to give time for making up the
phraseology of the resolution. It now becomes
my duty to explain the reason why it came to
pass that this business of fixing the non-commit-
tal phrases of the resolve was postponed to the
last moment, and then had to be transacted by
consultations and whisperings in the Senate. The
reason, sir, was this: at the commencement of
the session of 1833-34, the Bank of the United
States and the Senate of the United States appear
to have commenced an attack upon the people,
the property, and the Government of the United
States. The bank created a pressure; the Senate
| excited a panic; and the spring elections in New
1 York and Virginia were the first and principal
objects of both. The bank sent out her orders to
call in debts and break up exchanges; the Senate
| brought in its resolution to condemn President
Jackson for a violation of the laws and Constitu-
tion; and under the combined action of this double
process, the price of all property was sunk, and
the public mind agitated and alarmed, until a fic-
titious panic was produced. The operation was
kept up, the bank screwing tighter and tighter,
and the alarm guns firing, and the tocsin ringing
faster and louder in the Senate, until the pressure
had reached its highest point of culmination, and
the important elections of New York and Virginia
were just at hand, and everything was ripe for
the final blow. The condemnation of the Presi-
dent before those elections, and at the moment of
their commencement, was this final blow, and the
exact moment for striking it had. arrived on Fri-
day, the 28th day of March. That was the day,
for it was the last day that it could be done in
time to have its effect. Monday was the first day
of April, and the great elections were to begin;
it was therefore indispensable that the news of
the condemnation of the President should leave
Washington a few days before the 1st of April,
in order to reach in time the more remote election
grounds in the great States of New York and Vir-
ginia, and to have its efiect upon those elections.
This is the reason why the debate on the con-
demnatory resolution was delayed, protracted,
prolonged, and spun put from the 26th of Decem-
ber to the 28th of March, and then passed in the
hurry and precipitation which produced that scene
of consultation and of whispering, of running to
and fro, of putting in and striking out, of offer-
ing and withdrawing, which was then witnessed
in the Senate, and which ended in the engender-
ing of that unrivaled specimen, that ne plus ultra
production, that chef d'auvre, and everlasting
masterpiece of the non-committal policy which
now stands upon your Journal as a judgment of
condemnation against President Jackson !
Mr. B. said he was an enemy to monopolies,
and must express his dissatisfaction to them in
whatsoever shape they were presented to his
view. Here was a monopoly—a new and strange
monopoly; it was a monopoly of non-committal
and of irresponsibility, and that by friends pres-
ent to the prejudice of their friends absent. The
Kentucky legislative resolve, all the State legis-
lative resolves, all the resolves of all the public
meetings, and all the petitions of the one hundred
and twenty thousand petitioners sent into the
Senate, were direct and specific in their charges
against the President. They all charged, in di-
rect terms, the violation of the laws and Consti-
tution; and all grounded their charges upon the
dismissal of Mr. Duane, the appointment of Mr.
Taney, the assumption of the responsibility, the
removal of the deposits, and the danger to the
liberties of the people. They all specified these
acts, and therefore fully committed themselves,
and now stand committed upon them. So did
their friends and leaders on this floor. All were
even at the start. All were in the same predica-
ment unto the memorable 28th day of March,
1834. Up to that day all were together in the
Caudine Forks; but now the leaders and the fol-
lowers are divided. The leaders extricated them-
selves; they, uncommitted themselves; they ctU
loose from the bank and all its griefs and com-
plaints. They dropped everything which could
connect them, upon the record, with the bank and
its cause; ensconced themselves in the mystifica-
tion of amphibological phrases; and now stand
untrammeled, unpledged, untied, uncommitted,
and non-committed upon one single allegation
of law or fact on which responsibility can be in-
curred, or an issue can be taken. This is wrong.
The leaders should never desert their followers;
they should never leave their deluded associates
in the lurch. The. military man shares the fate
of his soldiers; he saves them or dies with them !
The politician should do the same. No monop-
oly of escape is allowed to one any more than to
the other. Here is a case for sympathy and re-
lief—for interposition and help. The followers
should be allowed to escape with the leaders; they
should be allowed to cut loose from the bank;
they should be permitted to uncommit them-
selves; and for that purpose should have leave to
withdraw and amend; to amend by striking out
everything that relates to the deposits, the Sec-
retaries, the liberties of the people, the responsi-
bility, &c, and float at large upon the undennable
and intangible denunciation of " the late ex-
ecutive PROCEEDINGS IK RELATION TO THE REV-
ENUE !"
IV.   My fourth proposition applies to the doc-
trine of legal implications, and affirms that what
has been withdrawn upon objection, cannot after-
wards be understood, by implication, to remain
a part of the record. The proposition, for its
better understanding, will be read. It is in these
words:
" And whereas the specifications contained in the fint
and second forms of the resolve, having been objected to in
debate, and shown to be insufficient to sustain the charges
they were adduced to support, and it being well believed
that no majority could be obtained to vote for the said speci-
fications, and the same having been actually withdrawn by
the mover in the face of the whole Senate, in consequence
of such objection and belief, and before any vote taken
thereupon, the said specifications could not afterwards be
Admitted by any rule of parliamentary practice, or by any
principle of legal implication, seem intendment, or mental
reservation, to remain and continue a part of the written
and public resolve from which they were thus withdrawn;
and, if they could be so admitted, they would not be suffi-
cient to sustain the charges therein contained."
The proposition contains three points: 1. An
affirmation; 2. A rule of law; 3. An issue offered.
The affirmation, in part, is proved by the record;
namely, that the specifications of President Jack-
son's supposed illegal and unconstitutional eon-
duct, were all withdrawn; and the remainder of
it, namely, that they were withdrawn because no
majority, not even a party one, could be got to
vote for them, can be proved by the Senators then
and now present. The rule of law is too clear
for argument. It is known to every apprentice
to the law, that what is given up upon the face
of the record, cannot be retained as a part of the
case by any fiction of pleading, legal intendment,
constructive implication, mental reservation, or
supposititious reintegration whatsoever. The is-
sue is open and bold, that if the specifications can
be saved by implication, they are insufficient to
justify the condemnation; and to the trial of this
issue, we challenge and defy the whole power of
the Opposition.
V.   My fifth proposition affirms the total impro-
priety, and the particular unconstitutionality of
the Senate's proceeding against President Jack-
son.    It is in these words:
"And whereas the Senate being the constitutional tribunal
for the trial of the President when charged by toe House of
Representatives with offenses against the law and the Con-
stitution, the adoption of the said resolve before any im-
peachment was preferred by the House, was a breath or
me privileges of the House, a violation of trie Constitution,
a subversion of justice, a prejadieauon of a «Bestión which
mieht leeally come before the Senate, and a disqualification
ofthat body to perform its constitutional duty with fairness
and impartialityVif the President should thereafter be regu-
larly impeached by the House of Representatives for the
same offense."
In this proposition (said Mr. B.) I take my
stand upon the same ground which 1 took in the
case of Mr. Barry in February, 1831, and in the
case of President Jackson in January ,1834. What
I said in the case of Mr. Barry, five years ago,
has been read; what I said in the case of Presi-
dent Jackson, two years ago, will be read now.
It is done for two purposes; first, to show that
we stand upon the same ground now which we
occupied then; and next, to let it be seen that the
expunging process is no afterthought with us;
