200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
24th Cong. ..1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
and thai gentlemen are not allowed to take a dis-
tinction between expunging now and expunging
then: their power alone hating presented the
expurgation at the same session, the same day,
and the same instant, at which the unjust and
unrighteous sentence was passed.
Mr. l>. here read from the debate of February,
ISM:
•• Mr. Bevtov said that the first of these reso-
« Unions cont lined impeachable matter, and was,
  in f.iei, though not in form, a direct linpeach-
« mt nt of tht  Piesident.    He  recited the eonsti-
*  tutional prowsion that  the  President might be
* impeached, 1. for treason; 2. for bribery; 3. for
' otlier high crimes; 4. for misdemeanors; and
« said th.uthe first resolution charged both a high
*  crime anil.  misdemeanor; the crime in violating
' the laws and Constitution in seizing upon illegal
1 and ungranted power over the public Treasury,
*  to the danger of the liberties of the people; the
' misdemeanor in dismissing the late Secretary of
1 the Treasury from office. Mr. B. said that the
' terms of the resolution were sufficiently explicit
 to define a high crime within the meaning of the
1 Constitution, without having recourse to the ar-
4 gumenu and declarations used by the mover of
1 the resolution in illustration of his meaning; but
'if any doubt remained on that head, it would be
* removed by the whole tenor of the argument,
'and especially that part of it which compared
' the President's conduct to that of Caesar in seiz-
' ing the public treasure in Rome to aid him in
* putting an end to the liberties of his country;
* and every Senator, in voting upon it, would vote
' as directly upon the guilt or innocence of the
' President as if he was responding to the question
' of guilty or not guilty in the concluding scene
' of a formal impeachment. We are, then, (said
•Mr. B.,) trying an impeachment! But how?
'The Constitution gives to the House of Repre-
' sentauves the sole power to originate impeach-
* ments; yet we originate this impeachment our-
' selves. The Constitution gives the accused a
' right to be present; but he is not here. It re-
' quires the Senate to be sworn as judges; but we
* are not so sworn. It requires the Chief Justice
' of the United States to preside when the Presi-
' dent is tried; but the Chief Justice is not here
« presiding. It gives the House of Representa-
' Uves a right to be present, and to manage the
' prosecution; but neither the House nor its man-
' agers attend this proceeding. It requires the
' forms of criminal justice to be strictly observed;
« yet all these forms are neglected or violated. It
' is a proceeding without law, without justice,
' without precedent! in which the Cmef Magis-
' trate of the Republic is to be tried without being
* heard, and in which his accusers are to act as
' Ins judges."
This is what I said two years ago. I choose
to refer to it as then said, and to repeat it now,
first, to show that my present opinions of the con-
duct of the Ss..aic were formed two years ago,
and fully expressed then, and are not the creation
of subsequent events and afterthoughts; and sec-
ondly, tliat the specifications tnen made were laid
hold of, and expressly objected to, as showing
the impeachment character of the resolution; so
that the proof is clear that they were withdrawn
to avoid objections which could not be answered,
and on which votes could not be taken. I thus
show that the opinions expressed in this fifth
proposition are as old as the commencement of
the Senate's proceeding against the President;
and what is, perhaps, more material, I have
shown, from the resolutions proposed in the Ken-
tucky Legislature, in the case of Judge Innis,
that they were expressed by others long before I
had any occasion to form opinions upon such
subjects. I will place my proposition by the side
of that resolution, and leave it to any one to show
adifference, except in the circumstance that makes
the conduct of the Senate many ten thousand
times more censurable than the conduct of the
Kentucky General Assembly.
It was thus, Mr. President, that I challenged
the unconstitutionality of the Senate's proceed-
ing on the moment of the first introduction of this
fatal tesolution. I did so from a thorough con-
viction of its total infringement of the Constitu-
tion. I knew then, and I know now, what was
due to the Senate, and what was implicated of
myself in the expression of such an opinion. I
knew that I spoke under a just mid mighty re-
sponsibility to that enlightened discernment and
high moral sense of the community which no
man may be permitted to disregard, and which is
so prompt to perceive, and so able to avenge, the
outrage of unjust accusation. I knew that the
charge must be made good or recoil upen its au-
thor; and I went on at that time to justify the
challenge which I had made. Will the Si nate
indulge me in the reading of a few words of what
1 then said, and winch will stand for a part of
my speech now > This is the part which I beg
leave to repeat.
Mr. R. then read from the same debate:
" Mr. BEVTONcalled upon the Senate to consider
' well what they did before they proceeded further
'in the consideration of this resolution. He called
• upon them to consider what was due to the House
' of Re presentatives, whose privilege was in vadee!,
' and who had a right, and which had a right, to
' send a message to the Senate complaining of the
' proceeding, and demanding its abandonment.
' He conjured them to consider what was due to
' the President, who was thus to be tried in his
1 absence for a most enormous crime—what was
' due to the Senate itself in thus combining the
' incompatible characters of accusers and judges,
' and which would itself be judged by Europe and
' America. He dwelt particularly on the figure
' which the Senate would make in going on with
' the consideration of this resolution.    It accused
*  the President of violating the Constitution, and
' itself committed twenty violations of the same
' Constitution in making the accusation. It ac-
' cused him of violating a single law, and itself
' violated all the laws of criminal justice in pros-
' ecuting him for it! It charged him with con-
' duct dangerous to the liberties of the people;
' and immediately trampled upon the rights of all
' citizens in the gratuitous assumption to protect
' them from that illusory danger.
Mr. B. would close this head. It was a pain-
ful one. It was a pointed and severe condemna-
tion of the Senate's conduct; but not more so
than had been pronounced in Kentucky in a case
many thousand degrees below the culpability of
the present one. Mr. B. would confront his
proposition with the concluding resolve in the
Kentucky case, and appeal to all candid men to
say if the censure then pronounced is not many
ten thousand times more applicable to the Senate,
who are the constitutional triers of President
Jackson, than to the Kentucky General Assem-
bly, who were not the triers of Judge Innis.
The fifth, proposition.            The Kentucky resolution.
'■The Senate being the con- "That the Constitution
stitutional tribunal for the and laws of the land seeur-
trial of the President when
charged by the Hou-eof P.ep-
r< sentativt s with offenses
a^un-t the laws and Con-ti-
tution, the adoption of the
said re-oluuon btforeany im-
peachment «Ms preferred by
the lioii-i', wis a breach of
the privileges of the House,
a violation of ;he Constitu-
tion, a tuhveriinn of justice,
a prejudication of a question
which might come before the
Pénate, and a di-ouahfica-
tion of that bodv to perform
its constitutional duty with
fairness and impartiality, if
the President should be after-
wards regularly impeached
bythe House of Representa-
tives for the same offense."                                               ¡
VI. Mr. B. took up his sixth proposition, and
read it:                                                                           ,
" And whereas, the temperate, respectful, and argument-
ative defense and protest of the President against the afore- i
said proceeding  ol the Senate was rejected and repulsed
by that bodj, and was voted to be a breach of its privileges,
and was not permitted to be entered on its Journal, or
printed among its documents, while all memorials, peti-
tions, resolves, and remonstrances against the President,
however violent or unfounded, and calculated to inflame
the people against him, were duly and honorably received, '
eneomiastieally commented upon in speeches, read at the
table, ordered to be printed with the long list of names at- '
taehed, referred to the Finance Committee for consider-
ation, tiled away among the public archives, and now eon- j
stitute a part of the public documents of the Senate, to be
handed down to the latest posterity."
Resuming his speech, Mr. B, went on to say
that the statements in this proposition were
merely historical, and intended to preserve the
ing to each citizen, whether
in ur out of office, a fair and
impartial trial, whether by
impeachment or at common
law. the example of a 1( gis-
lative body, before the com-
mencement of any prosecu-
ttou, expressing an opinion
upon the guilt or innocence
of an implicated individual,
would tend to subvert the
fundamental punciples of
justice."
memory of the manner in which the defense of
the President was repulsed, and the attacks of
his assailants w<_re received. The proof of the
main allegations will be found in the Joumah of
the session of 1833-34; but what that Journal
does not show, and what no history can ever
adequately tell, is the violence and fury with
which the President was denounced, and his pro-
test stigmatized during all that period. It was a
period which covered the progress of the Virginia
elections, which, protracted through the month
of April in that State, are extended in some in-
stances into the month of May. The debate in
the Senate on the protest was calculated for the
meridian of that State, and spread over the three
weeks that the remaining elections had to con-
tinue; and during all that time a daily torrent of
invective was poured upon his head, and lan-
guage the most furious and contumelious was
lavished upon him, exhibiting, perhaps, a degree
of virulence in the breasts of those who had just
been acting as judges never before witnessed in
our America, never seen in England since the
time that Jeffries rode the western circuit, and
never seen in France before or since the time when
the revolutionary tribunal sat in judgment upon
the noblest spi'its of the country, and called up, to
be insulted at the bar, those whom it dismissed
to be detruncated on the scaffold. This scene
ended in the adoption of the resolution which will
be found at page 253 of the Senate Journal for the
session of 1833-34: "That the aforesaid pro-
test   IS   A   BREACH   OF   THE   PRIVILEGES   OF  THE
Senate, and that it be not entered on the
Journals."
A breach of their privileges! The attempt of
the President, after sentence pronounced upon
him, to show that it ought not to have been pro-
nounced, to be solemnly voted to be a breach of
the privileges of this Senate! What are, then,
our privileges ? Is it the privilege of the Senate
to condemn without hearing, ana to insult whom
it condemns? In the language of the Kentucky
resolutions, is it their privilege to arraign the
public officer who may have committed a violation
of the laws and Constitution of the Union, and
to fix an indelible stigma upon him, without the
forms of trial or judicial proceedings ? Is it their
privilege to consume the public treasure, and the
public time in investigating subjects not within
their sphere? Is it their privilege to violate the
right to that fair and impartial trial which the
Constitution and the laws of the land have secured
to every citizen in or out of office, whether tri-
able by impeachment or at common law ? Is it
their privilege to exhibit the example of a legis-
lative body, before the commencement of any
prosecution, expressing an opinion upon the guilt
or innocence of an implicated individual, and thus 
subverting the fundamental principles of justice?
More than all, is it the privilege of the Senate
to try the President of the United States upon
charges put forth by the Bank of the United
States, and to use against him the fifty pages of
accusation furnished by the bank, and not receive
one word of defense offered by himself ? Is it the
privilege of the Senate to act as witnesses, pros-
ecutors, and judges in the same case? Is it their
privilege to withdraw specifications from the rec-
ord, and retain them in the mind? to make a ver-
dict upon compromise, and to condemn the Pres-
ident without being able to tell for what? Is it
their privilege to receive petitions from one hun-
dred and twenty thousand people, demanding the
condemnation of the President, and not hear one
word from himself in vindication of his innocence ?
If these are the privileges of the Senate, then has
the President violated those privileges by protest-
ing against them. If not, then has the Senate
placed another entry upon its Journal, which
truth and justice would require to be taken off.
Mr. President, this condemnation of President
Jackson for violating the privileges of the Senate
is a much more serious affair than would seem
to persons not familiar with parliamentary law.
It is a conviction for a crime !—for a crime which
may affect the independence, the existence, and
the purity of the body. It is a crime for which
the Senate has a right to punish the offender—to
take him into custody by their Sergeant-at-Arms,
and have him brought to the bar of the Senate,
reprimanded, imprisoned, or required to apolo-
