202
APPENDIX TO THE COJXGRESSION  L GLOBE.
[March 18;
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
of Representatives which stood by him, and by
the plaudits showered upon the Senate which was
attacking him, but by the express declarations and
ostentatious pioclamations of the bank itself, for
to such a pitch of unparalleled audacity was the
impudence of that institution carried by its confi-
dence in its own moneyed power, and the cooper-
ative eflect of the Senate's conduct, that far from
denying, it boasted and gloried in its determina-
tion to drive the usurper, interloper, and profligate
adventurer, as the President was called, from the
high place which he dishonored. Here is one
of these declarations, issued by the President
of the bank himself, and published in the organ
of the bank, the Philadelphia National Gazette.
" The great contest now waging in this country is between
its free institution., and the v íolence of the vulgar despotism
The Government is turned into a baneful faction, and the
spiritot liberty contends agaiu-t it throuahout the country.
On the one hind is this miserable cibal, with ill the patron-
age of the Executive , on the other the yet unbroken mind
and heart ot the country, with the Senate and the bank.
The House ot Representatives, hitherto the instinctive
champion of freedom, shaken by the nuti-rue- of the kitchen,
hesitates for a time, but cannot fail before long to bleak its
own fetters first, and then those of the country In that
quarrel we predict they who administer the bank will shrink
from no proper share which the country may assign to them.
Personally they must be as indifferent as any of their fellow
citizens to the recharterof the bank , but they will not suf-
fer themselves, nor the institution intrusted to them, to be
the instrument of private wrong and public outrage, uor
will they omit any effort to rescue the institutions of the
country from being trodden und< r toot by a faction of inter-
lopers To these profligate adventurers, whether their
power is displayed in the executive or le¿isldlive depart-
ment, the directors of the bank will, we are satisfied, never
yield the thousandth part of an inch of their own personal
rights, or their own official duties and will continue this
resistance until the country, roused to a proper sense of its
dangers and its wrongs, shall drive these Usurper  out of
the high places they dishonor "
This public avowal of the design of the bank to
upset the Administration has been confirmed by
subsequent developments, and since the Prince-
ton address may be considered as the fixed and
permanent policy of the institution. In that ad-
dress the President of the bank thus holds forth:
" Never desert the country—never despond over Us mis-
fortunes    Confront its betrayers, as madmen are made to
quill beneath the stern gaze of fearless reason    They will
denounce you    Disregard their outcries—it is only the
«cream of the vultures whom they scare from their prey
1 hey will seek to destroy you   Itejoice that yourcountry's
enemies are yours   You can never fall more worthily than
In defending her from her degenerate children    If over
borne bv this tumult, and the cause seems hopeless, con-
tinue self sustained andself possessed   Retire to your fields,
but look bevond them    Nourish your spirits with medita   ¡
Hon on tho mighty dead who have saved their country
From your owi, quiet elevation, watch calrnlv this servile I
route, is ita triumph sweeps before you    The avenging I
hour will at last come    It cannot be that our free nation .
can long endure I In vulgar dominion of ignorance and prof
ligacy     Fon will l*te to see the laws reestablished — these
banditti wiU be scourged back to their taverns—the peniten-
tiary will reclaim its fugitives in office, and the only remem
trance which history mil preserie of them is the energy with
which you resisted and defeated them "
The levity and flwpancy with which the pres-
suie was abandoned by the bank in Philadelphia,
without giving notice to Us friends in the Senate,
was a encumstance on which Mi B dwelt at
large, not only to show the wantonness of the
piessuie, but the insolence of the bank towards
its fi lends and champions He wished to recall
to the íecollection of the Senate the scene of Fri-
day the 27th day of June, in the year of the pane
session. It was a day ot heavy presentation of
distress memorials, and great delivery of distress
speeches. It was one of the most alarming days
which the panic had produced It seemed to be
a rally for the last final effort. Never did the
alarm guns fire quicker—the tocsin ring louder—
or the distress flag float higher, than on that day.
The speeches which ushered in the distress me-
morials might be lost, or imperfectly reported,
but a statement of the memorials is presei ved upon
the Journal, and from that source I will read them
to the Senate:
Mr. B. then read from the Journal of Friday,
the 27th of June, 1834:
" Mr Hendricks presented the petition of upwards of
five hundred citizens of Marion county, Indiana, disap-
proving the removal of the public deposits, and praying a
recbarter of the Bank of the United btates
"Mr Ewino presented the memorial of one hundred and
three citizens of Harrison township, Piqua countj, Ohio,
disapprov ing the removal of the public money from the
Bank of the United States, and in favor of a national
bank
" Mr Tommnson presented the memorial of the citizens
of Newtown, Fairfield county, Connecticut, praying, as
the only remedy for existing evils, that the public money
may be restored to the Bank of the United States, and that
the Bank may be rechartered with suitable modifications
"Mr Ciay presented the memorial ot one thousand
seven hundred citizens of York county, Pennsylvania,
praying, as the onlv means ot restoring public and private
credit, the public money may be restored 10 the Bank of the
United States, and that that bank may be rechartered with
suitable modifications
"He presented the proceedings and resolutions adopted
at a meeting of the citizens ot Butler county, Pennsjl
vania, opposed to all the acts' of the Executive in relation
to the public money and the Bank of the United States,
and in lavor of rechartering that bank
" He presented the memoual of seven hundred citizens
of Mason county, Kentucky, remonstrating agun-t the acts
of the Executive in relation to the public monej and the
Bank of the United States, as an u->uipation of power, and
dangerous to the liberties and happiness of the people, and
praying (or its restoration, and a rechartcr of the bank "
Such were the memorials presented on Friday,
the 27th day of June, accompanied by the usual
lamentations over the ruin of the country, and
the usual commiseiation for the hard fate of the
bank, and the usual reiteration of the impossi-
bility of relieving the distiess until the deposits
were restored, or the recharter renewed. Such
was the scene going on in this Chamber, while
on the same identical day, and, peradventure, in
the same hour, the bank, calm as a summer's
morning, was quietly adopting a resolve to put
an end to the game—to cease curtailing—to re-
store exchanges—to loan five or ten millions of
dollars—to make money plenty, and to expand
its currency with more rapidity than it had ever
contracted it The resolve was adopted at the
board, and the result communicated to the New
York merchants with that flippant levity which
discriminates one branch of the bank school from
the ponderous verbosity of the other. The com-
munication, in the lightest style of an unimpoit-
ant note, stated that Congress was about to use
without doing anything for the relief of the coun-
try-, so the bank would relieve the country itself,
and immediately commenced loaning and expand-
ing with all possible íapidity. And so ended the
agony of six months; the light and flippant con-
clusion of the panic being in exact proportion to
the audacity of its conception, and the ferocity of
its execution. So true were the words of Presi-
dent Jackson, who constantly told the distress
committees to go back to Mr. Biddle, that he
could relieve them at any hour that he pleased '
But what are we to think of the insolence of this
institution, its contemptuous indifference to its
friends in the Senate, to let them continue to go
on in the old strain, singing to the old tune, and
repeating that eternal ditty: " That the removal of
the deposits made the distress, and nothing could re-
lieve that distress but the restoration of the deposits
or the renewal of the charter;" and thus exposing
themselves to ridicule in the Senate at the very
moment that the bank, throwing off all disguise,
and appealing in her true condition, bids adieu
to the panic, makes a laugh at the whole aflau,
and goes on to lun up us loans and cuculation to
the highest amount that the country would take
I know, Mr. President, that the four members
of our Finance Committee made a report in Uvoi
of the bank, and which will be íehed upon to
pi ove its innocence ofevti y thing laid to its charge,
but I know also, that the repoit was mconectin
Us views, mistaken in facts and in law, partial to
the bank, unjust to the Piesidentand to the House
of Representatives and to Mr Taney, injuiious
to the peopli, and dangerous to their lights and
liberties. I know this to be the character of that
report, for I studied it well, and made a motion
at the last session to recommit it, that I might
have an opportunity of showing what it was.
¡ Thatmotion was laid upon the table by the fi lends
| of the bank, and I was precluded from making
my exposition of us enors and infirmities; but
j what I was able to do then I am able to do now,
and if any one member of that committee shall
dissentfrom the judgment I have now pronounced
j upon their work I hold myself bound and ready
| to make it good, and even to show that I have
spoken in terms of limited censure and subdued
I moderation in respect to it. The gentleman who
I was the organ of the report [Mr. Tyler] is no
longer here, but three members of the committee
remain to defend their work; and we a'l remembei
that it was announced at the time that the com-
I mittee were unanimous in that repoit.
I     That it was the misfortune of the Senate so to
act during all this frightful scene, as to have the
effect of coopeiating with the Bank of the United
States, it is now my duty to show. With motives
or intentions, I have nothing to do, I deal with
acts alone ' and limiting myself to the most sub-
dued style of historical narrative, I piocetd to
enumerate the leading points which give to the
Senate's conduct the fatal aspect of a cooperation
with the bank.
1.  The nature and specifications of the charges
preferied by the Senate against the President,
being the same which the Bank had previously
set forth in all the newspapers engaged in us in-
terest, and in that famous manifesto of which I
have given the origin and read some parts.
2.  The arguments used by Senators in support
of these charges; being the same which had been
pieviously used by the bank in all its publica-
tions, and especially in that authentic manifesto.
3.   The adoption of all these speeches and re-
poits by the bank, about eight hundred thousand
copies of which aie ascertained to have been paid
for out of the corpoiate funds of the institution,
(costing about $26,250,) and distnbuted under the
frank of members of Congress fnendly to the
bank, into every quartei and cornel of the Union.
4.   In the identity of action on the fears and
passions of the community, by alarm meetings
got up by the bank, and alai in speeches dehveied
in the Senate.
5.  In the manner of treating the petitions against
the President, which were got up by the bank and
sent to the Senate, the whole of which weie re-
ceived with emphatic distinction, lead at the table,
applauded, referred, printed, laid away among the
ai chives, and transmitted to distant postenty in
the numeious volumes of our public documents.
6 In the concurrence of time in the peunds of
commencing operations in the Senate and in the
bank, the resolution for condemning the Piesi-
dent having been brought in on the last days of
December, and the two and-twenty oideis for
making the curtailment and pressure having issued
fiom the bank in the Januaiy following.
7.   In the concurrence of time in the peuoils of
terminating the operations in each case, and the
confoimity of these terminations to theoccmrence
of elections in New Yoik and Virginia, the Sen-
ate having leached the end of its process on the
28th of March, the bank curtailment having at-
tained its maximum on the first days of April,
and the elections occurring at the same peiiod
8.   In the long neglect to act upon the nomin-
ations of Government directors for the Bank of
the United States, and the eventual rejection of
all those denounced by the bank', whereby the
people of the United States were depuvid of the
lawlul shaie of lepiesentatton at tin boaid of the
bank during the period of the panic and pressuio.
9.   In the rejeetion of Mi Taney for the office
of the Secietary of the Treasury, after the speci-
fication of the illegality of his appointment had
been withdiawn, and after Senators had thus
deprived themselves of their own aigument for
¡ejecting him.
10 In the manner of receiving the plaudits of
the fi lends of the bank in the galleries of the
Senate for whatever was most o'iuisive to the
Piesidentand most honoiable to the bank
11. In the peiegunations and hniangiu sof Sen-
atois, who visited cities and travelled States,
making speeches to multitudes, declaiming against
the President, and lauding the bank.
12 In the unity, energy, and perseverance of
the attack in the Senate and at the bank upon the
ciedit and currency of the State banks, and es-
pecially of the State of New York, and above all,
of the safety-fund banks.
13.   In the illegal and unparliamentary appoint-
ment of the standing Finance Committee of the
Senate to visit and examine the Bank of the Uni-
ted States after the legal and parliamentary com-
mittee of the House of Representatives had been
repulsed, the said committee consisting of the
exclusive friends of the bank in its controveisy
with the President, and its public advocates on
the identical points most requiring examination.
14.   In laying on the table my resolution for re-
commuting the report of that committee, whereby
I was prevented from showing the illegal and
unparliamentary constitution of that committee,
the pauiahty of Us conduct  to the banl
tne
