204
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Abolition in the District of Columbia—Mr. Hoar.
Ho. of Reps.
for political offenses, and be of a character to en-
Jist the passions of many, and to agitate the
country. An effectual guaid,itwas supposed,
was provided against the abuse of the impeach- [
ment power, first, by requiring a charge to be
preferred by the House of Representatives, as
the grand inquest of the nation, and next, in con-
fining the trial to the Senate, and requiring a ma-
jority of two thirds to convict. The gravity, the
dignity, the age of the Senators, and the great
and \anous poweis with whidi they were in-
vested—greater and more various than are united
in the same persons under any other constitu-
tional Government upon earth—these were sup-
posed to make the Senate a safe depository for
the impeachment power; and if the plan of the
Constitution is followed out it must be admitted
to be so.
But if a public officer can be arraigned by his
rivals before the Senate for impeachable offenses
without the intervention of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and if he can be pronounced guilty by
a simple majority, instead of a majority of two
thirds, then has the whole fíame of oui Govern-
ment miscarried, and the door left wide open to
the greatest mischief which has ever afflicted the
people of free States. Then can rivals and com-
petitors go on to do what it was intended they
should never do; aceuse, denounce, condemn, and
hunt down each othei' Great has been the weight
of the American Senate. Time was when its
rejections for office were fatal to character, time
is when its rejections are rather passports to pub-
lic favor. Why this sad and ominous decline '
Let no one deceive himsel'" Public opinion is
the arbiter of character in our enlightened day; it
is the Areopagus from which theie is no appeal '
That arbiter has pronounced against the Senate.
It has sustained the President, and condemned
the Senate. If it had sustained the Senate, the
President must have been ruined ' as it has not,
the Senate must be ruined, if it perseveres in its I
course, and goes on to brave public opinion!—as
an institution, it must be ruined.                           j
Sir, I finish. 1 have endeavored to discharge '
a painful duty with firmness; but without vio-
lence. I have endeavored to keep within the
pale of recorded facts. I wish nothing to stand
upon my assertion, but every asseition to be re-
ferred back to the evidence and to be measured
by it. If any one thinks that I have been harsh
or severe, let him only carry back his memory
to the scenes of the panic session, and recollect
in what terms President Jackson and his ftiends i
were spoken of at that time. Above all, let him
remember that he is now present to speak, and
to vote, for himself; that he has two advantages
of which the President had neither; and, of one
of which, it behooves him to use wisely as well I
as justly; I speak of the voting power; and am free
to admit that so far as a Senator is backed by his
State in voting for himself, he votes efficiently and
justifiably, so far as he votes for himself against
the sense of his State, he votes without the in-
gredient which gives efficacy to his voice, and
leaves his case more deplorable than it was be-
fore.
ABOLITION IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
REMARKS OF HON. SAMUEL HOAR,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House op Representatives,
January 21, 1836.
The House having under consideration the following res-
olution offered by Mr Jarvis, of Maine
Retohed, That, in the opinion of this House, the subject
of the abolition of slavery in the District ol Columbia ought
not to be entertained by Congress Jind be it further re
solved, That in case any petition praying the abolition ot
slavery in the District ot Columbia be hereafter presented,
it is the deliberate opinion ot the Hou-,e that the same ought
to be laid on the table, without being referred or printed
And the following resolution, submitted by Mr Wise as
an amendment thereto
Resolved, That there is no power of legislation granted by
the Constitution to the Congress ot the United States to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, and that any
attempt by Congicss to legislate upon the subject of slavery
will be not only unauthorized, but dangerous to the Union
of the States,
Mr. HOAR addressed the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker: The resolutions on your table
present for the consideration of the House a dry
constitutional question. Not only has this ques-
tion been discussed by several gentlemen who
have addressed the House, but the subject of sla-
very as it exists in the States, its bearing on the
Union of the States, the relation which the several
States and the General Government bear to each
other, as far as this subject is concerned, have
been freely and warmly debated. I propose to
offer some remarks on the constitutional question,
and to answer some of the observations lespect-
mg the conduct of the governments of the north-
ern States which have been made in the course of
the discussion of these íesolutipns.
Before I enter on the consideration of the ques-
tion whether Congress can constitutionally abol-
ish slavery in the Distnct of Columbia, I wish to
exptess my views on the subject which seems to
have caused the principal alarm and apprehension
in the minds of gentlemen from the southern por-
tion of the Union. It has been observed by a
number of the members from that part of the
country, that the abolition of slavery in this Dis-
trict is an " entering wedge" to the abolition of
slavery in the States in which it exists. This
seems to be a very favorite expression with many
of the gentlemen who have addressed the House
against these petitions. Notwithstanding the very
high authority in its favor, the figure does not
seem to me in the least degree appropriate. By
an " enteung wedge," gentlemen are understood
to mean, in this case, a method of passing the
boundary between right and wrong, in a manner
almost imperceptible at first, and advancing grad-
ually to the completion of the wrongful puipose.
It is difficult to imagine a more clearly defined
limitation of power than is afforded by the Con-
stitution on this subject. The " hitherto shalt
thou come, and no further," is as clearly marked
here as in any other part of that instrument. If
the wedge shall ever be used, it will be introduced
head foremost.
There is no section, clause, nor expression in
the Constitution which would seem to suggest or
countenance the idea that it was intended by its
framers to give to Congress the power to abolish
slavery in the States. If the existence of slavery
is recognized, the control of it is left, by the fra-
mers of the General Government, where they found
it—with the States—where it exists. Among the
numerous political heresies started in different
parts of the country, I may have heard the doc-
trine that the General Government does possess
the power to abolish slavery in the States, alluded
to as one entertained by " some people," and
" somewhere;" but as far as I can recollect, I have
never heard any person, from any part of the coun-
try, assert or pretend that Congress possesses this
power. Whether slavery be right or wrong in
itself, the subject is exclusively for the consider-
ation of the State governments within the limits
of the States where it exists. The southern States
cannot, therefore, for a moment admit the power
in the General Government to mterfeie with this
subject in the States, without yielding their claim
to independence. No northern State can wish
them to make this admission, because, by parity
of reasoning, their own State powers would be
merged in the power of the General Government.
Far different are the provisions of the Consti-
tution in regard to this District. To Congress is
given the power " to exercise exclusive legisla-
tion , in all cases whatsoever, over" this District.
This language is as comprehensive, as plain, as
unambiguous as any which could have been used
to confer the power in question. If gentlemen,
denying the existence of this power, were called
on for proof of the existence of any other power
in Congress, they would find it difficult, as far as
the mere form of expression is concerned, to
name one more indisputably conferred. It then
is incumbent on those who deny the existence
of this power to show that, notwithstanding the
universality of this exoression, it was the inten-
tion of the framers of the Constitution to except
from the grant the power in question. This seems
to be conceded. It is not pretended, and indeed
cannot be pretended rationally, that the language
used is not sufficient to convey the power. It
is said, however, that though the language used
would, by its usual import, convey all power
of legislation, or rather exclusive power of legis-
lation, yet it cannot be supposed that it was
intended to confer on Congress unlimited power
over the inhabitants and propcity within the Dis-
trict. It is sa'd that this is not " an unlimited
absolute, despotic power of legislation over this
District."—(Mr. Leigh ) "That private prop-
erty cannot be taken for public use, and   much
less for private use, without compensation."__
(Mr. Pickens.) That " tne local L( gislature of
this District can pass no law which the States are,
by the Constitution, prohibited fiom passing, that
there aie great leading pi nciples in the natuie of
society, and of government, which prtsenbe limits
to our legislation, and that, fortunately, here the
Constitution speaks too plainly to be misunder-
stood, declaring that private property shall not
be taken for public use, without just compensa-
tion."—-(Mr. Wise.)
Comprehensive and strong as is the language
of the Constitution above cited, I do not contend,
Mr Speaker, that it was its design to confer un-
limited and despotic power on Congress over
this District. I have not very critically examined
all the exceptions which have been mentioned in
the course of this debate, because most of them
are irrelevant to the present question. Those
which have been urged as having a bearing on
the present question will be carefully examined.
If slaveiy cannot be abolished in this District
without violating the principle which prohibits
Government fiom taking puvate property foi
public use without compensation, slavery here
must remain undisturbed. In determining the
question, however, whether this great rule of
legislation would be violated by granting the
prayer of these petitions, it will be well to advert
to a rule which seems almost a mere tiuism, viz:
" That the intention of the parties to a contract,
or of the Legislature in passing a law, is to gov-
ern the construction." The intention, then, of
the framers of the Constitution is here the object
of inquiry. The authors of this instrument knew
well the force of the language they employed.
They were exceedingly cautious in guarding all
points where danger was apprehended. It will
not be said that there is any more direct expres-
sion used in any part of the Constitution declar-
ing the sense of the parties to this instrument,
and indicating an intended exception to the gen-
eral grant, than has been above mentioned.
I shall not much insist on the proposition that,
though slaves be propeity, they are also peisons,
and, as persons, their rights may be abridged or
enlarged, as justice and the good of the whole
may seem to require It might be urged that the
government of any State, consistently with all
the rights of individuals, might extend the prop-
erty of a fiee parent, in the labor of his child,
one year or five years beyond the common law
age of freedom; or abridge, to the same extent,
that property in the parent, and give it to the child.
It is to be observed that these resolutions equally
embrace all other modes of abolishing slaveiy, as
well as the immediate and univeisal emancipa-
tion of the slaves. Some of the arguments also
are founded on the supposed embarrassment to
southern membeis of the Government, coming to
this District with their families, while íesident
here for the dischaige of public duties. It is very
apparent that all these difficulties may be easily
avoided.
In order to solve the question, then, "how did
the parties to this instrument regard the point
now in issue when thp Constitution was made'"
inquiry should be made, " What was the practice
of the several Governments with which the par-
ties recently had been, or then were, connected!
That the Government of Great Britain pos-
sessed this power probably will not be doubted.
That Government has recently exercised the
power in relation to her West India possessions.
But I do not rely on this, except to show that
the stretch of power which Parliament had exer-
cised towards the colonies induced the fiamers
of the Constitution to guard vigilantly against
conferring dangerous powers on Congress. A
more important inquiry is, "What was, in fact,
the understanding and the practice of the parties
themselves on this subject at this time ' The
answer to this inquiry, it is believed, must settle
this question.
Seveial years before the United States Consti-
tution was made, (as early as 1780,) one State in
