1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
presumption in favor of their truth; yet, for the
sake of the incalculable benefit to be derived on
the whole from a free press, the immense evil is
tolerated. The slander of individuals depends on
different principles, and will be punished by grand
juries and traverse juries. Seldom, however, I
believe, will an attempt be successfully made to
punish, by indictment, any one for any writing
professing to have in view the advancement of
the public good on account of its seditious nature
or tendency. I do not mean to assert that a case
never has occurred in which this has been judi-
ciously done, nor that it can never be done here-
after; but it does seem that a careful examination
of the cases in which this has been attempted will
not lead to a conclusion very favorable to them.
What, then, is to be done ? It is asked, when
was fanaticism put down by reasoning ? I an-
swer, that it has, probably, been put down by
reasoning as often as by force. If honest, but
mistaken men are to be opposed, let the sword
lie still in the scabbard, and take up the pen.
Southern gentlemen will not distrust their own
power to meet argument with argument, when
truth is on their side'. I am quite sure that some
of the southern gentlemen will admit the inexpe-
diency and injustice of sending a mart to become
cool within the walls of a prison, merely because
he has been a little too much heated in debate.
If mere fanaticism is in question, the most effect-
ual antidote is neglect. If, in two centuries,
there has been but one insurrection among the
■laves of the South, it is difficult to believe that
gentlemen have not overestimated the danger to
be apprehended from that source in consequence
of any essays to be sent from the North. The
southern States can make such provision as to
them shall seem expedient for the punishment ot
any person, from whatever quarter of the world
he may come, who shall be found attempting to
instigate their slaves to insurrection and rebellion.
If any such person shall suffer, having been
fairly tried for his offense, he will probably suffer
with little more sympathy than others excite who
suffer for their crimes.
I have no more of an inclination than I have of
a right to dogmatise on this1 threadbare spot.
Perhaps my views are wholly wrong. It may
appear, within some few months, that northern
legislators will find no difficulty in accomplishing
what is required of them; or, if they should meet
difficulties, some southern statesman may sug-
gest a method of obtaining their object which,
upon examination, will be approved by the public
voice. If so, all freemen will rejoice that, at
length, that great desideratum in legislation is
supplied—a method of effectually suppressing
the licentiousness of the press without infringing
its liberty.
It is readily granted that it is scarcely possible
for man to inflict a greater evil on his fellow-man
than is inflicted by the malicious or thoughtless
dissemination of falsehood; bat can human tri-
bunals so distinguish between the different classes
of writers as to «end one class to the penitentiary,
and give due rewards to the other? That this
can in no instance be done is not affirmed. The
experience of the world thus far, however, would
seem to apply to this ease generally the mandate:
M Let both grow together unta the harvest-.' *
NATIONAL- DEFENSE.
REMARKS OF HON. J. J. fcRIt^NDEtf,
•    ,     OF  KEKTUCKT,., ,      ,
In- tmc Senate, February 2,1836V
The resolution  introduce* Kv Mr. Behtoi . forappwpiv
sting the SurpJo* Revenue to the National Defease*, being
before the Senate,
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he was very sensible
of the small claims he had upon the attention of
the Senate, and felt that he should stand in need
of all its indulgence.
The debate had been of a very discursive ch*r-
acter, and had led to some discussion of the con-
duct of the Senate. In the course of it, the Senate
had, with great solemnity, been accused of neg-
lecting proper measures for the defense of the
country, and of having defeated the passage of
the fortification bill of the last session. As he
(Mr. C.) was not then a member, and having no
personal knowledge of the circumstances and pro-
ceedings on which the accusation was founded,
he did not intend to engage in the controversy on
that part of the subject. He would say, however,
that the confidence he had long entertained in the
wisdom and patriotism of the Senate, had induced
him to anticipate that their conduct would be
found to be free from any merited reproach or
imputation.
He had been confirmed in that opinion by all
the disclosures that had been made in the course
of this discussion. But, sir, (said Mr. C.,) the
Senate of the United States needs not my poor
vindication. It needs no man's vindication. It is
the same Senate that for years past has maintained
here the noblest struggle for our laws, our liberty,
and our Constitution. Its conduct is before the
world. It belongs to history, and its brightest
pages will be illuminated with the names of those
illustrious Senators who were foremost in that
great struggle. To the accusations and reproaches
with which they had been assailed throughout the
long period of their trial and their glory, they
may safely turn their backs, and look proudly
forward for the grateful judgment of their country
and posterity. In the great reckoning on which '
that judgment will be pronounced, the " fortifi-
cation bill" of the last session will be but an insig-
nificant item, and the secrets of its fate will be con-
sidered too worthless for any inquiry or research.
But, sir, (said Mr. C.,) I am called upon to
consider the resolutions offered by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] and to vote in
favor of them seems to be exacted by some gen-
tlemen as the only admissible evidence of patriot-
ism and proper American feeling. Modified as
these resolutions have been by the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee, {Mr. Grundy,]
they embrace, in the generality of their terms,
room enough for almost every variety of opinion,
and no Senator can probably feel any difficulty
in voting for them. In the original form in which
they were offered, they contained the distinct and
simple proposition that the entire "surplus reve-
nue of the United States, and the dividends of
stock receivable from the Bank of the United
States," should be appropriated and applied ex-
clusively to warlike preparations for defense of the
country, by the construction of fortifications, the
procurement of cannon and arms, and the increase
of our naval means. As amended, the resolutions
require only that to much of those funds shall be
appropriated to those objects as may be necessary.
How much is necessary, is a question left entirely
open. But it is evident, from the remarks of the
Senator from Missouri, and from his ready ac-
ceptance of the amendment of the Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr.GwrNDT,] that he considers that
amendment as changing the phraseology, without
altering the effect of-his original resolutions; and
that, according to his vie w, the whole will be neces-
sary, and ought to be applied to the warlike prep-
arations recommended by him. This course of
expenditure and warlike preparation, it must be
recollected, is advocated by that Senator as a set-
tled system «f policy proper to be pursued in times
of profoundest peace'; for he tell  us that he should
equally urge and recommend it, if our difficulties
with France (the Only cause that threatens our
peace) did not exist.
To this system, Mr. President, I am opposed,
as unnecessary, unwise, and improper.
For the necessary defense of our country I am
teady to vote all the millions in your Treasury,
and ten times as much—ready to give everything,
and do everything; and, if L were not, I should
be a faithless representative of ray constituents.
But is the vast appropriation proposed by the
Senator from Missouri necessary and proper for
the defense of the country? That is the subject
of inquiry?
The present surplus revenue, and the dividends
of Stock receivable from the Bank of the United
States, cannot amount to much less than thirty
millions of dollars, if it does not exceed that
amount; and this, with all the surplus revenue
that may accrue in future, ought, according to
the Senator from Missouri, to be set apart and
appropriated exclusively to the warlike prepara-
tions before stated.
I object to this appropriation as an unparalleled
extravagance.   If the real object is to get rid of
all this treasure as of a troublesome thing, a more
objectionable scheme could scarcely have been
devised. The proposition to apply to military
purposes all the surplus public revenue of the
people, seems to me to be only less extravagant
than to call upon them for their plowshares to be
molded into swords. There is no necessity nor
reason for such a sacrifice. The plowshare is
much better employed, and so, in my judgment,
may also be the money.
It is to be remembered that all this money has
been the produce of peace. Has peace no claims
upon it ? Is she to be considered as a mere slave,
toiling to prepare for war ? and are all her accu-
mulations to be expended in warlike preparations?
Are these to be made the paramount objects of
Government? I trust not, sir. Our country every-
where presents us with objects claiming the pa-
rental care and bounty of the Government. Let
these have a share out of your abundant treasure,
and let portions of it be, in some mode or other,
returned to the people, to increase the sources of
national wealth from which it came. I am will-
ing, sir, to go on in the policy which the Govern-
ment has heretofore pursued on this subject, and
to vote for suitable and even liberal appropriations
for the general defense and security of the coun-
try. Such appropriations have been constantly
made from the very origin of our Government;
and from official documents it appears that from
the 1st of January, 1817, to the 1st of January,
1835, there has been expended on our military
and naval establishments $40,655,458 37. Of
this sum All,171,712 70, was expended on the
Navy, and the balance of $29,483,745 67 upon
the military establishment; of which last sum,
$15,025,812 04 was expended on fortifications.
But, not content with the customary and usual
appropriations for these objects, the honorable
Senator [Mr. Benton] now asks us to appro-
priate the whole of the surplus revenue. Besides
other objections that I have to this scheme of
policy, one of no small consequence with me is,
that it, in effect, confines the whole expenditure
of the revenue to the line of our sea-coast, and
cuts off the western and interior States from the
hopes they have indulged of a more equal dis-
tribution and expenditure of the public revenue.
The financial operations of this Government have
always been such that the money drawn from
the West has been expended on other sections of
the country. This has heretofore been a matter
of necessity, resulting^from the condition of the
Union. But the national debt is now paid, and
the time has arrived when we might justly expect
a more equal participation in the disbursement of
the public money. This just expectation seems
to be fortified by every consideration that belongs
to the subject. We have contributed our full
portion of the public revenue, whether resulting
from direct or indirect taxation; and, in addition
to this, vast sums of money have been paid into
the Treasury from the West for the purchase of
public lands. Heretofore we have been thus con-
stantly paying, and receiving back nothing. This
course of things has operated as a perpetual drain
upon the West, and nothing but its extraordinary
natural resources could have enabled us so long
to bear up prosperously against it. We cannot
always do so.
Of the surplus now in the Treasury more than
twenty millions are the proceeds of the sales ot
public lands within the last three years. I do not,
sir, cherish sectional feelings or jealousies; I look
upon the whole United States as my country; but
still, while ready to serve the general cause, I
must not entirely forget the special interest of my
own particular section of country and of my own
constituents. And it does not seem to me that
the time has come when, upon every principle of
policy and justice, I may claim for it and them
some share in the accumulated riches of your
Treasury. But to the undoing of these expecta-
tions, and to cut us off from future hope, the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] proposes
to seize upon and expend the entire surplus rev-
enue on fortifications, the Navy, &c; thuscon-
tinuing the old system, so exhausting to the West,
of expending all the money received from it upon
distant sea-coasts. The unequal and, as I think,
unjust operation of such a course must constitute
a strong objection in the minds of western men.
