1836.]                                   APPENDIX'TOTHEiCOWORESSIONAEfGfcQBB/                                      909
34th Cone.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Crittenden.
StKvri.
that some gentlemen here have manifested at the
bare recollection of its fate. I had supposed that
this sensibility had been more confined to the sea-
coast, where the money was to have been ex-
pended, and to sorrowful contractors and 'under-
takers, who were disappointed, perhaps, in their
anticipations of good contracts and fat jobs. I
am bound to state that, unpatriotic as such a want
of sensibility may seem to be, there was not, in
all the section of country from which I come, the
least exhibition of popular distress, or even regret,
upon the occasion. And if any of the Senators
who are charged with having defeated that bill
should be prosecuted for the offense, and can ob-
tain a change oftentu to Kentucky, they maybe
assured of a very impartial trial; for if there is
any man there that made the fate of this bul a
matter of any care, concern, or importance, I do
not now recollect him. Yet Senators tell us here
that a " tremendoas responsibility" -must rest
somewhere for the loss of that bill. The process
by which this "tremendous responsibility" is
got up is curious enough. It is by impjxaing that
in consequence of the loss of the bill the French
had invaded oar country, captured our cities, and
destroyed our people. Can anything, air, be
more idle or extravagant than such $mppositiont—
suppositions gravely made the basis of argument
here long after they have all been coritradieted
bj facts? The French had no cause to invade
us; we had no ground to apprehend such an in-
vasion; and in point of fact they did .not invade
us, or capture oar cities', or destroy our people.:
What, then, becomes of this imagined " tremen-
dous responsibility " that has rcsonnded so much
and so fearfully in this debate ?                            <
Oar present selations and our pending contro-
versy with France have also been discussed at
large on this occasion.    That subject had, for
some time passed, created, much concern and
agitation in the public mind, and war was, by
many, anticipated as the most probable result.
For his part, he had not believed that war could
be made out of such slender materials, but still
he could not avoid all apprehension on the sub-
ject.    The parties were id that state of irritation
easily to be inflamed, and in which trival circum-
stances might produce important consequences.
In this critical situation of affaire, he was cunóos
and anxious to know what measures were de-
signed, and to be recommended by the Executive.
It was (he said) in this anxious and listening
mood that, on a former day of this debate, he
observed, with pleasure, the honorable* Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Gbujwt] rise to address
the Senate on the subject.   Whatever should fall
from so distinguished a friend and supporter of
the Administration, might, he supposed, be re-
garded as high evidence of the coarse intended to
be pursued by that Administration.    He was,
therefore,anattentivelistener. TbatSenator,{Mr.
GauNDT,] after discussing the grounds of contro-
versy with France, and concluding that-our Gov-,
eminent had been in the right throughout, that
France was in the wring-, and persisted in the
wrong, then demanded " what was to be doner" i
and called upon Senators " to come up to the i
mark, and to say openly what they were for." i
This (said Mr. C.) waa just the point on which '
I wanted to hear the gentleman himself; and ,
when that Senator proceeded immediately to say
" that for his part he bad no objection to declare
>«n£l9whathewa for,"myattentionwas quick-
ened to the utmost.   The gentleman paused for
an instant, as if to collect himself for the occasion,
and then made his promised frank avowal by
•taring " that he was not willing things should
remain exactly as they were.''   You must judge,
Mr. President, how I was enlightened and affected
by this most/rani and explicit datloivre.   That
Senator, sir, is an old and valued acquaintance,
and I claintaome sort of affinity with him as an
old Kentuckian.   Willing!© reciprocate all good
offices with him, I am determined that his extreme
frtmbuu on this occasion ahall be fully recipro-
cated ; and happy I am, sir, to be able to repay the
obligation literally, by here declaring, as I now
moat conscientiously do, to that gentleman, (bow-
ing to Mr. Gsuwrr,) " that I am not willing that
things should remain exactly as they are."
Mr. President, the belligerency of this debate
No. 14
seeaa to have increased as the prospect of war I
has decreased.   Since our last adjournment on
Thursday or Friday, wa have all heard of the
offered mediation of Great Britain for the arnica- |
ble settlement of our controversy with France,
and of the acceptance of that mediation by our j
Government.   This intelligence has diffused a ¡
general satisfaction, and an almost perfect assur- i
anee of the continuance of peace, and the resto-
ration of all our former friendly relations with
France.   The honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Ms. BtrcHAKAu] expresses his confidence
that war will be averted; and yet^air, at this very j
moment of returning peace and good will, that -I
Senator has indulged in a hostile and reproachful
strain of discussion. With rueful industry he-has <
gone over the whole ground of our controversy,
and all the diplomacy connected with it, collect-
ing together every little circumstance, and odd
end of speech, message, or correspondence, that
could be made the subject of reproach or animad-
version against France; and finally concludes with
a charge of willful bad Jhith against her Kins and
Government.   Why is all this, Mr. President?
We have had an unfortunate disperte with an old
friend. We are on the eve of an honorable recon-
ciliation ; and are about to shake again, in friend'
ship, the only hand, among all the nations of the
earth, that fought with us, and for us, in the bat*
ties of our Revolution. < Why, at such a time,
and on such an occasion, does the Senator [Mr.
Bvcha-naii] assume such a tone and language of
insult and exasperation?  Why insult the people'
of France by accusing their Government of bad'
faitk ?  In the midst and heat of the controversy,
our President has often and solemnly disclaimed
the making of any such accusation.   There was
certainly much  less reason for the Senator's
making it, now that the contest is virtually
ended.
But I remember, Mr. President, that the Sena-'
tor differs very much with the President of the
Uaited States in relation to these French affairs.'
He thinks that the President has bee  altogether
too forbearing and too moderate in his conduct to-
wards France, and he openly expresses his disap-
> probation of that forbearance, and rebukes that
moderalibn. Yes, sir, we have seen and heard the
Senator from Pennsylvania—that land of honest
¡ peace and honest industry—the land of tbepesce-
ful Perm—gravely rebuking General Jackson for
i his gentleness ana too great moderation. Nothing
can be added, sir, to that picture.                       <
The same Senator, further to aggravate the 6od
faith which he charges against the French Gov-
ernment for their failure to perform on their part"
the treaty of July, 1631, has represented that
treaty as most favorable and beneficial to France,
and states that, in consequence of the reduction
of duties or taxes stipulate t for by that treaty,
Upon the importation of French wine* and silks
into our country, France had already pocketed
three millions of dollars of our money, and was.
still reaping this golden harvest. If this be re-
ally so, what becomes of the much boasted diplo-
macy (o Which we-are indebted for that treaty—
a treaty by which «France has been enabled to-
ptcktt, ana will continue to pocket,,about one
million of dollars per Annum of our moneyf
But I think it must be very clear that the gen-'
tlemoafi  entirely mistaken, and that his state-
ment, thdugh sanctioned a  he supposes it to be,'
by official authority from otfr Treasury Depart-
ment, is altogether erroneous. It may be, true
that, if the importations of French wines and
silks had been the same under the undiminished
duties that they have been under the duties as di-
minished in conformity to that treaty, the differ-
ence in point of revenue to this Government
might have been the same (three millions) stated
by the gentleman/ But it by no means follows
that, because that sum has been prevented from
going into our Treasury, it has gone into the
pocket of France The gentleman has only mis-
taken 'the pocket into which it has gone, as will
be evident to him on a moment's reflection. The
chief effect of the reduction of duties on the arti-
cles of wines and silk* has not been to put the
amount of the reduction into the pockets of the
importers of these articles, but to cheapen them
to the consumer.   And thus, air, ¿ñateadof trans-
ferring three millions of our money te'Frtench ->
pockets, the principal effect of the diminished:
duties is to enable 'some poor girl to buy a silk
dress, or some poor fellow to buy a draught of >
wine, which they conld not otherwise do.   Such
an effect, I hope, would not be at all obnoxious
to the Senator.'
The same honorable Senator seems to think
that it is, somehow or other, indispensable to our
dignity-and independence that we should, at all
hazards, compel France to pay the Sum of money
which by treaty she owes us, and that her failure
and refusal to make thatnayment Reflect dishonor
and disgrace upon usj Whenever it shall become,
necessary, Mr. President, Ihopejjiat I shall be
ready—Iknow that my constituents will be ready
—to go to evtry estrtmify of haa&filte warfare
for the vindication of our-country's dignity and
enough to discover how the honor1 and ^gnfty1'of'
our country aretniieh cMícemetírorahis occasion.
I cannot jyjrceiyj} how our.hojpor ¡piAfP^ty we
to be avecte'd by the failure or refusal or France
to pay us the debt slie owes.' If {he debtor fails
or news   to pay the debt he owes, the «orpac¥,
whatever it may be, falls upon h¡ira.|i Whoever;-
heard that, in such a case, the honor of the cred-
itor was supposed to be affected by the miscon-
duct of the debtor ?         :S -                          '
- The nom-paymsrtf! by Fradce of the debt sne
Owes us seems tome to tos a-«tetter that affects-
Our irttrtst rather titan our Asttn-/ and,'therefore, -
that all questions .a* to pleasure  of redress, by
waror otherwise, are merely quWtions of expe-
diency •for' our own discretion to determine.      '
I agree with the honorable Senator (Mr. Bt/ch-
awah] that FrancsjOwes vs twenty-five millions
of francs, being sérnething less thai) five million 
of dollars', and that she assigns, an 'insufficient
reason for withholding pryaient. But this- is the'
whole head and front other offending. We have'
no other complaint abainst her. Would it vbe>
expedientaba proper for us to make war fersuJjrr
a cause? There is,no other cause of complaint'
on our part. France has in no' way offended-
against us rat this occasion -eicspt only by her
fmkire toipay the money in question. Shall we;
go to wbt to enforceinr payment*           ■     . ~i
-  it is needless to discush the queetlen.' Tfiarik
God, the danger of thi  wanna  pasted; bytandt
we have, as I belifcve/arj alatostaertám assurance
of reconciliatisn and peace with «France.   Such
an issue of this-controversy tmánot be regarded-
otherwise than as a matter of public congratula-
tion.   If WBT had been its result/1 should have'
contributed all that Was in «y humble; power to:
render my country successful in- that war.   War
of itself would have been a sufficient reason with;,
me to take my country's side, without reference
to its cause. But, sir, 1 must can&swthat 1 should
have been most loth to witness any such .a wari
as that with which we have beemthreateved.   A
war with whom, and for whati   A war with
France, our fret, our ancient ally—whose blood
flowed far ns, and with our own, in the great-
straggle thai gave -ns'freedom,and made >us  **••
tion!   A war for money I a pettsH r*,tr7r sum- of
money!   I knoW of no inutawte-i-eertaHily wone-
among the civilieed nation  of modern timws—,
of a war waged for soon w object; and¿if it bo'
among the legitimate cause  rf<w«vit w>* j e*#
the most inglorious .of thess'.sih-i Iowsfc-satorsb
but little of that- generous inspiration winch, in a.
nibk eaasek-gives to war it* magmwimitjr «a*
its glory. "'VV8B,/brtno«<«ymusteve 'bB>anig«eti
We «rife.   On its barren fields the laurel cannot
flourish.    In the sordid contest but little honor
can be won.andt^toryheiwlfisaJnwsrt despoiled
of her triumph.                           ''                    '
If we should attempt, by warv to compel France
to pay the money in question, none who know,
the two nations can doubt bat the' contest woifld
be fierce, bloody, and obstinate.   Suppossvdtow- -
ever, that our success is such a* finally to enable -
us to dictate terms to Franee.and to oblige her
to pay the money.   Imagine, Mr. President, that
the little purse, the prize of war and carnage, is
at last obtained.   There it is,*ir, stained with
the blood of Americans, and of Frenchmen, their
ancient friends.   Could you, sir, behold or pocket
tfcabbtood-atarned purse,.without some emouona
