210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 16,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Sufferers by New York Fire—Mr. Phillips.
Ho. of Reps.
of pain 'and Temorse ?   I will follow the subject
no further.
Permit me, Mr. President, in conclusion, to
express 1T15' thankfulness for the hope and confi-
dence I now entertain, that we are to be saved
from the calamity of such a war. And I will,
sir, indulge the further hope, that the amicable
settlement of all our difficulties with foreign na-
tions, may contribute to restore more harmony
to our councils here, and enable us, in a more
fraternal spirit, to act together upon the great
subjects of domestic policy, in which the perma-
nent interest and prosperity of our common coun-
try are more immediately concerned.
SUFFERERS BY NEW YORK FIRE.             1
SPEECH OF HON. S. C. PHILLIPS,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
February 16, 1836.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the New
York Relief bill and the motion of Mr. Hardin, to strike
out the proviso of the first section, still pending,
Mr. PHILLIPS said:
Mr. Chairman: 1 have felt it my duty to ex-
amine with care the provisions of this bill, and
to weigh the objections which have been urged
against it. From an acquaintance with the state
of business,and thegeneral situation of merchants
in the city of New York, from personal observa-
tion of the immediate effects of the recent calam-
ity, and from inquiry into the probable extent of
its wide-spread consequences, I have been con-
vinced of the importance, nay, of the absolute ne-
cessity of some early provision on the part of this
Government for the relief of its debtors in that
city; and, upon reflection, I am satisfied that it is
not more the impulse of liberality, than the ob-
vious dictate of sound policy, to do at least all
that is proposed in this bill.
The bill provides for two objects: First, the
relief of such debtors of the Government as were
immediate sufferers by the fire; and secondly, the
relief of all who were indebted to the Government
in the city of New York at the time when the fire
occurred.' The proposed relief is confined, in
both cases, to debtors of the Government, and '
consists simply of an extension, without interest,
of the time of payment of bonds given, to secure
the duties upon goods recently imported. This
relief it is proposed to afford in the largest meas-
ure to the immediate sufferers, and in a less de- >
gree to the others, who are supposed to be liable ■
to temporary embarrassment, if not direct loss,
from the necessary consequences of such a ca-
lamity.
The extension of payments thus provided for, '
is an indulgence which the Government can grant, '
in the present state of its finances, without incon-
venience, and, under the existing arrangements
of the Treasury Department, without any sacri-
fice. Such is the amount of surplus revenue
already collected, that, if these bonds were paid
at maturity, the Government would have no use
for the money, and it would be suffered to lie in
the deposit banks without interest. The effect
of the bill will therefore be to allow to the debtors
of the Government, rather than to the banks, the
gratuitous use of the amount of the bonds during
the time of extension. So far as the privilege
which the banks would otherwise enjoy may be
thus curtailed, they can have no right to complain,
since the use of the Government balances that
will still remain in their hands must be more than
an ample remuneration for the services they per-
form.
All that is proposed, then, is nothing more
than an ordinary arrangement, to which, under
various circumstances, creditors are often obliged
to accede, from considerations of prudence and
liberality. In this case, while there may be reason
to suppose that, by refusing such temporary
accommodation, the Government might fail of
securing its debts, it is clear that, by granting it,
it will afford direct and effectual relief to its
debtors, and, in relieving so many of them, do
much to restore confidence and hope to a dis-
tressed community.
The relation between the Government as a
creditor, and the citizens whom it requires to be-
come its debtors, by giving bonds for duties upon
imports, is, under our revenue system, in several
respects, peculiar; and the course of the discus-
sion upon this bill has shown that it is not suffi-
ciently understood. It differs essentially from
the usual relation between creditor and debtor,
inasmuch as it results not from an ordinary and
voluntary contract, as between buyer and seller,
but from a legislative action which creates the
debt without furnishing to the debtor an imme-
diate, but only a contingent equivalent. Let me
endeavor to illustrate rny meaning upon this
point, confining the illustration to the case of du-
ties secured by bonds. Immediately upon the
arrival of a ship in port, before the cargo can be
landed, the importer is required to execute his
bond, with sureties, for the amount of duties on
the goods consigned to him; and from that mo-
ment, except that he is entitled to an allowance
for damage ascertained to have been incurred
during the voyage of importation, he is respons-
ible to the Government for the amount of his
bond, whatever losses he may incur in landing
and storing the goods, or while they remain in
store, before he has had an opportunity of dis-
posing of them for consumption or export.
Should the goods be exported, he is entitled to a
drawback of the duty; if they are sold for con-
sumption, the duty becomes an increment of
value, and is received back by the importer in the
price which the consumer pays; but while they
remain in the warehouse of the importer, even,
as in many cases, under the lock and key of the
custom-house, the Government holds him re-
sponsible for the duties against all risks, and,
should the goods be destroyed or lost, will still
exact'the payment of his bond. Now it is obvi-
ously of no advantage to the importerthataduty
is thus levied upnn his goods, and it is as obvi-
ously not the design of the revenue laws that he
shall be a loser by reason of his being held sub-
ject to the payment of the duty; but the design
is, that the payment of the duty shall devolve
ultimately upon the consumer, and the Govern-
ment employs the importer as its agent for col-
lecting the duty from the consumer. When the
importer has sold the goods to the consumer,
(though he is obliged to take upon himself the
risk of bad debts, without any guarantee from
the Government,) he has realized a consideration
for his bond, and acquired the means bf paying
it; but, until that contingency has occurred, he
remains in the situation of an agent who, upon
the receipt of goods on consignment, has made
an advance in cash, or given an acceptance to his
principal, without being able to avail himself of
the legal privilege of the agent in such cases, of
recovering from the principal the amount of the
advance or acceptance, if the goods should be lost
or destroyed, in landing or in store, before they
can be sold.
The disadvantage and injury to which the im-
porter is thus exposed, may be attributed to a
prominent defect in our revenue laws—the want
of a warehousing ststem. In England, where
that system, after many gradual efforts to estab-
lish it, has been in full operation since 1826, the
evil does not exist. It is there provided that the
importer, upon landing his goods, may deposit
them, under the inspection of officers of the cus-
toms, in a " warehouse of special security," as
it is termed, which may be a private store or
quay, duly licensed for the purpose, under pre-
scribed regulations; and the goods arc allowed
to remain in such warehouse for a term of three
years, subject only to the standing bond of the
proprietor or occupier of the warehouse, or the
special bond of the importer " for the payment
of the full duties of importation, or for the due
exportation of the goods." If within three years
the goods are exported, the bond is discharged;
if they are taken " for home use," the duties are
payable in cash upon delivery from the ware-
house. While the goods are warehoused, the
duty does not accrue; if they are lost or de-
stroyed by unavoidable accidentin the warehouse,
the duty is not held to be payable; or, if they are
lost or destroyed "in landing or shipping," or
"in the receiving into, or delivery from, the ware-
house," the duty, " payable or paid," is remitted
or returned. While the goods remain in the ware-
house, sales may be made by one party to an-
other, (the law prescribing a mode of transfer,)
and the purchaser succeeds to all the privileges of
the importer; or, rather, the privileges attach to
the goods, so long as they remain in the ware-
house, whatever may be the changes of owner-
ship in the meanwhile. It is not until they are
about to pass into immediate consumption that
the duty is payable; and thus the importer has
the opportunity of collecting the duty from the
consumer before he is required to pay it to the
Government; and it is only after the goods have
passed into the consumer's hands that the Gov-
ernment is released from the risk of losing the
duty in consequence of any unavoidable accident
(by fire, or otherwise) that may befall the goods.
Such, Mr. Chairman, is the design of the Eng-
lish warehousing system; and the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Pickens] will perceive that,
in a case like the present, it would save harmless
(in respect to liability for duties) most of the im-
porters, for whose partial and temporary relief
this bill makes provision. Had the English sys-
tem been in operation at New York, a larg  pro-
portion of the imported goods destroyed by the
fire would have been warehoused, the duty would
not have accrued, and would not have been pay-
able, and the Government could not have been a
gainer by the calamity, as it now may be, since
it has secured the duty upon all goods which, if
not burnt, would have been exported, and will
derive an increase of revenue from the importa-
tion of goods required to supply the place of
those (also burnt) which were intended for con-
sumption.
I regret, sir, that the warehousing system could
not long since have been introduced here. As
perfected in England, it affords innumerable ad-
vantages to the commerce of the country, and has
not proved liable to abuse. I perceive no suffi-
cient obstacle to its introduction here. The prin-
ciple was partially recognized in the sixtieth sec-
tion of the act of Congress of 2d March, 1799,
providing for the landing, storing, and relading
of the cargoes of ships arriving from foreign ports
in distress, without requiring the consignee, in
such cases, to enter the goods and secure the
duty. The allowance of drawback upon goods
exported is also a partial recognition of the prin-
ciple; but it is only by adopting the system in its
entire extent, that we can secure to our citizens
the same advantages of foreign trade that are now
enjoyed in England, as well also as at most of the
principal ports of the continent of Europe. The
fire at New York furnishes striking proofs of the
injury and injustice to which merchants are ex-
posed from the want of the system; and I shall
consider it as the strongest indication of friendly
regard for the mercantile interest, whenever Con-
gress shall see fit to entertain a suitable proposi-
tion in reference to this object. I shall cheerfully
vote for this bill, because I consider it founded in
the most equitable principles, and because it pro-
vides'for a case of suffering of appalling magni-
tude; and yet I am not unaware that it furnishes
some foundation for the charge of partial legisla-
tion, inasmuch as there have been other cases,
similar in all important respects to this, in which
importers, from unavoidable accident, have been
subjected to the loss of goods upon which they
had secured the duties, and have received no re-
lief from the Government. It is impossible to
refer to any single case which exhibits an amount
of loss at all approaching to what has been sus-
tained at New York; but I am safe in saying that
the aggregate of losses in such cases as the Gov-
ernment has failed to provide for, if it could be
ascertained, would prove that importers have been
hitherto great sufferers from the unjust operation
of laws which are still in force, and from the want
of a system which might easily be established.
The gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Pickens,] misapprehending, as I conceive, the
relation between the Government and the im-
porter, upon which the provisions of this bill are
founded, has illustrated his view by the assertion
that the claim upon the Government is the same,
