1836L]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Sufferers by New York Fire—Mr. Phillips.
Ho. of Reps.
respite from the pressure of business, and they
were enabled to avail themselves of a brief leisure
to concert and attempt to execute their plane.
The efforts which they have made are memorable
proofs of manly fortitude and dauntless persever-
ance, which deserve, if they should not achieve,
success. They illustrate a public character which
is entitled to universal admiration. They indicate
a determined purpose which,if anything can,will
sustain them, in their most unequal struggle with
adversity, and enable them to start forward with
redoubled energy upon a prosperous career.
The crisis of their fate is still impending. The
extent of the calamity is not yet developed in its
results, and a period is approaching which must
put to the severest test their ability to support
themselves. Independently of their own fauitful
sources of embarrassment, the signs of the times
indicate a fearful tendency of events to aggravate
and multiply the dangers of their situation. What
is the state of things in the country at large ?—
Greatly brightened, I delight to acknowledge, by
the cheering intelligence which we have this day
received, but still sufficiently perplexed to deserve
anxious consideration. A year of unexampled
prosperity has close!, and another year has com-
menced, of which they who survive its termina-
tion may be obliged to render a different account.
A year has commenced fraught with results which
must leave a durable impression upon the po-
litical and financial condition of the country.
Never were men of business more unprepared for
sudden reverses and severe pressure, and yet
never, perhaps, has there been more signal occa-
sion to apprehend both. The over-trading of the
past year, the rage for wild «peculation, the abused
spirit of enterprise, have led, as it would seem,
■ to almost every conceivable misapplication of cap-
ital, in whatever form it exists, and to an exten-
sion of the system of credit to so dangerous an
extreme that it is difficult to imagine any mode of
rescue from the evils which it must produce.
The .present state of the money market affords
some indication of what may' yet be expected;
and let any member who has the means of form-
ing a correct judgment, turn his attention to the
freneral situation, at the preserit moment, of men
-of business, and of the many who, in the use of
the most unheard of expedients, and under the
impulse of the maddest passion for adventure,
have forced their projects and extended their
transactions so vastly beyond the views and pur-
poses of men of business, properly so called; let
him endeavor to form some idea of the unprece-
dented financial demands ef the coming year, of
the engagements to be met, the contracts to be
fulfilled, the notes and bonds to be paid; let him
consider the strained condition of the State banks,
and the necessary effects of the approaching dis-
solution of the Bank of the United States, unless,
indeed, they are to be obviated by a modified re-
suscitation of that important institution; let him
anticipate the various vicissitudes which usually
precede and follow a diminution of the value of
the leading staples of the country, and a general
depreciation of real and personal property; let
him notice the consequences-already experienced
at New Orleans, of a suspension of the trade with
Mexico; let him bear in mind the contingencies
to which all branches of our foreign trade are
constantly liable; and then let him judge of the
influence—the combined influence as it may prove
—of all these causes of commercial embarrass-
ment upon the straightened condition of the mer-
chants of New York. Lethim then decide whether
the circumstances are not, or may not be, such as
to justify this Government in extending to its
debtors, and all its debtors, in that distressed city,
the same measure of indulgence which, amongst
themselves no creditor is sufficiently regardless
of his honor or his interest deliberately to refuse.
Let him decide whether, when all other applica-
tions for assistance have been freely granted, their
resort to the General Government shall be coldly,
and sternly, and harshly repulsed. Let him con-
sider whether, when the stroke which has fallen
so heavily upon that city is universally regarded
as a national calamity, and when all that can be
done for her relief must be alike regarded as a
national benefit, we will assume the responsi-
bility of deciding that this Government may
safely, and wisely, and honorably, postpone the
claims of its debtors, and refuse to listen to the
united and urgent appeals of so many of its
citizens.
I have already noticed some of the objections
that have been urged against this bill; there are
others which may be supposed to deserve consid-
eration. The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Hardin,] with his characteristic promptness,
commenced an attack upon the bill before, as it
proved, he had become acquainted with its pro-
visions; and in the use of his accustomed weapons
of sarcasm and invective, endeavored to array
against it the untimely influence of sectional and
fiolitical prejudice. In glancing at his objections,
et me respectfully suggest to him that, if it be
the misfortune of these debtors, it surely is not
their fault that the city in which they reside has
become the principal depository of the public
revenue, and that the Government does not make
the most profitable use of its funds which are
there collected. If it be their misfortune, it surely
is not their fault that the State of which they are
citizens possesses, under the Constitution, a vast
share of political influence, and that this influ-
ence, here and elsewhere, has been, and is likely
to be, applied to purposes which that gentleman
does not approve. Upori this occasion he ought
to remember that the claim presented for his con-
sideration is one totally disconnected with polit-
ical or seetionalconsideratiorts—the simple, naked,
and  «s I had hoped all would regard it, indis-
putable, irresistible claim of the sufferers, by an
unprecedented calamity, who claim no ojher ser-
vice at his hands but such as is due to the cir-
cumstances to which this calamity has reduced
them. He ought to remember that, if so large a
proportion of the revenue is, and must continue
to be, oollected and deposited in the city of New
York, it is of great importance to the interests
of the Government -to prevent the occurrence of
general embarrassment and distress, one conse-
quence of which will be to endanger the security
of the present deposits, and greatly to enhance
the risk of bad debts in respect to the bonds which
remain unpaid. He ought to remember that upon
the prosperity of New York the accruing re-
sources of the Government are immediately de-
pendent; and that whatever the Government may
now do for the temporary accommodation of the
merchants of that city will be more than repaid
to the national Treasury by the future results of
their persevering and successful enterprise.
The gentleman also owes it to himself, to his
constituents, and to the country, not to forget that
all sectional interests are merged in the welfare of
the great commercial metropolis of the Union.
He should not forget that such are the indissolu-
ble relations of New York to all parts of the coun-
try, that they must share in its prosperity and
misfortune. He should not forget that, directly
or indirectly, the planters, manufacturers, and
traders, of Kentucky have always something at
stake in New. York; and that he fails to consult
their interest, and must be presumed to oppose
their wishes, when, in a time of the greatest need,
he refuses to extend the helping hand of the Gov-
ernment for the relief of those with whom, by all
the ties of mutual dependence, his constituents,
and the people of the whole country, are thus in-
timately connected. I am sure, sir, that I do not
five to this consideration an undue importance,
am sure that neither the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, nor any other gentleman who will allow
himself to exercise the practical judgment upon
this view of the- subject, will disagree to the con-
clusion that the business of New York is in effect
the business of the whole country; and that a sud-
den interruption and extensive derangement of the
business of that city will prove a check to the
prosf>erity of the whole country.
ThegentlemanfromRhodelslandtMr.PKARC*]
has tasked his ingenuity to produce popular ob-
{ections to the object of this bill, and has, peri
taps, been more successful than the gentleman
from Kentucky in exciting the prejudices of some
members against it. He has proved, I think,
that the title of the bill is not sufficiently definite,
but has erred in supposing that the object which
he considers to be implied in the title is, or ought
to be, recognized in our legislation. The pro-
visions of the bill are designed to extend the in-
dulgence of the Government to those who are its
debtors in the city of New York, and exclusively
| to such as are its debtors. It proposes to afford
them the same indulgence which other creditors,
under similar circumstances, which other cred-
itors in New York at this moment, have extended
to their debtors. If it were proposed, if it were
expedient, to attempt to relieve all sufferers by
the fire, without reference to the peculiar relation
which some of them sustain to the Government,
the gentleman would do right to vindicate the
claims of such as are not now provided for; and
if the bill were designed to be merely an act of
charity, he might properly argue that the mer-
chants of New York are the last who should re-
ceive, as he must well know they are the last who
would accept, the bounty of the Government.
But when the gentleman perceives that the single
object of the bill (which 1 agree ought to be ex-
pressed in its title) is to make an equitable pro-
vision for the debtors of the Government as such,
he can hardly consider it a justifiable mode of
defeating this object, to attempt to asperse not
their character, but their occupation, and to in-
veigh not at all against the equity of their claims
in reference to the grounds upon which alone the
claims are urged, but in a strain—I will not say
of vulgar abuse—but of unmerited censure,
against the necessary incidents of the rank in so-
ciety to which the circumstances of these debtors
have entitled them. I have no doubt that the
recent fire has furnished many cases of such as
are not debtors of the Government, whose claims
to sympathy and reliefers quite as strong as the
gentleman represents them; and I hope and be-
lieve that those claims will be cheerfully recog-
nized by all to whom they can be properly ad-
dressed. It may be fortunate for such sufferers
that the Government is not one of the creditors
to whom they must now appeal for indulgence,
but that they have only to resort to their neigh-
bors, the merchants, for the ready acquisition of
the facilities they need. Yes, sir, to the abused
and denounced merchants, upon whom the trades-
men and mechanics, so warmly and deservedly
eulogized by the gentleman, «(re immediately de-
pendent for credit and employment, and in whose
stability (to which the proposed relief may prove
essential) the only hopes of these tradesmen and
mechanics are directly and deeply involved.
Let me advise the gentleman, then,to consider
whether he can do a greater injury to the very
class of whose interests he aspires to be regarded
as the especial advocate, than by acting himself,
and endeavoring to persuade the committee to
act, upon the supposition that their interests caa
be otherwise than injuriously affected by what-
ever is calculated to excite distrust, and to pro-
duce ill-will, and to direct the force of the most
illiberal prejudice against their only patrons and
their best friends. Let him consider, further,
whether, at this critical moment, when the work-
ing classes of New York have their all at stake
upon the ability of the merchants to recover from
the disaster which threatens to overwhelm them,
he will not prove himself the true friend of the
working classes by advocating, upon this occa-
sion, in reference to their proper object, the claims
of the merchants.
The gentleman from Rhode Island makes it
another cause of complaint against the bill, that
it not only provides for the relief of those who
are almost exclusively merchants, but that some
bf them also do not happen to be American citi-
zens. My answer to this objection is, very
briefly, that they are, nevertheless, debtors of
the Government, and, as such, entitled to share,
without discrimination, in whatever policy the
Government may see fit to adopt towards its
debtors. It is the honorable characteristic of our
commercial system, that it offers every facility
for the introduction of foreign capital; that it in-
vites to our ports the ships and the merchants of
all nations—who do not refuse to reciprocate the
privilege—and that in the distribution of burdens
and benefits it makes no distinction whatever be-
tween citizens and foreigners.   New York has
