1836.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBR
&17
24th Conq....1st Sbss.    Tht Pvblie jLands^-Mr. Clay, Mr. Calham, Mr. Weaker, Mr. King, of Ml.....   < Sekjltk.
ities may befall ourselves or our «laves. These
are what we dread. It is against their intrusion
upon us that we complain; and to guard against
their introduction into our communities,«our ut-
most vigilance must always be directed. In suoh
a state of things there can be no peace within our
borders; all is agitation and anxiety. When men
are bent on schemes of disorder, they first infect
the minds of those on whom they design to oper-
ate, with doctrines adapted to lead on to it; and
then, by the means of that contamination, the
way is opened, and the impulse is given to tumult
and revolt. The effect of corrupting principles is
more to be dreaded than arms, as they secretly
discipline those that are to be turned loose, at an
nngarded moment, to spread abroad the horrors
of devastation and carnage.
■     We ought not to be regardless of the lessons
of experience. When' regfcide France, in the
early period-of her revolution; zealous in the
cause of republicamsing the world, had proclaimed
war against all crowned heads, and against all
Government* of lawand order, and had particu-
larly marked out the neighboring empire of Great
Britain as the chief object of her emancipating
designs, unable to reach her objectthrough fleets
and armies, she resolved to accomplish it by the
agency ofher destroying revolutionary principles.
Against these Great Britain kept Up the war for
years. The cannon and the bayonets of France
she could meet on the ocean or in the field with-
out fear and with equal «hances; but the corrod-
ing principles of her revolutionizing schemes
fought always in ambuscade; their force it was
difficult, if possible, to elude when once they had
gained admittance. Yet the leaders in France,
in these glowing schemes for the deliverance of
nations from the bondage of monarchy, of aris-
tocracy, of established law, and of usages that
were denounced as corroded by the rust of time,
were then held by multitudes to be the apostles
of liberty and equality, who professed themselves
as aiming at equal rights, to aid the mind in its
progress to perfectibility, and to establish uhi-
■ versal happiness by universal liberty.
Fortunately, the profound and patriotic intelli-
gence-that directed the councils of the British
empire did not become enlisted among the pros-
elytes of this fatal imposture. That intelligence
knew its origin, and saw its inevitable tendency-,
and, in the undaunted spirit of resistance forced
up to defiance, established* the maxim as the rule
of action, " that with revolutionary France and
her principles there was no safety but in war."
France in-arms could be met, and she could be
resisted; but the all-subverting influence of her
false philosophy, her atheism, her Jacobinism,
and her dissolute coarse df anarchy, spread terror
and dismay throughout the world.
Similar to this is the condition of our slave-
holding country in respect to the doctrines of
- emancipation that are now attempted to be intro-
duced among tos. Capable of resisting men, even
with arms, we only dread the secret influence of
principles, which is most active when we are
• asleep, and which may awaken us to become the
. victims of its maddened proselytes.
Mr. President, the happy Government under
- which we live, in its very nature, dissuades from
and interdictsall this sort of interference. Formed
■ to regulate our foreign concerns, to defend ua
, from without, and to preserve peace and security
'• within our borders, it leaves the States themselves
to manage their own concerns within their own
limits, without interference and without hin-
drance. Our Government is national in its char-
acter, and cannot be made an engine to transplant
the feelings and opinions of one section into an-
other niore distant, to work revolution and change.
We look to it for the general protection, and we
! demand that it be not made to intrude upon or
intermeddle with our domestic interests, our com-
forts, or our possessions.   It cannot be the prov-
- inceof the Federal Government to regulaU our
property or our internal social relations, or, at
the bidding of one part of our great community
of States, to break down the system of another
part. The Government of this Union was de-
signed to be universal and equal in all its influ-
ence and action; and it is our business here to
direct all i ts operations to national purposes alone,
to preserve the security of all, and to establish
national happiness, prosperity, and power.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
i)   DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
I \                     Thursday, March 31,1836.
|t Mr. WALKER introduced the following bill,
■ in pursuance of previous notice.
I, A bill to reduce and gradúan toe price of public lands
J in favor of actual settlers only, to provide a standing prp-
t {«option law, to authorize the sale ana entry of all the
I, pur lie lands in ibrty-aefe lots, and to pqtialize the grants of
certain portions of the public domain among the new States
in whicü the public lands are situated.
Mr. CLAY said, that were it not an unusual
course, he should move to reject the bill imme-
diately; that it was, in fact, a bill to give every-
thing to the new States, and leave nothing for
distribution among the older States of the Con-
federacy. That with its graduation clause, and
donation clause, and'preemption clauses, it might
as well be called by its true name —a bill to give
the whole of the public lands to. the new States
or to the settlers that would roam over them.
Mr. CALHOUN opposed.the provisions of the
bill, particularly the clause reducing the price of
the public lands and granting preemption to set-
tlers, and closed by moving a reference of the
bill to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. WALKER said'that,.having introduced
this bill only this morning, he. «onld not have
anticipated any debate, much less oould he have
expected the severe denunciations which this bill
had received from the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Clay.) What, (said Mr. W.,) reject, with-
out consideration, a'bill, the principal features of
which have received the sanction of at least six
States of this Union! Mr. W. proceeded to con-
test Mr. Clay's position, that this bill gave every-
thing to the new States, and left nothing for dis-
tribution among the old States. He compared
the provisions of this bill with that of Mr.Ci.AT;
and to show that a larger sum would be left for
the use of the people Of the whole Union under
his bill, than under that of Mr. Clay; that the
objection heretofore made to the reduction of the
pnce of the public lands by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] and renewed at this ses-
sion by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr, Ewing,]
was, that it would operate against the settlers, and
in favor of speculating monopolists, who would
enter all the lands at the reduced price. Mr. W.
said his bill was not liable to this objection; that
it reduced the price only in favor of the actual set-
tlers, and would arrest monopolies of the public
lands. If the gentlemen from Ohio and Kentucky
were against monopolies, and in favor of the act-
ual settlers,' they ought to support this bill; but
from their opposition to it, and to preemptions,
it was obvious that they were opposed to the
actual settlers.
Mr. W. said he had heard with regret the
actual settlers denounced in the Senate as squat-
ters, as if that were a term of reproach. Sir,
(said he*,) our glorious Anglo-Saxon ancestry,
the pilgrims who landed on Plymouth Rock,'the
eaily settlers at Jamestown, were squatters; they
settled this continent with less pretension to title
than, the settlers'Upon the public lands. Mr. W.
said that Daniel Boone was a squatter; that Chris-
topher Columbus was a squatter; that many of
the most enlightened «f his constituents, many
members of the Legislature which sent him here
were squatters; that go was the Speaker of 'that
noéy;lCokmel Irwin,] a man df great intelligence
and worth, and of gentlemanly deportment equal
to that of any Senator on this floor. So-a-lso'was
one of the Representatives of Mississippi ill Con-
gress [Mr. Ciaibo*ne] at one time a squatter
upon publio lands; yet he ts a citieen who, for
unblemished purity of character, for intelligence
and worth-, arid for talents also, might fairly chal-
lenge a comparison with that of any man of bis
age in the country. And, sir, (said Mr. W.,)
these much-abused squatters constitute many,
very many, of the people who sent me here; and
I Will defend both their rights and character «o
long as I have a seat on this .floor. They are* the
very men who cultivate the soil in peace, and
defend your country in war, when those who
I denounce them are reposing upon beds of down.
[ These are-the men who, in the track'ass wilder-
ness, and upon the plains of Orleans, carried for-
ward to victory the bannered oajrio of our great
and glorious Union. Sir, these are the men with
whom the patriot Jackson achieved his great and
' glorious victories; and, sir, if but one thousand
of these much-abused squatters, these western
i riflemen, had been at Blaaensburg beneath their
,great commander, never would a British army
have polluted the soil where stands the Capitol
óf the Union. No, sir, they would have driven
back the invader ere the torch of the incendiary
had reached the Capitol, or they would have left
their bones bleaching here tas did the Spartan
at Thermopylas) alike in death or victory, the
patriot defenders of their country's soil and fame
- and honor.    [Here Mr. W. was interrupted by
- warm applause from the crowded galleries, which
ceased, however, upon a call to order by the Vice
President.] And it is proposed to send this bill
to the Committee on Public Lands, a committee
that has already reported against reducing the
price of- the public lands; against granting pre-
emptions to settlers; against every other material
feature of this bill—to send this bill there, to hate
another report against us. No, we have had one
report against the new States, and the settlers in
them; and- now let them be heard through the
report of a select committee, and let argument
encounter argument, and the question be decided
upon its real merits. Mr. W. concluded by illus-
trating- and defending that portion of his bill
which granted remuneration to Alabama and
< Mississippi for the loss of the five per cent, fund
! and sixteenth section.
| Mr. CLAY rose and stated, that his opposition
to this bill had produced at least one good effect,
to elicit the burst of eloquence from the gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Walkbr] which had
just now so much delighted the Senate and audi-
1 tors. He disclaimed any intentional disrespect
! to squatters, but hardly thought that they would
have saved the Capitol, unless they had given up
their habit of squatting. He hoped the motion
to refer the bill to the Committee on the Public
Lands would prevail.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, said, this debate has
taken a most extraordinary range, upon a bill in-
troduced on leave,by a Senator in his place, who
proposes to give it the usual direction of refer-
ence to a committee to examine and report upon
its merits, and correct its details. Gentlemen have
pressed forward to the discussion, as iff by com-
mittal, they were about to establish the provisions
of the bill by solemn enactment. The impropri-
i ety of such a course was made manifest by the
I fact that, throughout this protracted debate, gen-
| tlemen had altogether mistaken the provisions
i and objects of the bilk One Senator [Mr. Clay]
•} had attacked it as interfering injuriously with his
1 favorite system for the distribution of the pro-
ceeds df the sales Of the public lands; yet snch,
he will find on examination, is not the fact. An-
other Senator [Mr. Calhoun] sees in it a most
extravagant claim on ,tne part of the new States;
the sacrifice óf the interest  of the old 'States to
enrich the new; antí the opening of a door for
frauds innumerable. Well,'sir, is <ai* so? Let
us examine * little into, thet aotuaJ provisions of
the bil¡,awt wé shall the  be' able to determine
how far they- juttify kbe declaration* of the hon-
orable Senator. Sir, one of the provisions is, that
the General Government ahtitl pay to the States
of Mississippi and1 Alabama asum equal to five
per eent. of th* proeeedsof thp sates of the lands
lying within their re*p«cti*e Until  ,-acquired by
treaty with the Chickasaw nation of Indians. Is
this wi unreasonable** extravagant demand Í By
a solemn agreement entered into by those Sutes,
with the General Government, it is expressly
•tipulaosd *hat ftve pntua. of theprocasds of the
sates of tbopubliclands within thair jurisdictional
limits shall "be set apart for their benefit, three to
be expended ander the direction of those States,
and two under the direction of the General Gov-
'eenment, in waking roads without their limits,
