218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 8,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Kent.
Senate.
but leadme to them. Here, then, is a vested right,
for «Inch the States paid more than an equivalent.
But it pleised the Government to enttr into a
treaty with the Chickasaws for the cession of
their lands, in which they stipulate to give to the
Indians the whole of the proceeds of the sales,
reserving no part to satisfy the claims of the
States in which the lands are situate. Can you,
by vour own act, annul your contract, and justly,
legally, deprn e them of this sum > Every lawyer
will answer no, the obligation is perfect, the
money must be paid. So much for this cxtiavagant
claim of the ikw States, which has so strongly
aroused the Senator's apprehensions.
Let us examine another of these extravagant
claims set up by this bill. Why, sir, when our
admirable system for the survey and disposal of
the public domain was devised, it was determined,
from the wisestand most praiseworthy of motives,
to set apart the one thirty-sixth part of each
township for the purposes ot education. The sec-
tion as near the center as practicable was desig-
nated, this was the sixteenth; here the school-
house was to be built, that the children of both
rich and poor might have convenient access to it;
and from the proceeds of the rent or sale of a part
or the whole of this section the poorer children
of the township were to be educated. When
those States formed their constitutions this grant
of the sixteenth section constituted a part of their
compact with the General Government. It has
always heretofore been held sacred, as much from
the laudable objects to be accomplished by it as
from the legal obligations of the Government.
By the provisions of the Chickasaw treaty these
lands have been, or are, liable to be sold- for the
benefit of the Indians. With what semblance of
justice, then, does the Senator from South Caro-
lina pronounce this claim for remuneration to be
an effort, on the part of those States, to appro-
priate to themselves the public domain' Sir,
they but contend for their rights; stiictly legal
rights. Can you withhold them ' You cannot.
Your sense of justice and of the sanctity of your
obligations forbid it.
The bill also contains another provision which
rests, it is true, upon a different footing, involving
the liberality of Congiesa. He would not now
enter into an examination of the propriety of
granting preemptions to actual settlers in the
mode proposed; he would reserve himself for a
future occasion. He would only say that, guarded
as it seemed to be in the bill, none of the frauds
apprehended by the Senator from South Caro-
lina could take place, but if those guards were
not found to be sufficient, it would be the duty of
the committee to throw around the public domain
other and stronger guards. He would merely
say that nine tenths of the frauds which had
been perpetrated under previous preemption laws
grew out of the floating provision contained in
them, none such is to be found in this bill, the
settler will be confined to the lands actually cul-
tivated, and under no circumstances will be per-
mitted to take any other.
One word as to the proper committee to which
it should be referred. It embraces, as has been
shown, various objects; part involving legal ques-
tions, which might very properly have been re- I
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
had he been consulted by the honorable gentle-
man who drew the bill, he should have advised
the introduction of two, rather than include the
whole in one. He has preferred that they should
all constitute one bill, and I am not disposed to
disturb his arrangement. I mention it merely to
«how that the bill does not, strictly speaking, ap-
pertain to the duties of the Committee on Public
Lands; and will you violate in this case a well-
established parliamentary rule, which requires
that subjects shall not be committed to commit-
tees known to be hostile to the objects they con-
template to establish> On all hands we are told
that the Committee on the Public Lands have al-
ready prejudged this matter; that they are known |
to be decidedly hostile. I ask gentlemen whether,
under these circumstances, they will refuse a
select committee to the honorable member from j
Mississippi, and send his bill to be smothered by
the Committee on the Public Lands'   Such a
course would be discourteous to the honorable |
Senator, violatory of parliamentary usage, and t
unjust to the States interested.
After some further debate, in which Mr Clay,
Mr. C^LHotN, Mr. Ewing of Ohio, Mr. Black,
Mr Porter, Mr. Bichivan, Mr. Moore, and
Mr Walker paitieipated, Mr. Calhoin's mo-
tion to refer the bill to the Committee on the
Public Lands was lost by the following vote—
yeas 19, nays 25.
Mr. Walker's motion to refer the bill to a
select committee then prevailed, as also the mo-
tion that the committee be appointed by the
Chair
The committee consists of the following Sen-
ators: Mr. Walker, (chairman,) Mr Ewivg of
Ohio, Mr. Linn, Mr. Prentiss, and Mr. Ewing
of Illinois.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
SPEECH OF HON. JOSEPH KENT,
OF MARYLAND,
In the Senate, March 8, 1836,
On the Memorial of the Society of Friends of Lancaster
countj, Pennsylvania, on the subject of the Abolition of
Slavery in the District of Columbia
Mr. KENT said:
Mr. President. I participate so little in de-
bate, that the Senate will credit me when I state
that it is always painful to me to trespass upon
their patience. On the present occasion I will
promise to detain them but a few moments.
Interesting as these memorials before you are
to the country generally, they are doubly so to
the State of Maryland, which, in part, 1 repre-
sent here, from her proximity to this Distuct.
Hence it becomes my duty to make a few re-
marks in addition to what has been so well said
by my colleague on this occasion.
That the piayer of the petitioners is an im-
proper one, and ought not to be granted by Con-
gress, I have not the smallest doubt, indeed, I
have not undcistood that a single individual on
this floor is disposed to yield it, notwithstanding,
when memorials are .presented here, couched in
respectful language, I ever have been, and ever
shall be, unwilling to refuse to receive them.
The right of petitioning is considered a sacred
one, is guarantied by the Constitution, and,car-
ries with it the obligation to be received, and if
it was not secured by the Constitution to the
people of the United States, one of our ablest
commentators has said it was a right that resulted
so obviously from the nature and structure of our
Government, that he considers it unnecessary that
it should have been inserted in the great charter
of their rights.
The second session of the First Congress un-
der our present form of Government had not com-
menced its duties six weeks before a memorial
was presented to the House of Representatives,
praying the abolition of slavery thioughout the
United States.   This memorial embraced a much
wider and broader scope than those before you,
and Us object was notoriously unconstitutional.
Notwithstanding, it was received and reported
on, the House of Representatives denying that
Congress had any power over the subject, and
thus were those people quieted for many years
Mr Madison, at the time a Representative from
¡ the State of Virginia, voted for the reception of
i this memorial; and we all know that he was not
only among the most prominent members of the
I Convention, but one of the ablest and most effi-
| cient advocates of it when it was before the people
for their adoption.
I     Mr. Jefferson wisely remarked " that error of
opinion might be tolerated whilst reason was left
free to combat it."   I have the utmost reliance
I upon the good sense of the people of the United
States.   They are too well-infoimed to press this
or any other subject too far that is naught with
the same dangerous consequences to the peace,
happiness, and prosperity of the country.    That
their conduct is calculated to accomplish mischief
only I shall endeavor to prove in the few remaiks
I intend to make.   They must and will desist
from their course if we adopt the proper action
on the subject.
After much reflection, and the most careful
deliberation I have been able to devote to this
matter, [ have come to the conclusion that Con-
giess has not the power to liberate the slaves in
this District, were they disposed to do so, under
the Constitution and the deeds of cession made
by the States of Virginia and Maryland. Those
States use the same terms, and are very guarded
in then language. They make the conveyance
agreeably to the eighth aiticle of the first section
of tht Constitution of the United States, which
embraces all the positive grants of power made
to Congress, none of which touches the subject
of slavery, and moreover reserve all rights ot
pioptrty to individuals, except such individuals
shall transfer the &ame to the United States. Un-
dei these reservations the transfei was made and
accepted, and we are bound to respect the rights
of propei ty thus reserved.
I am awars gentlemen rely on that portion of
the Constitution which gives exclusive legislation
to Congress over this District—which means no
moie than that Congress shall legislate free from
the interference of any State legislation, that all
other legislation shall be excluded from this Dis-
trict, save that of Congress. It does not mean
a despotic, unbounded, unrestricted, unlimited
legislation; but a legislation guarded by all the
restraints of the Constitution. That such was
the intention of the fiameis of the Constitution,
may be infeired from the practice of Piesident
Madison, such have been the decisions of the
Supieme Couit, and such the recorded opinions
of Congress. We never act as a local Legisla-
ture, we cannot be converted into one. We act
invariably as a Congress of the United States.
It is in that capacity only that we have exclusive
legislation, as I hope to show heieaftei, and in
all our proceedings we are bound by the mandates
of the Constitution
The great difficulty with me is to determine
what is best to be done with these memorials.
Theie is no motion befoie you, in my estimation,
that will give a salutai y direction to them. Adopt
the motion of the Senatoi from South Carolina,
and rtfuse to receive them, and simiku memorials
will be presented the next day, and this painful
and exciting debate wdl be resumed in all its
odious forms Adopt the pi oposition of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mi. Bichanan,] which
is a strong measure in relation to this subject, and
he deseives great credit for making it, and the
same difficulty occurs The memorials will be
presented the next day, the discussion renewed
we ought to wish to avoid.
This subject, Mr. President, has been very
fully discussed, it has elicited a large portion of
the best talent in the Senate, and we ought to come
to some conclusion how we can dispose of it to
the best advantage. It occurs to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the most effectual way in which we
could put it to rest would be for us to express
our opinion with some degree of unanimity that
the prayer of the petitioners could not be consti-
tutionally gianted, or, if unwilling to go that far,
to say that, in a matter entirely local, it was im-
proper for them to interfere, and that private prop-
erty could not be taken without due process of
law, and full compensation. This would puta
stop to the impropei inteiference of these peti-
tioners, and Cílieve us from the presentation of
these memorials hereafter.
Those of us, Mr. Piesident, residing in slave-
holding States, however indulgent we might be
disposed to be in interpreting the motives of those
memoualists, cannot avoid the apprehension that
they have a much more extensive object in view
than what is expressed upon the face of the peti-
tions, in sending them here. We cannot repress
the belief that they have been prompted by the
Abolitionists, or that they aie members of those
boasted abolition societies, and that their real ob-
ject is to have a bearing on the adjoining States
of Maryland and Vnginia. It, is impossible to
resist altogether this impression, or to avoid con-
necting the presentation of those memorials in
such large numbers with the events of the last
year, and the open and official declaiations of the
