220
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 8,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.       Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Ewing, Mr. Preston.
Senate.
criminal, after execution, may be delivered to a
surgeon for dissection; and punishes any person
who shall rescue such body during its convey-
ance from the place of execution to the surgeon
to whom it is to be delivered.
Let those actual provisions of the law, or any
other provisions which can be made on the sub-
ject, be considered with a view to the charac-
ter in which Congress acts when exercising its
Cowers of exclusive legislation. If Congress is to
e considered merely as a local Legislature, in-
vested, as to this object, with powers limited to
the fort or other place in which murder may be
committed, if its general powers cannot come in
aid of these local powers, how can the offense be
tried in any other court than that of the place in
which it has been committed ? How can the
offender be conveyed to, or tried in, any other
place? How can his bed y be conveyed through
a country under the jurisdiction of another sov-
ereign, and the individual punished who, within
that jurisdiction, shall rescue the body? The
decision of the court is illustrated by other exam-
ples which I consider it unnecessary to refer to,
and, in conclusion, remark that Congress exer-
cises all its powers in its high character as the
Legislature of the Union, and not as a local Le-
gislature.
As regards the tax upon slaves in this District,
heretofore referred to, I presume the honorable
Senator is equally mistaken. The question was
raised in 1815, whether Congress had, under the
Constitution, the right to tax this District at all,
so long as it was unrepresented; but I never
heard it insinuated before that Congress could
levy upon the inhabitants of it a separate capita-
tion, or direct tax. The principle of apportion-
ment established in the Constitution, secures them
against the oppressive exercise of the power to
levy and collect direct taxes ■as effectually as the
principle of uniformity established in the Con-
stitution secures the District from oppression in
the imposition of indirect taxes. The decision
of the Supreme Court in the case of Luf borough
vs. Blake fully sustains the opinion; and at the
same time that it confirms the right of Congress,
should they think proper, to levy a direct tax
upon this District, whenever such a tax shall be
levied upon the property of the States, it denied
the power of Congress, if I comprehend the
opinion of the court, to levy a separate tax upon
this District, at any time or" for any purpose,
except such as may be entirely municipal, with
which Congress, I take it for granted, will never
interfere.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA^
SPEECH OF HON. THOMAS EWING, |
or Ohio,                                I
In the Senate, March 8, 1836,
On the Memorial of the Society of Friends, of Lancaster
county, Pennsylvania, on the subject of the Abolition of
Slavery in the District of Columbia.
Mr. EWING said he was reluctant to prolong
the debate even for a moment; and yet he felt it
his duty to say a- few words in explanation of the
vote he was about to give.  lam (said Mr. E.) op-
. posed to slavery, and think it a great evil in any
community; and I believe such is the opinion of
mostofthereflectingmenin the South, vie wing the
question in the abstract, without reference to any
fixed and settled condition of society.    Such, I
am very sure, is the almost universal opinion in
the State of Ohio.    The people of that State en-
tertain that opinion, fixed and immovable; it was
imbibed by them from their earliest infancy, and
it has grown up with them as a part of the morals
of the society in which they are reared; and yet
public opinion on the subject of abolition is, in
that State, such as our southern brethren them-
•elves would consider sound.    There area few
in favor of the interference of Congress to abolish
slavery in this District; and yet I can safely say
that I know of none who would push that measure
beyond what they suppose to be the constitu-
tional powers of Congress; none who would dis-
turb the people of the States in the enjoyment of
all that the Constitution secures to them.    It is
a, very small minority of the whole people who
are in favor of the interference of Congress to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia. It
is true many petitions have been forwarded to
that effect; but out of a population of more than
a million of souls, a few thousand petitioners of
both sexes make up but a very small proportion
of the aggregate mass; something more, perhaps,
than one out of a hundred. But these few, Mr.
President, are not incendiaries, or persons who
are disposed to march to their object through
violence and bloodshed, burning and massacre;
not at all. They are humane, orderly, and peace-
ful citizens, whose object is to do good, but who
have, in my opinion, mistaken the way to do it.
They are certainly impelled by no motives of
interest, nor by hopes of gaining popular influ-
ence, for the public feeling is, as I have said, all
the other way. Gentlemen here have, in their
speeches on this subject, said that violence was
done to the Abolitionists at their meetings in their
respective States. There have been a few similar
instances in mine, but they are, I am happy to
say, rare; and they are almost the only instances
that I have known in which popular feeling
triumphed over law; for the people of Ohio are a
law-abiding people, essentially so; and it must be
a strong case of public excitement, indeed, which
could for a moment, and to any extent, defy the
law.
I have said that I thought the Abolitionists,
even those moderate and rational ones whom we
have among us, are doing evil instead of good;
and I think further, if they could be convinced of
this, they would cease to meet and petition on the
subject. They do evil, in the first place, because
their views and wishes cannot, in the estimation
of the great body of the southern people, be sep-
arated from those mad and reckless fanatics who
attempt, by various devices, to excite insurrection
among the slaves, and bring on all the horrors of
a servile war. Those who are threatened by the
machinations of the last-named associations, few
in numbers as they are, and confined to a small
space, cannot, and do not, draw the distinction
between them and these petitioners, who make
the law their guide, and who wish to do nothing
but what Jaw and humanity sanction. The dis-
tinction between these two classes of men, strong
as it is, cannot be fully kept in view, even in
debate here on the floor of the Senate; much less
can we expect that it will be in the opinions and
feelings of the mass of the people of the South,
especially in a movement of excitement and alarm.
These petitions tend to keep up that alarm, to
sow distrust in the people of the South against
those of the North and West. It makes whole
communities in the slaveholding States distrust-
ful of their colored population, and causes them
to pass rigorous laws against them, denying them
reasonable indulgence, and making it penal to
instruct them. We are assured that most of this
legislation, which seems to us so harsh, has been
caused by the abolition movements. Those same
movements, it seems, have another effect equally
injurious to both master and slave. They cause
jealousy and distrust between them, where other-
wise there might exist confidence and affection.
Such, I believe, are the general consequences of
these petitions throughout the Union; certainly
the very reverse of what is intended by those who
frame them; and they produce no good effects to
counterbalance those evils. If the petitioners
should succeed, (of which there is not the least
I probability)—if by common consent all should
1 agree to abolish slavery in the District, not a
¡ single slave would be thereby emancipated; all
would be hurried off in anticipation of such a
' law, if it were likely to pass, and sold to the cot-
ton and sugar planters in the South.
Again: the measure would be arbitrary in the
extreme. The people of this District, whose
condition would be changed so materially and so
violently, are not consulted. They have no voice
in the proposed measure. Their situation is, in-
deed, peculiar. Our government over them is
among the most arbitrary on earth; they have
none of the blessings of self-government what-
ever, and have no participation in selecting their
rulers. We who are here, know something of
their situation, their wants, and their wishes.
But those of our constituents at home, who peti-
tion for this change in the condition of these peo-
ple, do evidently know very little about them. I
have already stated what I believed would be the
effect of a law to abolish slavery in this District
on the slaves themselves; that it would sell them
into a much more cheerless and more bitter bond-
age than they now endure. Its effects upon the
whites would be equivalent to an edict of banish-
ment; nearly the whole population would be
changed; for families would rather change their
place than change so materially their domestic
habits and relations.
All other objections apart, I would not vote for
such a measure unless I could be satisfied that the
people of the District, if they could speak as a
free people, would pronounce in its favor. For
these, and various other reasons which have been
often repeated in this debate, I am opposed to
granting the prayer of this petition. But I can-
not vote with the Senator from South Carolina,
to refuse to receive it. This brings up another
question—the right of petition as.guarantied by
the Constitution, and as inherent in the very na-
ture of all free institutions. This right would,
it seems to me, be invaded by such a refusal; at
least, it would be questionable whether we had
not invaded it; and, if we err in this matter, it is
better that our error should be on the side of the
Constitution. But even if we have the right, it
is not sound policy to reject it. Opinion is not
to be controlled by harsh or even violent meas-
ures; and it is better that an investigation should
be had, and a reason given in all our communi-
cations with a reasoning people. For like cause,
I hold the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania objectionable, though, if nothing better is
proposed, I shall incline to vote for it. I would
much prefer a reference to a committee, and a re-
port, explaining in a calm and temperate manner
the reasons which govern the Senate in refusing
to interfere in the manner proposed. Or I would
be satisfied if some of the leading reasons on
which we act were appended to his resolution to
reject the prayer; and reasons I have no doubt
could be set forth, which would be satisfactory
to the calm.and reflecting people who sent us this
memorial.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
SPEECH OF HON. W. C. PRESTON,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the Senate, March 1, 1836,
On the Memorial of the Society of Friends of Lancaster
County, Pennsylvania, asking for the Abolition of Slavery
in the District of Columbia.
Mr. PRESTON said:
Mr. President: I deeply regret the course
which this discussion has taken. I have remarked
its progress with much pain, with a feeling of
anxiety and depression which I find great diffi-
culty in expressing. It has been mixed up with
all those small topics of party and personal bitter-
ness which, whether properly or not, enter so
largely into the ordinary debates of the Senate,
but which are altogether misplaced, and dan-
gerous, when connected with the consideration
of those deep and vital interests involved in any
discussion of the institution of slavery. It is very
desirable, as has been well suggested by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,] that,
if we must deliberate on this subject, we do so
vith all the calmness possible, aajjl with a delib-
erate and combined effort to do what is best,
under the perilous circumstances which surround
us, uninfluenced by the paltry purposes of party.
In whatever temper you may come to it, the dis-
cussion is full of danger. The fact that you are
deliberating on the subject of slavery inspires my
mind with the most solemn thoughts. No matter
how it comes before you, no matter whether the
questions be preliminary or collateral, you have
no jurisdiction of it in any of its aspects. These
doors should be closed against it, for you have
no right to draw into question here an institu-
tion guarantied by tlie Constitution, and on
which, in fact, the right of twenty-two Senators
to a seat in this body is founded—and, emphat-
