224
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 9,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—-Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
disastrous consequences which must follow the
reception of the petition, be the after disposition
what it may. In the mean time, it is sufficient to
remark, that it is only on the question of receiv-
ing, that opposition can be made to the petition
itself On all others, the opposition is to itsprayer.
On the decision, then, of the question of receiv-
ing, depends the impoitant question of jurisdic-
tion. To receive is to take juusdiction—to give
an implied pledge to investigate and decide on the
prayer, and to give the petition a place in our
archives, and become responsible for its safe-keep-
ing; and who votes for receiving of this petition
on the ground on which its reception is placed,
votes that Congress is bound to take jurisdiction
of the question of abolishing slavery both here
and in the States; gives an implied pledge to take
the subject under consideration, and orders the
petition to be placed among the public records
for safe-keepng.
But, to proceed, in reply to the objections of
our opponents. It is next urged that precedents
are against the side we support. I meet this
objection with a direct denial. From the begin-
ning of the Government to the commencement of
this session, there is nota single precedent that
justifies the receiving of these petitions, on the
ground on which their reception is urged. The
real state of the case is, that we are not following,
but making, precedents. For the first time has
the principle been assumed that we are bound to
receive petitions; that we have no discretion, but
must take jurisdiction over them, however absurd,
frivolous, mischievous, or foreign fiom the pur-
pose for which the Government was created.
Receive these petitions, and you will create a
precedent which will hereafter establish this mon-
strous principle. As yet there are none. The
case relied on by the Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Grundy] is in no respect analogous. No
question in that case was made on the reception
of the petition. The petition slipped in without
taking a vote, as is daily done, when the attention
of the Senate is not particularly called to the
subject. The question on which the discussion
took place was on the reference, and not on the
reception, as in this case; but what is decisive
against the precedent, and which I regret the
Senator [Mr Gründy] did not state, so that it
might accompany his remarks, is the fact, that
the petition was not for abolishing slavery. The
subject was the African slave trade; and the peti-
tion simply prayed that Congress would inquire
whether they might not adopt some measure of
interdiction, prior to 1808, when, by the Consti-
tution, they would be authorized to suppress that
trade. I ask the Secretary to read the prayer of
the petition:                                                                  |
" But we find it indispensably incumbent on us, as a re
ligious body, assuredly believing that both the true temporal
interests of nations and eternal well being of individuals
depend on doing justly, loving mercy, and walking humbly
before God, the creator, preserver, and benefactor of men,
thus to attempt to excite your attention to the affectingsub
ject, [slave trade,] earnestly desiring that the infinite Father
of spirits may so enrich our minds with His love and truth,
and so influence your understandings by that pure wisdom
which is full of mercy and good fruits, as that a sincere and
an impartial inquiry may take place, whether it be not an
essential part of the duty of your exalted station to exert
upright endeavors, to the full extent of your power, to re-
move every obstruction to public righteousness which the
influence aud artifice of particular persons, governed by the
narrow, mistaken views of self interest has occasioned, and
whether, notwithstanding such seeming impediments, it be
not really within your power to exercise justice and mercy,
which, if adhered to, we cannot doubt abolition must pro-
duce the abolition of the slave trade "
Now, I ask the Senator where is the analogy
between this and the present petition, the recep-
tion of which he so strenuously urges' He is a
lawyer of long experience ana of distinguished
reputation; and I put the question to him, on
what possible principle can a case so perfectly
dissimilar justify the vote he intends to give on
the present occasion i On what possible ground
can the vote Of Mr. Madison to refer that petition,
on which he has so much relied, justify him m
receiving this' Does he not perceive, in his own
example, the danger of forming precedents' If
he may call to his aid the authority of Mr. Mad-
ison in a case so dissimilar, to justify the recep-
tion of this petition, and thereby extend the
jurisdiction of Congress, over the question of
emancipation, to what purpose hereafter may not
the example of his course on the present occasion
be hereafter perverted '
It is not my design to censure Mr. Madison's
course, but I cannot refrain from expressing my
regret that his name is not found associated, on |
that occasion, with the sagacious and firm lepre-
sentatives from the South—Smith, Tucker, and
Barber, of South Caiohna, James Jackson of
Georgia, and many others, who at that early pe-
riod foresaw the danger, and met it, as it ought
ever to be met by those who regard the peace and
security of the slaveholding States. Had he
added the weight of his talents and authority to
theirs, a more healthy tone of sentiment than that
which now unfoitunately exists would this day
have been the consequence.
Another case has been cited, to justify the vote
for reception. I refer to the petition from the
Quakers, in 1805, which the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Buchanan] rehes on to sustain
him in receiving the present petition What 1 '
have said in reply to the precedent cited by the (
Senator from Tennessee, applies equally to this
Like that, the petition prayed legislation, not on
abolition of slavery, but the African slave trade,
over which subject Congress then in a few years
would have full jurisdiction by the Constitution,
and might well have their attention called to it in
advance. But, though their objects were the
same, the manner in which the petitions were
met was very dissimilar Instead of being per-
mitted to be received silently, like the former,
this petition was met at the threshold. The ques-
tion of receiving was made, as on the present
occasion, and its rejection sustained by a strong
southern vote, as the Journals will shdw. The
Secretary will read the Journal.
| "Mr Logan presented a petition signed Thomas Morns,
clerk, on behalf of the meeting of the representatives of
the people called Quakers, in Pennsylvania, New Jersey,
&c , stating tint the petitioners, from a sense of religious
duty, had again come forward to plead the cause of their
oppressed and degraded fellow men of the African rac&.
On the question,' Shall this petition be received " it passed
in the affirmative—yeas 19, nays 9 "
I Among those to receive the petition, there were
but four from the slaveholding States, and this
on a single petition praying for legislation on a J
subject over which Congress in so short a time
would have full authority What an example to
us on the present occasion ' Can any man doubt,
from the vote, if the southern Senators, on that
occasion, had been placed in our present situa-
tion—that, had it been their lot, as it is oursj to
meet that torrent of petitions which is now poured
in on Congress, not from peaceable Quakers, but
fe ocious incendiaries, not to suppress the African
slpve trade, but to abolish slavery, they would,
with united voice, have rejected the petition with
scorn and indignation' Can any one who knew
him doubt that one of the Senators from the
South—the gallant Sumpter—who, on that occa-
sion, voted for receiving the petition, would have
been among the first to vindicate the interests of
those whom he represented, had the question at
that day been what it is on the present occa-
sion'
We are next told that, instead of looking to the
Constitution, in order to ascertain what are the
limits to the right of petition, we must push that
instrument aside, and go back to Magna Charta
and the declaration of rights for its origin and
limitation. We live in strange times. It seems
there are Christians now more orthodox than the
Bible, and politicians whose standard is higher
than the Constitution; but I object not to tracing
the right to these ancient and venerated sources;
I hold in high estimation the institutions of our
English ancestors. They grew up gradually
through many generations, by the incessant and
untiring efforts of an intelligent and brave people
struggling for centuries against the power of the
Crown. To them we are indebted for nearly all
that has been gained for liberty in modem times,
excepting what we have added. But may I not
ask now it has happened that our opponents, in
going back to these saered instruments, have not
thoughtproper to cite their provisions, orto show
in what manner our refusal to receive these peti-
tions can violate the right of petition as secured
by them I feel under no obligation to supply
the omission—to cite what they have omitted to
cite, to prove, from the instruments themselves,
that to be no violation of them which they have
notpiovedto be a violation. It is unntcessaiy
The practice of Parliament is sufficient for my
purpose It proves conclusively that it is no vio-
lation of the right, as secured by those instru-
ments, to refuse to receive petitions To establish
what this practice is, I ask the Secretary to read
fiom Hatsel, a woikof the highest authority,
the several paragraphs which aie marked with a
pencil, commencing at page 760, under the head
of Petitions on Matter of Supply:
" On the 9th of April, 1694, a portion v\ as tendered to the
House relating to the bill lor granting to their Majesties
several duties upori the tonnage of ships, and the question
being put, that the petition be received, it passed in the
negative
" On the 28th of April, 1698, a petition was offered to the
House against the bill tor laving a duty upon inland pit-
coal , and the question being put that the petition be re-
ceived, it parsed in the negative See also the 29th and
30th ot June, 1698, petitions relating to the duties upon
Scotch linens, and upon whale fins imported —Vid 20th
of April, 1698
" On the 5th of January, 1703, a petition of the masters
of Nottingham being offered agunst the bill for continuing
the duties on malt, and the question being put that the
petition be brought up, it passed m the negative
" On the 21it of December, 1706, Resolved, That this
House will receive no petition for any sum of money
relating to public service but what is recommended from
the Crown Upon the 11th of June, 1713, this is declared
to be a standing order of the Hou^e
" On the 29tli of March, 1707, Resohed, That the House
will not proceed on any petition, motion, or bill for granting
any money, or for releasing or compounding any money
owing to the Crown, but in a Committee of the Whole
Hoi^e , and this is declared to be a standing order. See
also the 29th of November, 1710
" On the 23d of April, 1713, Resohed, That the House
will receive no petition for compounding debts to the Crown
upon any branch of the revenue, without a certificate from
the proper officer annexed, stating the debt, what piosecu-
tions have been made for the recovery thereof, and what
the petitioner and his security are able to pay
" On the 25th ot March, 1715, this is declared to be a
standing order. See the 2d of March, 173i, and the 9th of
January, 17o2, the proceedings upon petitions of this sort
" On the 8th of March, 1732, a petition being offered
against a bill depending for securing the trade of the sugar
colonies, it was refused to be brought up A motion was
then made that a committee be appointed to search prece-
dents in relation to the receiving or not receiving petitions
against the imposing of duties ; and the question being put
it passed in the negative "
Nothing can be more conclusive. Not only are
petitions rejected, but resolutions are passed re-
fusing to receive entire classes of petitions, and
that, too, on the subject of imposing taxes—a
subject above all others in relation to which we
would suppose the right ought to be held most
sacred, and this within a few years after the
declaration of rights. With these facts before
us, what are we to think of the assertion of the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr Grundy,] who
pronounced in his place, in the boldest and most
unqualified mannei, that there was no deliberative
body which did not act on the principle that it
was bound to receive petitions' That a member
of his long experience and caution should venture
to make an assertion so unfounded is one among
the many proofs of the carelessness, both as to
facts and arguments, with which thrs important
subject has been examined and discussed on that
side.
But it is not necessary to cross the Atlantic, or
to go back to remote periods, to find precedent 
for the rejection of petitions. This body, on a
memorable occasion, and after full deliberation,
a short time since, rejected a petition, and among
those who voted for the rejection will be found
the names (of course I exclude my own) of the
most able and experienced members of the Sen-
ate. I refer to the case of resolutions in the na-
ture of a remonstrance from the citizens of York,
Pennsylvania, approving the act of the President
in removing the deposits. I ask the Secretary
to read the Journals on the occasion:
" The Vice President communicated a preamble and a
series of resolutions adopted at a meeting of the citizens of
York count}, Pennsylvania, approving the act of Uve Exec
utive removing the public money from the Bank of the
United States, and opposed to the renewal of the charter
of said bank which having been read, Mr Clay objected
to the reception And on the question, 'Shall they be
received" it was determined in the negative—yeas 20,
nays 24                                                          ,
" On motion of Mr Presto , the yea« and nays being
desired by one fifth of the Senators present, those who
voted in the affirmative are—
" Messrs Benton, Brown, Torsyfh, Grundy, Hendricks,
Hill, Kane, King of Alabama, King of Georgia, Linn,
McKean, Mangum, Moms, Robinson, Shepley,Tallmadge,
Tipton, White, WUkins, «nd Wright.
