226
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
that Congress has no right to abolish slavery in
the States.                                                               ;
Such is the importance of talcing our stand im-
movably on the question now before us. Such
are the'advantages that we of the South would
sacrifice, and the Abolitionists would gain, were ;
we to surrender that important position by re- ',
ceiving this petition. What motives have we for
making so great a sacrifice? What advantages
can we hope to gain that would justify us?
We are told of the great advantages of a strong
majority. I acknowledge it in a good cause, and
on sound principles. I feel in the present instance
how much our cause would be strengthened by
a. strong and decided majority for the rejection of
these incendiary petitions. If anything we could
do here could arrest the progress of the Abolition-
ists, it would be such a rejection. But as ad-
vantageous as would be a strong majority on
sound principles, it is in the same degree danger-
ous when on the opposite—when it rests on im-
proper concessions, and the surrender of princi-
ples, which would be the case at present. Such
a majority must in this instance be purchased by
concessions to the Abolitionists, and a surrender
on our part that would demolish all our outworks,
give up all our strong positions, and open all the
passes to the free admission of our enemies. It
is only on this condition that we can hope to ob-
tain such a majority—a majority which must be
gathered together from all sides, and entertaining
every variety of opinion. To rally such a ma-
jority the Senator from Pennsylvania has fallen
on the device to receive this petition, and imme-
diately reject it without consideration or reflec-
tion. To my mind the movement looks like a
trick—a mere piece of artifice to juggle and de-
ceive. I intend no disrespect to the Senator. I !
doubt not his intention is good, and believe his
feelings are with us; but I must say that the
course he has intimated is, in my opinion, the
worst possible for the slavcholding States. It
surrenders all to the Abolitionists, and gives noth-
ing, in turn, that would be of the least advantage
to us. Let the majority for the course he indi-
cates be ever so strong, can the Senator hope that
it will make any impression on the Abolitionists?
Can he even hope to maintain his position of
rejecting their petitions without consideration
against them? Does he not see that, in assuming
jurisdiction by receiving their petitions, he gives
an implied pledge to inquire, to deliberate, and
decide on them ? Experience wiJl teach him that
we must either refuse to receive, or go through.
I entirely concur with the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Prentiss] on that point. There is no middle
ground that is tenable, and least of all that pro-
posed to be occupied by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania and those who act with him. In the
mean time, the course he proposes is calculated
to lull the people of the slaveholding States into
a false security, under the delusive impression
which it is calculated to make, that there is moie
universal strength here against the Abolitionists
than really does exist.
But we are told that the right of petition is pop-
ular in the North, and that to make an issue,
however true, 'which might bring it in question,
would weaken our friends and strengthen the
Abolitionists. I have no doubt of the kind feel-
ings of our brethren from the North on this floor;
but I clearly see that, while we have their feelings
in our favor, their constituents, right or wrong,
will have their votes, however we may be af-
fected. But I assure our friends that we would
not do anything willingly which would weaken
them at home; and if we could be assured that
by yielding to their wishes the right of receiving
petitions, they would be able to arrest, perma-
nently, the progress of the Abolitionists, we then
might be induced to yield; but nothing short of
the certainty of permanent security can induce
us to yield an inch. If to maintain our rights
must increase the Abolitionists, be it so. I would
at no period make the least sacrifice of principle
for any temporary advantage, and much less at
the present. If there must be an issue, now is
our time. We never can be more united or better
prepared for the struggle; and I, for one, would
much rather meet the danger now than to turn
it over to those who are to come after us.
Maritime Defenses—Mr. Thompson.
But putting these views aside, it does seem
to me, taking a general view of the subject, that
the course intimated by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania is radically wrong, and must end in dis-
appointment. The attempt to unite all must, as
it usually does, terminate in division and distrac-
tion. It will divide the South on the question of
receiving, and the North on that of rejection, with
a mutual weakening of both. I already see indi-
cations of division among the northern gentle-
men on this floor, even in this stage of the ques-
tion. A division among them would give a great
impulse to the cause of abolition. Whatever po-
sition the parties may take, in the event of such
division, one or the other would be considered
more or less favorable to the abolition cause,
which could not fail to run it into the political
struggles of the two great parties of the North.
With these views, I hold that the only possible
hope of arresting the progress of the Abolitionists
in that quarter is to keep the two great parties
there united against them, which would be im-
possible if they divide here. The course inti-
mated by the Senator from Pennsylvania will
effect a division here; and, instead of uniting the
North, and thereby arresting the progress of the
Abolitionists, as he anticipates, will end in divis-
ion and distraction, and in giving thereby a more
powerful impulse to their cause. I must say, be-
fore I close my remarks in this connection, that
the members from the North, it seems to me, are
nrit duly sensible of the deep interest which they
have in this question, not only as affecting the
Union, but as it relates immediately and directly
to their particular section. As great as may be
our interests, theirs is not less. If the tide con-
tinues to roll on its turbid waves of folly and
fanaticism, it must, in the end, prostrate in the
North all the institutions that uphold their peace
and prosperity, and ultimately overwhelm all that
is eminent, morally and intellectually.
I have now concluded what I intended to say
on the question immediately before the Senate.
If I have spoken earnestly, it is because I feel the
subject to be one of the deepest interest. Wc are
about to take the first step; that must control all
our subsequent movements. If it should be such,
as I fear it will, if we receive this petition, and
establish  the principle  that we   are   obliged  to
j receive all such petitions; if we shall determine
to take permanent jurisdiction over the subject
I of abolition, whenever and in whatever manner
the Abolitionists may ask, cither here or in the
States, I fear that the consequences will be ulti-
mately disastrous.  Such a course would destroy
the confidence of the people of the slaveholding
States in this Government.  We love and cherish
the Union; we remember with the kindest feelings
our  common   origin,   with   pride  our  common
achievements, and fondly anticipate the common
greatness and glory that seems to await us; but
origin, achievements, and anticipation of coming
greatness, are to us as nothing, compared to this
question.   It is to us a vital question.   It involves
not only our liberty, but, what is greater, (if to
freemen anything can be,) existence itself.   The
relation which now exists between the two races
in the slaveholding States has existed for two
centuries.    It has grown with our growth, and
strengthened with our strength.    It has entered
into and modified all our institutions, civil and
political.    None other can be substituted.    We
will not, cannot permit it to be destroyed.  If we
were base enough to do so, we would be traitors
to our section, to ourselves, our families, and to
posterity.    It is our anxious desire  to protect
and preserve this relation by a joint action of the
Government and the confederated States of the
Union; but if, instead of closing the door; if,
instead of denying all jurisdiction and all inter-
ference in this question, the doors of Congress
are tobe thrown open; and if we are to be exposed
here, in the heart of the Union, to an endless
attack on our rights, our character, and our insti-
tutions; if the other States are to stand and look
on, without attempting to suppress these attacks,
originating within their borders; and, finally, if
this is to be our fixed and permanent condition
as members of this Confederacy, we will then be
compelled to turn our eyes on ourselves.    Come
> what will, should it cost every drop of blood, and
Ho. of Reps.
every cent of property, we must defend ourselves;
and, if compelled, we would stand justified by all
laws, human and divine.
If I feel alarm, it is not for ourselves, but the
Union and  the  institutions of the country,  to
which I have ever been devotedly attached, how-
¡ ever calumniated and slandered. Few have made
greater sacrifices to maintain them, and none is
| more anxious  to perpetuate  them  to the latest
'■ generation, but they can, and ought to, be per-
petuated only on the condition that they fulfill
the great objects for which they were created—
the iiberty and protection of those States.
As for ourselves, I feel no apprehension. I
know, to the fullest extent, the magnitude of the
danger that surrounds us. I am not disposed to
under-estimate it. My colleague has painted it
truly. But, as great as is the danger, we have
nothing to fear, if true to ourselves. We have
many and great resources; a numerous, intelli-
gent, and brave population; great and valuable
staples; ample fiscal means; unity of feeling and
interest, and an entire exemption from those dan-
gers originating in a conflict between labor and
capital, which, at this time, threatens so much
danger to constitutional Governments. To these
may be added, that we would act under an impe-
rious necessity. There would be to us but one
alternative—to triumph of perish as a people.
We would stand alone, compelled to defend life,
character, and institutions. A necessity so stern
and imperious would develop to the full all the
great qualities of our nature, mental and moral,
requisite for defense—intelligence, fortitude, cour-
age, and patriotism; and these, with our ample
means, and our admirable materials for the con-
struction of durable free States, would insure
security, liberty, and renown.
With these impressions I ask neither sympathy
nor compassion for the slaveholding States,  We
can take care of ourselves.    It is not we, but the
Union which is in danger.    It is that which de-
mands our care—demands that the agitation of
this question  shall cease here— that you  shall
refuse to receive these petitions, and decline all
jurisdiction over the subject of abolition in every
form and shape.    It is only on these terms that
the Union can be safe.    We cannot remain here
in an endless struggle in defense of our character,
our property, and institutions.
Í     I shall now, in conclusion, make a few remarks
! as to the course I shall feel myself compelled to
pursue, should the Senate, by receiving this peti-
; tion, determine to entertain jurisdiction over the
j question of abolition.    Thinking as I do, I can
perform no act that would countenance so dan
gerous an assumption; and as a participation in the
| subsequent proceedings on this petition, should
it unfortunately be received, might  be so con-
strued, in thateventl shall feel myself constrained
to  decline such participation, and to leave the
responsibility wholly on those who may assume
it.
MARITIME DEFENSES.
SPEECH OF HON. W. THOMPSON,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
Iu the House of Representatives,
March 2 and 3, 1836.
The House bavin? under consideration, a  m Committee
of the Whole, the bill making appropriations for the support
of the Navy, for the year 1837—
Mr. THOMPSON, of South Carolina, said:
|     Mr. Chairman: I regret, sir, that these appro-
i priationsare presented undercircumstances which
' make it impossible for me  to vote for them.
I They may be, to a certain extent, necessary and
proper.    I cannot say that even the inclination of
my mind is against them; but coming before us as
! they do, not in the usual routine, after an investi-
| gation of the subject and a report from the Naval
| Committee, but in a bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, I cannot vote for them.
Instead of a bill providing for the general mari-
time defense of the country, the whole country,
1   based upon evidence, reports, and estimates from
j  the proper sources, presenting one general sys-
!  tem, equal and just, we are called upon to act in
