1836.]
APFFNDIX TO TflBE OQ^RESSIONAJ, GLOBE.
229
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Maritime Defenses—Mr. Thompson.
Hq, 9  ¡Ieps.
arsenal can be established, and is too intimately connected
with the great western and southwestern interests to fear
opposition."
Commodore Ridgely says:
" Tbe incalculable advantage to an enemy of taking Pen-
sacola, and making it a rendezvous for a blockading squad-
ron, will make obvious at the first glance the necessity of
fortifying it."
I will not add to this evidence. I could multi-
ply it to an almost indefinite extent. Has the
Government been ignorant of all these facts?
No, sir, but in full possession of them for years.
By an act of Congress approved 3d March, 1825,
the President is directed to purchase a site on
the coast of Florida for a navy-yard and place
of depot, and to erect the necessary buildings;
and make the necessary improvements. How
has this order been executed ? After the lapse of
eleven years, a shipwrecked or dismantled vessel
on that dangerous coast cannot be repaired with-
out being brought round to one of these northern
navy-yards. I am told that a long-boat cannot
be repaired there.
Again, sir, by an act of 1827, two dry-docks
are ordered to be constructed; one north, the
other south of the Potomac. This requirement,
I am told, is satisfied by the construction of the
dry-dock at Norfolk. Why was it not fixed at
Pensacola? Why was it established amongst the
thick cluster of northern yards, at the very nearest
point south of the Potomac at which it could be
done in conformity with the law? In addition
to all the advantages which I have enumerated,
there are others not to be calculated. It is in the
very heart of the live-oak region, within the reach
of all the materials necessary for that magnificent
fabric, a ship of war, so beautifully described by
the gentleman from Massachusetts. Sail-cloth,
cordage, iron, copper, lead, all supplied by the
valley of the Mississippi. Why has this point, of
such vast importance, been so long neglected ?
I will mention a fact, sir, and let others draw
their own inferences. For once in tbe history
of our Government, all the heads of Departments
charged with our internal affairs are exclusively
from this favored section; and, allow me to add,
without any irreverence to that gallant and good
man who is at the head of the navy board, or any
disrespect to its members, that all of that board
ate from the same section. Others more given
to philosophizing may discover the relation of
cause and effect in this. And, sir, what have
we now recommended for this important point?
Sixty-four thousand dollars, and two hundred
and seventy-five hereafter. Sixty-four thousand
dollars to build a smithery, cook-shops, and the
hke, when I have the very highest authority for
saying that to put that station on a footing with
the least respectable northern yards and dry-
docks,more than two millions will tie necessary.
Gentlemen are mistaken if they éxpea with this
sop to Cerberus, honey and drugs in poppy
juices steeped, to silence the South and West.
Mr. Chairman, it is not in the matter of naval
appropriations alone, that this gross, this mon-
strous inequality exists. It is in the whole scheme
and practice of this Government.* I beg, in this
connection, to call the attention of the committee
to another subject. I allude to the distribution
of national armories, military schools, forts, and
garrisons. As to them, it will not be pretended
that there is anything in the localities of the South
and West which should prevent these sections
from enjoying a, fair participation.
Iftrlk MWmtic. South Mltmtic.   Gulf.
National amortes........2                   -                   -
Arsenals.................12               '   1                   3
Military schools.......... 1
Navyyards..............6                   -   nostimSy 1
Forts....................16                  7                 10
{•arrisas*................25                  '                  8
Sixteen forts and twenty-five garrisons, in less
than one fourth of our territory, and only four
(at Augusta, St. Stephen's, Baton Rouge, and
St. Louis) embracing the whole country between
the South Atlantic  and our extreme western
* To say nothing of one hundred othereases, such asthe
expenditures for clothing, &c, for the Army. Take as an
example the subject of pensioners. This same favored
section (exclusive of Maryland) receives $1,508,555—all
the rest of the Union #812,424; less than one fifth reeeive
within a fraction of twice as much as the remaining four
fifths.
border, and between the Gulf of Mexico and the
Rocky Mountains. Of the arsenals, twelve are
situated in this same small section, and one on
the South Atlantic, and three moreen the whole
South and West. It will scarcely be said that
there are no localities in this vast region which
will not answer as fit places for garrisons or
arsenals', and, sir, is not the enormity of this
thing inexpressibly aggravated, when it is remem-
bered that these garrisons and arsenals are situate
where there is no sort of necessity for them, and
not in that immense region of country where no
man can say for a week to come that the fury and
ferocity of an Indian war may not burst upon
our defenseless frontier? Look at the scenes
now exhibited in Florida; scenes in every way ,
disgraceful to the country—disgraceful that cause |
should have been given for that war; still more
disgraceful to the military character of the coun-
try, that such a war had not been instantly
terminated. But, sir, if a handful of Seminóles,
the miserable remnant of a once powerful tribe,
have been able to effect so much mischief, what
have we not a right to dread from the powerful
tribes of the Northwest, the Blackfoot, Osage,
Camanche, Sioux, and others, able to bring into
the field forty thousand warriors, and to assemble
in a month fifteen thousand of the most warlike
Indians which this country has ever known, all
well armed and mounted, with inexhaustible
supplies of provision, and strongholds'and fast-
nesses altogether inaccessible ? It is not, sir, an
over-excited imagination, which alone may antici-
pate scenes on the frontiers of Missouri and Ar-
kansas; which, in every circumstance of atrocity
and horror, have no precedent, unless in the des-
olation of the Carnatic by Hyder Ali. Ask my
gallant friend from Missouri, [Mr. Ashley,] as
little given to conjuring up imaginary dangers as
to the shrinking from those which are real and
present. He, sir, will tell you that the picture is
not a fancy sketch. Why, sir, why is it, when
men and arms, that may be had at a moment's
warning, are so loudly called for by every con-
sideration of the safety and protection of the
West, that they are located far from the point of
real danger in places where there is none ? Four
companies in Maine, six in New York, and so on
throughout the chapter.
1 find my full justification in these facts, sir,
for refusing to vote for any of these partial, piece-
meal appropriations. -When a broad, general,
equal system is presented to us, I will vote as
much money as can wisely be expended. I will
not waste it with the profligacy of a spendthrift,
only'anxious to squander his patrimony. Of such
a system, I will throw out an outline. Three
national armories, one on the Ohio,Maysville,or
some other more advantageous point; one some-
where on the line between North and South Caro-
lina; another at some point in the neighborhood
of Columbus, in Georgia. Arsenals at Fayette-
ville, Columbia, Natchitoches, Little Rock, Vin-
cennes, Nashville, Columbus, Mississippi, and
some point on tho Ohio canal. The establish-
ment of navy-yards at Charleston or Port Royal,
the best harbor on the southern coast, and at some
point on the Georgia coast. Extensive yard at
Pensacola, dry-dock, materials for building the
largest ships, naval station at Key West, and a
perfect Moro Castle erected there. Let all this
be done, and I will not withhold anything that
may be reasonably required by the North; until
Jt is, I will hold the public treasure with a miser's
grasp. I will vote as much as can be expended
wisely. I have no idea whatever that one half
the amount asked for on the North Atlantic can
be expended, and that a vote to appropriate it is
only a vote to allow the money to remain in the
pelDanks. Looking at the thing a priori, it seems
to me that forty thousand laborers cannot be ob-
tained in that very small section. But, sir, we
have authority on that subject. There being no
appropriation for fortifications last year, the only
fund which was to be used in that way was an
amount unexpended of the previous year. Of
that sum, about one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars were appropriated to work in the vicinity
of the city of New York. The work was not done.
Hear the reason assigned by General Gratiot why
the work was not done,   He says:
" Fost ScBUYiwt, Tbwkj's Nscic, Bast Rrvts, N«w
York.—It was hoped, from the ample preparations made
last year, and the funds available for their application, that
the construction of this fort would have been prosecuted
the present year with much vigor. But though materials
and facilities of every description have bepn in waiting, it
has been impossible to procure a sufficient force to carry on
the work with the progress that was desired. No exertion
has been spared to facilitate the operation, either by letting
parts on contract, or by hired labor, and unavailing efforts
have been made to collect the necessary force in Boston,
Newport, Connecticut, and the western part ot'New York."
Of the Navy appropriations, three and a half
millions remain unexpended. How much of those
appropriations demanded labor, and were not ex-
pended for the want of that labor, does not appear,
and therefore we have no certain data. Here, sir,
was our Government under such an apprehen-
sion of war, that Senators are denounced for
not committing what they regarded a violation of
the Constitution, to prepare for that war, and yet
funds at the disposal of the Government to put
the country in an attitude of defense were not
used. Why were they not? The only answer
that can be given—that is not disgraceful to the
Government—is that given by General Gratiot:
Labor could not be procured. If the President
did not anticipate war, he was practicing a gas-
conade unworthy of his character; if he did, he
was bound, as far as in him lay, to put the coun-
try in a state of defense.
But, Mr. Chairman, even if this immense sum
of ten or twelve millions can be expended, do
not the enlightened men from that section—those
especially representing the great manufacturing
and shipping interests of the country—see that
to send the Government there with $10,000,000,
as a bidder for labor, must derange the whole in-
dustry of their country ? The state of society at
tbe North is .eminently complex and artificial.
The slightest shock must affect it. With the
appalling scenes which a crash in our currency—
a crash as certain as time itself—must produce,
the manufacturing interest has already trials long
and seveje enough before it. I entreat gentlemen
to look well to the consequences of the experi-
ment of sending the Government there as a com-
petitor in the labor market, and under the con-
straint of positive orders to expend this vast sum,
let labor rise ever so high. It is already one dol-
lar a day, when, in the South and West, it is less
than fifty cents. These appropriations are not
for this year alone. They are the beginning of
a system- of lavish expenditure, which will last
until 1842. No longer ? No, sir, no longer, my
.word for it. Are the judicious men of the North
—the property-holders of the North—disposed to
organize in their bosom this army of day-labor-
ers—men who, all over the world, spend between
Saturday and Monday the wages of the week,
and who, at the period of their disbandment in
the year 1842, will be penniless, and who must
go supperless to bed, unless they rob by lawless
insurrection, or by the equally terrible process of
the ballot-box? Let gentlemen jook to it: they
are in quite as much danger of insurrection as
we are.
Mr. Chairman, this business of fortifying such
a coast as ours is not to be the work of a day,
nor scarcely of a century. England, with all her
resources, has not yet finished her fortifications.
The genius of Vauban and the magnificence of
Louis XIV. required more than fifty years to
place France in any decent condition of defense.
But, sir, 1 am willing to accelerate this great
work to the utmost practicable point. Iff am
not wholly mistaken in the condition of things in
Europe, a great struggle is coming on between
the Northern Powers, the colossal Power of
Russia, directed, in a great degree, by the all-
pervading genius of Metternich, on the one side,
France and England on the other—a struggle,
sir, between the principles of despotism and. the
cause of constitutional representative government.
Such a contest must shake the civilized world to
its deepest foundations: Either for the magni-
tude of the Powers engaged, or the importance of
the issue, the world has heretofore seen nothing
like it; no, sir, not even in the wars of the first
fifteen years of the present century, when that
man of destiny literally " stormed across the war-
convulsed earth." This, I rather think, has been
the true reason for the wise interposition of Eng-
land in our controversy with France. In such a
contest, where the cause of free government and
