1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
24th Cong....1st Sess.               Mr. Benton's Expunging Resolution—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
conferring every reasonable security against the
gross abuse of necessary powers.
The .arge discretionary power which the Con-
stitution has left to cither House of Congress
over its Journals, is strikingly exemplified in the
provision respecting their publication. Each
House is required by the Constitution to publish
its Journal from tunc to time, excepting such parts
as may, in their judgment, require secrecy. Now,
under the terms of this provision, either House
of Congress, if disposed to abuse the trust reposed
in them, might suppress and withhold from the
knowledge of the people the most important part,
if not the whole of their proceedings, under the
plea that they were such as, in their judgment,
required secrecy.
In the jealous apprehensions which were enter-
tained at the time of the adoption of the Consti-
tution, of the encroachments and abuses of the
new Government, this objection was strongly
urged against the clause in question; but it was
replied, and with success, that every legislative
body must have the power of concealing import-
ant transactions, the publication of which might
compromise the public interests; and as it was
impossible to foresee and enumerate all the cases
in which such concealment might be necessary,
they should be left to the sound discretion of the
body itself, subject to the constitutional respons-
ibility of members, and the other securities pro-
vided by the Constitution against the abuse of
power. These securities have hitherto been found
sufficient, and, in point of fact, the Journal's of
both Houses have been published from day to
day, with such special and limited exceptions as
have been universally approved by, the public
judgment.
This publication, when made, is the practical
fulfillment and consummation of the design of the
Constitution in requiring a Journal to be kept by
either House of its proceedings. It is agreed on
ail hands that the great object for which a Jour-
nal is required to be kept is to give authentic in-
formation to our constituents of our proceedings,
and that information is to be given, as the Con-
stitution provides, by means of a publication,
from time to time, of the Journal itself. The
requisition to keep a Journal, on which gentlemen
have laid so much stress, is therefore merely in-
troductory, or what the lawyers call matter of
inducement only, to that which forms the life and
substance of the provision, to wit: the publication
from time to time of the Journal. The whole
structure and sequence of the sentence sustains
this interpretation: " Each House shall keep a
Journal of its proceedings, and from time to time
publish the same." It is evident that the whole
practical virtue and effect of the provision is in
the latter member of the sentence, and that the
former would have been implied and compre-
hended in it, though not expressed. It will be
seen that the corresponding provision in the Ar-
ticles of Confederation was founded explicitly
on this idea, for, presupposing the keeping of a
Journal as a matter of course, it proceeded at
«nee to require that " Congress shall publish the
Journal of their proceedings monthly, excepting
such parts thereof relating to treaties, alliances,
or military operations, as in their judgment re-
quire secrecy."
Nothing was said of keeping a Jouyial, that
being presupposed and necessarily implied; but
can any one doubt, though the articles of con-
federation were silent as to keeping a Journal,
that Congress was as much bound to keep a
Journal of their proceedings under that instru-
ment, as each House is now bound to do under
the existing Constitution ? How could they make
the required monthly publication of their Jour-
nal, unless a Journal were kept by them ? The
requisition, therefore, in the present Constitution
lo keep a Journal, is but an expression, for the
sake of greater fullness, of what would otherwise
have been implied, and serves only as a more
formal introduction to the practical end and sub-
stance of the constitutional provision on the sub-
ject, and that with which it emphatically con-
cludes, to wit: the publication, from time to time,
of the Journal. That publication once made, and
the people put in possession of the authentic evi-
dence of the proceedings of their agents, the pur-
poses of the Constitution are fulfilled, and the
preservation of the original manuscript Journal
become thenceforward an official formality.*
Even if the true and only meaning of the
requisition to keep a Journal were that which has
been so much insisted on; that is, to preserve, do
not gentlemen perceive that the preservation of
the Journal is fully and most surely accomplished
in its publication ? The thousand and ten copies
which the Secretary has told us are regularly
printed and distributed by order of the Senate to
the members of Congress, to the various public
functionaries, to the State governments, to public
institutions and societies throughout the Union,
furnish a far better security for the preservation
of the Journal than the most scrupulous care and
vestal guardianship of the original manuscript,
which, in spite of every precaution, might yet t e
lost or destroyed-by inevitable accident. These
multiplied printed copies, while placing the pres-
ervation of the Journal beyond the reach of con-
tingency, are, at the same time, for every prac-
tical public use, whether of legal evidence or
political accountability, on a footing of equal va-
lidity with the manuscript original.
The numerous parliamentary precedents in
England, as to the power of legislative bodies
over their Journals, are not denied; but it is con-
tended that, those precedents should have no
weight here, because the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States expressly requires that each House of
Congress shall keep a Journal; while, in England,
it is said, no such requisition exists in regard to
either House of Parliament. The requisition in
the Constitution of the United States, I have al-
ready shown, is but declaratory of the natural
antl preexisting law of all legislative bodies of
whose organization and functions it is a neces-
sary and invariable incident to keep a Journal of
their proceedings; and in this view I am borne
out, not only by the example of the Articles of
Confederation, out by that of several of the State
constitutions, which, presupposing the keeping of
a Journal as a matter of course, provide only,
after the manner of the Articles of Confederation,
for the periodical publication of it from time to
time. But, without dwelling further on this view
of the matter, it is altogether a mistake to say
that thpre is no positive requisition that either
House of Parliament in England shall keep a
Journal of their proceedings. I find the classic
historian of that country stating that, in 1607,
when the nascent pretensions of the Stuarts, and
the spirit of the age, first made the House of
Commons sensible both of its importance and
responsibility as a guardian of the public liberty,
that body entered a formal order for " the regular
keeping of their Journals." Subsequently, in
1621, as I learn from another authority not less
authentic, (Hatsell,) an entry was made in the
Journal of the House of Commons, on the mo-
tion of Sir Edward Sackville, in these words:
" That all our proceedings may be entered here,
and kept as records." Now, sir, it is very re-
markable that these two orders of the House of
Commons contain the identical language of the
Constitution of the United States, to wit: " that
a Journal shall be kept of their proceedings." In
each of them the magic word to " keep," which
seems to have exerted so potent a spell on the
imaginations of gentlemen, is found; and yet we
know it has never been held to be a violation of,
or inconsistent with, this order to keep a Journal
of their proceedings, for the House of Commons,
in certain cases, to apply an effectual corrective to
wrongful or improvident entries previously made
in it. It may be said, however, that this order
being made by the body itself, is not obligatory
* It is a remarkable net that there is no original man-
uscript Journal of tlie House of Representatives in exist-
ence from the date of the adoption of the Constitution to the
first session of the Eighteenth Congress, 1823 24. As soon
as the Journal was printed and published, it was supposed
there was no longer any practical motive for retaining the
original manuscript Journal, which was, therefore, never
taken care of, or preserved. Such was the practice during
the whole period of the clerkship of the celebrated John
Beckley, than whom there never was a more accomplished
Clerk, and but few abler men; and if there be propriety in
the maxim, cuilibet in tua arte credendum est, such a practi-
cal construction of the Constitution, in this regard, by a man
so conversant with bis business, must be admitted to be
entitled to no slight consideration.
on its own action. To this, I reply that the rules
prescribed by pailiamentary bodies for their gov-
ernment are always binding upon them till re-
i scinded or repealed; and while a rule or order is
" retained nothing inconsistent witli it can be done,
unless the rule be first suspended by a vote of
the body. Such is the invariable practice, both
of this and, the other House of Congress, as oí
legislative bodies elsewhere.
But this matter stands on,yet higher ground.
An act of Parliament, which all will admit is
binding on the respective Houses, and which
neither House can repeal or control by its sepa-
rate action, virtually requires a Journal to be
kept by the House of Commons, in requiring
certain entries to be made in it. I refer to the
statute of six Henry VIII., which provides," that
I ' the license for members, departing from their
' service, shall be entered of record in the book
' of the Clerk of Parliament, appointed, or to be
| 'appointed, for the Commons House." The
I book of the Clerk for the Commons House, here
i referred to, and in which certain thingsare required
i to be entered of record, is of course the Journal
| of the House. But how cap these entries be made
I in the Journal, unless a Journal be kept. Thia
act of Parliament, therefore, requires, and virtu-
ally commands, the keeping of a Journal by the
House of Commons; just as the Articles of Con-
federation, already referred tp, in providing that
Congress " shall publish the Journal of its pro-
ceedings monthly," virtually requires Congress
to keep a Journal; for otherwise the required
publication could not take place.
_ The distinction, therefore, which has been re-
lied upon to justify the rejection of the British
precedents on this subject, is not founded in a
just view of the constitutional or parliamentary
history of that country. The two Houses of
Parliament are, in fact, bound and required to
keep a Journal of their proceedings, as well as
the two Houses of Congress. They are bound
to do so by the very nature of their institution,
by their own rules and orders, and by the Virtual
command of act of Parliament. If, therefore, a
similarity or community of principle could, in
any case, justify arguing from the institutions
and usages of the one country to those of the
other, it is certainly upon a question like the
present. I find that much use was made on
another and recent occasion in this body,of Brit-
ish parliamentary precedents, by gentlemen who
seem now inclined to disavow and reject them
altogether. If I am not mistaken, the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] on the
question which was so earnestly and ably de-
bated here recently, as to the right of either
House to refuse to receive a petition, introduced
Hatsell's work, the great repository of British
parliamentary precedents, and drew largely from
it in support of the position he maintained—that
it would be no violation of the right of petition-
ing, as guarantied by the Constitution, to refuse
to receive a petition after presentation.
Mr, CALHOUN here explained, and was un-
derstood to say that gentlemen on the other side
of the question, in that discussion, had referred
to the English laws and doctrines on the subject
of the right of petition, and that he made use
of the parliamentary precedents from Hatsell to
show that, in the British parliamentary practice,
it was held ño violation of the right of petition to
refuse to receive a petition.
Mr. RIVES said he had not had the pleasure
of hearing the speech of the gentleman from
South Carolina; but he inferred from reading it,
that he considered the parliamentary practice of
Great Britain as, at least, high authority in ref-
erence to the question then under discussion. I
am not at all disposed (said Mr. R.) to question
the propriety of the application then made by the
Senator from South Carolina, of precedents from
the English.parliamentary practice. I mean only
to say that, however applicable they may have
been on that occasion, they are, at least, as much
so on the present.
The precedents in the British parliamentary
practice (which, it must be admitted, has furnished
the model, and, to a great extent, the law of the
proceedings of our legislative bodies here, and in
every State of the Union) are, on the subject now
