1836.]
ÁfPfífDlX TO THE C0NGRESS1GWA& GLOBE.
238
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Mr. Benton's Expunging Resolution—Mr. Rites,
SewaJe.
which provides that the " President having taken
* the cnair, and a quorum being present, the
«Journal of the preceding day shall be read, to
' the end that any mistake ¡halt be corrected that shall
«be made in the entrits."
Now, sir, in the precedent of 1806 there was
no mistake in the entry which was ordered to be
expunged. It recited truly, and in compliance
with a positive injunction of the rules of the Sen-
ate, the substance of the memorials presented,
and the proceeding of the Senate on their present-
ation. There was, and could be, no allegation
of any error in these respects. The entry was
ordered to be expunged, not because of any mis-
takt in it, but because the matter of it was unjust
and wrong; because it went to criminate the Ex-
ecutive administration of the country, without
proof or probability; and for that reason ought
not to stand upon the Journal of a coordinate
department. It is in vain, therefore, to endeavor
to resolve the precedent of 1806 into the ordinary
power of revising and correcting the Journal be-
fore it is finally made up. It was a far different
thing. It was no process of correcting mistakes
in entries on the Journal, which is ordinarily
done the morning after the entries are made, and
without the formality of an order or resolution.
It was the exercise, on the part of this body, of
a higher and more important power—a power
not to correct mistakes, (for there was none;)
but to redress wrong—to purge its Journal—not
of erroneous entries, but of improper matter, in
the entry of which there had -been no error or
mistake—a power which, from the nature of it,
and the principles on which it is founded, must
exist in as full force the next year, as the next
morning, after the objectionable entry has been
nade.
No ingenuity, Mr. President, however great,
no effort of mind, however gigantic, can ever
succeed in the attempt which is made to reconcile
the senatorial precedent of 1806, with the doc-
trines of gentlemen who oppose the resolution
now under consideration. On what, sir, is their
whole argument built? Is it not the assumption
that each House of Congress, in being required
to "keep a Journal of their proceedings," is
bound to preserve to all future time the record of
each and all of their proceedings; that every act
or proceeding of either House should be entered
on the Journal, and once truly entered there, that
entry can never thereafter be touched, altered, or
removed, but must remain as it is, without the
change of a letter or a comma, to the " last syl-
lable of recorded time." Now, sir, can it be con-
tended, that the presentation of the memorials of
Messrs. Smith and Ogden by a member of the
Senate, the reading of those memorials, the action
taken upon them by the Senate, were not proceed-
ings of which the Constitution requires a Journal
to be kept ? We have already seen that the rules
of the Senate, adopted for the purpose of fulfilling
the injunction of the Constitution, expressly re-
quire all these things to be entered on the Journal.
Can it be pretended that these matters were not
truly entered ? By no means! In every possible
aspect, then, in which the proceeding of this body
in 1806 can be viewed, it utterly prostrates the
whole fabric of technical refinement on which the
arguments of gentlemen against the power to ex-
punge have been raised.
A case of expunging, involving precisely the
same principle, and leading to the same conse-
quence, occurred in the House of Representatives
not many years ago. On the 25th of February,
1832, Mr. Randolph,of Virginia, being informed
that Mr. Pinckney had just died in the city—
where he then was — rose and announced the
event to the House, with the impressive eloquence
which the loss of such aman naturally drew from
a genius of kindred inspiration,'and moved an
immediate adjournment of the House. It after-
wards appeared that Mr. Pinckney was not dead
at the time that Mr. Randolph communicated the
event to the House, though he died some few
hours after. The fact, however, of Mr. Ran-
dolph's having announced the event, and the
consequent adjournment of the House, were ne-
cessarily entered on the Journal as a part of its
proceedings; and the following day, Mr. Ran-
dolph, after an explanation of the circumstances,
moved that the entry on the Journal of the pre-
ceding day should be expunged, which was or-
dered, and accordingly done. Now, sir, if the
extreme, and, I might well call it, superstitious
strictness which is now inculcated in regard to
the sanctity and inviolability of entries once made
on our Journals had prevailed then, this expunc-
tion, however simple and proper in itself, could
not have been made. It will be remarked that
there was no mistake in the entry made on the
Journal. The entry was not of Mr. Pinckney'o
death, but of the fact that Mr. Randolph on a given
day announced to the House that Mr. Pinckney was
dead, and then moved an adjournment. That
fact was truly entered, precisely as it occurred.
If there had been a mistake in the entry, the mo-
tion would have been the ordinary one, to correct,
and not the extraordinary one, to expunge it. If,
moreover, the doctrine now so earnestly con-
tended for by gentlemen was well founded, that
a transaction or proceeding in either House once
truly entered on its Journal, the entry must stand
there to all future time, and cannot be touched or
changed in a letter or a comma, without a viola-
tion of the Constitution, then Mr. Randolph, in-
stead of the short and obvious remedy of an
expunction of the entry of the preceding day,
could have, constitutionally, attained his object
only by a distinct entry of his explanation on the
Journal of the succeeding day.
But, sir, the Senator from Louisiana, even con-
ceding the power of each House over entries pre-
viously made on its Journal, contends that this
power is limited to the current Congress, and that
the Senate or House of Representatives of a suc-
ceeding Congress has no control whatever over
the Journal of the Senate or House of Repre-
sentatives of a preceding Congress. Without
stopping to show that this argument, even if cor-
rect in its principle, would be wholly inapplieable
to the Senate, which, from the successive partial
renewals of its members, (one third of the whole
being replaced by new elections every second
year,) is a perpetual body, I choose rather to
meet the principle of the objection at once by
demonstrating its utter: incompatibility with the
nature of the legislative trust. It is a fundamental
principle in regard to legislative bodies, that in
their ordained succession, by virtue of periodical
-elections, one Legislature has precisely as much
and the same power as another; a law enacted by
one Legislature, or in one session of a .Legisla-
ture, may be' repealed by another, or during a
subsequent session. What one resolves another
may rescind; and in like manner, and on the
same principle, one Legislature has as much aad
the same power over the legislative records as
another. In this respect there is an obvious and
important distinction between legislative and judi-
cial bodies; a supposed analogy in whose func-
tions and proceedings has, doubtless, misled the
honorable Senator. After the adjournment or
close of the term of a court, its proceedings, its
orders, its judgments, its decrees, are final and
irrevocable, so far as depends on its own action.
It has no power, as legislative bodies have, at a
subsequent term or session, to revoke, change, or
set aside anything done by it at a preceding term
or session. If error has been committed, that
error can be corrected after the expiration of the
term only by a higher tribunal, and certain lim-
itations of time are prescribed within which even
these appeals to higher tribunals must be prose-
cuted. So imperative is the maxim, " interest
reipublicce ut sit finis litiwn," the public repose
requires a limit to be fixed to judicial contro-
versies. The nature of the legislative trust, how-
ever, being altogether different, and requiring
that the exercise and expression of the public
will should be, at all times, unfettered in matters
of general concern, every Legislature, or session
of a Legislature, has an unlimited control over
the acts, proceedings, or resolutions of a preced-
ing Legislature er session.  -
Gentlemen have been misled, as it seems tome,
through the whole course of this discussion, by a
supposed analogy between legislative and judicial
proceedings, when, in fact, none exists. Either
from the force of professional habits, or from a
hasty consideration of the subject, we have hew 
legislative journals and judicial records constantly
confounded, when no two things can be more
distinct. The security of private rights, titles to
property, real and personal, repose on the judicial
records of the country; and hence those records
are everywhere guarded by proper penal enact-
ments against unauthorized interference, or any
alteration whatever. But in regard to legislative
journals, while they are necessarily confided to
the sound discretion of the respective bodies
whose duty it is to keep them, private rights and
the security of property can never depend upon
them. Important rights and interests may some-
times be claimed or acquired, I know, under le-
gislative acts; but those acts, if laws, are never
spread upon the Journal; or if joint resolutions,
they are enrolled and preserved, like the laws,
out of, and independently of, the Journal; and
both are included in annual and authorized pub-
lications of the acts of Congress, which are re-
ceived in evidence in all the courts without further
proof of authenticity.
Dismissing, for the present, Mr. President, the
authority of precedents, there are .cases in which,
upon the mere reason of the thing, 1 think all
would agree that the right of this body to ex-
punge an entry from its Journal would be unques-
tionable. The Constitution requires each House
to .keep a Journal of its "proceedings;" that is, I
presume, its proceedings as a constitutional body,
acting in discharge of its appropriate constitu-
tional functions. On this P° nt I beg leave to
read a passage from Mr. Jefferson's Manual, the
authority which especially governs our proceed-
ings in this body—a passage which seems to me
to have an important bearing on the question we
have been considering:
He says: " Where the Constitution authorizes
• each House to determine the rules of its pro-
' ceedings, it must mean, in those cases, legnsla-
' tive, executive, or judiciary, submitted to them
' by. the Constitution, or in something relating
' to these, and necessary towards their execu-
' tion. But orders and resolutions are sometimes
* entered in the Journals having no relation to
'these,-such.as acceptances«f invitations toat-
' tend orations, to take part in processions, &c.
1 These must be understood to be merely conxen-
' tional among those .who are willing to partici-
' pate in the ceremony; and are,, therefore, per-
' naps improperly placed among the record* of the
' House."
The result of this, as it seems to me, very clear
and just distinction is, that nothing is to ke re-
garded as properly a proceeding of either House,
of which a. Journal is required to be kept, but such
acts as are done in discharge of the legislative,
executive, ofjudicial functions respectively com-
mitted to them by the Constitution. If any act
be done by either House not appertaining, to .the
discharge of its constitutional functions, that act
ought to be considered as extra-official, or, as
Mr. Jefferson expresses it, as merely conventional
among the members participating in it; conse-
quently, not as a proceeding of the body to be en-
tered on the Journal, and if improperly placed there,
may be, and ought to be, taken off. With, this
distinction as my guide, let me suppose a case.
Let us suppose that this body, imitating the irreg-
ular practice which has obtained in «omo of the
State Legislatures, should, while still prganiwd
as a Senate, proceed to the nominaii   of a Pres-
ident of Uw United States: let us suppose that
the very resolution which is now proposed to be
expunged had been used, as it well might, as a
preamble to such a nomination: let us suppose
.that the President had been iohis first term,and
then the preamble and nomination would have
run thus: " Whereas Andrew Jackson,' the Pres-
< ident of the United States, has, in the late execu-
«tive proceedings in relation to the public revenue,
' assumed upon himself authority and power not
' conferred by the Constitution and laws, but in
' derogation of both,'and has thereby proved him-
self unworthy of the confidence of a free people:
Resolved, therefore, as the opinion of the Senate,
That________be, and is hereby, recommended
to the good people of the United States as the
most fit and proper person ta replace the said
