234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Mr. Benton's Evpunging Resolution—Mr. Rives.
Se
NATE.
in the office  of President,'
Andrew Jackson
Sec
Suppose, Mr President, that such a resolution
had be*ii adopted by the Senate, onrimzed as it
is nt tins moment, \ourself in the cliair. all the
Stnatois in their seats, the Secretary at his table,
the veas and nays called upon it, and the resolu-
tion finally entered on the Journal; could such
a resolution, notwithstanding all the senatorial
forms which mi?ht have accompanied it, be con-
sidered as a proceedmg of the Senate withfn the
meanms of the Constitution > Can any one doubt
that there would be full authority in this body,
when it should see the error and evil tendency of
its id, to expvnge such a resolution from its
Journal' If so, the question of power is settled,
and the propriety only of its exercise would then
depend upon a question, which I will not antici-
pate the disc ission of, but which it may be well
to suggest for the consideration of gentlemen,
whether the resolution actually adopted on the
occasion referred to, had more relation to the
functions, legislative, executive, or judiciary,
intrusted by the Constitution to this body, than
the resolution supposed, would have had.
While, therefore,Mr. President,I cannot doubt
that there are cases in which an entry improperly
placed upon our Journals may be removed or ex-
punged therefrom by actual erasure or oblitera-
tion, it must yet be borne in mind that no such
obliteration or erasure is contemplated or required
by the resolution now under consideration. It
contemplates a mmal, not a physical expunction;
an expunction of the act, without expunging the
rteord. It seeks to deprive that act of all legal
force and validity by applying to it the appro-
priate and significant language of parliamentary
condemnation, and without erasing or oblitera ting
the original entry of it on the Joui nal, to affix to
that entry a visible mark, which shall show in
all time that the act there recorded, had been re-
voked, annulled, and repudiated by the solemn
judgment of the Senate and the nation; so that if
in any future search for precedent, the act be
found, its condemnation be found inseparably
associated with it. That this is the meaning and
intention of the resolution, is shown by its own
express declaration. But it is objected that, in
that sense, the term expunged cannot be prop-
erly used. The question, then, becomes one of
mere verbal criticism; and surely gentlemen will
admit that it is the privilege of public bodies, as
well as of private individuals, to define the sense
in which they use terms susceptible of a difference
of signification. This is explicitly done by the
resolution under consideration,and all objections
founded on the assumption of a meaning, different
from that in which the resolution interprets and
defines its own language, must of necessity fall
to the ground But I willingly meet gentlemen
on the question they have made, and maintain
that the use of the word expunge, in the sense in
which it is employed on the present occasion, is
perfectly correct and consistent in itself, and jus-
tified by numerous parallel examples in the usage
of language, both in juridical and parliamentary
Í)roceedings. I will call the attention of my
earned colleague [Mr. Leigh] especially, to a
striking illustration furnished by the decisions of
the highest courts in our own State, with which
he is far more familiar than I can pretend to be.
We all know, Mr President, that, in law, a deed
is an instrument, signed, sealed, and delivered—
that it is an essential and indispensable element
in its legal character that it should be sealed, and
that a teal, in the common understanding of the
word, and as defined, I believe, by Lord Coke
himself, is an impression made on wax or wafer,
and yet the court of appeals in Virginia—ashave
more recently, I believe, the courts in a majority
of the other States—decided on principles of com-
mon sense and common law, independently of
any statutory provision on the subject, that a
scroll or black lines drawn in any shape to suit
the fancy of the drawer, when declared to be in-
tended for a seal, does, in fact, constitute a seal,
and makes the paper to which it is attached, to
all intents and purposes, a sealed instrument.
Now, sir, if black Unes can thus be made to con-
stitute a seal, a thing which, in its ordinary sense,
is formed of wholly different materials, surely j
they may be made to stand for expunging-, which,
in its strictest and most literal sense, demands
only the use of the same mateuals. In either
case the declared intention stands in place of, and
is equivalent to, the thing itself.
Again, sir, the teim cauce/, if not of pvecisely
the same, is certainly of veiy analogous import,
to the word expunge. Its etymological meaning,
as well as that which is given to it in the le^al
definition, is to destroy a deed or other wilting
by drawing lines across it in the form of lattice
work It is a pimcipal branch of the common
law jurisdiction of the court of chancery in Eng-
land to canee/ letters patent (which aie records)
obtained from the King upon false suggestions,
or otherwise void. In both lesal and populai
phraseology we speak of a deed or will (also
matters of record) being canceled by the decree
of a court. Now, sir, in these cases, I presume
the Lord Chancellor does not actually draw lines
in the form of lattice woik on the letters patent
which he cancels; nor does the court run the pen
across the will or deed which is canceled and set
aside by its decision. On the contiary, it is the
decision of the Chanceller or the deciee of the
court pronouncing the patent, will, or deed, to
be fraudulent and void, which, perse, cancels it;
that is, destroys its legal validity and effect,
while leaving the record of its material existence
unimpaired In like manner the word expunge,
in the present instance, exerts its whole force on
the legal act or precedent itself, without impairing
the written entry of it upon our Journal.
The illustrations furnished by familiar parlia-
mentary proceedings, are not less forcible, while
they have the advantage of coming still neaier
home to us. When a motion is made and car-
ried to strike out a clause or section in a bill, it
is not, as I understand, actually stricken out or
erased with the pen, but the portion voted to be
stricken out is indicated by suitable marks, with
a corresponding notation on the margin of the bill,
or on aseparate paper, and is consideied as sti icktn
out by the mere force of the vote. What is di- ¡
reeled to be done, is, by a parliamentary fiction,
if you choose, considered as actually done. It is
a singular coincidence that, in the earlier period
of out parliamentary history, this very word ex-
punge, which has of late furnished such a fruitful
theme of commentary, was habitually used instead
of the phrase to strike out, in reference to amend-
ments, and in the sense in which the latter phrase
has just been explained. During the two first
Congresses under the present Constitution, I find
that in the Journal of this body especially, the
word expunge is of constant recurrence; and that
in proposing amendments to bills, the motion was
to expunge, instead of stnfce out; and when car-
ried, the clause or section which was the subject
of the motion, was said to be expunged, though,
as in the case of striking out, there was no actual
erasure, which it is now contended the word ne-
cessarily imports From its frequent recurrence
in the same application, in Yates's report of the
proceedings of the Convention which formed the
Constitution, we are authonzed to infer that its
use in the same sense was also familiar among
the learned statesmen who composed that illus-
trious assembly                                                      '
But there is an example of its use which I can-
not forbear to mention. In the draft of the dec-
laration of independence this significant word is
used in the very sense which is assigned to it on
the present occasion. After stating the funda-
mental principle of the right of the people to alter
or abolish their institutions—a right which pru-
dence requires should not be exercised for light
and transient causes; and accordingly, that all
experience hath shown mankind more disposed
to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to abol- '
ish the forms to which they are accustomed, the
following pregnant sentence occurs: " Such has
been the patient endurance of these colonics,
and such is now the necessity which constrains
them to expunge their former systems of govern-
ment."
Now, sir, as Mr. Jefferson was what Lord
Clarendon, I think, called John Hampden, a rooi
and branch man, he might be considered, perhaps,
both in temperament and principle, as an er-
punger. It may not, theiefoie, be impropei to
add, that this woid stood in the Deehration of
Independenee not only as it came from the pen
of Mr. Ji lltison, but as it was reported to Con-
gress, and sanctioned by the rest of the commit-
tee, by John Ad.tms, Bi njamin Piankhn, Robert
Livingston,and Roger Sherman. What, s,u , did
these, groat men and illustrious patnotb mean by
expunging out " ioimcrsybtims of government'"
Did they mean that the loyal chatters, in which
those systems of go\ernmtnt existed and were
delineated, weie to be etased and obliterated with
the pen, as modern commentators would have
us believe the word expunge can only mean' No,
sir, they meant, as we mean on the present occa-
sion, that the institution, the act, should be ex-
punged, leaving the lecoid of it unimpaired.
Having thus, sir, I hope, satisfactorily estab-
lished the true pailiamontaiy sense of expunging,
permit me to say something of the thing itself.
Attempts have been made here and clsewheie to
represent it as something very odious and iniqui-
tous. Now, sir, I take upon myself to say that,
fiom the nature of the thing, implying necessa-
rily a delibeiate change in the public councils, it
never can be resorted to in a repiesentative Gov-
ernment but with the sanction, and under the
authority of the people, and in their hands will
never be used but for the vindication of their
rights and of the principles of then fundamental
law. In the history of our Butish ancestors, sir,
it comes down to us through a long line of glori-
ous traditions. In that country it has been the
instrument by which every great principle of civil
and political liberty has been successfully vindi-
cated and established. How was expunging used,
sir, in the celebrated case of John Hampden and
ship-money in 1640' Wc all know, sir, that in
that case the King claimed an aibitrary power to
levy upon the people, at his own discretion, what-
ever imposition he might deem necessary for the
support of tho Government and the defense of
the kingdom. This enormous usurpation was
sanctioned by the judges, not merely in an extra-
judicial opinion nregulaily obtained from them,
but in their solemn judgment íendeied in the Ex-
chequer Chamber against John Hampden for his
refusal to pay the odious tubute exacted of him.
These iniquitous pioceedings weie afterwaids
expunged in the high court of Parliament; and by
that expunciion the great principle of free govern-
ment, that the people can be taxed only with
their consent, given through their íepresentatives
—that principle which gave bnth to our own
gloiious Revolution, was, for the first time, suc-
cessfully and nrevoeably established. In the case
of Skinner and the East India Company in 1669,
to which 1 have heretofore refeired, what was the
great principle involved ? In addition to that ul-
timate appellate jurisdiction in questions of law,
of which the House of Lords in England has been
long possessed, it claimed, on that occasion,
cognizance of original suits, in utter subveision
of the trial by jury. By being forced at last, by
the noble resistance of the House of Commons,
to expunge the judgment they had pronounced,
and their other proceeding in that memoiable case,
they renounced finally this dangeious claim of
original jurisdiction, and the glorious institution
of our Anglo-Saxon ancestois, the gieat bulwark
of British and American fieedom, the tual by
jury, was thus tnumphantly rescued and main-
tained.
In the case of the protest of the Tory loids in
1690, to which I have also had occasion to refer,
the principle involved and finally vindicated by
this odious process of expunging, was even of a
deeper and more vital chaiacter. The Senate
will recollect that the clause in the recognition
bill, to which the Tory lords objected, and against
which they entered their protest, was one assert-
ing the validity of the acts of the Convention Par-
liament—that Parliament under whose auspices
the glorious revolution of 1688 had just been
achieved The Toiy lords were unwilling to
recosnize the validity of its acts, because it was
called together in the emergency of a great crisis,
by the voice of the nation itself, speaking in the
person of the Prince of Orange, and without the
