1836.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reorganization of the Militia—Mr. Gillet.
Ho. or Reps.
formality of the King's writ, which these lords
held was indispensable under all circumstances,
to constitute a lawful Parliament. This objection,
formally recorded in their protest, struck at the
vital principle of the revolution which had just
been accomplished—the sovereign right of the
people to alter or abolish their institutions without
a slavish submission to preexisting forms. The
House, therefore, ordered their protest, which
had been regularly entered on the Journal, to be
expunged, and in doing so worthily vindicated
the vital principle of the right of the people to
change, modify, or abolish their institutions,
whenever it shall seem to them good, a principle
which stands in the very front of the declaration
of American independence, and is even more
essential to American than British liberty.
The case of the Middlesex election, which gave
rise to another instance of expunging in 1782, is
perfectly familiar to the minds of the Senate.
There the great right of the people freely to
choose their own representatives was vindicated
and established by expunging a resolution of the
House of Commons, adopted fourteen years ago,
«ltd which was justly described as " subversive
of the rights of the whole body of electors in the
kingdom." We have seen, then, this denounced
and calumniated process of expunging, through
two centuries of British freedom, used as the
efficacious instrument by which every great con-
stitutional right, every cardinal principle of pop-
ular liberty dear to the hearts of freemen, has
been successfully vindicated and redeemed: in
1640, the right of the people to be taxed only with
their own consent; in 1769,the right to jury trial;
in 1690, that right, -which is the mother of all
others, the right of the people to organize, mod-
ify, or abolish their political institutions at their
own pleasure; in 1682, that right, which forms
the practical security for the rest, the right of the
people freely to choose their own representatives.
In view of these facts it is no exaggeration to say
that every cardinal principle of British and Amer-
ican freedom has, at one period or another, been
vindicated and established by this remedial but
'calumniated process of expunging.
I have already remarked, Mr. President, that
this remedy for the abase of delegated power can
never be resorted to, in a representative Govern-
ment, but with the deliberate sanction and under
the formal authority of the people. Expunging
is, in fact, the embodied and potential voice of
the people, bursting, by its legitimate power, the
doors of legislative assemblies, and correcting, in
the most solemn form, the deviations and assump-
tions of their servants. It necessarily implied a
change in the public councils by the operation
of the public will; for the body which has com-
mitted an error or been guilty of a usurpation,
remaining constituted as it was, will not be the
willing instrument of correcting or expunging its
own wrong. Accordingly, in every one of the
cases which I have mentioned, the final parlia-
mentary action has been preceded by the ma-
tured, the settled, the irreversible judgment of
the public mind. In the case of Hampden and
the ship-money, the proceedings which were ex-
punged took place in 1637; the expunction fol-
lowed, three years after, in 1640. In the mean
time the public mind had been anxiously and
intensely exercised on the subject; the question
had been publicly and solemnly argued before all
the judges in the exchequer chamber, from time
to time, through a period of six months. After
their decision was pronounced, the merits of that
derision continued to furnish the theme of able
and earnest discussion at the bar of public opin-
ion; and finally the settled judgment of the na-
tion was carried into execution, by the order of
the high court of Parliament, for expunging the
roll  of the obnoxious proceedings. In the case
of Skinner and the East India Company, in like
manner, the question between the two Houses
was pending, and earnestly debated before the
nation, for eighteen months; and the House of
Commons was but the organ of the settled public
opinion of the country in finally wresting from
the lords the expunction of their dangerous and
illegal proceedings. In the case of the protest
of the Tory lords, in 1690, the great principle
involved had been kept constantly before the
public mind by the profound interest awakened
by the revolution of 1688; and the faithful and
patriotic Whigs of that day but acted out a delib-
erate and foregone conclusion in the public judg-
ment by expunging' a protest which assailed the
vital principle of popular sovereignty. In the
case of the Middlesex election the question had
been pending before the nation for fourteen long
years; during which time it had been the subject
of public discussion in every possible form—
popular, parliamentary, and legal; in meetings
of the people, in both Houses of Parliament, and
incidentally before the judicial tribunals of the
country. Public opinion was never more ma-
turely formed, more fully expressed, or more
faithfully represented, than in the order for ex-
punging the unconstitutional and obnoxious res-
olution in that case.
So it is, sir, on the present occasion. It is this
day precisely two years since the resolution now
proposed to be expunged was adopted by this
body. During the whole of that period the pub-
lic attention has been constantly recalled to it by
able and eloquent debates here—by the searching
discussions ofthe press—by the calm and self-
directed inquiries of the public mind. The sub-
ject has been constantly under the consideration
ofthe people in one form or another. Every tem-
porary and artificial excitement has passed by,
and the public judgment has been left to its own
self-balanced wisdom to pronounce on the issue
¿'oined before it. Its decision, I believe, sir, has
een made up, and in great part pronounced.
Eleven ofthe sovereign States ofthe Union have
spoken, and spoken authoritatively, demanding
the expunction of this resolution from our Jour-
nals. There can be but little hazard in saying
that four or five more desire to, and would ap-
prove of it, though they have not yet spoken in
an authoritative form, probably because they have
supposed it to be unnecessary to do so. The
judgment of our constituents, then—ofthe people
and of the States—has passed on this transaction
—I believe, irrevocably passed upon it. They
consider the resolution adopted by this body on
the 28th March, 1834, as irregular, as illegal, as
unjust, as unconstitutional; and the more alarm-
ing as proceeding from that branch of the Fed-
eral Legislature which is the most irresponsible,
and as tending dangerously to increase its power,
already sufficiently great. On these grounds they
demand that that resolution be expunged from
our Journal; and seeing not the slightest consti-
tutional impediment to the remedial process for
which they have indicated their preference, I, for
one, Mr. President, will cheerfully obey their
voice.
REORGANIZATION OP THE MILITIA.
SPEECH OF HON. R. H. GILLET,
0  NEW YORK,
In T3E House of Representatives,
March 14,1836,
On the Resolution  of tne Legislature of New York relating
to the Militia.
Mr. GILLET said, that among the resolutions
heretofore passed by the Legislature of the State
of New York, and now presented by him, he
wished to call the attention of the House to the
following:
" Retolced, That oar Senators in Congress be instructed,
and oar Representatives be requested, to use their exertions
to procure such amendments to the acts of Congress organ-
izing the militia, as shall relieve the people, as far as prac-
ticable, from the burdens of the system, witbqut impairing
its efficiency."
He desired that this resolution should go for
consideration to the standing Committee on the
Militia, and with the view of presenting distinct
propositions for their action, ne moved the fol-
lowing instructions:
That the committee inquire into the expediency
of so altering the laws relating to the militia as to
provide—
First. That all free white able-bodied male
citizens of the United States, between twenty-one
and forty-five years of age, shall be enrolled in
the militia.
Second. That of the persons so enrolled, all
who are under twenty-seven years of age shall,
once in each year, be called out for a period not
less than six days, and remain under arms during
that period, with a view of improvement in mili-
tary discipline and martial exercise; and such
persons to be minute-men, and to be first called
upon in case of insurrection or invasion.
Third. That the persons who are so called out,
and remain under arms, shall receive a reasonable
compensation for their time.
Fourth. That the Government of the United
States shall furnish, at proper depositions, for
the use of the persons thus called out, all needful
tents, arras, and accouterments.
Fifth. That there shall be deposited, at the
proper points on the frontiers and sea-board, all
necessary and proper arms, including brass can-
non and accouterments and ammunition, to sup-
ply the enrolled militia, when called into actual
service in defense of the country.
The Constitution of the United States has
vested in Congress the power rt to provide for
' organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia,
• and for governing such part of them as may be
« employed in the service of the United States; re-
' serving to the States respectively the appointment
' ofthe officers, and the authority of training the
' militia, according to the discipline prescribed by
• Congress."
This provision had emanated from those who
had pledged their lives, their property, and sacred
honor, in the cause of liberty — those who had
justly appreciated the evils of a standing army,
and had referred to them as one just cause for re-
sisting British sovereignty. The wisdom of this
provision has seldom been ■questioned; and there
are few known to the public, who would hazard
a reputation, by advocating the abandonment of
militia, and the substitution of a standing army.
The potency of the latter in controlling and di-
recting events, not connected with their legitimate
employment, has been too frequently and forcibly
illustrated, to be soon forgotten; while the former
has, on all occasions, been found a safe, cheap,
and efficient power, when properly directed, in
aiding the civil authority in the due" exercise of
its power, in the execution of process, the sup-
pression of domestic violence, and in repelling
invasion. When the citizen soldier has accom-
plished the objects which called him toarms.and
fulfilled the requirements of duty to his country,
he joyously bids adieu to the tented field, and the
horror and havoc of war, resumes his station in
society, and enjoys the blessings of peace and
tranquillity in the bosom of his family. The
whole aim of his military life is to protect and
Ereserve his country, ana secure to himself and
is fellow-citizens the enjoyment of freedom at
their own fire-side. While the hired mercenary
of Europe is impelled by his appetite for bounty,
the American citizen soldier luis no motive but
the glory of his country, and the peace and hap-
piness of its citizens.
In order, however, to secure to the country this
efficient, safe, and available force, it is necessary
to secure a proper organization of the militia.
The present organization does not produce the
desired result. Soon after the adoption of the
Constitution, when the whole number of free
white inhabitants in the Union amounted to only
about three millions, a law was passed organizing
the militia. It bears date May 8,1792. This
law requires all free white able-bodied persons,
between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years,
to equip themselves and perform military duty.
With slight modifications this law remains with-
out alteration. This act was passed when our
population was limited in number, and at a time
when the Indians were hanging upon our exten-
sive frontier, with hostile feelings. The country
has undergone a change; but no corresponding
change has been made in our law regulating this
subject, although it has long been desired, and
without it the system must sink. It no w receives,
for the want of proper legislative attention, much
of public contempt.
