1836.]
-APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GFDOBE.
237
24th Cong...1st Sjésb.
Reorganization of the Militia—Mr. Gillet.
Ho. of Reps.
where can it be purchased ? The valuable pro-
ducts of the national armories are not thrown into
market for sale; and, if they were, self-interest
or necessity would induce a large majority to
purchase the inferior article on account of its
cheapness. The poor article, which is one of
mercantile speculation, is almost the only one
within his reach. Hence the militia are compelled
to purchase the refuse article thrown from your
armories, the like article from abroad, or such as
are manufactured by individuals on speculation,
where there is no guarantee of quality beyond the
external appearance. It is useless to require the
militia to furnish their own arms when they are
so seldom fit for actual service. The Govern ment
should furnish them, and keep them at such places
as will enable the minute men at all times to be ,
supplied with a first rate safe article, to be re- '
turned when no longer needed.
A fifth objection is, that no military knowledge
is derived from the ordinary trainings.
Mr. G. said he could not admit the truth of
this objection to the full extent. In many sections
of the Union there are those who profit largely
by their efforts at improvement. Whole com-
panies, and even whole regiments, had arrived at
a state of discipline worthy an American militia,
and even a regular army. His own personal
knowledge enabled him to say that military talent
had been frequently developed at militia train-
ings that would not suffer by comparison with
much in the regular service. Still it must be
admitted, that less military knowledge had been
generally acquired than a due regard to oar wel-
fare required. The average time that persons
now train, in each year, is «bout three days,
making an aggregate, during the twenty-seven
years of service required by law, of eighty-one
days. It had not been customary to call out the
privates more than one day at a time; and the
consequence had been, that between the trainings
they usually forgot much of what they had pre-
viously learned. By the time the words of com-
mand become intelligible to them, the exercise
was ended. He proposed to require the trainings
to continue at least a week. During this con-
tinuous period much instruction might be im-
parted, which would not soon be forgotten. The
aggregate of service would be lessened more than
one half, while the improvement would be Quad-
rupled. Instead of requiring eighty-one days'
service during the whole term, only thirty-six
would be exacted, making a saving of forty-five
days.
Mr. G. thought it impossible to keep up a mili-
tary spirit in the country, without trainings and
martial exhibition. He would ask when it was
that gentlemen felt the beating of the high mili-
tary poise ? The answer must be, at the time
they saw a brilliant military array, conducted in
an orderly manner. He well recollected it was
these exhibitions, that induced him, at an'early
age, to leave the quiet enjoyments of home for
the camp of war, and regret still lingered in his
bosom that parental authority had defeated his
purpose of doing so. The periodical and pro-
tracted trainings which he had proposed, would
develop the military talent required in cose of
actual service, and would foster a spirit that
would never yield to any opposing force. It
would prepare a corps of active young men ready
for any emergency, the very existence of which
would preserve domestic quiet, and prevent all
invasions. It would restrain the turbulent spirit
of the Indians in the West, and cause them to
respect our authority, which they would other-
vise contemn. It would also restrain the out-
breakings of that spirit which had been attempted
to be excited at the South, by the mischievous-
ness or wickedness of fanaticism.
The sixth objection urged against the present
law, is that it requires every person to equip him-
self at his own expense.
Mr. G. said he had, when discussing the quality
of equipments in the hands of the militia,_partialiy
examined this point. He was of the opinion the
true basis of aft taxation is property. The tax
should be laid, not upon the individuals, but upon
the wealth of the country. No one would pre-
tend that it would be just or consistent with the
spirit of our institutions to tax die man who was
not worth a dollar the same that you would one
worth ten thousand dollars. Such a proposition
would find favor in no quarter. If it should ever
become necessary to lay a direct tax, is there a
single member in this House who would propose
to tax every individual, let him have much or
little property, the same sum? Would any one
expect the concurrence of the people in a propo-
sition to tax all the free white able-bodied citizens
between eighteen and forty-five years of age, the
sum of fifteen dollars, leaving all others untaxed.
The ordinary expense of agood musket, bayonet,
and accouterments, is about fifteen dollars, while
the same quality of rifles and appendages cost
about twenty. The law which requires certain
of our citizens to provide themselves with equip-
ments, rests in equity upon the same foundation
as the tax just mentioned. It is equally unjust,
and as much at variance with the principles of
free government. He had provided in his prop-
ositions, that arms should be furnished by the
Government at its own expense.
Mr. G. said that the principle of the law which
exacts a service in time of one citizen, not re-
quired of another without compensation, rests
upon the foundation just mentioned. To indi-
viduals, it was of little consequence whether you
require of them a day'4 labor, or their earnings
for a day. It is alike a tax. With the militia it is
a tax, not imposed upon the community gener-
ally, but it falls usually upon that class or persons
least able to bear it. What reason Can be as-
signed why a man, under forty-five, of the same
wealth, should, pay a tax from which his neigh-
bor, who is a year older, is exempt? Why should
we make a man, who is able-bodied, pay a tax
from which a neighbor is exempt, because he has
some «light persona] defect, which may not pre-
vent him from constant labor? Mr. G. said he
could see no reason Why those who were for-
tunate enough to hold oficial stations, and those
who devoted themselves tó particular eleva ted call-
ings, should be exempt from taxes imposed on
-others in humble walks in life. They needed the
protection of the Government as nluchas others,
and should equally participate in the hardships
and expenses of defending it. There should be
no privileged orders. The laws should protect
all, and all should be required to aid in their sup-
port in the preservation of freedom.
The same rule which you apply toothers serv-
ing the public ought to be applied to those who
serve it as militia-men. Not an officer, from the
President to the least important town officer, goes
unrewarded for his services. Every one is paid
in proportion to the estimated value of his ser-
vices. May you not as well call upon those pub-
lic officers who Serve but a few days in a year in
civil duties, todo so for nothing, as to ask it in-
discriminately from those who are enrolled in the
militia? The injustice of this tax had been dis-
tinctly admitted by legislation in the State he had
the honor in part to represent. A small number
of the militia (non-commissioned officers) had
been exempted from a certain portion of,the State
tax, in consequence of the conceded and glaring
inequality of the tax imposed upon them. The
only reason why they are exempted /rom the
State tax {highway labor) is that they bear the
militia tax ia a greater degree than others.
The object designed to be obtained by the
establishment of our Federal Government ie stated
in the Constitution to be, " to form a mere per-
' feet Union, establish justice, insure domestic
' tranquillity, to provide for tbe-common defease,
' promote the general welfare, and secure the
'blessings of liberty." To accomplish these
purposes, the Constitution had given the General
Government certain powers, and he had net heard
a doubt expressed, but what it extended at far as
was necessary to sustain his propositions, Every
President anof every Congress since Washington s
time had sanctioned laws which could stand upon
no broader foundation than the principle he con-
tended for. Under a power in these words, " to
raise and support armies," during General Wash-
ington's administration, a school was establish-
ed at West Point, where young men were educa-
ted at the expense of the Government, so as to
develop and secure in the country military knowN
edge, a small portion of whom find their way into
the Army. There is certainly more reason for
disciplining and improving those whose services
are certain to be at the command of Government,
than in educating those who may or may not
form a part of the defense of the country. Under
the power " to provide and maintain a Navy,"
teachers were employed, and young men taught,
and he believed a school of instruction had often
been proposed by the Navy Department, if not
by Presidents. He was not, however, nware of
any being instructed who were not already in the
service of the country, and in this respect they
were on a footing with the militia. Every Con--
gress since its establishment, he believed, had
voted appropriations for West Point. While that
institution was sustained, be could not conceive
how the expense of ''organizing, arming, and
disciplining the militia," could be objected to. If
these words do not authorize the Government to
expend money, then he would inquire, i>y what
authority does Congress purchase and distribute
-books of instruction for militia officers, and upo*
what authority seats the act of the 23d of April,
1806, appropriating $200,000 annually, for the
purpose of " providing arms and military eqnir*-
ments for the whole body to the militiai" He
thought this law was an emphatic admission oa
the part of Congress that at least the burden of
purchasing arms ought not to be borne by the
militia who performed duty. The right to relieve
from one part of the tax must be as great as it is
in the other; and the duty of Congress to exercise
that right at a proper period seemed to him to be
equally imperative.
Mr. G. sard he sincerely hoped that Congress,
before the close of this session, would suspend
a portion of those -discussions, which seemed
to have little effect, except exhibit ebullitions of
political or personal feeling, and do an. act of
justice to the militia. Questions of order were of
far less consequence to the country than a well-
regulated and efficient system of public defense.
He wished to see the efforts of the militia at im-
provement as elevated as their deeds had been
.glorious at Plattsburg and New Orleans. He
hoped to see the time when this important arm
of the public defense should no longer be spoken
of with contempt and ridicule.
The law of 1808 was designed to he the means
of placing arms in the hands, or within the reach
of " the whole body of the militia el the United
States." Two purposes were had in view—to aid
in the public defense, and to relieve the people
from the burden of providing themselves with
arms. The manner of the distribution was left to
-be provided for by the State Legislatures. This
had been different in different States. In Ohio,
he had understood, the arms were kept in depos-
itories within certain districts, were used at train-
ings, and returned. This accords with the evi-
dent intention of the law of 1808, and met his
.hearty approval.
But why should we stop at this annual appro-
priation of $300,000 ? We are daily «eld of díte
calamities that are to fall upon and overwhelm
us, because we have so many Bullions in our
Treasury. May ndt this money very rightfully
and patriotically be used in furnishing the arms
and other means of defense for the country ? Was
there a more neble object than, peepariar to pre-
serve and perpetuate our liberties i, There a*
about One million five hundred thousand mriitw
enrolled in the United States, and among all these
the latest return  show bat about four hundred
thousand musket , and rifles, including^many
fowüng-piecea. It may be safely «sad that not
more than one hatfof these are fit for aotualses-
Tiee. The, number of brass cannon «two hun-
dred and ninety-nine; iron icanaon, three hundred
and forty-six. The latest retaros to the Adju-
tant General'  offiee show—in Michigan* ninety
eight musket , and seven hundred and thirty-two
riles; Missouri, seventy muskets, and one hun-
dred and fifty-seven rifles} the District of Colum-
bia, one hundred and forty-four muskets, and
sixty-six rifles; not a cannon m either, except
four in the latter. Illinois, Florida, and Arkan-
sas do not return any arms.   If these returns are
