238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.    Specie Currency—Mr. Grundy, Mr. Benton, Mr. Davis, Mr. Wright, etc.               Senate.
correct, (and he had no reason to doubt them,)
it showed most clearly the necessity of a speedy
application of the energies of the Government to
put the country in a better state of defense. He
had referred to these States and Territories in no
spirit of unkindness; on the contrary, he wished
to see the necessary steps taken to put them in a
better condition. His attention had been turned
toward those on the frontiers to ascertain their
condition and their ability to repress Indian hos-
tilities. There were men there, noble and brave
men; but he looked in vain for the weapons of
defense. He had looked in vain for that exhibi-
tion of strength and power which were likely to
deter and repress savage vindictiveness. The
weakness of these border States invite the toma-
hawk and scalping-knife. It sufficiently accounted
for the Black Hawk war and the present struggle
in Florida. These two wars alone will cost mil-
lions. Half of their expense properly used in
arming and disciplining the militia on those fron-
tiers would have prevented the effusion of blood
—would have secured the persons and property
of our fellow-citizens, and kept in awe those sav-
age hordes whose friendships so often changed
to hatred when the fear of chastisement no longer
restrains them.
Is it consistent with the honor and dignity of
this Government? is itcompatible with the lessons
of experience, to continue the present state of
things ? From these returns, it appears that only
about one fourth of the whole militia have arms.
It is true that there may be arms in several States
not returned; but whether that is so or not, he
could not ascertain. He could only look at what
had been returned by the officers whose duty it
was to make returns. The fault was not with
him, if he was in error. The Government is
now able, and let it move with spirit in this
matter.
To provide muskets and accouterments for the
present number of militia will cost over twenty-
two millions of dollars; it will cost those required
to perform duty that sum. The expenditure from
the public Treasury for the object and in the
manner he had proposed could not excite local
jealousies, nor prove a weapon in the hands of
politicians, with which to fight their battles for
power or place. Other propositions to use the
public revenue have been met with various, and
some of them by constitutional objections. Some
of them are calculated to increase local wealth and
build up the fortunes of individuals. History
proves, that in practice this increase generally
occurs in favor of those whose fortunes are pre-
viously large, as they are the principal actors in
controlling events. All cannot, in that way, share
equally in the benefits conferred; but by carry-
ing out his proposition, the benefits will be equally
diffused to all parts of the Union, and will reach i
that class who are the pillars of our prosperity '
and protection, in peace and war—those who resist '
the encroachments of powerTin whatever guise it '
may appear, and those who in person defend our
country and her cherished institutions. His plan
did not propose to increase the wealth of any,
but to relieve all from burdens. It held forth no
reward  to avarice or cupidity, but simply to pre-
pare manfully to defend and protect our common
country and her institutions in a constitutional
and equitable manner.
Let the means of defense be as ample, and the
burdens on the people be as light as possible.
Fortify where necessary; make the naval prepa-
rations demanded by our position in the world;
place all needful arms at proper points on the
frontiers and sea-board; give your young men
the proposed instructions, and insurrections will
cease to desolate our cities; savage barbarity will
cease to disturb the slumbers of our citizens, and
spread desolation and ruin among them; and for-
eign foes will never venture on our soil, or tram-
ple upon our rights. While we have power, and
exhibit it to the world, we shall command respect,
and our rights will not be invaded. If, from our
misjudged economy or parsimony, other nations
shall think lightly of our means of defense, and
our ability to command respect, we shall fail in
having our rights properly appreciated and re-
spected.
He hoped his propositions would find favor
with the House; and, at all events, he trusted
that this discussion would arouse its attention to
the subject, so as to insure speedy action in some
form. If any good should result from the agita-
tion of this question, he should feel amply com-
pensated for the little time he had been able to
devote to it. To his mind it was too important
a subject to remain unattended to, and would not
permit himself to doubt that the House would
give it a full share of attention.
SPECIE CURRENCY.
DEBATE IN THE  SENATE,
March 28, 1836.
The bill for the payment of the Revolutionary and other
Pensioners of the United States being under considera-
tion—
Mr. BENTON offered the following amend-
ment:
Sec___And be it further enacted, That no bank note of
less denomination than twenty dollars shall hereafter be
offered in payment in any case whatsoever, in which money
is to be paid by the United States or the Post Office Depart-
ment; nor shall any bank note, of anyother denomination,
be so offered, unless the same shall be payable and paid on
demand, in gold or silver coin, at the place where issued,
and which shall not be equivalent to specie at the place
where offered, and convertible into gold or silver upon the
spot, at the will of the holder, and without delay or loss to
him.
Mr. GRUNDY thought the word "instantly"
would perhaps answer as well as the words " on
the spot." He made no motion, but suggested
that the phraseology would be improved by it.
Mr. BENTON said this was a bill for the re-
lief of old soldiers, and he was inclined to adhere
to the word " spot." He wanted them to have
the gold standing in their tracks.
Mr. KNIGHT was in favor of substituting the
word " received" for the word " offered."
Mr. TALLMADGE thought it better to make
the amendment a distinct proposition from the
bill under consideration. He did not like to em-
barrass it with a matter on which there was evi-
dently a division of sentiment in the Senate, and
which would lead to discussion, and necessarily
delay the bill.
Mr. CLAYTON was opposed to putting riders
on the bill. To attach this amendment to it, the
bill might not get through.
Mr. BENTON thought this an appropriate
subject to attach the amendment to, and spoke
of the extent of mischief he had seen in shaving
bank notes in the hands of old soldiers; and, after
thus seeing it, he had so much anxiety about it,
that his feelings would not permit him to waive
the amendment he had offered, which was so
applicable to this and all other appropriation
bills.
After some remarks from Mr. NILES,
Mr. DAVIS said, all the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benton] expected to accomplish by
his amendment was, that the disbursing officers
I of the Government should be prohibited from
paying out bills under the denomination of twenty
dollars. Under this amendment the question
would arise whether the disbursing officers shall
disburse the money they shall receive. These
banks never disburse the notes they receive, but
their own notes. Any claimant of specie had the
J right to demand and receive it from these banks
] now; and if they did not pay out the money they
I received, he could not see the application of the
i remarks of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wright.] Mr. D. was not aware that the notes
of the United States Bank were depreciated. If
they were, then they ought not to be received or
paid out. He had said these banks were bound
' to pay specie. No individual had the power to
compel the Government to pay him specie. The
agents of the Government might offer him what
they pleased, and he lies entirely at their mercy;
he must receive what they offer or nothing. It
i was important to know the amount of notes in
circulation and the amount of specie in that bank.
1 If it had no specie to redeem its notes with, they
would find but few of them in circulation. If,
1 then, they could not be kept in circulation, he
did not see why the deposit banks should have
this privilege.
Mr. WRIGHT said the object of the mover of
the amendment, to restrain the excesses of the
present paper system of the country, and to infuse
into our circulation a greater propoition of gold
and silver, met his cordial and sincere approba-
tion. He had labored, and was willing to labor,
in that cause, with that powerful and worthy
leader; but he must say he was sorry that he had
felt it to be his duty to make the bill now before
the Senate the one upon which the principle of
his amendment was to be tried. He was sorry,
also, that the Senate was called upon to act upon
this proposition until another bill which was now
before the House, and which he soon hoped to
see here, should have been acted upon by this
body. He referred to the bill to repeal that pro-
vision in the charter of the Bank of the United
States which compelled all the receivers of money
due to the Government, for any consideration
whatsoever, to receive the bills of that bank.
The charter of the institution expired, by its own
limitation, on the fourth day of the present month,
but two years are allowed, by the charter, after
that day, to enable it to close its business; and a
question has arisen whether the clause of the
charter making its bills receivable for debts due
to the Government expired with the expiration
of the charter, or extended itself through the two
years given to close the concerns of the bank.
The head of the Treasury Department had applied
to Congress to solve the doubts by a repeal of that
section of the charter, and a bill had been under
the consideration of the House containing the
desired provision. But (Mr. W. asked) would
it be just to the deposit banks, or proper in itself,
to impose upon them this restriction, in paying
our appropriations, while we compel them, by an
express provision of law, to receive all the notes,
of all denominations, of a particular institution,
and that, too, after the charter of that institution
has expired, and which the measures taking by
those who have the management of its affairs,
are directly calculated to make the notes in circu-
lation of a less value than par at every point but
one in the whole country? He presumed his
honorable friend from Missouri [Col. Benton]
was not aware of the course of policy adopted
and adopting by the late Bank of the United
States, to continue the notes of that institution in
circulation throughout the country, and to press
them into the hands of the agents of the Govern-
ment, and consequently into the deposit banks,
by the force of this legal privilege extended to
those notes, to the exclusion of all other notes
of any bank in the country. It was his present
object to inform the Senate and the country as to
the policy pursuing in this matter; and to do so
he would read parts of a correspondence with the
Secretary of the Treasury, which had been put
into his hands as a member of the Committee on
Finance of the Senate, to show the necessity of
the speedy passage of the bill to which he had
referred.
The officer in charge of the deposit bank at
Boston wrote to the Secretary to know whether
he was considered legally bound to receive these
bills in payment of dues to the Government, after
the expiration of the charter of the bank. The
Secretary, in his answer, inquired of the officer
of the deposit bank how, and in what case, the
question could arise, and become important to the
institution under his charge; telling him he pre-
sumed the payments for duties then had been,
and would continue to be, made chiefly, if not
entirely, by checks on his own and the other
banks of the city. To that suggestion, the officer
replied as follows:   •
" Heretofore the branch bank in this city has redeemed
the bills of the United States Bank, drawn here by regular
course of business, consequently making them equal to the
city bank bills ; being therefore no difference in value, the
payments to Government have been made generally in
checks and bills of the city banks. But this bianeh of the
United States Bank now refuses to redeem any bills but of
their own issue, and, consequently, every other city bamc
refuses to receive them. This depreciates in value all tne
United States bills issued elsewhere, and they must be nego-
tiated by brokers, and purchased for the purpose ot paying
debts due the Government; the rate of exchange will proD-
ably cause them to be remitted from one citj to auotner,
when money is scarce, and to be placed in the hands ol the
