1836.1
APPÉNÍHX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
339
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
¿Specie Currency—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
bond payers, to whom they win be equal to specie, although
payable at a distant part of the country, and for all other
purposes of less value. It was to guard, it' possible, against
this probable contingency, that I addressed the Department.
« Respectfully,                   CHARLES HOOD,
" Cashier."
The letter from which this extract is taken
bears date " Commercial Bank, Boston, March
18,1836." Here, Mr. President, we see that notes
of this bank, not issued by the Boston branch,
but by distant branches, are finding their way
into the hands of the debtors of the Government
in that town, and through them into the deposit
bank there; while the other banks of that city
will not receive them at pax at their counters, and
the branch of the bank there will not redeem them.
Hence they constitute a depreciated currency ,and
still our agent is bound by law to take them at
par. Ought we, then, while our law imposes this
burden and loss upon the deposit banks, to add,
by our own voluntary act, the further restriction
Sreposed in the amendment under discussion ?
Ir. W. said he thought not. It seemed to him
enough that we were compelling the deposit banks
to receive a depreciated currency, and to account
to us for it at par, without prohibiting them from
making payments on our account in their own
notes, which are at par, of denominations similar
to the depreciated notes they are, by our law,
obliged to receive.
Bat (Mr. W. said) this is not all. The Secretary
of the Treasury, having obtained this information
as to the course pursuing in Boston to force these
notes upon the Government, made a call upon one
of the directors of the Bank of the United States,
appointed by the Government, for further inform-
ation as to the course taken by the late bank,
and by its successor, in reference to its notes in
circulation. The correspondence was very short,
and he would read it to the Senate. The follow-
ing is the letter of the Secretary:
TiKASoaY Department, More  33,1836.
Sir : I will thank you to inform me what disposition is
made of the bills of the Sank of the United Slates as they
are redeemed—are they kept on file or destroyed—or handed
over to the new bank, and by it reissued.' and also,to state
who an toe agents for the branches of the ola* bank; and
whether these agents have been directed to redeem all the
old bills or checks presented in the usual course of busi-
ness, or only those issued by the branch for which they
act?
I am. very respectfully, your obedient servant,
LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Htinrf Tolano, Esq., Philaielphia.
Mr. Toland's reply is in these words:
Philadelphia, Mmreh 25,1836.
Sim: In reply to your letter of the 23d instant, I beg leave
to inform yon that the circulation of the old Bank of the
united States is reissued by the new bank, and that no new
circulation under the present charter baa been prepared;
that nu one of its branches is considered as having any legal
existence after the 4th instant; and that all the notes of the
bank and us branches are considered as payable at the
bank in Philadelphia.
I am, very respectfully,             HENRY TOLAND.
Livi Woodbürt, Esq.,
Secretary of tie Traarary, lie.
Here (Mr. W. said) is the present condition of
things. We compel the deposit banks by law to
receive at par, in payment of debts due to us, the
notes of the late Bank of the United States, not-
withstanding its charter has actually expired,
and the institution no longer possesses banking
powers. By a regulation of the directors, all
those notes, no matter where issued, or by what
branch, are to be redeemed at Philadelphia, and
at no other place in the United States. This must
depreciate the value of the notes for all other pur-
poses but that of payments to the Government at
all points distant from Philadelphia. The deposit
banks receiving them must send them to Phil-
adelphia to be redeemed, or to convert them into
current funds. They do receive them, and do so
send them to the dead institution. Are they then
discharged from further expense, and trouble, and
loss on their account? No, sir; the correspond-
ence shows that another institution, to which this
Government is a stranger, immediately reissues
and returns to the place from whence they came,
these same notes, to be again paid into the deposit
banks as a depreciated currency, and again re-
turned to Philadelphia at their cost, that they
may exchange them for money.   Who does not
see that, by this process, these notes may forever
circulate as the legal currency of the Treasury,
and that they may be issued and diffused over
every foot of our territory, to be purchased up
by those who owe the Government, to the full
extent of all the payments to be made to it?
These notes, therefore, must constitute the de-
posits of the Government in the deposit banks,
and by the amendment proposed, we prohibit
their payment from those banks to the creditors
of the Government, and thus make them unavail-
able funds in their hands until they can be seat
to Philadelphia and their equivalent returned.
Of this (Mr. W. said) he did not complain, as
he did not wish that any creditor of the Govern-
ment should be compelled to receive in payment
of his demand depreciated paper. Indeed, as he
understood the law now to be, no creditor of the
Government was under obligation to receive any-
thing but gold and silver, and that the acceptance
of bank notes from the Government, in any case
where they were accepted, was the voluntary
act of the person receiving them. He must say,
however, that, until we ceased to compel the
State banks to receive this depreciated paper, he
could not believe that we ought to interdict them
from the circulation, in their capacity as agents
of the Government, of their own notes, which
are at par value, Unless those notes were of the
denomination of twenty dollars. If these notes
of the Bank of the United States were to be, in
this disadvantageous manner, but once redeemed
by the deposit banks, they might be able to sus-
tain themselves under the unreasonable burden;
but when it was seen, by the correspondence he
had read, that they were to be continued in cir-
culation—'that a single redemption was merely
furnishing to another institution additional means
for a reissue, he must express his apprehensions
that if, in addition to these burdens imposed,
other and important privileges were denied to
them or greatly restricted, they might be driven
to refuse their services to the Government, and
thus lay the foundation for a hew argument for
a recognition, and employment, if not a direct
charter, of this new and dangerous State bank
by Congress.
His apprehensions upon this subject were by
no means diminished by finding some of the most
zealous friends of the late Bank of the United
States advocating this amendment. These gen-
tlemen, so satisfied with the safety and superior
value of a paper currency, when that bank had
existence, and its notes constituted that currency,
had now become too sudden converts to the dan-
gers of bank paper, and too hastily attached to a
metallic circulation, to gain his confidence. What
were their reasons for this great change ? Did
they desire, in this way, to prove that their former
opinions as to one great bank were sound, and
that such an institution alone could transact the
public business, and preserve the currency ? Did
they wish to embarrass the deposit banks, at the
moment when alarms as to their solvency were
sounded from this Chamber? Did they hope
that such a course would compel the State banks
to surrender their agencies, aha thus produce a
necessity for another national bank? Or, had
they become converts to the true, sound, Demo-
cratic doctrine, that a metallic currency for circu-
lation among the people was the course of wisdom
and safety?
He impugned no man's motives, and he wpuld
hope the latter was the true solution of his in-
quiries. He knew that was the patriotic object
of the mover of the amendment, and he would go
with him in heart and by his vote as far as he
could believe that safety or prudence would per-
mit; but he did believe this amendment proposed
too rapid a change. We had gone to the extreme
in the paper circulation. We must retrace our
steps gradually, and with care and caution, if we
would avoid a convulsión dreadful in its effects,
and much more dreadful in its consequences. The
effects time might repair or efface, but the meas-
ures which might grow out of the agitations and
disasters might ingraft themselves too strongly
upon our institutions ever to be shaken off. Ex-
perience spoke to us upon this point in a voice
of warning which no one should disregard. Great
abuses, such as he believed a Bank of the United
States to be, always took their rise from public
distresses, and he feared too hasty changes in
our present currency would produce those dis-
tresses and their consequences.
Mr. W. said he wished the bill to which he
had referred might be acted upon here, before the
principle involved in the amendment should be
adopted._ He repeated, he would go as far as he
could think safety would permit, but he hoped
our progress would be gradual, that it might be
sure. If we could relieve the deposit banks from
the legal obligation of receiving the notes of the
late Bank of the United States, he thought we
then might safely make some advance towards
limiting them in their payments of their own
paper to the creditors of the Government; but
until that was done, he was sorry to be compelled
to act upon the proposition. [See reply to aft
inquiry by Mr. Davis, as to the amount of notes
of the Bank of the United States in circulation.]
Mr. W. said it was impossible for any person
not possessed of the books" and papers of the new
United States Bank, chartered by the State of
Pennsylvania, to answer that question. He spoke
from memory, and without confidence in his cor-
rectness, when he said he believed the last return
of the Bank of the United States to the Treasury
Department showed some twenty or more mií-
lions of their paper in circulation, but that was
no standard for the present time. The Senator
did not seem to have understood the purport of
the correspondence he had read. [Mr. W. here
again read the letter from Mr. Toland above
given.] From this letter the gentleman will see
that these notes, as they came in, are immediately
reissued by another institution. How, then, can
the question be answered as to the amount in
circulation ? And the answer to-day would be no
answer for to-morrow. He wished further to
state what he believed to be the fact, that since
the expiration of the charter on the 4th instant,
no returns of any description had been made to
the Treasury from the late bank, and it was to
be presumed the directors considered themselves
no longer bound to make the returns required by
•the charter. This (Mr. W. said) was the exist-
ing state of things, and gentlemen must see that
hundreds of millions of these notes might be
thrown over the country, but he feared they
could not so well tell what institution was to
redeem them.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that he entirely ap-
proved of the general principles, and the policy
upon which the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] was founded.
The country was now flooded with bank paper,
and it was certain there would soon be still greater
issues. The amount of bank notes now in cir-
culation, was greatly beyond any just proportion
to the specie in our banks; and from tne vast in-
crease of banking capital in the different States,
since the commencement of the present year, this
evil would for some time continue to increase.
The evils which resulted from the system to the
laboring man, to the manufacturer, and to all
classes of society, except speculators, were pal-
pable. He should not now attempt to portray
them. This he would undertake upon some future
occasion. He would merely observe that such a
system, conducted by banks, in this respect,
wholly irresponsible for their conduct, which, at
one time, could make money plenty, ana at
another time, could make money scarce—which,
at one moment, could nominally raise the price
of all property beyond its real value, and at the
next moment reduce it below that standard, must
be ruinous to the best interests of the people. It
was calculated to transfer the wealth and prop-
erty of the country from the honest, industrious,
ana unsuspecting classes of society, into the
hands of speculators, who knew when to pur-
chase and when to sell.
Mr. B. said that the ebb did not more neces-
sarily succeed the flow of the tide, than that we
must ere long have a severe pressure in the
money market. He did not think, then, that
this was a propitious moment to proceed at once
to the extent which the Senator from Missouri
had proposed.    The pressure must inevitably
