240
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.          Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Garland, of Virginia.
Ho. of Reps.
come, and he wished no portion of the responsi-
bility of producing it to rest upon Congress.
What (said Mr. B.) will be the effect of adopt-
ing this amendment? It is true that it does not
prohibit the Government from receiving bank
notes of a less denomination than twenty dollars,
but it is prohibited from offering in payment
notes of a less denomination. The inevitable con-
sequence will be, that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury must obtain specie from the banks for all the
notes received by the Government of a less de-
nomination than twenty dollars. The disbursing
officers of the Government must be furnished with
a much larger amount of gold and silver than is
at present required, for the purpose of paying our
Army and Navy and our other creditors. They
must pay all sums or balances of less than twenty
dollars in the precious metals. In order to pro-
tect themselves, the deposit banks would be com-
pelled to draw upon the debtor banks for specie;
and this operation would contribute to produce a
panic and a pressure. If the banks only were to
be affected by this process, he should care but
little for the consequences; but they would be
iibliged to demand payment from their debtors in
order to fortify themselves. The community
would thus be made to suffer.
Whilst he went with all his heart in favor of
the policy of restraining paper issues,and thereby
increasing the circulation of specie, so far as it
-could be done constitutionally by Congress, he
thought that the present situation of the country
required that we should proceed cautiously and
gradually in reaching the ultimate end which we
had in view. líe was willing, at present, to pro-
hibit the Government from offering in payment
notes of a less denomination than ten dollars,
with a distinct understanding that after another
year we should adopt twenty dollars as the stand-
ard. The banks would, in the mean time, have
an opportunity of preparing for this event with-
out distressing their customers. He would there-
fore move to strike ouf twenty "dollars from the
amendment,and insert" ten." This would secure
to our soldiers on the frontiers, and to our sailors,
a considerable proportion of their pay in specie;
and after another year we might proceed with
comparative safety to ths limit of twenty dollars.
Mr. BENTON said he would barely state that
he had drawn up a bill to establish the currency
of the country, and that was intended to cut the
Treasury loosefrom all thecurrency of the States;
but lie was satisfied that no bill of this kind could
be brought forward without creating some oppo-
sition. He had introduced this amendment as the
inception of a principle he hoped to see carried
out. Though the United States were receiving
all their revenues in depreciated paper, it would, i
.so far from stopping him, stimulate his exertions
to prevent the creditors of the Government from
being paid in such paper. He wished to be un-
derstood that this little amendment was only the
commencement, and he hoped, therefore, that it
would meet with no opposition. The arguments
of the gentleman from New York, so far from
inducing him to abandon his amendment, only
. stimulated him to exert himself for the suppres-
sion of those bills, which might be given to the
soldier in Arkansas, and be payable in Philadel-
phia, where he could not go to get them exchanged,
tut must take what the sutler chose to give him
for them. He knew that many, notes of these
deposit banks might be paid out to the soldier, or
laborer, who would have to exchange them at a
loss. What would the notes of this Metropolis
Bank be worth to the soldiers on the confines of
.Missouri/ They .know nothing about them—
they cannot keep them, and must take whatever
they can get for them. He was sorry that his
frieuds differed with him as to the value of this
initiatory .measure, which he prizedso highly that
he might almost say his whole soul was staked
on it.
Mr. BUCHANAN-said that if the gentleman
would agree to take his first step at ten dollars,
and leave all the rest of the resolution as it stood,
the poor soldier .and laborer would still have the
benefit of it. He would suggest to the gentle-
man to amend the amendment by inserting ton
inatead of twenty dollara.
Mr. BENTON observed that gentlemen seemed
to act as if they were legislating for the States,
and not for the United States. We are only say-
ing (said Mr. B.) that certain notes shall not be
paid out, not that we will not receive them. He
wished to put the mark of the Government, in
relation to bank notes, at twenty dollars; and he
was confident, if this was done, that the people
of the States would soon come up to it. He was
sorry that his friends could not go with him; but
he viewed the subject as one of such importance,
that he could not relinquish the amendment on
which his heart was set.
After some remarks from Messrs. WRIGHT
and DAVIS, the further consideration of the sub-
ject was postponed, and the Senate adjourned.
N. B. The amendment on which the above discussion
took place, has since been adopted in the Senate as modi-
fled by Mr. Niles ; the debate on which was given in the
proceedings of the 6th instant.—Repórter.
; NAVY  APPROPRIATION  BILL — MARITIME DE-
FENSES.
|   SPEECH OF HON. J. GARLAND,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House op Representatives,
I                             April 1, 1836.
i The motion of Mr. Bell, of Tennessee, in the Committee
\    of the Whole, to strike from the Navy appropriation bill
j     the appropriation of $67,000 for the repairs and improve-
ments of the Navy yard, at Portsmouth, New Hampshire,
being under consideration ; Mr. Bell having concluded
his remarks—
Mr. GARLAND rose, and addressed the com-
miitee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: The motion now under consid-
eration, embracing simply the question whether
the navy-yard at Portsmouth should be discon-
tinued or repaired and improved, could of itself
involve no important question, either of principle
or expediency, and so far as this simple proposi-
tion is concerned, the discussion might long since
have been closed;'but instead of confining the
discussion to the question really involved in the
motion to strike out, there has been connected I
with it, in the able and eloquent discussions of
the honorable gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Thompson,] the honorable gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Evans,] and the honorable gentle- i
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] the propriety
and expediency of adopting at this time a system
of defense by fortifications, the increase and im-
provement of the Navy, and a review—partic-
ularly by the latter gentleman—of the course and
' policy of the existing Administration, a scope of
discussion certainly not legitimately growing out
of the question before the committee.
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee, in '
his introductory remarks, contended that it was
proper that the general course and practices of
the Government should be frequently and freely
discussed in this House, in order that the people
mio-ht be informed, and that he deemed this a
proper and suitable occasion to discuss the merits
of the present Administration, as it was probable
no occasion more suitable would offer during the
present session.     Whenever a  subject is  pre-
sented to the consideration of this House, involv-
ing a question of constitutional power or of ex-
pediency, I admit it is legitimate and proper to
¡ review the. course and practice-of the Govern-
! ment, under each and every Administration, so
far as that course and practice applies to the sin- ,
gle subject under consideration; but I uttefiy deny
that it is expedient or proper, upon a single iso-
lated subject, to take such a range of discussion,
embracing so many topics of deep and pervading
interest; for if it be proper or expedient to do so
|in relation to one subject, it is equally so in rela-
tion to another; and thus, upon .every subject
which can be proposed, there would be an iliim-
'itable range of debate; and this body would as-
semble for no other purpose than to prosecute
■ discussions affecting presidential elections.     It
^must  be readily perceived  by every gentleman
present, that this mode of discussion can have no
"oilier bearing than to affect presidential elections,
as it ohviously is intended to affect the coming
election, and that the principal business of the
body will be to make and unmake Presidents.
Mr. Chairman, to the propriety of all and every
discussion having reference to the election of Pres-
ident and Vice President, I utterly object; this is
no part of the duty assigned us by the Constitu-
tion. The Constitution assigns to Congress duties
of purely a legislative character. It does not
authorize us to concern with the presidential elec-
tions, except in cases where the people have
themselves failed to make a choice, and it is even
doubted by many whether this contingent power
should not be taken from the House of Repre-
sentatives; indeed, propositions, time after time,
have been made, and one is now before this
House for that purpose. There is no man here,
I presume, whose experience has not taught him
that the subject of a presidential election is the
most agitating and exciting political topic which
can occupy the attention of the people or of this
body. It never fails to produce that degree of
excitement which puts into full play the strongest
passions of our nature, and disqualifies the mind
for that sober, rational, and deliberate investiga-
tion necessary to conduct the mind to truth, and
the judgment to sound conclusions. Congress
being charged by the Constitution with the im-
portant duties of legislation for this great and
growing Republic, itisall important thatharmony
and good feeling should prevail in its delibera-
tions; that it should examine, with sound reflec-
tion and mature deliberation, all measures which
come under its consideration; and, in their adop-
tion, look to the fundamental principles of the
Constitution for their guide, and the power, hap-
piness, and prosperity of the people for their end.
If, however, the propriety of introducing the
exciting subject into this House, to which I have
referred, be established, this subject will become
the polar star of all our actions here, without re-
gard to the effect of our measures upon the prin-
ciples of free Government, or the wealth, happi-
ness, liberty, and prosperity, of the people. The
minds of members, from the excitement always
attending discussions of this character, will, by
their prejudices and prepossessions, become to-
tally disqualified for sound and wholesome legis-
lation; for the truth of which I appeal to the
experience which we have already had. If the
principle and example of the gentleman from
Tennessee be carried into practice, I think the
honorable gentleman ought not to complain of the
delays of this House.
I, for one, Mr. Chairman, am determined to
discard, as far as I can, every consideration upon
legislative questions of a mere partisan character,
but look to the fundamental principles of the Con-
stitution as my guide, and the good of my country
as the end in all my actions, while I have the honor
of a seat upon this floor. I never will consent to
lower the standard of the Constitution to promote
the views or secure the dominancy of any party.
The party with which I act, and which I sustain,
must come up to that standard of constitutional
construction which I regard as fundamental, or
I must part with it. Entertaining these views, I
should not have deemed it necessary to have made
a single remark upon the subject now before the
House,butthegentlementowhoml have referred,
particularly the gentleman from Tennessee, have
thought otherwise, and have brought into view
the whole subject of fortifications, increase and
improvement of the Navy, and the course and
practice of the present Administration, attempting
to show that the Administration had departed
from the principles upon which it came into power,
and that its practices are corrupt and anti-repub-
lican. I should not now, Mr. Speaker, have
undertaken to address the House, had not the
honorable gentleman from Tennessee made such
frequent allusions to the Virginia delegation sus-
taining the Administration, but should have left
the'task to some other friend of the Administra-
tion whose superior abilities and greater experi-
ence better qualified him for the task of defending
the principles and policy of the Administration
which have been assailed, and which I, in the
main, approve and am prepared cordially to sus-
tain, as far as my humble abilities will permit,
than myself.
