1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
84th Co o*...1st Sess.           Navy Appropriation BM-rMr. Garland, of Virginia.
Ho, or Reps.
The first question which presents itself for con-
sideration growing out of the extensive range of
this debate, is the propriety of a system of defense
tyfírtifuxtionsandincrtaseofiluNcny. Incoming
to a conclusion upon this question, it should be
borne m mind that oar institutions being demo- i
eratic and essentially pacific, all the wars in
which we may unhappily be engaged will be prin- |
«pally of a defensive character; our system, hap-
pily, is totally inadequate to the successful pros-
ecution of offensive foreign wars,while it is entirely
adequate for all the purposes of successful defense.
Large standing armies and numerous fleets,
always in commission, are incompatible with the
tenuis of our institutions and the security of our
bertiee; hence they cannot ba employed; they
are only essential to the prosecution of offensive
foreign war. The militia, composed of the great
body of the yeomanry of the country, is the only
sale reliance for the defense of the nation against
invasion by hostile, armies, compatible with the
principles of free government, and should be em-
ployed in the,moeteflicient mannerpossihh?; being
composed of the same materials, apd with the
ame discipline, would be as efficient as regular
troops; yet from the nature of the militia system,
men called out on short service, acting together
for the first time, having scarcely the first rudi-
ments of .military discipline, could not be relied
■pon ia a regalar field conflict with welt-organized,
well-disciplined troops, of which an invading army
would in all probability be composed; disaster
and defeat would be the inevitable result; but
protected by -strong fortifications, in which so
much discipline and experience would not be ne- i
cessary to successful resistance, they would make
up in reliance upon the security which such de-
fenses afford, what they would lose by the want
of discipline in, the field. This truth ha  been
most-decisively tested by. experience. In the.
brilliant defense of New Orleans during the late
war, in which the citizens' of Kentucky and, the
countrymen of the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee bore such a conspicuous part—a de-
fense in which about three thousand men, resisted
and put to flight About fourteen thousand of the
flower of the British army, before whose victo-
rious standard the proud eagles of Napoleon him-
self had crouched—this system was well tested.
Who doubts that if the battle had been fought in
the open field, that from want of discipline our
et militia would have been defeated, and
Orleans captured and plundered? Many
examples might be cited, such as Plattsburg and
Fort Erie; but it is unnecessary to detain the
committee with the recital. I will here cite an ex-
tract from the report of the Board of Engineers,
at the head of wluch-was General Bernard,made
on the 25th of February, during ^he late Admin-
istration, and approved by the then Secretary at
War, who is a southern man, in support of the
system of national defense now proposed- It is
as follows:
"Fortificationsmust close all important har-
' bars against an enemy, and secure them to our
* military and commercial marine. 2<L Mustde-
« prive an enemy o( aB strong positions, where,
' protected by naval superiority, he might fix per-
' roanent quarters in our territory, maintain him-
' self during the war, and keep the whole frontier
'in perpetual alarm. 3d. Must cover the great
'cities from attack. 4th, Must prevengas far
'as practicable,, the great avenues of interior nav-
' igation from being blockaded at their entrance
into the ocean. 5th. Must cover the coastwise
'and interior navigation, igiylosing tbr harbors
«and the several inlets frpmwe sea, which inter-
' sect the lines of communication, an4 thereby
' further aid the Navy in protecting the navigation
•of the country. And, 6ui.'Must protect the great
'navaJ establishments,"
" The Atoy must be provided with suitable es-
' tablishments for construction and repair, sta-
' tions, harborsof rendezvous, and ports of refuge
'—«11 secured by fortifications, defended by reg-
' «Jar troops and militia, and supplied with men
'and materials by the lines of intercommunication.
' Being the only species of offensive force com-
'patible with our political institutions, it wi!|
'then be prepared to act the great part which its
' early achievements have promised, and to which
'its high destiny will lead."
No. 16                                      .
"Fortifications must close all important harbors
against an enemy, and secure them to our mili-
tary and commercial marine. 2d. Must deprive
an enemy of all strong positions, where, pro-
tected by naval superiority, he might fix perma-
nent quarters in our territory, maintain himself
during the war, and keep the whole frontier in
perpetual alarm. 3d. Must cover the great
cities from attack. 4th. Must prevent, as far
as practicable, the great avenues of interior nav-
igation from being blockaded at their entrance
into the ocean. _ 5th. Must cover the coastwise
and interior navigation by closing the harbors
and the several inlets from the sea, which inter-
sect the lines of communication, and thereby
further aid the navy in protecting the navigation
of the country. And, 6th. Must protect the great
naval establishments."
" If our Navy be inferior to that of theenemy,
it can afford, of course, unaided by fortifications,
but a feeble resistance—single snips being as-
sailed by whole fleets; if it be equal or superior,
having numerous points along an extended
frontier to protect, and being unable to concen-
trate, because ignorant of the selected point of
attack, every point must be simultaneously
guarded; our separate squadrons may therefore
be captured in detail, by the concentrated fleet
of the attacking power. If we attempt to con-
centrate under an idea that a favorite object of
the enemy is foreseen, he will not fail to push
his forces upon the places thus left without pro-
tection. This mode of defense is liable to the
further objections of being exposed to fatal dis-
asters, although not engaged with an enemy;
and of leaving the issue of conflicts often to be
determined by accident, in spite of all the efforts
of courage and skill. If it were attempted to
improve upon this mode, by adding temporary
batteries and field works, it would be found
that, besides being weak and inadequate from
their nature, the most suitable positions for
these works must often be neglected under a
necessary condition of the plan, that the ships
themselves be defended; otherwise, they must
either take no part in the contest, or be destroyed
by the superior adversary.
" We pass over the great comparative expense
of such a mode of defense, rendered clearly
apparent by a little reflection, with these brief
remarks, viz:, that the defensive expenditures
by this system will, in the first instance, greatly
exceed the offensive; and that these defenses
being perishable in their nature, will require
frequent renewal and repairs.
" The proper fortification of the coast prevent-
ing the possibility of a blockade so strict as not
to offer frequent opportunities for our vessels to
leave the harbors, the navy, no longer needed
for passive defense, will move_ out_ upon its
proper theatre of action, though inferior to the
enemy, with confidence; knowing that, whether
victorious, whether suffering under the violence
of tempests, or whether endangered by the
vicinity or the pursuit of a superior force, they
can strike the extended coast of their country
(avoiding the harbors and the important out-
lets of the country were alone a blockading force
may be supposed to lie) at numerous points
where succor and protection await them. Hov-
ering  around the flanks and rear of blockading
fleeter and recapturing their prizes; falling upon
portions of these fleets, separated for minor ob-
jects,or by stress of weather; watchingthe move-
ments of convoys, to capture straggling vessels;
breaking up or restraining the eaelny's com-
merce in distant seas; meeting by concert, at
distant points  and falling in mass upon his
smaller squadrons, or upon hi4 colonial posses-
sions, ana even levying contributions in the un-
protected ports; blockading, for a time, the nar-
row seas, and harassing the coasting commerce
of the enemy's home—these are objects which
our own history shows may be accomplished,
although contending against a nation whose
marine has never been paralleled as to forcé and
efficiency, with a navy apparently, as to num-
bers, insignificant. Our own history shows,
besides, that the reason why our infant navy
did not accomplish still more, was, that the
enemy, being able to occupy unfortified harbors,
was enabled to enforce a blockade ao strict as to
* confine a portion within our waters. That this
' portion—indeed that all—was not captured, is to
' be attributed solely to a respect (so misplaced
' that could only have been the fruit of ignorance)
' for then the existing fortifications; a result, not-
' withstanding, amply compensating the nation
' for the cost of these works.
" It is truly an axiom in military science, and
' one fully illustrated by military history, that
' the worst mode of waging war, although strictly
«defensive, is to allow its field of action to be
'within the borders,and that the best is that
' which most frequently assumes an offensive at-
' itude. In our case, war can only be excluded
«from our territory by fortifications; and we can
' only assume the offensive through our Navy.
«The construction of the former secures the means
' of creating, equipping, and repairing the latter,
' and leaves it unencumbered with duties which
' it imperfectly performs, to the full exercise of
* its important and appropriate functions."
In the principles of the above extract I fully
concur, and am confident it will forcibly strike
the attention of every member in his deliberations
upon this subject. A system of defense by for-
tifications has been recommended by almost every
Administration since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, and by some most zealously pressed.
General Washington, in his annual message to
Congress of 1790, made the following strong rec-
ommendation: "Among the most interesting ob-
* jects which will engage your attention, that of
' providing/or the common defense will merit par-
' ticular regard. To be preparedfor war is one of
'the most effectual means of preserving peace."
Again, in his message of 1791, he says that " In
' connection with this (arming the mifitia) the es-
' tablishment of competent magazines ahd arse-
' nals, and the fortification of such places as are
' peculiarly important and vulnerable, naturally
' present themselves for consideration. The safety
' of the United States, under Divine protection,
' ought to rest on the basis of systematic and solid
' arrangement; exposed as little as possible to the
' hazard of fortuitous circumstances."
Again, in 1793, General Washington, whose
solicitude for the safety and security of his coun-
try was in constant action, urged upon Congress
the necessity of adopting a complete system of
defense, in the following patriotic and energetic
terms: "I cannot recommend to your notice
' measures for the fulfillment of our duties to the
' rest of the world, without again pressing upon
' you the necessity of placing ourselves in a con-
' dition of complete defense, and of exacting from
' them the fulfillment of their duties towards us. The
' United States ought not to indulge a persuasion
' that, contrary to the order of human events, they
' will forever keep at a distance those painful ap-
' peals to arms with which the history of everjr
' other nation abounds. There is a rank due to
' the United States among nations which will be
' withheld, if not entirely lost, by the reputation
'of weakness, If we desire to avoid insult, we
' must be able torepel it; if me desire to sekwe peace,
' it must be known that we are at alt times ready
'for war." In the session following, a com-
mittee of the House of Representatives made a
report, recommending that our whole maritime
coast, from Maine to Georgia, be put in á state
of defense, accompanied with a statement from
General Knox, to the the  SeCretaMr of War. of
the number and kuxds ofVotfei wWch wrfuld be
ñpcessary for the1 different' pdrtrand harto *
This recommendation embraced almost every
point of defense now recommended, for m fac%
the recommendation of the present War Depart-
♦This report lad to an act of Congress, autboririgí fortüV
catiote ÚTteerected at the poI w deaigaated, aa<l to in
(hese word*:
«•Tluttl
"•rust th« foHowiftf port* «4 barton fee «neniad «ndei
fee«liweuiwof tt ftre«deiw<*f tteUaitBd Btate ,«da 
such tune or «taea aa be «hall jHdge necessary,  wits
of New WpteMre; tHottéeater, Balein, MarWeliMd, «d
Rnaton ia the State of Massachusetts! Newport, in the
S^Seof Bhod« Iatand; New London, nvtfe.State of Con-
necticut; New York; PhúadeliS ; ^unungton, m lbf
StSeOf Delaware; Baltimore, in ffl* Stóte * faytand;
(Annapolis, by supplementary acr,) Norfolk and Aleian-
dVtoTui the Btm*2f Virginia; Cape Fear river, and Ocro-
cock Inlet, ia the State ol North Carolina; Charleston and
Georgetown, in the State of South Carolina; and Savannah
and St. Mary*, in the Slate of Georgia. 
