1836.]
¿PPpíDÍX TO TUP CONGHESSIONAJL GLOBE.
345
24th Coko....1st Sess.           Navy Appropriation Bfflrr-Mr. Garland, of Virginia.
Ho. or Reps.
rear 1836, $356,000. If to this we add #146,690, deemed
necessary, as before stated, for deepening the bar, it will
«mount, in the whole, to $502,690.
It is believed that, tor this sum, the harbor of Pensacola
nay be rendered a safe and commodious station for the
purposes of our Navy, and a convenient place for building
and repairing our vessels of war.
The construction of a dry-dock, each as we have at Nor-
folk and Boston, and such as it is proposed to build at New
York, and which would cost nearly $1,000,000, cannot be
considered as necessary at Pensacola, until the channel
over the bar shall be deepened, even if it should be deemed
expedient to build a fourth dry-dock upon the larsest scale.
Ia the meaa tune, an hydraulic dock, such as is now in
successful operation at New York, and which it is believed
may be constructed in the course of a year, and at the ex-
pense mentioned in the estimate, would be highly useful,
as this kind of dry-dock answers perfectly well for all vet-
ads under the use of a frigate.
The estimate of #150,000 for wharves and appendages ia
made without the knowledge necessary for an accurate de-
tailed statement of the items of expanse. It is hoped,
however, that, in the course of a few months, a careful el-
imination may be bad of this station by competent officers,
whose report upon the same will afford all the information
wanted; but it is confidently believed that the full amount
estimated will be required for the objects stated. I am not
aware that there is any information ia this Department
upon the subject of your letter which has not been com-
municated to the House of Representatives.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. DICKSBSON.
Hon. L. J*avts,
Cimtrwum Aoooi Committee, Home ef Representativa.
So there are #592,690, instead of #342,000, es-
timated by the gentleman from South Carolina.
(The gentleman from South Carolina here tells
me that the additional estimate was not in the
annual report, and had not been laid before Con-
gress until after be delivered his speech. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
states that it was in, and laid on each member's
table long before.) I haje no doubt both gentle-
men are right in their#ecoUecüon, and th^t the
additional estimate ha¿escaped the attention of
my friend from South Carolina. ■ I only use the
fact to prove that the Department had not, from
considerations of favoritism, or any other, neg-
lected its duty to the Sooth; for ia relation to
both these points of Charleston and Pensacola,
the Executive has been employing all the means
placed in his hands by Congress in ascertaining
die practicability of constructing navy-yards at
both these points, and has in several annual re-
ports strongly recommended them to the consid-
eration of Congress. Here, Mr. Chairman, I
must correct a misapprehension of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.] He says that the
late Secretary of the Navy (now the Secretary
of the Treasury) made a tour of inspection to the
South with a view of informing himself as to the
necessity and practicability of establishing, par-
ticularly at Pensacola, an extensive navy-yard,
and that after his return he had not heard of any
recommendation from him favorable to it. It is
true that the Secretary did make such a tour, but
the gentleman is entirely mistaken as to the fact
that he made no favorable report. The Secretary
not only made a report favorable to the scheme,
bat strongly urged its adoption on Congress. I
refer to the document from the Navy Department
accompanying the President's annual .message of
December, 1833.
In addition, to these facte, in the recommenda-
tion and estimates of works of defense, #5,000,000
are recommended to be appropriated to the de-
fenses of Florida alone.
Our navy-yards were located and constructed
before the purchase of Florida, and no new pne,
except at Pensacola, I believe, has been con-
structed since. Upon the whole of this branch of
the subject, I would ask,if this inequality exists,
- how is it that it has been produced by southern
statesmen? Thirty-nine out of forty-«even years
southern men have administered the executive
department of the Government, some of them
always in the Cabinet. A distinguished son of
South Carolina administered the War Department
for eight years, who did much to recommend the
system or defense now proposed to the favorable
consideration of the nation. Why is it that so
much of neglect to the South has marked the ad-
ministration of southern men? Why is it that
southern representatives have neglected to pre-
sent the claims of the South upon Congress?
When and where was it, that appropriations for
defenses have been asked and refused to the
South, which were not in like manner asked and
refused to the North ? This charge of neglect,
Mr. Chairman, if true, lies at the door of southern
men, and I leave them to answer it. The table of
appropriation for defenses heretofore referred to,
I think clearly proves that the South has had her
full share of the protection of the Government.
I come now, Mr. Chairman, to consider the ob-
jections which have been urged to the system of
national defense now under consideration, and
which are apart from the intrinsic merits of the
subject itself; and
1. It is objected thmt, if the proposed system is car-
ried into execution, it will ¡argely increase the peace
establishment of the army. The establishment of
these defenses will not require the addition of a
single company to the present army establish-
ment. An estimate has been made of the force
necessary to be employed in keeping andjpreserv-
ing the fortifications, if all proposed shall Decon-
structed, which will be about three thousand one
hundred and eighty men. An estimate of the
Inspector General makes the force necessary
about             ; so that, from either statement, no
addition on account of these works will be neces-
sary. If any_ addition shall be found necessary
to our army, it will grow out of the concentra-
tion oí so many restless Indian tribes on the Mis-
souri and Arkansas frontiers, who can bring into
the field twenty thousand warriors, and the civil
war raging between Mexico and Texas, demand-
ing * force on the Texan frontier of sufficient
strength to enforce our neutrality and preserve
our peace.
2. It is urged by the gentleman from Kentucky,
ÍMr. AílanJ and the gentleman from South Caro-
ina, [Mr. Thompson,] that the adoption of this
system will prevent the distribution of the public lands
and the surplus revenue. This objection involves
the consideration of two very serious and import-
ant questions in both their aspects of constitu-
tionality and expediency, "each of them, in all its
bearings, affording subject-matters of sufficient
magnitude for a long argument. I do not design,
.upon the present occasion, to do more than glance
at them. If I were to do otherwise, I should
unnecessarily detain the committee, as both these
subjects will be open for discussion when they
comeupdirectly for consideration. The bill for
the distribution of the public lands originated in
the Senate, under the patronage of a distinguished
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clat.] It pro-
poses, in substance, a distribution of the proceeds
of the public lands among all the States, accord-
ing to the ratio of representation, for purposes of
"internal improvement" and " education." All
I the public lands east of the Mississippi were ceded
i to the United States by the several States, mostly
by Virginia. The cession by Virginia was an
act of magnanimity, generosity, liberality, and
devotion to liberty, unparalleled in the annals, of
history. She stripped herself of dominion, power,
and wealth, for the sake of liberty and the security
of free institutions. This cession embraced the
nowereat and flourishing States of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois, and the Territory of Michigan. In
the act of cession, however, she entered into cer-
tain stipulations with the Government for the
disposition and proceeds of these lands, the ful-
fillment of which she has a right to demand, and
will insist upon. The Virginia deed of cession
was executed on the 1st day of March, 1784,
and contains the following condition:
" That all the lands within the territory so ceded to the
United States and not reserved for, or appropriated to, any
of the before-mentioned purposes, or disposed of in boun-
ties to the officers and soldiers of the American Army, shall
be considered as a common fund for the vie and benefit of
tuch of the united Slate  at have become or ¡kail become
members of the confederation or federal alliance of the said
States, Virginia inclusive, according to their usual respective
proportions in the general charge and expenditure, and shell
be faithfully and bona fide disposed of for that purpose, and
for no other use or jntrpow whatever."
When it is recollected that this cession was
made previous to the adoption of the Constitution,
that it was made when the Confederacy owed a
heavy debt incurred during the revolutionary war,
and that this debt, as well as the current expenses
of the Federal Government, was made, not by a
system of taxation, but by direct requisitions
upon the State Governments in fixed proportions,
the manifest intention of the condition which I
have read cannot be mistaken or misunderstood.
It was intended as a common fund, to pay a com-
mon debt, incurred in a common cause, and when
that should be done, to lessen the requisitions
upon the States for the annual support of the
Federal Government. The sales of these lands
were intended to supply the revenue which would
otherwise have to be raised by taxation.
The adoption of the Constitution did not dis-
charge the obligations of the condition in the act
of cession, or authorize the diversion of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands to any other purpose
whatever than that specified. The clause of the
Constitution giving power to the Federal Gov-
ernment to regulate and dispose of the public
domain, reads thus: "The Congress shall have
' power to dispose of, and make all needful rules
' and regulations respecting the territory or other
' property belonging to the United States, and
' nothing in. this Constitution shall be so construed as
' to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of
'any particular State." If this clause of the Con-
stitution could without the reservation have been
construed into an abandonment of the condition
in the act of cession, the reservation retains the
force of the obligations in its full effect, so that
the obligation cannot be avoided without a flag-
rant breach of faith. In the proposed plan of
distribution fifteen per cent, is allowed to the new
States, over and above what would be their equal
proportion upon the plan of equal distribution—
the result of which is, that Virginia would lose
#410,104, all the old States would lose #4,096,346.
The table attached to the next page will exhibit
the whole operation.
This inequality, in express violation of the
compact, and of every principle of justice in re-
lation to any óf the public lanas, is, in my humble
opinion, fatal to the pretensions of the Senate's
bill, if either justice or good faith is to prevail.
Another palpable inequality in regard, to all the
southern States, and especiallyVirginia, is covert-
ly couched in the provision of the Senate's bill
which directs the distribution according to what
is called federal numbers. The constitutional com-
promise allowing the slaveholding States only
three-fifths of the slave population in the estimate
adjusting the representative ratio among the
States, I will not complain of. It may have been
right to give this preference to free over slave la-
bor in estimating the moral worth and adjusting
the weight to be given to the suffrages of different
sections of the Union. But when the question
becomes one of money, of a division of the pro-
ceeds of the public domain, a very different con-
sideration should enter into the calculation. It
is known that slave labor is not so productive as
free labor—it is the inevitable-consequence that
the population, and strength, and wealth of the
southern States suffer a relative diminution in re-
gard to the other States from this very cause.
Is it not monstrous, then, that while slave labor
tends to this result, making the wants of the
southern States greater and their means less than
their more opulent and powerful neighbors, an
argument should be drawn from it to give tbem
two-fifths less of the proceeds drawn from the
public domain in right of their laboring popula-
tion, than the northern States would obtain in
virtue of the same class within their limits? And
how much more outrageous is this scale of dis-
tribution, whereby almost two thirds of the in-
come of the public lands would be monopolized
by the North, when it is considered that almost
the whole of the great domain was generously
relinquished hy Virginia for the common benefit of
the whole Union ? In the proposed division, al-
though she gave up all, she would get but half
the portion of New York, that gave up nothing.
In addition to this objection, I regard the pro-
posed seheme as at war with the principles of
the Constitution, unless indeed the worn-out and
long-ago-refuted federal doctrine, that the " gen-
eral welfare" phrase in the Constitution confers
in itself an independent power, unrestricted and
uncontrolled by the defined limited powers of the
instrument, is to be exercised in the sound dis-
cretion of Congress—a discretion which the Con-
stitution was designed to restrict and control.
The Constitution authorizes Congress to raise
revenue for national purposes only; for common
defense and general ««(for*. It was never designed
