246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
24th Cong.... 1st Sb.ss.
Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Garland, of Virginia.
Ho. of Reps.
to mukt tin' T( deial Government the grand res-
ervoir of bound's and largesses to the separate
States or to ii,di\ ¡duals; nor was this system of
rii-tnlnition ovi r d^i^iied to be placed in the
hands of the FederalGovernment. It is certainly
not to be found m the excess grant of powers,
but is, if to be found at all, by inference or
implication.
Statement shoving the dividend of eac\ State (according to
lis Federal populn'-jn) of the proceeds of the Pub* L Lands,
«í«rtn¡; the t/rT-s 1P.W. ISM. and 1835, after deducting from
the amount fifteen per ten*, previously allowed to the sevtn
nttv State*.'                                                                >
: • : : • : • : • : ==: : : -?: : s-22^:

33 3D
^^Ip^^xlo'ín'cD'Q'^i'bi'co^ ©"loin ca*a^—'rfh-cs'oi.
^•UU(pQDaUH- ^p^ ^t4CiViQ9{ OffiU
w        ^    ?a
5a*-«3 O* t3 -JCTO-400 Vi Í4^íOCX>C0i-i íkWOT00WW«
ol  o-a 50 <oa 
tó^líOj-Jo -J -J '
25 £ 3S So —i ce o
1
■a *J
§5
>*•<-  EC
ÍJtr
>£   S
!=3>
33
'.oVl ";„ ^ w, — v
■ - '   „«*   «
- 3J to to tn ©- Cs
S o B"
Es
(2^1 — OÍOO — C3CiO^*C1-5iilCb — ÍD
•^ 91 *— a ao .** o  ao w .t.to -n o a> Mi c¿i «©
& <o <x ct t5
3-
g.2 ^
PÍO
?B2
q 3 • 
m a o
fif
-? - s
"    B*CT>
3
Note —The three n ht hand eolnmns-of figures toe added
by Mr. Hilx to the table of Mr. Clay.
This bill limit  the appropriation by the States
to purposes of internal improvement and public
education.   This is a direct appropriation of the
means of the Federal Government to works of
internal improvement of a local  character and
public education, reserving to the States only the
right to determine to what subjects the appropria-
tion shall be made.   The public lands are public
property, and, when sold, the proceeds become
public money.    I cannot perceive in the Consti-
tution a distinction between public money derived
from duties on foreign importations,'direct taxa-
" tion, or the sales of public lands'; nor do I per-
' ceive that the Constitution gives any authority
to apply the public money derived from the one
" source to subjects which it prohibits to the other;
the powers granted may be exercised by the ap-
propriation of money drawn from either source,
so the powers restricted cannot be exercised by
" the employment of public funds derived either
from the one source or the other.   The restric-
tion was to prevent Congress from exercising the
forbidden powers, without regard to the source
' from whenee the mean's were to be derived.   It
vHrw not intended to authorize Congress to act
upon these subjects at all.   Among the subjects
I over which Congress has no power (in my opin-
ion) are the subjects of internal improvement and
, public education in the States.    If they have not,
1 then this bill is unconstitutional, appropriating
the public money to purposes over which the
Federal Government has no power. I know that
there is much diversity of opinion upon this sub-
ject.    I only speak my own views and that of
my State.
The distribution of the surplus revenue among
the States is a scheme introduced into the Senate
"under the patronage .of an able and distinguished
Senator from South Carolina.    It proposes ah
amendment of the Constitution," so as to author-
ize the distribution of" the1 surgías revenue until
1842, the timo fixed for the expiration of the tariff
law as regulated by wnat is familiarly called the
compromise bill regulating- the1 tariff Until that
time.   This bill does not propose any1 restriction
Upon' the States as to "the application of thwir re-
spective portions, and* is not susceptible of alt the
, objections to its constitmioríality asThé " land
bill."   It only involves the question of the power
1 'of distribution itself.   Yet, sir, the author of this
" bill, for whose discriminating aAd -sagacious mind
I have the1 highest respect, introduced'it into the
Senate, and it will- come'before this? Hduse, ad-
1 mitting the want of tíbftsfijtutioñal power in this
GbvemVnerrt, and soekmgto1 supply the want Of
power by amendment of the Constitution. Now,
'sir, if there is no power io ^distribute the public
1  money in tht¡> Constitution^where is the power1 to
I • distribute public'laritts ?" Jiovmere, sir, unless it
f can be proved tWat theft¡"is" more danger in au-
'i thorizing this11 Government to use money derived
l from'tmties'or'diretet taxation1 than from public
I' lands.   I hutrtbfy believe the danger" is the'same
'"from either source; th,é principle iá wrong, and
" cannot bé made right, bécáuüe of the source from
•  which the money comes.'   '
1    The tendency of this system,-of dislributrdn, if
bncp introduced, will be datigerods Ih the extreme.
" Yes, sir, in its operation it will 'destroy the sov-
ereignty and'respectability "ÓTtne States'—H' will
demoralize and corrupt the people.   The States,
Instead of relying itpbn their 'own ftiergy and
enterprise, and their owrl tes8urces,'wi!l have
, their eyes turned tcVthisg^reat center of attraction,
' the FederalGovernnrerit, gs" the source'of all their
y wealth and prdspenty;"évery session of Congress
' will exhibit the sickening1 and disgusting scene
, of the representatives of the several States scramb-
ling for their portions, eaeh returning hoifie "and
l saying to his constituent?, see what tfie Govern-
ment has done for jou- ' The State íjegislEÍtures
will be scuffling to find objects to- which to ap-
\ ply the bounty of the FeHerat Government.   Sir,
* it has been said' thai " rftoney is )5ower." It is
true—fatal experience proves it to be true. In
"addition, then, to'the power of- the "purse"and
"the sibord," now in the hands Of this Government,
give it this power of enlarging'its influence by
authorizing another theater for its employment,
and I wpuld not give a fig for your-liberties. The
watchfulness and vigilance of the States' over the
action of this Government will be lulled into a
fatal confidence and security; they will no longer
stand upon the battlements of liberty, and sound
the alarm against approaching danger; but the
sentinels will sleep upon their Watches, and the
enemy enter the citadel by stealth.
The people will no longer watch the action of
the Federal Government with their accustomed
jealousy and vigilance; the deformities of the Fed-
eral action, and its gradual approaches to despo-
tism, will be uftperceived amidst the glare and
splendor of its munificence and bounty. i Sir, in-
terest is the mainspring of human action^ and no
scheme could be better devised to operate upon it
than these distribution schemes. They are at
war', vitally'at Var, with that frugality, simplic-
ity and poverty which it was designed should
attach to the Federal Government; they destroy
the very foundation upon which the safety and
durability of our institutions were based. I do
not attribute to the authors of these bills any
such designs—far from it; but I must confess I
dhould riew their adoption as the sure precursors
of consolidation and ultimate despotism. I hope
my fears may be-unfounded.    I  confess, how-
ever, they will be seriously awakened if these
schemes succeed. If they be adopted, it is easy
to perceive that it paves the way for another high
tariff system, and an unlimited system of internal
improvement; for, sir, when the people shall be
told of excessive taxation by tariff, they will be
told it is immaterial-, what they pay "in taxes
they get back in the distribution; and thus they
will be deluded into a fatal security and indiffer-
ence to the exercise of the taxing power. The
people, sir, the hard-working tax payers, will
never get back any part of the taxes they pay.
The indirect manner of its collection conceals
from them its onerous burdens., I am not will-
ing, Mr. Chairman, to see the States coming in
humble supplication, asking, at the hands of this
Government, their due portions of its bounty and
its munificence. I wish to see the States, in
their own domestic concerns, looking to their own
energies and their own resources, forbidding the
slightest control over, or interference with them,
by the Federal Government. Above all. I wish
to avoid A moneyed dépehdenée.
There is another principle involved in the latter
soheme, to which I am utterly opposed, as being
of dangerous tendency. I have learned,isir, to
venerate the Constitution as a ^system Of funda-
mental law, framed and adopted upon the most
mature and deliberate investigation; an instru-
ment intended'to bd as end«ring as time, and hot
to be ajtered upon slight and trivial occasions.
Amendments sfré-uld only be made to introduce
permanent fundamental principles, Which the se-
verest test of experience has demonstrated to be
salutary and necessary. If it be approached and
amended; upon sKght aftd trivial occasions, or for
temporary purpose , it %ill lose1 all that venera-
tion and respect necessity to' its 'perpetuity and
faithful observance, ft will occupy 'no higher
grade than legislative enactments, and be repealed,
altered', or "amended, upon the most slight and
triflihg otfcásións, and be subject to all the disad-
vantages bf excessive, precipitate, and capricious
legislation. TMs amendment, if adoptedyis to
last fire ot six years,'and then die. Sir, upon
the sartte principle other temporary amendments
may be introduced, until, finally, we shall have a
new constitution, subverting all the principles of
the old; for it- is not to be doubted that these tem-
porary amendments will finally become permanent
principles. I -«iannot, sir, upon any view I have
'been able to'talcs of this subject, bring myself to
vote- for either of these schemes, or for any scheme
of giving away the public lands. So dangerous
do I regard them,"that I would prefer resigning
'wiy'seat here, to* sifstairting them by my votes.
' The honorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr-
Aijlen] «laims these* schemes of distribution as
matter of-right, and strongly declaims against the
expenditure Of ihe public money upon the sea-
board, to the exclusion of the West. Sir, in the
system of defense proposed, does it not occUr to
■ the gentleman that the defense of our maritime
frontier is the defense of the West? -Can the
West be 'endangered, sir, by a foreign invasion,
while the Atlantic States successfully resist the
invaders? Are riot-the Atlantic and- Gulf towns
the channel of transportation for all the exports
of the West ? Certainly, sir, the gentleman, when
he reflects upon this subject, will not, for he can-
not, reasonably complain.
I do not intend here,Mr. Chairman, to inquire
who has or who has not recommended this scheme
of distribution. I am well aware that the present
President, as did Mr. Jefferson during his admin-
istration, made soma undefined suggestions for
the distribution of the surplus revenue which
might remain in the Treasury under certain con-
tingeftcies, yet both were mere suggestions ac-
knowledging the difficulties attending it, both as
regards constitutional power and corrupt ten-
dency, and was never earnestly pressed. The
present President, m most emphatic terms, dep-
recated the idea that the scheme, if adopted,
should be so unrestricted as to introduce into
the practice of the Government the habit of creat-
ing a surplus revenue for the purpose of distri-
bution. It is matter of no concern with me who
does or does not maintain opinions favorable to
this scheme. I decide for myself; I speak my
own opinion upon this subject, and I believe the
