1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.         Navy ¿appropriation BiU~-Mr. Garland* of Virginia.
Hp. of, Reps.
effect of this measure, if adopted, will be to pro-
duce that state of things so deprecated by the
President—the creation of a surplus revenue for
the purpose of distribution. I therefore oppose
it, and would do so, even if it were sanctioned by
the high authority of Andrew Jackson. In the
view which I have taken of the dangerous ten-
dency of this proposed plan of distribution, I am
strongly fortified by the opinions of the honor-
able gentleman [Mr. Calhoun] who is the re-
puted author of the. scheme now under discus-
sion. In a speech delivered by him in the other
branch of this body, on the removal of the de-
posits, he said: " Thereis anotheraspectin which
4 this subject may be viewed. "We all remember
4 how early the question of the surplus revenue
' began to agitate the country. At a very early
4 period, a Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Dick-
4 erson] presented his scheme for disposing of it
4 by distributing it among the States. The first
4 message of the President recommended a similar
4 project, which, was followed up by a movement
4 on the part of the Legislature of New York, and,
41 believe, some of Üie- other States., The public
4 attention was aroused; the scheme scrutinized;
4 its gross unconstitutionality and injustice, arid
4 its dangerous tendency—its tendency to absorb
4 the power arid existence of the States, were
4 clearly perceived and. denounced. The denun-
4 ciation was too deep to be resisted, and the
4 scheme was abandoned."   (          ,.
This strong and forcible paragraph éttibc\ai$s
every objection which I have urged to,the scheme,
and are in themselves sufficient, m my'humble
apprehension) to defeat this dangerous hieasure.
The  honorable gentleman from   Tennessee,
{Mr. BeiImT in assigning the reasons which
have induced him to abandon "lie party" now
sustaining ' the  Administration,  charges,   1st.
That the Administration came into"power upon
the profession: of one set pfprinciples, and prac-
tice,  upon another.   2d. That the Administra-
tion has "been grossly dereüct in' its duty in
recommending proper measures ariii providing
for the defense of • thp.country, ,3d. That its
practices are  prodigal and' corrupt in the em-
ployment ¡and disbursement of the bublie fund
used in. dispeHsingjf.he patronage of the Govern-
ment.  And, 4th. That it has attempted to delude
the people and produce public excitement upon
subjects which they recommended and never in-
' tended to carry out into practice.    Before, how-
ever, X proceed, to, answer .these   charges,  I
propose to ascertain the true point of responsi-
bility if .they be.,found true'.   The honorable
gentleman from Tennessee' says he attaches but
a slight degree of responsibility to the President,
for the practices and .riegiect which he charges
upon the Administration; i but hol4s*rris lieuten-
ants,, as he calls them, responsible, and thinks
the "Vice President himself should be held some-
what responsible; that he ought, to some extent,
to examine into the practices pf the'Government,
and correct abuses. , I do not, Mr. Chairman,
, concur with the honorable gentleman in his views
. upon this subject.    I hold the President himself
responsible for all and every abuse of executive
neglect of duty or abuse of power.   The Consti-
tution charges him with  the whole  executive
duty; he appoints to office, arid rernovés at his
will; if abuses exist, the Constitution has placed
■ in his hands the corrective power; and if be fails,
, whenever he has knowledge of'abuse','to af ply
the corrective, I hold him  responsible" to. the
• country.   ¡I will not separate .Between" the Presi-
. dent and'the executive_officers7 b'e'ehuse all his
duties .consist in -controlling.their action, and
correcting^their malpractice's.    It is here abuses
may sometimes exist for a time without his de-
tection ;T)ut when he does detect-them., it is.,bis
duty to correct;' and if he fails, He is' deeply" re-
sponsible. t But upon > what principle the Vice
President is to be held responsible, I confess I
•. cannot discern.   He is charged by the Constitu-
. tion simply with the duty of presiding over the
.deliberations of the SeBate; he can neither ap-
point nor remove an executive officer, nor can he
constitutionally do a single executive aot, unless
. he is charged with the duties of the office of
President, by the death, removal, or resignation,
or disability of the President.   Sir, the Vice
President is upon no principle responsible for
any abuses of the Government, however glaring
or corrupt, for the simple reason, that he has no
constitutional power to correct them. It is ob-
vious, however, that he is to be held responsible
by his opponents, with a view to affect him in
the coming presidential election.
I come now, Mr. Chairman, to consider the
charges of the honorable gentleman from Tennes-
see against the Administration; in doing so, I
shall attempt to defend the Administration by fact
and reason.  I shall not employ opprobrious party
epithets or impeach the motives of any man upon
.this floor.  Conscious Of the integrity of my own
opinions, I shall extend to others with whom 1
differ as much credit for integrity of opinion as I
claim for myself, knowing, as I do, the fallibility
of the Truman mind and its proneness to err, and
being unwilling to claim to myself Infallibility.
If facts and reason cannot be found to sustain my
opinions, I am sure denunciation will not.   The
first charge which I propose to consider is, that
the Administration came into "power professing
one set of principles, and that it practices upon
another.   The first specification made by the gen-
' tleman from Tennessee, which I shall discuss, is
'the -subjeft of 'internal improvement."    He
I charges that the'presenfc Administration came into
power professing opposition to this system, and
''in practice had expended more money than in
the same period ofany preexisting Adttiinistra-
;tion.   First, then, sir, as to the profession, and
' then the práctí¿e; and here I might rest the defense
of the -Administration against this charge, by
simply quoting from the speech of the gentleman
from "¡Kentucky^ [Mr. AllavJ the charge that
the President came into power favoring the system
of internal improvements, while his practice has
•overthrown ir. • This gentleman read an extract
from a letter .frorrn the President to the Governor
'of Indiana, in ^hich the President refers/to hjs
votes as a member.of the Senate upon this sub-
•ject, and1 asserts ftis opinions to* be unaltered.
'This letter, the gentleman from Kentucky says,
[deluded the Wset into the support of the Presji-
I derit.   He says:   '
J " This Jetter, throughout the West, was considered as
r~removing every doubt, ¡n«r the vote bf that country wat give 
. upon the faith of the pontine pledge- i co*i<rin«í."
The gentleman sarcastically says, that this
' pledge was redeemed f y the veto of the Maysvilje
road bill, and the yeto of the bill for the benefit
1 of the Louisville canal, in the iatter of which the
President' expressed this sound and orthodox
• opinion:
I      " Positive eteperience, and a more thorough consideration
f of the Htlyect, have convinced me (the President) of the im-
propriety, m veil a* inexpediency of tuck investments."
I, • After the gentleman had spoken of the shock
and disappointment which the Maysville and
Louisville canal had produced in the West, and
their tendency to weaken the ties which bind to-
gether representative and constituent,and denying
the right of a representative to change his pledged
• opinion, he says: 4' But it was necessary to break the
shock which this disappointment caused in the West."
This purpose was accomplished, says the gentle-
f man, in the message of 1829. Sir, this is cer-
tainly a most singular state of things. The force
of the shock, and disappointment created by the
Maysville veto message of May, 1830, in the
West, is broken by the annual message of Decem-
ber, 1829. Most singular—theforce of a shock which
\ took place in May, 1680, is broken by a message de-
r livered about six menthsbefore! Í. leave, the gentle-
man to make the best of this'argument he can;
foi it is, I admit, greatly- beyond rdy compre-
hension. In addition to this testimony I will
offer that of Mr. Clay, who pronounced, I think
in 1834, the death of his favorite system of in-
ternal improvement under the blow given it by the
Maysville veto. Every member kno wsthe partic-
ular solicitude with which that gentlemian watched
over this favorite system, and that he, from his
public 'or private relations with the President,
would not oe disposed to do him more than jus-
tice; yet, as late as 1834, he pronounced the sys-
tem crushed beneath the powerof the veto. Now,
sir, this gentleman, or the gentleman from Ten-
• nessee, is .mistaken. But, sir.as to the professed
principles of the President upon this subject,
when he came into office, independent of this tes-
timony, I think I shall be able satisfactorily tb
j prove that the President, in the administration
! of the Government, has been  consistent with
1 himself, in profession and practice, in relation to
"this subject.    The Maysville veto was the first
occasion upon which the President made a par-
ticular avowal of his opinions upon this all-im-
Eortant question of constitutional power, in which
e denies the right of this Government to con-
struct works of internal improvement within the
boundaries of a State, or to appropriate money
in aid of such works by subscriptions for stock
or otherwise.    He avows also the opinion th. t
this Government has the power to appropriate
money for removing obstacles from, and improv-
ing the navigable rivers within, the limits of a
State, or where it is the boundary between States,
and for constructing works of improvement in
the Territpries; in all of which he distinguishes
between works of a national, and those of a mere
local character.    The President, however, in the
veto message, expresses himself doubtfully of
1 what is the true boundary Kne within which the
Government may appropriate money, and recora-
' mends such an amendment of the Constitution as
. will place the exercise of this important power
upon its true ground, defining the line over which
; the Government shall hot go, and putting to rest
' forever this vexed question    The President re-
t peated in each of his succeeding -messages the
difficulty under Which he labored,'arid therecom-
I mendation of a' constitutional ameridment to re-
' Heve the Executive from the "difficulty.    This
recommendation óf his, merely to define by con-
' stitutiorfal declaration this power, has not been
| responded to by the representatives of the peo-
ple, and the responsibility for its failure rests
upon them'..
j     It canhot be forgotten that the Maysville veto
h wps hailed with enthusiastic delight by the oppo-
|l rrefrts of this power, as cutting off the whole sys-
I tern of local improvements within the limits of
' the States, and though not achieving the whole,
* yet achieving much, very much-, for the principle
of strict construction.
All the public jourrfftls so regarded it, and this
was the view which was taken- by the whole na-
tion. This,sir, is the principle which the Admin-
istration professed; and I contend that, in all the
appropriations 'for works of internal improve-
nietit, npne have been constructed of a local char-
acter incompatible with the principles avowed in
the Maysville veto and subsequent messages. If
L there is one, sir,- it has escaped my memory, and
I should like to know it, for I Wish to know the
' truth.
1 Mr. WISE rose and said, that, understanding
I his honorable colleague [Mr. Garland] to inquire
or'to ask for a specification of any act of appro-
¡ bation by the Executive of the principle of inter-
nal improvement since his veto of the Maysville
road bill, he would, with his colleague's permis-
sion, specify a single instance during the last
. Congress. Mr. Garland gave way, and Mr.
Wise proceeded to state, that, during the last
Congress, there was a bill of appropriation for
\ the construction of certain harbors on the lakes,
in the States of New York and Ohio; that when
¡J that bill came up for consideration, his colleague
[Mr. Mercer] moved to amend it, by adding an
item of $30,000, or thereabout, for surveys for Works
of internal improvement. This sum had been,
for several years, annually appropriated-for inter-
nal improvement, and had ever been considered
the foundation , of the whole system. It was the
nucleus, the nest egg of works of internal im-
proveinent, for without previous surveys no works
whatever could be constructed. _ It involved the
whole principle of the system without limitation
—without the refined distinction ever involved in
the word "national." So viewed, when this
amendment was offered to this harbor bill, a few
strict constructionists from the South, of whom I
was one, determined to make one more effort to
resist the principle of internal improvement, and
to strike a blow at the very foundation of the
system. Accordingly, when the bill came up,
several gentlemen and myself appealed to the
gentlemen of "the party," particularly from New-
York, to aid us in resisting this amendment of
