252
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Garland, of Virginia.
Ho. of Reps.
was 378.   The number of carriages since made
is 69".                          ,                   ,       ,
As a general rule, the practice has been to
expend between seventy and eighty thousand
dollars per annum for cannon, and the balance of
the $100,000 for shot, and timber to be seasoned
for the carriages, and other materials for the
same.
Statement shotñn* the amount of money expended for the
last seven years, under the appropriations for arming the
fortifications, for the following objeits, viz:
For 4-2-pounder guns.............................§1,000
For 3-2-pounder guns.............................520,000
For 11-pounder guns.............................       390
For 33-pound cannon balls........................25,448
For gun carriages................................150,900
Amount appropriated $700,000.   Balance applied to mis-
cellaneous purchases of articles.
Okdkanck Office, Washington, March-29, 1836.
The reasons why guns have been procured in
greater numbers than carriages, are:
1st. Because only a limited supply of guns
could be procured, the manufacture requiring
peculiar and extensive preparations, and artisans
well acquainted with the business. Previous ar-
rangements, therefore, were required for their
manufacture, and it was essential that the found-
eries employed in this manufacture should be
kept in operation, for, if once broken up, it would
be difficult to replace them, and on a sudden exi-
gency, we might not have been able to procure an
adequate supply of cannon.
2d. Carriages could be made at every place
where mechanical labor could be procured, and
to almost any extent; and it was not therefore so
necessary to hasten this supply as that of can-
non. The truth of this remark is shown by the
fact, that under the exigency of the last season
upwards of 800 carriages were made; and this
number might have been increased to an almost
indefinite extent, had circumstances demanded,
and the means been provided.
3d. Wooden carriages are liable to decay, and
it was therefore expedient to postpone the pro-
curing of these rather than the cannon, which are
almost indestructible, when the appropriation
was not sufficient for a supply of both. Iron car-
riages have been lately introduced into service,
and were made for the first time last season.
Wooden carriages are yet necessary in certain
situations. Had the appropriations been suf-
ficient for an adequate supply of both guns and
carriages, both would have been procured; but as
they were not, the funds were first expended upon
the most indispensable articles.
These statements prove, beyond possible doubt,
that all the means appropriated by Congress have
been promptly and judiciously employed, and
that no part of the public service committed to
the care of that Department has been in the
slightest degree neglected.
In addition to the strong recommendation of
the War Department, the President, as early as
the year 1830, called the attention of Congress to
this important subject, in the following terms:
" It is worthy of your consideration, whether the
' armaments necessary for the fortifications on
• our maritime frontier, which are now, or shortly
'will be completed, should not be in readiness
' sooner than customary appropriations will enable
' the Department to provide for them. This-pre-
' caution seems to be due to the general system
' of fortifications which has been sanctioned, and
' is recommended by that maxim of wisdom
'which tells us, 'in peace prepare for war.'"
What more, I would ask, could the Executive
do; and where rests the responsibility? I answer
upon Congress.
If the majority, then, have neglected to p"rovide
the means for the defense of the country, is the
Administration responsible for the consequences5
I answer no; the Administration has done its
duty; its skirts are clear; but, sir, how will this
argument avail the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee? Was he not one of that majority,
and involved with them in the consequences of
his own charge? I leave him to answer the ques-
tion to himself and to his country. Why do the
minority complain if they had done their duty to
the country? There would have been ample de-
fenses—all these complaints silenced. Yet they
complain of the Executive for not doing what
they themselves prevented being done, by not
appropriating the means.
The Navy Department is also involved in this
general charge of neglect, for the almost entire
want of preparation and sad condition of our
Navy. To vindicate this Department against this
charge, I need only refer to every annual message
of the President, and accompanying report from
the Navy Department, to prove that the attention
of Congress has been unremittedly called to this
important arm of our national defense, and its
increase, improvement, and equipment urged in
the strongest terms. The appropriations have
been faithfully and judiciously disbursed. The
true strength of the Navy may be seen from the
annexed table:
The President, in his message, strongly urged
upon the consideration of Congress this subject.
NAVT.
In commission, In ordinary. On stocks. Total.
74..........1              6                5         12
44..........3              4                7         14
36..........1              2                1           3
24..........1              1                0          2
18..........11              6                0         17
12..........6              0                0           6
54
This shows that although the vessels in com-
mission are few in number and inadequate to our
defense, yet that such is the state of material and
preparation,thatalarge force could very promptly
be put afloat in case of necessity. The whole
navy is inadequate to the defense of our coast,
but it is as large as the acts of Congress have
authorized, and no blame can attach to the De-
partment. It is true that some of the materials
are in a state of decay at our navy-yards. Why
is it so ? Because Congress had not provided
sufficiently for their protection. As to the unex-
pended balances so much spoken of, I have but a
single word to say. There are existing contracts
which will require every dollar. And now, Mr.
Chairman, while the honorable gentleman from
Tennesse has complained of our almost utterdesti-
tution of preparation for defense, and congratulates
the country on its escape from damage and dishonor
by the settlement of our controversy with France,
he opposes entering at this Unit upon the adoption
of that system of preparation proposed, the want
of which he so strongly complained of. Sir, has
not the gentleman, Dy asserting the want of
preparation, and the dangers which we have
escaped, growing out of it, conclusively proved
that we ought speedily to remedy the evil by
adopting a judicious system of defense! I humbly
think he has.
I will now, Mr. Chairman, proceed, as well as
I can, to auhwer the charges of the gentleman
from Tennessee affecting those promises and
practices of the Government which were designed
to delude and excite the people for political
effects; and first, what the gentleman opprobiously
calls the "gold humbug." The honorable gen-
tleman says this Administration pledged itself to
restore a metallic circulation to the country—a
pledge which it has totally failed to redeem. It
is true, sir, that this Administration maintains
the principle that this was intended to be, and
ought to be, a hard-money Government, and that
it would use its utmost exertions to restore a
hard-money circulation. To effect this, it recom-
mended, and Congress has placed the value of
gold here upon an equality with gold in Europe,
and thus destroyed one motive to exportation.
Since the formation of this Government, there has
been coined, in value, $61,816,650 48, of which
there has been coined, in value, during this Ad-
ministration, $30,609,824 10, near one half. The
Mint establishment has also been extended; all
of which proves, that if the effort fails, the Ad-
ministration has done everything which it could
constitutionally do to redeem this pledge. Why,
then, has it not been redeemed? The answer is
obvious: the State governments have the consti-
tutional power to charter banks; this power has
been freely exercised; most of the State banks
issue immense masses of small notes, which
throw specie out of circulation. This was the
very scheme which Alexander Hamilton, the
father of the American banking system, resorted
to, to throw out of circulation specie, so as to
give full scope to the circulation of bank notes,
and thereby secure their permanent and extensive
circulation. The Administration has done its
duty; it cannot do everything; and if the effort
fails, the fault will be with the States and the
people themselves; yet it must be admitted that
the metallic circulation has much increased, and
is gradually increasing, and I yet have strong
hopes for the final accomplishment of so desirable
an object.
The next subject of charge of this character,
made by the gentleman from Tennessee, is, that
the Administrationprofesses to be greatly alarmed
at the idea of the presidential election coming to
this House, and are solicitous so to amend the
Constitution as to prevent it, while in truth and
in fact they have no such fear, but hold it out to
the people with a view of exciting their appre-
hensions to favor the election of a particular
candidate for the Presidency. This charge the
honorable gentleman applies to the friends of the
Administration, but expressly excepts the Pres-
ident. To sustain this charge, the gentleman
"refers to the action of the last session of Con-
gress, as exhibited upon the face of the Journal,
and contrasts the course pursued upon that sub-
ject by the friends of one candidate with that
pursued by the friends of another, and thence
deduces the opinion that the friends of the Vice
President are mostly opposed to the measure,
while the party with which the gentleman from
Tennessee acts favors it.
Such an amendment of the Constitution as
would prevent, under any contingency, the elec-
tion of President and Vice President devolving
upon the House of Representatives, has always
been, and still is, a favorite measure with the
present President; and he has never failed in
every annual message to Congress, from the
commencement of his term to the present session,
to urge it strongly upon Congress. He urged it
when coming into power, and he urges it when
going out. I have examined with much care
the Journals of the last session, and find the fol-
lowing to be the true state of the proceedings on
that subject. On the 9th of December, the Pres-
ident's message, recommending an amendment of
the Constitution in relation to this subject, was
referred to a select committee. (See Journal,
page 9.)
On the 19th of December, before any report
was made, Mr. Hamer, of Ohio, (the present
" chairman,) offered the following resolution:
I "Resolved, That the select committees to which was
refeired so much of the President's message at. relates to
the election of President and Vire President of the United
1 States, be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the Constitution, as to provide for the election
of President and Vice President by a direct vote of the
people in distucts; the number of districts m each State
to be equal to the number of Senators and Representatives
to which such State mavbe entitled in Congress, and each
district having one vote; the election of such officers m no
event to devolve upon Congress. No person who has been
elected President to be a aiii eligible to that office; and
that no Senator or Kepre>eritative shall be nominated or
appointed to any office ot honor, trust, or profit, under the
authority of the Tinted State , whilst holduig a seat in
Congress."   (See Journal, p. 111.)
Mr. Hamer was then, as now, a friend of the
Administration, as was also a majority of the
committee.
On the 31st of January, Mr. Gilmer, an op-
ponent of the Administration, who was chair-
man of the select committee, reported that the
committee could not agree.    (Page 294.)
On the same day, Mr. Gilmer, by leave,
offered joint resolutions on the subject, embrac-
ing a variety of propositions, and details of an
important character.
Read and laid on the table.
On the 13th of February, Mr. Gilmer made a
motion to suspend the rules, to take up and con-
sider these resolutions—yeas 151, nays 56; the
great body of the friends of the Administration
voting for it; resolution read, and postponed to
Thursday, the 19th.    (Journal, 378.]
Same day, Mr. Hannegan moved to amend,
