854
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.            JSavy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Garland, of Virginia.
Ho. of Rfps.
becanse of" an overflowing Treasury, and a pros-
perous people We in at tuul\ al irnud because
 , hut  nnutli money w< do not know what
to do with it What a singular tultillnitiit of pi o
plney this" There is. Mi Churman, a re tdy
hav to relieve all our d tfieulties upon this sub-
, lt—n ue\e the ti\ts of the people by reducing
the tariff, and the surplus will soon be reducid.
1 hold mvselt under no obligation to abide any
compromise ot conflicting intensts, which shall
unnecessarily burdin the great body ot the
people.
I come now, Mr. Churman, to consider the
sublet of tin deposit banks It i-s said by the
g?mlt Hi?  from Tennessee, [Mi Bell,] that the
deposit of the public money in the State batiks,
txu nding, as they do,ovtr tin whole nation. St -
c ires to the Executive an extensive and danger-
ous intluinie over the moneyt d concerns ol tin
country to an extent dangerous to public virtue
and liberty, that the deposit banks will be en-
tirely subservient to its views. Sir, the public
mon> v must either be conn ntrat d at oae point
in the Treasury Department, which would be
unsafe and dangerous, or in the hands of indi-
viduals, which would also be unsafe, or in banks,
and the question is, w Inch w ould be the most
judicious deposit Mr Gallatin, for whose opin-
ions I entertain verv high respect, in a report to
Congress in 1811, when the charter of the old
United States Bank mss under consideration,
used this language "The banking system is
' now firmly estabushed. and in its ramifications
' extends to every part of the United States. Un-
1 der that s'v stem, the assistance of banks appears
' to me nnessary for the punctual collection of
1 the revenue, andfor the safe-keeping andtrans-
' mission of public moneys. That the punctual-
' lty of payments is principally due to banks is a
' fact generally acknowledged,'1 &c.
This argument is used merely to prove the ne-
cessity of using banks, because the system is
firmly incorporated into our system. He then
goes on to argue the advantages of a national over
State banks, but says: " If, indeed, the Bank of
' the Unite d States could be removed without af-
' fecting either its numerous debtors, the other
' moneyed institutions, or the circulation of the
' country, the ordinary fiscal operations of the
' Government would not be materially deranged,
' and might be carried on by means of another
•general bank, or of State banks."
This concedes the whole ground I desire; and
that State banks can be effectively and safely em-
ployed is already proved by actual experiment
The concession comes, too, from a man favoring
a national bank.
The reasons, under existing circumstances, of
selecting State banks, by the Executive,are man-
ifest; it was an act of necessity There is no
law directing where the public money should be
deposited in case of the expiration of the United
States Bank charter, or m case the Secretary,
under the discretion with which he was vested,
should deem it expedient to remove them, the
State banks were the only safe places which
could be selected. At the opening of the session
of Congress succeeding the remo\al of the public
deposits, the President in his message notified
Congress of the act of removal, the selection of
the State banks, and earnestly recommended to
Congress to make suitable regulations. He said,
" the attention of Congress is earnestly invited
' to the regulation of the deposits m the State
' banks, by law. Although the power now ex-
' ercised by the executive Department m this be-
' half is only such as was uniformly exercised
' through every Administration, from theorigin of
• the Government up to the establishment of the
' present bank, yet it is one which is susceptible of
' regulation by law, and therefore ought to be so
'regulated. The power of Congress to direct t 
' what places the Treasurer shall keep the moneys m
' the Treasury, and to impose restrictions upon the
' executive authority, in relation to their custody and
4 removal, is unlimited," and Congress, from that
time to this, has faikd to do so. The reason is '
obvious The bill regulating this matter was i
embarrassed in its progress with clogs and restric-
tions, which might induce the State banks to ¡
refuse to receive the deposits, and thus bring i
about the necessity of run wing the chaiter of
the United ¡Matt s Bmk.oi < buttling a m \v na-
tional bank ¡Mr, w< should luiM to assul the
Exttutive about its intlii< nie anil contiol o\n
tin State binks and of the publu mom y "1 In
Extcutive his e inn stly mvittd and nig a \ou
to n gulnte the ill posits, and itstnet its control
over the public moiu y
Gentium n complain of the influence which th
E\' cutive will i\ rt over the lomunuuu—an
mtlui in e,tin ysay,d m,'i must >libeity—tliiough
tin medium ot the dc posit banks I submit it
to the country to decult , wlnthir there In Iim
danger troni a countetion with a national bink
ot $.íó,000,000, having its brai clu s m tin ctipitnl
ot t vt ry State, controlkd by a single bund of
dn itois, or the same liumbu ot Mat bonks,
having i ach its indt pendt nt board of dmctois,
conuot'td by the vigilance ot twenty-four fetite
governments, each liitciestid foi its own secunty
in restitiming any undm influence over State
institutions by the National Govurnment, evm
with $50,000,000 of capital. I am mvstlf, Mr.
Chairman  no friend ot banking institutions, the
whole s\stem is coirupt m its tendmey, and is
as successfully building up anstociacy in this
country as tht laws of primogeniture and succes-
sion sustain it iu Great Britain.
But, sir, gentlemen not only profess to be
alarmed at the influence possessed by the Gov-
ernment over these institutions, and the danger-
ous tendency of that influence, but they strike up
another panic, and asseit that the deposit banks
arc not safe, that the public money will all, or
nearly all, be lost I here exhibit a statement
showing the true condition of the deposit banks
up to the 1st of Ftbrtiary, by which it will be seen
tnat all the demands against them amount to
$86,844,763 3C, and thur means to meet them,
$128,074,370 15, leaving a sum oarer and above
all demands of $41,229,833 79.,
It appears that the immediate liabilities of all
the deposit banks aie as follows-
Owing to othtr banks.........#14,879,161 45
emulation to be redeemed____26,243,688 36
Piiva'e deposits........,.....15,043,033 64
Public deposits.......,.......30,678,879 91
Aggregate..................$86,844,763 36
Their immediate means to meet these immediate
liabilities were—
Due from other banks.........$15,712,977 35
Specie on hand...............10,198,659 24
Notes of specie-paying banks..    9,513,089 53
Aggregate.
.$35,484,726 12
So that their immediate means were as one to
about two and a half of their immediate liabilities
This is a proportion larger than most of the
other banks in the United States-, larger than the
United States Bank itself used generally to have
when a public depository, and larger than the
Bank of England usually has. (See supplemental
report, 1834, table AA, Doc. No 27, Ho. of
Reps )
But besides these immediate means, the deposit
banks had also other means to secuie the Gov-
ernment and other depositors, and the holders of
their notes of about fifty per centum more than
the amount of all their immediate liabilities.
Thus besides the above immediate means, they
have bills of exchange, in many cases as available
as specie, amounting to $27,149,935 39. They
have due to them on notes and obligations dis-
counted, the sum of $65,439,908 64, and add to
thw their immediate means of $35,484,726 12,
and they have in all the sum of $128,074,570 15
to pay and secure their immediate debt of
$86,844,763 36. In addition to this, the Treasury
hold collateral security of most of these banks,
to secure what is due to the United States, as
suggested in annual report, page 21.
The reports up to the 1st of March vary this
view but little. It is manifest therefore, Mr.
Chairman, that so much alarm for the safety of
the public money is totally unfounded. It is easy
to discover that all these fears and alarms about
the deposit banks, this irresistible influence of
the Executive over the public mind through their
agency, an inte tided to iff i I s m otln i 1 uoute
obj t—thtvsqui it at anotui mil ma' tat! 1 do
not alliuli to an\ gi ntl in in cm t us li<> n Li
sn , d > s it in t o in to he nil m u t] at it tin si'
d posit b uiksai t all bioke, thittbeyi m i \ in
no cl kuiious iiithnn i upon tin countij, \hd
t'l it tin s   fi us in t ntinly v ísion uy '
Tin n xtsul ]i itof compl unLonthi pait of the
honoi ibh g< ntl nun tiom 11 mi ssei [Mi 13i li ]
to win i 1 skill ndvut, is tne suo|LCtof «.x tu-
tu piiioin^ , th un i is uul ding ions tt n-
deilcy ot whiohsuin totxtiti so much appn
Illusion ioi tin \ n tu< niel sili ty of tin nation, on
tin pa.it of tint gi ntlnn n. In discussing this
(]ui stion, All Chairman, I shall not stop to in-
quire whit tuend of tin Adiniiustiation may or
may not b  involved m inconsistency, that is ím-
matiriil to nit I shall pusent my own news
upon this, as upon all other questions which shall
conn uniltr consid iation, without regard to the
consequences to otheis The question is, what
are tht principles of this Admimstiation upon this
subjict' not what is, or what has been, the opin-
ion of this or that indiv ldual tnend, and whether,
upon this subject, the piofession and practice of
the Admimstiation have been consistent. The
honoiablc gentleman say s the bill now before the
House, sent hither by the Senate, is intended to
restrict and cut off improper executive patronage.
This bill prov ides, that the limitation of four yeais
to the duration of the term of the public officers,
to w hose offices it now applies, shall be repealed,
and that in casi of remov al from office, before the
nomination of a successor is acted upon, the Pres-
ident shall assign to the Senate his reasons foi the
removal. Now, sir, I deny that this bill is in ac-
cordance with the professed opinions of the Ad-
ministration. The views, of the President upon
this subject were announced in his first annual
message to Congress, in which he says:
"There are perhaps few men who can for any
'great length of time enjoy office and power,
'without being more or less under the influence
' of feelings unfavorable to a faithful discharge
' of their public duties Their integrity may be
' proof against improper considerations lnimedi-
'ately addressed to themselves, but they are apt
' to acquire a habit of looking w ith indifference
'upon the public interests, and of tolerating con-
'duct from which an unpracticed man would
' revolt Office IB considered as a spenes of
' property, and government, rather as a means
' ot promoting individual interests, than as an
' instrument cioated solely foi the service of the
'people. Corruption m some, and in others, a
' perversion of correct feelings and principles,
' divert government from its legitimate ends, and
' make it an engine for the support of the few at
' the expense of the many. The duties of all
' public officers are, or at least admit of being
' made so plain and simple, that men of nitelli-
' gence may readily qualify themselves for their
' performance; and I cannot but believe that more
' is lost by the long continuance of men in office,
' than is generally to be gained by their experi-
'ence> / submit, tlierejore, to your considei ation,
' whether the efficiency of the Government would not
' be promoted, and official industry and integrity
' better secured, by a genet al extension of tlie law
' which limits appointments to four years.
" In a country where offices are created solely
'for the benefit of the people, no one man has
' any more intrinsic right to official station than
' another. Offices were not established to give
' support to particular men, at the public expense.
' No individual wrong is therefore done by re-
' moval, since neither appointment to, nor con-
' tmuance in office, is matter of right. The m-
' cumbent became an officer with a view to public
'benefits; and when these require his removal,
' they are not to be sacrificed to private interests.
' It is the people, and they alone, who have a
' right to complain, when a bad officer is substi-
' tuted for a good one. He who is removed has
' the same means of obtaining a living, that ai e
' enjoyed by the millions who never held office.
' The proposed limitation w ould dc stroy tht idea.
' of pioperty, now so generally connected with
« official station, and although individual distiess
' may be sometimes produced, it would, by pro-
' moting that rotation which constitutes a leading
