258
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.             Navy
It produced in its operation a continued breach
of the Constitution which requires an equality of
dul es in all our poits.or it involved the Go\em-
inent in the necessity of making a discrimination
in lav ">r of French products greatly pre]iidicial to
our intttcourse with other Powers. With the
approbation of the executive, and the unanimous
ruifinuon of the Stnate, eveiy whisper of com-
phint should be hushed In the conduct of that
negotiation, Mr.Rivesstrictly pursued the instruc-
tions given him by the Government—he yielded
nothing but vv hat he was instructed to yield upon
the principle of compromise, not of right, and his
couise was highly approvtd by the Government.
The skill and talent with which the negotiation
was conducted received its merited compliment,
both here and in France, and cannot now be dis-
paraged. A paiagraph in his letter, announcing
ihe termination of the negotiation, has been seized
upon, torn from its context, and charged to him
as vanity and braggartism. I invite the most
fastidious to read that letter carefully. It will be
found that Mr. Rives detailed very accurately the
difficulties attending that negotiation; the diffi-
culty in ascertaining the true amount of claims,
and was really excusing himself to the Govern-
ment for taking so little in the exercise of the dis-
cretion with which he had been invested. The
opinion which he expressed, as mere mattpr of
probability, as to the real amount of claims, was
based, not upon his own estimates, but upon
those of Mr. Gallatin, who had examined them
at an earher period than he had; and this is all.
The skill, fidelity, and ability of the negotiator,
throughout the whole negotiation, is most man-
ifest.
Sir, what is most singular in this business is,
that the assertion that Mr. Rives's letter pre-
vented the fulfillment of the tr~<uy by France
should be persisted in, in the teeth of the declara-
tion of the French Government to the contrary. I
do not allude to the remarks of any gentleman here,
Mr. Chairman, I hope I shall be excused for
saying that the result of this controversy has
elevated my American pride to the utmost degree
of elevation. For the first time in our history,
two mighty kings have condescended to call us a
great nation. Our national character in the eyes
of all Europe has been elevated beyond any for-
mer period of our history, and we have every
reason to believe that the faith of treaties will
hereafter be punctually observed towards us, the
course of the Administration having satisfied
foreign Powers that the violation of treaties will
not be submitted to.
There was one remark made by the gentleman
from Tennessee to which I beg leave to reply.
It was, that if war had resulted from our contro-
versy with France, we should have been whipped
severely. I heard it stated in an early part of the
session, and before the controversy was settled,
that one of the navy commissioners had declared (
that if war ensued, we should be whipped for
three years. Sir, I say nothing of the propriety
of this remark pending the controversy, and the
influence it might have upon it. But I do not
believe it would have been so. Sir, the last war
with a more powerful enemy did not last three
?rears; and we were not only not whipped, but bnl-
íant victories crowned our arms. We are not,
I hope, the degenerate sons of gallant sires; and
if war had ensued, the glories of our achieve-
ments in the late war would still have shone about
our flag, and conducted us to victory. Unpre-
pared as we were, our soldiers and sailors, ani-
mated by that spirit of liberty which is never felt
by foreign mercenaries, would have been an
overmatch for all the myrmidons which Louis
Philippe could have poured upon us. As to our
being beaten at sea, I leave my Yankee friends,
who furnish so many sailors, to answer that All
I know is, they are very hard to vihip, particu-
larly when frizes are ahead. But, sir, if we should
have been whipped, damaged, and dishonored,
for the want of preparation, is it not time to pre-
pare against a like danger' And why is there
opposition to it? Does not the honorable gen-
tleman himself say it would have been for the
want of that very preparation which the Admin-
istration is now recommending to Congress ?
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Garland, of
Among the many charges made to affect "the
I party," as the gentleman calls it, is the " caucus"
system which he says has been adopted, to con-
trol public sentiment; a practice which he de- '
nounces with bold and unmitigated severity. He
makes reference to congressional caucuses, and
its repudiation by the Jackson party. I have but
a few words to answer upon this subject. Con-
gressional caucuses were foi a long time prac-
ticed duung the protracted contests for power,
between the old Republican and Federal parties.
The practice was introduced for the purpose of
concentrating public sentiment upon a single in- [
dividual, to secure the triumph of the principles
of the party, which might be lost by division. ||
All caucuses, conventions, or meetings, of the i
dominant party have had the same object in view.
Since the congressional caucus has been putdown,
conventions of delegates from the people have
been adopted to effect the same object. These
are all acts of the people, which they, or portions
of them, be they many or few, have a right to do.
The Opposition have pursued the same course. '
They have had their State conventions, and their
national conventions, and their legislative cau-
cuses. E\en the Tennessee Legislature has re-
cently nominated a candidate for the Presidency.
By what authority, sir' Not in discharge of any
legislative duty certainly. No, sir, but of their
own free will and accord. Sir, did not eleven J
highly honorable and intelligent gentlemen, mem-
bers of Congress, all from Tennessee — among
them, the honorable gentleman himself—hold a
, meeting, and recommend a candidate for the Pres-
idency,andl donotdoubt honestly and sincerely'
Why, then, is "the party" complained of for
doing that which they have a right to do '
Mr. BELL (interrup .ag) said, that the eleven
of the Tennessee delegation, to which the gentle-
man alluded, was a meeting of so many indi-
viduals, who met, not to nominate Judge White—
they had no organization—they had no chair-
man—no secretary—they kept no minutes—they
adopted no resolution—they published nothing—
it was not intended that anything they did should
be published—they only met as so many indi-
viduals, to ascertain the views of each other; and
all they did was to devise the means, and come
to some virtual resolutions to make their support
I of Judge White as effective as possible.
, Mr. GARLAND. It is true, sir, they had
I neither president nor secretary, yet their object
was the same. They intended to nominate and
recommend a candidate for the Presidency, and
did so, and this is all the caucuses or conventions
do. I am not complaining of the act, for the
gentlemen did what they had a right to do. I
only claim that the party with which I act shall
not be denounced by gentlemen who have done j
the very same thing, in effect, if not in form.
The paraphernalia of president and secretary
does not alter the object in view. Now, sir,
whether eleven gentlemen, however honorable
and respectable, or six hundred, have the greater
right to nominate a candidate, I leave to the
American people to decide. But it seems the
Baltimore Convention is the devoted victim of
every possible denunciation. The recommenda-
tion of the Baltimore Convention stands upon
the same footing with all other like meetings,
dependant for the force of its recommendation
upon the character and principles of the nominee.
But, sir, how long has a Baltimore Convention
and its nominee been odious in the State of Ten-
nessee ' I find a meeting was held in the city of
Nashville in 1832, in which the following resolu-
tions were adopted in favor of a convention, and
of Martin Van Buren:
" We shall, in all probability, be resolving to no useful
urpose, were we to act alone, and nominate a candidate for
ice President without concert with our fellow citizen  of
the other States of theUnion, who maintain the same opm |
ions, and are inclined to the same political course with our-
selves They might disagree with us, as to the man best
qualified to fill the station. Several candidates might be
voted for at the polls, the election devolve upon the Senate,
and other injurious consequences might follow "
" Resolved, That in sell ctmg a proper person to be sup-
ported for the office of Vice President at the next election, |
we consider it wise and just to act in concert with our fel I
low citizens of the United States who ipprove of the meas- '
ures of the present Admini«tralion, and who are friendly to I
the election of our present Chief Magistrate, and that we 1
inia.                         Ho. of Reps.
will not determine on a candidate without seekin" their lid
and advice in general convention
"If there be one political evil which preeminently ifflicts
the country, it i-> angrv contentions ind divi ions Rronjng
out of no difference  of opinion as regards principles ol m-
tioml policy, but such v ire Insert upon per-onal cnnsiri
eration —likes and dislikes of political aspirants 1 hi  evil
we di «ire to avoid
" We de ire to aid in the elevation of a citizen to this
office, who is honest, discreet, and nletited, íMr \an
Buren,) firm of purpose, experienced as a statesman, and
digmlied as a mm, who the country, not himself, ml'
serve , one vt ho, by his pa-t conduct, shall have provs n that
he «ill idvor-ue and «ustun, it elected, the political doc
tunes we pTotes  "
These resolutions embrace all the reasons upon
which the Baltimore Convention was called.
Another meeting was held at the same place in
1835, in which the following resolutions against
the Baltimore Convention and Martin Van Buren
were adopted:
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this meeting, a system
of controlling elections to all high and important public
tru t  and offices bv caucus nomination would be a viola-
tion of the spirit of the Constitution ; that it would inevi-
tably lead to frequent combinations between a few self ap-
pointed leaders of a party to cooperate in all their movements,
and to accommodate their principle to the single object of
obtaining power, and of sharing among themselves and their
partisans the offices and entire patronage of the Govern-
ment ; and that such a system, when once sanctioned bv
the acquiescence of the people, and put into full operation
in a majority of the States of this Union, will be fatal to
Liberty itself
" Therefore, in opposing the system of caucus nomina-
tions, and in opposing the election of MAUTIN VAN BU-
RÉN, who is avowedly the candidate of that system and of
those who seek to make it permanent dnd universal in elec-
tions, both State and national, we do not consider that we
do, in any respect, fail in a fair, full, and due support of the
present Administration "
At both these meetings I find the following
gentlemen acting as officers: W. E Anderson,
Joseph Vaulx, George S. Yerger, A. A. Hall,
George C   Childys.
Mr. BELL (interrupting) said that the nomin-
ation of Mr. Van Buren at Nashville, as a can-
didate for the Vice Presidency, was the act of a
few individuals, and one which gave considerable
dissatisfaction in Tennessee. The practice of
caucus nominations has always been odious in
this State. He said he had been charged in some
of the public journals with being privy to, and
consenting to that proceeding. He neither ad-
vised it, nor had any knowledge of it, until in-
formation of it reached this place, where he waa
at the time.
Mr. GARLAND continued: Sir, I had not
heard that the gentleman from Tennessee was
there, or that he had any agency in getting up
the meeting, nor did I intend to involve him per-
sonally in the inconsistency of those who com-
posed it. If this be a Baltimore convention, and
the same Martin Van Buren, there has been a
most wonderful revolution in the opinions of
those who attended the two meetings. This is
not all, sir; if the sin of the Vice President be
that he is the nominee of the Baltimore conven-
tion, that which is now a sin with the good peo-
ple of Tennessee was a virtue in 1832; for they
almost unanimously voted for his elevation to-
the Vice Presidency, notwithstanding he was
then the nominee of a Baltimore convention.
Sir, gentlemen who employ these arguments
must confide but little in the intelligence and
integrity of the people.
There are many charges which the honorable
gentleman has made, such as proscription, dicta-
tion, &c, which I have neither time nor inclina-
tion to answer, they have been so often urged
and refuted, that it would be useless to under-
take it.
The honorable gentleman thinks it somewhat
singular that the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Evans] should be found advocating any measure
of the Administration. Sir, upon this occasion
it is not singular. Yet, sir, that gentleman said
but little favorable to the Administration; on the
contrary, he reprobated it m no measured terms.
The gentleman also attempts to throw the honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
into the ranks of the Administration, and then
attempts to prejudice the Administration, by al-
leging that the gentleman from Massachusetts is
consistent with himself—that he has not changed
his opinions.   But, sir, is it true that the gentleman
