260
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. Vanderpoel.
Ho. of Reps.
of this House to act against the will of the Pres-
ident; consequently, the President must, in law
and in good sense, be responsible for all the mis-
chief we perpetrate; for the gentleman is lawyer
enough to know, that he who does not prohibit
and prevent mischief when he has it in his power
to prohibit and prevent, is to be considered as
ordering. He has further told us, that the Pres-
ident, with such a majority as he has here, can
effectually decree whether there shall be war or
no war. He had, in truth, been represented as
almost omnipotent; as having, for all practical
purposes, the power of peace and war in his
hands, and that he is now devoting himself to the
▼iews and objects of a favorite successor. These
aregrave charges, and were no doubt well weighed
by the honorable gentleman before they were
made.
That the venerable old man, after enjoying all
the honors that his country can bestow upon him,
should now, in the evening of his days, when
about to return to that retirement from which,
■even years ago, the voice of a grateful people
called him, forget the high duties and responsi-
bilities enjoined upon him by his oa¿h to his God,
and by the Constitution of his country, and pros-
titute his official power and patronage, not to the
good of his country, but to the securing success
to a favorite nominee, is, I humbly conceive, what
a majority of the enlightened and patriotic people
of this country are not yet prepared to believe.
But, sir, it would seem, from the general tenor
of the honorable gentleman's remarks, that he
does not wish to be considered as having entirely
cut loose from the Administration, but that he is
•what the lawyers would call a sort of qualified
rub-modo Jackson man. I have his own definition.
He tells us " that he is a supporter of the Adminis-
tration as to all measures except those which have
sprung from the effort to elect a favorite successor."
Here, sir, I was on the lookout for a specifica-
tion, for an enumeration of all those prominent
measures of the Administration that the honorable
fentleman now dissents from, or those of which
e is willing to be considered the supporter and
champion; but it occurred to me, that instead of
favoring us with anything like a satisfactory
exposition upon this point, he gave us a most
striking specimen of non-committalism. Instead
of telling us what acts and what measures of the
present Administration he supported, he lapsed
off into a labored effort to show the striking
similitude between the acts and principles of the
party supporting the present Administration, and
the acts and principles of the party that supported
the elder Adams in 1798. Indeed, he was willing
to give the authors and supporters of alien and
sedition laws more credit for integrity than he
was disposed to allow to the party now in power.
The former, he told us, were open and honest in
the avowal of their principles, and boldly unfurled
their flag to the world; while the latter, equally
obnoxious in their principles and practices, did
everything (hypocritically, I suppose) " in the
name of Democracy." And closely aa the party
now in power approximates in its practices, its
measures, and its principles, to the party ascend-
ant in '98, yet the honorable gentleman avows
himself a supporter of the Administration thus
sustained by this party as to all measures " except
those which have sprung from the effort to elect a
favorite successor."
And pray what are those measures which have
originated in a design to elect a favorite successor ?
Is it uncompromising hostility to the United States
Bank ? I fancy not. Was the removal of the
deposits one of them? I imagine not, sir; for I
believe that that measure was honored with the
honorable gentleman's vote, though I think his
voice was never raised here in defense of the meas-
ure. During the memorable panic session I had
the pleasure of sitting next to the honorable gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] near the
place which he now occupies; and during that
tremendous and trying conflict, day after day,
week after week, and month after month, was
the President denounced here as a tyrant and
usurper—as trampling under foot the rights of
the widow and the orphan, and where then was
that voice whose querulous notes against the dom-
inant party ore now so constantly ringing through
our ears ? Where then was the eloquent and po-
tential voice of the distinguished gentleman who
then represented the Hermitage district ? Sir, if
my memory serves me correctly, it was, for all
the purposes of vindication, mute ai the grave, and
much to the wonderment of many gentlemen!
Let no one infer from this course of remark, that
I cherish any unkind feelings personally towards
the honorable gentleman. He has always, both
personally and officially, treated me with kindness,
and I am not, therefore, personally unfriendly
to him; but after he has so unsparingly arraigned
the acts and the principles of that political party
of which I am an humble member, he will not
surely take umbrage should any gentleman deal
out in return " measure fur measure."
The burden of the honorable gentleman's com-
plaint is, that the President has vast power and
patronage; that this immense power and patron-
age are dangerous to the liberty of the people;
and that he is now applying much of this power
and patronage to the objects of a favorite suc-
cessor.
Sir, these mournful ditties, about the dangers
and abuses of executive power and patronage,
whether they come from the President's open ene-
mies, or his sub-mado friends, have ceased to shake
the nerves of a majority of your enlightened peo-
ple. "Our country is about to be ruined—our
country is about to be ruined," by executive
power and patronage, and executive blunders and
abuses, has been the standing cry of all opposi-
tions to the Democracy of the country from the
inauguration of Mr. Jefferson to the present day.
When you passed your embargo and non-inter-
course laws, how loud was the vociferation, from
every quarter of the land, " our country will be
ruined.'" When you declared war against Great
Britain, to vindicate if not to reassert your inde-
pendence as a nation, how loud, how astounding,
was the cry " our country will be ruined .'" When
you so lately strangled that colossal institution
which threatened the destruction of popular lib-
erty, and which, before it was out of its teens,
was almost powerful enough to ride triumphantly
over the Government of the people, how loud,
how lugubrious then the panic note," our country
will be ruined .'"
These prophets of woe have doled out their
jeremiads over prospective ruin and desolation
ever since I have had any knowledge of the polit-
ical history of this country; and yet, sir, our
country is not ruined; your people are more happy,
free, and prosperous than any people that the
world has ever seen; never were you more pros-
perous at home, or more respected abroad, than
you have been, and now are, under the auspices
of that administration which is said to have
brought so many curses upon the land. Sir, this
continual falsification of prophecies by events, this
eternal cry of " mod dog, mad dog," is calculated
to induce a spirit of indifference when the real
hydrophobia animal makes his appearance. It
seems, indeed, that this dread of executive power
and executive patronage has become a disease, a
monomania, which unnecessarily disturbs the
slumbers of some gentlemen. It has been the
standing theme of minorities ever since the foun-
dation of your Government. It is natural that it
should be so; for it is not only the propensity
but the privilege of all minorities to fret and
scold, just as natural as it is for the unlucky and
aspiring outs to wage war against the more for-
tunate INS.
Sir, we have had from the honorable gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] a most appalling
picture of the abuses and enormities of the party
now in power. We have been told that it is diffi-
cult, if not impossible, for the majority in this
House to resist the influence of the Executive;
and then it most clearly results, as before stated,
that the Executive is to be held responsible tot
all the abuses and corruptions so forcibly dwelt
upon by the honorable gentleman. He has told
us, with all the vehemence of impassioned elo-
quence, that the press has been corrupted; that
your State Legislatures have been transformed
and prostituted into the mere creatures of Exec-
utive will; that new offices have been created, and
salaries paid, without the authority of law; that
the whole Treasury of the country has been sub-
jected to the will and control of the President;
that the money of the nation has been brought to
bear upon elections; that the Senate has been ex-
punged; and last, though not least, that the coun-
try has been most grossly and culpably deceived
as to the great question of peace and war with
France; that its commerce has been crippled,
and that its fears have been most unnecessarily
alarmed. From the somber picture given us by
the gentleman, a stranger entering yonder gallery
would have inferred that Pandora's box had been
opened upon this devoted country, and that cor-
ruption in its most hideous and loathsome form
was stalking through the land, if not by the pro-
curement, at least by the toleration, of Andrew
Jackson!
I would here ask, and I hope it will not be
deemed impertinent by any one, when did the
honorable gentleman first make discovery of this
mighty train of abuses which he has portrayed
to us ? When did his vision first break upon this
black catalogue of abominations, the recital of
which occupied him four days ? According to his
account, they were too full grown, too gigantic,
and too multifarious, to be the growth of a day,
a week, or a year. It must have taken years to
have brought them to the almost plethoric and
bursting maturity in which he has exhibited
them. His eagle eye, his well known sagacity,
must have discovered their first buddings—their
iscipient stages; and where, then, was the " lion
heart" to impel him to sound most seasonably the
tocsin of alarm ? Sir, I admire the sentinel who
sees quickly, and fires early; not him who waits
till the enemy enters the heart of the citadel, and
then acquits his conscience by pouring out his
anathemas over the desolations which the foe has
wrought, and the enormities he has perpetrated.
The gentleman, no doubt, means what he says,
when he tells us that he is, in some measure, the
friend of the Administration; but after the exposé
he has given us of the estimation in which he
holds most of the acts and principles of the Ad-
ministration, he must permit me, in reference to
such friends, to exclaim, with Laocoon, " Timeo
Dañaos." Thegentleman'sclassicalreminiscenses
will enable him to supply the residue of the line.
But a very small portion of the honorable gen-
tleman's speech was devoted to the question
raised by his motion, and which is the only
question fairly under discussion. His genius
was too erratic, too exuberant, to be confined to
the little point immediately under consideration.
This point was but a small speck in the wide
ocean of matter over which he deemed it profit-
able to roam. The majority on this floor was
most severely lectured both for its sins of omis-
sion and commission. It was said that discussion
has been stifled—that we fear discussion, and
try to prevent it; and that awful bugbear, the
"previous question," has received its full share
of pelting in the course of this discussion. Gen-
tlemen need not lay the "flattering unction to
their souls" that we fear their speeches. We
are, perhaps, not quite as strong believers in the
magical influence of speeches as some other gen-
tlemen; for we believe that the people determine
the merits of their servants not by their " speeches,"
but by their acts. We had a fine specimen of the
potency of speeches two years ago, when it was
so confidently foretold that your canals would
soon be "a solitude, and your lakes a desert
waste of waters." The evanescent influence of
speeches was triumphantly shown by the prompt-
ness and facility with which a discriminating and
indignant people averted the blight with which
the never-to-be-forgotten panic-makers of that
day attempted to blast all their prosperity.
But is it true that gentlemen here who belong
to the minority have unreasonably and arbitra-
rily been prevented from making their speeches ?
Who have made most of the pamphlet book set
speeches since the commencement of this session?
Certainly not the majority. The minority have
made and published more than three times as
many voluminous set pamphlet speeches as the
majority; and all candid gentlemen will bear me
witness that gentlemen of the minority have con-
sumed their full share of the time and attention
of this House in the incidental debates that have
sprung up since our session commenced. Gentle-
