262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. Vanderpoel.
Ho. of Reps.
to meet any deficit which such immediate re-
duction might hereafter occasion' Or, 2d Shall
we recommend an amendment of your Constitu-
tion, so as to authorize the distribution of this
surplus among the States' Or, 3d. Shall we apply
this fund to the purposes of securing permanent
defenses for your country, to the erection and
armament of your foitifications, and to the increase
of your Navy'
1.  To the first proposition, that of reducing
your revenue and securing this fund for any con-
tingent deficit to resultfromsuch reduction,an ob-
jection will readily occur to every íeflecting mind.
It would vwlate the compact involved %n your com-
promise act of 1833. The instability of your legis-
lation has already become too proverbial; calcu-
lations made under it, or in reference to it, have
already too often been frustrated by the fickle
■pint of change, sometimes misnamed " improve-
ment." The act of 1833 was made in a spirit of
compromise between two great and important in-
terests which agitated this country to its center;
and I would deprecate, as fatal to that quietude
•which that healing act produced, a spirit here that
would prematurely molest any of its vital pro-
visions. Let southern gentlemen beware how
they listen or yield to any suggestions to disturb
any of the radical provisions of this act. I am
not, I never have been, the advocate of ultra, of
most extravagant tariffs. The district which I
hare the honor to represent, is second in manu-
facturing interest to scarcely any in the State
•which gave me birth. I know the feelings, the
aspirations, of many of the manufacturers of the
North. Like every other great interest, it em-
braces both reasonable and unreasonable men.
There are those, and only a few, I trust, whom
you can hardly satisfy with any measure of pro-
tection short of a total exclusion of the manu-
factures of the Old World, who, do for them what
you please, would still assail your ears with the
horse-leech cry of " Gne,gwe us more protection."
At present, sir, there is an abiding feeling among
a large proportion, if not a majority of the north-
ern people, that there was a time when the advo-
cates of inordinate protecting duties pushed their
claims to an unreasonable extent. Their senti-
ment is, that the North should not disturb the
compromise bill, and if the South should violate
or disturb any of the terms of this adjustment,
they would do it at the risk of losing much of
that repugnance to exorbitant tariffs which is now
a growing sentiment at the North. Gentlemen
will therefore seriously pause and look to conse-
quences before they attempt to interfere with the
present tariff of duties on protected articles, and
thus disturb the settlement of those great interests
•which was wrought by the famous compromise
act of 1833. Cut this subject loose, and set this
whole matter adrift again, and there is no telling,
sir, which section of the country would be the
gainer and which the loser. Every great interest
of our country is nowprospeious, and to attempt
to elevate the one above the other, would be un-
wise, unjust, and faithless xn the extreme. The
voice of wisdom proclaims to us upon this sub-
ject—" Leave well enough alone "
2.  Your tariff is not to be disturbed. Are you
prepared, in the neKt place, to amend your Con-
stitution, in oider to enable you to distribute your
surplus revenue among the States of this Union'
Independently of the objections to this scheme
that will readily occur to eveiy intelligent mind,
and at which I will merely glance presently,
there are considerations which render this unpre-
cedented, and now unconstitutional, remedy un-
necessary. Do gentlemen recollect that the head
of your fiscal department tells you that, under
the operation of your compromise bill, you will
not hereafter íeahze much, if any, surplus reve-
nue, especially if you reduce or wholly abolish
the duties upon some articles of foreign produc-
tion, which you should do, because you can do
it without at all violating the spirit of the com-
promise of 1833' The abolition duties on wines
and silks fronj beyond the Cape of Good Hope,
would alone work a reduction of over six hun-
dred thousand dollars; other articles might be
selected so as to reduce the revenue flowing from
your customs more than a million of dollars,
without at all violating that principle of protec-
tion till the year 1842, which was recognized by
the act to which I have so often alluded; and if
you were to make reasonable and hbeial appro-
priations for objects of public defense, and make
such a modification of your tariff of duties as
you could do, without prejudicing articles that
require protection, and which were intended to
be protected by the act of 1833, it is more than
probable that your surplus revenue would not
hereafter accumulate to such an extent as to jus-
tify the extreme remedy of amending your Con-
stitution, contended for by some gentlemen here
In corroboiation of this view, I would remind the
committee that we have been told, by authority
upon which we are bound to place great reliance,
that after 1842, when the last and most foi mid-
able reduction is to be made under the act of 1833,
the diminution of your customs will be between
five and six millions of dolíais in that single year,
and then the revenue from customs, as we are
told, will be $9,000,000 instead of $17,000,000
In this view of the future, sir, I am fortified by
the fact, that we can hardly expect that the im-
portation of dutiable goods in 1836 will be equal
to the importations of 1835. The importations
during the last year were unusually large, in con-
sequence of the apprehension of a rupture with
Prance. So also in regard to your public lands.
It cannot reasonably be expected that your reve-
nue from them will, in the present yeai, be equal
to what they were in the last. Immense quanti-
ties of the public lands have lately gone into the
hands of speculators, who have purchased very
large tracts. These will be in market, leady to
compete with the Government in supplying the
wants of the actual settler. It should be lecol-
lected, besides, that the sale of the Chickasaw
lands has been postponed to the present year,
and the proceeds of them must be invested for
the benefit of the Indians. In this view of the
certain past and the probable future, is it not un-
wise now to adopt the desperate expedient of
amending your Constitution, so as to authorize
the distribution of your surplus treasuie for six
years to come'
Sir, the disease ought indeed to be desperate,
befme youadoptthisnew,thishazardousremedy.
Arguments, almost irresistible, will occur to every
reflecting mind, against the untried scheme of
making this great central Government the tax
gatherer/ om, and the revenue dispenser to, the
different members of this Confedeiaoy The plan
of taxing the people with one hand, and paying
it back with the other, has at least the chai m of
novelty. And when you see deducted, first the
expense of collecting it, and then the expense-of
paying it back into the handc of your citizens, it
will be very apt to occur to almost everybody
that it would have been much better to have left
it in the pockets of the people. But this view of
the subject does not exhibit the strongest argu-
ment against this scheme. What, sir, would be
the consequence if you were to distribute, for
any number of yeais, a surplus among the States,
adequate to the support of the State governments'
She States would at once repeal all laws imposing
direct taxes upon their people, and then it might
be found in many of the States quite difficult to
make them consent to taxation again
We all know, sn, that indirect taxation is the
most quiet and insidious mode of picking the
pockets of the people. They know, because they
see, as well as feel, the terrois of the direct tax-
gatherer; while the horror of your custom-house
officers are neither seen nor comparatively felt
by them. This resource for the support of your
State governments, or for works of interal im-
provement, under the direction of your States,
could not tail to weaken the attachment of your
people to your State governments, and tend most
powerfully to what all lovers of their country
would deprecate, consolidation. Pour upon them
the largesses contemplated by this new scheme,
of being liberal to them with their own money,
and they would be constantly throwing back
"manya longing, lingering, affectionate look," to
that great cent) al Federal benefactor, which had
so long lavished upon them treasures of their own
contribution. This ill-founded attachment of the
people to the generai, at the expense of the requi-
site affection for then State governments, is,
surely, a result which all patriots would deplore.
I giant, sir, that this scheme of dividing the sur-
plus revenue among the States, is not a novel
one. It was piopos>ed in the other branch of the
Legislature in lb29, and found vuy little favor
then. The honorable gentleman fiom Viijfiina
[Mr. Robertson] has read an oxtiact fiom Pits-
ldent Jackson's message of 1829, to show that
his opinions have changed upon this, subject since
that period This encumbtance, were it so, would
not affect my course; but if the Prisidtnt has
changed his views upon tins subject, other gen-
tlemen, with whom it is the pride of the honor-
able gentleman fiom Viigmia to act, have also
changed tfceirs. It was in the South, where the
plan, when first started, found its most decided
and uncompromising enemies, and it is not a
little surprising that it should now be exhumated
by those who then killed and buried it
3 You will not, you should not íeduce your
tariff of duties, so as to violate the principles of
your compromise act You will not yet adopt
the extieme remedy of dividing your surplus rev-
enue among the States; what, then, will you do ?
What have you been admonished to do by the
recent signs of the times ' I answer, extend your
system of fortifications, and increase your navy, and
for these great and patriotic objects you will re-
quire the whole of your surplus revenue, as well
that now on hand as that which will accrue be-
tween this period and the year 1842.
But it has been contended in the course of this
debate that, in the distribution of the bounties of
this Government, the South has been most un-
justly and cruelly neglected. The investigation
which I have been able to bestow upon this point
has satisfied me that gentlemen who have urged
this position have (unintentionally no doubt)
taken too partial a view of the matter, and have
run into very great errors. Bat before I under-
take to show this, I will observe that equality of
disbursement throughout the conntry, when exe-
cuting the duty of putting the country in a state
of defense, is wholly impiacticable without totally
losing sight of the inquiry, what is expedient, and
what is necessary'
The Constitution imposes it as an incumbent
duty on Congress to provide for the "common
defense." Suppose nature has fortified one sec-
tion of your sea-board with a bold and inaccessible
shoie, and left the other easy of access, or sup-
pose she has effectually guarded one section
against the approach of an enemy, with bars, and
shoals, and sand banks, must all sections, thus
differently circumstanced, share in the bounty
of the Government for the purposes of public
defense' If this be so, then indeed have we very
strange duties to perfoim under this Constitution
of ours, then aie we undei obligation to expend
as much foi defending our weak as our strong
points The whole body is to be taken care of
anddefended. Onemember ísdiseasedand sickly;
it requires your special caie, pains, and expense,
to restore it to health and vigor. Now, sir, ac-
coiding to  the argument which I am combating,
in order to do justice to the whole body, you
must btstow equal expense upon every other
membei This is a species of logic that will
hardly be deemed sound by any one If put into
practical opeiation, it would conduce to a system
of log-rolling that would disgrace, if not ruin, the
countiy
But, is it true, sir, that this Government has
been so partial in the dispensation of its caie and
protection, and in the distribution of its bounties,
foi the puiposes of national defense' The dis-
cussion hitherto has embraced all species of ex-
penditures that come undei the head of " national
déjense," fortifications, navy-yards, arsenals, and
eveiy other object of expéndame. I will, in
imitation of the example which has been set me,
say a few words about oui expenditures for forti-
fications. This great branch of expenditure cer-
tainly exhibits anything but the fact that the
South has been overlooked or neglected.
In 1821, the House of Representatives, by res-
olution, called upon the Secretary of War for a
general plan of defense, and adesignation of forts.
From this, resulted the offer of apian in 1821, of
fortification for the whole maritime coast, from
Georgia to Boston. It may be found in the very
able repoit of the board of engineers, at the head
of which was General Bernard, among the Exec-
utive documents of 1821     It embraced between
