1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. Vanderpoel.
Ho. or Reps.
eighty and ninety forts upon that part of the coast
extending from Savannah to Boston. And here,
it is not amiss to inquire when, and under whose
administration of the War Department, it was that
this liberal scheme originated. It was at a time !
of profound peace; when, instead of a plethoric
Treasury and millions of surplus, we owed a na-
tional debt of many millions of dollars. It was
under the auspices too of a distinguished gentle-
man, then at the head of the War Department,
[Mr. Calhoun,] who would now, it seems, rather
than complete the system of defense then ap-
proved if not projected by him, divide your sur-
plus revenue among the States. It may be well,
too, to bring to the recollection of the committee
the patriotic doctrines maintained by the Presi-
dent of the United States in those days, when we
had neither the same means nor inducements to
make liberal expenditures forthepurposes of pub-
lic defense, that the presen t crisis exhibits. Pres-
ident Monroe concluded his annual message of
December, 1822, with the following just and pa-
triotic sentiments:
" Unprovoked injuries are often inflicted, and
• even the peculiar felicity of our situation might,
' with some, be a cause for excitement and aggres-
' sion. The history of the late wars in Europe
1 furnishes a complete demonstration that no sys-
■ tern of conduct, however correct in principle,
«can protect neutral Powers from injury from
1 any party; that a defenseless position, and a
' distinguished love of peace are the surest invita-
' tions to war, and that there is no way to avoid
' it other than being prepared and willing, .for
'just cause, to meet it.    If there be a people on
• earth whose most especial duty it is to be at all
' times prepared to defend the rights with which
■ they are blessed, and to surpass all others in
• sustaining the necessary burdens, and in sub-
■  milling to sacrifices, to make sueh preparations,
' it is undoubtedly the people of these States.
'The United States owe to the world a great
' example, and, by means thereof, to the cause
«of liberty and humanity a generous support.
' They have so far succeeded to the satisfaction
« of the virtuous and enlightened of every country.
' There is no reason to doubt that their whole
' movement will be regulated by a sacred regard
' to principle, all our institutions being founded
■ ' on that basis. The ability to support our own
■ cause under any trial to which it may be exposed,
' is the great point on which the public solicitude
' rests. It has been often charged against free
' Governments that they have neither the fore-
' sight nor the virtue to provide at the proper
' season for great emergencies; that their course
'is improvident and expensive; that war will
'always find them unprepared; and, whatever
' may be its calamities, that its terrible warnings
' will be disregarded and forgotten as soon as
• peace returns. I have full confidence that this
' charge, so far as relates to the United States,
«will be shown to be utterly destitute of truth."
If this was the language of truth and wisdom
when it was uttered, when we were incumbered
with a heavy national debt, when we had had no
*ery recent prospect of a conflict with any other
nation, how much more authoritative should it
now be, when we have millions of surplus treas-
ure on hand, and when we have so lately been
threatened with a war with one of the most pow-
erful nations of Europe ? How many forts have
been finished since our last war with Great Brit-
ain? The principal engineer has been kind enough
to furnish me with a fist, from which it appears
that eleven forts have been completed, and that
thirteen are now in a course of construction; the
cost of finishing which, according to the estimate
which has been furnished me, will be, $3,535,815
The fortifications that have thus been
finished, have cost...............    4,072,934
Expenses already incurred for those
under construction..............    6,305,779
Total expended for fortifications since
the year 1816...................#10,378,713
Other gentlemen have furnished us with state-
ments that are fallacious. They include arsenals
and ordnance, and thus, probably, swell the
(mount to some twelve or thirteen millions of
dollars; and when 1 come to tell, sir, where these
forts are located, and what amount has been ex-
pended for each, I apprehend that no gentleman
will deny that, in relation to fortifications at least,
this Government has been extremely liberal to
the South; that the South ought to be the last
section of the country to utter complaints.
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Bell] told us that if we went as extensively into
a system of fortifications as now seemed to be
contemplated by the friends of the Administra-
tion, you would require a standing army of
twenty or thirty thousand men—that this force
would be necessary to garrison all the forts. The
head of the engineer department has also fur-
nished me with the number of men necessary to
garrison as well the forts that have been com-
pleted as those which are in a course of construc-
tion. According to this statement, there will be
necessary to garrison the eleven forts finished, in
time of peace, five hundred and fifty men ; in war,
four thousand six hundred and thirty men. For
the thirteen forts now under way, there will be
necessary, in time of peace, one thousand eight
hundred men, and in war fifteen thousand seven
hundred and sixty-five men. I have the authority
of the able .board of engineers, who made the re-
port of 1821, to say that your garrisons might
consist of the same number of regular troops in
time of war as in time of peace, and that the re-
mainder might be furnished by the militia, held
in readiness to throw themselves into the forts
on the first approach of an enemy, so that a large
standing army in time of peace to garrison your
forts is not necessary. No one can read the able
report of General Bernard and others in 182],,
without being struck with the immense economy
and saving, both of blood and treasure, that would
result from numerous fortifications along your
coast in time of war. In the event of a war with
one of the great maritime Powers of Europe, it
seems that without forts it would be necessary,
in order to defend New Orleans, Norfolk, Balti-
more, Philadelphia, New York, and Narraganset
bay, (only six places,) to maintain sixty-seven
thousand men encamped and under arms, and
fifty-three thousand ready to march, and within
call. According to the estimate made,these sixty-
seven thousand would cost, in a campaign of six
months, sixteen millions seven hundred and fifty
thousand dollars, more than enough to construct
the fortifications necessary for the above places,
since the amount necessary to construct works at
the above places was, according to the report of
1821, only a little over eleven millions of dollars.
" By these means," says the report above-men-
tioned, " two thousand seven hundred and twenty
' regulars and twenty-one thousand militia, either
' in tbeforts or in small corps, upon advantageous
' positions, would suffice after the erection of these
' works, and we should have only twenty-three
' thousand seven hundred and twenty-men to pay
' and support instead of sixty-seven thousand.
«The difference ($11,092,000) being about equal to
' the estimated expense of the forts, it follows that
' the cost of their erection will be compensated by
' the saving they make in a single campaign of
' six months." Do not such facts and such con-
siderations plead eloquently in favor of the plan
ofliberally extending our system of fortifications?
A word more, sir, about this alleged injustice
to the South. In order to determine whether
there is any foundation for the charge in regard
to fortifications, it is proper to inquire where your
forts have been located. I mean those which
have been constructed according to the tables to
which I have referred. From these tables ..fur-
nished by the Chief Engineer, it appears that of
the eleven forts finished, two are in the harbor of
New York, and the other nine are in the southern
States; that for fortifications that have been fin-
ished, there has been expended for those located
in the southern States the formidable sum of
$3,275,393; and for the two in New York harbor,
and being the only two in the northern States in
the list indicating those finished, the sum of only
$797,541. Of the thirteen forts now under con-
struction, seven are in the southern, and six in
the northern States. Upon those located in the
southern States there has already been expended
the sum of $4,804,374. Upon those in the north-
ern Sutes $1,451,405.
I have not, sir, instituted these comparisons
from any disposition to find fault with what has
been done. No, sir. If the southern sea-board
had required fortifications, ns it doubtless did, it
is right that your forts were located then-. But
is it not surprising that the honorable gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Thompson,] in the
ingenious and eloquent speech witli which he
favored us, should have overlooked this marked
liberality of this Government in the expenditure
of its treasure to the southern section of the
Union? The remarks of the honorable gentle-
man were, no doubt, the offspring of pure and
patriotic intention, and of affection for that Union
which all should regard as the certain means
of national and individual prosperity; but what
effects do arguments like that addressed to us
by the honorable gentleman from South Carolina
naturally produce? Sir, they can only serve to
render the southern people more discontented
with their political condition, and to impress
them with the belief that this national Govern-
ment is, to them, a curse rather than a blessing.
The South, the " magnanimous" South, " the
forbearing," the prosperous South, which has
been represented to us as the "great well-spring"
from which almost all our national treasure flows;
the " neglected" South has been the subject of
most unmeasured eulogy by the honorable gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Thompson.]
I inferred, from the gentleman's details of expendi-
ture at the South, that the " Old Dominion" was
not intended to be embraced by his designation
of " the South." I suppose that since the passage
of her expunging resolutions, her geographical
position has been changed, and that no relation-
ship is now acknowledged by the sovereign State
of South Carolina. Sir, I would not attempt to
abate or detract from any of the honor and glory
that legitimately belong to the South. She is
proud, chivalrous, and animated by a lofty spirit
of independence. She has produced: her full quota,
of good and great men to bless and adorn the
nation; but let not gentlemen, in jusdee to their
own understandings, imagine that all the patriot-
ism, all the chivalry, all the wealth, all the enter-
prise, and all the means of producing national
revenue, are monopolized by any particular sec-
tion of this country. If the North, sir, is not
loud here in the trumpeting of her own fame or
the annunciation of her wealth, her resources,
and her improvements, let not gentlemen suppose
that she is therefore less the fair subject of praise.
If her sons on this floor have been taught that
there is a State egotism as well as an individual
egotism, and that the one is about as obnoxious
to the lovers of a correct taste as the other, gen-
tlemen may, perhaps, in some measure, be able
to account for the unfrequency with which the
praises of the North are here echoed. If we, too,
have our " well-springs," we are content to enjoy
them, without parading them to the world. If,
sir, we were the first to embark in and accomplish
works of enterprise which do honor, not only to
the nation, but to the age in which we live, we
consider it no part of our duty to sing our own
hosannas here. If, in every part of New York
and New England, we could boast a system of
common schools, of elementary instruction, which
imparts education to the poorest and the humblest,
and fits them for free government; if there we
could behold everywhere the evidences of pros-
perity in the excellence of roads, the neatness of
dwellings, the productiveness of fields, the tasto
and Cleanliness of villages, the rapid growth and
astonishing number of cities, and the indications
of religion and refinement in thousands of altars
dedicated to God, we would feel a secret and
innate satisfaction in the contemplation and frui-
tion of these blessings, but would deem it no
part of our duty to make any ostentatious exhi-
bition of them here. Have we cause for such
satisfaction ?   Let the impartial who have visited
us answer.                                  , .     •
Gentlemen who urge the objection to appro-
priations, that your public treasure is not equally
disbursed through the country, do not correctly
estimate the feelings that unite, or should unite,
the patriotic citizens of this Confederacy. Money
expended for the defense of Kentucky or Mis-
souri is, in a national point of view, money ex-
pended for the benefit of the freemen whom I
have the honor to represent.   Let a foreign foe
