1S36Y)
APPENLHX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Maritime Defenses—Mr. Jarvis.
Ho. or Reps.
balance under the head of ordnance and ordnance
stores. The amount applicable for the service of
the year was $32,745 72. The amount expended
was only (12,809 67; the reason for which was,
that the gunpowder, which had been furnished on
contract, did not stand the severe tests required
by the Navy Commissioners, and proposals had
to be issued anew, under which the powder has
not yet been furnished, though contracted for.
The second reason of the gentleman for opposing
the progress of this bill was, that we had no
account of what part had been expended of the
sum which was voted last year for the repairs in
the Portsmouth navy-yard—the enormous sum
cf $4,000! Really, sir, this looks too much like
trifling. The gentleman is ready to vote the
public treasure with an unsparing hand, to furnish
a capital for his mercantile friends in New York,
but not a cent will he vote for repairs of navy-
yards, until he has the proof that the unconscion-
able sum of $4,000 has been judiciously expended
" in mending windows, replacing slates upon the
roofs,stopping leaks," &c. Sir.it is the business
of the Auditors to settle accounts, and to them
we had better leave it.
The gentleman from South Carolina {Mr.
Thompson] rose apparently with a predetermin-
ation to find fault with everything emanating
from the Administration. He began with de-
nouncing as most extraordinary the manner in
which this bill was introduced. Sir, I have al-
ready stated that it was introduced in the usual
manner, and I challenge any gentleman to prove
the contrary. He then objects to the bill for be-
ing in dribblets. What would the gentleman
have? Does he wish that we should vote at once
the sums which may, in a series of years, be
expended in each of the aayy-yards? Sir, it
would be in vain to attempt to please any person
who is resolved upon being displeased. To make
our navy-yards what they ought to be would re-
quire an appropriation ten times as great as the
present estimates. Suppose such a bill had been
introduced, and I ask what would have been the
language of that gentleman and of those who act
!with hun? We should have heard the changes
rung upon bribery,corruption, and extravagance,
and wasteful •expenditure, in good set phrases,;
and the Administration would have been asked,
and very pertinently too, why it deviated from
the beaten track in asking for greater appropria-
tions than it, was possible to expend during the
year?
The gentleman «ays that the .appropriations
are not fairly distributed, and his observations
are calculated to produce a state of irritation at
the South, by instilling the very unfounded sus-
picion that justice has not been done to that sec-
tion of the United States in the expenditure of the
revenue. In order to establish this position, he
is reduced to the necessity of making a novel
.and somewhat remarkable division of the United
.States. The twelve Atlantic States, from Maine
.to Virginia, inclusive, he calls the North Atlantic;
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and
.the eastern shore of- Florida, to Cape Sable, he
calls the South Atlantic; and from Cape Sable to
the Sabine, he denominates the Gulf district. He
considers Maryland and Virginia unworthy to be
classed with South Carolina. He has cast them
.off front the South, and has joined them to the
-eastern and middle States. Sir, I accept the
.division. The eastern arid middle States are
ready and willing to be classed with the ancient
.dominion; her services in the early days of our
Republic, in the days of trial and peril, can never
be forgotten; we take pride in her great men of
those days, and we claim them as the common
.property of our country. The gentleman has
.divided the Slates to suit his purposes; but will
-taey stay divided? Will North Carolina suffer
herself to be cut off from her old associates?—
North Carolina, whose conduct as a member of
this Confederacy, is a model for the imitation of
.the other States; contented, magnanimous, mod-
crate in her demands, and never urging them
with importunity; neitherrash.norboisterous,nor
impetuous, nor vain-glorious, she vaunts not her-
self; and, satisfied with her honorable rank among
her sister States, looks calmly down upon the
turbulence of her southern neighbor. Will she
give herconsent to this arbitrary division? Never,
sir, never! Is there any greater hope of Georgia?
Ask her Representatives, and they will tell you
it is equally forlorn. Even Florida disclaims all
wish to avail herself of the invidious partition.
She complains not of partiality; she declares,
through her Delegate, that she is satisfied with
the treatment she has received from her eastern
friends, she asks not for such help, nor such
defenders. What, then, has become of this
southern Atlantic division ? Renounced by North
Carolina, repudiated by Georgia, rejected by
Florida; what is there left of it? In the expressive
phraseology of the West, there is left hardly a
grease spot!
In order to make out ¿is charge of partiality in
the expenditure of the'revenue, the gentleman
from South Carolina gives to the North Atlantic
all the expenditures for the Navy. Is it come to
this ? Is the Navy, for the purposes of party, to
be made a sectional concern ? Does the honor,
which radiates from our flag wherever the stars
and stripes are seen to float, belong exclusively
to the North ? Are the skill, and the valor, and
the illustrious deeds of our small but truly gallant
Navy the pride and the property of only the north-
ern portion of the Confederacy ? Is the respect
which the renown of that Navy has inspired for
the United States, wherever-waves can waf\or
winds blow, a sectional concern? Sir, the gen-
tleman from South Carolina may refuse to claim
any portion for his State, but I trust she will not
regard him as a faithful Representative, in this
particular,.of her opinions or her feelings; and
sure I am that there is not another State in the
Union that will be willing to relinquish its share
of the imperishable glory which that Navy, com-
mon to us all, cherished by us all, has shed over
the whole United States! Sir, upon examination
of the Navy Register, 1 find that, there, is- not a
State or Territory which has not contributed
officers to the naval service^ and where are pur
ships employed ? At the North?. No, sir! upon
the shores ofthe gulf frontier, of the United States;
in the West Indies; in the Mediterranean; on the
coasts of Brawl and Africa; in the Pacific, and in
the East Indies; everywhere projecting oar com-
merce, giving security to one mariners, and ex-
tending the name- and the fame of our -country.
With what propriety, then, can the appropriation
for our Navy be called a sectional appropriation?
Then, sir, there are the expenses of the five re-
cruiting stations which are to be charged against
the North. These are established at Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Norfolk. And
where else, let me ask, should they be placed ?
They are placed in those ports where most sea-
men are tp be found for the service of the Navy,
and it would be idle to place them elsewhere.
Of what avail would it be to have a recruiting
station at Charleston or Pensacola, where, out of
six thousand seven hundred and six seamen who
were registered in the different ports of the Uni-
ted States, only forty-seven- were registered at
Charleston, and only twenty-three at Pensacola?
Another reason for not shipping our seamen at
these ports, if indeed another reason were want-
ing, is equally conclusive. It is, that the wages
of seamen in the South are so high, that it would
be inconsistent with economy to ship them; for
it would be impossible to procure them at the rate
which is paid in the northern Atlantic ports. Sir,
while the complaint was fresh upon, the lips of
the gentleman from South Carolina, a letter was
received at the Navy Department from the com-
mandant of the navy-yard at Pensacola, giving
information that, in consequence of slave labor
being at seventeen dollars, he could not procure
seamen for twelve dollars the month,i (the price
allowed in the Navy,) and asking leave to pro-
cure them at the former price.
And while upon the subject of wages, permit
me to notice the position taken by the gentleman
from South Carolina—that, in consequence of the
cheapness of slave labor, the expense of ship
building is much less at the South than at the
North. Sir, according to the old saying, " an
ounce of practice is worth a pound of theory."
An experiment was made of the cost of building
at our several ports. The John Adams was built
at Charleston, and the Adams was built at New
York. These vessels were of the same size.
The cost of the former was $1X3,505 72, and the
cost of the latter was $76,622 27; the expense of
the Charleston vessel exceeding that of the New
York vessel $36,883 45. The frigate Philadelphia
was built at Philadelphia, and cost $179,549; the
frigate Chesapeake was built at Norfolk and cost
$220,677. These frigates were of equal size, and
the difference of cost in favor of the northern
frigate was $41,128. The frigate President, which
was built at New York, was four hundred tons
larger than the Chesapeake, and cost only $233
more. The comparison in every instance is in
favor of building at the North; and yet we are
to be told that economy requires that we should
build at the South.
The result was the same in the construction of
the docks at Norfolk and Boston. These docks
are of the same size, and are built of the same
materials; the one in Boston cost, in round num-
bers, $677,000, and the dock at Norfolk cost
$950,000. I am aware that a part of this differ-
ence may have arisen from difference in the cost
of materials, from greater difficulty in excavation,
and in preparing the bottom of the dock for the
reception of the masonry; but certainly a fair
object of comparison is the cost of the labor in
the masonry of the two docks. The labor in the
masonry of the dock at Boston cost $123,502 60,
and at Norfolk $201,816 79, or sixty-three per
cent. more. «Soon after I had become acquainted
with the /act of this great difference, I had aa
opportunity of asking the cause of it of the able
engineer under whose superintendence both docks
were constructed.• He told me it was because
more work was done for the same money at the
North; that though the nominal price of labor
was less at Norfolk than at Boston, yet the dif-
ference in the amount of labor performed was
much greater in favor of the latter.
_ The gentleman complains of the Administra-
tion because a dry dock has not been constructed
at Pensacola,and insists that authority was given
for this purpose nine years ago. Sir, authority
was given at that time to the President by law,
viz: en March 3,1827, to cause two dry-docks
to be constructed—one to the north, and the other
to the south of the Potomac; and in the exercise
of the discretion confided to him, the navy-yards
of Charlestown, near Boston, and of Gosport,
near Norfolk—the latter being the extreme point
of our coast towards the south where there was
water sufficient for our Urge ships—were selected
for the sites, of the two docks, which were begun
in 1827, and finished in 1833; and the require-
ments of the law were thus complied with. Upon
what ground, then, does the gentleman assert
that authority exists for constructing a dry-dock
at Pensacola? He tells us, with a sneer, that the
Navy Department appears to be ignorant of this
.fact; and well may it be so, for no such fact
exists.
Not only, sir, were there no instructions given
by Congress for the construction of a dock at
Pensacola, but it is also evident that no such in-
tention existed; for, in the very law to which I
have referred, and in the next section to that
which authorizes the two docks which have been
built, we find this authority is given to the Pres-
ident: " to cause the necessary examinations and
• inquiries to be made, to ascertain the practica-
• bility and expediency of erecting a marine rail-
« way for the repair of sloops of war and other
* vessels of an inferior class, at Pensacola; a'nd
«if it should appear from such isquiry and ex-
' aroination, that such railway would be useful to
♦ the Navy, and can be constructed at a reason-
« able expense, that he cause the same to be con-
« structei." Now, is it not apparent from this
section, that it did not enter into the intention of
Congress to have Pensacola selected for one of
the dry-docks? Congress was too wise trJ under-
take a work of that magnitude where there was
not sufficient water to float our large vessels; but
as there was sufficient water for our sloops, and
other vessels of an inferior class, provision was
made for a railway upon which they might be
Will it be asked why this has not been done ?
The answer is, that, under an eastern President
and under a Secretary of the Navy from the mid-
dle States, the necessary inquiries and examina-
tions were instituted; but then came a change of
administration, the Secretary from the North
