274
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 7,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Cushman.
Ho. of Reps.
reach a navy-yard where they can undergo requi- ¡
site repairs? My belief is that a wise and intel-
ligent individual would not so manage his own
concerns; why, then, should the Government
pursue such a course of conduct? If an intelli-
gent merchant would not unnecessarily sail a
vessel a thousand miles for repairs, when he
could do it better and cheaper elsewhere, because
it would occasion him a loss of time and prop-
erty, why should the Government refuse to be
governed by such a discreet and prudent course
of conduct ?
But, sir, whether it may or may not be import-
ant in a time of peace to have national depots so
located, that the ships which belong to our Navy
may easily, safely, and readily enter or not, in a
time of war it would be of immense importance;
and here, sir, let me ask, from what quarter are
we to expect collisions ?   From the east, or the
west; the north, or the south?   Most probable
from the east.    And, sir, in such an event, shall.
it be said, that those gallant ships, which would
then stand at the head of the American squadron,
have to sail from New Brunswick to the Chesa-
peake bay, before they can receive the supply of
a mast or a spar?    Would not such a state of
affairs injure the public service, and jeopardize
the best interests of the country?   Ay, the de-
struction of the whole American Navy might be
the consequence, and the whole country suffer a
disgrace worse than the loss of a thousand na-
vies, or the support of a thousand navy-yards.
Yet, discontinue the navy-yard at Portsmouth,
and such  predictions might be verified.    Sup-
posing a naval engagement to take place between
the American squadron and the belligerent nation
near Halifax; and suppose fuither, that one of
the gallant seventy-fours should be disabled, and
rendered unfit for service till supplied with one or
more masts; would not every American heart
bleed at the thought that this ship must, in her
crippled condition, sail a thousand miles or more
before she could be refitted for the public service?
Suppose that, in consequence of this delay, the
residue of the American squadron should be cap-
tured and lost; what then would be the feelings of
every patriotic heart ?   In that case would not the
whole American people exclaim, why and where-
fore is it that we have not a navy-yard nearer
than that at the Chesapeake bay, where our ships
can at once enter, and be repaired with more ex-
pedition, so as to return immediately to the battle-
ground to protect the liberties of the country ?
Yet, sir, discontinue the naval station at Ports-
mouth, and if the report of the Navy commis-
sioners, which has been alluded to, be true in
this particular, of which 1 doubt not, there would
not remain a navy-yard north of the Chesapeake
where a seventy-four could gain access. Should,
then, any of the events happen which have been
supposed, then the probability is that all the evils
•which have been mentioned might be realized.
But, sir, in a time of peace we have vessels on
some of the eastern stations, which after a two
or three years' cruise may be ordered home for
the purpose of receiving repairs; and although
frigates, schooners, and sloops of war can gain
access to other navy-yards north of the Potomac
besides Portsmouth, during the spring, summer,
and autumn months, yet in the extreme cold of"
winter even the above classes of vessels cannot
gain access to any yard, save the one at Ports-
mouth, short of the Chesapeake bay.
I am, sir, fully persuaded that the recommend-
ations in favor of the navy-yard at Portsmouth
to which I have alluded, will be sufficient to sat-
isfy every candid mind that this place, of all
others, is one of the most favorable spots on the
whole Atlantic coast for a large national depos-
itory, and that a discontinuation of it would be
criminally unjust to the Government and the
whole American people. My design has been to
establish the fact, that in four important, and in
some respects indispensable, particulars, this has
a decided preference over every other navy-yard
north of the Chesapeake bay, First, it can be
more easily protected from the invasion of the
enemy. Secondly, it is at all times easy of
access, free from ic« and other obstructions.
Thirdly, by having a sufficient depth of water to
admit with ease and with safety the largest class
of our public ships. Fourthly, by building ships
here there is an average saving to the Government
of at least twenty per cent. And in one very im-
portant particular this place has a most decided
advantage over every other navy-yard in the
country; that is, that timber and other materials
are less liable to be injured here than elsewhere.
To the last recommendation, even the waters of
Narraganset bay, which have been so highly eu-
logized by the honorable gentleman from Rhode
Island, would be compelled to yield the palm.
Yet, sir, notwithstanding all that has been said
in favor of this national depot, its paramount ad-
vantages, when compared to others of a similar
character, the long time it has been occupied as
a favorable place for ship-building, both for the
public and the merchant service, the millions
which the Government has invested in erect-
ing suitable buildings for dwelling-houses, ship-
houses, stores, marine-barracks, timber-sheds,
timber-docks, &c; and notwithstanding it is so
easily protected, unobstructed by ice in the win-
ter season, so as to render the navigation to and
from the same safe and expeditious; and although
the Government can, by constructing her ships
at this place, save much of the people's money;
and although the raw materials here are less
liable to suffer injury; and although there is no
other naval depot north of the Chesapeake to
which the largest class of ships can safely have
access—if it be for the interest of the country
that it should be discontinued, it will be my duty
to sustain the motion of the honorable gentleman
from Tennessee to strike out the whole of the
above-mentioned appropriation. But, sir,I must
wait for stronger arguments than I have yet heard
either by gentlemen on this floor, or those con-
tained in the report of the Navy commissioners
of 1829, before I can give my consent to demolish
this national depository. And as the most, if
not all, the arguments against the navy-yard at
Portsmouth have been drawn from the above-
mentioned report, I ask the indulgence of the
House for a few moments, for the purpose of re-
viewing some of the principles, as well as the
facts, which are contained in this document.
The proposition of the Navy Commissioners
then  was, " That with  the  exception  of  the
' yards at Boston, Washington, and Norfolk, and
' another near the Gulf of Mexico, (principally
' as a deposit of stores,) all of our other yards
' might, in the course of a few years, be dispensed
' with, without injury to the public service, pro-
' vided an establishment be made near Newport,
'Rhode Island."    And  the above proposition
rests upon the basis of "economy and efficiency."
But, sir, to this concentration of power I do
not give my consent.    That we should study the
principles of economy I agree is right; and I wish
this disposition prevailed more extensively.  But,
sir, to a consolidated Government, or to the con-
centration of power further than that authorized
by a literal construction of the Constitution of the
United States, I enter my most solemn protest.
Is it not against this principle that we have been
so long contending, and against which we have,
for the last seven or eight years, contended with
so much success?    For myself I shall regret to
see the day when the people of this country shall
sanction a discontinuation of any naval station
which has heretofore been established, and with
which are connected so many pleasing associa-
tions—institutions which have become hallowed
by time, and the breaking up of which would be
like breaking asunder the cords which bind to-
gether the social compact—the Union of these
States.    And I doubt not that it would be better
for the country to increase their number, rather
than to diminish or lessen it; for this plain rea-
son, that it gives to the people of the several
States a better opportunity to see the operations
of the General Government, and consequently
create a stronger sympathy with the administration
of it, and a more fixed determination to support
the integrity of the Union. It is upon this ground
that I shall exert all the influence which I pos-
sess in favor of the proposition now before Con-
gress to establish a navy-yard at Charleston,
South Carolina.   It  will, in  my opinion, add
another ligament to the cords by which we are
bound together as a great and a mighty people__
a people chosen oí Him who guides and controls
the destinies of nations, as well as individuals.
Its tendency will be to blot out and entirely efface
those geographical lines which have been so often
mentioned upon the floor of this House since the
commencement of the present session of Con-
gress.
The gentleman from Maine, speaking upon
this subject, a few days since, very appropriately
remarked that these establishments did not belong
to the place where located, but to the country.
Establish the one at Charleston, agreeably to the
request which is now made by the freemen of that
district, it will not belong to that place, but to the
country. Yet that people will see and feel that
the General Government is not unmindful of their
wishes, desires, and interests; and by rearing up
some national works among them, it will bind
them more closely to the national confederation.
And for the same reasons, sir, I shall record my
vote in favor of the appropriations mentioned in
this bill, and also for increased allowances for
the navy-yard at Pensacola. Yes, sir, this place
deserves the patronage of the Government. It
belongs to the nation, as well as others of a sim-
ilar description, and so long as my constituent 
provide for me a seat in this House, it will be my
endeavor, at all timed, to guard with vigilance the
reserved rights of the States, yet to manifest
national sentiments, and to use what influence I
may possess, to eradicate every sectional feeling.
In regard to national stations of this kind, as
well as for fortifications, I shall look alike to the
East, the West, the North, and the South. The
safety, the prosperity, and the glory of the one is
the safety, prosperity, and the glory of the other.
But, sir, it is time that I should again turn my
attention to the more immediate consideration of
this report, and for a few moments examine the
other proposition which is offered by the com-
missioners in favor of" concentration," viz: that
of " economy." I admit, sir, that if, by discon-
tinuing one half of the number of our navy-yards,
we should lessen the expenses of the people in
proportion then it would be our bounden duty
to pursue the course at once, provided that the
remaining one half would subserve the interests
of the country, as well as the whole number.
But would that follow ? Would there, in such an
event, be a saving of any considerable expense
to the people? In order to answer these ques-
tions correctly, we must take into consideration
the investments which have heretofore been made
in the improvements of those yards, and, conse-
quently, the great sacrifices which would be
made by their demolition. Furthermore we must
take into consideration the expenses which would
be incurred by enlarging those which might be
retained, together with the millions which would
be required to build a new magnificent establish-
ment upon the waters of Narraganset bay. I
must confess, if the recommendations mentioned
in the report of the Navy Commissioners should
be carried into effect, I am unable to perceive
how it can materially affect the current expenses
of the Government. In that case millions of
property, which is now answering all the pur-
poses for which it was originally designed, would
be sunk, and millions more must be expended to
build up new naval stations, which would answer
no better, and probably not so well for the
interests of the country, as those which are now
extant.
It is highly probable that, should the number
of yards be reduced, three or four officers on the
civil list might be dispensed with; I mean naval
storekeepers. But, sir, should this be done, it
would be a saving in expense only of five or six
thousand dollars; and the probability is, that
even this sum would have to go to meet the ex-
penses of additional clerks in these magnificent
consolidated institutions How, then, is there
to be any saving of expense by consolidation.
The Navy commissioners say that " concentra-
' lion would enable the Government to select and re-
' tain in its service the most valuable artificers, at
' fixed and moderate wages, because they could
' have constant employment."   Is this anything
