276
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 21
24th Cong. ..1st Sess.
Northern Boundary of Ohio—Mr. Ewing.
Sen
ATE.
lying in an unexplored region, from which a line ||
wjs"o be prodjced in the given direction, until
it should touch the territory in question, and foim I
the ooundatv
But the ditFculty will be remedied by adopting
the bul whieli i now oftVr. It will give to Ohio,
not ail ilnt wi  supposed and intended by the
Onenss which fiained the act of 1802, but it
will íci\c hei all thit is important to hei internal
imoioNemuH  and commented mteiests, and all
that was a l  d toi by the Iramei, of her consti-
tution. And mere w ould seem to be the most ob-
vious propir*ty and policy in accoiding it, having
a due regarJ to the grtat leading features of our
country in its civil divisions, if, indeed, Congress
have the power to do so without the infringe-
ment of a compact, or the violation of national
faith.
This measure has been long a subject of di¡>-
cussion. Those who oppose it contend that Con-
gress, by the terms ot the deed of cession fi om
Virginia, by the ordinance of 1787, for the Gov-
ernment of the territory northwest of the liver
Ohio, and by their own subsequent acts, have
been deprived of the power of extending the
boundary of either of the southern States of the
Noithwestern Teinlory.Ohio inclusive, north of
an east and west line diawn through the southerly
extreme of Lake Michigan And the first and
most impoitant inquiry is, whether Congiess
does now possess that power' To me, indeed,
it seems a question of easy solution.
At the close of the revolutionary war, Virginia
and Connecticut claimed each a portion of the
Northwestern Territory. Connecticut ceded her
jurisdiction without any directions as to its future
civil divisions; but Virginia required that the
lands so ceded should be divided into States,
" containing a suitable extent of territory, not
' less than one hundred, nor more than one hun-
' dred and fifty miles square, or as near thereto
' as circumstances will permit," &c , which pro-
vision was made in accordance with a resolution
of Congress of the 10th of October, 1780.
The country was at that time unexplored, and
great difficulties might have arisen from the fixing
of any unbending rules for the formation of new
States, in respect to location and boundary. Con-
gress soon became sensible of this, and by their
resolution of July 7, 1736, asked Virginia to
revise her deed of cession. The preamble to that
resolution shows what were the views and wishes
of that Congress in the formation of new mem-
bers of the Federal Union, and what I believe
has been, at least what ought to have been, the
purpose of each succeeding Congress which has
been called to act on this subject. It is as
follows:
" Whereas it appears, from the knowledge already ob-
tained of the tract of country lying northwest of the nvpr
Ohio, that the laying it out, and forming it into new States
of the extent mentioned in the resolution of Congress of
Octobpr 10,1780, and in one of the conditions contained in
the cession of Virginia, will be productive ofmanyand great
inconveniences That by such a division of the country I
some of the new States will be deprived of the advantage
of navigation , some will be improperly intersected by lakes, I
rivers, and mountains, and some will contain too great a
proportion of barren and unimprovable land, and of conse-
quence will not for many years, if ever, have a sufficient
number of inhabitants to lorm a respectable government,
and entitle them to a seat and voice in the Federal Council
And whereas, in fixing the limits and dimensions of the new
States, due attention ought to be paid to natural boundaries
and a variety of circumitances which will be pointed out
by a more perfect knowledge of the country, so as to pro-
vide for the future growth and prosperity of each State, as
well as for the accommodation and secunty of the first ad-
venturers. In order, therefore, that the ends of Govern-
ment be attained, and that the States which are formed
may become a speedy and sure emission of strength to the
Confederacy Resolved, That it be, and is hereby, recom
mended to the Legislature of Virginia to take into consid
eration their aet of cession and revise the same, so far as
to empower the United States in Congress, assembled to
make such a divi^on of the terntorv ot the United States
lying northerly and westerly of the river Ohio into distinct
republican State , not more than f.ve nor less than three,
as the situation of that country and future circumstances
may require, which States shall hereafter become members
of the Federal Union, and have the same rights of sover-
eignty, freedom, and independence as the original States,
in conformity with the resolution of Congress of the 10th of
October, 1780 "
By this resolution Congress asked for authority
to change nothing relative to the contemplated
States in the Northwestern Territory, except the
extent and boundaries, and they asked for dis-
ci etion for the purpose of adjusting then bound-
aues to suit the natural featuies of the country
And this discietion, which was accorded by Vir-
ginia, is, it I can read and undeistand the laws
and ordinances aright, continued ovei the whole
northern portion of that country down to the
piesent day
The extent of the powers thus retained by Con-
gress depends upon the oidtnance of 1787 toi the
government of the territory noithwest of the
river Ohio I join in all that has ever bten said
in praise of this invaluable charter. It has been
called irrevocable So it is as long as the latth of
the nation is regarded It has been called ¡xsacied
instalment. I hold iLso Next to the Constitu-
tion itself—of which indeed this ordinance is by
adoption apart—I hold it the most sacred among
the monuments of our national libeity. But it
does not, therefore, follow that every manner of
pretension must be sanctioned which any one
thinks fit to advance in its name.
The question of the power of Congress over
this disputed terntory grows out of the fifth ai ti-
de of the ordinance. I need not trouble the Sen-
ate by reading that aiticle, a simple analysis of
its piovisions, so far as they touch the piesent
question, will suffice.
1st It ordains that Congress shall form not less
than three, nor more than five, States within that
territory
2d. It defines the boundaries of three of those
States according to the present boundaries of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, on all sides except
the north; and it extends them all northward to
the boundary line of the United States.
3d. And it piovides that " the boundaries of
' these three States shall be subject to be so far
'altered, that if Congiess shall hereafter find it
' expedient, they shall have authority to form one
' or two States in that part of the Tei ntory which
' lies north of an east and west line, drawn
' through the southerly bend or extreme of Lake
' Michigan."
It appears to me clear, by the mere reading of
the latter part of this section, of which I give the
words, that all the obligation imposed upon Con-
gress was to form three States in said Territory,
the northern boundary of any of which should
not be pressed further south than the southerly
bend or entrance of Lake Michigan; that the east
and west boundaries of each of the three States
should be fixed within the limits prescribed, and
that the northern part of the Territory should be
formed into States, or attached to the southern
States, or part of it be formed into one or two
States, and part of it attached to the State lying
immediately south of it. One or two States mat
be formed by Congress in that part of the Ter-
ritory which lies north of the east and west line
above-named, but it is not said that they shall
be formed of that Territory, or of all that Ter-
ritory. It were hard to leason on the subject,
the ordinance itself is as clear to the point which
I would sustain as any language I can use in
support of it, and it is only by passing over, or
interpolating, or modifying its provisions, either
in statement or in argument, that a doubt has
been raised as to its interpretation.
I will refer, by way of specimen, and it is not
the only one in which public documents have
been thus treated in this contest, to an article en-
titled " The case of Michigan," which appeared
in the Intelligencer of the 5th instant. The writer
is unknown to me, but the editors say it is "from
a highly intelligent and respectable source '' The
sentence in that " exposition," in which a clause
in the ordinance of 1787 is misstated, is as fol-
lows:
1 By the ordinance of 1787, whenever any of the States
or Territories in the Northwestern Territory 'shall have
sixty thousand free inhabitants, such State shall be ad-
mitted, by its delegates, into the Congress of the United
States on an equal footing with the original States, in all
respects whatever, and shall be at liberty to form a perma-
nent constitution and State government' "
I call the attention of the Senate to the word
Territories, in that part of the paragraph which is
introductory to the quotation from the ordinance,
and which fixes the sense of that quotation.
That word is an interpolation in language, and it
changes the whole sense of the paragraph.   It is
not to be found in the text quoted, nor in the
context, nor any woid or words which convey
an equivalent meaning to it, in the convention in
which it is here introduced And, unfoitunately,
this single woid, thus thiown in, is the one on
which the whole aigument in behalf of Michigan
and hei lights to this terntory must hingp Take
that away, read the oidinance truly, as it is wnt-
ten, adding nothing and suppiessing nothing, it
does not leave them ground whereon to rest the
soles of their feet It is the fifth aiticle of that
ordinance (1st vol Laws of the United States, page
480) that has been thus misused. That article
declares that there shall be formed, in the North-
western Teriitoiy, thee States, it defines their
boundary on all sides except the noith, as the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois are now
bounded, and it extends them all northward to
the northern boundary of the United Stetes,
which is there called the territorial line; it then
provides that "the boundaries of these thria
' States shall be subject to be so far altered that,
' if Congress shall hereafter find it expedient,
' they shall have authority to form one or two
' States in that pait of the territory which lies
' north of an east and west line diawn through
' the southerly bend or extreme of Lake Michi-
' gan." Then follows the misquoted clause, which
is in these words: " And whenever any of the
' said States shall have sixty thousand fiee mhab-
' itants theiein, such State shall be admitted, by
' its delegates, into the Congress of the United
' States, on an equal footing with the original
' States, in all respects whatever, and shall be at
' liberty to form a constitution and State govern-
' ment "
I am bound, in courtesy, to believe that this
misrepresentation of this clause of the ordinance
by the writer who thus volunteers to instruct the
community on this subject, was a mistake, fallen
into by him in his zeal to support the cause which
he has seen fit to espouse, and that the power
and discretion to foim States, as I have set them
forth,which immediately precede in the ordinance
the paragraph cited by this writer, was omitted,
because he liad not a clear perception of its bear-
ing upon the proposition which he advances, and
not because he saw, as I think all impartial men
who examine it must see, that it destroys, to its;
very foundation the whole fabric of his argu-
. ment. But if any one can find in the clause of
the ordinance referred to by that writer, and which
I have just read, a vested right in this Territory
(which is not formed by the ordinance or by act
I of Congress into a State) to come into the Union
when its inhabitants shall be sixty thousand, or
to hold fast, permanently, against the will of Con-
gress, to the boundanes fixed for it as a Terri-
tory, for the express purpose of temporary gov-
ernment, he must have functions and reasoning
faculties of a different order from those which are
possessed by the rest of mankind. Indeed, when
the ordinance is set out tiuly, as it is, no one
will, I think, be able to diaw any such inference
from it.
Congress had the right, by virtue of their gen-
eral powers, without any express compact au-
I thonzing it, to eiect territorial governments such
as they might see fit, as to number, extent, and
boundary, and to change and modify them at
pleasure. S  at least it has been held, and such
nas been the practice of the Government. And
if they have not this power, the Territory of Mich-
igan was cieatcd without authouty, for the ordi-
nance of 1787 expressly authorizes a division of
the Northwestern Territory into no moie than
"tico distucts," and this express authority was
exhausted by the act of the 7th of May, 1800,
which divided the Northwestern Territory into
two separate governments. 1 take it, therefore,
for granted that the general power will not be
disputed by the advocates of the claims of Mich-
igan, and if it be not, why do they fix upon, as
the boundary to which they have a permanent
right, those assigned to that Territory, " for the
purpose of a temporary government, by the act
of 11th January, 1805, instead of either of the
othei acts fixing other limits' That act is neither
the first nor the last which gave a temporary gov-
, eminent to the inhabitants of the country in-
cluded in that Territory.    It first formed a part
