1&36.1
APPENDIX TO THÉ CONGRESSIONAL GLÜ#E.
277
24th Cono .. 1st Sess.                    Northern Boundary of Ohio—Mr. fkovng.
"Senate.
«f the government of the Northwestern Territory.
It was next divided- between that Territory and
Indiana. It was in the next place attached wholly
to Indiana, and made to form a part of it. Next
it was formed into a separate Territory, " for the
purpose of a temporary government;" and lastly,
the whole residue of the Northwestern Territory '
«as attached to it, and formed with it one Terri-
tory for a like purpose, and remains, and is part
and parcel of it at this day. How, then, can it
be with reason contended that the limits of the
local government to which the inhabitants of this
tract of country owed allegiance, should, in its
fourth modification, though never before, be
holden fixed and immutable? There are no words
ia the law to countenance it save what are also
contained in the other laws fixing the boundaries
of the several territorial governments which, by
different names, were from time to time extended
in whole or in part ovar this peninsula. On the
whole, that law gives to the inhabitants of that
part of the Territory of Michigan no vested right
to come into the Union as a State with those par-
ticular boundaries assigned them: it therefore
throws no obstacle in the way of extending, or
adjusting and defining the boundaries of the States
of Ohio and Indiana north of the east and west
line above referred to, even if we admit that line
to have been once made the boundary of the .
Michigan Territory.
I believe it has not been denied by those who |
advocate the claims of Michigan, that Congress
had a right to extend all or either of the three '
southern States north to the territorial line; ac-
cording to their limits as set out in the first part
of the fifth article of the ordinance; but they con- ,
tend that Congress must include in each of those I
StatesoUornotuof the territory which lies within '
its limits north of that line; that they cannot in-
clude a part and exclude-another part; that an
opium ia given them in fixing the boundaries of
those States on the north, but no diteretion be-
yond the mere choice of one of the two lines,
in aid of the several arguments which I have ad-
vanced against this position, I will now adduce
a series of acta of Congress showing a legislative
construction of their own powers.
The east and west line named in the ordinance
of 1787, has bat a single call, " the most south-
erly bend or extension of Lake Michigan;" it
has no terminus to the east or the west—it of
course passes across the whole Territory—and if
the position be correct, that Congress could not
extend any State beyond that line without, in-
cluding all the territory which lay beyond it and
due north of such State, then Congress in the
formation of the State of Ohio, and the designa-
tion of its boundary, has violated the ordinance.
In the act of April 30, 1803, under which Ohio
was authorized to form a State government, the
line running due east from the southerly extreme
of Lake Michigan is taken, in part, as the north-
ern boundary of the contemplated State; Thus
far it agrees with the line named in the ordinance,
but it introduces another call, "Lake Erie, or the
territorial line, and thence with the same through
Lake Erie to the Pennsylvania line," making a
totally different northern boundary. The two
lines'run together until they touch Lake Erie,
then diverge widely. The line named in the ordi-
nance runs through the southern bend of Lake
Erie, and passing out of it euts off a large extent
of territory, with fifty or sixty thousand inhab-
itants, in the -northeast corner of the State of
Ohio, to which Michigan baa the same right, by
virtue of the ordinance, that she has to the country
north of that line and south of" the northern cape
of the Miami bay. But Congress did not con-
sider themselves bound by the ordinance to pur-
sue that line, or they acted under a mistake as to
the true position of Lake Michigan, the bearing
of which error I will by and by consider.
In the formation of the Slate of Indiana, Con-
*gress disregarded this assumed restriction in the
ordinance, or they had failed to discover it. The
State is extended ten miles north of the southerly
extreme of Lake Michigan-, and Illinois, which
was admitted tt few years after* is extended north
about thirty-five miles further than Indiana, and
within a few miles of the line of latitude which,
according to the old maps to which I shall by-
and-by more particularly refer, cut through the
sontherly extreme of Lake Michigan. The mis-
take which had been made in the position of the
object of that call was substantially corrected in
the case of Illinois.
I need not now advert to the unhappy conse-
quences which would flow from holding the east
and west line, named in the ordinance, as a fixed
and immovable boundary: the question is too
clear by the very language of the ordinance itself,
and the legislative constructions of it have been
too frequent and unequivocal to require this aux-
iliary aid in settling the principle. Still it ought
not to be forgotten that the establishment of the
doctrine contended for by Michigan involves, as
its consequence, the dismemberment of these
States of this Union, and the bringing of a large
number of their citizens under a government
which they did not help to form, and to Which
they have never yielded; and to which, I believe,
they never will yield their willing allegiance.
Having, as I trust, established the position,
if any arguments were necessary to establish it,
I that Congress has power to pass this act without
¡ violating the Constitution, or compact, or any
-principle which ought to govern legislators, I
will now proceed to offer some reasons why the
proposed adjustment of boundary ought to be
made.
First, then, it was the intent of the frame  of
the ordinance of 1787 that the northern line Of
each Of the three southern States should extend
north of the points over which that east and west
line is, by actual observation and survey, found
to pass. This intent is proved by the clearest
evidence. At the time of the passage of that ordi-
nance We had no information of the country north
and west of Lake Erie, save what we derived
from observations made or collected under the
Colonial Government. A map of that country,
pubtished in 175S, and still familiarly known as
Mitchell's Map, war the first in authority in Eng-
land and America from the time of its publication
until long after the date of the ordinance. It is
said to have been the map referred to by the
American and British Commissioners at the treaty
of peace in 1783. And in the particulars in which
it bear* noon the present question, it was copied,
-orvery closely followed, in all the maps which
- appeared in our country from that time until after
tbe close of the late war. That map, and, indeed,
«very ootemporaneous map that I have seen, fixed
the latitude of the southemextreme of Lake Mich-
igan about 49° 90* north, or about forty-five miles
north of its actual position, and so situated with
regard to Lake Erie, that a line running due east
through it would touch the Lake near its bead,
or the Detroit river a little north of its entrance
into the Lake. I have laid upon your table, and
on that of each of the Senators, a copy on a re-
duced scale, of this map, as it is preserved in the
State Department, by which may be seen at a
glance the position of those lakes, and of that
line, as it was then believed and understood to
exist. Congress had earnestly sough t the power
of fixing the-limits of the proposed States accord-
ing to natural boundaries, so that none of them
should be improperly intersected by rivers or
lakes, and so that there Should be secured to each
such natural advantages of navigation as most
properly pertained to it. They obtained that
power, and intended to exert it for the benefit of
each of the new States; and in fixing that east
and west, they obviously intended to prohibit
-any future Congress from bringing down the
northern line of that State, which is now Ohio,
isouth of a line Which would touch Lake 'Erie
near its head, or the Detroit river above the
lake. Ought" that intent to be defeated by a
mistake, by misinformation, «as to the position
of a natural object, in a hostile country, remote
-from any part of the Slate whose boundary was
to be fixed ? We are of opinion that the intent
of the firamers of that ordinance ought to be car-
ried into effect so faras it is necessary for the well-
being of the State that it should be so.
It can be shown that the same intent prevailed
with the Congress who passed the act of 1803,
under which Ohio framed her constitution, and
came into the Union as a sovereign and independ-
ent State.   The line designated as her northern
boundary is the same as that before referred' \o
laid down on Mitchell's map. That map then
hung, as I have been informed, in the committee
room of the committee of Congress who reported
that law. That there was a mistake in the posi-
tion of this line by the Congress which enacted
the law of April 30, 180a, is proved further by
the feet that the boundary they affix to Ohio is
an impotsible boundary. That law provides that
the northern line shall run due east, through the
southerly extreme of Lake Michigan, until it
intersect Lake Erie 'or the territorial lint, thence
with the some through Lake Erie to the Pennsyl-
vania line. This boundary, therefore, is based
on the assumption that the east and west line
will touch the territorial line (which is the north-
ern boundary line of the United States) in Lake
Erie, or north of it; otherwise it could not, with-
out ¿hanging its direction, run with it through
Lake Erie to the Pennsylvania line.
Bat that line does nottouch the northern bound-
ary line of the United States at any point in Lake
Erie. The act of the 14th Jury, 1833, directs the
President " to cause to be ascertained (amongst
• other things) by accurate observation the latitude
' and longitude of the southerly extreme of Lake
' Michigan."   " Also, that he cause to be ascer-
• tained with all practicable accuracy the latitude
' and longitude of the most southerly point in the
«northern boundary line of the United States in
• Late Erie." The performance of this duty was,
as a matter of course, assigned by the President
to the War Department. And among the Ex-
ecutive Documents of 1833-34, vol. 6, Doc. .497,
is found the report in part of the engineer em-
ployed to perform that service. He fixes the lat-
itude of the southern extreme of Lake Michigan
at 41° 37' 07.9" north. His observations as to
the southern point of the northern boundary of
the United States in Lake Erie do not lay claim
to accuracy, but he supposes it to be in latitude
'41° 38* 38'*, being north of the east and west line
1 mile 3.1440 yards. But there was another and
better mode of ascertaining the last-named fact
than that adopted by the Department. It will be
remembered that missions were appointed by the
United States and Great Britain to mark the
boundary between the two countries under the
treaty of Ghent. This duty was performed; this
line was marked with great care through the
western part of Lake Erie, and the map showing
its position is among the archive* of State. I
hold in my hand a letter from Thomas P. Jones,
keeper of the archives, directed to Mr. Vinton,
of theOhio delegation in the House of Represent-
atives, dated January 7, 1835, in which he states
-that he has carefully examined the map of Lake
Erie as laid down and marked out by those com-
missioners, and that he finds the latitude of the
most southern point to be 41° 39' 43", as nearly
as he can ascertain by the scale, but that the
measurement may possibly vary a second or so
from the truth; so that the east and west line
would not touch the northern boundary line by
about three miles. I understand, however—for
T have not yet seen the report—that the Depart-
ment has at last brought the two lines together.
Lake Michigan, I believe, still holds its first
position—its southern extremity would move no
further north; but the boundary line between the
United States and Great Britain has been found
more flexible, and has come about four miles
south of the point at which it was fixed by the
commissioners under the treaty of Ghent. This
has, it is true, been an ex parte proceeding by the
United States; but Great Britain cannot object to
it, as it gives her (if the new position of the line
be adhered to) jurisdiction over many miles of
the surface of the lake which was assigned by the
, joint commissioners to the United States.    For
the present, however, I am disposed to consider
I the line run by the commissioners of the United
States and Great Britain, in pursuance of a treaty
Stipulation, as the true houndary between the two
¡countries.    Taking, then,  the position  of the
I southerly extreme ofl-ake Michigan, as found
| by Captain Talcott, and the southern point of
! -the northern boundary line of the United States
I in Lake Erie, as settled by the commissioners,
I and as measured on their map by the keeper of
I the public archives, it is clear that these unes do
