2S0
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 16.
24th Covg.... 1st Sess.
Documentary History of the Revolution—Mr. Smith.
Senati
hunditd themsand dollar , e>rnloie,ma\ be saved 1
to the Govei miunt by it, ai.d mjui v milieu d upon
none It anation refuses to comply with atreaty,
nothing more than reasonable indemnity is ex-
pected or demanded, these undertakings, stand
upon no better ground
DOCt'MEVTARY HISTORY
REMARKS OF HON. F. O. J. SMITH,
OF MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
April 16, 1836,
On the proposition of Mr C Johnson, of Tennessee, to
strike trom toe Civil and Diplomatic appropriation bill
the clause • For the Documentary History of the \mer-
ícan Revolution, per act of 2d of March, 1833, ¡520,000 "
Mr. SMITH said:
Mr. Speaker- All the gentlemen opposed to
the amendment offered by the honorable gentle-
man from Tennessee, appear extremely desirous
of holding the House to the strict letter of the
contract alleged to have been made by the late
Secretary of State [Mr. Livingston] with Messrs.
Clarke and Force. They maintain that the honor
of the nation is involved in the fulfillment of the
construction now put upon that contract. I am
in favor (said Mr. S ) of looking into the letter
of it, but desire that the spxrxt also of the instru-
ment by which the honor of the nation is said to
be thus deeply pledged, may also be examined.
I think, sir, that it will be found, upon critical
examination, that there is evidence enough in the
documents connected with this contract, that no
injustice will be done to Messrs. Clarke and
Force by striking out the appropriation of twenty
thousand dollars now under consideration, and
that the honor of the nation will be in no degree
violated by following out hereafter the course in-
dicated by the resolution of the House adopted
this morning, referring the whole subject of these
books to the Committee of Ways and Means for
final investigation.*
The honorable gentleman fromTennessee [Mr
Johnson] has remarked that this contract, if not
afraud in its inception upon the Congress of 1833,
is, in the shape which it is now made to assume,
a great imposition upon this House, and that the
House is not bound to sustain it. I am, sir, also
of this opinion, and I think there is evidence to
substantiate this opinion to the satisfaction of
any impartial jury of twelve men that might be
empanneled in any part of the country. Let
me invite the attention of the House to some
features of the contract, to show that it was not
contemplated, either by Clark and Force or by
the Congress of 1833, to be of the character and
magnitude now represented by the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]
and by other gentlemen who preceded him on
the same side.
By turning to the contract of Clarke and Force
with Mr. Livingston, then Secretary of State, I
find the following language made use of, de-
scriptive of the work then contemplated:  " The
*  said Edward Livingston, &c , doth hereby au-
' thonze and direct the said Clarke and Force,
'jointly and seveially, to prepare and publish
' fifteen hundied copies of said ' Documentary
*  History of the American Revolution,' according
* The following is the resolution alluded to.
"On motion of iMr Johnson, of Tennessee,
"Resolved, That the report of the Secrefiry of State,
dated the 22d of December, 1834, numbered 36 among the
documents of the first session of the Twenty Third Con-
gress, and the papers accompanying the same, be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Mean , with the following
instructions
" 1st To inquire into the propriety of repealing the act
of the 2d March, 1833, and rescinding the contract made
by virtue thereof, by Edward Livingston on the part of the
United States, and Clark and Force, for the publication of
the " Documentary History of the Revolution," and to pay
the expenditures incurred by said publishers in consequence
ot said contract
"2d If that is not proper to be done,then to inquire into
the propriety oí better regulating f.aid contract, directing
the  number and size of the volumes, and the sum to be pud
for the same, and the time for the completion of said pub
licatioii, and the best and proper means of superintending
«aid publication, and directing the documents to be inserted
in mid publication "
' to the plan laid doun m their memonal and atcom-
' panyinr documents pi esented to Confess, and upon
' which said act lias been passed "
Now turn to the memonal heie alluded to for
" the plan " of the woik. That memorial, the
original proposition of Clarke and Foice, reads
thus, in pait
' The memorial of the subscribers respectfully represents
tint, is earlv as tht ltth dav ot Juh, 177b, the niimoml
of Ebenezer Hazard «is presented to Confess cillin^
their attention to the importance ot • a collection of \m< r
le in tente papers ' On the -JOth ol the same month cer
tun resolution!, were p issul approving ot the objeet, and
ijiuiifm.; aiu 'i pat)onage and facilitus Hi he denial (^ee
eopies Ik re \\ith   ^ )"
• Shortly after Mr   Hazard was appointed Postmaster
General two volumes were published by him, but the ob
ject ot Congress was not attained, inasmuch as not a sin
gle document relitiug 'to the rise and progress of the pre 
ent war with Great Itntiin,' referred to b\ the committee,
was published by him     He ¡pive up the work in conse
quenee of Ins other engagements, and no one has since ven-
tured to complete if
'•Your memorialists present themselves to Congress,
willing and partially prepared to undertake this interesting
and laborious collection," &c
Such is the language that is descriptive of the
work to which the Congress of 1833 was induced
to extend its patronage by the act of 3d March of
that year. And such is the plan of the work to
which that act has reference, and upon which it
was based It was substantially to aid in the
particular work which Hazard had pro]ected and
commenced, and tn nene other. What evidence
have we further of the character of Hazard's
Elan, and of the magnitude of it' Why, sir, we
ave evidence on this point which cannot but be
of the most satisfactory character—evidence by
which we can accurately judge of the view enter-
tained by the Congress of 1833 upon this sub-
ject. We have the resolutions of the Congress
of 1778 respecting Hazard's proposed work, and
these resolutions are referred to by Clarke and
Force in their contract with Mr Livingston, and
constitute a part of their memorial to the Con-
gress of 1833, for the purpose of describing " the
plan " oftheit work. One of these resolutions of
1778 reads thus, after setting forth " that Mr
Hazard must necessarily be put to expense of
various kinds in procuring the extensive collec-
tion of materials he proposes to make:"
" Resoleed, That to enable Mr Hazard to sustain such
expense, one thousand dollars be advanced to him upon ac
count, returns being made to Congress of Ins expenses in
this business "
Such, sir, is the indication furnished in the
papers of Messrs Clarke and Force, the memo-
rialists, of the \iews entertained by the Congress
of 1778 relative to Mr. Hazard's work, which
these memorialists described to the Congress of
1833 as the plan of their work, the y having trans-
formed the title of Hazard's woik, " A Collection
of American State Papas," into the title of " A Doc-
umentary History of the AmencanRevolution." Will
it be pretended, sir, hereafter upon this floor, that
the Congress of 1778 contemplated, in Mr. Haz-
ard's work, an enterprise to tie compared in any-
thing with the work now attempted to be imposed
upon Congress undet Clarke and Force's con-
tract' It has been demonstrated that this latter
work is to cost fiom four hundred and eight thou-
sand to half a million of dollars, as the least
estimate.
And will the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] or any other gentleman, reflect so
severely upon the Congress of 1778 as to charge
' them with having in view a work of this magm-
i tude, or anything like it, when they contributed
| the trifling, pitiful sum, in comparison, of one
thousand dollars to aid Hazard in his work'   Sir,
we are told by these memorialists themselves,
Messrs. Clarke and Force, that to Hazard's work,
whatever it was—and it is alluded to by them as
giving the outline of their own plan*—that the
* Messrs Clarke and Force further say in their papers,
in reference to Hazard's plan "It will he seen that much
' of the time intended to be covered by our work was cm
' braced in Mr Hazard s plan, extended, as it was, bv that
' part of the resolution of the Continental C ingress which
' authorized the collection of such papers as related to the
'' rise and progress of the present war with Great Britain '
' If, then, in 1778, a most gleiomy period, &c , if, under
'all these adverse circumstances, the Continental Congress
1 orde red that to be done it An hue now projjer t j do, and
' more, was it presumptuous in us to a k for, or imprudent
' or premature in Congress to pass, the act under which our
< contr ict his been made'"
Congressof 1778granted to Hazaid "suchpatron-
age and facilities as he desued " Tins is then own
language, and their own showing, for I do not
go out of the case they heave given in tlitir o? initial
documents, presented to the Congiess of 1633,
for my prools, that the contt act which they now
claim to have made is not the contract, and their
present work is not the woik, had in view either
by themselves or the Congiess of 1833 Let me
ask gentlemen if they believe that Piazard, had he
in contemplation an tntei prise involving an ex-
pense of n'oily half a million of dolíais, at the low-
est estimate, would li ive dcaed " pationage and
facilities" of Congiess to the amount of only one
¿Aottsaitti dolíais, inasmuch as they were willing
to grant all that he desued ">
Sir, I maintain that here is pi oof enough to
insure the verdict of any jury in the country, that
neither Hazard, nor the Congress of 177s, nor
the Congress ot 1833, for an instant conceived of
such a stupendous enterpnse as is now set up
under the contract of Mi. Livingston, which has
been lead, nor do I believe that the memorialists
themselves contemplated one of such magnitude
at that time. I believe, sir, that here is evidence
in abundance, in their reference to Hazard's plan
as a description substantially of their own plan,
and in the chaiactei of the resolution of 1778
respecting Hazaid's plan, to sustain the positions
taken by the honorable gentleman from Tennes-
see, that Congress has been outrageously imposed
upon under this Clarke and Force contract, and
that Congress is not bound now, in eithei honor
or equity, to fulfill the construction now attempted
to be put upon it. Sir, we ought to stop, before
contributing an additional sum of twenty thou-
sand dollars to the sum of twenty thousand dol-
íais aheady appropnated, until a thorough in-
vestigation of the subject has been made by the
Committee of Ways and Means, undei the reso-
lution of the same honorable gentleman, adopted
this morning by the House.
We aie told further by these memorialists, that
Mr. Hazaid puisucd his plan through two vol-
umes, and then abandoned it Why did he
abandon it' Because the magnitude of the enter-
prise was too great for his means, and because
Congiess refused to aid him sufficiently in com-
parison to his enteipnse' No such thing. Con-
gress contributed one thousand dolíais towards
it It does not appear that more was needed.
But he abandoned it. We aie told, " he gave up
the work in consequence of his other engage-
ments, and no one has since ventwed to complete
it." Such is the history of the work he planned,
and such is the plan of the woik pi esented to the
Congress of 18J3, to induce them to pass the act
underwhich the piebentenotmous claim of Clarke
and Force is set up.
Sir, there is another consideration in aid of the
position of the gentleman fiom Tennessee On
íecurring to the act of 1833, directing the contiact
to be made, it will be seen that there is no limit-
ation imposed as to eithei the numbei of copies
to be contracted for, nor the numbei of volumes
to which each copy shall be confined, nor the
number of pages or magnitude of each -volume.
What is the inference from these singulai omis-
sions, for most singular they must be, if the act
authorized the contiact now contended for by
those gentlemen who favor the proposed appro-
pi nation ' Is the Congiess of 1833 to be charged
with recklessness or want of the exercise of ordi
naiy vigilance over the public Treasury in this
| matter' Will the gentleman fiom Massachusetts
so charge them' But is it short of making such
a charge to say that they had in view an enter-
prize that would involve an expéndame by the
nation foi books, to be distributed principally
among the members of Congress, to the amount
of neaily half, and perhaps to a full million of
dollars, and yet omitted entirely to impose the
slightest restrictions upon the contracting party
Sir, these omissions of the act of 1833 clearly
demonstrate to mv mind that Congress did not
have in view any such enterpnse. They did not
dream of such an enormous expenditure of public
money for books as this Congress is called upon
to sanction. They authorized no such contract
as Mr. Livingston is said to have made—no
such  contract  as   the  contract he   actually at-
