284
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Incendiary Publications—Mr. King.
Senate.
slight occurrence which he did not approve, make
a like threat. For my own part, I should always
be disposed to believe, that persons who make
such threats, desire what they threaten,and that
their continuance in the family or firm, instead of
being a benefit is always an injury to the remain-
in - members. Dissolve the Union ! Who has
the right to do this ? No State or individual has
either the moral or constitutional right to dissolve
or secede from the Union for any cause. A man
may attempt revolution, and may commit treason
against his country, but whether he may finally
receive the reward of the traitor or the patriot,
may depend upon the final issue of the contest.
The Union of these States cannot be dissolved
but by the consent of the people to a change in
their government, in the manner provided by the
Constitution of the country. States or individuals
will never be permitted to do it; for if there exists
in the American bosom one principle of patriotism
more strong than another, it is that of attachment
to the Union. This principle is so deeply seated
in the hearts of our countrymen, that it cannot
be shaken; and the Union must and will be pre-
served. All threats of dissolution, as I before
said, are vain and illusory; they never can, they
never will be carried into execution.
This question, like most others agitated here,
has not been suffered to pass by without an allu-
sion to party.    We have been told that such is
the influence of party discipline, that in the very
eye of the gentleman rests one who, by raising
his finger, could muster the party to a vote.    In-
sinuations of this kind, I, for one, cast behind
me; the country will judge of their correctness.
It is said, however, that the President, in his
annual message, recommended a measure of this
kind; and it is strange that his party should now
falter.  I follow party where the Constitution and
principle lead; and when men attempt to take
their place, I halt.   I support the Administration
party, because I am a firm believer in the great
principles which govern them; and I endeavor to
sustain them in all minor and formal points.  For
the sake of those principles, I sustain the Presi-
dent to the best of my abilities, because I believe
that he has done more for the liberty of his
country, and to place his Administration upon
the basis of the Government and public opinion,
than any man Jiving.   That he may sometimes
err, is human.    That his most ardent friends
may sometimes  think him  in error, when, in
truth he is not, is natural to expect.    But that
this honest difference of opinion should divide
them, his opposers need not hope for; that he
has recommended that postmasters and officers
of this Government should arrest the passage
through the mail, of publications of any kind, as
contemplated in this bill, I do not understand;
but he suggests the propriety of passing such a
law as would prohibit, under severe penalties,
the circulation in the southern States through the
mail of incendiary publications intended to insti-
gate the slaves to insurrection—not barely a pub-
lication touching the subject of slavery.    With
great respect to this recommendation, or rather
suggestion, I cannotgive it my support; to punish
injuries done to individuals, belongs exclusively
to the States; they have ample security in their
own power to punish any person in their juris-
diction who may read or distribute any publica-
tion which  their laws may prohibit, but they
cannot reach the post office or the postmaster for
its  delivery as  directed,  because   such  act is
under a paramount authority.   I, for one, doubt,
strongly doubt, the power of Congress to provide
by law fbr the punishment of any act, as a crim-
inal offense, but those especially enumerated in
the Constitution; and I can find but few such
grants, such as counterfeiting the securities and
current coin of the United States, the punishment
of piracies and felonies committed on the high
seas, offenses against the law of nations, and
treason against the United States    It will readily
be perceived that I confine my doubts to punish-
ments to be inflicted in consequence of judgments
by the civil tribunals of the country, rendered in
courts of justice.    Whatever, in my course here
or elsewhere, on this or any other measure, I
have no guide but parly.  I cannot suffer the Sen-
ator from South Carolina to be my sole judge.
There is another and higher tribunal before which
I must and am willing to answer; and to whose
just judgment I will most cheerfully submit for
my opposition to this bill.
INCENDIARY PUBLICATIONS.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN P. KING,
OF GEORGIA,
In the Senate, April 11, 1836,
On the bill to prohibit the circulation through the Mails of
Incendiary Publications.
[Mr. Calhoun was entitled to the floor, and
expressed a wish that if any Senator wished to
address the Senate he could do so, as his argu-
ments were to be found in his report, which Sen-
ators had read, and he wished to conclude the
argument.]
Mr. KING, of Georgia, said he had intended
to say something upon the subject before the
question was taken on engrossing the bill, and as
the Senator from South Carolina so wished it, he
would as soon say it then as at any other time.
He should support and vote for the bill, and if
the chairman of the committee had been content
to report the bill without his reason for it, no dis-
cussion would have arisen between them on the
subject of the bill or the bill itself. But as his
support of the bill might be taken as an implied
assent to the principles of the report, he must say
enough to set himself right on'that point.
Mr. K. said, before and since the President
had recommended the subject to the consideration
of Congress, he had thought the subject was clear
of all constitutional difficulties. He did not recol-
lect to have heard the constitutional power of
Congress over the subject seriously doubted until
the President had made reference to the subject
in-his message. That there were difficulties in
the details of legislation necessary to fasten upon
the mischief complained of, had been anticipated
by many.
But (Mr. K. said) positions had been assumed
and principles insisted upon by the Senator from
Carolina not only inconsistent with the bill re-
ported, but (he thought) inconsistent with the
existence of th  Government itself, and which,
if established and carried into practice, must
hastily end in its dissolution. He did hot believe
the Government could stand a twelvemonth if we
were to establish, as a fundamental principle, that
principle of permanent necessity for a collision
between the State and General Governments
which he thought might be deduced from the
principles of the Senator from Carolina, as laid
down in his report. What were these positions ?
Why, it was insisted that Congress had no power
so to modify its laws under the Post Office power
as to refuse to transmit matter intended to abolish
slavery in the slaveholding States; because—
1st.' Such legislation would abridge the free-
dom of the press; and
2d. Because such legislation by Congress would
assume a power fatal to the rights of the States.
He thought the second objection the most ex-
traordinary of the two, but would notice them in
the order in which they had been treated in the
report.
He said it was right, however, in the first place,
upon all constitutional questions, for a correct i
understanding of the subject, that we should con- '
sider the extent of the powers granted to this
Government, and then make an analysis or clas-
sification of the powers in reference to the object
of the grant.    We had, then, only to establish a
reasonable- and proper connection between the ■
objects of the grant and the objects of the legis- •
lation proposed, and we had the power required.
It would be admitted that the Government of
the Union was a Government of limited powers. ,
It was established by the people of the United ,
States, in part,and principally, fbrthe controland
enjoyment of such rights and interests as expe-
rience had taught them they could best enjoy in '
common.    But whilst established in part for this ,
purpose, it was to a certain extent, as much the S
object of the national association to add addi- '
tional securities to the independent enjoyment of I
the separate rights of the States as such, as it
was to concentrate the powers of the whole for
certain national purposes.
Under the State governments, the people en-
joyed their nearest and dearest rights. The whole
system of their domestic economy was protected
and regulated under these jurisdictions. They
surrendered none of these rights, of a purely local
character, by the adoption of the Constitution;
but, on the contrary, they added additional se-
curities to them by force and virtue of the na-
tional association. There were many instances
of this; but the most appropriate, and enough
for his purpose, was the right of the slaveholder
to reclaim his fugitive slave on every foot of the
territory of the Union. This was a State right
not previously possessed, and which the slave-
holders acquired by virtue of the Constitution
itself; and the slaveholder had a constitutional
right to the whole power, moral and physical, of
this Government to enforce it. He referred to
this, only to show that, under our system, the
action of the General Government should have
reference to State rights, when those rights were
recognized in the Constitution and secured by it.
It was unnecessary (Mr. K. said) to refer to
the powers of a purely national character. Suf-
fice it to say that both Governments, State and
Federal, were established by the people for their
own purposes. These purposes were not incon-
sistent with each other, and never could be made
eo under a correct administration of both Gov-
ernments. And it was as much our duty, in legis-
lating under the Constitution, to legislate in ref-
erence to the local and peculiar rights of the
States, when those rights were recognized in the
Constitution itself, and by the Constitution se-
cured to the States, as it was so to legislate as to
secure the objects of the Government when purely
national.
The Constitution of the United States, (he
said,) like every other instrument, should be
taken as a whole, and so construed as to make
every clause effectual, and give consistency to all
its parts; and this without bringing the action of
the Government under one clause into collision
with its action under another.
The President, then, had recommended Con-
gress to pass a law so regulating the action of the
Government under the Post Office power as to
withhold the agency of the mail in the transmis-
sion of certain matter, the acknowledged object
and evident design of which was the destruction
of an interest recognized in the Constitution, and
by the Constitution secured to the States.
Under what classification of powers did such
legislation fall ? Mr. Madison, in his classifica-
tion of powers granted to the General Govern-
ment, had spoken first of the powers to secure
the country against foreign danger; secondly, for
the regulation of foreign commerce; and thirdly,
of the important and extensive class—"for the
maintenance of harmony and a proper intercourse
among the States." What (inquired Mr. K.) are
the specific powers making up this class? It was
unnecessary to enumerate all of them; the most
obvious would occur to all. They were also
enumerated by Mr. Madison; and besides the
power to regulate commerce among the several
States, and others, was to be found the power
" to establish post offices and post roads." The
power "to establish post offices and post roads"
was then a power belonging to that class given to
the Government " for the maintenance of har-
mony and aproper intercourse among the States."
It was, of course, auxiliary to every other power
belonging to this Class, but could not be made
inconsistent with any of them. The power was
granted in a general and simple form; it was not
stated what we should carry by mail, or what
We should not carry. This was left to be limited
only by the purposes of the grant, and to be rec-
onciled with the other provisions of the Consti-
tution. With this limitation, like every other
general grant, it was submitted to the discretion
of Congress, who have power " to pass all laws
necessary and proper to carry into execution the
powers granted" in the Constitution.
Mr. K. then asked if the existing laws, which
authorized the transmission by mail of abolition
papers from the non-slaveholding to the slave-
