1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOIJE.
287
24th Cong...1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Pickens.
Ho. or Reps.
istered without officers, and officers must hare
some discretion, and it was possible that such
discretion might be abused. But it was difficult
for anv honest officer to mistake the character of
these papers. The power had been some time
exercised by the Department, and no difficulty
had grown out of it. Unless the papers were
strongly marked, they were not calculated to
answer their object. Their very title generally
condemned them. They were " anti-slavery
records," " emancipators," &c. These were
easily known, when sent in open pamphlet form,
and it was not expected that we would be able
to prevent anything that should be sealed up and
subjected to letter postage. With this charge on
them, they would circulate them, not in such
quantities as to produce excitement. The only
hope was to break up the extensive establish-
ments on Nassau street, from which this inflam-
matory matter was sent—not in bags and baskets,
but by cart loads, to be shipped off to Charleston
and other southern cities, there to produce excite-
ment and be destroyed.
The dangers of this inquisitorial power were
greatly magnified; but admit them, and what
better was proposed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts? Why, he proposed that the States
should legislate. He acknowledged that the States
had full authority over the subject, and proposed
that they should legislate, and that we should
avoid this inquisitorial power " in the Post Office,
Department." Did it escape the Senator that the
legislation of the States on the subject was pre-
cisely the same with as without this law ? We
only proposed to cooperate with the slave States.
And did the Senator suppose that this "inquis-
itorial power" he complained of would be more
rigorously exercised by the cool reasoning post-
masters of the North than by a southern post-
master, a committee of vigilance, and an excited
mob? He presumed not. Why, then, send these
papers from one end of the Union to the other at
the public expense, to trouble and excite the com-
munity, endanger the whole mail, weaken the
national sympathies of the people, and threaten
our institutions, when it was admitted they would
be destroyed before they came into the hands of
those to whom they were directed? There could
be no possible object in this useless agency on our
part, except it be to gratify the pride and ambi-
tion of these disturbers of the quiet of the coun-
try. They, the Abolitionists,' knew perfectly
well that these papers would be destroyed in the
southern post offices by virtue of the State laws,
and yet they insisted on sending them, and had
the effrontery to avow that their only object was
" to keep up an excitement." Would gentlemen
encourage such misohief, and that, too, at the
public expense ?
The Senator from Massachusetts had further
complained that a monopoly of the Post Office
power was granted to the General Government,
and this increased its obligations to carry what-
ever might have been carried by the States them-
selves. Well, in this sense, what sort of monop-
oly was it, and what was its injurious operation?
A monopoly to be complained of, must have sur-
rendered some preexisting right which the party
complaining previously enjoyed, and had surren-
dered. Had the States any right to push their
Post Office power beyond their own limits, before
the adoption of the Constitution ? Not at all.
They had still the use of the Post Office for all
purposes within their own limits; and had, by
the Constitution, acquired its use all over the
Union, for all national, social, and constitutional
purposes. By this monopoly,Cher), they had ac-
quired a great deal, and lost nothing.
But the Senator was apprehensive that the prin-
ciples of this bill would recognize the right of the
States to pass any law theypleased, breaking up
all intercourse among the States, and that Con-
gress would be bound to adopt it. Here the Sen-
ator had fallen into the same erfor in relation to
the power of the States that the Senator from
Carolina had in relation to the General Govern-
ment. The powers of each had their limits; and
a  we did not assume unlimited power in the
General Government by exercising its powers
within their limits, so we did not give unlimited
power to the States by recognizing that which all
acknowledged they properly had. If the States
were to legislate beyond their own rights, and attack
the Post Office power, their acts would be void.
It was unnecessary here, he stated, to inquire
what the States might properly stop from circu-
lation within their limits, and what they could
not. He could only say to the Senator, that when
they proposed anything improper, it would be
time enough to consider whether he would co-
operate; and he would further state, that when-
ever any State might think proper to prevent the
circulation of any matter within its limits, and
their right to do so was clearly acknowledged, as in
this case, it would be very useless, unprofitable,
and improper for the General Government to
carry such forbidden matter to them, to be.de-
stroyed in their post offices before .distributed.
Whenever we acknowledge a right, we ought to
respect it.
He hoped the bill'would pass. It would doubt-
less do some good; and it would, at any rate,
show to the South a disposition in Congress to
cooperate, as far as the Constitution will allow,
to prevent these unwarrantable interferences with
their rights. He said he was willing to give the
agitators all their constitutional rights, however
mischievous their intentions, but he was willing
to give them nothing more, and would not consent
to lend them .the agency of the Government for
the purposes of pure and unmixed mischief.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
SPEECH OF HON. F. W., PICKENS,
OF SOOTH CAROLINA,
In TO* Hobs  or RKPKksXNT&tifES, .
January 21, 1836.
The resolution of Mr. Wise, declaring that Congress baa
no power under the Constitution to abolish Slavery in
the District of Columbia, tec., bang undei «maiden*
tiOB—
Mr. PICKENS rose,  nd observed that he re-
gretted exceedingly the necessity that inflüce'd?
him to say anything on the interesting and deeply1
excitingrtopic before the House. Sir, when T
had occasion, some weeks since, to make a few
remarks on this subject, I, as well as the party I
have the honor to be associated with., was de-
nounced, as attempting to raise a discussion and
excitement fbr party purposes. It was said that,
like the Hartford convention men and Abolition-
ists, we were put down and sunk iri the country,
and that we desired some sectional excitement
to raise u s from our weak position, &c. I would
disdain to notice this, If the charge had originated
from, and been confined to, a miserable whipster
editor, who has been hired to hunt down all that
is virtuous and intellectual in the country—who
has fed upon calumny, and fattens upon slander,
and upon whose countenance envy and malignity
hold their cadaverous union—I would loathe to
touch this pitiful thing that lives by licking the
spittle of men, if it were not that it is understood
to represent the executive branch of this Gov-
ernment, that it is the organ of the dominant
party that now rules the destinies of this Repub-
lic. This being the fact, I call upon every h onest
and virtuous man to brand it with the indignation
that its falsehood and infamy deserve. Let no
man suppose that, because I belong to a com-
paratively small party, persecuted and misrepre-
sented, my voice is ever to be silenced upon this
floor, when the honor or the interests or those I
stand here to represent may be involved éireetty
ór indirectly. No earthly consideration shall
deter me from uttering the sentiments of my heart
on this subject. Let no man make it a question
for partisan warfare, or for party triumph. If
rises above all parties, and is identified with the
dearest and paramount interests of every southern
State in this Confederacy.
Mr. Speaker, I have seen enough to convince
me that there is an unsound state of feeling here
and elsewhere, totally at war with our rights and
our institutions. I have not read passing events
for the last year to be now deceived at What I
see.   I agree with gentlemen when tBey say the
abolition societies and their open partisans are,
at present, compared with other great parties,
small, so far as numbers are concerned. But, to
ascertain their real strength, we must examine the
peculiar division of parties that exists in the non-
slaveholding States. Take, for instance, New
York, and we find there the anti-Masonic party,
the Whig party, and the party, I believe, called
the "Regency party." From the division of
these parties the Abolitionists become important
and powerful, as holding the balance of power;
hence it is that all other parties desiring their
strength acquiesce, to a certain extent, in their
measures and movements. There is a high game
playing for political power; and those who would
seem to be weak from numbers become strong
from position. Their strength consiste in fanati-
cism—in painting scenes of imaginary evil—in
appealing to the passions of the heart; and, as
the gentleman from^Massachusetts [Mr. Adams!
says, to their religion. And when was fanatir
cism arrested? Look at its history alfover the
world. In its first commencement it is seen like
a speck in the distant horizon; but mark it as it
rises—it spreads and widens, and grows blacker,
and blacker, until it sweeps with the fury of the
rushing tornado, desolating the earth; and the
food and the wise stand as if stricken with
umbhess. while the1 bold and, the strong quake
and tremble like unweaned infants under the
trumpet's blast. In its first struggles it is de-
spised for its weakness; but at (length ",cre <;if
eundo," until' it walks erect in its giant strength
and power; and, Urith the muscular action of a
madman, tramples into the dust and earth those
Who, at first, felt pity for Us delusion, and con-
tempt for its impotence.^ The. only way to con-
tend with it is to meet it, and strangle it in its
infancy.
What has been the history of the last summer?
We, have seen the whole country excited and
agitated to the highest degree. There has not
been a State', nor, county, nor town, from one
end of this Union to the other, that has not been
tremblingly alive to the," general welfare. "So-
cieties upon societies bavi been formed—thou-
sands upon thousands have been raised fbr the'
avowed object of producing a change, á deep and,
vital change' in the domestic institutions of the
southern States'. There is'scarcely a common
newspaper, a magazine,'or'review that1 comes
from the North, but what brings 'something of
prejudice and denunciation against us. There id
not a school book, not a common geography,
which does not contain something by innuendo or
insinuation, calculated to train up our children to
believe that the inheritance of their fathers is" full
of evil and iniquity. The prejudices, opinions,
and moral p'ower of th'tfVhole non-slavenolding
States are directly and 'openly against us on the
subject of domestic servitude. And Well may
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
declare that evé'ry member's speech oh'this sub-
ject, from north of Mason and Dixon's line;
would be an incendiary pamphlet, and if they
pursued á certain course here, they would be
swept from their seats. Sir, under tnese circum-
stances, is it astonishing that we should be ex-
cited here ?
But it is not in our own eoontty fcnly that wé
have to encounter prejudice. Engfahft nasPenMui-
cipated her WeBt India Islands.   France is ahw
this ínstitdtioh.   ------------„         „ _.. ,
view; ftorn thejpdlisned and talented Edinburgh-
down to the Jeremy Bentham, leveling West-
minster, that does not Open itar battery and de
hunciation upon, us. Even, too, that prince of
modern demagogues, Mr. CConnell.in the plen-
itude of his arrogance and vanity, must think fit
to strike the vilest and basest notes to call up the
passions and prejudices of the ignoble and low
against institutions, the trde nature of which his
ignorance forbade him to understand,.and against
a gallant people, whose virtues his natural vul-
garity could never appreciate. He talked about
equal rights and public truth, when he lives upon
a splendid income raised by " grinding the face
of the poor," by drawing the last farthing from a
starving and devoted people!   And here I regret
