288
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Pickens.
Ho. of Reps.
,__deeply regret, that a gentleman on this side of
the Atlantic, distinguished for his learning and !
elegant diction, has recently thought proper to '
echo back these notes, and play a second part to
this Imh demagogue by publishing sentiments,
and a tissue of visionary declamation, calculated
■* to have no other effect than to excite feelings,
sympathies, and prejudices at war with the har-
mony of the Union, and the forbearing principles
of the Constitution, which he, as well as every
other good citizen, has tacitly sworn to support.
I allude to Doctor Channing, and I allude to him
with pain and regret. Instead of standing on his
palmv eminence, with the benevolence and char-
ity of an enlightened Christian, to pour out " oil
upon the troubled waters," we find him incul-
cating sentiments and spreading doctrines calcu-
lated to alienate the affections and sympathies of
the people of this Union from different sections.
Mr. Speaker, we cannot mistake all these
tilings. The truth is, the moral power of the '
world is against us. It is idle to disguise it. We
must, sooner or later, meet the great issue that is
to be made up on this subject. Deeply connected
with this is the movement to be made in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. If the'power be asserted in
Congress to interfere here, or any approach be
made towards that end, it will give a shock to
our institutions and the country, the consequences
of which no man can foretell. Sir, as well might
you grapple your iron grasp into the very heart
and vitals of South Carolina, as to touch this
subject here. Georgia has perceived this, and
felt its full force. She, under these views, has
recently passed a resolution declaring it uncon- |
stitutional for Congress to touch this matter here,
and met the whole subject as became her and her
interests. Under, these circumstances, I was
astonished to hear the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Halsei] intimate that he was willing, for
the present, to give this resolution the go-by.
Here Mr. HALSEY explained that he was.
willing to meet the question, when it came up at
the proper time, in a distinct and independent
resolution, &c.
Mr. PICKENS then proceeded, and said he
would not press these circumstances at present.
Virginia has but the other day passed a reso-
lution to the same purport. She, alive to the
deep stake she has in the question, has approached
near to unanimity on it. The resolution deny-
ing to Congress any constitutional power was
passed by a vote of one hundred and fifteen to
nine in her House of Delegates. There is one
subject at least upon which all parties can unite.
I, was deeply gratified to see that noble State
speaking as became her aneierU character. That
proud State, justly proud from having enrolled on
the scroll of fame her hundred patriots, has felt
her vital interests, and honor concerned, and
moved with a unanimity and spirit that became
the land of Richard Henry Lee, George Mason,
and Patrick Henry. I trust no son of hers here
will fall below the position sh  has chosen to
occupy. Before she can waver or falter on this
subject, directly or indirectly, you must first
break up the foundations of all her institutions;
you must make a new. race of people in her
bosom, who must forget the glory of the past—
«hose- hearts .must heat with impulses and emo-
tions of a new a d degenerate nature—whose
mothers must quicken with a new and unnatural
offspring.
Sir, I deprecate «H party ties and party feelings
in .thjs roaster. It is too aparan a subject for this.
íf there be any manlier? who has any misgivings
or tremblings as to the future on this subject, let
roe «ay to him^ this is no place for him. If there
be any Representative here from any part or por-
tion of the slaveholding race, whose heart is sq
bowed down in subserviency and servility to party
discipline and party organization, as to be drawn
off on this question for the vile purpose of parti-
san ascendency and political triumph in the mis-
erable conflicts of the day, let me say to him,
this is no place for him, unless he is prepared to
cover himself with prostitution. If there be any
gentleman here from the same region, whose
aspirations are to please the dominant interests
of this Confederacy, by sycophancy and flattery,
for the purpose of clothing himself in the livery
and trappings of office, this is no place for him,
unless he is prepared to abandon the inheritance
of his fathers, and cover his children with degra-
dation and ruin. It is of no avail to close our
eyes to passing events around us in this country
and in Europe. Ever3-thing proclaims that, sooner
or later, we shall have to meet the strong and
the powerful, and contend over the tombs of our
fathers for our consecrated hearth-stones and
household gods, or abandon our country to become
a black colony, and seek for ourselves a refuge in
the wilderness of the West. It is in vain to avoid
the contest.
Mr. Speaker, as to the constitutional power of
this Government to touch the subject in any shape
or form within the States of this Union, I disdain
to argue that point. If the dominant interest of
this nation should ever become so bold and reck-
less as to touch the matter, or exercise such a
power directly or indirectly, then, if we hold our
seats on this floor, we shall become the slaves of
slaves, and deserve our infamous destiny. If
ever we should be forced to hold up the noble but
mutilated parchment of the Constitution as a
shield between us and the Goths and the Vandals
who may have come in to desecrate and desolate
all that is venerable and fair in the institutions of
our country, then, indeed, shall we have lived
to see the day when conflagration shall sweep
through the land,and scathe its living monuments
—when the scattered fragments of a broken and
dismembered empire shall exist here and there,
only to mark where the Republic once was.
While I can never consent to discuss the con-
stitutional power of this Government as relates
to the States, yet it becomes us to examine the
powers, under the Constitution, given in this
District.
Mr. Speaker, before we proceed on this point,
it would be well for us to call to our minds the
circumstances and causes that induced the acts of
cession granting jurisdiction in this District.
When Congress was in session in Philadelphia,
a mob created great disturbance, and they found
themselves unable, for want of authority, to pro-
tect themselves and their officers. Hence it be-
came important that they should have some terri-
tory with exclusive jurisdiction over it. The
object and sole desire of Congress was to be able
to protect itself, its officers and its public build-
ings, and make such other municipal regulations
as might be deemed necessary for the harmony,
quiet, and independence of the Government.
When we look at these circumstances, and then
compare the clause in the Constitution conferring
legislative power, we can come to but one conclu-
sion as to the great leading objects of the trust.
The words are  that Congress shall " exercise
' exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever over
' such district (not exceeding ten miles square)
' as may, by cession of particular States, and the
' acceptance of Congress, become the seat of Gov-
' ernment of the United States, and to exercise
* like authority over all places purchased by the
' consent of the Legislature of the States in which
' the same shall be, for the erection of forts, mag-
' azines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful
' buildings."
" Exclusive legislation" here cannot mean ab-
solute and unlimited legislation. This Govern-
ment cannot legally exist in any position without
all the restraints of the Constitution binding upon
it. It is created by the Constitution, and cannot
act in any sphere except under its specific grants.
And to contend that it has. all the powers here
that the States can exercise within their territo-
ries is a solecism in constitutional law; for the
States can exercise all the powers not prohibited
by the principles and spirit of their own consti-
tutions or the Constitution of the United States,
while this Government can exercise no power
not specifically granted by the Constitution, or
absolutely necessary to carry into effect some
specific grant. Exclusive legislation means that
no other Government shall have concurrent legis-
lation. Congress shall exercise " like authority
over all places purchased " for forts, arsenals,
&c. The legislation and authority exercised in
this District, in like manner, shall be exercised
over places purchased for forts, &c. If, then,
Congress is unlimited here, then it is unlimited
in those other places where public works aro-
and, if slavery can be abolished here, then, m like'
manner, can it be abolished in all those piacos ¡n
the heart of a State where there may be public
works, &c. All the power intended to be given
was to enable this Government to protect and
preserve its public works and improvements, and
" like authority" wa- intended to be given in
this District—authority that might be essential
to carry out the legitimate objects of the original
trust, and no more. Any exercise of power be-
yond the obvious meaning and plain intentions
of the grant of power at the time it was given,
is a violation of its spirit and perversion of its
purposes.
Again: the ninth section expressly excludes
Congress from prohibiting the importation of
slaves until 1808. If the clause giving " exclu-
sive legislation" embraces the power to abolish
slavery, then it was created without limitation at
the date of the instrument. But if Congress had,
before 1808, attempted to prohibit the importa-
tion of slaves, here or elsewhere, it would have
been directly against the letter of the Constitu-
tion. There has been no new acquirement of
power since the date of that instrument, nor en-
largement of the provisions of the clause grant-
ing " exclusive legislation." We cannot do that
indirectly which we cannot do directly. And if
Congress had abolished slavery here, prior to
1808, it would have been the most effectual meas-
ure to prohibit this importation, and this they
were clearly and expressly prohibited from doing.
I do not refer to this so much as being perfectly
conclusive, as to show that it was the whole spirit
and intention of the Constitution that this Gov-
ernment should have no power to disturb this
delicate and exciting subject. We all know the
extreme jealousy that existed amongst the States
on this matter at the formation of the Constitu-
tion; so much so, that it was one of the principal
difficulties in forming a " more perfect Union."
Is it to be supposed that Virginia, sensitive and
jealous as she was at that time on the subject of
slavery, would have ceded a portion of her terri-
tory and citizens, if she had, for one moment,
conceived that, under the clause in the Constitu-
tion conferring legislative powers, they were to
be thrown at the mercy of other interests, and
other sections, antagonist to herself on this vital
point ?
The fifth amendment declares that "private
property shall not be taken for public use without
just compensation." Much less can it be taken
for private use. It cannot be taken except for
public use. It becomes, then, important to ascer-
tain whether slaves are private property! And
here let it be observed that there is a loose idea
abroad that we hold our rights to that species
of property under the compromises of the Con-
stitution. We hold them as original rights before
and above the Constitution, coming from the
States in their separate existence. The compro-
mises of the Constitution relate entirely to the
relative representation that the States, as political
communities, shall have upon this floor; but this
is not the source of rights to us in this or any
other private property. The Constitution recog-
nizes them as private property. The second sec-
tion apportioning our representation, the clause
enabling the owner to recover his fugitive slave,
and the clause sanctioning their importation until
1808, all show that the Constitution recognizes
them as property—as things other than persons.
The judicial tribunals of the non-slaveholding as
well as the slaveholding States have all settled
this principle. Then they cannot be taken ex-
cept for public use. What is public use ? If they
were wanted on our public works—if they were
needed in a great emergency, then might they
be taken on just compensation. But if there be
any one thing clearer than another, it is that
abolition was not the public use contemplated in
the Constitution. They cannot be taken with-
ont just compensation, even for public use. How
can money be drawn from the public Treasury,
except through appropriations by law ? There
can be no legal appropriation, except to cany
into effect the specific power granted in the
Constitution, or clearly implied, as absolutely ne-
cessary to carry into effect some specific grant.
