1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
¿4th Cong....1st Sess.
There is no specific power to abolish slavery,
and it being itself a high exercise of substantive j
power, cannot be implied as absolutely necessary
to carry into effect any other power. As weil
might we ]>ass appropriations to pay the people
of this Districtfor their cattle and horses, togive
them the blessed privilege of running free and
unrestrained over the barren hills and waste com-
mons around this Capitol. As to principle and
power, it is the same.
But it is said, all the States may emancipate, and
this District be left without the means of chang-
ing its condition. This is certainly anything but
i constitutional argument; for I answer, that even
if this were to be the case, it is the Constitution,
and will be so until it is changed by the proper
authorities. There is really no difficulty on this
point, as those who choos« can now emancipate
by deed or will. < In connection with the Consti-
tution, let us for a moment examine the act of
cession from Virginia. The proviso declares
" that nothing herein contained shall be construed
'to vest in the United States any right of property
* in the soil, or to affect the rights of individuals
* therein, otherwise than the same shall, or may
' be, transferred by such individuals to the United
' States." Let it be understood that this follows
immediately after the- clause describing the tract
of country and particular extent of territory
ceded. I admit the terms are somewhat equivo-
cal at first. If the words " the rights of individ-
uals therein" refer only back to control Ihe prop-
erty in the soil, then they were of no use, for,
unáer the Constitution alone, Congress could not
have interfered in the freehold. One of the first
principles of the Magna Charta is, that no free-
man shall be disseized of his freehold without the
judgment of his peers. If those words were
meant only to limit the power of the Government
over the freehold of a citizen, then they were
useless verbiage. ' Those who inserted them
must have meant something more. When we
look at the sensitiveness of Virginia on the inter- '
eating and vital subject of the peculiar property
of her citizens she was about to cede, we are led
to believe that she must have meant in the words,
" rights of individuals therein,'' other rights than
those of " soil." Connect this with the clauses
in the Constitution, and no man can refrain from
admitting that it is, to say the least of it, a doubt-
ful power, which every patriot in a limited Gov-
ernment would refrain from claiming as under the
Constitution.
Éut, Mr. Speaker, I take higher ground than
this, and contend that, according to the bill of
rights of Maryland, and the constitution of Vir-
ginia, those States themselves could not have
ceded absolute and unrestrained power over pri-
vate property of any kind in this District. The
citizens of this District had peculiar rights secured
in their property by the constitutions of their own
States; and if Virginia and Maryland had at-
tempted to cede absolute power over this subject,
they would have'violated the rights of their own
citizens, and would have committed not a legal act,
but an act offorce. Next to life and liberty, these
citizens had, under the paramount laws of the two
adjoining States, the rights of property secured in
the most solemn and unqualified manner. And
as well might Virginia now divorce from herself
any portion of her freemen, and transfer them,
bound hand and foot, to the jurisdiction of New
York, as to have thrown the citizens of this Dis-
trict, in their rights to a peculiar property, upon
the unrestrained and tender mercy of this Gov-
ernment.
Again: NoState, from the Potomac to the Mis-
sissippi, under their constitutions as they now
stand, has any right to abolish slavery without
the consent of the individual owners. I assert
this upon the great principle of English liberty
which is incorporated! into every constitution^ that
no freeman shall be deprived of his property but
by the judgment of his peers or the laws of the
land. The constitutions arethe paramount laws of
the land, which the action of no Government con-
stituted under them can legally subvert. States
may do unlawful acts which their citizens may
assent to, or acquiesce in, but this does not con-
stitute legal authority. Those States that hold
slaves as property might, if they desired, assem-
ble in their conventions, representing the sover-
No. 19
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Pickens.
Ho. op Reps.
eign power of the community for the specific ob-
ject of abolishing that property, and the people
might choose their delegates for that alone. But
this would be a reorganization of the body politic
above the Constitution. And even in convention
they would do it under the unwritten and organic
law that governs all simple consolidated commu-
nities, and which exists from the necessity of
the case, that the majority must govern. This
exists only in a consolidated community, when it
is thrown into its simple and original element.
And even then the minority acquiesce more from
a calculation of expediency than obligation.
Sir, if this view be true of the great principles
that regulate evei the power of the States on this
subject, how futile and shallow is that argument
which claims for this Government all the legisla-
tive powers here that the States have within
their territories! But it is stronger than this.
The Government of the United States can acquire
no legal power even by consent of citizens. It
has no existence beyond the express grants of
the Constitution, and no power «an be acquired
for it by the action or acquiescence of the people,
as people, or citizens; this must be given by the
States that made it.
There is a wide mistake and loose notion on
this subject of the power of Government over
private property. Gentlemen draw their ideas on
this subject from the history of European Govern-
ments and the jurisprudence of Great Britain. If
there be any one principle that has distinguished
our Revolution from all others, it is this—that we
have succeeded in limiting and restricting the
power of Government over private property, and
more effectually securing the rights of citizens
thereto. If this was not the great principle of
the American Revolution, then it has none. The
line that separates the power of Government from
private property is the'Hne that defines the limits
of liberty in all countries. I know, sir, that the
British Government, under the claim of omnipo-
1 tence in Parliament, has again and again trampled
j over the great principles of the Magna Charta,
Í and it is not there that we ere to look for exam-
| pies to define our notions of power in Govern-
ment over the property of a free people. Under
the plea of State necessity and the high preroga-
tives of police power, a country may be protected
and a people regulated, but the Government may
be a despotism. But in this country, with our
constitutions and limitations defined, I deny the
right to interfere with private property except by
"due process of law" through the verdict of a
jury of freemen.
It is, however, suggested that, although you
cannot pass an act to abolish slavery at present,
yet you may pass it to take effect in future, upon
the post nati principle. Let us examine this. If
i the rights of citizens be secured unqualifiedly at
present under the Constitution, how can you
directly or indirectly interfere in the future ? If I
have a perfect right to my stock, I have a right
to its proceeds, and the Government that attempts
to cut pff the right of proceeds, is as absolute
and despotic as that which would take the prop-
erty itself. A free Government may regulate and
shape " descents," to preserve and protect them
for the benefit of its citizens, but no Government
is free that, instead of a wholesome and judicious
exercise of its power, usurps to cut them off en-
tirely. If Government have no right to destroy
the existing property itself, it has no right to
destroy its proceeds. The principle and the power
are the same in the one case as the other.
Mr. Speaker, allow me to suggest to our north-
ern friends the propriety, if they can, of taking
these constitutional grounds. I Respectfully sug-
gest whether it would not be better for them to
raise the constitutional restrictions as a shield
between themselves and popular fanaticism, than
to rely upon the grounds of expediency. If they
intend to save the institutions of this* country, let
them raise the constitutional powers against the
movements of Abolition in this District; let them
go home with the Constitution in their hands, to
show that it precludes any interference. I entreat
them to take this ground now, and make the issue
with this Abolition spirit, when the good and the
virtuous have some power and control. Put them
down now, by this and strong acts of local legis-
lation, or you will be compelled to come here and
cry aloud to save this Union, after it shall be too
late, when the beacon fires of an indignant peo-
ple shall blaze over a thousand hills, and the
swords of a hundred thousand freemen shall gleam
on high to avenge our wrongs and vindicate our
rights.
Mr. Speaker, it has been said that slavery is a
"foul blot upon our national escutcheon"—" an
evil"—that "all men are created equal," &c.
Let us examine these propositions for a moment.
" All men are created equal." What, sir, was
the meaning that the author of the declaration
attached to this proposition? Was it meant that
all men are created equally strong and of equal
size? Surely not. Was it meant that all men
were born free ? From the child in the bulrushes
up to those of the present day, there never was
an infent wrapt in " swaddling clothes "that was
born free. Was-it meant that all men were born
with equal rights to an equal destiny? From the
time it was declared that the iniquities of some
should be " visited unto the third and fourth gen-
erations"—from the days of Moses and the chil-
dren of Israel—the history of mankind pro-
claims that there is " an elect and chosen few"
made the peculiar receptacles of the favors and
blessings of an all-wise and all-pervading Provi-
dence. This is the world as we find it, and it
is not for us to war upon destiny.
What, then, was the meaning? It was in-
tended to declare the abstract truth that all men
were born equally entitled to political privileges.
Let us look into this as practical legislators.
Throw man back into a state of savage exist-
ence; proclaim his physical and-brutal propensi-
ties triumphant, and himself lord of the recesses
of the wilderness, and then this abstract truth
may have some practical bearing. But let him
accumulate property; let his intellectual attri-
butes triumph over his brutal nature; make him
civilized; and send him forth, erect in the image
of his Maker, with the light of reason and
benevolence beaming from his countenance, then
his great characteristic is, that he becomes a
social being. Organize him into society, to act
with his fellow-men, and then proclaim the ab-
stract truth that all men are equal, as a great
fundamental doctrine to be practically acted
upon, and you do nothing more nor less than
raise his hand against every other man, and
every other man's hand against him; and, in-
stead of its becoming a doctrine full of light and
peace to a world sleeping in darkness and bond-
age, it becomes a doctrine of universal discord,
confusion j and ruin. True, it is an abstract
truth; but, like all other mere abstractions, it
can have no actual existence. True and prac-
tical liberty, in my opinion, exists among a peo-
ple who live under a system of ascertained and
well-regulated law that has grown up from time
immemorial out of the experience and absolute
necessities of the society that is framed under it;
and for one people, living in a totally different
region, and under totally different circumstances,
to attempt to give a system of political liberty to
another people, Hving under entirely different
wants and necessities, is one of the most stupid
pieces of folly that belongs to the age, and par-
takes deeply of that arrogance and presumption
which would prompt a blind despotism to pro-
claim one universal and consolidated system for
the government of mankind.
In the nineteenth century, when the great inj
stitutioni of civilization had their foundations laid
deep in the wants and experience of accumulated
centuries, let no mart, in the madness and folly
of his zeal, be so reckless as to proclaim a mere
abstract theoretical truth for the purpose of call-
in? up the most envious and malignant passions
of the human heart, which must result in pulling
down all that is settled and peaceful, and spread-
ine around anarchy and blood. Let no public man
act upon a great people by experimental theories.
You may proclaim a truth and form a system
perfect in your own mind, but put it into prac-
tical operation, and you may bring misery and
wretchedness upon a happy land.
Look to the French nation for the last half cen-
tury, that great source of lessons, so full of prac-
tical wisdom. They commenced by declaring
that " all men were created equal. And the next
great solemn «et was to declare there was no
