1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Civil and Diplomatic Appropriation Bill—Mr. French.
Ho. of Reps.
S r. it mar be said that what I ha\ e uttered
teniK to di-.u i o'i 1 did not come here, dema-
«ixnit like, to t ilk about the ¡¡lorus and the
r<i. *-,] u> ot this I mon     Tin si   stand  íecordid
u\ t'n lnsion of tin lountry, md nail no fubk
im, of mini to hold tin m up to tin admiration
0t t it u or d Hut li t nu line say to ,*i nth men
from tin sh\ 'holding rati, ftctrirf ' beiraie ' mi
Jos in \ om _ri n iou:> mJ p itnoti atti lira n* ti
tli - X ti > i \ nu si ni'il find j mi si his finally
dnr-td ti >w i mil km h i  i i idol itrousw oisnip
btfm sim idol mide bj human hands of the
«rcent dan
That I mon, which springs from ambition and
fanaticism—an unnituml offspring, bi got'« n in
sin  and iniquity, foul  and  loathsome  from  its
¡pnr0^v__bl •> id^ottcn and bloated from nailing
ín'spo'U plundeied from others—I scorn to loii
Ra se not ur> this monstT-god. and call upon me
to bow dnw n anil w ors'iip at its unholy and un-
hallowed shrine I disdain to do it Gi\e me
thai Lmon v Inch «iprings fiom truth and vntue,
fair and comely m its form, in a bending attitude
mth an outstntched arm, to raise the fieble and
prottet the weak dispensing equal and pohtn al
tabors, and imposing equal burdens on nil sec-
tions, gi\e mi the Union under the Constitution,
o-ive me the Union that has borne our ttais and
our stripes to the remotest quarters of the habit
able elobe, gne me the Lmon that om fathers
gave us, and I will pledge the last drop of blood
in mv veins to vindicate and defend it—but no
ather Umon
CIVIL \ND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL
REMARKS OF HOV. R. FRENCH,
OF KENTUCKY,
Is THi House of Representatives,
J)VrH 21, 1836
The House took up the bill making appropriations for the
Civil and Diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
rear 1836    The que-uon being on the final passage of the
Sill
Mr Mekcer moved to recommit the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the otate of the Union, with lnstruc
nous to reduce the appropriation tor the custom house of
>iew\ork from $300,000 to $100,000, and also to add an
other section to the bill, by which $23,861,972 or the net
p-oceed  of the public lands should be distributed among
the several State , according to their federal numbers
Mr FRENCH inquired of the Speaker if the
motion made by the gentleman from Virginia per-
mitted a range of debate beyond the merits of the
question raised by the motion itself'
The SPEAKER replied, the debate must be
confined to the mi rits of the question pending
Mr FRENCH said it was not his object or
wish to transgress the rules of order, but there
were certain subjects upon which he desired to
speak, if it were permissible under the rules of
the House to do so; and, therefore, he had made
the inquiry. He would, however, respect the
decision of the Chair, and on some future occa-
sion go at large into the subjects to which he al-
luded "Whilst up, however, he would take
occasion to say that, during the last summer, and
before he was honored with their confidence,
many of his constituents understood from him
most distinctly, and in a public manner, that he
was m favor of distributing among the States the
net proceeds or surplus money arising from the
sale of the public lands. His constituents were
intelligent and patriotic, and knew as well as he
did, that the Congress was under paramount ob-
ligations first to apply to all national objects as
much of the public money as the public interest
and service required. Thatbeingdone,thebalance
of the net proceeds of the public lands remained
to be disposed of by Congress. He held himself
incapable of deceiving his constituents, and every
pledge made should be, on his part, honestly
redeemed. They would not expect, however,
much less require of him, in the discharge of his
duties hire, to depart from the established usages
of legislation, and jeopardize the passage of the
bill under consideration by an amendment which,
if addr d to the bill, might, and probably would,
defeat it
He could not concur with the honorable gen-
tleman in incorporating in this bill the amend-
ment proposi d. Hi did not pretend to a correct
knowledge of the uilts of this House, or what
■wire or were not propir subjicts to introduce as
amendments to thib bill; but he could see no ne-
cessary connection between the subject embraced
in the amendment and that contained in the bill,
on the contrary, for reasons which were to his
mind most ob\ious and convincing, he should be
compelled to \ote against the amendment.
What are the title, character, and object of the
bill undtr consideration' It is a bill making ap-
propriations fir the payment of the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year 1836. Its chaiacter is in unison with its
object, and that is, to piovide for the payment
of the President, Vice President, heads of De-
partments, clerks in the several Departments,
Judges of the Supreme Court, judges of the sev-
eral Federal district courts, in short, of all the
cml officers of the United States, and of out di-
plomatic corps with foreign nations, with which
we maintain a friendly intercourse. This bill is
one required by law to be passed, and Congress
is bound to pass it. If it should be defeated, all
those officeis would be deprived of their pay,
and the great interests of the nation consequently
neglected, unless they would work for nothing.
He said there were other reasons growing out
of the established order and usages of legislation,
operating strongly against the proposed amend-
ment. He alluded to the well known ariange-
ment by which different subjects of legislation are
classified and embiaccd in their appropriate bills.
The subject, for example, of your navy-yaids
belongs to vour navy-jard bill, the subject of the
Navy, to the navy bill, the subject of the Army,
to the army bill, the subject of fortifications, to
the fortification bill, and the bill under considera-
tion, having for its object the pay of the civil
officers of the Government and foreign Ministers,
appropriately exhibits its own classification
Should the amendment, therefore, prevail, it would
derange the order of business, break in upon the
settled precedents of legislation, and, by its ex-
ample, lead to the accumulation of all the great
subjects of legislation into one general bill, a state
of things the effects of which can be better ima-
gined than described.
Sir, he asked, how would it look to see a prop-
osition to distribute the net pioceeds of your
public lands incorporated in your bill to arm and
equip the navy of the United States—in your
army bill—in your fortification bill' And is not
the incongruity equally obvious in tacking it to
your civil list bill>    He, for one, thought so.
The subject of the distribution proposed in the
amendment of the gentleman, was of magnitude
sufficie nt in itself to deserve and receive from
the House a separate consideration. It should
be disconnected from all other subjects, and un-
dergo the most careful, impaitial, and piofound
investigation. Ithade\er been so treated and
considered, and he thought its importance com-
manded that respect for it at least. Why, then,
depart from the usual course ' He Would sub-
mit to the honorable gentleman, whether the
course he was pursuing did not put this highly-
important bill, especially if his amendment pre-
vailed, to the hazard of becoming a law; and
whether, if it failed, its defeat might not lead to
an interregnum in the Government' He would
also remind him, that he was equally (eopardizing
the object, of his amendment. He (Mr. F.)
thought he could discover a state of things in the
House, evidently evincing the propriety of with-
drawing the amendment, and appealed to the
honorable gentleman to withdraw it.
A few days ago, he said, an honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Grennell] asked
leave to introduce a resolution, the object of which
was to distribute the net proceeds of the public
lands, retaining to the new States within which
they he a certain per centum in land or money.
He (Mr F.) was one of those who voted to
let in that resolution, but it was refused by the
House. If it had been received, the House would
have had it in its power to have modified its terms
so as to have made it acceptable to the House
He was disposed to give aH subjects a free and
full investigation, and therefore was willing for
that resolution to come befoie the House
He said there «as a bill pending in another
part of the Capitol, which, if it came to the House,
would present the whole subject of distribution
The Kentucky resolutions, also, upan the same
subject, were before the House, and had called
forth discussion Why not permit those resolu-
tions to go to a committee with the instructions
appended to tiiem, by which the committee will be
required to renoi t a bill to the House, and for that
bill to experience the ordinary course of legisla-
tion > For one, he was willing to refer them, with
the instructions, and so bung up the subject. He
was not disposed to exclude from the House any
subject worthy of its consideration, and therefore
should continue to vote for the admission before
the House of the different schemes, in order that
the best might be selected, and, if possible, made
unexceptionable
The honorable gentleman [Mr. Mercer] was
pleased in his remarks to refer to the veto of the
President upon the land bill heretofore passed,
and to infoiin us that his amendment avoided all
the objections made by the President to that bill.
He (Mr. F ) would also allude to that veto, as an-
other reason why this amendment ought not to
be attached to this bill. Whether the President
would orwould notveto a land bill, passed in the
shape of the amendment of the honorable gentle-
man, he did not know. He,in fact, knew nothing
on that subject, and, but for the example set him
by the gentleman himself, he would not have said
a word about the veto
If, however, the amendment should prevail,
and the bill be vetoed because of the amendment,
and Congress should adjourn without passing the
bill, as was the case with the fortification bill at
the close of the last session, upon whose shoulders,
he asked, would the responsibility rest' Did not
the country look to the majority as responsible
foi the necessary legislation called for by the
public interests, and would not the blame rest,
and justly too, upon them ' Ought not the ma-
jority, then, to exclude from important bills every-
thing endangering their passage, and especially
a subject not within the legitimate range of the
bill' He thought so; when he alluded to the
majority, he meant no disrespect to the minority.
He did not doubt their intelligence or patriotism,
or that they were equally influenced by the high
obligations which rested upon and stimulated
the majority, but merely intended to say that the
majonty, and not the minority, would be held
responsible for the loss of this bill, if it were
lost, a loss infinitely more to be deplored, be-
cause infinitely inore injurious to the country,
than that of the fortification bill. He was com-
pelled, therefore, to vote against the amendment
proposed.
In giving that vote, however, he must not be
understood as opposed to the distribution of the
money among the States, according to their fed-
eral numbers, or as evading his obligations to
those by whom he was honored with a seat here.
He would most cheerfully and unhesitatingly
redeem those obligations, whenever an occasion
arose in the House in which it could be done
consistently with the precedents and usages of
parliamentary proceedings. He added that it
was to guard against all misconception in regard
to the course he felt bound to pursue, and withal
to show the impropriety of connecting with the
bill under consideration the subject of distribution
contained in the amendment of the honorable
gentleman, that he had been induced to trouble
the House at all.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
SPEECH OF HON. GABRIEL MOORE,
OF ALABAMA,
In Senate, February 12, 1836,
In support of the motion not to receive the Petition from
Pennsylvania, presented by Mr  Buchakan, for abolish-
ing Slavery m the District of Columbia
Mr MOORE said he felt sensibly the obliga-
tions imposed upon him by the courtesy of the
Senate, by their adjournment, when this subject
