294
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Surplus Revenue to Fortifications—Mr. Bobbins.
Senate.
intrusted to them, exclusively intrusted to the
E\rcutm, to bo executed b> him' Yotwehave
heard an honoiablegmtleman on this floor boast
tint the momtntvvhtn he voted for this appro-
priation, as proposed, he considers as the proudest
monunt ot fus Ufe What a life that must have
been, if its proudest moment was that in which
an iffort was nude, though unsuccessfully, in
which he participated, and of which he might
say "mag-Jia pais Jul," that went in its direct
tindi ncj and efflct to make an open inroad upon
tlu Constitution of his counti\ , and to undermine
ltsfabric, tounfiame its vei y frame by subverting
the great principle of its structure—namely, that
of kit ping and confining its different powers to
their difftient dtpartments, a separation essen-
tial to the very being of a free Government, and
in which, and by which, liberty herself has her
life and breath and being and aliment' But heie
I take the part of the gentleman against the gen-
tleman himself, and deny that he has done justice
to his life. I do not believe that his three million
vote is the climax of his merit, the ciowning
g'ory of his life; nor that his biographer will so
consider it. On the contrary, I believe that the
merits of his life are so many, and so much
brighter, that his biographer will omit the men-
tion of this altogether; or, it this cannot be done,
that at least he never will record it as one of his
eulogies It will be one of those passages in his
work which the biographer, if a friend, will be
w llling the reader should overlook or forget as
soon as possible.
But it is said the objections might have been
obviated by amendments But how could this
be' Recollect the appropriation was to be not
only contingent, but discretionary—discretionary
as to the object. The discretion was the great
thing desired of us; this was the end and aim of
the project. Now, to make it specific would be,
not to amend, but to destroy the project alto-
gether Subsequent even's show that it was so
considered, for the conferees did make it specific,
and because they did make it specific, the project
was abandoned, and considered as lost and de-
stroyed, and all appropriations for defense were
indignantly abandoned with it. True, this was
not avowed at the time; nay, it was studiously
disguised, for, indeed, it would not do to avow
that the Executive insisted On this discretionary
power as the condition sine qua non to the coun-
try, for having any, even the ordinaiy, appro-
priations for the works of defense. Nor would it
do to avow that the President himself desired a
discretion that, in the then critical state of things,
would make him the arbiter of peace and war
between the two countries, believed, as it then
was and would be, that the desire of this discre-
tionary pow er was prompted solely by his hostile
feeling and intentions towards France. Hence,
all that parliamentary machinery was got up and
playedoffin a House of Representatives nowgone
by, (of which we have seen the evidence in then
Journals,) to give out the appearance to the public
that the agreement of the conferees was not íeportcd
to the House, either for the want of time before the
House became defunct, or foi the want of a quo-
rum to receive the íepoit, and for the further ob-
ject, to hav e a pre tt xt lor fastf ning upon the Senate
the odium of having occasioned the delay which
had occasioned tin loss of the whole bill, contain-
ing all the ordinary, as well as extraoidinary, ap-
propriations for the defense of the country.
But what has all this to do with the real ques-
tion' The real question is, whether the appro-
priation as proposed was constitutional> That
is the question on which we voted, and that is
the vote which we are challenged to vindicate.
Its correctness or incorrectness must be tested by
the Constitution, applied to the appropriation as
proposed, not to the appropriation as it might
have been pioposcd or might have been modi-
fied We stand or fall as. the Constitution shall
determine the appropriation as pioposed to be or
not to be constitutional, so do the gentlemen who
voted for the appropriation as proposed. They
can derive no justification from the possible modi-
fications which m ght have been given, but were
not given, to the appropriation.
Tht Constitution ordains that " no money shall
be drawn from the Tieasury but in consequence
t f appropriations made by law."
Now, an appropriation may be either general
or specific, and it is made a question of interpre-
tation whether specific appropriations only are
heieby intended. This is the interpretation which
the practice of the Government has put upon this
clause, and it is founded upon reasoning which
appeais to me conclusive in favor of the practice,
the reasoning alluded to I will advert to hereafter.
At present I only say that it is not necessary to
decide this question of interpretation in order to
decide upon the constitutional character of the
$3,000,000 appropriation; for that goes beyond
appropriation even the most general, which im-
plies some object or objects already defined and
established by law for the expenditure. But this
appropriation gave not only discretionary power
over the money,but power to originate and estab-
lish the objects of expenditure, and objects which
it is only competent for the legislature to originate
and establish. In this, its distinguishing feature,
making its. distinctive character, this $3,000,000
appropriation has no precedent in our history,
none that has a semblance of analogy to it, not
one. The $1,000,000 appi opnation for diplomatic
intercoms, and the $2,000,000 for the same ob-
ject, so vaunted by some gentlemen as precedents
in point, were not even general appropriations;
for, though general m appearance on the bill,yet
coupled with the proceedings had by the Execu-
tive and the Senate, but for public reasons had in
secret, they became in fact specificappropriations,
as specific as in the nature of things they could
be made. This has been most clearly and hap-
pily demonstrated by the honorable gentleman
fiom Tennessee, [Mr White,] who voted with
us against this appropriation.
But, waiving this, and admitting for the present
these appropriations to have been general, still
the appropriation does not go beyond appropria-
tion. It is for expenditure on the diplomatic m-
teicourse, which the Constitution itself confides
to the executive department. It conveys, neither
expressly nor by implication, any power not be-
longing to the executive department, and inherent
therein, nor indeed any such power, it simply
gives him authority to expend the money upon
a subject confided to him by the Constitution—
namely, the diplomatic intercourse So that, had
these appropriations beengeneral,instead of being
specific, as they in fact were, they would be no
precedents for this appropriation.
But suppose this $3,000,000 appropriation had
not gone beyond appropriation merely—had not
given to the Executive powers which the Constitu-
tion gives to the Congress, and which can only be
exercised by Congress, but was simply a general
appropriation of money to be expended on objects
already established by law, would the appropri-
ation, for being general, therefore be unconstitu-
tional ? This depends, as I said, upon the inter-
pretation of that clause of the Constitution which
says that " no money shall be drawn from the
Tieasuiy but in consequence of appropriations
made by law " The interpietation given to it
by the practice of the Government I have already
ícferred to I think this the true interpretation,
and necessary to fulfill the intention of the Con-
stitution Tor why was this provision inserted
in the Constitution ? Because the theory of the
Constitution supposes the Congress is to raise
all tht funds to be rait>ed foi the Government; to
prescribe all the objects on which these funds are
, to be expended, and to control the expenditure
i on all; and because, to this control, tins provision
was necessary. The Congress is made the trus-
tee of the people for these several purposes. The
Constitution expressly ordains that the Congress
are to lay and collect the taxes, the duties, the
imposts, the excises. To prescribe the objects
of expenditure is implied in the enumerated
powers given to Congress to be executed by
them To control the expenditure, and to enable
Congress to control it, this provision was in-
serted, foi it could have no other assignable pur-
pose. Now, to control the expenditure, Con-
gress must not only prescribe the object, but
limit the amount to be expended upon it, other-
wise, and if Congress only prescribes the object,
but does not limit the amount to be expended
upon it, it is the Executive who controls the ex-
pendituie, and not the Congrebs. Now, to pre-
scribe the object, and  to limit  the amount of
expenditure upon it, is to make a specific appro-
priation. The two things are identical. Then,
as certainly as that the Constitution did intend
the Congress to have the control of the public ex-
penditure, (which nobody disputes or doubts,)
it did intend specific appropriations, and none
other.
I deem it no slight evidence of the correctness
of the interpretation which makes the Constitu-
tion to require specific appropriations, that it falls
in with all our prepossessions on the subject, all
our habitual impressions, all our received opin-
ions, , and this as well of those who approved as
who disapproved of the $3,000,000 appropria-
tion. It is a common, a received and accredited
article of constitutional faith. This has been ap-
parent through the whole of this debate, for those
gentlemen who have defended this $3,000,000 ap-
propriation have labored hard to make out this
appropriation to be specific, or to find somewhere
in some part of our history of appropriations
some precedent that would give some counte-
nance to the generality of this, clearly evincing
that they felt the prima facie case to be against
them; the common impression to be against
them, the tide of precedents to be against them;
in a word, that they had the laboring oar in the
case. Now, this could not have been so if their
previous and habitual opinions had been that
general appropriations were constitutional.
I am aware that, in justice, I ought to make
one gentleman an exception to the generality of
my statement; I mean the honorable gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Brown.] I confess
that he seemed to be wholly unembarrassed by
the difficulties which had so much embarrassed
all the other speakers on the same side of the
House. He had a short and easy way with the
dissenters. He told us that an appropriation,
when passed, became a law, and the money to
be drawn would then be drawn out of the Treas-
ury in consequence of an appropriation made by
law. So, and according to him, there could be
and there can be no such thing as unconstitu-
tional appropriation; for every appropriation,
when passed, becomes a law, and, therefore, ac-
cording to him, becomes constitutional.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buchanan] seemed to think it prudent to be
a little cautious how he answered to the interrog-
atory put to him by my fuend from Delaware,
[Mr. Clayton,] as to general appropriations.
The honorable gentleman looked about him care-
fully on all sides, he seemed to see a dilemma
ahead, and that an indiscreet answer might involve
him in straits where, with Scylla on one side and
Charybdis on the other, he might, peradventure,
get foundered. The honorable gentleman was
too wary to commit himself by a categorical an-
swer. But, if the same interrogatory had been
put to the honorable gentleman fiom North Caro-
lina, I do not see how it could have embarrassed
him in the least, or how any interrogatory of
the sort could. Suppose an appropriation of
$20,000,000, in a gross sum, for the uses of the
Government for the current year, and suppose he
were asked, would that appropriation be consti-
tutional ? His prompt and unhesitating answer I
should expect to be: "Undoubtedly, for, when
passed, it would become a law, and would be
therefore constitutional."
I admit the gentleman to be an exception to the
generality of the statement which I have made,
and that he holds the singular opinion that gen-
eral appropriations are constitutional; and he
holds it, too, for a reason as singular, as it ap-
pears to me, as the opinion itself. Though all
others, so far as 1 know,hold that the lawreferred
to in the Constitution means some law passed
previously to the appropriation, or, at least, inde-
pendently of the appropnation, he holds it to be
the identical law made by the appropriation.
A mind disposed to despondency, on a view
of the falling foi tunes of our free Republic, would
be apt to draw a gloomy presage from one pecu-
liar feature of this debate. It has been made the
occasion by the honorable mover of the resolu-
tions, unprovoked to do it, unnecessarily to maKe
an attack upon the defenders of the Constitution;
and to make their act to pi event and preventing
a violation of the Constitution, a crime against
the country.    He professed his object to be to
