296
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 15,
¿4th Cong.... 1st Sf.ss.
Land Distribution Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
their senue. It is in this nspcit not only mote
numeneil and eiii it nt loi the countiv, but nunc
consonant to the fi el ng of fin m< n. To Mistain
a ¡.publican Gou-rnnunt, ¡ omt sicrifico of libi 1-
tv must be muh font*! del. use. It in a common
duty to piovu the countij m the punts ¿.petii'id
lniheCoii-titutio 1, and for this tin t'i. i Ann man
must rtlinquis.li the lib. ity of íemauung at home
^hen Ins countrj "s sen lie tall*, him to the field,
but it is  im' to "nuke that t-auifiie as li *ht a 
possible. This objt ct will bo attomph&ht d by
the passage of the "bill bttoit us, as it piovults
for the acceptance of \oIunieers in lieu of those
who might oth'Tv ise be riquutd to sine. As
friends of liberty, then, we should unlit sitatingly
pa-s the bill. The cloud which is gathcnng in
our wcbttrn honzon warns us to make immediate
pieparation for the approaching stoim. Our un-
piotected citizens expect it, and the obligation
rests on us. Nothing but a sense of the strongest
obligation could have induced me to occupy the
time for making this explanation of the object of
the bill. The necessity of its immediate passage
forbids further delay, and I earnestly desire the
final action of the committee upon it before the
pnsent morning shall pass away. One day's
procrastination may be productive of fatal disas-
ters, and for the consequences we must bear the
responsibility.
UND DISTRIBUTION BILL.
SPEECH OF  HON. T. H. BENTON,
In Senate, .iprtl 15, 1836.
The bill introduced by Mr. Clay to distribute
the net proceeds of the sales of the Public Lands
for five years, being under consideration,
Mr. BENTON rose to redeem his promise, and
to show that this bill was antagomstical to all the
bills for the defense of the country, and that it
could not be adopted without frustrating the
objects contemplated by those bills. He might
take a stronger position, and assume that this dis-
tribution scheme could not be adopted without
depriving the Treasury, before the five years
were out, of the money wanted for the current
and ordinary support of the Government, and
laying Congiess under the necessity of borrowing
money, or raising the tariff of duties for these
current and ordinary expenses. But he would
not go into that view of the case; the other was
sufficient for his purpose; and he should look to
the Finance Committee, to the members of the
committee individually, as well as to the commit-
tee itself, to present all the views which the op-
eration of this scheme upon the Treasury would
suggest, and especially to show howfarthe whole
proceeds of the sales of the public lands—for the
word net, as used in the bill, was a deception and
a fallacy—how far the proceeds of these sales
could be abstracted from the annual revenue, and
the whole expenses of the land system besides—
for such was the effect of the bill, notwithstand-
ing the interpolation of the word net—the whole
expenses of the land system thrown upon the
custom-house revenue, without leavingthe Treas-
ury destitute of the means of meeting the or-
dinary and cunent expenses of Government.
That committee, or some member of it, charged,
as they were, with watching over the moni y < on-
cerns of the country, would doubtless attend to
this branch of the subject, while he (Mr B )
would find his own object accomplished by show-
ing that the defenses of the country required the
application of all this money which the distribu-
tion bill proposed to divide.
It must be premised, (said Mr. B.,) that the
Senate, as far back as the month of January, on
my motion, and after ample discussion, adopted
two resolves, one declaring that provision ought
to be made for the defense of the country, and
the other calling on the President for information
as to the amount which a general system of
permanent defense would require. The first
resolve was in these words:
" Resohed, That to much ot the revenue of the United
States, and the dividends ot stock receivable from the Bank
of the United Sute , as may lie necessary for the purpose,
ought to lie set ap irt and apphc d to the general defense and
permanent security of the country."
The second in these:
" Reiolved, That the President be requested to cause the
Senate to be informed—
•• 1 The piobable amount that would be ncie—ir\ for
tortiti ins the I iki. in irituiu anil "lilt tioiitu r nt the United
i-t iti -, and -nth point*, of the land frontier a  may require
pi mi un nt loitini.ition-
•••} 'Jin pro'uble amount that would be necessary to
( on-trui t an aili qu ite numb' r ot arnioui s anil ar-( nal- in
the I nitid State-, and to -upph the State- with held artil-
len (t-ptimll\ bri--held pu ee ) tor flu ir militia, and with
-Hi    aim   anil pi-tol- tor tlnir i i\alr\
'•3 The p otiible «mount tint would be necessary to
siipph the 1 niti'd "^tifi's with the ordnance, arm-, and
munition-, ot war, «huh a propi r rigard to self deten-e
would it quirt to In alu iv-on h mil
•• 1. I'lie probable amount that would be neees-arv to
plaie the mtal d< ti n-i - ot flit Uiuti d Sutes (including
the inerea-e ot the Yaw, navv yard-, dock \ard-, and
-ti'im or floating hitteut-1 upon the footing ot -tremxth and
re-peetabihtv which l-due to the security and to the ntltare
ot the Union "
The answer to this call (continued Mr. B.)
has been received; and it is now my purpose to
show, fiom this authentic and official data, that
the defense of the country will require all the
suiplus money which can be found in the Treas-
ury for five years to come, and will leave no such
sum as that contemplated by the distribution bill
to encumber our vaults or to tempt the cupidity
of distubutees. The answer of the President
covers the reports of the Secretaries of War and
Navy; and these cover the more detailed reports
of the Navy Board and of the heads of bureaus
charged with the superintendence of the different
branches of the service. The whole constitute a
body of information rich with facts, luminous
with reasons, and animated by patriotism, which
claims the attention of every considerate citizen
as well as of every legislator, and which cannot
fail to have a decided influence upon the destiny
of the country, and to mark an era in the annals
of its history. I begin with that branch of the
defense which seems to stand foremost in our
system of national defense, and which, among
other merits, possesses that of having won its own
way from a point of low depression to a state of
eminent public favor—the Navy. My plan, and
the very nature of the exposition which I propose
to make, forbids copious details, and confines me
to results and aggregates; but Senators will find
in the document which has been printed, and
from which I quote, the particulars of every
statement, and the facts and reasons by which it
is supported.
In the naval arm of defense the report of the
Navy Board, signed by the president, Commodore
Rodgers, states the sum of $17,760,000 to be ne-
cessary for building vessels; the sumof $1,800,000
to supply the ordnance, arms, and munitions of
war which will be wanted; the sum of $750,000
annually for five years, and two-thirds of that
sum for several years afterwards, for navy-yards;
and the sum of $950,000 annually for the repairs
and wear and tear of vessels.
The annual appropriations for these items, in-
cluding the suppoitof the Navy and of the marine
corps, is stated at $7,000,000 per annum for a
period of about fifteen years; but with a distinct
declaration that so remote a period is only named
upon the supposition that the Treasury cannot
afford larger annualappropriations for this branch
of the service, and that much larger sums can be
annually and beneficially used if Congress should
think pioper to grant them. Mr. B. deemed i
these statements so material that it would be
proper to give the very words of the Navy Board,
and for that purpose he would read some passages
from their report.    He read:
'•To determine the annual amount which it may be
neces-ary to appropriate to prepare the ves-els and reserve
tiames and other materials which have been propo-ed,
«ome tim* mu-t be a-wuined within which they shall be pre-
pared Believing that reference to the ability of the Treas-
ury to meet the probable demands upon it, tor all the pur
po-e-,of the Government, mu-l necessanly b ■ considered
in determining whit amount may be allotted to the Naty,
tin Board have exinuned the report- of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and re-pectfully propose to e-tabh-h the
ordmaiy annual appiopriation tor the Navy, including the
ordnance, at $7,00(1,000
"Tin operation ot «ueh annual appropriations may be
seen by the following recapitulation ot the proposed heads
of expenditure.
For the force in commission and its dependencies, as be-
fore-tated ..........................®J,a50,000
The average appropn ition for navy yard ......      500,000
For the repair- and wear and tear of ve--els___      9"i0,000
For building ve-sels and purchase of material ..   1,300,000
Total for the Navy proper............r$¡^600000
For the marine eorp ...................     400,000
"$7,000.000
I "By the adoption of this ¡¡ioss sum for the Navy and its
dependencies and the other it 'ins a- piopo-ed, $1,300 000
would be annu illv applied to lncrea-mg the number ot'our
ve—el- and the pureha-e of materials, and, with tin- an-
nual expenditure, the deficiency ot $17,760,000 would not
be -upphed sooner than Wween thirteen and fourteen
y i ar-, or at about the y i ar eighteen hundred and fifty The
boaid con-ider tin- as the most remote period at «Inch the
propo-ed force ought to be ready, and are of opinion it
might be prepared much sooner, should Congress deem it
ni'te—try oraihi-able to make larger appropriations than
hl\e been -ugge-tid "
Mi. B. invited the particular attention of those
who suppoi ttd the distribution bill to these state-
ments. The naval branch of the expenditures,
including the marines, is limited to $7,000,000 for
about fifteen years, under the assumption that the
Treasury cannot spare a larger sum, but the
board does not wish to be confined to that limit;
they do not wish to postpone the completion of
the naval defenses until the year 1850; they wish
to complete them much sooner; and aver their
ability to do so if Congress will increase the ap-
propriations. Here, then, is a direct application
for larger appropriations, and a direct averment
that they can be beneficially used. Let these in-
creased appropriations, then, be granted before
any more distress is indulged in at the inexhausti-
ble surpluses in the Treasury, and before any more
lamentations are lavished upon the impossibility
of getting rid of the surplus in any other manner
except by distribution. He (Mr. B.) did not be-
long to the Navy Committee, and could not have
any voice in directing its movements, but he had
no doubt but that that committee would immedi-
ately have an interview with the officers of the
Navy Board—would ascertain in what particulars
the appropriations could be increased, and imme-
diately propose additional sums to the full amount
of the largest beneficial expenditure that could be
made. By this means our naval defenses, instead
of being postponed for completion until the year
1850, may be completed in eight or ten years, the
Treasury relieved of its burden n. an easy, nat-
ural, constitutional, beneficial, and meritorious
way, and all pretext for the distribution bill scat-
tered to the winds.
Mr. B. did not find precise data in the report
for calculating the totality of the expenditures
which the completion of the naval branch of de-
fense would require. For want of a civil engi-
neer, piovision for whose appointment is strongly
recommended by the board, they could give but
general opinions in some cases where detailed
estimates were desirable; but taking the data
furnished for the annual appropriations under the
four heads of increase of the navy, repairs, ord-
nance, and navy-yards, and assuming these an-
nual appropriations to continue until the year ] 850,
and the aggregate would be about $40,000,000.
This (said Mr. B.) is certainly something. It
will certainly cut deep into the surplus, notwith-
standing the confident opinions, reiterated on this
floor, that all the defenses put together, both
military and naval, would not require enough
even to touch that mass of inexhaustible treasure !
Huge indeed must be the mass, when $40,000,000
taken from it will not touch its surface or affect
its amount!
But he (Mr. B.) was not certatn that he could
limit himself to the estimate of the naval boaid;
he did not know but that a larger sum might be
wanted for navy-yaids. Their estimate might
be limited to those yards now authorized by law,
and in his opinion others ought to be established.
He spoke of Charleston, Pensacola, and the re-
port of the Military and Naval Board of 1821, in
favor of Burwell's bay; but did not discuss the
propriety of those establishments at present. A
more suitable occasion should occur; and when
it did, a more enlarged view than a mere military
eye could take might include considerations by
a legislator which could not be taken by an en-
gineer.
Mr. B. expressed great satisfaction at the re-
port of the Navy Board, and had no doubt it
would receive every consideration from the Naval
Committee, to which itwas referred. He would
barely say, in general terms, that he was rejoiced
to see the board act up to the exigency of the
occasion, and boldly propose what the honor, the
interest, and the growing greatness of the country
require to be granted. Fifteen ships of the Une,
twenty-five fngates, twenty-five sloops of war,
