1836.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. White.
Senate.
will be so far completed as to place the United
State* in a condition to cause her rights and her
interest', lur flag and her soil, to be honored and
rtspectfd by the vvholi world
Mr B w ould not pursue the financial view of
thiv subject anv further He left it to gentlemen
of the Finance Committee to render that service
to tluir country Foi himself, he had only ex-
amined the effect of the bill upon the public de-
Jenses, and had show n them to be completely
antajomsucal and wholly incompatible with each
other The public dt tenses must be given up if
the distribution scheme takes effect, there will
not be money for five years to come for both ob-
jects, all this was now established upon authentic
data draw n from the reports of the Navy and
War Departments. This was sufficient for his
argument, but not sufficient to show the whole
mischief of the operation of the distribution bill
It was a tariff bill in disguise It was a high
tariff measure, and supported by all the friends
of the high tariff It was to continue in force till
1841, when the amount of revenue receivable from
imports would fall far below the expenses of the
Government, andwhen an increase of duties, and
the reestablishment of the high tariff, would be
the only resort for supplying the deficiency oc-
casioned by the fatal policy of distribution—a
policy which once begun, can never be relin-
quished.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
SPEECH OF HOÑThüGH L. WHITE,
OF TENNESSEE,
In Senate, March 2,1836
The Petition of the Society of Friends, of Lan-
caster county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition of
Slavery in the District of Columbia, was taken
up as the special order. ,
Mr. WHITE said.
Mr President: I address you under the sol-
emn conviction that if tins Government is to
continue to accomplish the great purposes for
which it was established, it can only be by ad-
ministering it in the same spirit in which it was
created.
When the Constitution was framed, the great
and leading interests of the whole country were
considered, and, in the spirit of liberality and
compromise, were adjusted and settled. They
were settled upon principles that ought to remain
undisturbed so long as the Constitution lasts,
which I hope will be forever; foralthough liberty
may be preferable to the Union, yet I think the
Union is indispensable to the security of liberty.
At the formation of the Constitution, slavery ex-
isted in many of the States; it was one of the
prominent interests that was then settled; it, in
all its domestic bearings, was left exclusively to
the respective States to do with as they might
think best, without any interference on the part
of the Federal Government This, it is admitted
by every gentleman who has addressed you; is
now the case in every slaveholding State; there-
fore, it is only urged that Congress has the power
to abolish slavi ry in the District of Columbia.
It should never be forgotten that, when the Con-
stitution was formed and adopted, what is now
the District of Columbia was then comprehended
within two of the slaveholding States, Maryland
and Virginia.
Suppose, when all the details of the Constitu-
tion had been adjusted, it had been foreseen that
the District of Columbia would be formed out of
a tract of country ceded by those States, and
situated in the center between them, it had been
asked of the members of the Convention, what
do you intend as to the District' You have
placed the question of slavery in the States
entirely under their control within their respec-
tive limits,—do you intend that Congress shall
have the power to abolish slavery in the District'
Would not every man have answered in the neg-
ative '
It has been said that when petitions to abolish
slavery are presented to either House of Con-
gress, those who dtmand the question whether
they shall be receivf d, and thus produce discus-
sion, are agitatois, and produce excitement on
this delicate subject     To me it seems this is
unfair. Let us for a moment consider the cir-
eustances of the country, and the situation in
which we are all placed
There are twenty-four States, several Territo-
ries, and this District Thirteen of these States
have no slaves, the other eleven have slaves, in
fact, their slaves constitute a large item of all the
property they own During the past year, it has
so happened that many newspapers, pamphlets,
and pictorial lepresentations made their appeal -
anee, and were, through the mail, and by other
means, extensively cnculated in the slaveholding
States. By these means, a spmt of disc<9ntent
was created, which occasioned much excitement
and disorder in various places, and rendered it
necessary, in a summary manner, to put to
death several white persons and a number of
slaves. In various quarters of the Union there
were assemblages of people, who expressed
their opinions with great freedom. In the course
of the fall and winter, many of the State Legis-
latures have been in session, they have been ad-
dressed on this subject by their respective Gov-
ernors They have expressed publicly their
opinions, the President, in his message, has in-
vited the attention of Congress to it, the Senate
has referred that part of the message to a special
committee, which has made a lengthy report, ac-
companied by a bill, which is now upon your
docket, and must, in due course, be discussed,
and either passed or rejected. Areall these to be
called agitators, and charged with unnecessarily
producing excitement' If not, how is it that
members of Congress are to be thus charged
when petitions are presented that we must in
some mode dispose of5 Each of us must suggest
such mode as we think most correct, and none
can justly be liable to any such charge. If there
is any wrong, it is found in those who, m such
a state of public feeling, will press their petitions
upon us The petitions are forwarded to mem-
bers who feel it their duty to present them, when
presented, others think it their duty to demand
the question whether they shall be received. Is
it true that on this delicate subject every officer
of the Federal or State Government can express
his opinion as to what it is best to do, and that
a Senator dare not express his opinion without
being liable to censure'    I hope not.
This is a delicate subject would to God it had
not been pressed upon us, but as it is placed here
by the petitioners, we must dispose of it. To
enable us to do so, we must think upon it, and
we may tell each other what we think and our
reasons for so thinking. It is not by speaking
upon it we will be likely to do mischief. Every
thing depends upon the temper with which we ex-
press our opinions, and the sentiments we advance.
My wish and aim is, if I can do no good, to do
no harm; and if I believed, in what I propose to
say, I would utter a sentiment from which mis-
chief would be produced, I would close my l'ps,
take my seat, and content myself with yea or nay
to every question proposed by others, leaving
every person at liberty to conjecture the reasons
for my votes: but entertaining no fear of that
kind, I must ask permission to state, as briefly as
I can, some of the reasons for the course I shall
pursue In doing this, I shall not address myself
to Senators coming from either the East or the
West, the North or the South, in particular, but
to the Senate, the whole Senate, because, if it is
| desired, as I believe it is, that we should remain
together as one people, secure, prosperous, happy,
and contented, the whole country, every section
of it having a deep interest in this matter, this
agitation and excitement must cease.
What, then, ought we to do, as most likely to
put an end to those angry feelings which now
prevail'
In my opinion, we should refuse to receive
these petitions It is a mere question of expedi-
ency what disposition we shall make of them
All who have yet spoken admit that Congress has
no power whatever over slavery in the respective
States It is settled Whether slavery is right or
wrong, we have now no power to consider or dis-
cuss. Suppose, then, a petition were presented,
to abolish slavery in the States, would we receive
it' Assuredly we ought not, because it would be
asking us to act upon a subject over which we
have no power
But these are petitions asking Congress to
abolish slavery in this District Have we the
power' I think not. I consider the argument of
the honorable Senator from Virgima,[Mr Leigh,]
upon that point, conclusive. It has not been an-
swered , and I do not believe it can be Slaves are
property in this District—Congress cannot take
pnvate property even for public use, without
making just compensation to the owner No
fund is provided by the Constitution to pay for
slaves which maybe liberated,and the Constitu-
tion never gives Congress the power to act upon
any subject, without, at the same time, furnish-
ing the mean  for its accomplishment. To libe-
rate slav es is not taking them for public use It is
declaring that neither individuals nor the public
shall use them. I will not weaken the honorable
member's argument by going over it.
This District was intended as the place where
the great business of the nation should be trans-
acted for the good of the whole Congiess,
under the Constitution, is placed here to legislate
upon those subjects enumerated and specified in
the Constitution, that we might be able to protect
ourselves, and the officers residing here, and be
out of the reach of the laws of any State. It
was never intended that we should have any
local legislation, except such as would meet the
wants and wishes of the people residing within
the ten miles square We should never permit
this place to be converted into a political work-
shop, where plans would be devised or carried
into operation that would have the effect of de-
stroying the interest of any of the States.
Members of Congress, executive and judicial
officers, were to come from any and every section
of the Union, from the slaveholding and the non-
slaveholdmg States, and their property was to
be as secure here* in this ten miles square, as it
was in the States from which they respectively
came. They would bring their habits and their
domestic servants with them; those from the
Bon-slaveholdmg States their hired servants, and
those from the slaveholding States their slaves.
And who can believe it was intended to vest the
power in Congress to liberate them if brought
within the District.
Again: The right of property in slaves in the
States is sacred, and beyond the power of Con-
gress to interfere with in any respect; yet, if it
be conceded that we have the power to liberate
them in the District, we can as effectually ruin
the owners as if we had the power to liberate
slaves in the States. By abolishing slavery here,
we not only make a place of refuge for runaways,
but we produce a spirit of discontent and rebel-
lion in the minds of slaves in the neighboring
States, which will soon spread over all, and which
cannot fail to compel owners to destroy their own
slaves to preserve their own lives and those of
their wives and children. I beseech gentlemen
to look at this matter as it is. Take, for illus-
tration, the case of a small planter in Mississippi,
living on his own land, with thirty slaves to cul-
tivate it Suddenly it is discovered that one half
of them are concerned in a plot to destroy the
lives of their master, his family, and neighbors,
with a view to produce their freedom, and imme-
diately, with or without law, they are tucked up
and hanged. The man is thus deprived of his
property without any chance for an indemnity,
besides the disquiet and anxiety of mind occa-
sioned by a loss of confidence in his remaining
slaves. It cannot have been intended that Con-
gress, by acting on this sub|ect, should have a
power thus to occasion a destruction of slave
To me it seems that we ought to treat these
petitions precisely as we would do if they prayed
us to abolish slavery in one of the States We
have no more power to abolish it here than we
have there I think, in either case, we ought to
refuse to receive them. I hold, that if the peti-
tioners ask us to do that which we have no power
to do, or to do that which will be productive of
a great and lasting mischief, we not only have
the right, but that it is our duty, to refuse to re-
ceive them
By the Constitution.no man can be held to an-
swer for a criminal charge but by presentment or
indictment. Suppose a petition presented here,
alleging that some citizen in the District had been
