1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Protection of the Western Frontiers—Mr. Harrison.
Ho. or Reps.
Bhall meet directly, and decide it one way or the
other.    If we reject them, it will then remain for
the people of Michigan to decide what they will
do in the new situation in which you will have
placed them.    To refuse to admit, to deny them ¡]
justice, and then to undertake to prescribe the !,
course of action for them, would be adding insult
to injustice.    If they are refused admission, it
will be for the people of the State to decide what
course to pursue.    If they conclude to retrace
their steps, and  petition Congress  for an  act
similar to what the amendment proposes, it will
then be in time for us to pass such a law.    But
let us not attempt to force them into that course,
but leave them untrammeled, and free to act, as
in their judgment the exigency of circumstances
may require.    He would not examine the objec-
tions which  had  been  urged; they  had  been
explained in a manner he thought satisfactory
and conclusive, by the Senators from New York
and Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wright and Mr. Buch-
asan,] but would notice briefly some new ob-'
stacles attempted to   be raised by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Ewing.]'   That Senator thinks
there is a difficulty in this case which did not
exist in the admission of Tennessee;  he says,
that by the ordinance it was left for Congress to '
decide whether there should be one or two States,
in the northern division of the Northwestern
Territory, and that Michigan has decided this
question by forming a State out of part of the
territory.  So far the gentleman is correct; it does
belong to Congress to decide whether there shall
be one or two States, and Michigan, so far as  .
depends on her, has decided that there shall be
two States.    She probably supposed that the act
of Congress of 1805, defining her limits and
creating a territorial government, had, in some
measure, settled this question, as that act might ¡
be supposed to have reference to the ultimate ¡
creation of a State from the Territory, and its h
admission into the Union.  But Michigan has not ¡
and could not take this question away from Con-
gress; it is now presented, and must be decided
m the question of admission.    By deciding to
admit Michigan, we of course determine that the
territory shall compose two State's, or at least
that it shall not all be comprised in one State. If
the Senator, or any other gentleman, thinks that
the whole territory ought to be comprised in one'
State, that would be a sufficient reason for voting !
against this bill.    But the same difficulty existed I
in the case of Tennessee.    By the cession, the
territory southwest of Ohio was to be formed into ¡j
one or two States, according to the pleasure of ¡
Congress.    But before Congress had acted on  i
the question, the people of the Territory decided  !
that it should  constitute  one  State  only, and ¡
formed a constitution extending over the whole j,
of it, which Congress ratified and approved, and  i
thereby decided that there  should be but one  !
State.   The cases are precisely parallel.                 j!
But the Senator says that it would be, in sub- ¡
stance, the same thing to refer the question of the
change in the boundaries to the people, to be as-
sented to by them in convention, as to refer back
the whole matter. The difference would be very
great; in one case you approve their constitution,
and admit the State into the Union, on condition
of a change in its boundaries, and submit that
Question simply to the people for their assent.
t is also said that the constitution cannot be
changed, as regards the boundary, without com-
plying with the forms contained in it. A vnry
satisfactory answer has been given to this ob-
jection by the Senator from Missouri, that there
is no act which the people, by virtue of their
inherent, indefeasible right of power, of sover-
eignty, cannot do. They can change or abolish
their constitution in such way and form as they
may choose. But there is another answer. The
boundary is no part of the constitution; to change
it is only to enlarge or contract the jurisdiction
of the State. But the constitution is in an in-
choate State—the gentlemen regard it as a nullity,
and mere waste paper. It has been formed as a
preliminary step to admission into the Union,
and is submitted to Congress for its ratification.
If Congress proposes a change in the boundaries
of the State, and make the assent of the people
the condition of their admission, can they not
give such assent in the way we may prescribe ?
Can they not do an act which is to give force and
validity to their constitution? This act is to pre-
cede the operation of the constitution; the pro-
visions in the instrument regarding amendments
can have no application to an act to be done be-
fore the constitution goes into operation by the
admission of the State. Those provisions can
only be applicable to amendments after the State
is admitted, and the constitution is in full force.
But even in that case a change in the boundary
of a State does not change its constitution, and
has repeatedly been done by the ordinary Legis-
lature.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from Ohio
seems to condemn the proceedings of the people
of Michigan, and speaks of them as a mere pop-
ular movement, a sort of revolutionary measure;
but the Senator is mistaken; their proceedings
have been regular and legal. From first to last,
all their measures relative to admission into the
Union have been authorized by the Legislative
Council of the Territory. I think they ha i e acted
with propriety—that they have been patient and
forbearing under the delay, neglect, and what
they consider the injustice, which they have ex-
perienced.
I think their course is clearly justifiable; but if
there is anything wrong or unusual in it, it is to
be attributable to the neglect of Congress. For
three years they have been rapping at your door,
and asking for the consent of Congress to form a
constitution, and for admission into the Union;
but their petitions have not been heeded, and
have been treated with neglect. Not Being able
to be admitted in the way they sought, they have
been forced to take their own course, and stand
upon their rights—rights secured to them by the
Constitution and a solemn irrepealable ordinance.
They have taken the census of the Territory;
they have formed a constitution, elected their
officers, and the whole machinery of a State gov-
ernment is ready to be put in operation; they are
only awaiting your action. Having assumed this
attitude, they now demand admission as a matter
of right; they demand it as an act of justice at
your hands. Are they now to be repelled, or to
be told that they must retrace their steps, and
come into the Union in the way they at first
sought to do, but could not obtain the sanction
of Congress ? Sir, I fear the consequences of such
a decision; I tremble at an act of such injustice !
There is a point beyond which a free people
cannot be driven. Why are the people of Mich-
igan to be vexed and harassed in this way ? They
feel that they are treated harshly—that great in-
justice is done them. They have been opposed
and resisted in every course they have pursued
to obtain admission into the Union; and you have
now divided their territory, and taken from them
a part of it to which they attach great value. In
these measures of opposition to Michigan the
Senator from Ohio has acted a prominent part;
he has succeeded in opposing their former appli-
cations, and in keeping them out of the Union;
he has carried through a bill to divide their Ter-
ritory, of the justice or injustice of which I will
not speak, but the people of Michigan regard it
as an act of great injustice. Will the gentleman
still persist in his opposition ? Does he wish to
drive that people to desperation—to force them
into acts of violence? Does he think that, by
breaking up what has been done, by creating an
excitement, and forcing the people to organize
their government again, the result may be differ-
ent—that it may be more favorable to a certain
party or portion of the population which, he in-
sinuates, took no part in the proceedings in organ-
izing the State government? Whatever may be
the object, such a course is fraught with much
danger. Let us not presume too much on the
forbearance of the people under measures which,
in whatever light we may view them, they will
regard as unjust and oppressive. Who is willing
to be responsible for an act operating on a whole
people, with their passions excited and inflamed,
and calculated to rekindle the extinguished flames
and to produce evils worse than the border war,
which has happily subsided ?Should the amend-
ment of the Senator prevail, a' heavy responsibil-
ity will rest somewhere; and I fear as much of it
will fall on that honorable Senator as he will find
it convenient to bear.
PROTECTION OF THE WESTERN FRONTIERS.
REMARKS OF HON. A. G. HARRISON,
of missouri,
In the House of Representatives,
April, 1836,
In Committee of the Whole on the bill to give to the Pres-
ident the power to accept tbe services of the Militia for
a certain time.
Mr. HARRISON said:
Mr. Chairman: The people I represent are
deeply interested in this subject, and I hope I
shall be indulged by the committee in making a
few remarks.
It is the part of wisdom to accommodate our
condition to the circumstances which surround
us. Before the policy was adopted of removing
the Indians west of the Mississippi, and concen-
trating them upon the borders of Missouri and
Arkansas, it was not so necessary to increase
the Army, or to adopt such measures as would
more readily contribute to the defense and pro-
tection of the country. Before their removal they
were scattered over twenty-four States and three
Territories; and, from their weakness, were con-
sidered more as troublesome neighbors than dan-
gerous enemies. But now, sir, this state of things
is greatly changed, and an imperious duty de-
volves upon this Government promptly and effi-
ciently to afford adequate protection to those most
exposed to the attacks of this uncertain and dan-
gerous class of people. I am glad to see the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cambreleng] and
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Thomp-
son] supporting this measure. They have no
immediate interest in it, as we have. It augurs
well for the cause, and better for their hearts; for,
seeing the danger to which the western frontier
is exposed, they are willing, as liberal and high-
minded patriots, to give us the protection which
we ask.
These Indians are thrown immediately upon
our borders, without our solicitations or consent;
and in such a manner as to make them feel their
strength, and consequently to be more ready to
seek that revenge which their wild and ferocious
temper nurtures against the white man. Now
is the time to increase the military force of the
country. Your own policy has leu to the neces-
sity, and if it is not done in a way adequate to
the emergency, this Government will prove her-
self recreant to every principle for which Govern-
ments are instituted, and faithless to the pledge
which her policy has created. Look at this map,
[holding up a map of the Indian country,] let
gentlemen examine it closely, and answer me, if
the western frontier is not in danger every day
from the attacks of these savages ? Are gentle-
men unacquainted with the Indian character?
Have no lessons of wisdom been collected from
the past? Do they not know the uncertain,
capricious, and savage disposition of the Indians?
And are we to be told that there is no danger—
that all is peace and quietude? Sir, this will not
do; it is mockery. The map which I hold in ray
hand shows our exposed situation; it shows that
the whole borders of Missouri and Arkansas,
from the Mississippi to the R.ed river, are lined
with numerous tribes of Indians, who might at
any time fall upon our defenseless citizens, and,
before they could be checked, might spread far
and wide the work of death and desolation.
This is too much; the very thought of our con-
dition is appalling; and if the Government will
not afford the necessary protection, she will act
a cold, calculating, unfeeling, and faithless part
towards us.                                                        ,
I have been astonished—utterly confounded, to
see any opposition either to the bill or to the amend-
ment offered by my colleague. To a measure so
just and necessary it was impossible we could
anticipate that there would be any objections. I
ask gentlemen if they have seriously considered
this subject—if they have, in sober earnestness,
examined it in all its details? Are they apprised
of the number of Indians, emigrant and native,
that line our frontiers? Do th.y know the dis-
tance that there is between the forts that are sit-
uated in the immense extent of country west and
south of us, and the force —yes, the collected
