312
APFSJVPIX Ta THU GOWaRE^SIONAl, GLQB&
■            '■ -'   •■   ' _______.________i____________í—:____ts______________;____:__________!__
[April 27,
24th Cohg.,..1st Sess.
Armament of Fortifications—Mr. Cambreleng.
Ho. of Reps.
force, which they contain? I particularly beg the
attention of the committee to this branch of the
subject. The report of the Secretary of War
shows that we now have on our northern and
western frontiers, of emigrant and native Indians,
about one hundred and eighty thousand, and that
there will be, when all shall have been removed
west of the Mississippi, about two hundred and
fifty-three thousand. It shows further that the
distance between Fort Towson and Fort Gibson
is two hundred miles; between Fort Gibson and
Fort Leavenworth is three hundred miles; be-
tween Fort Leavenworth and Fort Snelling is four
hundred miles; between Fort Towson and Fort
Leavenworth is five hundred miles; between
Fort Leavenworth and Fort Des Moines is two
hundred miles; and between Fort Des Moines
and Fort Crawford, one hundred and "thirty
miles.
Is this not enough to excite just apprehensions
in the breast of every candid man ? What! two
hundred and fifty-three thousand Indians living
upon a frontier of about a thousand miles in
extent, capable, in the event of a general war, of
bringing into the field at least thirty thousand
warriors; and, in the event of a war of any
description, from two to five thousand, and yet
there m no danger, no cause for alarm! Sir, this
is but trifling with us—it is adding insult to
injustice. But we are answered that the propo-
sition contained in the bill will be a sufficient
protection, and that there is no occasion for the
amendment offered by my colleague. Sir, what
is the great and essential difference between the
proposition contained in the bill, and the amend-
ment of my colleague? The bHf proposes that
the President shall accept the services of the
militia, fot the term of one year, in the event of a
war with the Indians, or in the event of a just
apprehension «/ difficulties with them. 'And the
amendment proposes to give us at once peace and
quietude, by affording us the adequate protection
by raising and organizing another regiment of
dragoons. We ask for present security. We are
answered that we shall have it when necessary.
I say that it is now, and always will be neces-
sary , as long as these Indiansare upon our borders.
But I will tell you when you will give us protec-
tion. It will be when our dwellings are wrapt in
flames; when our fields are laid waste; when Our
people are driven from their homes; when death
and desolation shall stalk over the land: when
our wives and our children shall be inhumanly
butchered; when mourning and grief shall cover
the land, and the tears of the widow and the cries
of the orphan shall tell you the fate of your
wretched policy. Then, it will be then, that you
will be very kind in giving us protection! When
blood has been shed; when lives have been lost,
and when desolation has marked our fair and
beautiful fields as her own, then you will believe
in the necessity of protection! and it is then that
we shall receive your aid! See what you r wretched
policy has done flw Florida. Look at her condi-
tion. Houses burnt-, plantations destroyed; the
people driven from their homes; villages deserted,
and men, women, and children inhumanly slaugh-
tered ! The picture is but begun. Look still
further at the gallant men that have fallen; look
at the inhuman massacres that have been com-
mitted ; and perhaps I may reach the convictions
of certain gentlemen in this House by saying to
tbem,lookatthe millions that have been expended
in endeavoring to put down a few Indians in
Florida. Sir, the whole affair is a disgrace to the
country. It is a disgrace to our name that the
proper steps were not taken to prevent this war,
which could have been easily done; and it is a
shameful and abiding disgrace upon the annals
of our country, that Oceola, at the head of a few
hundred warriors, has baffled the skill and eluded
the grasp of our bravest and most experienced
officers, at the head of a much superior force.
And the War is still going on; and how it will
end, and when, and where, no one knows. Does
not this afford us a lesson of wisdom ? Is not
this sufficient to convince you that for the purpose
of seeming to be very economical and very patri-
otic, we have too long pursued that miserable and
wretched policy which brings upon our people
ruin, desolation,and death, and upon our country
shame and disgrace?  Let us change this course.
I ask it for the honor of the country, and the
peace and safety of my constituents.
The army has been alluded to. Some seem to
think our regular force sufficient to give us all the
protection we need. Sir, it is the most abomin-
able mockery on earth to pretend to fight Indians
with regular troops. They are too slow and too
regular in all their movements to fight an enemy
who only fight from the ambush. Has not woe-
ful experience sufficiently taught us that regular
troops cannot successfully encounter the Indiana?
From the time of Braddock 's defeat tó the present
hour, the history of our Indian wars affords us
the melancholy instruction that it is worse than
idle to fight Indians with regular troops. I do
not mean to disparage our officers and troops of
the regular Army. Braver men than they are,
and braver and more skillful officers in the sci-
ence of war, never lived. It is their very science
that makes them unfit to fight the Indians. Look
back at the Black Hawk war; look at the present
one in Florida, and say if I have not spoken the
truth. I say without hesitation, and I repeat
without meaning any disparagement, that had
the gallant Dodge, with his corps of dragoons,
been in Florida, he would long since have term-
inated the war.
Give us western men—men who can use the
rifle, and who can fight the Indian upon his own
terms, and I answer for it that they will render
to their country a very different account from the
one we are in the habit of receiving from our
regular troops.
Sir, 1 hope the amendment will be carried. I
ask it as a matter of right—as an act of justice.
I ask it for the peace and safety of my constitu-
ents. I ask it to stay the tomahawk, and to pre-
vent the shedding of blood; and you may rely
upon it it will be the means of accomplishing alt
those ends for which I ask it.
I said that I asked it as a matter of right, apd
as a matter of justice. As a matter of right be-
cause we are your countrymen; we are American
citizens, and have the right to look to the Gov-
ernment for that adequate protection which she
owes to every portion of the country, and to all
of her citizens. As a matter of justice because
your policy has placed them upon our borders,
and because you have armed them yourselves.
Never, in the history of our country, have any
Indians been better prepared for war than those
you have placed upon our frontiers. The Gov-
ernment has not only furnished them with the
best of arms, but with the greatest abundance of
ammunition. After having done all this, will you
still hesitate to give us the protection we ask ?
If you do, you are faithless to the pledge which
your policy has created, and faithless to the obli-
gations you owe us as your countrymen.
ARMAMENT OP FORTIFICATIONS.
SPEECH OF HQN. C. C. CAMBRELENG,
,                           OF NEW YORK,
|           In the House of Representatives,
!                             Jlpril 27, 1836,
,   On his motion, made in the Committee of the Whole on
!!     the state of the Union, to appropriate $1,224,000 for the
armament of our Fortifications.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said:
I feel it to be a duty I owe the committee, Mr.
Chairman, in presenting the first proposition to
dispose of a part of our surplus revenue', to sub-
mit some views on the income and expenditure
of our Government. Although I shall take the
occasion to notice some charges, I can assure the
committee that no personal motive could have
induced me to take up a moment of their time.
Believing, however, as I sincerely do, that the
proposition to distribute the surplus revenue
would be disastrous in its consequences, I cannot
refrain from contributing even my humble efforts
to arrest a measure which, if it is ever adopted,
must, I think, revolutionize the character of our
State and Federal Governments,
I regret, Mr. Chairman, that in discussing the
important questions connected with our public
defenses, our Federal expenditures, and the dis-
'I
j position of our surplus revenue, the unusual
course pursued by the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell] on a former occasion should oblige
me to,ask the indulgence of the committee while
I notice some charges which have since been pub-
lished in the journals of the day. I re°ret, sir
that the gentleman from Tennessee, in°his' ex-
tensive and comprehensive speech on political
principles, finances, national defense, and the
policy of patties and of Governments, should
have thought it a proper occasion to notice me
personally, and to arraign my conduct in relation
to the appropriation bills at the last and present
sessions. In regard, sir, to the proceedings of
the last night of the- late session, I concur with
the gentleman that it cannot be supposed " that
the Speaker could possibly remember all that was
said and done on that most harassing ni<*ht."
But there are some things which the presiding
officer of the House on that night ought certainly
to have remembered. The gentleman has charged
jne with gratuitously assuming that there was no
quorum, when he himself announced the fact in
reporting the yeas and nays on the Letcher res-
olutions—the very first question stated by the
Chair after the committee of conferenct returned,
and which remained on other motions still the
question when the. House adjourned at half-past
three in the morning. Again, the gentleman has
argued to prove that it was in my power to com-
mand a quoru/n. This, sir, is an extraordinary
argument to come from the late Speaker, who
was unable to command a quorum, and who,
when called upon to «nforce his authority, and
compel members to vote, declined deciding even
the preliminary question of his power. The gen-
tleman must also pardon me for expressing my
surprise that he, of all others, should now en-
deavor to prove that the committee returned at
an earlier hour than that which I stated on a
former occasion. Sir, I,rely neither upon my
own nor the subsequent recollection of any gen-
tleman. The Journal of this House, is ttye -only
evidence in which confidence can be placed. "The
time when the committee returned is recorded on
that very Journal, made up by the officer of the.
House, and revised, ratified, and signed by the
gentleman himself.
Mr. BELL denied that he signed the Journal—>
explained the difficulty of examining it—that it
was, of course, not read in the House, &c.
Mr. CAMBRELENG. Sir, it is immaterial;
it is made up by the officer of the House, and
should be. revised by the Speaker. My declara-
tion as to the time when the committee returned
is recorded on that Journal; it was made in the
presence of the members of the House; of the
gentleman from Tennessee himself-, of both my
colleagues on the committee, including the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Lewis,] who was
present then, as he is now. That declaration
was uncontradicted then, and will remain so as
long as the reeord of our proceedings shall last.
But the gentleman from Tennessee makes
another grave charge, that " the regular and ordi-
' nary appropriations for the Army, Navy, and
' fortifications, were not reported by the Commit-
' tee of Ways and Means at the first of the ses-
' sion, nor until after the lapse of nearly a month;
' and after they were reported, they were per-
' mitted to sleep upon the table for more than a>
' month before they were seriously moved."
The gentleman must pardpn me for saying that
his attack is unusual and extraordinary. I never,
sir, should have thought of instituting any com-
parison between the industry of the present with
any former Committee of Ways and Means had
not the inquiry assumed a dignity by having been
noticed by the late Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives. The charge, coming from so re-
spectable a quarter, gave me the trouble to ex-
amine our Journals in the long sessions for the
last ten years; and I find that these bills were
never before reported in so short a time after the
committees were announced. The gentleman
may go back, sir, for forty years, and I doubt
whether he will find an .instance in which the
Army, Navy, and fortification bills were reported
as these were, in fifteen days after the committees
were announced. They were announced on the
14th, and these bills were reported on the ¿Jtn
December.
