1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
24th Cong....1st Sess.    Tlie Distribution Land Bill—Mr. Mangum, Mr. Benton, Mr. Linn, etc.
Senate.
interesting report, recommending an increase of |
the ArmVi on winch   the   Military Committee
reponed a bill.    When  that bul comes up for
con<=idention, lie would perhaps take part in the
discussion, and give his opinion more at lir e.
On tiking the question, Mi White's amend-
ment was lost—yeas 20, na\s 21, as follows:
\E\<_Me««r-< Benton, Fuellarían, Crittenden, Hen
druk-,kingoi \libtmi. Knight Linn, McKein,Mingum,
Mure, \ichohs Porter, Prenti -, Pri-ton, Kugglet.,Sliep
lei  «« It, W alker  \\ < lifter, ind U lute— M
\\\~— Mt  r< Bliek, Brnnn, Lilhoun, Cla\ Davi-,
E«ine ot [Hinoi-, Ewing of O no, Gold-borough, GrundN,
Hill, Uulibird Kent Morria, \audiin, Nile*, Rive-,, Rob
bin-, K >bin on, Southard, Tallmadge, and Tomlinson—21
The question was then taken on Mr Robiv-
jcv's amendment, and it was rejected—yeas 16,
nays 27, as follows-
\E4S—Me-srs Benton, Black, Davis, Ewing of Illinois,
EninjofOiiio,Gruiuh,Hendnck~,Kingol Alabama,Linn,
Mwre Morn-, licuóla", Porter, Robinson, Walker, and
T\ eb«ter—16
>A*S—Messrs Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Clav-
ton Lrmcnden, Gold-borough, Hill, Uuhbard, Kent, King
of Georgia, Knight, Leigh. McKein, Mangum, Naudain,
p,i!e~ I're-ton. Prenti -, Rive , Robbin-, "ihepli v, South-
ard, Swift, Tallmadge, Tomlinson, and White—27
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendments made in committee were con-
curred in
Mr BROWN here moved to strike out that
part of the bill which gives the ten per cent, fund
to the new States.
Mr MANGUM did not like the provision in
relation to Missouri and the other new States
He thought it gave them more than they were
justly entitled to. But he had made up his mind
to vote for it on the principle of a compromise.
But if taken out of this bill ne would not vote for
them in a separate bill.
On taking the question, Mr Brown's motion
was rejected by the following vote:
YE \S—Messrs Brown, Buchanan,Cuthhert, Hill, Hub
tord, King of Georgia, McKean, Manguin, Niles, Ruggles,
and Miepley—H
\4Ys —Me sr  Benton, Black,Calhoun CHv, Clavton,
Crittenden, Davn, Eh ing of Illinois, Ewing of Ohio, Golds-
borough, Grundy, Hendricks, King of Alabama, Knight,
Leigh, Linn, Moore, Morn«, Naudain, Nicholas, Porter,
Prenti—, Preston, Rives, Robbing, Robinson, Southard,
fcwifi, romlmson, Walker, Webster, and White—22
Mr BENTON would now make the motion
for which he had given notice some days ago,
namely to strike the name of Missouri fiom the
enumeration of States to which the grants of land
were to be made. He repeated what he had often
said, that it was an injury and an insult to those
States to have their giants embodied in this bill.
He had brought forward the bill for the grant of ,
Missouri before this land distribution bill had
been thought of, it had been amended by the ad-
dition of the names of Louisiana and Mississippi;
had been considered and agreed to by the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
actually engrossed and read the third time, when
it was laid upon the table to be diverted from its
passage, and to be incorporated in the provisions
of this distribution bill
This distribution bill had been vetoed by the
President, and the grants to the new States, ,
including the additional quantities to Alabama, I
Indiana, and Illinois, had all shared of the fate
of the bad company in which they were found.
They fell under the veto, not for any fault in
themselves, but because they were connected
with a measure in which the President found
insuperable objections Thus these six States
had lost their giants for four years. Now they
are, in all probability, to share the same fate
again They aie again put into that bill, that
bill is moie objectionable than it was before.
Judging from the President's public messages, it
was unquestionable that he would again affix his
Teto upon the bill, if it went to him; and thus the
States might be again defeated of their grants.
« might be thought by the Opposition members
tliat they could bieak down the President by these
vetoes They might think that they would rouse
'lie new States against him on account of the bss
of these grants, but this was a mistake—one of
those numerous mistakes into which the Opposi-
tion were constantly falling, and which íesulted
from their underrating the intelligence and virtue
°f the people.   Every man in the new Statei
knows the state of this proceeding. They under-
stand the subject too well to be the dupes of these
crooked tactics. They know that Ohio has had
a million of acres of land for internal improve-
ment, that Alabama, Indiana, and Illinois have
had three or four hundred each, that Missouri,
Louisiana, and Mississippi have had nothing.
They know that Ohio received hers in a bill by
itself, a bill resting on its own merits; and they
know that they ought to have theirs in the same
way They know that bills have been brought
in for that purpose, and that the friends of the
distribution bill have caught them up and put
them into the distribution bill, where they have
been once vetoed, and where they must be vetoed
again. All this they know, and must feel indig-
nant at the insult to their understanding, and the
injuiy to their interest, which this conduct in-
volves.
The calculation upon destroying the popularity
of the President by these tactics is all in vain
The people know who to blame. They know
where to point their indignant resentment. They
know that the wrong to them lies not in the veto
which reacts their grants with the land bill, but
in the original act of stopping their grants, and
putting them into the land bill, and putting them
there to be vetoed' The authors of the land bill
are the opponents of the President; they want to
overthrow him, and for this purpose, among
others, they mix up all these grants to the new
States in this distribution bill, that he may veto
all together, and thus a great storm be raised
against him. But it will not do. The people are
neither ignorant nor corrupt. They can neither
be divided nor seduced. They know that every
Senator who votes for putting these grants into
the distribution, and then votes for the distribu-
tion bill, is in effect voting for putting the grants
where they are to be defeated. With those who
vote to put them in, and then vote against the
bill, it is different. They may have a laudable
object in view—the object of getting a vote for
the grants in one shape, after which they will
have a right to expect the same Senators to vote
foi them in another shape. Mr. B. then made
his motion, that the name of Missouri be stricken
out of the bill, &c.
Mi. LINN said it was far from his intention
to vote for this bill, nor did he believe it could
become a law after what was known of the delib-
erate opinions of the Executive, as expressed in
his veto on this or a measure of a similar kind.
Still he had no wish to see this five hundred
thousand acres of land for Missouri left out of
this bill. He would not only vote to retain this,
but also vote for the five hundred thousand acres
in his colleague's bill His friends appeared to
be amused at the extravagance of his demands
and wishes; but before he was done with the
subject he would convince them that the whole
amount was not too much for Missouri, and that
it was intimately connected with grave and seri-
ous considerations By granting a million of
acres, it could be employed in constructing a line
of railroad fiom the point where the Cumberland
load will terminate on the Mississippi to the
western boundary of the State, connecting it with
the road maiked out by authority of the United
States to the Mexican fiontier. On it could surely
and swiftly be tiansported arms and munitions
of war, and when necessary, any number of men,
to repel sudden incursion or avenge outrage. He
implored the Senate to look at the great western
frontier from the Falls of St. Anthony to the Gulf
of Mexico, and the examination he was sure
would produce feelings of sympathy for the situ-
ation of the people of Louisiana, Arkansas, Mis-
souri, and Wisconsin. The existence of numer-
ous tribes of Indians claiming to be independent
within sovereign States had shaken the Union to
its center, and at one time appeared to threaten a
dissolution of the Confederacy. To get rid of
this embaí raising subject, and to sa\e the Indians
from destruction, then removal to the west bank
of the Mississippi was determined on by the Gen-
eral Government; and following out this line of
policy, tribe after tribe has been located, until
the aggregate amount had become alarming to
contemplate. These Indians were placed theie for
the benefit of the old States exclusively. Have we
not, then, the nght to demand from the justice of
Congress all the means necessary for our defense
and protection' And for that defense and pro-
tection nothing was more important than a good
road on which to transport arms and munitions
of war. War (he said) was at all times terrible,
but a war with Indians was doubly so. The tide
of emigration to Missouri was flowing on in a
wide stream, bearing on its bosom much that was
valuable of industiy, virtue, and capital.
During the last summer, in looking at the in-
terests of a people so suddenly overspreading the
land, his attention was arrested by their extraor-
dinary wants-in mail accommodations. For the
purpose of obtaining all the information necessary
to enable him to act efficiently here, he addressed
a short circular letter to his constituents, in which
will be found the following language:
" That we have not our just proportion of mail facilities
any one will be convinced by an examination of the sub-
ject. This State contributes to the revenue of the Post
Office Department several thousand dollars more than Illi
nois, and nearly as much as Indiana, and yet we are far
behind them in this respect. If tliere mini be a dispropor-
tion, it ought to be in favor of this State, in consequence
of its military position, its northern and western frontiers
being darkened by hordes of Indians, indigenous and im-
ported We have acquiesced in the policy pursued by the
General Government in throwing clouds of savages along
our borders, but it should be recollected that peace and
tranquillity with them is not always to be expected, as a
contest with Great Britain or with our neighbors on the
other side of the prairies would soon have the effect of
orgamzingand putting in motion the elements of hereditary
hatred now sleeping in the bosom of thousands who roam
along our frontiers The recent conflict with Black Hawk's
band should admonish that foreign influence is not always
necessary to light up the flame of war between us "
Recent events in Florida prove the truth of the
last position, and since those lines were written
our neighbors over the prairies have brought down
upon the Americans in Texas all the power of the
great wandering tribe of the Camanches. We
have seen within the last few months the beauti-
ful Territory of Florida laid waste by the unex-
pected hostility of the Seminóles, and who, to
this moment, are unpunished and unsubdued.
Such, sir, are the scenes to be enacted from time
to time on our borders.
Mr. Benton's motion to strike out Missouri
was then rejected—yeas 6, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, King of Georgia, Morns, Niles,
Robinson, and Ruggles—6
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clav, Clavton, Crittenden, Davis, Ewing of initio . Ewing
of Ohio, Goldsbormigh, Hendricks, Hill, Hubbard, Kent,
King of Alabama, Knight, Leigh, Linn, McKean, Mangum,
Moore, Naudain, Nicholas, Porter, Prenliss, Rives, Rob
bins, Shepley, Swift, Tomlinson, Walker, Webster, and
White—34
Mr. BENTON "rose to present the amendments
of which he had given notice. He said that some
members might be supporting the bill under the
belief that they were voting to divide the net pro-
ceeds of the public lands, when in fact the division
went to the gross proceeds. Under the bill as it
stands, nothing will be deducted from the gross
proceeds but the five per centum to the new States,
and the one half per centum to the registers and
receivers. All the other expenses of the land
system, all the heavy items for salaries and ex-
penses of the General Land Office, in the offices
of all the surveyor's general, in the salaries to all
the registers and receivers, in surveying the lands,
in the purchase of the lands from the Indians, in
the annuities to them on account of lands bought,
in the expense of treaties for purchasing lands,
and in the expense incurred in removing Indians
from lands purchased; all these enormous ex-
penses would still remain undeducted, and would
fall upon the custom-house revenue. Mr. H.
referred to documents to show that these items
would amount to many millions, perhaps to ten
millions this year, and must be deducted by law
out of the gross proceeds of the land , or they
would fall on the custom-house revenue, as they
were now payable out of the Treasury, and the
accounting officers would not notice them in ascer-
taining the net proceeds. He said these items
must amount to ten millions this year Two
treaties alone required seven millions and a quar-
ter and was this to be thrown upon the custom-
house revenue, or were the treaties to be rejected
in order to swell the tempting mass foi distribu-
tion > The idea of net proceeds would require all
costs and all expenses about the lands to be de-
ducted; this bill as it stands will not touch their
oost at all, nor an item of their expenses, except
