ato
APPENDIX TO THE COJTOKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 27,
24th CbNG....lsT Sbssv   The Distribution Land Bill—Mr. Ewing, Mr. White, Mr. Wright, etc.
Senate.
the insignificant per centum to the States, and to
the registers and receivers.
Mr. B. addressed the gentlemen who were op-
posed to the high tariff, and asked them if they
wished to revive that measure ? If they did so,
vote for this bill, and their object would soon be
accomplished. Abstract the land sales from the
Treasury, throw all the expenses of the Govern-
ment upon the custom-bouse, and there would
soon be a deficit in the Treasury which must be
• filled by loans or taxes. Revival of the tariff
would then be inevitable, and would be the reg-
ular sequence of the plan upon which the friends
of the high tariff had acted, in the compromise,
and were now acting on the distribution bill.
"Brother Lacttrvs is not atad, but ikepetk." The
high tariff is not abandoned, but postponed. It
was postponed because the issue of the presi-
dential election in 1832 showed that the people
were against it. It was then postponed to save it!
It was openly stated by its author, (Mr. Clay,)
that he had taken it out of the hands of the Phil-
istines—that he had laid it away on a shelf to
rest! Now, it is regular and natural in him, by
diverting the proceeds of the land sales from the
Treasury, to create the necessity for supplying
the vacuum from another source. The high tariff j
is that source, and its revival will be inevitable
upon the passage of this bill. ' Considering this
an important era in our financial history, and
that the future revival of the tariff might be traced
back to its true date and right cause, Mr. B. then
submitted his list of items to be deducted from
the gross proceeds of the sales of the lands, in
the shape of the following amendment:
To come in alter the words " net proceeds "—
—which net proceeds shall be ascertained to be the .bal-
ance which remains, after deducting from the gross, pro-
ceeds all expenses for the year on account or public lands,
to wit:
1.  Appropriations for the General Land Office.
2.  Appropriations for the Surveyor General's offices.
3.  Appropriations for surveying public lands.
4.  Appropriations for salaries and commissions to regis-
ters and receivers.
5.  Appropriations for annuities to Indians on account of
the purchase of lands.
6.  Appropriations for holding treaties for the purchase of
lands.
. 7. Appropriations for amounts pad within Ole year for
the extinction of Indian titles.
8.  Appropriations for removing Indians from the lands
purchased from them.
9.  Appropriations far the five per centum allowed by com-
pact to the States in which the lands lie.
Mr. EWÍNG, of Ohio, could hardly conceive
how the Senator from Missouri's experience
could have led him to the conclusion that nothing
but the commission of five per cent, would be.
deducted. The item for the removal of the Indians
was not properly chargeable to the public lands,
for the reason offered by that -Senator himself,.
that some of the lands cost more than they were
worth, and they were removed more from political
than financial considerations. It was a matter
of indifference to him (Mr. E.) whether the first
named items were in the bill or not; but thought
the latter not a proper charge upon the public
lands, and ought not to be put into the bill. He
believed, however, those other items would be
deducted by the officers of the Government..
Mr. CLAY had beeji alternately in majorities
and minorities, and his experience had taught
him the propriety of submitting when in the lat-
ter; and he would suggest to his friends in the
minority on this bill, whether they had not better
acquiesce in it  passage. He believed the minds
of the Senators were all made up, and no-changes
would probably be made. The position assumed
by the opponents of the bill resolved itself into
the question whether the waste lands to which he
Had before ad verted should bear the whole burden..
The object of removing the Indians was founded
on the gr,eat policy of locating them at one point.
lie thought no part of the other amendments were
necessary to be inserted in the bill, as the plain
import of it was to deduct all necessary expenses
of Government.
Mr. WHITE contended that the removal of
the Indians was a political regulation founded on
humanity, and was a burden in which all the
States were alike interested, and should therefore
be a common charge upon them, as it was for
their Common benefit, and was not properly
oh^m ble to this fund-  He adverted also to the
facts in the case of North Carolina, and made
some comments thereon. This burden, he said,
was put on Georgia, not only in defiance of her
consent, but against her solemn protest, and the
Government was bound to be at the expense of
the removal. The United States never had the
power to cede away any of the soil ceded to her;
and so it was in regard to Alabama.
After a few remarks from Mr. "WEBSTER,
Mr. "WRIGHT replied that this bill swept the
whole public land into one bill. Suppose (said
he) in one year we pay more for the purchase
of lands than all the money received, would you
call the amount received surplus ? The argument
of the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. White] ap-
plied solely to Georgia and Alabama. He asked
him to look to those States besides Georgia and
Alabama, and answer the suggestions he had
propounded. Whatever might be the facts in
relation to North Carolina, the argument was not
applicable to the other States. In his State they
considered the Indian title a mere possessory,
and were every year extinguishing it. They had
there pursued for many years the policy of pay-
ing them the net proceeds, after deducting all
expenses of removal; and would it (he asked) be
contended that it was not a proper charge in the
case of Georgia? We were paying millions upon
millions to extinguish the Indian title; and he
contended it was not for the common benefit of
all the States, but for the particular benefit of the
States from which they were removed. He asked
if Massachusetts considered it as for her particu-
lar benefit that the Indians were removed ?
He thought it his duty to take these lands, and
put them into the market, and apply them as a
remuneration for all this money paid out. He
had heard none of the positions assumed by him
controverted. The question ndw was whether
the simple expenses of these lands themselves
should be deducted from the gross amount.
The friendsrof the bill did not contend that in a
settlement with the Treasury these charges were
not to be deducted; but the officers, they said,
would deduct them. Then why not insert them
in the bill ? They denied the position that the
amount paid for the purchase of Florida and
Louisiana should go into the debit side of the
account, because we had bought the jurisdiction
which they said induced the purchase, and was
an equivalent for the sum paid; and the Senator
from Ohio said the expenses of the removal of the
Indians .should not be allowed in the account be-
cause of certain political considerations.
Mr. W. went into an argument of some length
to sustain these positions denied, by the friends
of the bill; and in reference to the net proceeds
he desired this body to give a construction in re-
lation to Louisiana and Florida.
Mr. PORTER said, that the value of the soil
was certainly no part of the object the United
States had in view when Louisiana was pur-
chased; that the objects were the sovereignty
over the soil and the outlet for the valley, of the
Mississippi to the ocean.
Mr. LINN said he thought his friend from
Louisiana mistaken, and that he could make it
apparent. France, in pursuing her great plan of
uniting the Gulf of St. Lawrence with the Gulf of
Mexico, had erected, at an enormous expense, a
chain of military forts, around which she planted
colonies under a system of land laws peculiar to
herself. On transferring the sovereignty to Spain,
all grants made to her subjects were tostandcon-
firmed by the mere act of transfer. These^rrants
were never questioned by Spain. Spain, oa com-
ing into possession of this noble province, pur-
sued a liberal and paternal policy in relation to the
granting of lands to her subjects. What, sir, (he
said,) has been the course pursued by this Gov-
ernment in the acquisition of this country ? Did
we consider those grants confirmed by the mere
act of cession? No, sir. How did we treat the
ancient, simple-minded, honest inhabitants, who
had lived for generations amid a wilderness, and
Had preserved the lights of religion in that wil-
derness? Was our course a liberal one? No,
sir; differing from us in laws, manners, and cus-
toms, we vexed them with lawyers and unknown
laws, in an unknown language, and interposed
every obstacle that ingenuity could invent to pre-
vent the final settlement of their claims to that
soil which had been conquered by their valor and
improved by their labor. A generation has passed
off, and your tables are now loaded with petitions
for justice at your hands. He said that this
fighting off, inch by inch, step by step, and acre
by acre, these old claims, he thought was some
evidence that this Government attached value to
the soil which they had acquired by money
Mr. WEBSTER said that there were some
considerations that applied with great force against
this amendment. One was, that it proposed to
make up an account of the lands purchased within
the year as an offset against the lands sold within
the year. Now, if the same lands were both
purchased and sold within the year, there might
be some propriety in so making up the account.
There might be Indian treaties within this year
for the purchase of lands costing seven millions
of dollars, which would not probably be sold for
ten years to come. It certainly, then, could not
be just to charge this purchase against the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the year. In every light in
which he viewed this amendment he thought it
ought to be rejected.
Mr. BENTON, in reply to remarks from Mr.
Webster and Mr. White, reiterated the allega-
tion that every ifem that he had enumerated was
strictly and truly a charge upon the public lands,
and quoted the speech of General Hayne, of
South Carolina, to the same effect, when he was
a member of the Senate. Some of these items
were now admitted to be correct charges, but the
main' ones were still disputed, and it was evident
that a twofold object would be gained if they
could be kept out. The first object would be to
swell the amount for distribution; the second
would be to lay the foundation for reviving the
tariff; both objects dear to the hearts of the
authors of this bill, but such as could not be
openly avowed at this time. Mr. B. said the
whole scheme of the bill was a deception and a
fallacy. It professed to divide surplus money,
and yet took the money which was now wanting'
for the public defenses; it professed to divide the'
net proceeds of the public lands, and yet took the
gross proceeds; it professed to take nothing but
the money which came from the lands, and yet
took all that it could find in the Treasury by
scraping back for three years. This was the real
character of the bill, a deception, a fallacy, a
delusion throughout, and masked with professions*
at war with its object. All this would be appa-
rent in time. For the present, it could not be
overlooked that the whole structure of the bill is
changed; it is no longer a bill to divide the pro-
ceeds of the lands in future, and for five years to
come, but it is to reach back into the Treasury,
to travel back through the years 1835, '34, and
'33, and to gather up all the proceeds of the land
sales for these three past years, and commence
dividing this mass on the 1st day of July, and
divide one fourth on that day, one fourth the 1st
of October, one fourth the 1st of January, and
one fourth the 1st of April, 1837. To these
divisions are to be added the amounts received
from lands this year and next year. It is expected
to begin the division upon twenty-eight millions
in July, and finish thirty-eight millions by the 1st
of January next. Now, what is the object and
effect of all this ? Is it the object to take all the
money for distribution, and leave nothing for
defending the country? Is it the object to break
all the deposit banks ? Is it the object to distress
the country by making the deposit banks call in
all their loans in six months? Is it their object
to ruin the currency by enabling Whig States to
draw their distributive shares in specie, compelling
the banks to stop payment, and then calling for
the Bank of the United States as the only remedy
for the evil? Whether this is the object, it will
be the effect; and to do all this, it is necessary to
reach back three years to find money in tru>
Treasury which is not there, and thus make a
larger sum for distribution than the deposit banks
can pay.                                                                
The revenues of the year 1833 were received
by the Bank of the United States, and have been
expended in the public service. No part of those
revenues were ever transferred to Uie deposit
banks; they all remained in the Bank of he Tjm-
ted States until expended; yet this bill, m us
mass pf deceptions and fallacies, assumes that
