1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.                Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Black.
Senate.
tlie deposit banks received all the revenue for the
year 1?33; has separated the land revenue from
the custom-house revenue; has saved that land
revenue to the present day, and now has it in a
separate pile by itself, to be divided out! These
ire the assumptions of the bill; while the realities
are that part of this land revenue never was re-
ceived at all by the deposit banks. What they
actually received for 1833 has been paid out, and
what they have got is the revenue of the country.
The land receipts are in the mass of the revenue,
and in professing to divide the proceeds of the
lands the revenue itself is taken; and it is taken
for three years back, in order to raise an immense
sum for instant division—such a sum as is ex-
pected to tempt the cupidity of distributees beyond
resistance, to ruin the President if he vetoes the
bill, and to ruin the deposit banks and the cur-
rency if he does not. Mr. B. said it was a bill to
revive the tariff, to reestablish the Bank of the
United States, and to crush President Jackson,
and all who opposed it, by mere dint of money!
He asked for the yeas and nays, item by item,
on his amendment.
Mr. EW1NG said he had no objections to the
amendments except to those which proposed to
deduct the Indian annuities and the sums paid for
the extinguishment of Indian titles; and the ques-
tion was taken on the several amendments with
the above exceptions, and they were carried with-
out a division.  •
The question was then taken on the clause of
the amendment proposing to deduct the amount
of annuities paid to Indians for the purchase of
lands; which amendment was rejected—yeas 18,
nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Cuthbert, Ewing of Illi-
nois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King of Alabama, King of
Georgia. Linn, Morris, Niles, Rives, Ruggles, Shepley,Tall- ¡
madge. Walker, and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Clay-
ton, Crittenden, Davis, Ewing, Goldsborough, Hendricks, !
Kent, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Manguin, Moore,Naudain, I
Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston,  Bobbins, Southard,
Swift, Tomiinson, Webster, and White—27.
The question was then taken on the clause of
the amendment deducting the expenses of hold-
ing Indian treaties for the purchase of lands,
which was lost—yeas 18, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Cuthbert, Ewing of
Illinois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King of Alabama, King
of Georgia, Linn, Morris, Niles, Rives, Ruggles, Shepley,
Tallmadge, Walker, and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Buchanan, Clay, Clayton, Crit-
tenden, Daris, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Hendricks,
Kent, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Manguin, Moore, Naudain,
Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Kobhins, Southard,
Swift, Tomiinson, Webster, and White—26.
The next clause of the amendment, deducting
the amount paid to Indians for the purchase of
lands, was also rejected—yeas 18, nays 26; as
follows:
Y EA3—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Cuthbert, Ewing of
Illinois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King of Alabama, King of
Georgia, Linn, Morris, Niles, Rives, Robinson, Ruggles,
Shepley, Tallmadge, Walker, and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Buchanan, Clay, Clayton, Crit-
tenden. Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Hendricks,
Kent, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Moore, Naudain,
Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Bobbins, Southard,
Swift, Tomhnson, Webster, and White—26.
The last clause of the amendment, deducting
the amount expended in the removal of the In-
dians from the lands purchased, was also re-
jected—yeas 17, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Cuthbert, Ewing of
Illinois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King of Georgia, Linn,
Morris, Niles. Robinson, Ruseles, Shepley, Tallmadge,
Walker, and Wright-17.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Buchanan, Clay, Clayton, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsbornugh, Hendricks,
Kent, King of Alabama, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Mangum,
Moore, Naudain, Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rives,
Eobbins, Southard, Swift, Tomiinson, Webster, and White
—28.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading—yeas 25, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Black, Buchanan, Clay, Clayton, Crit-
tendeB, Davis, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Hendricks,
Kent, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Naudain, Nich-
olas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Robbins, Southard, Swift,
Tomlinion, Webster, and White—20.
NAYS —Messrs. Benton, Brown, Calhoun, Cuthbert,
Ewing of Illinois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King of Alabama,
King of Georgia, Linn, Moore, Morris, Niles, Rives, Rob-
inson, Ruggles, Shepley.Tallmadge, Walker, and Wright—
No. 21
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN BLACK,
OF MISSISSIPPI,
In the Senate, February 29, 183G.
The question of receiving the Petition of the Society of
Friends, residing in Pennsylvania, being under consid-
eration—
Mr. BLACK said that, not having expected
that the debate on this subject would be called
up to-day, he had not come prepared to address
the Senate; but as it appeared to be the desire of
the Senate to bring the question to a vote to-day,
he would proceed to make a few suggestions. I
feel, sir, (said he,) an utter repugnance to entering
on the discussion of this question; and my posi-
tion alone forces me into it, rather to snow to
those whose interest it is my duty to guard, and
who feel such an all-pervading concern on all
points touching so great, and to them all-import-
ant interest, that I have not been wanting in
attention to this subject, than with a hope, after
so able a debate, that I shall be able to urge any
new consideration upon the attention of the Sen-
ate. As to a discussion on the propriety of sla-
very, either actual or abstract, it is one into which
I will neither now, nor at any other time, enter;
no consideration can force me into it. My con-
stituents, whatever may be their confidence in
their representatives, never have delegated to
them an authority to debate or determine this
matter. They consider it as settled and closed,
never to be open to discussion or decision either
by this or any other Congress, however enlight-
ened. Their rights in this respect rest on no
other foundation than the Constitution itself—the
same law which gave to this Senate a being, and
by virtue of which they are now assembled.
Mr. President, it is my purpose to make a few
remarks on some points connected collaterally
with this question; and, in doing so, in order to
be as brief as possible, after the lengthy discus-
sion to which this and other similar petitions
have given rise, I will content myself, undef the
present circumstances, with giving merely the
reasons for the vote I feel bound to give.
In this debate, while I must say that many
remarks have been made by Senators who have
favored the Senate with their views which I would
be glad had been omitted, there is a coincidence
of opinion of all, (unless it may be inferred from
what was said by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Morris] that he forms an exception,) that Con-
gress cannot with any propriety, regarding the
interest of the-people of this District, whose local
Legislature they are, and the welfare and safety
of the Union, legislate to effect any of the objects
which these petitioners ask, even in the District
of Columbia. This being settled, the only ques-
tion is, in what way is it most expedient and
proper to dispose of such petitions?
The two propositions presented for the consid-
eration of the Senate are, first, shall the petition
be rejected? secondly, shall the petition be re-
ceived, and the prayer be rejected?
I am clearly in favor of the fir,st of these prop-
ositions as the most direct and unequivocal
expression of opinion against these petitioners the
Senate can give-, and if that shall fail, I will vote
for the other as the second in point of strength.
I would most strenuously insist on the first course
being taken but for the fact that several southern
Senators [Messrs. King of Alabama and King of
Georgia] who have addressed the Senate are
averse to it, and several from the non-slavehold-
ing States whose opinions are altogether with us
have constitutional scruples. I consider this di-
versity of opinion at this time particularly unfor-
tunate, more especially as respects the southern
delegation; and if this were a matter of ordinary
importance, or important as it is, if as heretofore
these petitions were presented by the Society of
Friends (a class for whose virtues all entertain
the highest possible respect) rather for the pur-
pose of avowing their opinions than with a wish
that any action of Congress should take place, I
for one would concede a point, and yield my
opinion to meet the views of others; but there are
other coadjutors more formidable in numbers,
more dangerous in their views and intention ,
and I must add, showing little scruples as to the
means they shall use; and it is also to be con-
sidered that while we are debating this question
there is in the South a heretofore unknown ex-
citement. Influenced by these considerations, I
have found it impossible to yield a single point
by way of concession in deference to the opinions
of others; and notwithstanding all I have heard
about the danger of a false issue being made by
involving the right of petition, being confounded
in the minds of the people of the non-slavehold-
ing States with the already too-perplexing ques-
tion of "abolition," I cannot be deterred from
my course for fear of consequences which do not
and ought not legitimately to follow.
I have said already that I consider a refusal to
receive these abolition petitions as the most direct
way of meeting and negativing them. I will
elucidate this idea by a reference to the ordinary
proceeding on a bill. It is the undoubted right
of every member of the Senate to propose, by
a bill, such provisions as he may think pro-
motive of the common weal. The ordinary
course we know is to test the merits of a propo-
sition of this sort on the question of engrossment
for a third reading, when each member determines
for himself the propriety of the act or the shape
proposed. But if the Senate should think the
enactment improper, in any shape whatever, a
motion may be made to reject the bill after the
first reading. If the Senate should be averse to
the proposition in the manner proposed, or in any
shape which amendments could give to it, and
should also think it improper to permit the ques-
tion to be agitated, they would refuse leave to
introduce it, in which case the Senate would not
have possession of the bill, nor the member
asking leave to part with it. I consider a refusal
to receive these petitions as comparing with a
refusal to grant leave to bring in a bill, and the
second proposition made by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] to reject, imme-
diately after receiving the prayer which they
contain, as comparing with a motion to reject a
bill after the first reading.
If a member of the Senate should rise here
now, and ask leave to introduce a bill to meet
the views of these petitioners, what course ought
to be taken ? I am fully persuaded that the Sen-
ate would refuse. Suppose the matter had pro-
ceeded to the "authoritative command" to which
the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Wall] al-
luded, and the Senator was even instuueted by a
Legislature of a State to offer it, would the Sen-
ate be bound to grant leave ? 1 think we ought
not, and would not. If the Senate would not
entertain this proposition when offered in pursu-
ance of instructions from a State Legislature, it
is something singular if they shall be bound to
do so when presented by a few individuals of a
State because they choose to adopt the form of a
petition. It is upon this consideration that I am
not in favor of receiving these petitions, and not
that I entertain the opinion intimated by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] that
reception gives jurisdiction over the subject.
To ascertain the subject-matters upon which
we may act, we must look to the Constitution of
the United States. I know that precedents are
sometimes resorted to to ascertain the opinions
of former Congresses, as to the proper construc-
tion of the Constitution. These,! do not hesitate
to say, do carry us, in some instances, beyond
our proper and legitimate sphere. These are bad
enough, and ought not to be implicitly relied on;
but to resort to petitions on file would be still
worse. If that were done even in this case, we
should find ourselves already entertaining juris-
diction; for there are many such petitions on our
files from the establishment of the Government.
Mr. President, it is thought by some we are
precluded from taking this strong ground, and
meeting these petitions in limine by a provision
of the Constitution of the United States, found
among the amendments, article first, in these
"words:
" Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-
ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;
or abridging the freedom of speech or of the press; or the
ri'htof the people peaceably to assemble and petition the
Government for a redress of grievances."
There appears to be some difference of opinion
