sm
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 29,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Black.
Senate.
amon"- Senators who have preceded me as- to the
proper limit of the right of petition. While the
Senator from New Jersey, on my right, [Mr.
Wall,] admits that the petition should be re-
spectful in language to the body to whom it is
addressed, in defining its objects, he says, "it
should be as broad as the Constitution itself."
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. King] is willing
to admit no exception whatever either as to lan-
guage or object. I say none. For after disclosing |
that he would vote to receive a petition requesting j
Congress to abolish slavery in the Stale of Georgia,
I know of no stronger case which could be put.
The opinion of the Senate is manifested in the ,
rejection of petitions, for disrespectful language
appears to be in accordance with that expressed
by the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Wall,]
that it is not their duty to receive petitions con-
taining abuse of themselves, when it appears that
the form of petition has been assumed for the
purpose of slandering and abusing.them as a
body, or individuals composing it. Upon the
second branch, no case has happened in which
the reception of a petition has been resisted,
requesting Congress to do an unconstitutional act.
That such petitions may be presented, is easy to
imagine; and that these now presented are so, I,
for one, have no doubt. Am I, and those who
think with me on this point, bound by this pro-
vision of the Constitution to receive these peti-
tions by the force of this provision ? On a careful
examination of it, I think not. The citizens of
the United States have a right peaceably to
assemble and petition the Government—for what?
For a redrew ofgrUvamees. But are the two Houses
of Congress bound to receive and consider com-
plaints on subjects wholly beyond their control,
and palpably not within their delegated powers,
by whatever exciting circumstances they may be
attended, and however much they may endanger
the peace, and repose, and safety of another por-
tion of this widely-extended community? Sup-
pose petitioners, choosing to consider themselves
aggrieved for the want of an established religion,
should request Congress to make a law " respect-
ing an establishment of religion " which.Con-
gress is prohibited to do- in the first clause of this
very amendment, would that be a grievance which
Congress could redress? Or suppose they should
petition Congress to change the form of the Gov-
ernment itself from a republic to an elective or
hereditary monarchy, could you grant redress ?
Would the. subject of complaint be a grievance ?
Why, would we entertain them, consider of them?
No, I say reject |hetn instantly.
These grievances must be theii' own, not those
of other*. In what way conceivable are these
petitioners! inhabitants of Pennsylvania, inter-
ested in the question What property the inhabit-
ants of other States or Districts or Territories
shall hold, or in the conditions and restrictions
upon which they shall hold it? About as much
as they are in the affairs of. the people of India;
and if they should take it into their heads to think
their barbarity and ignorance of Christianity a
grievance, they could with as much propriety
send us a petition to fit up, with the funds of the
Government, a missionary establishment, as they
can interfere in the matters to which these peti-
tions relate. Sir, I say, then, that the holding of
slaves by the inhabitants of the District of Co-
lumbia is a matter of no grievance to the citizens
of non-slaveholding States, in the legal sense of
that word; and if it could by construction be so
considered, it is one which Congress cannot, by
bility, redress. I am willing to adopt the
definition of the right of petition advanced by the
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Wall,] " that
it is as broad as the Constitution," if it is not
to be made broader- The Senator from New Jei>
•ey, [Mr. Wall,] in searching to find some
ground upon which to rest this complaint of
grievance, has said that " the grievance of one
American citizen is a grievance to all, and that
«11 may complain of it," but then presupposes
that this one citizen considers the matter com-
plained of as a grievance. If this petition came
in aid of one presented by those owning slaves
here, this argument would be fair; but, so far
from that being the case, the reverse is known to
be ^rue.   Sir, suppose certain citizens having no
property at all should represent that other citi-
zens had large fortunes, and request an agrarian
law by which all would be made equal, would the
gentleman tell us that the "grievance of one citi-
zen is that of another," and therefore it would
not be a groundless complaint? Wait, sir, until
those who have property think fit to consider its
possession a grievance,and request to be relieved
from it. The two cases are similar in every re-
spect, except that these petitioners do not desire
to be benefited by the dispossessing of the inhab-
itants of this District of their property. -
Mr. President, if we are not bound to listen to
grievances, when Congress has nopo wer to redress
them, as I think we are not, this question should
be settled with reference to the right of Congress
to interfere in the question of slavery. We derive
our power and jurisdiction over the District of
Columbia, first, from the Constitution of the
United States, and, secondly, from the acts of
cession by Virginia and Maryland. From the
Constitution of the United States we derive those
general, pqwers which Congress may exercise
over the District in common with all the country-
embraced within the territorial limits of the Union;
by tl>e acts of cession Congress is subrogated, as
the local Legislature of the District, to all the
powers possessed by the respective Legislatures,
making these cessions with sqch limitations as
they have made. If there were not a single word
said in the Constitution of the United States on
the subject of slavery,! think it would he easy
to show, from the very nature of the powen.itself,
that it is, and must necessarily rest exclusively
with the Legislatures of the, respective States.
Congress has no power to say who shall and who
shall not be hold to service; whether tha¿ service
is a qualified or an unqualified service; whether
it is general as to time,, or limited. Could Con-
gress interfere with the laws of apprenticeship,
common to all the States, by which persons are
held to service for a limited time; or when liberty
is taken away for acts committed, as under the
vagrant laws of some of the States, can Congress
contravene these laws ? But it is not necessary
to advert to these general principles, for the
question is settled and fixed by the Constitution.
The third, clause of the second section, article
fourth, expressly provides, that " no person held
' to service or labor in qne State, under the laws
' thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
' quence of any law or regulation therein, be dis-
' charged fronvsuch service or labor, but shall be
'_ delivered, upon claim ¡of the party to whom such
'service or labor may be aae.¿ There it is
expressly .reserved to the State Legislatures to
say where service may be due. If this provision
had not been inserted, so far as respects the
powers of the General Government, the same
conclusions would have resulted from the con-
struction of the first clause of section ninth, article
first, made irrevocable by article fifth, in which
power is given to Congress to prohibit the intro-
duction of such persons as the States then exist-
ing thought proper to admit, in the year 1808;
which power Congress has exercised by prohib-
iting the further introduction of slaves in the
United States, under the severest penalty. The
General Government being one of limited powers,
whenever a power of a particular subject is
granted, to a certain extent, it cannot be exer-
cised beyond the limit prescribed, and the idea
of its being general is precluded. Congress had,
by this provision, power to prohibit the further
introduction of slaves in 1808, and, by conse-
quence, no other power over the subject.
The idea of any other power is also negatived
by representation being, to a certain extent, based
«pon this description of people. We look in vain
for any other power than the one alluded to in
the Constitution of the United States; we are
obliged to look ,for it in the acts of cession of
Virginia and Maryland. The Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Lsich] has shown, in a very able argu-
ment, which I should only weaken by repetition,
that the Legislature of Virginia had not them-
selves, by the constitution of that State, the power
of abolishing slavery. Their powers are also
limited by constitutional law. No such power
was delegated to them by the people, the Legis-
lature being restrained from interfering with prop-
erty in the same manner that Congress is. How
is it then possible for the Legislature of that State,
by any act of cession, or any other act, to clothe
Congress with more power than they possessed
themselves ? The people of the District of Colum-
bia, being parts of two States, did not, by the
Constitution of the United States, empower'Con-
gress to abolish slavery within the States of which
they formed part, nor did they empower the State
Legislatures to do it. How is it, then, that they
have not this portion of power never given up*
and how is it Congress has got it? Mr. Presi-
dent, if it were even admitted that Congress has
any general power over the subject—which ha 
not been ever contendod for upon ¿his floor__I
think we would find, on an examination of the
acts of cession, particularly that of Virginia,
that, so far from authorizing Congress to abolish
slavery in this District, they are expressly re-
strained. They are expressly required to protect
"all the rights of the citizens therein"—rights
as I presume they then were—and this right of
property was one. It would be a flagrant breach
of this act of cession, as well as of trust, should
Congress even consent to adopt the measure which
these petitioners ask. Can slaves be taken, as
suggested, for "public use?" No: the public,
as such, have no use for them; and the general
funds of the Government, intrusted by the peo-
ple to our care, cannot be used for the purpose
of purchasing them for liberation.
For these reasons, and many more which might
be urged, 1 am of opinion we have no power oves
this subject, and that we cannot redress these,
which the petitioners choose to call grievances.
Disposed as I am at all times to treat those who
come here to petition with the utmost respect and
kindness, I might, although it cannot be con-
sidered as a matter of strict right, be willing to
receive these petitions; but, sir, the excitement
which prevails on this subject in the State from
which I come, in common with all the South,
whose peace and security are threatened by these
proceedings, compels me to resist them at every
step, and 111 every stage.
Are these petitioners such as are entitled to pe-
culiar grace and favor in the eyes of the Senate
Who are they? . They are those who, overlook-
ing the ameliorations which might be made in the
condition of those immediately around them, give
wings to their charity, and seek to. interfere in
the.affairs of others. Sir, I do not allude par-
ticularly to the Society of Friends, who hava
annually, from the formation of the Government,
sent to Congress such a document rather in the
nature of a continual claim, and to declare their
opinion upon the subject, than with any wish or
expectation that their views will be adopted; but
it is to the Abolitionists, who came in as auxili-
aries, with respect to some of whom I do not en-
tertain the same favorable opinion. Sir, I do not
intend to follow the course some have taken, of
denouncing, en masse, this class of people at the
North as fanatical, or hypocritical, or diabolical.
Some there are among them, I have no doubt,
who are agitators for the love of mischief, and
who would be willing to involve the whole South
in one scene of civil commotion rather than desist
from these schemes, which alone gives them
importance. This class, actuated by a depraved
ambition, without regard to consequences, how-
ever awful, prefer to be distinguished by being
the instigators of crime, rather than remain in
that obscurity to which nature has destined them.
To these I have not one word to say; they ara
joined to their iniquities, let them go; but. to
those who are willing to reflect for themselves,
and who have been misled in associating with
others unworthy by mistaken ideas of philan-
thropy, (and I hope this class is numerous,) I
would suggest a few considerations. They all
admit that they have legally no right to act upon
the subject of slavery in other States. Neither
Congress nor the State government can touch
this subject. Is there not an impropriety in your
interfering in the affairs of others by numerous
voluntary associations—by raising large sunis
of money—with which you have legally no right
to intermeddle? Do you suppose yourselves
capable of suggesting considerations upon the
subject which have not occurred to the minds of
