1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Colwnbia—Mr. Black.
Senate.
those who have been accustomed to slavery all
their lives, and have made it the constant theme <
of reflection and study ' Do you suppose that
among the countrymen of Washington, Jefferson,
Midison, Monroe, Heniy, Marshall, and of
Lowndes, there are not men who have equal
sajacity with yourselves, and who are ready to
do" every thing, even to the sacrifice of their lives,
to effect any object which would promote their
country's prosperity and happiness' Is there
not a manifest indelicacy in doing so' Do you
think that you could be induced to alter the legis-
lative and constitutional institutions of your own
States on the dictation of others who are not res-
idents of your States, whose interests are in no
way affected by such change ' If arguments to
show you the impolicy or impropriety of the
political institutions of your own States should
fail to induce you to change them, do you sup-
pose they would become more convincing if to
argument they should add the grossest abuse'
If you should discover those interfering with your
affairs heaping the most degrading epithets upon
you which the language furnishes, forming asso-
ciations to force you to do unwillingly what you
would not assent to willingly, would it not have
a tendency to steel the mind agamst the force
even of truth itself Do you suppose the publica-
tion of pictorial representations and pamphlets,
fabricating the grossest misrepresentations, libel-
ing the whole South, calculated to produce any
other feeling than exasperation' It is for such
trash as this that they levy contributions on you,
which you are induced to furnisji fiom feelings
of (I must call) mistaken philanthropy. Acknowl-
edging there is no legal right to interfere with the
«abject of slavery in the South, societies are
formed, presses are established, papers and pam-
phlets are issued, pictorial representations are
struck and circulated almost entirely At the North,
where slavery does not exist, under the pretext
of enlightening the South upon the subject. These
papers do not circulate in the South. It is easy
to foresee, if you pursue this plan, while the
minds of the people of the North may be well
affected towards the object you desire, that those
of the South must become more and more against
it. It has already had that effect. Slavery was
fast disappearing from the most northern of the
southern States. There was in each of these
States a strong party inclined to hasten the period
when it should, become entirely extinct They
were using efforts to bring about that consum-
mation. The effect of the abolition movement in
the North has entirely silenced all these, no in-
ducement could make them move in the matter.
Another effect of these publications must be to
estrange those feelings of kindness and affection
and sympathy which all portions of this Repub-
lic should feel for each other. The main strength
of the Government consists in this: destroy these
feelings, and it will be worthless; indeed, it can-
not long survive. The inevitable tendency of
this course must be, whether you design it or
not, to the formation of a political party, if any
considerable number of the people of the northern
States untie together upon these principles of
anti-slavery. It is already assuming that aspect.
The leaders are already beginning to throw off
the mask. I see that a certain document, which
is in a paper before me, issued by the head of the
executive committee of the Abolition Society of
New York, contains strictures on the late mes-
sage of the Governor of the State, and on the
Constitution of the United States itself. Tfte
course which the Governor of that State has
thought it his duty to pursue on this subject has
called down upon him the particular displeasure
of this person, and I suppose of the society he
represents For his enlightened and liberal views
upon the subject he is threatened with political
martyrdom in the following language:
"The time may not be far distant when the ghost of this
message will haunt your dreams of popularity by day and
uy night, and show its spectral form astride every path of
your future advancement."
No avowal could be more distinct than this.
The object of those who lead m this agitation is
to drive from political stations all those who
oppose their views, and, by consequence, to get
those in who will favor them; that being achieved,
they will be prepared to give law to their own
party to act efficiently, by the enactment of laws
to suit then views What must be the result of
this' Will the South submit' I say they will
not. Thtir opinions are fully made up, and they
have, as one man, taken their stand. I say,
knowing fully the feelings of that part of the
South from which I came, that the subject never
can be touched except with the point of the sword.
I state this, not as a threat, but as a true state-
ment of public feeling. If any genei al move upon
this subject should ever be made, my constituents
are among those who will oppose to it all the
physical power of the State, if it be attempted
through the invidious efforts of emissaries, if
they should be detected, there is no powei upon
earth that can rescue them fiom punishment
Mercy to him who shows it, is the rule, and he
who lifts his pwn hand against the peace, the
quiet, and security of a whole community, must
expect their hands to be raised against him. I
warn you that another consequence must follow,
of the most awful character, if these mad schemes
take effect The slaves of the South may be
excited to rebellion; the lives of many women
and children may, and probably would, be lost
in the onset; but every one who knows any-
thing of the two races must know that it would
end, and that quickly, in the entire destruction
of the Afncan race The spectacle of slaves
cutting the throats of their masters, mistresses,
and their children, would be changed into one
equally horrid—the masters seeing their faithful
servants slaughtered in their presence, and unable
to protect their lives against the attacks of an
infuriated people in arms. Is this, then, tiue
philanthropy, either to the white or black race'
These consequences, I believe, will as ceitainly
follow as that I see through that window the
hght'of day. If, after considering these results,
too hornble to be enumerated, which must follow
this mad interference of the Abolitionists, you
still determine to persist—go on, you will ulti-
mately see, when too late, in the destruction of
that race which you would assist, in the ruin,
and rapine, and civil strife of the people of this
Union, in the overthrow of this Union itself, the
consummation of a mad, mistaken, and misdi-
rected feeling of philanthropy.
Mr President, I might here close my remarks
but for some observations which have fallen from
Senators in the course of this debate, which I am
sony were not omitted. The Senator from Con-
necticut before me [Mr. Nu.es] told us that there
is no use of avoiding this question, that we might
as well meet it, and discuss it at once; and, at the
same time, he informs us that he considers slavery
as "a moral and political evil." Sir, we have
nothing to discuss as to our legal and political
rights; all admit them, as to its political influence
and bearing on the institutions of the slavehold-
mg States; it is our own business, not his nor his
constituents. We will discuss this question, if
we please, among ourselves; but I trust the time
is far distant when we shall think it proper to
discuss this or any other question, touching our
own rights, with those who have no interest with
us. If there is any political evil in slavery, the
evil is all upon ourselves; for I challenge that
Senator, or any other Senator, to point out to me
any spot on this globe where the African race is
more nappy, more contented, better supplied with
everything which makes life desirable, than in the
southern and slaveholdmg States. As to it being
morally an evil—by which I understand him to
mean that it is demoralizing—I deny it entirely;
and I refer for the truth of this assertion to the
southern people themselves. In what country  
there more of moral virtue or more of those high
qualities of the mind, based on virtue, which
command our respect and admiration' I say
they compare, without disadvantage, with the
people of any other part of this or any other
country. Sir, I must also express my deep re-
gret that the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Buchanan,] whose sentiments generally met my
approbation, and were such as became him, inti-
mated the same opinion.
Mr BUCHANAN here explained. He had
no doubt that the people of the southern States
were as virtuous as any other.   He only spoke
of the subject in the abstract, and declared it to
be the same as that of the people of Pennsylva-
nia generally.
Mi BLACK I understood it as all amount-
ing to the same thing in the end, for we must
always attest the correctness of every theory by
pitcticil illustration, but as the gentleman has
disavowed the allusion, 1 have but one remark
moie to make touching this point, tint is, to point
out to gentlemen the impropriety of passing judg-
ment on the institutions of other States. Sir,
suppose I should, upon this floor, or any one
elsexohae, having as little right to mterfeie in
the affairs of Pennsylvania, invade that State,
and tell him, in íelation to a late action of the
Legislature of that State, that they have lesusci-
tated in their State "a monstei,'' suppose the
charge should be cairied furthei.and it should
be said that all this was consummated through
" fraud and bribery," what would the gentleman
íeply' I think his reply would be a íeady one:
that all such strictures are, to say the least of
them, gratuitous, and that, whether true or false,
it is an intermeddling with matteis which do not
concern any but the citizens of Pennsylvania. I
think this is the mildest answer which she could
or would give. Sir, I might go further, but this
one illustration will suffice Mr Piesident, there
is another matter to which I will allude It has
been intimated that this question has been raised,
or rather these petitions have been resisted m
limine, for the purpose of making it have a polit-
ical bearing, that it is intended to operate injuri-
ously upon the prospects of a paiticular candidate
for the Presidency. Upon whom this is intended
to operate we have not been distinctly informed.
Sir, foi one, I deny it. How is it possible that
honorable gentlemen can thinK that any southern
man, either here or elsewheie, should be willing
to mix up such a question as this with the little
ephemeral miscalled politics of the day' Upon
this subject, so far as the State from which I
come is concerned, there is no party—upon it
there is no diversity of opinion. The prosperity
of that State is identified with it. Are we \> illing
to risk this important inteiest on the result of a
presidential contest' The thing is too absuid
We have no other inteiest in this contest, except
with others, to use our exertions for the choice
of an individual who will honestly and faithfully
execute the laws and Constitution of the United
States.
Sir, much has been said about excitement pro-
duced by the agitation of this subject. Who has
produced it' It is those who have sent these
petitions here, not we who resist them. It has
become us to speak freely. If that is to be depre-
cated as excitement, it is nothing moie than, from
the nature of things, was to be expected. We
apprehend danger not only to the safety of the
South, but to the integrity of this Union itself,
from those movements in favor of emancipation.
We consider their designs dangerous, and the
means they are every day using calculated to
bring destruction upon the country. We have
exposed this freely, as we were in duty hound
to our constituents to do. If I were to say to
my constituents that all is safety; that no danger
is to be apprehended; that the Abolitionists are
few in number, and decreasing, I should not tell
them the truth, for I do believe they are increasing
rapidly, and that they will carry their schemes to
a most dangerous extent, unless promptly met,
and their views negatived by the most decided
vote Congress can give Sir, I was somewhat
surprised, and not a little mortified, that the Sen-
ator from Georgia near me [Mr. King] should
think it necessary to unite in this denunciation
of those who hold the negative of this proposi-
tion What, sir' will he condemn those whose
interests are identified with his own because,
when an assault is made upon our common rights
—when we have everything at stake, we prefer
the adoption of the strongest, the most direct and
decided measure' If any odium is to be attached
to this, I stand ready and willing to bear my full
proportion. Sir, I have now submitted what 1
intended to say—having said even this much with
great reluctance—and take my seat under the clear
persuasion that I will never again hen. open my
lips upon tins subject.
