&4
Atmmix -ro tíbs cscw&kessioítal globe.
[April 20,
24-rfc Cong.... 1st Sess.
Land Diitribution BíM—Mtí Wtight.
Senate.
¿¿(TO OTSTHIBDTIOV BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. SILAS WRIGHT,
OF NEW YORK,
In the Senate, April 20,1836.
Mr. Clay's kind bill being the subject before
the Senate—
Mr. WRIGHT said he had proposed to offer
some views to the Senate upon the bill under con-
sideration before the question should be taken
upon its engrossment; that the observations he
intended to make had no relation to the amend-
ments which were the immediate question under
deberte; bat that as the course of debate had
seemed to indicate that the general merits of the
bill might be properly discussed in the present
stage of the proceedings upon it, he would go on
at present, unless the very late hour should make
it the pleasure of the Senate to postpone the Sub-
ject until a future day.
Before he' could enter upon the argument he
had proposed to make, Mr. W. said he found
binwelf bound to notice some few of the remarks
which had fallen from theSenator [Mr. South-
ard] who had just resumed his seat. That Sen-
ator had informed the Senate at various stages
of his argument, that he intended to discard all
partisan feeling and partisan remarks, and to dis-
cuss this important and, in his judgment, most
desirable measure as a national, nota party prop-
osition—as a measure of general and universal
inierest, not as one promoting the temporary ad-
vancement of a particular class of politicians, or
of a favorite candidate, but of the whole country.
Mr. W. said be most cordially responded to
the feelings of the Senator, as thus uttered and
repeated, so far as any connection of partisan
politics with the discussion was involved, and
although differing widely from him upon the ben-
efits to be derived to the public from the passage
ef the bill, he fully and entirely agreed with him
in the position that the measure was not partisan
In its character, and ought not to be made so in
the debate.
It was his desire, at all times, to confine him-
self, in every discussion in this body, to the sub-
ject before it, and upon the present occasion he
bad supposed that subject was "the land bill,"
no called. Still he could not fail to notice that
the Senator [Mr. Southard] had commenced his
speech by a discussion of the railroad bill, and
closed it by a dissertation upon the insecurity of
the deposit banks. He Would not assign motives
to the remarks of this character, which have
recently been heard in the Senate from various
Quarters, and as strongly from the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Southard,] at the close of his
speech upon the land bill, as from any other
quarter. He did, however, upon this occasion,
consider i t h is du ty briefly to notice those re marks,
and the effects which they were calculated to pro-
duce. The present (he said) was a time of Be vere
pecuniary pressure upon the large mercantile
town . The merchants were struggling to pre-
serve their credit, and to raise the means neces-
sary to carry On their business and meet their
engagements. The struggle was severe and dan-
gerous, bat if left to themselves, he had strong
hope it Would be successful and triumphant. The
suspicion and distrust calculated to arise, from
such a state of things among capitalists and com-
mercial men, are the strongest grounds for fea 
and apprehension.
Úoufd it, then, be -wise or just to attempt her 
to shake confidence and destroy credit? Could
it be beneficial to any national interest, or to any
individual interest, to proclaim from this Hall
that those institutions of the country, from whieh
dlone the merchants can expect immediate and
efficient relief in the present emergency, are un-
sound, irresponsible, and rotten? Could it answer
any end of patriotism of philanthropy by decla-
rations and denunciations of this Sort to produce
runs upon these institutions, and thus put it out
of their power to afford the merchants that aid
which the crisis demands ? Could it, in short,
serve any valuable purpose to add a panie to the
present pressure, and by destroying confidence
in all quarters to render certain the bankruptcy
and ruin which was now merely threatened ? If
the honorable Senator [Mr. Southard] could see
any benefits likely to result from such a course,
he could not. If that gentleman felt bound to
act such a part at such a time, he did not. He
held his seat upon this floor for the performance
of no such office, and he must express his deep
regret that any others should thus construe their
high duties here.
He had seen no unusual cause for distrusting
the banking institutions of the country, and cer-
tainly none for distrusting those which were
strengthened by the possession of the public de-
posits. The statements made upon the subject
were fallacious and deceptive. They were mere
comparisons of the instant means of the institu-
tions with the whole amount of their liabilities, a
comparison which rejects entirely the item of
" bills receivable," always the most important
item in calculating the property and security of a
sound and well-conducted bank. Let gentlemen
add that single item to their statements, and they
will show every deposit bank in the Union sound
and secure.
Mr. W. said he was very sorry the Senator
had not been able to close his remarks as he had
commenced them, in a spirit of candor and mild-
ness, and unaccompanied bylhose expressions
of partisan prejudice and partisan passion which
too frequently characterized his addresses before
the Senate. He had appeared at the commence-
ment to be fully conscious of the propriety and
policy of such a course in the present debate, and
had avowed an intention to pursue it; ahd he
(Mr. W.) had witnessed his adherence to the
intention, until near the close of his Speech, with
unfeigned pleasure; but the force of partisan
feeling had got the better of the judgment of the
Senator, and he could not bring himself to a con-
clusion without visiting upon the venerable "man
now at the head of this Government his accus-
tomed paragraph of denunciation and abuse. He
(Mr. W.) would say to the Senator that he
thought this portion df his remarks had better
have been omitted; that his going thus out of the
way to pour abuse upon the President would not,
even with his immediate constituents, add any-
thing to the moral force of his argument upon a
subject which did not call for political recrimina-
tion.
It was not his purpose to reply to the Senator;
and these few remarks were all he proposed to
offer in reference to his observations, except,
perhaps, to notice in passing one or two of his
positions which connected themselves with the
train of reasoning he had proposed to pursue.
He would, therefore, proceed with the Obser-
vations he had intended to offer to the Senate, and
in doing so he would attempt to show—
First. That the bill is, in effect, a bill to dis-
tribute, not the " net proceeds of the public
lands," as its language imports, but the revenues
of the Treasury generally.
To éBtabfish tbis proposition, it will be neces-
sary to show what have been the gross proceeds
to the Treasury of the public lands, from the
commencement of the sales to the present time,
what have been the expenses from the Treasury,
justly chargeable to the lands, and, in that way,
to ascertain the " net proceeds" now resting in
the Treasury. AS the latest date to which (he
documents before the Senate would enable him
to state these facts, Mr. W. said he had taken the
30th of September, 1835, because the accounts eft
both sideB had been brought up to that date, and
hot, with any precision, to a later day.
The gross amount of money paid Inte tha
Treasury for the purchase of the public lands,
from J796 to the 30th of September, 1835* inclu-
sive, tiaS been..................158,619,523 00
To this sum the following items
aré adtied, in the Statement ap-
pended tó the report of the Com-
mittee 6ft Public Lands of the
' Senate, whieh they claim to be
also proceeds of the public lands, -
viz:
CertificatesofpublicdebtandArmy
land warrants.....$984,189 91
Mississippi stock. ...2,448,789 44
United States stock..  257,660 73
Forfeited land stock
and military scrip..1,719,333 53
5,409,9*73 61
Thus showing a total of gross pro-
ceeds thus ascertained, of.....$64,029,496 61
Mr. W. said it seemed to him that there were
items in this account which ought not to be there,
but they were, in all cases, so blended with items
which he supposed proper, that it was impossible
for him to distinguish the amounts, which, in his
judgment, ought to be deducted from the above
groas'Sum.
To illustrate his meaning. The first item was 
money paid ihto the public Treasury; and in the
statement Of an Account between that Treasury
and the public lands, there could be no doubt thatt
it should be debited to the former, and credited
to the latter. The second item was designated
as " certificates of public debt, and Army land
warrants." From what he had been able to learh
the " certificates of public debt," so far as they
hid been paid in lands, were properly chargeable
against the Treasury ih an account with the lands,
because their payment in that manner must have
relieved the Treasury from the payment of so
much mbney. The amount, however, could not
be ascertained from the statement in consequence
of the blending of these certificates with the
•«Army land warrants."   These latter he sup-
Ííosed to be " warrants" for revolutionary bounty
aftdS, and he could rtot see the propriety of val-
uing these lands, and charging them against the
Treasury in the statement of this account. If he
WaS mistaken in his supposition in relation to
these warrants, he hoped Some Senator would
correct him; but if he was not, the debts against
the Government Were debts contracted for the
conquest of the lands, and properly chargeable
against them. They were payable in land, and
Not in money from the Treasury; and having
been so paid, the lands had to that extent dis-
charged the debt, but not secured a claim against
the Treasury. The amount of these warrants,
therefore, as he understood the subject, ought to
be deducted from the $934,189 91, whieh consti-
tutes the second item charged as proceeds of the
public lands. What proportion of that item was
made up of "Army land warrants,"and what
of * • certificates of public debt," he had no means
of determining, and therefore he could not make
such a Statement of the amount as he should con-
sider just.                                                k
The third item was designated as "Mississippi
stock." This stock (Mr. W. said) he understood
to have grown out of the celebrated Yaioo claim,
and that the Government of the United States)
bad become a party to the transaction, in corise-
Ssnce of having stipulated with the State off
orgía, as one of the considerations upon which
that State consented to make her cession of the
pfibfic lands to the United States, to indemnify
ftér against the Yazoo' claimants. The stock Was
payable ih land, and was considered in the nature
of land scrip: it WaS the consideration of the lands
out of which it was to be paid, And the amount
here set down is the amount of the lands con-
veyed to catícel the same amount of the stock. It
was, therefore, a debt against the lands; and, to
this amount, was paid by th* lands, and canceled
the debt to that extent. It did not, however, raise
a claim in favor of the lands against the TreaSttry,
because the-lands merely paid for themselves.
This amount, therefore—$2,448,789 44—ought;
ttfcwt clearly, to be deducted from the statement
above given of the gross proceeds of the public
lands.
The1 fbtfrtn item is "United Stjrfes stock.*•
This is Supposed to have been stock Issued for
loans of money for the support of Government,
and to carry on the war of the RevOlutiofc; its
payment was chargeable «pon the pubtóe Treas-
ury; and so far as the holders of it consented e>
take lands m payment, and did SO, the value or
the lands is most manifestly a proper charge
againBt theTreWrory in favor Of the lands. This
item, thertfóre.í* batead to be prbperly indadetf
in this accouflt.                                     ,,   j    ^^
ThfeéftBttém^^ted 'rf«*<^.^ *«*
