326
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
[April 20,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
hand Distribution BUI—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
for lands by the receivers, and not paid into the
Treasury, but retained for commissions and other
expenses pertaining to the registers 'and receivers'
offices. Both these items balance themselves; the
first being a debt contracted for the lands, and
paid in lands, and the second money received for
the lands, and paid out for expenses on their
account. Neither has brought anything into the
public Treasury, or taken anything from it; and
as this statement is between the public Treasury
and the public lands, both items are excluded.
Mr. W. said he found another statement ap-
pended to the report of the Committee on Public I
Lands, giving as the entire amount paid by pur-
chasers for public lands, $67,578,949 73. This ex-
ceeds the amount giv«n by the committee in the
statements before referred to, and made the basis
of the preceding calculation, by $3,549,453 12.
It of course embraces the $2,479,049 13 retained
• by the registers and receivers, and excluded from
the foregoing statement of the account, as not
having come into the Treasury. This will account
for so much of the excess in this last statement,
because this is made up not of the money paid
- into the Treasury as proceeds of the lands,bu t of
all the money paid by purchasers for public lands.
There will still remain an excess of $1,070,403 99,
- for which (said Mr. W.) he had not been able
to account, as none of the documents he had dis-
■ covered gave any information how this amount
was paid, or to what uses the payments had
been applied. One thing, however, was certain.
It had not come into the public Treasury, be-
cause all the statements, both from the committee
and from the Treasury Department, agreed that
$58,619,523 was the whole amount of money
which had ever been received into the national
• Treasury from the sales of the public lands up
to the 30th of September last.   That sum he
" bad taken in his statement of the proper charges
against the Treasury in favor of the lands. It
was probable, therefore, that this excess had
*been expended for the lands before it reached
the Treasury, or that its payment had been made
not in money, but in satisfaction of some descrjp-
' tion of claims against the lands themselves.
If, then, he was right in these calculations, the
• whole " net proceeds" of the public lands in the
Treasury on the 30th day of September, 1835,
only amounted to $351,524 41; and, were the bill
general, and applicable to the whole of the net
proceeds of those lands, from the commence-
ment of the Government to that day, it would
act upon and distribute among the States but this
amount.
It was, however, his intention (Mr. W. said)
to place this View of the subject upon grounds
•which could not be contradicted, and therefore,
for the sake of the argument, he would suppose
he was mistaken in every instance in which he
had attempted to correct the aecount upon the one
side or the other, and see how it would starid,
assuming the highest sum given as the gross pro-
ceeds of the lands, and deducting from that sum
the gross payments shown by the documents from
the Treasury Department to have been made on
account of the lands.
The whole sum paid by purchasers of public
lands, including the military land warrants, certifi-
cates of public debt, Mississippi stock, United
States stock, forfeited land stock, military scrip,
and ail other payments of every description what-
soever, is give n by the committee at $67,578,949 73
The whole payments for accountof
the lands are stated in the two
documents referred tó at.-.-.    .$63,608,231 89
This mode of stating the account
will show a balance, as the " net
proceeds" of the public lands in
~ the Treasury on the 30th day of
September last, of............43,970,717 84
* This result, (said Mr. W.) he considered en-
tirety erroneous, as embracing an amount of
more than three millions of dollars on account of
military land warrants, Mississippi stock, and
military scrip not properly chargeable against
the Treasury. Yet it would appear in the sequel
tkat the position be had taken, that the bill, in
efiact, would not distribute the "net proceeds"
of the public lands only, but also the revenues
of the Treasury derived from other sources,
would not be affected whether the one statement
or the other of the account should be adopted as
the true statement.
Hitherto (said Mr. W.) his remarks had been
predicated upon the supposition that the bill was
general, and applicable to the net proceeds of the
public lands in all past years, and upon that basis
he trusted he had shown that the sum which
remained in the Treasury on the 30th of Sep-
tember last, subject to distribution among the
States, according to its provisions, was less than
four hundred thousand dollars, and certainly less
than four millions.
He would now proceed to examine the bill as
it is, and its practical effect upon the moneys in
the Treasury on the day referred to. The bill
is not general, but confined in its operation to a
specific number of years, to wit: its action com-
mences with the commencement of the year 1833,
and terminates with the termination of the year
1841, extending over a period of nine years. By
its language it purports to distribute the " net
proceeds" of the money received into the Treas-
ury from the sales of the public lands for those
years. 'He would not attempt to give a construc-
tion to the bill, but would take, in this particular,
the practical construction given by its friends.
Most, if not all of them, have exhibited to us, in
figures and sums of money to be divided, the
whole amounts received into the Treasury from
the sales of the public lands. They have made
no deductions for expenses beyond those made
before the money reaches the public Treasury.
In holding up this golden prize to the acceptance
of the States, they have told us nothing of the
cost to the public Treasury of their acquirement,
or of reclaiming them from the possession of
those natives whose inheritance they were until
purchased bythe moneys of the nation. The bill
is retrospective and prospective.- The arguments
in its favor have depended mainly, for their
I moving force, upon the sums received into the
Treasury for the years 1833, 1834, and 1835,
from the lands, while the prospective arguments
for the years 1836, 1837,1838,1839, 1840, and
1841, have received all the embellishments of an
imagination excited, in a pecuniary sense, by the
contemplation of millions, with a familiarity with
which the mind of the industrious citizen contem-
plates dollars, until the expansion of imaginary
wealth has reached almost beyond the bounds
of arithmetical enumeration. The picture thus
drawn has not been shaded by the expenses paid
from the common Treasury on account of the
public lands, while its fore-ground has been fully
and perspicuously occupied by the receipts into
that Treasury from the exhaustless resource of
the public domain.
Taking this picture as the true practical con-
struction and operation of the bill, (said Mr.W.,)
he would endeavor to impress upon the Senate
its effect upon the general revenues of the coun-
try. From the table appended to the report of
the Committee on Public Lands, marked No. 1,
it would be seen that the receipts into the Treas-
ury from the sales of public lands, from the com-
mencement of the year 1833 to the 30th of Sep-
tember, 1835, had been as follows:
In 1833.........................$3,967,681 55
In 1834.........................4,857,600 69
In 1835, to the 30th September.... 9,166,590 89
Making a total of receipts during
the period referred to of.......$17,991,873 13
If the construction given to the bill by its
friends be correct, this sum- is to be distributed
immediately upon its passage. Compare this
amount with the whole "net proceeds" of the
public lands in the Treasury on the day when
this account of receipts closes. The receipts
upon which the bill is intended to act are as
above stated...................$17,991,873 13
The whole " net proceeds" of the
public lands in the Treasury,
by a comparison of receipts and
Íiayments for account of the
ands, from the commencement
of the Government to the 30th
of September last, believed to
be more favorable to the lands
than the truth will warrant, are
only........................
351,524 41
Thus showing that the practical
operation of the bill will be to
distribute to the States, of the
money in the Treasury on the
30th of September last over and
above the whole net proceeds
of the public lands then in the
Treasury, a sum equal to......$17,640,348 72
But it may be objected that this statement of
the " net proceeds "of the public lands is errone-
ous, and that the sum above specified is not the
true " net proceeds" in the Treasury on the day
referred to. Mr. W. said it was his anxious
desire to avoid all questions as to facts, that the
results and consequences he desired to present
might have their full force. He would, there-
fore, present the same result, taking the amount
of net proceeds of the public lands upon the day
given, from the most favored calculation towards
the lands which could be made from any of the
data furnished by the Committee on PublicLands.
The receipts for the period covered by"the bill up
to the 30th September, 1835, as above given,
were........................$17,991,873 13
The net proceeds of the public lands
in the Treasury on the same day,
by the calculation most favorable
to the lands, were.............   3,970,717 84
This will leave a balancé of rev-
enue to be distributed by the
practical operation of the bill,
nota part of the "net proceeds"
of the public lands, but derived
from other sources, equal to...$14,021,155 29
Prom this examination of the provisions of
the bill and of its practical operation, Mr. W.
said he could not doubt that he had established
the proposition with which he had set out, viz:
that the bill, should it become a law, would have
the effect, not to distribute the "net proceeds"
of the public lands in the Treasury alone, but
also large amounts of the public revenues derived
from other sources. The only question seemed
to be, whether the bill would take from the Treas-
ury, of the revenues deposited there prior to the
30th of September, 1835, seventeen or fourteen
millions not derived from the sales of public lands,
but from the other revenues of the country; and
he could not see that the principle involved would
be Varied, whether the one amount or the other
should prove to be the true sum thus subtracted.
So much for the retrospective action of the bill.
The prospective action would now demand con-
sideration. The calculations which have pre-
ceded have only brought the account up to the
30th of September, 1835. The bill, upon its face,
carries its action six and a quarter years beyond
that time, to the close of the year 1841.* _ If the
construction given by the friends of the bill to its
retrospective action is to be the construction which
is to govern its prospective action also, then the
expenses justly chargeable upon the lands, with
very unimportant exceptions, are, for the six
years to come, to be charged upon the other rev-
enues of the Government, while the proceeds of
the lands are to be distributed to the States, as
they come into the public Treasury. In other
words, the "net proceeds" of the public land 
for each year, after paying the expenses justly
and properly chargeable to them from the gross
proceeds, are to be distritrated, and a further sum,
equal to those expenses,! derived from customs,
*The bill was introduced by Mr. ClaV to ««end from
the 1st January. 1833, to the 31st December, 1837. The
Committee on Public Lands reported an amendment to
extend it to the 31st of December, 1841. Tma amendment
of the committee was adopted by the Senate «Coram1"**
of the Whole, and was a part of the bill when Mr. Wriqht
made bis speech. Subsequently the amendment was neg-
atived by the Senate, and the bul restored, in this reapeci,
to its original form.                                            .,       „__
fThc bill originally used the general terms, ""«Pro-
ceeds of the public lands," but since Mr. Wriwt'b
remarks were made has been so amended as, in substance,
to adopt the construction he here contemplates.   It now
