330
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 21,
24th Gong....!st Sess.
Land Distribution Bill—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
mum rate of twenty per cent.; but it must be
borne in mind that the duty upon a large class of
articles is now only twelve and a half and fifteen
per cent., and that from that cause the revenue
to be derived from seventy millions in value of
dutiable importations in 1842, if the present laws
continue in operation, cannot be estimated at
more than about twelve millions of dollars. Com-
pare this amount with the sum demanded for the
ordinary expenses of the Government, and who
will believe that the revenue from customs at the
period in contemplation, even with the then re-
duced revenue from the public lands added to it,
will be equal to those expenses. Who does not
■see, if the present surplus in the Treasury be
given away to the States, and the revenue from
the lands be taken from, the Treasury for six
years to come, that the tariff must be raised, if
not before the year 1842, at least as soon as the
vast reduction of the present tariff required to be
made at the close of 1841 by the provisions of the
compromise act, shall take effect? If figures and
experience can be relied upon, such a result must
follow the passage of this bill.
[Mr. Wright here gave way for a motion to
adjourn.]
Thursday , April 21,1836.
Mr. WRIGHT said, when addressing the Sen-
ate yesterday, he had attempted to establish the
propositions—
1.  That the whole amount of " net proceeds"
of the public lands in the Treasury on the 30th
of September, 1835, could not, by the most ex-
tended and liberal calculation, equal four million
dollars, and was more truly but a trifle over three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars; while the
operation of this bill would be to distribute as
*' net proceeds" of the public lands almost eigh-
teen million dollars of the money in tne Treasury
on that day; thus, in fact, distributing from four-
teen to seventeen millions of money not derived
from lands, but from other sources of revenue.
2.  That the revenue from customs, as ascer-
tained from a comparison between that revenue
and the expenses of the Government for the last
nineteen years, and from an examination of the
present revenue laws, and their influence upon
the revenue to be collected under them, will only
be equal to the ordinary expenses of the Govern-
ment, and cannot bear any extraordinary appro-
priations for any branch of the public defenses.
3.  That this branch of the public revenue (the
only source of revenue remaining to the Treas-
ury, if that from the lands shall be taken from it)
"will fall far short of meeting the ordinary ex-
penses of the Government before the close of the
year 1841, at which time the revenues from the
public lands are again to be restored to the public
Treasury, because it is only equal now to those
expenses, and by the existing laws is to undergo
a reduction at about the rate of five per cent, per
annum until 1840, and at the close of the year
"1841 an arbitrary reduction to twenty per cent.
ad valorem of all duties above that rate.
4.  That the restbration of the revenue from the
public lands at that period will bo wholly inade-
quate to supply the Treasury, because the rev-
enue from customs will be reduced to some twelve
or at most fourteen millions, while the ordinary
expenses will be about seventeen millions; and
because, from the sales of all the valuable lands,
the revenues from that source will be greatly di-
minished, if not reduced to the simple expenses
'incurred on account of the lands.
Mr. W. said, before proceeding with his argu-
ment further he would notice two positions of
the Senator from New Jersey) (Mr. Southard,]
which had been-presented -by him in a new
shape, as justifying two important previsions of
this bill.      .......
The first to which he alluded was the grant of
■five hundred thousand acres of land to certain of
the new States, the avails of which were to be
expended in projects of internal improvement;
and the reasons for the grant were said to be, that
those States had exempted the public lands from
taxation.   This argument (Mr. W. said) he had
. always supposed was fully answered by the
- anieles of compact which had accompanied the
admission of those States into the Union. The
five per cent, granted to the new States, out of
the proceeds of the sales of lands within them
respectively, he had always understood was the
equivalent for this exemption of the public do-
main from State taxation, and that it had been
so accepted by those States in the compacts
referred to. If he was correct in tl(is understand-
ing, he could not see why this further grant of
half a million of acres of land to each was to be
made upon that consideration. But the Senator
further urged that this grant was to be justified
upon the principle that the improvements to be
made by the States from the avails of the land,
would enhance the value of the remaining lands
owned by the Government in each State, to an
extent equal to the value of the five hundred
thousand acres granted to make the improvements.
This argument can avail little, unless the present
minimum price of the public lands is to be raised.
All the lands, after having been once offered at
public sale, are subject to be taken by any pur-
chaser at the price established by law, of one
dollar and a quarter per acre, and at that price
they now sell with too great rapidity. Surely,
then, it cannot bewise in Congress to make these
immense grants with a view to enhance the value
of the remaininglands, if it be designed to continue
the sales at the present established price, because,
however much the value of the lands may be
increased by the operation, that value to the Gov-
ernment is not changed. The money to be paid
for the lands will be the same without as with
the improvements. Is it intended to raise the
minimum price of the public lands ? He sup-
posed not. He had heard no friend of the bill
avow such an intention, and he felt confident he
should not hear any such purpose avowed, though
he must say that many of the arguments in favor
of the bill, as well as the one he was now con-
sidering, seemed to him to bear strongly in that
direction.
The second consideration to which he referred
was the Senator's defense of that provision of the
bill which gives to each of the new States ten per
cent, of the proceeds of the sales within them
respectively, over and above their full shares of
the balance, according to.the rate of distribution
adopted by the bill, as applicable to all the States.
This was justified upon the ground of the rapid
increase of population in these States since the
last census, upon which the general distribution
Was to be made, It was not his object (said Mr.
W.) to attempt to show that this provision would
give too much to the new States, but that the rule
assumed was arbitrary and unequal. He knew
that some of the new States were increasing in
population with wonderful rapidity, and he also
supposed that some of the old States might not
have any greater, and perhaps not as great a
population now as in 1830. These would form
the extremes, while other States, both old and
new, were increasing at a rate which would form
the mean between them., It could not, then, be
equal or just to take from all the old States
equally, or to give to all the new equally, on ac-
count of the increase or diminution of population
since the last census, as all must see that the
same ratio of increase or diminution will not be
applicable to any two States, new or old. If a
standard of distribution, different from that of
the census of 1850, is to be taken, that standard
ought to have reference to the actual population
of all the States. It was a fact, unquestionable
in his opinion, that some of the States, denom-
inated old States by the classification made in the
bill, had added more to their Federal numbers,
within the five years past, than many of the new
States; and yet ten per cent, of the fund to be
divided, and which is now the common property
of all the States in precise proportion to their
Federal numbers, is to be taken from the former
and given to the latter before a general distribu-
tion is made. It was not material to his purpose
to attempt to show what States would lose or
what ones would gain by this unequal and par-
tial provision. It was enough to have shown
that its application must, and will, be unequal,
partial, and unjust, to establish the position that
it cannot be a constitutional rule for the distribu-
tion of a common fund.
Mr. W. said he would notice here what he
considered the most extravagant anticipations of
the honorable Senator [Mr. Southard] as to the
probable avails to the public Treasury from the
public domain. He found he had misunderstood
the Senator, and had supposed him even more
extravagant in his anticipations than he really
was; but he had been corrected, and still was
compelled to think that the sum, in fact, assumed,
gave much stronger evidence of a free indulgence
of a lively imagination, than of a familiarity with
the facts upon which any conclusion should be
founded. To test the correctness of his impres-
sions, he had resorted to facts, and proposed to
lay them before the Senate almost without com-
ment. The Senator had told us that the public
lands were to bring into the national Treasury
$1,250,000,000. How much of this is imagina-
tion, and how much reality? The sales of the
public lands, as a system, commenced in the year
1796. Up to the 30th day of September, 1835,
thirty-nine years and three quarters, the whole
sum paid into the Treasury from the sales of the
public lands, is $58,500,000. What has been
sold to produce this sum, and what calculations
as to the product of future sales, can be safely
made, from our past experience.
There has been paid into the Treasury, as the
avails of sales of the public lands in the State
of Ohio, from the commencement of the land
system to the 30th September last..$16,780,177
There remain to be sold in that State,
subject to private entry, and not
entered on the 30th September last,
4,310,366 acres, which, estimated
at the minimum price, are worth..    5,387,958
Making an aggregate value for the
public lands in Ohio, of..........$22,168,135
This estimate must be sufficiently accurate for
so general a calculation, inasmuch as the fact that
lands in that populous State remaining subject to
be taken at the minimum price of the Govern-
ment, and not taken, must go far to prove that
their value in the market does not materially
exceed that price.
Mr. W. said he would then make the State of
Ohio, known to be one of the largest and most
valuable in point of soil of the new States, the
basis of a calculation of value for a portion of the
public domain.
The value of Ohio, as has been seen above,
is............................. ,$22,168,135
Assume that Indiana, Illinois, Mis-
souri, Louisiana, Mississippi, Ala-
bama, Michigan, Wisconsin, Ar-
kansas, and Florida, are each to
bring into the Treasury from the
sales of the public lands, as much
as is to be realized from those sales
in the State of Ohio—and this will
produce an aggregate of....... . .221,681,350
And will present a total value for these
seven new States and four large
Territories, of;..................243,849,485
Deduct, then, the amounts already
received, as follows:
From sales in Ohio......$16,780 177
From sales in Indiana ...   9,510,481
From sales in Illinois....   5,355,611
From sales in Missouri..   3,886,224
From sales in Louisiana..      999,087
From sales in Mississippi,   6,837,770
From sales-k) Alabama.. 10,097,347
From sales in Michigan,
including Wisconsin...   3,959,896
From sales in Arkansas..       636,642
From sales in Florida....       556,283
_------------58,619,518
And, there will remain to come into
the public Treasury, from the entire
sales of these seven States and four
Territories, the sum of..........$185,229,967
The estimate of the Senator is... .$1,250,000,000
Take from it what remains to be
received from the sales yet to be
made in the country mentioned..    liSp,¿&¿it>i
