1836.]                                      APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                          331
24th Cono.... 1st Sess.
Land Distribution Bill—Mr. Wright,
Senate.
And there will remain a balance
for the Senator to realize, from
sources (Mr. W. said) to him
unknown, of.......
$1,064,770,033
So far facts might furnish us with some guides
in reference to these swollen anticipations; and
he was sure that no one, not even the most san-
guine and enthusiastic, would doubt that the cal-
culation he had made was much more favorable
to the Treasury than future experience would
realize. He did not himself believe that any
single State or Territory he had named would
bring into the Treasury from the sales of lands
an amount equal to the State of Ohio; but how-
ever that might prove, all must know that no
such amounts are to be expected from Louisiana
or Florida, nor can any such amount be expected
from the entire sales in Michigan. The estimate
must be many millions beyond what can be rea-
sonably anticipated; and yet that estimate for
the eleven large divisions of country, seven of
which are now States, and the remaining four
rapidly approaching that condition of political
existence, falls short of one fifth of the amount
anticipated by the Senator to be brought into the
Treasury from the avails of the public domain.
That he must have included in his flattering esti-
mate the whole country guarantied by this Gov-
ernment to the Indian tribes west, and now daily
moving west of the Mississippi, is most palpable;
-but that any reasonable estimate of that country,
and of all the acres of the Rocky Mountains in
addition, must have failed to produce his sum
total, seemed to his mind equally palpable.
He would now proceed with his argument as
originally intended, and would examine the sur-
plus in the Treasury, with the view of showing
that the estimates of the friends of this bill in
regard to it were about as extravagant as those
of the honorable Senator from New Jersey [Mr.
Southard! in reference to the proceeds of the
public lands. The calls upon the Treasury De-
partment for the balance of moneys in the Treas-
ury had been frequent, and he thought he might
say at least monthly, since the commencement of
the present session of Congress. The last had
been received at too late a period to be yet printed
and hid upon the tables of the Senators, and was
a call for the balance as existing on the first day
of the present month. The amount as given by
the Secretary of the Treasury was, according to
his best recollection, between thirty-one and
thirty-two millions; but as he had not the report
to refer to, he would assume it to be thirty-two
millions
It should now be distinctly impressed upon the
attention of the Senate and the country, that this
amount is not the surplus in the Treasury, but
the whole amount of money in the Treasury for
any purpose of the Government. It should also
be equally strongly impressed upon the minds of
all, and most especially of ourselves, that of all
the appropriations of the year which, at the ordi-
nary rates, have been shown to amount to an
average of from seventeen to eighteen millions of
dollars annually, those for the pay of Congress;
for the pensions, and partial appropriations for
the Indian war in Florida, are all that have yet
passed and become laws. How are we, then, to
tell what portion of this amount of money is sur-
plus, and what is required for the expenses of the
Government? Mr. W. said he knew but one
mode of making even an estimate upon this point.
Wishing, so far as it was possible, tó deal with
facts in relation to this whole subject, he Had re-
sorted to that mode; and had examined, with con-
siderable labor and care, the entire files of bills
which had been reported to the "two Houses of
Congress by their respective standing commit-
tees, selecting from each file bills of a public char-
acter only, and ascertaining the sums the several
committees had recommended for appropriation
for the public service. To protect himself from
any charge or suspicion of unfairness in this ex-
amination, he felt bound to give to the Senate,in
substance, the title of each bill he had included
in the statement, that all might judge whether
he had mistaken the character of the appropria-
tions he had called public. The list was as fol-
lows:
Bills oh the Filet of the House of Representativa.
No. 51. Appropriations for support of Govern-
ment.
No. 53. Naval appropriation bill
No. 54. Ordinary fortification bill.
No. 55. Army bill.
No. 69. Expenses of Indian war in Florida.
No. 70. Ordinary appropriations for the Indian
department.
No. 97. Clerks in the office of the Quarter-
master General.
No. 100. The erection of a marine hospital at
Baltimore.
No. 101. The erection of a marine Kospital at
Portland, Maine.
No. 105. Clerks in the Engineer department.
No. 143. Erectiop of custom-houses at Glouces-
ter and Plymouth.
No. 143. Arrears of pay to the Inspector Gen-
eral.
No. 154. To improve the harbor at St. Louis,
Missouri.
No: 174. To continue the Cumberland road
from Vandalia to the Mississippi river.
N6. 175. To continue the Cumberland road
from the Mississippi river to Jefferson City.
No. 193. To erect a marine hospital at Wil-
mington, Delaware.
No. 201. To purchase sites and commence new
fortifications.
No. 303. For the navy-yard at Charleston,
South Carolina.
No. 215. Expenses of the Indian war in Florida
—second bill.
No. 216. Civil and diplomaticexpensesfor 1836.
No. 217. Outfit to charge d'affaires at Prussia.
No. 225. Prize money to the captors of the
frigate Philadelphia.
No. 234. Compensation to Commodore Barron
for use of patent.
No. 254. Erection of new Treasury building.
No. 259. Annual appropriations for the Mili-
tary Academy.
No. 268. Salary of the judge of the orphans'
court, Washington.
No. 272. Arrears of pay to General Macomb.
No. 273. Compensation for Indian depreda-
tions.
No. 279. To pay the Connecticut militia in
service during the late war.
No. 307. Appropriations for harbors already
commenced.
No. 321. Compensation to the heirs of Marshal
Rochambeau.
No. 323. For making and improving roads.
.No. 325. For repairing and improving the
.public buildings and grounds in Washington.
No. 332. For the care and preservation of the
Potomac bridge.
No. 348. To refund eertain duties on a Belgian
vessel.
No. 352. To make good the depreciations to the
Rhode Island brigade of the revolutionary army.
No. 363. For the erection of light-houses,
light-boats, beacons, and buoys, and for the sur-
vey of certain rivers and harbors.
No. 374. To construct an arsenal in the State
of North Carolina.
No. 376. For the purchase of Bell's patent for
elevating and pointing cannon.
No. 375. For the erection of an armory on the
western waters.
No. 377. For the purchase of Hall's patent for
rifles.
No. 406. For the better protection of the west-
ern frontier.'
No. 415. To remove a bar at the mouth of the
Mississippi river.
No. 41 . To remove a bar at the entrance of
Pensacola bay, and for constructing a hydraulic
'dock or inclined plane at that place.
No. 427. Further appropriation for the Indian
war in Florida; third bill.
No. 431. To construct a road from Milwaukee
to the Mississippi river.
No. 432. To improve the mail road from Louis-
ville to St. Louis.
No. 446. To erect a marine hospital at New
Orleans.
No. 454. To provide for additional clerks in
the Departments.
No. 457. For the better defense of the Arkan-
sas frontier.
No. 483. To construct a road from Helena to
Jackson, in Arkansas.
No. 485. To improve the navigation of certain
rivers.
No. 492. To try experiments as to Brown's
fire-ship,
No. 518. To erect a marine hospital at New-
port, Rhode Island.
No. 523. To commence the improvement of
harbors for which no appropriations have been
heretofore made.
No. 538. For repairs to the wharves, and the
erection of a new public store at Staten Island,
New York.
Bills on the Files of the Senate.
No. 12¿ To improve the navigation of the Wa-
bash river.
No. 32. To increase the pay of the clerks in
the Navy Department.
No. 54. To open roads in Arkansas.
No. 63. To complete the road from Lime Creek
to the Chattahooche.
No. 81. For the support of the penitentiary at
Washington.
No. 82. To construct roads in Florida.
No. 98. To purchase Boyd Reilly "s patent for
vapor bath.
No. 112. For the relief of the cities of Wash-
ington, Alexandria, and Georgetown.
No. 131. Pay of Missouri militia in the Black
Hawk war.
No. 135. To pay the passage of General La
Fayette from France.
No. 142. To erect a depot of arms on the west-
ern frontier of Missouri.
No. 146. To complete improvements already
commenced upon certain roads and rivers in
Florida.
No. 211. To construct certain roads in Arkan
sas.
Mr. W. said the House bills above enumerated
were fifty-six, and proposed to appropriate the
gross sum of......................$23,212,854
The number of Senate bills brought
into the statement was thirteen,
which proposed to appropriate the
gross sum of....................  2(456,785
Since this statement had been prepared
the general Navy appropriation bill,
sent from the House, had been re-
ported to the Senate by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs of this body,
with recommendations of amend-
ments, adding to the amount origin-
ally proposed by the committee of
the House, to be appropriated by
the bill, the sum of...............   1,845,407
Thus showing an aggregate of appro-
priations of a public character, rec-
ommended by the proper standing
committees of the two Houses of
Congress, and, if made, to be taken
from the moneys in the Treasury,
of..............................$27,515,046
Mr. W. said he must so far explain these
statements as to say that the file of bills of the
House were first examined, and the list of bills
of a public character prepared; that, upon the
subsequent examination of the Senate file, a very
large number of similar bills for the same objects,
and of the same purport and amount, were found
upon that file; that all such duplicate bills had
been rejected from the statement, which accounted
for the very small number of bills embraced as
Senate bills, and the very small comparative
amount of appropriations recommended by the
committees of the Senate. Had the bills upon
that file been first examined, and the duplicates
upon the House file been rejected, the apparent
recommendations, with the exception of the ordi-
nary annual appropriation bills, which always
originate in the House, would have been sub-
stantially reversed. It had required much care
to avoid embracing the same appropriation twice,
in consequence of the duplicate reports in the
respective Houses; but as the examination had
