932
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESBSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 21,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Land Distribution Bill—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
been made by himseW personally, he spoke with
great confidence, when he said that no instance
would be found in which this had been done,
although a similarity of titles in one or two cases
miffht lead to that suspicion.
Let us, then, (said Mr. W ,) state the aecount
with the Treasury, and see what surplus we
have which is pot called for by the wants of
the Federal Government. He had (he said)
assumed the amount of money in the Treasury
tobe*...........................#32,000,000
Deduct the appropriations before men-
tioned, some of which had in fact
been made, and all of which had
been distinctly recommended by the
proper standing committees of one
or both Houses of Congress......27,515,046
And there will remain in the Treasury *
an apparent surplus of...........#4,484,954
This would be the state of the Treasury, upon
.the supposition that the appropriations proposed
"by the bills which had been enumerated, and no
.other, should be made during the present session
of Congress.
Mr. W. said he did not intend to be understood
.as expressing the opinion that all the bills he had
enumerated would pas's, and mueh lesa that no
appropriations other than those contained in those
"bills would be made. The above was the result
upon that supposition*; but while he did not ex-
pect that result would be exactly realized in that
way, there were strong grounds for believing that
a result not more favorable to the Treasury, and
„to a surplus for distribution, ought to be pro-
duced, and would be produced, by the action of
.Congress during its present session. The grounds
,for this belief it would be his next duty to give to
the Senate. The whole number of bills upon the
House file when he made the examination was
five hundred and fifty-four, of which the state-
ment he had made embraced but fifty-six, leav-
ing four hundred and ninety-eight or those bills
not embraced in the estimate of appropriations.
The whole number of bills upon' the Senate file
at the same time was two hundred and twenty-
one, of which but thirteen were named, leaving
¿two hundred and eight of those bills out of the
estimate. Every member of the Senate would
well know what every other person who would
take the trouble to examine the bills before the
two Houses of Congress at any session might
■ee, that more than ninety in one hundred of all
those bills propose an appropriation of money to
a greater or less extent. Here, then, Were seven
hundred and seventy-five bills, sixty-nine of
which recommended the appropriation of more
-than twenty-seven and a half millions of dollars;
and the appropriations covered by the remaining
seven hundred and six were not estimated at all,
but were known to be, at least nine tenths of
them, bills proposing to appropriate money, and
in amounts varying from the very smallest sums
to hundreds of thousands of dollars. Some of
them (Mr. W. said) were entirely public in their
• character, but did not specify the sums they pro-
posed to appropriate. Of these né \vould partic-
ularly refer to the following:
Bills upon the File of the House of Representatives,
No. 104. For the increase of the Engineer
corps.
No. 112. Proposes to erect custom-houses at
F forty different ports.
No. 207. To put into active service all the ves-
sels of war in ordinary and upon the stocks.
No. 212. Proposes to extend the present pen-
sion laws to all who «erred for three months In
the war of the Revolution, and to the widows of
such deceased pensioners as were the wives of
the pensioners at the time the service was per-
formed.
No. 297. Provides for the payment of the Con-
necticut militia who were in service during the
late war, with interest upon their respective
claims from the time of the service.
No. 385. Directs the survey of certain roads,
. rivers, &c.
No. 427. Extends to the widows and orphans
-of militia killed in service, dying in service or on
their return home, or from wounds received while
in service, the half pay for five years allowed by
the existing laws to regulars serving in the in-
fantry.
No. 459. To extend and repair the arsenal at
Charleston, South Carolina.
No. 469. Reorganizes the General Land Office,
and extends the force employed in it.
No. 474. To authorize a surveying district west
of Lake Michigan.
No. 542. To remit or refund the duties upon
the goods burned at the late conflagration in New
York.
Bills upon the File of the Senaft.
No. 33. Arrears of pay to Commodore Hull.
No. 37. To establish a surveyor general's
office for the State of Illinois.
No. 52. To increase the corps of Topograph-
ical Engineers.
No. 70. Payment to the heirs of General Eaton.
No. 100. To pay the Vermont militia who
served at Plattsburg.
No. 11$. To purchase the stock of the Louis-
ville and Portland canal.
No. 185. To add three regiments to the Army
of the United States.
No. 220. To provide moral and religious in-
struction for the Army.
Here (Mr. W. said) were nineteen of the seven
hundred and six bills not included in the estimate,
because they did not name the sums which would
be required to carry them into operation; but the
slightest examination of the titles only will satisfy
every one that these nineteeen bills alone, were
they to become laws, would require more money
from the public Treasury than the whole balance
above shown to remain, afterdeductingtheamount
proposed to be specifically appropriated by the
sixty-nine bills before enumerated. He was
aware it might be said that these bills would not
become laws, and he did not pretend to assume
that all or* them would, although he believed
several of them had passed the one or the other
House of Congress during the present session.
What he intended to say was, that they were
bills of a public character; that their passage had
been recommended by the appropriate committees
of Congress, and that, to that extent, they were
to be considered as calls which might probably
be made upon the Treasury, and which ought, at
the least, to be considered before we came to the
conclusion that we have millions of money which
is not called for hy any wants of the Government,
and which we must give away to get rid of it.
Mr. W. said it would probably still be con-
tended that so many of the bills to which he had
referred would fail to pass and become laws that,
after a deduction of the amounts appropriated by
all which would pass, there would remain a large
amount of money in the Treasury unappropriated.
In reply to any such suggestions, he must call to
the recollection of the Senate some other facts,
directly and importantly affecting the moneys in
the Treasury. There is a constant heavy balance
of outstanding appropriations,which form ndirect
lien upon that money. The amount of these
appropriations, on the 1st of January last, was,
according to his present recollection, not less than
seven millions, and probably at this moment can-
not be less than five millions of dollars.
The three bills which have already passed,
making appropriations to defray the expenses of
the Indian war in Florida, have, taken together,
appropriated but #1,620,000, while it is estimated
that that war, if now terminated, will cost the
Treasury full #5,000,000. Here, therefore, are
at least #3,500,000, which will be wanted, and
must be had during the current year, no part of
which is embraced in any of the bills which have
been mentioned.
After deducting all the bills upon the files of
the two Houses which have been particularly
named, eighty-eight in number, there will remain
six hundred and eighty-seven bills, nearly all of
which propose to appropriate money. Mr. W.
said he would not attempt to estimate the amount,
but all would admit that many of those bills were
to pass, and that the amount of money which
would be appropriated by those which should
become laws would be large.
There was another very important item of
probable appropriation which he was bound to
notice in this place, but of which the rules of the
Senate did not permit him at present to speak in
so intelligible a manner as he could wish. He
supposed, however, he might say he referred to
certain Indian treaties now before this* body, two
of which, if confirmed by the Senate, as he be-
lieved they ought to be, and hoped they would
be, would require payments from the Treasury
of at least seven million dollars. The Senate
would understand from this reference the partic-
ular subjects to which he alluded.
It seemed to be conceded by all that the great
work of national defense in all its branches ought
to command the peculiar attention of Congress
during its present session. In the public bills to
which he had referred very limited appropriations
for any of these objects were proposed. In the
bill proposing appropriations for the Navy noth-
ing was embraced for an accelerated increase of
pur naval force, for the procuring of additional
materials, the construction of additional ships Of
war, or the arming, equipping, and putting into
actual service those now partially completed,
beyond the ordinary annual appropriations for
those objects. One bill, proposing to appropriate
about two and a half million* for new fortifica-
tions, was the principal, if not the only extraor-
dinary appropriation included under that head.
There were not included any appropriations for
the erection of new arsenals except in one single
instance, or any appropriations for arms and ord-
nance beyond the ordinary appropriations for
those objects.
He must ask the friends of the bill to look at
these facts, at the public wants developed in their
exhibition, and to compare the condition of the
Treasury and its means—abundant as they choose
to consider those means—with these public calls,
and then to say how this bill is to be executed,
and the public wants answered.
The balance in the Treasury, at the close of the
first quarter of the present year, at the very
highest estimate from the proper Department,
was less than...................#32,000,000
We have then seen public appropri-
ations recommended by the commit-
tees of Congress amounting to more
than............................27,500,000
Leaving a surplus at this time of less
than.............................#4,500,000
We then find nineteen public bills, which, if
passed into laws, will require millions to carry
them into execution; a regular amount of out-
standing appropriations of from five to seven mil-
lions of dollars; the expenses of the Florida war
not yet provided for, amounting to at least three
and a half millions; the large number of six hun-
dred and eighty-seven bills upon the files of the
two Houses oí Congress, not included in the
above estimate of those bills, and almost all of
them proposing appropriations of money; pro-
visions for Indian treaties requiring, at the least,
seven millions; the increased appropriations for
the public defense beyond the partial ones made
in the bills enumerated. Take, then, the bill be-
fore the Senate, which proposes to distribute the
proceeds of the public lands from the commence-
ment of the year 1833 onward. Those proceeds
received into the Treasury up to the 30tli of Sep-
tember, 1835, have been shown to be a very trifle
short of #18,000,000. It is now ascertained by
reports fom the Treasury Department, that the
receipts into the Treasury from the lands for the
last quarter of 1835, and the first quarter of the
present year, will amount to full #10,000,000.
Pass this bill, then, and see the effect. The
money in the Treasury on the first of the present
month was about..................#32,000,000
The money to be distributed under this
bill, up to the same date,is about.. 28,000,000
Leaving on that day in the Treasury,
to be applied to all the objects of ap-
propriations which have been before
examined, about..................$4,000,000
Mr. W. said we should be told here that the
