1836.1
AW*ÉNd1& tÚ tm COÑGRÉá^lOlVAL ÚLOBfe.
339
24tii Cówg...1st Sess.
Sérviées of Volanhtn—Mr. Critlet.
Ho. ó* 41bps.
revenues of the vear were to be received, and
would be applicable to, and sufficient for, these
appropriations. How is the fact ? The receipts
for the first quarter of the year are included in
the above balance of moneys in the Treasury on
the first day of the present month. The revenue
from the public lands, if this bill passes, is to be
reserved for distribution, and is not applicable to
any other appropriations. The means of the
Treasury will then be the $4,000,000 remaining
in it as above shown, and the revenue from cus-
toms for the last three quarters of the year.
Suppose that revenue to equal the highest esti-
mates of the friends of the bill, and to be $$,000,000
per quarter, or $15,000,000 for the last three
quarters of 1836; we shall then have $19,000,000
for the service of the present year for all purposes,
ordinary and extraordinary, a sum just about
equal, or exceeding, by $1,000,000 only, the    tion ot its common citizens,
average ordinary expenses of the Government for    right to its protecting care?
themselves or by us? In such a state of things
where Would taxation be likely to fall! Would
the Legislatures of the States impose direct taxes
upon their immediate constituents; or would they,
much more probably, instruct their agents and
representatives here to raise, by the indirect tax-
ation within the power of this Government, the
revenues the States require ? May not a condi-
tion of things of this description render taxation
here popular at home, and thus convert the Gov-
ernment into a mere power to raise revenue for
the expenditure of the State governments, until
either the independence of the State governments
is merged in their dependence upon the Federal
Government for money, or until the unequal
action of Sflch a system shall break' our bond of
union, and thus destroy the power which op-
presses one portion for the benefit of another po r-
tion of its common citizens, possessing a common
the last two years. With what rapidity can the
public defenses be prosecuted with a fund of
«1,000,000 per annum?
Mr. W. said it would be asked, what shall be
done with the large amount of money in the
deposit banks, if this bill be not passed, and that
money distributed to the States? For himself,
he was ready to answer. He would appropriate
for the wants of the Government, and especially
for the public defenses of every description, and
in every quarter, ail that can be economically and
profitably expended, and the balance, whatever
it may be, he would invest in Securities  the pay-
ment of which, with interest, is guarantied by
May there not be danger also that the institu-
tions of this Government win" be suffered to lan-
guish; that the proper appropriations for their
support will be withheld; that the Army will be
neglected; {he Navy destroyed; the fortifications
discontinued; and even the civil and judicial de-
partments be insufficiently sustained—that the
fund to be distributed may be enlarged?
Mr. W. said he must say he felt great danger
in this view of the action of this bill. His ap-
prehension arose from no ungenerous distrust of
the patriotism of the Sfates, but from a full ápd
perfect knowledge that óurlocal interests in the"
different Sections of the Union conflict with each
some one of the States.   In that way he Would  ' other, arid that no system of taxation which can
preserve whatever surplus revenue there may be
for .the present, and would not give it away until
time had been allowed to complete the permanent
defenses of the nation, and tt see, from the
practical operation of our present revenue laws,
whether any surplus would remain after these
heavy expenditures shall have been incurred.
Mr. W. said a very brief notice of two other
suggestions should relieve the Senate from his
very tedious remarks.
The first suggestion to which he referred was
the probable effect upon the States of this Union
of dividing to them the revenues of the national
Treasury, from whatever source- the revenue to
be divided may have been derived. Our system
is complex, and a full and independent preserva-
tion of all its parts is indispensable to its health-
ful action. The Federal Government is but the
agent, the organ of the Otates 'is constituted by
them, and without their concurrence, counte-
nance, and support, cannot exist. Still it is, for
some purposes, superior to the governments of
the States; and within its sphere, its action, if
coming in collision with the action of the State
governments, is to prevail. How important,
then, that it should be the constant care and in-
terest of the respective States to keep this Gov-1
emment most strictly within the sphere marked |
out and prescribed- by the Constitution of the
Union! Ami what Will more strongly tend to
change the feelings of the Statea*-*o put to sleep
their watchfulness and care and jesdousy óf the
powers of this Government, than to accustom
them to depend upon it* Treasory, or its taxing
power, for the means Of their support of their
internal improvements, of their general education,
and the tike r He did not intend to exprés* dis-
trust of the patriotism «f the -States^ he certainly
did not feel any *u*h distrust; btrt M the** «bt
danger, great danger, hi this bten*irtg«f Govern-
ment interests between th  nadan and the States ?
Is there am danger that «fen h dirpoaftion- of the
national treasure tatty ttfake taxWitdn popular?
We must not forget that we'are 1he repfláserifií-
Jives of «the Reates—that tlMSir Willis, or'ihdWd
be  the barvfor our govern*** in oarWfatBliere.
May -not the distribution of millions fWrt the
National Treasury excitéexpeetetío* ' df future
bounty, which win irtdwee 'the Suites u> tfnder-
t*ke works of internal improvement rtíqtríring
years for their completion, and meuhs far bey odd
those now in our Treasury to Bi#et thfe expendí -
tares? May not the anticipations tlitfs excited
of filters dividends be disappointed, ártd the ne-
cessity be thus produced of raising additional
«venues for tfe  use  of the States, either by
, or will be adopted for purposes such as he had
indicated will act equally upon all the States.
The other Suggestion (Mr. W. said) which he
| proponed te> make was m relation to that pro-
I vision of the bill Which declares that the distri-
bution under it to the States shall cease in case
the cotfntry shall be involved in a foreign war.
It was worthy of remark, preliminarily, that this
provision excluded these wars to which we were
mors peculiarly and constantly exposed—the wars
with the Indians within the limits of the States
and apon out border .   Whatever may be the
expenses of those wars iti future, the distribution
provided for it to continue, and the expenses of
such wars are to be charged upon revenues tobe
derived from sources other than the public lands.
What would be the effect Of this provision upon
the States in ease just canse of war with a foreign
Power should arise? Would it be the expression
of an unjust suspicion of their patriotism to say
that they would find in the action of this bill a
direct temptation to resist any such war? Tt whs
most apparent that war must at all time* embar-
rass the com alerce and business of the people of
the States, *nd if, In addition tb these objections
to a state of War, their dividends from the na-
tional Treasury, rendered more necessary in timé
of war, were to be suspended by the occurrence
of war, was it wrong to suppose that this pria-
ciple #f distribution, accompanied by such a con-
ditio , might rftdaee them to resist a declaration
of war, even at the hfttard of the interest ana the
honor of the nation ? Mr. W. said he feared the
action of the bin in this respect; and if the dis-
tribution must take place, he would prefer that
this condition should not be retained, but that
the whole subject should be left open fo* the
future action of Congress, Whenever any emer-
gency «kail «rise calling for a change.
SERVICES OF VOLP?ITfiJER3,     kj,    >
REMARKS OF HON. ft. H. &ÍLLET,
a _  J    Of NEW TORE,
Ik She. Hoots or Revreskntstivjci,
'^ -„  jt          Jpmit, 1636,
Id Committee of trie Whole on the state aftbe l/nian
on ü>« Ml «QthatuiDg ¡be President to accept the services
vf Volunteers. ,
Mh OILLET said:
Mí. ÚntfiKMA**: The bill bow before the oom-
 ¡Uee is one átithorífcrrig «he President of the
Unite* SWeato-fteoeptiheServiiesof volunteets.
To this bill has been offered an amendment,
directing the raising and Organizing one additional
regiment of dragoons or mounted riflemen. To
this amendment Mr. G. said he would offer a
modification, requiring them to be raised only in
case the President should deem them necessary to
defend the country. Mr. G. said he had offered
the amendment with the view of rendering the
bill as acceptable to all sides of the House aá
possible. He presumed that all would assent to
the proposition that the present Executive was
fully competent to understand all indications of
hostility, and Would, when nepessary, promptly
act, as the interests of the frontier should re-
quire.
Here Mr. ASHLEY accepted the proposed
amendment as a modification of his own.
Mr G continued. He said he was happy to
learn that the amendment was acceptable to that
gentleman.
The course of the- discussion has been SucK
that hefelt it to be his duty to make some remarks'
on this subject. He should do so, though hi
had made no preparation for that purpose.
The bill as now amended, as he understood it,
authorizes the President to accept volunteers for
a period not less than twelve months, for the
purpose of defending our frontiers, and those sec-
tions of country still occupied by Indians. It \i
limited in its operation to two years. An amend-
ment had been offered by the gentleman frorfj
Missouri, [Mr. Ashley,] which proposes to add
to our present military forcé One regiment of dra-
gobns or mounted riflemen. The period of ser*
Vice df the proposed regiment, of course, would
be ridt to exceed three years, as provided in the
act to Which the amendment refers. The itnmfr 
díate question before jhe House Was On the
amendment; but he Would proceed to discus*
both the bill and amendment—both being open
for discussion.
Four questions arise:
First, is there a probable necessity of an addi-
tional regiment for three years'
Second. If there is such a necessity, what de-
scription of force is best adapted to the service
required?
Third. IS there any probability that a further
forte* may be necessary within two years?
Fourth. If there is any such probability, for
how long a period ought volunteers t#*é  ■-
ceived?
The last return's of the Army show that We new
have seven regiments of infantry, with four hun-
dred and twenty privates each, four of artillery,
with three hundred and seventy-eight privates
-each, and one regiment of dragoons containing
six hundred privates, making an aggregate of
3ve thousand and fifty-two privates.    Of this
number four hundred and thirteen were oh the
sick list, and three hundred and twenty-six in
arrest or confitietnent.   These two «lasses alone
'diminish the number on duty seven hundred and
thirty-nine.   Other eattfte* doubtless add to the
Humbev of those who are not perfonaiing duty.
It may be safety said that sot «ore 'than four
fifths of our Army can be **K*d upon as ready
und fit for actual service.   When undergoing the
fatigues and hardships of « campaign in a wil-
-demeas counofy, tfc* proportion of effective men
Will be greatly diminished.   Tke «turns «how
this smalt force 'scattered «t fifty-three «dinVrwrt
posts, and, with, a siorfle exception, wit wis post
ha  <W  /hundred privates.   They tare scattered
from Mame-to Mexico, and from Louisiana to
the lakeSi   i  ¡a true that at this nwmertt a.por-
tk  «four A¡n y w ceoesBtrsisd at Florid , but
he: spdke  f its ordinary position.   Sfsa, 'but, we
hare in the very heart of our *wu*hern «busitry
an indina power which we have not been abfe
for•rtorithsTOawbdwe,though w  ha* «eatthere
-«H the force whioh we could well iatog together
at that point.
How tnUch force «say «till be neelfed to wrbaoe
these Indian , and protect the country,- cannot
now be known. We cannot be Mma to passing
events at the West. The war-belt is going the
rounds from Florida to ihe upper Mississippi.
The Indians exhibit symptoms of restlessness,
&nd even hostilities. There are now on our
Western, borders some thirty or forty thousand
