384
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 24,
24th Cows...  1st Sess.
Services of Volunteers—Mr. Gittet.
Ho. of Reps.
warriors, and some of them entertaining strong
feelings of hostility towards us.   Many of these
are armed after our own example.   By the last
returns, the whole force under General Gaines,
who commands the western division, amounted
to only one thousand nine hundred and ninety-
¿ve privates present and fit for duty.  Of General
Scott's force, only three hundred and three pri-
vates fit for duty were in Michigan and Wiscon-
sin,and these were at six different places. General
Gaines's force was at twenty-two different places.
This small force cannot, in any reasonable period
of time, be concentrated at any one point; and if
it could, it would be too small to resist such an
Indian force as could any day be assembled.  But
our safety will not permit an abandonment of the
present posts.   Even the force at them is gen-
erally conceded to be too small to keep the Indians
in awe.   We had better increase than diminish
the number of these posts.   He understood that!
we were under a treaty obligation to protect some j
of the Indians that we had induced to go to the I
West, against aggressions from their present
neighbors. If this is so, certainly a considerable
new force is needed for that service. Our frontier
force is needed, not so much for fighting as to
keep the Indians in check, and preventing actual
hostilities.   Our authority will not be respected,
unless we exhibit before them a power which can
chastise them into obedience.   They will never
attack them when tbey are fully persuaded that
instant punishment will ensue.   These consider- ;
aliona induced him to believe that a regular force, '
for at Jeast three years, was actually necessary |
and proper, to guard the western and northwestern !
frontier.   He should therefore sustain the prop-
osition to raise the contemplated regiment.
This brought him to consider what description
of force was best adapted to the service required.
Some were of the opinion that mounted men were
best, while others gave preference to infantry or
riflemen. In choosing between these corps, we
must consider the .nature of the duties that are
required, and the place where they are to be per-
formed. We do not need the same in attacking
a fort thatw* do in.scouring a wilderness; npr do
we require the same to range a prairie that we do
to traverse the thick underwooded forests of the
North. Where he resided, dragoons or mounted
riflemen could accomplish but little in the wil-
derness. There riflemen and infantry alone can
traverse the forests, and find the Indian in its
dark recesses. Not so at the West., Many of
the tribes are mounted on fleet horses, ana all
more with a celerity hardly expected of any
other force than mounted men. No armed men
but dragoons or mounted riflemen can ever over-
take and punish them. Often the very safety of
our men depends upon the rapidity of their move-
ments. You may at sunset be in hot pursuit,
and near to your enemy, who is moving west;
and if he is mounted, he may soon approach
with suddenness and rapidity, and attack you
from the east. During the dry season of autumn
and winter, it would be easy for such a foe to
hem in a force on foot, amid the fires of the
prairies. There is no way to oppose this Indian
power, which is so certain of being successful, as
to send mounted men, who can speedily, change
positions, and move from point to pointas rap-
idly a* their opponents. The tribes at the West,
which we must protect from the hostilities of
other tribes, are scattered over a large extent of
country; and no military force could traverse that
country and protect them as well as a mounted
one. Indeed, none other could act efficiently.
One objection had been urged against mounted
meo, which had bat little weight with him: it
was that this was the most expensive kind .of
force that could be employed. The great ques-
tion should be, not what is the cheapest, but what
force is best calculated to accomplish the object
intended. He was well aware, from his own
knowledge of these matters, that cavalry was the
most expensive force that could be raised. But
then he had entire confidence that it was so much
more efficient and useful for the purposes in-
tended, that it should be employed. He, how-
ever, fully believed we could accomplish the great
purposes in view cheaper by employing dragoons
«r mounted riflemen, than by any other force.  It
may be necessary to go many hundred miles into
the western wilderness in a single season.   This
can only be done by mounted men.   The slow
movements of men on foot will prevent their ever
being able to make a display of our power to dis-
tant tribes to keep them in check.  A small num-
ber of mounted men will be able to show them-
selves at many distant points in a single season.
But infantry cannot do this. His belief was, that
we should, for these reasons, employ mounted
men; and he should prefer to see them armed
with rifles or carbines of the recent construction.
One word more about the expense to be occa-
sioned by the proposed mounted regiment.   He
desired to know if we were at this time to be
deterred from protecting our frontiers on account
of the expense?   What do we hear every day?
Are we not told that there is a perfect plethora in
our Treasury, and that the moneys there must
be distributed to the States to prevent their en-
dangering—nay, ruining our institutions?   He
hoped, with such a state of things, the calls of
our western brethren for the protection of their
wives and children and their homes would not be
disregarded,but that we should go far enough to
calm the fears of the most timid.   There is no
doubt about the right to use the means in the
Treasury for their defense and protection.   We
ought to use it economically, but freely.   It was
one of the purposes of our civil contract to secure
protection to all. They should not only be made
actually secure, but it should be so apparent that
all would feel secure.   It is a life of misery to
doubt our security.   We must also bear in mind
that the fears of women and children are to be'
calmed only by those palpable measures which
attract the attention of all.   He but too well re-
I membered the sufferings of many sections of
I country during the last war, occasioned by their
j being, not in dangerous, but doubtful positions.
Thpse who believed themselves to be in danger
suffered but little less than those who were ac-
i tually so.   The fears then excited by a civilized
foe could bear but little comparison with those
called forth in the West by a savage one, whose
movements are sudden, and whose rule of war-
fare is to pounce upon their victims in the still-
ness of midnight, sparing neither age nor sex,
. making all the victims of savage and fiendish
barbarity.
¡ He had regretted that a sectional allusion had
been made at all. It was unjust, coming from
any quarter. H* considered the protection of our
fellow-citizens in all quarters.of the Union from
the tomahawk and scálping-knife to be a different
matter from giving protectipn to one branch,of
industry to elevate it above others of equal con-
sideration. He little wished to build up one in-
terest at the expense of another, or to confer
privileges upon one class of men not accorded to
all others. But he did desire to protect our citi-
zens against all aggressions and violence which
might interfere with their lawful pursuit of hap-
piness.                                                   ,
. Our last war, Mr. G. believed, grew principally
out of aggressions upon the commerce carried on
by our Atlantic brethren, most of which was from
the northern and eastern States. The wrongs
.then committed aroused the pride and honor of
the nation, and we leaped, with a noble daring,
without money in ourTreasury, into awar costing
many millions. He thought the,west and interior
States, were as prompt to sustain, that measure
as any other portion of the Union. The  West
would not suffer by comparing her votes in those
times with the votes from the East. He pre-
sumed they would not shrink from comparing
their battles with those of any other portion of
the Union. He. did tibt wish to be nrfdersta^d
as speaking disparagingly of the zeal and activity
of any portion of the Union. His own State had
shared gloriously in that conflict. .But' all he
wished was to show that the West was for our
country, our whole country, both here in this
Hall, and on the battle-field.
Sir, at the last session we had our attention
turned towards preparation for a conflict with
France, growing out of claims of our Atlantic
merchants of some forty years' standing. He
appealed to the records of the votes on that occa-
sion, to show who were ready to rote millions
to put the Atlantic in a state of defense. He
hoped now he should see his northern and eastern
friends cheerfully vote to place the frontier in the
most complete state of defense. Those local
feelings, which measure out the means of defense
only for their immediate neighborhood, are un-
worthy of an American bosom. He hoped to
see them expunged and nullified. We are all
American people, and all interested in the welfare
of the whole; and when the West ask the means
of protection for the frontier, he should place
much confidence in what they asserted, and he in
turn should expect the like confidence from them
in what related to his section of country. He
had no fears of their wishing an army to traverse
the western wilderness for any other purpose
than bona fide defense. Indian wars and Indian
campaigns were not so inviting as to be sought
for as a matter of pastime or patronage. He
would here say, in justice to himself, that he was
opposed to a standing army, beyond what was
necessary to garrison our forts, and to protect the
frontiers from savage aggressions. He would
state, before he sat down, what was, in his judg-
ment, necessary to be done, in order to keep our
standing army at a low limit.
The same reasons which he had assigned for
the additional regiment would, to a certain extent,
apply to show the necessity of placing the volun-
teers at the command of the President. He would
add, that the knowledge among the Indians of
the existence of this force in a form to enable us
immediately to chastise them would operate
strongly to deter them from aggressions. If they
are not needed these volunteers will cost us noth-
ing; but if their services should be required they
will be ready for immediate action. It was enough
for him that those who understood this subject
best, and who were to.be protected, desired the
existence of this force. He should cheerfully
vote it. He would remark that it conferred no
new power on the Executive, but it only changed
the form of exercising it. By the present law he
can, in case of hostilities, call upon any of the
Governors of the several States for militia, as he
shall deem expedient; but this bill proposed to
allow him to receive volunteers. He thought this
was right. But there is this difference between
the present law and this bill. By the present law
they can only be called out for the limited period
of three months; but by this bill they may be
accepted for a period not less than one year. He
deemed this change an important one. It enabled
us to retain our men for a full campaign, and long
enough to accomplish any object which we should
be likely to desire. They would leave home and
enter the service, expecting to be absent for their
full term. But the militia leave home unexpect-
edly and unprepared, and it is often much to their
injury to he long absent. It is difficult to retain
them sufficiently long in service to accomplish
any valuable purpose at a distant point. Much
of their time, too, is consumed in reaching the
place where their services may be required. He
was, therefore, decidedly in favor of the term of
service being not less than one year.
He bad arrived at the conclusion that both the
bill and the amendment ought to be adopted.
But suppose we do not pass either, and a cruel,
merciless Indian war should break out before we
assemble again, and lay. waste and desolate the
ffon tier; should we feel ansonsciousness of having
done, our duty, and would our constituents cheer
us with approbation of our conduct ? .He thought,
if tha fears of the West, were realized on this
subject, that our own pillow  would be pillows
of thorns, and our own consciences would concur
with our constituents in condemning ourdisregard
of our solemn, but palpable duty. His constitu-
ents would desire him to do by the West as they
would wish to be done by themselves, if placed
in a similar situation, He was sure, if he should
bring them a sixth of the whole Treasury, and
tell them they could have it, but that it must be
at the price of the lives of men, women, and
children of the West, they would hurl it back in
scorn; nay, they would place such an indelible
stigma upon the, bearer, of such a proposition,
that repentance and a long life of patriotism
would hardly remove it. There were no such
selfish, money-losing, and unpatriotic citizens
