1636;]
APPENDEÍ TO THE CGNGRfiSSKmAL GLÓBk
m
24th Cosg....1stSess.
Exploring Expedition—Mr. Hamer.
tlo. 6* Reps.
Jackson party, and an Adams party;
memora'
■n pnrty, ana an Aaams party. After the
-ame election of President by Congress in
l8ij, there were but tiro parties in politics—an
Adam* «ml Clay party, called *' National Repub-
licans," and a Jjckson party composed of the
¿emceracii of the country. And under these i
nam "* .md political leaders the war was carried j
on U'.til aft r the election of President in 1839,
wht'i the country, led on by a set of ambitious
political demagogues, again became divided into
rmurous parti  s or factions professing tn enter-
tain i ntnely different principles, but, at the same
tint', unitid all their energies in opposing the
measures of the present Administration.
Mr. Speaker, We have heard much complaint
from those opposed to the present Administration
about prescription for " opinion's sake." Sir, at
what period m our political history was the work
cf •' prc«ei iplion for opinion *s sake " carried on with
more virulence than it has been by the modern
*' Vh'.i" party, from the commencement of the
'ute Administration down to the present period?
Sir, I well recollect that Mr. Clay, a prominent
leader of the " IPMg" party in politics, while
aetin? a? Secretary of State during the misru/e of
the lat" Administration, held the doctrine that it
wonld not do to give to Ms political enemies sticks
to break his own head with—and acting upon
tliis principle, I believe, that the publication of
the laws of Congress was transferred from all
Jackson newspapers to those which were then
in the support of the Administration, or to such
newspapers as could be purchased up by the
patronage of the Government!
1 could here relate a good anecdote touching a
prmcriled editor of a public newspaper^ in the
district formerly represented by myself in Con-
gress during Mr. Clay's administration  of the
State Department, but lam not disposed to trouble
the House with the whole story,   I will only
nay that  Etidu  Stowf,  editor of the Western
Sun, at Vincennes, in the State of Indiarra, was
proscribed by Mr. Clay, because the editor of the
Sun  was an  uncompromising Jackson man.   I
well recollect,too, that, under the late Administra*
tion, the first questions asked of an individual
who became a candidate for office was, " tike in
faror of the present Administration?"   If not, he
was proscribed through the ballot-boxes; and so it
is at the present day.    " Whig" conventions and
public meetings are recommended, and are being
held in every State in the Union, for the grand
purpose of organizing the whole "Whig" force
in one common cause of political warfare; and
the friends of General Jackson, Martin Van Bu-
rén, and Richard M. Johnson, are  to be fro-
scribed for "opinión safe" by those very individ-
uals who are so load in Aeir complaints against
others for what they themselves are in the daily
habit of performing.    Surely, Mr. Speaker, our
" Whig" neighbors must place a poor estimate
«deed upon the good sense of the people of this
country, if they really believe that the people are
so very ignorant as not tó see through and to un-
derstand all the hollow deception which is now
being played off by the modern " Whigs."   The
people fully understand the subject, and will
treat it as it deserves to be treated by independent
freemen.
I have before said, Mr. Srfeaker", tfoÉÍ, after the
presidential election in 1885, all the parties in
politics were reduced to Hoo parties; that ts, a party
in power, and a party out of power. And éo it
is at the present time. Now that there is ftnotHér
presidential election close at hand, all tfee p&tiHeal
factions are arrayed Under the banner trf the new-
born Whigs of 1834, in opposition to the nominee*
of the Baltimore convention for President ahd
Vice President: and those who compose the Jack-
son party ate denounced by the new-born Whig*
as " coHor dogs."
ISf. Speaker, for myself, I am pi-ond of the
title thus conferred by the Whigs of 1834. Dogs
wearing the collar of their master are' generally
considered to be a superior class of <dogs, having
the entire confidence of their masters. Sir", I am
a party man, and one of the true collar dogs, (so
called by the modern "Whigs,**) and am proud
to wear the collar of such a man as Andrew Jack-
son, whose eollar is the collar of Democracy. The
charge that the Jackson party are proácriptive In
their feeling  and actions u utterly witbOU I foon-
No. 22
dation in fact. The Democratic State of Indiana
has given her vote on three several occasions to
the present Chief Magistrate, and yet there has
never been a Jackson majority in her State Legis-
lature, nor has she ever elected a Jackson Gov-
ernor.
I have said thus much, Mr. Speaker, in refer-
ence to party politics, and nowto tne subject under
consideration. My first object Will be to show
that, in truth and in fact, there is no surplus rev-
enue in the Treasury to distribute. Bills have
been reported by the two Houses of Congress,
during the present session, appropriating upwards
of $27,000,000, and treaties are now in progress
with certain Indian tribes which will require
$6,500,000 more, making up the sum of upwards
of $33,000,000, while the revenue on hand on the
first of April was only $31,000,995; so that all
the ado about the vast amount of surpius revenue
is a mere political humbug, gotten up for political
effect. This subject of distributing the proceeds
of the public lands among the several States was
introduced just before the last Presidential elec-
tion, and now that another election ofPresidentis
near at hand, this subject is again revived and
pressed with great zeal, and the avarice of the
people is appealed to from the halls of Congress
with a view to influence them in fevor of the
measure.
Mr. Speaker/let the people of this country
once become satisfied that they arc taxed over
and above at  amount which, may be necessary
for the ordinary expenses of the Government,
and they will tell you to keep thé.fingers of your
tax-gatherers' out of their pockets, and leave
them to apply their own money as they may
think proper. Sir, let the question be made be-
fore the people, by candidates for office, the one
declaring himself to be in favor of taxing the
people, for the'purpose of raising a large surplus
fund, to be distributed among the States of this
Union, antt the other one declaring himself op-
fiosed t  the measure1, and it will require no po-
itical prophet to foretell the decision that would
be made by the peoole. Sir, I should like to be
opposed upon this principle before the people of'
the first congressional, district óf Indiana, or be-"
fore the people of the whole State. The people
are humbugged hy telling them of the hundreds
of thousands of dollars they would receive by a
distribution of surplus revenue, all of which has
been taken from the pockets of the dear people
by a system of taxation not called for, for the
"general welfare of the United States."
Why, I ask, are the public lands selected as the
particular item of revenue to be distributed out
among the several States? Should the present
system of disposing of the public lands be con-
tinued, it will not be long before all the most
valuable portion of the public lands will fall into
the hands of rich speculators, who will have the
power of preventing settlement from being made
in the new States, and thereby prevent many
poor but honest citizens from obtaining^ a home
for themselves and their families. Sir, it should
be the object of the Government to have the
western wilds settled and cultivated. Let the
public land he reduced in price, and sold to none
but actual settlers thereon, and thenthe new States
would grow in wealth and enterprise, and would
soon become able to make their own internal
improvements without the aid of the General Gov-
ernment.
Mr. Speaker, I might de'ain the House longer;
but as speeches are not made so much with a
view to enlighten members of Congress as to
operate upon the country, I will conclude my
remarks; and in writing out my speech, I will
endeavor to correct some of the many blunders
which I have made in speaking.
EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
SPEECH OF HON. T. L. HAMER,
OF OHIO,
Iv.ihe House of Reprksbktativbs,
Jtf«/9,1836,
On the* appropriation for a Surveying and Ex-
ploring Expedition to tn* South Se*s.
Mr. HAMER said he concurred, to" a great
exwatyia thftview  «f *J  $entlein*afrom.Yu*
j ginia, [Mr. Patton,] who had just taken his
seat, lie was of opinion, and had so expressed
himself the other day when this subject was be-
fore the House, that each department of the
Government ought to act independently, and upon
its own responsibility. Each branch, whether
legislative, executive, or judicial, ought to man-
fully meet and settle every question presented
to it, without attempting to shrink from its duty,
or to shift responsibility from its own shoulders
upon any other department. The Senate had
thus acted in reference to this subject; whilst the
amendment now proposed by the Committee on
Naval Affairs of this House referred the whole
question to the discretion of the President of the
United States. He had as much confidence in
the wisdom; intelligence, and patriotism of the
Chief Magistrate, as any gentleman; but be
thought we ought to decide this question our-
selves. He, therefore, preferred the original
amendment of the Senate to the modification of
our committee. He had, however, conversed
with several friends of the appropriation, who
seemed inclined to acquiesce in the present amend-
ment, and he should sc far yield to their wishes,
aa not to interpose any strenuous opposition to
the views of the Naval Committee. If a majority
I of the House were disposed to adopt it in this
i shape, he would not insist upon the original pro-
position.
|     He was the more inclined to yield to th is amend-
ment, because he believed the effect would be pre-
cisely the same.   The expedition would be sent
1 out under either provision.    The last seven years
had shown, that under no previous Administration
| had maritime interests been more kindly cher-
' ished and thoroughly protected than they had
' been under the care of the enlightened and patri-
otic Chief who now presided over the Executive
Department of our Government.   He, who had
been always alive to the interest and honor of his
country, would be neither insensible to the advant-
ages of this expedition, "nor slow in the execu-
tion of a trust reposed in his discretion.  '
This measure had been objected to as novel
and extraordinary in its character.   Gentlemen
had hot examined the subject (he thought] who
made these objections.   Almost every nation in
Europe had, at one time or other, sent out  im-
ilar expeditions.   FVanee, England, Russia, and
Prussia, as well as several of the ««Sondar? nations
of Europe, had authorised such expeditions.   He
would go no further back than the voyage of
Christopher Columbus, who had three hundred
years ago discovered a new World, and conferred
such important benefits upon the whole human
race.   His was by no means the first voyage of
the kind; but from that day down to the present,
similar expeditions for discovery, exploration,
and survey, both by sea and land, had been set
on foot by the civilized nations of the Old World,
and had, in almost every instance, resulted most
beneficially, not only to the authors, but to the
whole family of nations.- The information thus
acquired was thrown into the common stock.   It
was published for the benefit of all-, and-oo nation
was more ready to seize upon the results'of these
discoveries and turn them to it  own advantage
than ourselves.   It was known to every man who
had examined the subject, that our manner* were
navigating the ocean, almost exclusively, by the
aid of charts furnished us by foreigners.   The
immense amount of wealth daily flowing into
our country from foreign  commerce owed its
security, amidst the dangers of the greattiecp, to
the information we had derived from the explora-*
tíons and surveys made by others m former times,
as wefl as in the present age.   The expedition w
not novel, therefore, nor is it at all extraordinary.
It had been pronounced a visionary project, and
one eentlertan had compared it to an expedition
to the moon.   He was surprised to hear gentle-
men indulge in the use of such language.   They
surely had misapprehended the meaning of the
t«m " exploration," asr used upon this occasion.
The expedition, «o for from being-visionary, was
one of the most practical kind that could w*ll be
imagined.   It was sent out, not so much to dis-
cover new islands and continents, as to explore
and examine those which were already known.
It was, in a great measure, to collect information
«ud embody it in. «nek a form «a would<eaable our
