388
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 9,
24th Cong—1st Sess.
Exploring Expedition—Mr. Hamer.
Ho. op Reps.
hardy and enterprising countrymen to navigate
those seas and to prosecute their labors in safety.
If any gentleman, who entertained such opi'iions, |
would look into the documents upon our tables, |
connected with the subject, he would be convinced
that it was one of the most practical aflairs that
had been proposed during the present session of
Congress.   It had been asked forby practical
men, and recommended by many who had them-
selves sailed in those seas, and were personally
acquainted with the imminent perils which had to
be encountered in such voyages. These men were |
not likely to be carried away by wild and vision- ,
ary schemes; and when the measure had their |
decided approbation, it would be well for gentle- |
men to pause before they gave it an unqualified i
denunciation.
Some gentlemen seemed to question our con- |
stitutional authority to 3end out this expedi-
tion. He had no doubts upon that subject. The
power was to be found in that clause of the Con-
stitution which allows us to regulate commerce
with foreign nations and among the several States.
It was under that clause of the Constitution, he
said, that we now had Mr. Hasler, with his
splendid apparatus and scientific corps, engaged i
in surveying the whole maritime coast of the I
nation. No one doubted our authority to do this;
and the most important and useful resulta were
likely to follow the surveys. Among others, he
would name the recent discovery of a channel at
the city of New York, about two feet deeper than
any one known to the oldest inhabitants, or to
the most experienced and skillful pilots upon that
coast. It was under this clause of the Consthu- ■
tion those-surveys were progressing; and if we
had a right to survey and note upon charts .the
channels, the rocks, quicksands,and islands alon 
our own -coast, because our vessels were engaged
in navigation among these dangers, why could
we not make similar examinations, with the
same object, in any seas, which were frequented
by our vessels' In principle, there was no dif-
ference. The safety of our commerce was the
object in each case; and the mode of affording
that safety was not varied.
We bad never sent out such an expedition
upon the ocean; although our public vessels were
instructed to collect all such commercial informa-
tion as might fall within the range of their obser-
vation, and to preservo it for the public benefit.
But we had had several such by land to the great
interiorof thiscontinent. Every gentleman would
recollect the expedition of Lewis and. Clark to
the Rocky Mountains. What was the object of
that expedition ? It was to acquire information
with regard to an unknown region of country;
to open an intercourse with the natives; to asrer-
tain the natural resources of the country; and to.
promote the interests of science. By reference to the
instructions which were drawn up by Mr. Jeffer-
son himself, it would be seen that thoy were to
notice the soil and face of tlve country, its vege-
table productions, especially those unknown in
the United States; and the present races of ani-
mals, as well as remains, or accounts of those
supposed to be extinct, were deemed worthy of
observation. The mineral productions of every
kind were to be noted; limestone, coal, saltpeter,
salines, and mineral waters, remarking the tem-
perature and character of the latter, were all com-
mended to their notice. To these were added
volcanic appearances, climate, and the propor-
tions of clear and cloudy weather; rain, hail,
snow, ice, and frost, at different seasons; partic-
ular birds, reptiles, and insects; and the latitude
and longitude of important places.
They were further instructed to hold intercourse-
with the natives, and to impress them with the
position, extent, character, peaceable and com-
mercial' dispositions of the United States, and of
our inclination to hold friendly intercourse with
them'.
Such were the directions given by that great
and good man, Thomas Jefferson¡ The expedi-
tion which he sent out was exactly such a one as
we now propose to sead; except that one went
into a wilderness almost entirely unknown to our
people, and the other was to go into seas that
were partially known to them, it is true, but whose
rocks and reef* were not known, either to our
iUTigatore,ortotlio«!ej}f «nyptlifiriifttjon,   The
instructions to Long, in 1822, were similar to
those given to Lewis and Clark. Indeed, Mr.
Monroe refers to the instructions given to them,
and directs Major Long to be governed by them
in his tour. The expedition of Mr. Featherston-
haugli, the geologist, sent out to Arkansas during
the last year by our Government, was instituted
for similar purposes.
The practice of the Government had therefore
given a construction to the Constitution, such as
wc now claimed for it. The right to make these
explorations, both by sea and land, had been
claimed and exerciseu, in numerous instances,
and the authority to make them could not well be
doubted. At this moment, whilst we were dis-
cussing the question, Mr. Hasler was executing
charts from the materials he had collected along
our coast during the past summer; and it would be
a most, singular position to assume, that, although
we could require him to survey and note all the
reefs and islands within sight, or within one hun-
dred miles of our coast, because the commerce of
the country was carried on through this space,
yet we could not send him, for the some purpose,
to another part of the ocean, equally occupied by
the public armed aud private merchant vessels of
the United States. 1 he ocean was the common
property of all nations; and each had an equal
right to navigate its waters. Every part of the
ocean was within our jurisdiction; and we had
the same authority to make surveys in the south
seas that wc .had to make them along our own
coast. Wherever the commerce of* the country
now exists, or is, likely to be extended, we have
the right to send protection and information. It
is for these purposes that we annually send ves-
sels and squadrons into the Mediterranean and
other seas, bearing the national colors, and de-
manding national respect. How, then,could a
distinctipn be drawn between this case and one
which limits the surveys to our own- shores?
Such a position was wholly indefensible; and he
would dismiss this branch of the subject without
any further remarks.
If we had the power, then, to send out the
expedition, let us inquire if it be expedient to do
so. Who is to be benefited by it ? What portion
of the country desires it? If the interest of any
considerable class of individuals require it, or if
it be necessary to any considerable portion of our
common country, having the power and the means
to accomplish it^we ought to do it without hesi-
tation. Wc owe6j>roteetion to all classes of our
citizens, and to every part of our country; and.
this protection should be afforded, not oaly freely
and impartially, but it should, be extended to each
one,, according to his own ^peculiar wants and
condition.
He did not believe with some gentlemen, that
one gseat object of an American statesman was
to get'au ¡audi money as possible outof the pub-
lic Treasury, tobe expended in his own region of
country, or among his constituents That prinj
ctple would render our legislation little else than
a pitiful scramble for the public money. On the
contrary, lie viewed this great Republic as one
and indivisible. He did not look forward toa
day when it would be split up into a «umber of
cortfodcracies, and, in anticipation of such an
event, busy himself to get as much as possible of
the common funds appropriated to nis section of,
the country in advance. He held that no man 
or set of men, could dissolve this Union. The
great masa of *he Awwwan people wnre devoted
to it, and they would not .permit its dissolution.
He ¿id most solemnly believe, thatif it were dis-
solved to-day, in less than three months the people
would have another constitution formed, and in,
full operation; and they would,politically destroy
any man or set of men who should attempt to
prevent the reunion. The country was made
to be united; the people felt it to be^keir interest
to remain so; and he would repeat what he had
before •said',- that this country was one quid
indivisible, and would remain so for generations
to come, in spite of all the efforts of selfish,
designing, or1 disaffected politicians to seduce
the people from their allegiance, or to weak-
en "tile' attachment they owed to their com-
mon country. Viewing things in this light, he
had uniformly voted for whatever appeared to
him to be required in any part of the country.   .
Appropriations often seemed to be of local
character, and were so, in some respects; yet,
when properly considered, they were of na-
tional character, and of general utility. Thus a
custom-house in Baltimore, New York, or Bos-
ton, belonged as much to him and his constitu-
ents as it did to the persons who resided in
those cities, or to the gentlemen who represented
them on that floor. They were necessary to aid
in the collection of the revenue, which supported
the Government; and they were placed at those
particular points, because it was most conve-
nient for the commercial community, and for the
whole people, that they should be thus located.
So of navy-yards, light-houses, forts, arsenals,
dock-yards, and harbors. They were all na-
tional; they belonged to his constituents as much
as to any one else; and he voted for their con-
struction and improvement with the same cheer-
fulness and liberality that he voted for an appro-
priation to remove obstructions from the great
rivers in the Mississippi valley, to improve the
harbors upon the great inland seas of the north-
west, or to fortify and defend the western and
southwestern frontiers. When he voted for such
appropriations for the Atlantic coast, he did not
feel that he was making a donation to the States
and cities on this side of the mountains; nor did
he believe that any liberal-minded statesman
along the sea-board thought, when he voted for
expenditures beyond the mountains, that he was
giving away money to the West. Such views
were narrow and illiberal. The only true rule
was, to give whatever the public interest re-
quired, at any and at every point, interior and
exterior. There could, then, be no just cause
of complaint; and the industry and enterprise
of the people, aided by such appropriations,
would produce general happiness and prosperity
throughout all our borders.
Recurring, then, to the question propounded,
what interest was it that required this expendi-
ture ? According to the best information he had
been able to collect, the capital invested in the
whale and seal .fisheries alone, in those seas,
amounted to some fifteen or twenty millions of
dollars. The number of vessels was not less than
four hundred, constituting one tenth of the whole
tonnage of the United States. The number of
seamen employed in this service was at least ten
thousand. The annual value of the trade was
probably six or eight millions, which was so
much wealth extracted from, the ocean by the en-
terprise of our people, and added to the common
stock of the whole nation. This capital and
these men deserve protection. The exposure is
uncommonly gr^afc in, these seas. They abound
with, .shoals, rock3, and islands, not known to
navigators, because they are not recorded upon
any chart now in existe nee; whilst many of those
which are marked are so incorrectly placed that
they -mislead the sailor, who suddenly finds him-
self shipwrecked in an unknown sea, far from
the haunts of civilized man, and destined to be-
come a prey to the cruel and remorseless savages
who inhabit the islands, or to-endure all the
horrors of starvation upon some sterile rock
which lifts its head above the surface of a bound-
less sea.
Such catastrophes w*re of frequent occurrence.
The, losa of property and }ife in those regions had
been immense. Still it did not deter our people
from their employments; they met every danger
and | encountered every peril in pursuit of the
monsters of the deep; and it was hard, that whilst
every other class of our population were pro-
tected by the Government, such men as these
should be neglected, fíe trusted it would no
longer be so. There was one point of view in
which this subject deserved our most serious
consideration. The fisheries were the great nur-
series of American seamen; and when war oy61*'
takes us, these were the very men upon wnoro
we must rely to fight our battles upon the ocean.
They were as ready to brave the roar and car-
nage of an enemy's broadside, or to wield the
boarding-pike under the star-spangled banner aa
they were to pursue their mighty game, amidst
the dangers and perils of the great Pacific ocean.
Whether we considered their condition in peace
or in war, they were a most useful and merito-
rious part of o¿ eitiaens,and deserved tne favor
