1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
24th Covg....1st Sess.
Exploring Expedition—Mr. Hamer.
Ho. of Reps.
and prottition of tin Government. Our seamen
■w n i w < re < nsraar  d m the cod fsln ni s had long
been protntid In t' i boantus allowed thimupon
the cxpoimton of tin produce of th 'rlibors,
but no ¡>iich ni iMsion had i\ir b en p\'i rdcd to
t!i s> nun He ¡>aw no uason for bach a dis-
tinction, but it v. es to be hoped thty would at
K 1st bi aidt d by m improv i d i h.irt of thi tin ater
of their opt ration"?, and a demonstration of our
pow r in those «tas. which would mike an ira-
prfs-aon u'ion the ■.i\ie;i s favtuable to the lutjre
sum ty of our marin is.                                         .
Somt gentltnien appt ared to consider this an
easttin measure. It was not so. The West had
a tlttp intt rest in it. It was well known to all
who residid m the great gram-growing States of
the lntiuoi, that our principal difficulty was to
find a market for the surplus productions of our
tirtik soil Every thing that could supply the
  nuts of man, that constituted the necessanes of
lift, grew up almost spontaneously in the greatest
abundance But we had no market. We were
continually racking our invention to find new and
increased demands for our produce, and to open
new avenues to the sea board, so as to lessen the
rest of transportation, and to increase compcii-
t on among purchasers. This trade, which we
now piopose to foster, is daily increasing, and it
f mushes a maiket already for a large amount of
our surplus produce. This fleet of four hundred
m ssels could not go <o sea without one hundred
thousand barrels of flour; eighty or one hundred
thousand barrels of pork and beef; forty or fifty
thousand pieces of sad cloth, eight or ten thou-
sand tons of cordage; besides large quantities of
~orn, beans, and various other articles necessary
to a long voyage. Have the States bordering on
the Ohio no interest in such a market as this >
Does not Kentucky want a market for her hemp ?
Do not Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, want purchas-
ers for their flour, pork, beef, and corn, which
they all produce in such abundance > Assuredly
they do; and it is chiefly to the manufacturing
and commercial States along the Atlantic that
they must look for the consumption oftheir pro-
duce, especially in time of peace. Itwasforour
t iterest, therefore, in a pecuniary point of view,
as a mere question of dollars and cents, to fos-
ter this trade, and to enlaige its capacity to
consume the productions of the fanning class of
the great Mississippi valley. This consideration
•ecmed to present the national importance of the
measure more clearly to the mind, andfinely illus-
trated 'what must be appaient to every reflecting
man, that we could not extend the aid of the
Government in this country to any portion of the
lttzens, without producing some corresponding
lenefitto other, and often to very distant portions
of our population.
The expedition would not only perform a most
valuable service, by correcting the position upon
the charts, of islands, reefs, and rocks, already
known to exist; bydiscovenngand noting otheis,
of which we have no knowledge; but they would
survey the coasts of the islands, and ascertain
where there were harbors in which ships might
find shelter from storms; points at which wood,
water, and refreshments could be obtained by
our vessels engaged in this trade. Besides these
duties, they would open friendly conferences with
the natives; they would succeed, perhaps, in res-
cuing a number of prisoners, who wTf now un-
doubtedly among these islanders, the remnants
of crews who had been shipwrecked along their
coasts. The rescue of a husband and father, and
his restoration to his disconsolate family, would
be worth half the expense of the cxpe dition; and
the remainder would be covered'by the icdcmp-
tion of some unfortunate son from his savage
masters, and his return to the arms of awidowt d
mother. We might also succeed in lmpicssmg
these people with a correct idea of the friendly
and "pacific policy of our Government, our dis-
positions to hold amicable mteicourse with them,
anj of our power and inclination to punish out-
rages committed upon our ciU/ens.
In addition to tin intelligent naval officers who
would superintend the movement of the \tsstls,
a scientific coips would accmipiny the expe-
dition The duties to be peí fon ii dw < various,
complicated, and arduous, and the success of the
expedition w ould i e qtin e this organization The
laboisof the naval ofheeiS would em'^rire every-
thing essentially connected with their profession,
an employment adequate to the highest intellec-
tual efforts To ascertain with aecuroty the
latitude and longitude of important places visited,
to correct the position of reefs and islands upon
the chaits, and to give place to new ones, to ex-
plore harbors, and point out places foi obtaining
wood, watei, and provisions,, to make observa-
tions tending to tin ow new light upon the obscure
laws which govern the magnet, to open an inter-
course with the natives, and to cause our flag to
be known and respected in those seas—these and
other kindred duties requiring great prudence
and capacity, with unusual skill and professional
attainments, would furnish employment to the
naval officers having charge of the squadron.
Upon the scientific porps other duties would
devolve no lessarduous and important. He could
not descend to details It was sufficient to say,
that the whole field of natural philosophy and
natural history lay open before them. No part
of it should be neglected; for its objects entered
largely into the elements of commerce, and had
an acknowledged value among all civilized nations,
and with all enlightened minds The animal
productions of those remote regions, whether
inhabiting the land, the ocean, or the air, would
require particular attention. The vegetable and
mineral productions could not be overlooked.
Every object connected with the present com-
merce, or calculated to open new channels for
trade, would be journalized and preserved. The
Executive should be able to speak of this corps
in the language of President Monroe's instruc-
tions to Major Long: "Great confidence is re-
' posed in the acquirements and zeal of the citizens
' who will accompany the expedition for scientific
'purposes; and a confident hope is entertained
' that their duties will be performed in such a
' manner as to add both to their own reputation
' and that of our country." The two corps thus
selectedand constituted, each filling its appropriate
department, though blending and aiding each
other in harmonious action, could not fail to ac-
quire a mass of valuable information, calculated
to enrich our commerce, to give new vigor to
enterprise, to enlarge the boundaries of science,
and to increase our national renown by an addi-
tional wreath of glory.
This led him to notice some remarks that fell
from the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hawes]
in relation to an individual who had acted a
prominent part with regaid to this subject. He
alluded to John N. Reynolds, who, at the reques*
of the Committee on Commeite, and by pt r-
mission of this House, had delivered an able and
eloquent address here some weeks ago, in favor
of the expedition He did not hi heve the a:en-
tleman from Ken'ucky had heard the address.
If he had, most, if not a'l, of his prejudices and
objections would hive been removed. Mr. H.
said he had known Mr Re ynolth from his boy-
hood, and knew him wi 11 He came from his
neighboihood in Ohio, where ho was educated,
and studied the law. He was a man of as puie
principles and fair character as any man upon
that floor. His efforts in this cause had been
wholly free from any selfish considerations, and
in all he had done'for the last seven or eight
years to promote it, he had been actuated by
those feelings of patriotism that should animate
every American h«art. He had no doubt, if the
expedition were authorized, that Mr. Reyno'ds
would be employed to ac-ompany it; for he
possessed more mfoi mation with regard to those
seas, and was every Way better calculated to
make the expedition what it ought to be, than
any man within the circle of his acquaintance.
He was in possession of all the facts which had
been collected in refirence to that portion of the
globe, which w°s to be examined and explored,
and he possessed the entire confidence of ail who
knew him. His writings had attracted the at-
tention of men of lette rs in Europe, as well as
in this country, and literary societies and insti-
tutions had conferred upon him some of the
highest honors they hail to bestow Still this
gentleman, who was an honor to Ohio, and to
| our whole country, might not accompany the
expedition. But that fact would have no influence
upon his course. Mr. II. was authorized to say
that his zeal for the success of tne measure, and
for the interest of the expe dition, would continue
unabated, and whatever he could do to insure
its pioperoub termination would be cheerfully
performed. Thus much hi felt himself bound
to say in defense of his fnend, who, although
the gentleman did not mean to assail him, might
sufFo in public estimation from the remaiks
win h bad been made, if they remained entirely
unanswered.
What were the evidences of public opinion in
favoi of this expedition ' In a Government like
ours, public opinion was everything. It was
proper that it should be so. Enlightened public
opinion was always right; and it was a great
moral lever which, in a good degree, nowgoverned
the civilized world, and the time was rapidly ap-
proaching when it would be completely triumph-
ant m all the political movements that took place
in this country.
This measure had been asked for by the whole
commercial and navigating community, so far as
they have expressed an opinion. The members
of the Legislatures of eigl t different States have,
within a few yeais past, íecomniended it to our
favorable consideration- New York, New Jersey,
Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, Maryland,Virginia,
Noith Carolina, and Ohio, had, in tins manner,
decided m its favor. Many of the commercial
towns and cities had petitioned for it. The East
India Marine society of Massachusetts, all of
whose members, by the Constitution, must have
personally doubled either Cape Horn or the Cape
of Good Hope, had sent us a pressing memoiial
in its favor. This document was entitled to great
weight. It came from gentlemen who had exce-
llence, combined with intelligence, upon this
subject. They had personally seen and braved
the dangers winch everywhere meet the naviga-
tor who penetrates into the regions which it would
be the business of this expedition to explore and
describe. To their testimony might be added
that of two of the most able and experienced
commanders in the American navy, Commedore
Dowries and Captain Jones. Thur lette)s were
among the documents upon our tables. They
were valuable for more purposes than one; they
refuted the idea advanced by some, thatour ordi-
nary squadron sent out to the Pacific to protect
the trade of our citizens, could accomplish all
that v,as desirable. Speaking of this subject,
Commodore Downes says:
" \n expedition fitted out for tiie purpose of improv-
ing our knowledge ot tlic hviiiwivplij of those seis, has
olten bceii the <ubjeet ot my reflections     A« the Repre-
entative o! a di>tnet largely ensased in the whale fishery,
vou, Mi. UeetbmusUrenucntlyhave t-oon, from the reports
ft master ee v. -sel-, t ng t^oil in that bo-moss, accounts of
now island and rie -. bnin2 ficqu^ntl) di tovercd, and
wi ich are either not Hid down oi the ch irt«, or go erro-
i eon-ly marked, that tin'y can give no security to the
manner It la probable that nut l^ss than five hundred of
11 i lands and re^. a have bet n ruarke 1 with sufficient
'ceiinov b oer vv! •'lor , s^-dcr , and trafhecrs of one
tain or mothei, to enable nn expedition to examine the
luo-t imp rtdnt oi them, without much loss oí time in seek-
ing tn u posilioiis i hi-* will enable tlic discovery vessels
to do i i iiv. in I tim t> ui ha probably ever been effected
be n sjni ■ ir t r t rpri a from anv other country The ae-
eo'i it, gi\. n ot th d in'Ts and In^es to which our slup-
]UH4 is i \po nl, I)/ th extension ot our trade into seas but
1 tilt knenv ii, so lar, in luvopmioii, from beingexaggeratt d,
«u'l'l idimt ot b ui" pat oil ni bold r i lit f, and the pro-
tt it o i o> Govommt it implored in «•ronger terms 'speak
iro n jiractical know ledge, having mv3eli teen the danger ,
and p uiiiu'lv feit the want of the very kind oi information
ni t ii  uU mi or a vessel in those «eas which our corn-
in riul nit re t^ so imir'i net d, and winch I <-uppo=e
won' I ')" the oh «it of -nil! an expedition as i- now under
consult rai or bdoie the Committee ot Congress to give
Meca' tne vitóle of thn I unities*, ú «ems to me, is a plain
aal ,raJ c J cj„ 'J he comneiee ol our country has
lit r.d"tl i*-ell tor mot pints of tin world—is carried on
aromd i-lanl ¡Mid ruts not laid down on the chart",
•unon  even group  ot inlands from ten to enty in numbT,
abimiuliii* inol'j ct~ vaniable in commerce, but of which
no* ii' 1-Tk lown ecu-it b , iu, not even the sketch of a
In ! ir"h"s h i i Pitt' , w'ul o' iich a arc inhabited our
ki ove !e W i st II more imp-rlc t It would seem to re-
em- no lmiment to prove that i ,iortion oí our commercp
i'u ut b rendered, mot M-iuie, and prnblbly preativ m-
cre".-t ,1 oj\    si Is s( n t pnpt, lv pa pared to examine such
^ Pi   h is th * lnncaisi1 of this prao-icnl and able
ofi    r     It the 1< ttei of C íptaia Jones to Mr.
R..-V-   old  , we have t\e following smfments:
" «ly recent cruue to the Pacific ocean, in the course of
