340
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 29,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Distribution of the Public Lands—Mr. Morris.
Senate.
which I spent some time among the Society, Sandwich,
and other islands, afforded me a good opportunity of seeing,
in partial operation, most of the branches of commerce, the
advantages of which you so clearly demonstrated id your
address to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
" That there is a great field open for national enterprise
in the region to which you have invited the attention of the
American people cannot be doubted; and I accord most
heartily with you, that such a voyage as you contemplate
would open to our commercial, and of course national, in-
terests sources of great wealth, which cannot be brought
into action without the protecting aid of Government."
Such are the opinions of another intelligent and
experienced naval officer, who is intimately ac-
quainted with the whole subject.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
HawesJ I expect, was never out of sight of land
in his Hie; he resides far in the interior, and has
not devoted much time to the examination of
this question; and yet he sets up his opinion in
opposition to these gentlemen, and pronounces
the whole scheme to be useless to the country,
and perfectly visionary. Let me ask the gentle-
man to pause before he takes such strong ground,
and review his opinions. He may find good
reason to retract what he has heretofore believed,
and to become the advocate of a measure which
rallies such able men to its support.
It has been said in the course of the discussion,
that this subject is new to us, and we want more
information before we act definitely in relation to
it. Are gentlemen aware, that in 1827-'28, reso-
lutions passed, this House authorizing this expe-
dition? Suchisthe fact,and want of funds alone
prevented it from being sent out the following
summer. At the succeeding session of 1828-'29,
a bill passed this House directing the expedition,
and wag sent to the Senate, where it was not
acted upon for want of time. At the present ses-
sion, the Senate had passed the appropriation,
almost unanimously, and it now remained for us
to do our duty in that manner which became the
Representatives of a great people. We havehad
this subject before Congress for eight years. It
has twice been adopted by the House, and once
by the Senate of the United States; and yet, with
aft these evidences of its utility and importance,
gentlemen rise in their places, and gravely pro-
nounce it to be a hairbrajned and visionary
scheme, not deserving our serious examination !
Such imputations were unmerited; and he hoped,
upon further reflection, their injustice would be
seen and acknowledged.
He thought he had shown that this expedition
was not new, and that various similar ones had
been organized both in Europe and in this coun-
try. Neither was it unconstitutional, for its chief
object was to aid in the regulation, promotion and
security of our foreign commerce. The expense
would be but trifling compared with the wealth
and power of this nation, and the magnitude and
importance of the objects to be accomplished. It
was due to the commercial community and the
navigating interest, as a measure of justice, and
would be oeneficial to all classes of our citizens.
Upon what principle, then, could we refuse it?
Should it be said that we, who were the second,
if not the first, commercial nation in the world,
must continue to navigate the ocean with the de-
fective charts furnished us by foreigners ? It was
notorious that we were now doing so. It was
humiliating to think of it. If we deducted from
the commercial marine of Great Britain, our only
rival upon the seas, the amount of tonnage which
she employed in the coasting trade, which did not
engage in her foreign commerce, we bad probably
the largest commercial marine afloat upon the
ocean. Supposing this to be so, we were now the
first commercial people upon the globe; and the
amount of capital invested in this branch of na-
tional industry was daily increasing. Should it
be said that we were so penurious, so illiberal, or
so destitute of skill and enterprise, as not to ex-
tend adequate protection to our valuable and ad-
venturous citizens, who had embarked in this
trade ? Would this reproach be just ? He did
not believe it. He was satisfied that the intelli-
gence of the country expected us to act promptly
and liberally upon this subject; and that every
consideration of wisdom, justice, and sound pol-
icy, which could operate upon an American
statesman, required us to make this appropria-
tion.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
SPEECH OF HOÑTtHOS. MORRIS,
OF OHIO,
In Senate, Jipñl 29,1836.
The bill to appropriate for a limited time the proceeds of the
gales of the Public Lands among the States, and to grant
Lands to certain States, being under consideration,
Mr. MORRIS addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. President : It is with extreme reluctance
that I rise to address the Senate on the present
occasion, though somewhat used to legislative ,
debates; yet in thia body, could I suffer my
own feelings to be my guide, I should remain
a silent listener, and be content with, that vote
which my judgment should dictate, rather than
mingle in debate on this or any other question;
but there are circumstances under which individ-
ual feeling must give way to duty; and individual
judgment must be governed by the calls of pub-
lic opinion, and when silence is no longer com-
mendable, but is in fact a fault. Under these
circumstances I find myself now placed. The
bill under consideration is of an important char-
acter; it deeply affects not only the interest of
the western country, but the United States gen-
erally. The Senators from Ohio have different
views on this subject; and as one of them has
had the opportunity, as chairman of the Land1
Committee, to express his views in a .report, on
the introduction of" this bill, it seems to requ ire of
the other a duty with which he cannot dispense,
and which he will now attempt to discharge.,
Before, however, I proceed to the. exaflainatipa
of the principle  of the bill, and the report upon
which it is founded, I feel constrained to give a
passing notice to some topics that have been in-
troduced into this discussion. Like most others
that have gone before, it has not been permitted
to pass without some severe animadversions and.
strictures upon the course pursued by the present.
Administration. And to alarm the country, and.
to hide the real deformity of this measure from the
public view, it has been attempted to be shown that
the public money in the deposit banks is unsafe,
and, if not speedily drawn from those institutions,
will be entirely lost to the country; and, as con-
nected with this question*the safety and necessity
of a United States Bank has again been urged
on the American people.
I will not attempt to examine the assertions on-
these points. They have been so often met and
refuted, that I will only say that I am entirely
satisfied that tliey have no foundation in, reality
on whkh to rest. Connected, however, with this
subject, there has been another charge made of a
more grave and serious nature, and that, too,
from a quarter which is calculated to give it force
and effect in the country, and which, iftrue,
would be just cause of fear for the safety and
perpetuity of our institutions. It has been said,
and that with a boldness that seemed to bid de-
fiance, that there was a constant propensity and
apparent determination on the part of the friends
of the-Administration to increase the power pi
the Executive, and to decrease and bring into dis-
repute the legislative power; and this is attributed
to that undue influence which, in the fancy of
gentlemen, General Jackson is said to have, not
only over members of this body, but over the
country generally.
That General Jackson is a popular President,.
I freely admit; that he is deservedly so, I prove
by the united voice of the great body of the
American people; but that he has any of that ser-
vile class of friends who surrender their own j udg-
ment in obedience to his wish, I am not disposed
to believe; and while gentlemen complain in such
strong terms of his withering popularity, as they
call it, it would be well for them to examine why
it is so, and ascertain the true principle upon
which it rests. The people of this country sus-
tain General Jaekson, not because his word is a
law to them, but because the public will is the
law that governs his action. It will be remem-
bered that during the administration of Mr.
Monroe, and under the auspices of the Bank of
the United States, there had been a constant tend-
ency in the proceedings of Congress to build up
systems and forms of government unknown to
the Constitution. The American system,claiming
within itself an undefined and undefinable power
began to develop its objects under the next Ad-
ministration; it had brought that Administration
into power against the known wishes and opin-
ions of the American people. The whole doctrine
of internal improvement, protecting tariffs, and
in fact the whole domestic industry of the coun-
try, was claimed by Congress to be within its
constitutional power; and the doctrine was openly
avowed that the Representative should not suffer
himself to be palsied by the will of his constitu-
ents. These alarming encroachments upon the
constitutional rights of the people convinced
them of the necessity of a change of measures,
which was begun durir-g the latter term of Mr.
Monroe's administration; and General Jackson
was looked to as a successor, not on account
only of the military glory he had acquired at New
Orleans, but for the firm integrity and disinter-
ested patriotism he had displayed in every situ-
ation in which .he had been placed, and his
well known and inflexible republican principles.
There was no local influence or personal fu( lirg
connected with his circumstances that would
prevent him from being, what in fact he is, the
second father of his country; and the people
brought him into power by a most triumphant
majority, for the express purpose that his Ad-
ministration might break down these newly-
created systems; and he has not disappointed
their just expectations, but has faithfully, as far
as in him lay, carried out those principles that
brought him into power. This, sir, is the whole
secret of his popularity; and though a combina-
tion of money, talent, and influence beiore un-
known in this country has cojistantly assailed
his Administration, ana aided by the power of
Congress, and in particular this branch, has en-
deavored to keep alive and preserve those sys-
tems, opposition to which brought him into power,
yet his firmness in resisting them has been con-
stantly met by increasing popularity; and the
people have been compelled to look to General
Jackson to save them from the improvident legis-
lation of Congress. I regret that this necessity
has been imposed on, the country, yet such will
be the result until the will of the constituent body
is faithfully carried into effect in the' haljs of
legislation. Let gentlemen who occupy scats iu
Congress, and who complain of the popularity
of the President as dangerous, if not ruinous, to
the country, profit by the example he has set
them; let them faithfully represent the public
will, and not attempt to build up systems to ad-
vance the interests of one portion of the commu-
nity at the expense of the other; let them carry
into operation the power of the people, and no
longer endeavor to exercise power over them, and
they will be equally popular with the President,
and render the exercise of executive power un-
called for in curtailing their acts. It is not the
condition of men that renders them honorable or
popular in this country, but a faithful discharge
of the duties which they undertake to perform.
It has been also said in the course of this debate,
as matter of alarming tendency, that it is claimed
for the President that he is the representative of
the people, and that General Jackson has put up
such claim in his own behalf as the single rep-
resentative of the whole people of the United
States. Whether these assertions be well founded
or not, I think it unnecessary to inquire. I have
never been alarmed at the cry of danger from
executive power. That power, though extensive
in its opeiations, is held under so many checks
and restraints, that I have always viewed it the
weakest and least dangerous of the three great
powers of this Government. It is in the first
place an elective power by the whole people for
a short period of years; and being intrusted to a
single person, it is watched with the most vigilant
attention, and the least departure from correct
principles is deeply noted in the public mind.
It is a power which can originate- no measure,
but is the agent and subject to the orders of the
other great powers of the Government. B nig in
the hands of one man, he is subject to impeach-
ment by the Representatives of the people; and
the Senate, with the Chief Justice at its head, axe
his judges.   It would be strange indeed, if the
