1836.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Distribution of the Public Lands—Mr. Morris.
Senate.
executive power, thus checked and circumscribed,
fir<! 1)V ill'' people, then by the other powers of
iht' Government combined, should ever become
,|mlrr, rou-s to the liberty of the country. The
fr.uners of the Constitution have thrown too many ]
cuards ar.'iind it to excite any such fear. I am
myself clearly of opinion, that if the liberties of
the people of this country are ever destroyed, it
will be the act of an American Congress; and the
first scene of the grand drama, constituted as the
Senate now is, will take place in this body.
But, sir, we are told of danger, because it is
said that the President is the representative of the
American people; and pray, sir, what ought he to
l)eJ Ousht not each and every branch of this
Government to faithfully represent the American
people in the discharge of the duties assigned
them: I hold they ought. The President ought
so to execute the laws as the people would do,
could they act collectively on the subjects; in
fact, public opinion ought to be the rule of his
conduct; and I venture still further, and say that
the judges in the construction of laws ought to
be guided by the weight of public sentiment; it
is public virtue and public opinion that sustains
and ought to direct each and every department
of the Government, as well as the collective en-
ergies of the whole. An attempt to overturn this
principle was made by the introduction of the
American system; a branch of that system, the
doctrine of internal improvements, was recognized
hy Congress, but overthrown by the veto of the
President. He has been triumphantly sustained
by public opinion. The Bank of the United
States, another branch of the same system, has
also fallen under the veto power, and a like result
has followed. But still gentlemen are not satis-
fied, or disposed to abandon this hopeless contest.
They have, by the introduction of the bill under
consideration, changed the mode of attack, but
not the nature of the war. Adhering to the doc-
trine, that by patronage they can acquire popu-
larity, having been foiled in their attempts here- |
tofore to appropriate; money to favorite objects
and persons, to be expended by the agents of this
Government, they are attempting by this bill to
bestow money upon the States, by which it is no 't
doubt hoped that the very objects which have '•
heretofore been attempted, may be gained in a l
more covert, insidious, and hidden manner. And
that popularity which was to be gained from indi-
viduals is to be transferred to States. Sir, I pre-
dict this last scheme will prove more fatal to its
friends than any of the class to which it belongs.
It is true we have heard much said in its favor, and
both talent and eloquence have been employed in
its support; but, for myself, I have heard nothing
new in principle, or forcible in argument, that is
not contained in the report of the committee on
this subject. I have turned my attention to that
report, as embodying in the ablest manner all the
argument and reason that can be brought together
in supportofthe bill—a report drawn up, no doubt,
with great care and deliberation. I shall en-
deavor to examine that report, and show that it
is both fallacious and inconclusive.                         |
The committee assufte in their report that there
is a vast surplus of revenue in the Treasury, that
this state of tilings is not desirable, because its
natural tendency is to produce extravagance in
appropriation, and wastefulness in the expendi-
ture of the public money. This is a truism in
part, not to be controverted; but if it be true that
this surplus actually exists, it is strange that the ;
committee, after having discovered this wasteful ,
disease and its cause, instead of recommending a ¡
radical cure, should propose to extract the infec-
tious matter from this Government, and diffuse it
into the State governments, and thus innoculate
the entire body politic. To prevent its effects
here, this political empiricism would be produc-
tive of the most fatal results. The reduction of
the customs, which would be a complete and
effectual cure, the committee believe cannot, or
rather ought not, to be resorted to, because it ¡
would awaken, as they say, feelings dangerous to !
the peace and harmony of the country. And the
reason assigned for this strange conclusion is,
that the tariff law now in force is the result of
compromise of the opinions of citizens in differ-
ent sections of the Union, and ought not to be
disturbed, unless a strong political necessity calls
for some new modification.    The first position !|
assumed by the committee I believe to be founded '"
in  error, and calculated  to  mislead the public
mind.
The tariff as it now exists is not the compro-
mise of the opinions of the citizens in the differ-
ent sections of the country, because it is too
evident to require proof, that the citizens of the
United States have constantly been opposed to a
protective tariff, and to the collection of taxes,
either directly or indirectly, to a greater amount
than would be necessary for the support of the
Government; and on this ground have they con-
stantly opposed the whole doctrine of internal
improvements by Congress. The present tariff
law is rather the result of a compromise between
individual members of Congress, representing
different sectional interests of the country, and
was entered into for the advancement of those in-
terests, independent of any consideration of re-
sults as operating upon the citizens generally, in
each and every section of the Union. The meas-
ure was a foul conception, and produced an un-
natural offspring. Its firstborn was an attempt
to bind the hands of any future Congress from
legislating on the subject for a given term of years;
its next has been to accumulate money in the
Treasury, which may be used to corrupt this
Government, or be used for corrupting the gov-
ernments of the States, as may best suit the in-
terest or convenience of those who have, for the
time being, the power of its disposal.
Under this unnatural state of things, it is said
that the present rate of duties must be continued,
and kept up for the proper regulation of com-
merce, and may be necessary for the ordinary
wants of Government. If this last be true, then
indeed ought not the customs to be reduced; and
if sufficient for the ordinary wants of the Gov-
ernment is to be raised by the customs, then the
public lands ought no longer to be considered
as a source of revenue; but I confess I am unable
to see either the truth or force of the former part
of the argument. Duties for the proper regula-
tion of commerce does not depend on the amount,
but on their equality in the different ports of entry
in the United States. If this be correct, (and I
deem it an undeniable position,) then the whole
argument on this point falls to the ground; for
surely the customs can be so lessened as to re-
duce entirely the whole surplus revenue in the
Treasury. The attempt to tie up the hands of a
future Congress, by the mere operation of a law,
is still a more palpable error. The legislative
power of the country is at all times equal; it has
no bounds but the Constitution, and ought to
have no other guide than the public will; where
that leads it ought always to follow. It is essen-
tial to the welfare of the country, as well as the
maintenance of equal rights, that the legislative
power should constantly be free and unencum-
bered, except as has been mentioned; but this
never would be the ease if its deliberations could
be prevented from being had on any subject by
existing laws, over which it ought not to exer-
cise any control. It would establish this dan-
gerous principle, that the power of the people is
not always competent for the maintenance of their
rights.
The proposed measure of increasing the ap-
propriations for fortifications, the Navy, and gen-
eral defense of the country, is not by the com-
mittee attempted to be directly negatived; but it
is said that large and liberal appropriations of
money for these purposes, though just and proper
in itself, cannot be well applied, and ought not to
1 be made, because it is not in our power to supply
I proper materials and skillful engineers for this
' purpose.    This is, at least, the force of the argu-
| ment; and, on account of this exigency, no more
I than ordinary appropriations ought to be made.
| I am at a loss for words to express my surprise
i at this argument; nor can I, for a moment, admit
I its correctness; I can view it in no other light
than a libel upon the American people; and an
I imputation on their skill and industry-, that peo-
I pie  whose  inventive  faculties and  mechanical
; genius have not only surpassed former ages, but
are the wonder of our own, and who have sub-
jected the very elements to the condition of a
laborer in their employ; that this people should
be told by their Representatives that they have
not sufficient knowledge toerect forts,build ships,
and other public works to any extent, and in the
best possible manner, is an assertion as new as
it is unjust.
But the committee, as if they felt the full weight
of the objections that could be rightfully urged
against this proposition, and the fallacy of their
own argument in its support, endeavor to sustain
themselves by another, and, as they suppose, a
serious objection to the appropriation of liberal
sums for the protection of the country, and that
is, that the appropriations, or the larger portion
thereof, would be expended upon the sea-coast,
or in our great commercial cities; and the com-
mittee seem to claim, as a matter of right, the
expendit¥ro of money by this Government in a
genera] distribution over the whole surface of the
United States. This, again, is a delusive argu-
ment addressed to the selfish passions of men,
and more particularly to western citizens; and it
is well calculated to ensnare public opinion, and
draw it aside from the real merits of the case.
To object to the application of the public revenue
in the erection of fortifications and building of
ships, because it does not at once scatter the
money over the whole United States, is an argu-
ment in itself a perfect solecism. As well might
an objection be urged that food is conveyed into
the stomach alone, and that the other members
of tli^ body are neglected, as complain of the
erection of defenses upon the sea-board, or in
our commercial cities.    It is the fitness of the
| place for sustaining the body politic that should
require our care, and not any partiality for its
inhabitants. The protection and safety of our
large commercial cities, as well as the sea-board,
are essentially connected with the welfare of the
interior country, and the interest and prosperity
of the far West; a blowstruck there would vibrate
through the whole Union. It is the safety of the
outposts that gives peace and security to the
country. We of the West ought to feel as deep
an interest in the safety and security from foreign
aggression of New York or Philadelphia, as any
of our own cities; and this would be the case,
could we divest ourselves of that selfishness to
which all men are more or less liable.
There is nothing, then, in this argument,when
rightfully considered, that we ought not to make
|! large, liberal, and extensive appropriations of
money for the defense of the country, because
j ¡ the greater part thereof will be expended in our
great commercial cities, or upon the sea-board.
| j Many, and I have no doubt most of our constit-
I uents, have never seen this Capitol, with all its
gaudy and expensive decorations; and a goodly
number, it is highly probable, have never seen
the hall of legislation in their own States, or even
the court-houses in theirown counties; nor have
they felt any direct influence or gain arising from
the expenditures of money in the erection of
either; yet they have contributed, and cheerfully,
too, for the erection of all those objects, because
they are necessary in the due and regular admin-
istration of justice, as well as for the safety and
security of individual rights; and they have done
this without a complaining murmur that no part
of the money was disbursed on their own farms,
i The reducing the price of the public lands, or
the ceding them to the States in which they he,
is next considered by the committees. The first
objection to a reduction of price is, that it would
tend to reduce the price of real estate generally.
This objection is not well founded; the price of
an article is a relative term, wanting both stabil-
ity and uniformity: it is the effect not of reason
or justice, but frequently of caprice or whim, and
not unfrequently of taste, convenience, or neces-
sity But as to the public lands, justice, reason,
convenience, and necessity, all seem to unite in
requiring Congress to reduce the price; and if
this argument of the committee be valid, it applies
with eSual force against the introduction or erec-
tion of any new machinery, or the establishment
of any new trading house, for those now in exist-
ence will be lessened in value thereby, a position
which I believe the committee themselves would
not contend for.                             .
The next objection to a reduction of the price
of the public lands is, that it would operate
to the injury, not the benefit, of the country in
which the lands are situated.    This argument is
