34$
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!1
[April 29,
24tii Cong....1st Sess.
Distribution of the Public Lands—Mr. Morris.
Senate.
attempted to be sustained on the same ground as
the former, but waiving its application more local,
by the assertion that it would reduce the price of
all land in the neighborhood pro rata with that of
the public land, "in reply to this argument, I beg
leave to remind the committee that the united ,
voice and almost unanimous opinion of the peo-
ple, in all the States in which the public lands are
situate, is against them, aa well as the opinion
of every intelligent and unbiased citizen who has
any correct knowledge of the new countries
They all well know that the Government, which
secures the greatest quantity of happiness and
comfort to the people, is unquestionably the best;
and that the surest means to accomplish this de-
sirable end is to enable every man to become a
freeholder, so that he can have the satisfaction of
saying that some ¡spot, however small, is his own;
that the Government of this country is bound to
protect him in its quiet enjoyment, and that, when
he shall return from his daily labor to his hearth
and his fireside, none shall be sufteredto make him
afraid; the sleep of such a man will be quiet, and
his repose sweet; and no matter how coarse his
fare may be, his love of country will never fade
nor languish. Such men as these are the true
riches of Government, and will always be found
ready to defend their country for their country's
sake. It ought to be our most ardent wish and
constant policy to provide means by which every
man in the United States might become a free-
holder, if that freehold did not consist of more
than twenty-five acres; indeed, it matters not so
much as to quantity, if a right to the soil be the
lot of every citizen.
Another objection made to a reduction of the
price of the public lands by the committee is,
that it would encourage speculation, and throw
the whole of the public domain into the hands of
sharp-sighted capitalists, who would be enabled
to retail it at advanced prices to actual settlers.
This objection is more showy than solid, for
every day's experience teaches us that specula-
tion in articles of high value is more common
than is those of low; when the Government
lands were sold at two dollars per acre, specula-
tion was as much complained of then as now. It
is the relative, not the actual value of an article,
that induces speculation. But this objection is
easily obviated by providing for the sale of the
public land to actual settlers only, and in limited
quantities.
The last, and which the comitiittee consider
the most important objection to the reduction of
price in the sale of the public lands, or ceding
them to the States ia which they are situate, is,
that the several States, by their deeds of cession
to the United States, vested only a trust power,
and, that the Government of the United States is
only the mere trustee of the several States,
bound to carry into effect the grants made by the
States for the specific purposes intended by the
-grantors; and when those purposes are fulfilled,
the residue of the grant does, and of right ought
tOj'revertto the States; and extending the trust
power further than I believe it has ever been ex-
tended'in equity, they give the trustee the power
■■to change the nattare of the trust, and convert the
land into money, and distribute that amongst the
States. And one further stretch of the imagina-
tion leads the committee to conclude that lands ac-
quired by the United States by virtue of treaties
made since the adoption of the Constitution, have
-been paid for by .money had from.the sale of
lands ceded by the States, and, according to the
rule laid down, they subject the proceeds of these
lands 1o the like disposition.
< My first objection to this fine-spun and subtle
theory is, that I have serious doubts that the sov-
ereign power of the country, at least the sovereign
Eower of this Government, as vested in Congress
y virtue of the Constitution of the United States,
can, in any case, become a mere and naked trus-
tee; though it may be said that the idea is bor-
rowed from monarchical power, yet it is no less
correct, that the sovereign power of a country,
be it vested in whom it may, is- supposed to be
constantly employed for the public good, and that
no partial care can enter into its composition.   It
¡ cannot subject itself to control by any part of
those over whom its constant duty is to watch
for the welfare of all; nor can it act in subordi-
nation to any other power; for, in either case, it
would be an abrogation of sovereignty. But it is
not absolutely necessary to sustain the argument
that I should rely exclusively on the general
doctrine that the sovereign power, where it is
primary, original, and confined in its operation
only by constitutional limits, as is the case with
the legislative power of the States, cannot be
a trustee; yet in a Government like that of the
United States, where its whole action exists and
is brought into operation by grants, the exer-
cise of its power must be limited and brought
expressly within those grants; and 1 contend,
that in no part or clause of the Constitution of the
United States is the power granted to Congress
to become a trustee in any case; no, not even
for the purpose of diffusing knowledge amongst
men. But if such power can be inferred from
the Constitution, it must be from some general
grant in that instrument; and if .so, by virtue
thereof, the United States cannot only act as
trustee for the several States, but may be the
trustee of any foreign gentleman or State what-
ever. This Government, if this position be cor-
rect, can become the trustee of the Barings or
Rothschilds in the management of any money
concern they may think proper to establish in
this country, whether it be for the diffusion of
knowledge amongst men, or of buying men for
political purposes without knowledge, or, at least,
without virtue. Under this general trust power,
as it is presented to my mind, and as admitted
and, indeed, contended for by the committee,
Congress can become the trustee of the Bank of
England; the trustee of the East India Company,
or of any foreign Government whatever; and thus
act in the double capacity of an American Legis-
lature, and as agent or trustee for another power,
however inimical that power may be to our own.
Indeed, I cannot see but Congress, by becoming
trustee, can effect any object they wish, no mat-
ter what that object is, whether within the granted
Cowers of the Constitution or not. Congress may
ave in. view a favorite object of internal improve-
ment,for the benefit of two or morefavoriteStates;
they may bestow upon, or, in the language of the
bill, distribute to these States millions of the pub-
lic revenue; and it may be well understood that
.the States are to create Congress a trustee for the
express purpose of expending this money accord-
ing to their own wish. There can be no end of
abuses of this kind if Congress can act as trustee,
and accomplish that which they cannot do by
direct acts of legislation. I contend, in the next
place, that the deeds of cession made by the States
to the United States did not create a trust, nor
were they so intended; they contain no words of
limitation but such as are applicable to the exer-
cise of power by Congress in every other case.
Take, for example, as the committee have, the
deed of cession made by Virginia.   The only
words of limitation mentioned by the committee,
and they are the only ones in the deed, are, that
the land ceded shall be considered a common fund
for the use and benefit of all the United States,
members of the Federal alliance, and shall be faith-
fully and bamafidely disposed of for that purpose,
and for no other use or purpose whatever.   These
words, which are now to operate as a talisman
and change of the money received for public
lands from the character of revenue into that
of property held by the Government in trust for
the States, are nothing more, nor can they right-
fully receive any other construction, than to place
i the avails of the public lands on the same footing
| as the proceeds of taxes, duties, or customs.   The
I money received from all oreither of these sources
j is the revenue of the country, and Congress is
i bound ingood faith to considerita common fund
r for the use and benefit of all the United States,
| as a joint confederacy t and not as a fund belonging
t to the States severally; and Congress have power
t only to apply the whole, or any part thereof, to
such objects as are exclusively within the power
of,this Government, and to no other use, intent,
or purpose whatever.
But there is an inconsistency in the views of
, the committee, which they seem to have entirely
I overlooked.   They contend that this Govern-
ment, as trustee, ought to distribute the proceeds
of the public lands to the States in severalty;
I while the very words of the trust which they
claim are, that the land shall be a common fund
for the use of the States as a joint confederacy.
This very inconsistency proves the fallacy of
their whole system.
That the United States acquired a full and ab-
solute title to the lands ceded by the States I
think is clearly evident, because Congress have
granted portions of these lands to States, as well
as individuals, without any compensation given
for the same; and titles made in pursuance of
such grants arc unquestionably valid in courts of
law, and the power of Congress in this particular,
as being rightfully exercised, has never been
questioned in public opinion.
In my own mind, I am perfectly satisfied that
the public lands of the United States may be
granted by Congress to the individual States in
which they lie, or to individual persons, with or
without compensation, as the safety or security of
the United States shall require; but when con -
verted into money, and paid into the Treasury
of the United States, they assume a different
character,; they are revenue; and that Congress
can apply the revenue of the country to internal
improvements, or make a donation of it to States
or individuals, has been constantly denied by a
great majority of the American people.
The approval by the people of the veto of the
President on the Maysville and Lexington road
hill is, to my mind, conclusive evidence on thia
point; and is in accordance with my own opinion,
which has been long settled, that Congress does
not possess the power to appropriate money for
internal improvements in any case, though some,
whose judgment I highly respect, contend that
Congress have this power, if the improvement is
of a national character. I have never been able
to make this distinction, because I am unable to
discover what gives nationality to a road or canal,
or other works of a like kind; no one yet has,
I believe, been able to settle the question satis-
factorily to himself. Whether it be length, width,
or the cost of construction, or its locality, remains
yet an unsettled point. Some contend that a road
or canal which has its route in two or more States,
or connects with two or more large cities, is na-
tional, and ought to be constructed by Congress
with the money of the United States; while
others seem to think that the bare application of
these funds to such works gives them their na-
tional character, and this very disagreement
proves the unsoundness of the doctrine. For my
own part, I have never been able to assent to any
of these theories, nor can I believe that Congress
can rightfully apply the money of the United
States, either directly by the operation of an act
of Congress, carried into effect by officers of this
Government, or indirectly, by or through the
agency of the States, to any such objects. But it
may, and has been said in support of this doc-
trine, and that, too, with great confidence, that
Congress have power to make military roads. I
am not willing to cede even this as a permanent
power to be exercised at any time, and under
any circumstance, by Congress. That Congress
has power to provide njpans for marching the
armies of the United States from one part of the
country to another is undeniable; and that they
have power to order roads, made for such pur-
pose, is equally so. But this power rests on the
same foundation * and is to be governed by the
same principles as the right to quarter soldiers
in the houses of citizens, or to take private prop-
erty for public use.' A compensation for the use
is to be made the owner in money; and so soon
as the use is determined, the property reverts to
its original proprietor, in all cases where such
property is of a permanent nature. A military
road is a mere temporary oecupancy of land over
which it passes, and when that is determined the
power of Congress over it ceases. In order to
establish the doctrine of internal improvements
by this Government, and to extend the power of
Congress to making roads and canals, I have heard
it urged with much earnestness, and relied on as
conclusive, that the Constitution declares that
Congress shall have power to establish post roads.
The power given to Congress in the Constitution
is in these words: " to -establish post offices ana
post roads." And it has been contended that to
establish is to build, to erect, to make, &c. 1 o
this I cannot agree.   That Congress has power
