1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Distribution of the PvbKc Lamls^—Mr. Morris.
Senate.
to direct upon what road die mail shall be carried,
uo one doubts; and the words, " to establish post
roads," as used in the Constitution, mean, as I
und- rstand them, to fix unalterably, and was in-
tended, no doubt, to prevent the operation of
State power from interfering with this branch of
national economy, whose ramifications would
pervade every section of the country. It was to
keep the travel of the mall secure upon one line
while passing through a State, so as to connect
with the same Une in another State, and not to
build or construct the road, that was intended by
this provision of the Constitution, The power
to establish post offices surely does not authorize
Congress to Duild houses for each post office in
the United States. Such a construction no one,
I presume, would contend for; yet.I can sec no,
difference in the two cases.'
Upon the whole, then, I conclude that roads,
canals, and works of internal improvement of a
like kind, are not such works as Congress can
rightfully "construct with the money of the nation.
But, sir, I can readily conceive works which
Congress can order; and it is from the nature and
use to which the object is to be applied, and noi
from its extension or quaatitv, that gives Con-
gress this right. A ship Qf war is a national
work; therefore, Congress oan ordership3 of war
to be built. The casting of. a cannon ball,, or the
making a .musket, are also national works, and
e\en the printing the journals of this body. Con-
gress can, therefore, have all this done; and so
of every otbej- object which is absolutely neces-
sary to carry on the operations of this Govern-
ment. The quantity, as well as the tjm,c and
maimer of performing the work, is altogether
within the discretionary power of Congress; and
to all these objects, and none othei;, can this,
power or the money of this Government be right-
fully extended,
I hav e thus far considered the report of the
committee, and have shown, I trust, that the
public lands of the United States are not reve-
nue,' and that they were not cededJto the United
States, as trustee, for the benefit of the States
severally, but for the use and benefit of the
United States, as Government property; nor
w«re the deeds of cess¡o  accepted as trustee,
¡but as an independent sovereignty, the land to
he disposed of in such manner as Congress
fihouldjthink expedient; but when sold and con-
verted'into moneyf that money becomes part of
the revenue of tlje country, and is to all intents
and purposes jnthe same condition, tp be disposed
of in thy same man^er^ and npne other, as
moneys received into the Treasury from taxes,
customs, or any other source. I am glad to he
informed that I am no't alone, in this opinion. I
find in the debates on this "question, in -X832,
which have this moment been put into'flly hands
by a friend, the same opinion expressed by an
honorable Senator of exalted intellect, command-
ing talents, and great power in debate, aud whose
speeches 1 have read not only with admiration,
but delight; and when I say this, I need hardly
inform the Senate that,£hat gentleman was from
South Carolina.
"Mr. Hayne'moved to strike out the words
' which provide for the distribution of the proceeds
' (public lands) amongst the States. He was
' opposed to the introduction of the principle of
' distributing the revenue among the States. He
f insisted that the procecds'of the public lands did
*  constitute a part of the revenue. The clause
' which he moved to strike out cut off a part of the
' public revenue, taking it from the Treasury to
' divide it among the States." And farther, in reply
to the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] Mr.
Ha yne contended, "that if the constructionof
' that Senator was correct, there was no limitation
' to the powers of the General Government, and
*  they mightbe exercised under a wild discretion,
' the extent of which could not be anticipated or
' controlled. He asserted there ought not to be
' any surplus money in the Treasury, but that
' care should be taken to regulate the taxes so as
' to have no unnecessary amount in the Treas-
' ury." It seems to mo that this argument ought
to have forever settled this question, but unfor-
tunately it has not. It remains now that we in-
quire whether the money called the surplus in the
Treasury, should it be admitted to be altogether
the proceeds of the public lands, can constitu-
tionally be drawn from the Treasury, and distri-
buted to the several States as'contcmplatcd by the
bill before us.   The report of the committee itself
seems to doubt the unlimited power of Congress
over every part of the public revenue, to be dis-
posed of as mentioned in the bill; and welt may
the committee doubt, for no money can be drawn
from the'Treasury but in consequence Of appro-
priations made by law, and all appropriations
must be, as the friends of the bill on a former
occasion rightfully contended) made for some spe-
cific and certain purpose, and such purpose clearly
within the granted power of Congress.   To this
doctrine T do not object; it is the only safe doc-
trine for this Government to pursue, and it would
be far better, and more satisfactory to the country,
should Congress adhere to it more strictly in future
than has been done in times that are past; but like
all other sound texts in the hands of commenta-
tors, it can be construed to cover the worst of pur-
poses.   It is attempted, however, to get over this
objection—the want of specific object in drawing
tins, money from the Treasury,—by endeavoring
to prove that there is a difference in the exercise
of the power of Congress over moneys in the
Tre'sstiryj arising from the sale of public lands,
and that received from other sources; 'but in this
attemptl think the committee have entirely failed.
I object, then, to the pa'ssageof this bill, because,
in the first place, it makes no appropriation at
all, for there is no purpose mentioned in the bill
to which the money is to be applied.    But should
I waive this, and consider the distribution to the
States a sufficient' designation',"1! would still con-
tend that this is no appropriation for any definite
object, ot for any purpose over which Congress
can exercise any constitutional authority what-
ever.    I wish to be clearly ahd distinctly under-
stood on this point.   The distribution of any
part of the revenue to the'States, whether the
same be called surplus, or by'any other' name,
will be an unauthorized act of Congress, because
Congress has no power to compel the' States'to
apply the money to any specific object; for'Ijjre-
sume  no one will  contend  that Cong'reás can
coerce'State legislation.    If the money,''then, is
appropriated to the States, it surely must be with-
out constitutional authority, because'it'is not
given for the defense, protection, dr'welfhre of
the United States; nor is any other object what-
ever designated to which it is to be applied, over
"which Congress can have the least control. ' I
remind gentlemen of the $3,000,000 appropriation
passed by the House at the last session, and sent
to the Senate forconcurrence, which was strongly
objected to as unconstitutional; not because the
use contemplated by the bill, to which the money
was to be applied, was not within the power of
Congress, but because theappropriation was not
•sufficiently specific.   Yet that appropriation was
to he ar/plida by the President to fortifications,
intreaáe tyf {he Navy, and general expense of the
coUntrV, should 'circumstances occur making'its
expenditure necessary before the next meeting of
"Congress."^ But so obnoxious to the Constitution
was it deemed, that if an enemy was battering;
the very walls of the Capitol, gentlemen -would
not vote it to save them.   I think we have the right
to expect their votes now, when the Constitution,
according to their doctrine and understanding
of it,' is threatened with a thousand times more
deadly assault than that which they feared in
the $3,000,000 appropriation, and that they will
step forward at once' to its rescue.    Here is
an appropriation, or at least an application, to
take from the Treasury of the  United States,
nearly thirty millions of dollars.    It is asked for
'without its being applied byCongress to any spe-
cific purpose under heaven; but placed under the
f>ower of men over whom Congress has no earth-
y control, and by whom it may be used for that
purpose which we have so  often heard men-
tioned, the dissolution of the Union itself, and
the destruction of the very Government which
bestows it.    But this is not all.    Congress, by
this act, becomes the evil genius of the country,
instead of its benefactor; because, the money
being collected of all the citizens, without ob-
ject or necessity, it seems to be admitted that
Congress cannot devise the means by which this
ill-gotten treasure shall be returned to those from
whom it was actually taken; it is, therefore, con-
cluded to return it to a part only. This money
has been collected from the poor and laboring
classes, in comparatively speaking small quanti-
ties; it is to be returned in masses to the States,
and I defy the ingenuity of man, at least man as
he now exists, to prevent it, under this process,
from passing into the hands of the more wealthy
and speculating part. And we shall surely find
that the appropriation by the States of money
(•oHected by this Government, and distributed to
them, will be to make the rich more wealthy,
and to keep the laboring classes in perpetual in-
digence, ft is a palpable truth, that the real
wealth of a country must arise from the actual
labor of the country. Trade is always fictitious,
and in this country this fact is true to a proverb;
and it is also true that the great body of our la-
borers are agriculturists, and our greatest staples
are the products of the earth. • Afl that this pro-
ductive class of men ask of Government is, to
provide for their security; for the earnings of
their daily toil, that, when the evening sun shall
go down, they may rest in quiet, and none, by
force or fraud, private or public, be permitted to
rob them of their labor or disturb their repose-,
they ask not, they want not, gifts or gratuities
from the Government, because they -well know
that the means of bestowment must be the op-
pression of their own or a foreign country.
If we are to consider the distribution contem-
plated by the bill as a mere gratuity on the part
of this Government, and that Congress has no
power to define the purposes to which the States
shall apply it—and this principle seems to be ad-
mitted by the bin" itself—I should be glad to know
what could prevent Congress from distributing to
twenty-four individuals, or any other number,
I this money, instead of a distribution amongst the
i States.   I can see no difference in the principle
' governing the two cases; and the exercise of pow-
i er, in my view of the subject, isas clearly uneon-
i stitutional in the one case as the other, though a
distribution to individuals would so shock the
moral sense of every man that, with owe united
voice, it would' be declared that Congress had
most grossly violated the Constitution, as well as
being guilty of an act of moral turpitude1.
To bestow money as an act of Government,
and leave its application to the-recipients, is one
of the first, and commonly the surest means that
despots resort to, not only to gain, but secure
'power, and strengthen their hold in every-coun-
try where despotism has eiisted: and it is des-
potism in any Government,1! care not by what
name it is called, to exercise the power of collect-
ing money of the people, more than sufficient to
defray the necessary expenses of the country,
and bestowing or dividing the surplus according
to its own pleasure, either' amongst States, cor-
porations, or individuals.
If Congress has the power to divide a part of
the revenue collected by this Government amongst
the States, the right certainly exists to require thte
States to make such application of the money as
Congress shall think proper.   Such, indeed, was
the principle of the original bill in this case, and
it-must be, that, under this claim of power, Con-
gress can direct and control State legislation; can
require the different State1 Legislatures to apply
the money in payment of Governor, Judges, and
other officers of the State government; and even
the payment of their own wages.   Congress can
still go-one step further; they can direct the pay-
ment in such sums as they may think proper, and
in addition to the salaries allowed by the States.
If the doctrine of dividing the surplus revenue be
once admitted as correct,! cannot see why Con-
gress has not the power to apply it directly to the
payment of State officers as additional salaries,
allowing to each such sum as shall be deemed just,
to be paid out of the Treasury of the United
States on the warrant of such officer.
There is another view of this subject still more
appalling. It is true that Congress, by the Con-
stitution of the United States, has no power to
make any law respecting an establishment of re-
ligion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;
but if Congress has power to create a surplus
