1836.]
¿4rH Cong.... 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Distribution of the Public Lands—Mr. Morris.
345
Senate.
(i, owner oi evi íy canal and It ading road in its
¡   turn,  ml to hold the miih as Government
n\   tht  fi st leMih would be  a host of of-
to " i it out tin substanct of tht people, and
'■ .1....... . *.. i......- r„...   .
J'
,.io
1  <
dt stun tli ir living ''the m \t to bun? into tv
i t, in i a < lass ot ñu n vv ho w oulj of coursi become
thi ti nant>, i iboii rs, mid dt pindi nts of the Gov -
trnniiut, uistiti ot bting ti e citizens of the
St iti AVhtn U<m inmt nt it, a laigi property
lmldi r. the mi vila'no toiistqumce must and will
be di-timtio is in s.itiety. The wealth of tin
lonrTv w 11 Ix found in tin list r numbtr, and
pom r will hi niort see uro in tin hands of those
who ire intiusttd with tile management of pubhc
ill ur- i ntil fit Vt.\ londition of landlord and
i unit wi'l Dt t u.iid to i xist between the officers
ot Govt rnnn nt aiid 1 ibori rs for the State. It is,
ni m\ opinion, a puft ctubsuidity to suppose that
t'ie principles of demouacv and equal rights can
loi % exist in a Statt that is he i self a largt prop-
er*) hold r It h is be en said that money is pow er,
and that" po m r is ah\ ays stt alms; fiom the many
ti tin fiw.' And if what mom y we have col-
ltetid in o the Treasury of the Umtid States bo
the leavui by which the officers of this Govern-
ment in to be corrviptid, I very much fear that
its pow ei w ill be iai more ddcierioas, and operate
fir men e\t ns vt lv, whi n divid d and s nt into
the State trtasuriis If the State governments
can be pn served pun and uncontammated, this
Inn eminent, w hn h cannot exist but by action
of the vtatt s m tin ir sovereign capacity, cannot
well beeoim corrupt, or long remain so. It will
be brousht biek by the mtlutiice of the States
to corn et print 'pics. The power of the States
in prescr.h.ng the manner of el ctmg the Pres-
de«t, and m tin r dm ct power in eb ctmg Sen-
ators in this bodv , wi'l be sufficient to do this,
although instructions from the constituent body
to tin Rt pn si ntauve here ma\ be disregarded.
But it the State governments once become cor-
rupt, tin re is no possible means, by which this
Crovcrnm nt can be kept pure-the stream being
poisont d, the fountain must become of the most
noxious character. I horx , then, that the wealth
of this Govt niment, w he tin r acquired by force
from otln r countries, or by fraud upon our own
—a fraud in taxing them more than sufficient to
answer all the demands of the United States—
will never be sent into the States. At least, I
hope the State in which I reside will not receive
it, for the very scheme is scattering broadcast,
through the laud, the seeds of that corrupting in-
fluence which must end in the subserviency of
the Statt s, and the consolidation of all power in
the hands of those who have the means and the
will to collect money without limitation, and dis-
tribute it to whom and when it ph ases, for when
this bill passt s, the last nail will have been driven
into the coffin of State sovereignty.
It seems to me there cannot exist a doubt but
the distribution of any part of the public rev-
enue amongst the States w ill be the means of
changing the relations now existing between
the General Government and them. That the
change of that i elation will be the destruction
of one gov t rnment or the other, I have no doubt.
I am myself of opinion that the State govern-
ments will be the victims; but it is possible, in
the nature of things, that the reverse may be the
case That mom y which is collected by this
Govt rnment by indirect taxation, when sent into
the States, may influence the people to view this
Govt rnment as a fit instrument for the collection
of money that may be used for the promotion
of individual interest or the advancement of
ktate power, and be used to operate on elections,
so as constantly to send to Congress men who
vú\ be under an obligation not to repeal the sys-
tem, but to extend and increase it. In such case,
t'ie necessary appropriations for the Army, Navy,
or even the civil list, may be so neglected or
i educed as to impede and weaken all the oper-
ations of this Government Large and powerful
States that will, undt r this system of distribu-
tion, receive the grratest sums, may find it to
then interest to continue the same, and push it to
the utmost extent, and by this means may, in
time, be abb to overawe the power of the Con-
federacy and set it at defiance, and thus become
the sole arbiters of the fate of this country
1 Many gentlemen, for whose judgment I have the
highest respect, enttitun this opinion and these
vn ws I confess I am alarmed at the pertinacity
with which tins bill is piessed forward, that
moie is txpected by its friends thin <it fust view
mt cts the eye, I have no doubt, and that it may
change the policy and power of the country is
the real motive that impels it. In whatever light
I have been able to look at this measure, to my
mmd it appears naught with fearful events
I have heard it often said theie is a laige amount
of money in the Treasury over and above what
is ne cessaiy to supply all the wants of the United
States, and that it is impolitic to peimit it to remain
then , because it may be used to inciense the i 1-
fluencc of tht executive powt r. I cannot adm.t
cither the fact or leasonmg to the extent ursrtd,
but my fiist answer is, that it ought not to have
bt en brought into the Ticasmy. The tauff, upon
the payment of the national di bt, should have
been nduied to the wants of tin Govt rnment,
and should be now so reduced. I hold that I dm
not bound by an agicemtnt entered into by mem-
bers of a prior Congiess ui ordt r to obtain the
passage of any law , it is not only the right but
the duty of the present, as well as any subs^qui nt
Congiess, to lepial or imcnd such law, if, in tin n
opinion, tht public good uquiics it. Tin re is
another vnw which attends the iccumulation of
a surplus íevenuc m the Tit asury which, to my
mind, is of eons.di rible importance, and which
surplus I believe will not be ndin t d, but men ased
by the passage of the prest nt bill The sale of
the publn lands fir the last y eai has bei n large
beyond all calculation millit ns of moni y have
come into the public Trcasiuy fiom that source
only These purchast s havi , in a git at dt gict ,
bet n made for speculation alom Tin futility ot
obtaining money has belli the taust of engaging
many in this business, and that iacility has, no
doubt, been increased by the deposit bulks
discounting on the public money m thcr v lulls,
and while this is the case, speculation in public
lands w ill continue, and large purchases of publu
lands made at the present Gov erm.it nt puce, and
that price the bill contemplatt s in all future pur-
chases. The money thus laid out will return
immediately back into the deposit banks, on
which new discount? will be made and new pur-
chases followed, and thus this bill will inable
speculation to make the very meat it feeds on,
until the whole public domain w ill bt found in the
hands of the nch and wealthy, to the great di la-
ment of the States and tin oppn s ion of the la-
boring classes, and mm of small capital
The system, then, which continues the present
price of the pubhc lands, although you may dis-
tribute the public revenue, will constantly furnish
a new supply, and the temporal y evil now com-
plained of will grow into a pcimanmt and in-
curable one. The public lamls arc the property ,
not the íevenue of the United States, but when
converted into money, that money is revenue
While they íemain as pioperty, Congress has
full povvor to cede, giant, oi dispose of tlum m
any manner, or for any cause or purposi that
maybe thought propel, but the moment you si II
andconvcit them into money, that money is a
part of the Treasury of the United States, and
Congress cannot, in the proper exercise of its
constitutional powers,give itaway—cannot barter
or sell it—cannot, in fact, apply it to any use or
object but those which arc clearly within the
power of Congress, by the grants of the Consti-
tution. I am fully aware that here is the real
difficulty, the disputed question—what are the
objects which aie within the power of Congress,
and upon which they can constitutionally expend
j the money of the nation' We, no doubt, each of
u& have a rule by which to test this question of
power I hav c long since formed one for myself,
and every day's cxperii nee confirms me m its
correctness It is, that Congress have no power
over any subject whatever w here the States pos-
sess power over the same subject, or, in othir
words, where the States have power over a sub-
ject, Congress possess none, except it be givi n
by the expiess words of the Constitution, and
even then it cannot be exercised to the injury or
detriment of the State power, and in all such in-
stances the power of Congress is subordinate to
that of the States The only instance in which
power is thus disposed, that I can now call to
mmd, is that of livyng and co'kttig ducct
taxes, that mode of taxation which is c^nsid led
as diíílrt nt from that of duties, imnosts, cjstonib,
and excise, and where full powtr is given to
Congress the States have none ovei the same
subject. The States cannot b vy war, regulate
commerce, coin money, or regulate its valut,
establish post offices and post roads, or provide
or maintain a navy, and foi the very plain reason
that Congiess have full powir ovei these ob]t cts
On the contiaiy, the Congn ss of the United Stati s
have no pow ii, nor cm tiny ughtfillv , within
the Statis, maki roads, or canals, oi intr inal im-
piovt ments of any < haracter, i staUish any sys-
tem of i ducation, íaisc money for any State pur-
post , or many manner oi by any means provide
for the current cxpi uses of the State, and for a
like plain reason the States have power to do all
these acts. Oiu Governmtiit is so admirably
fanned that our citiztns do not owt a divided
duty. What the Stati s have íescrvt d,and t an le-
quni of them, this Goveinmint has not tin ug' t
to do, and what this Governnn nt has the i ght to
require, the States have t ntuily divt sted tin ni-
si Ives of the pawi r of doing, and vv should be
the most happy and prospeious pi oplt on earth
if the diffci nt Governments under which we live
would each confine itst If toits appiopi ati sphere
as dtisignati d and maiked out by its fi uncís
Then would be no clashing of powers noi doubt
m the d «charge of duties we owe Oui first du'y
is to the Statt , and whtn that coasts oiu duty
to this Govt limitnt beg.ns Tin distnbution of
money, collet ted by the oidt r of this Govt íniiit nt
amonsst the Statis, is not only an arbituuy and
mi  in an tabic sttetth of povu r, but is one ot
those wild spciulativt st lit nits into which lie
vision uy and disappoint d an soon tunes apt ic
fall Ti ispiopt nsity tot xtiavagmt spcculati in,
into which our people ait at this t me lushing, as
wt 11 in pilitieel as moneyed mitt is, ought, i 
fai as possible, to be diet ked by tin iiiilutnii and
opei ition of this Gov i unm nt It is a moral can
en to which, if the cauttiy or the knife be not
spetdily appliid, will consume eveiy ¡nineiple of
patriotism and politic il honesty m the countiy.
The disease is det ply si ated, and its piognss is,
indti d, obvious to us all I have no hopt or ex-
pectation that mild and gentle means will iftict a
cure Stiong and encigctic measuies must be
adopted, and we ouglit to begin hen .it lion e
Many of tin str ams that in poun lgmont y into
the public Treasi ry , and swt ¡In gtl t iniount be-
yond the nccessaiy wants of the G iveuimt nt,
ought to be mstintly dm d up This, all will
admit, but the modi of effecting that desirable
end creates the difficulty.
It is our duty to apply such remedy as we think
will come at the evil, I will suggest one It m^y
be deemed a weak and incompetent one, but it is
one which has presented itself to my mmd, and
which my judgment approves Tht State which
1 have the honoi m part to repiesi nt ouglit, in
this important matter, to knoivmy whole opinion,
that, if in en oi, it may be cometed I would
begin with the public land, by a reduction of the
pnce to at least one dol'ai per acit , md confine
the sale to actual settleis, in limit d quantitns,
and would not make a complete tith until afli r
three yeais' continuous occupancy, and a condi-
tional forfcituie of the purchase money in default
of so doing. The public lands ought to be looked
to as a source of wealth belonging to future gi n-
erations, not on account of the money they will
bring, but for the population they will sustain.
A steady,industrious,contented,and fixed popu-
lation, are the riches of a country. A provision
of the above kind would, in my opinion, produce
that effect, a residence of three years would pro-
duce the bit ssmgs and attachmt nts of honn ,w hile
the salí of tin fioehold,even at an adv meed price,
would si ldom be an induct mi nt to pait with it,
because a laigei quantity of luid, in most i is, ^,
could not hi purchased i lsewh i , and thus i i-
tintmtnt would t nsut , w Uib tin pi id n ts of t'i
farm would en ible the yoangir bruit hesof tb
family to provide tin ms. hts a honn upon tie
I same turns The nextbt m fin ti h sul> wou'el 1 ,
I to check at once the feailul speculation in public
