846
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
tHstribution of the Public Lands—Mr. Hawes.
Ho. of Reps.
lands that is now in progress, and that ruinous
system of borrowing that is resorted to for that
purpose; and those now engaged in that business
would then turn their attention and means to some
other pursuit that would advance the growth,
prosperity, and permanent wealth of the country.
And last, though not least, it would dry up one
of those sluices through which money that is not
needed is constantly pouring into the Treasury;
and.it would preserve for our children, and our
children's children, even to remote generations,
an opportunity of acquiring a freehold on the
same terms as were afforded to theirfathers. But
if we sell this valuable estate now, as fast as pos-
sible, for the highest price that can be obtained,
and make that, and not the settlement of the coun-
try, our object, and then distribute the proceeds
amongst the several States for the purpose of hav-
ing it expended, snent, or squandered, we act the
part of an improvident spendthrift, who, having
acquired by descent a large landed estate, con-
verts it into money as fast as possible for the pur-
pose of gratifying his vanity, or acquiring power
and influence by corruption and fraud.
In the next place I would repeal the entire
duties on all articles that are used in any manner
or form in the diet of the country; and to show
its effects upon that part of the country in which
I reside, I would instance the duty on sugar alone,
which we now pay either into the Treasury or as
a bounty to the manufacturer; take the duty off
that article, and the price would be reduced at
least two cents on the pound. The bill contem-
plates giving to the State of Ohio about one and
>i half millions of dollars as her proportion of the
-poils for three years, and the profession of the
friends of the bill are, that they wish to give this
money back to those who paid it; and as they
cannot do that, they will approximate as nigh as
possible by giving it to the States. Every family
in the United States I presume uses sugar, and
for the argument I will allow one hundred pounds
per annum to each family of five persons. In
Ohio we have probably three hundred thousand
families who pay a tax on sugar of $600,000
yearly. In three years we pay $1,800,000 tax on
'sugar alone; repeal this tax, and you in effect give
to each family two dollars per annum—a sum
larger than will be distributed to them by this bill,
could its friends make its operation as they pro-
fess to wish; but if the surplus revenue be so ex-
travagantly large as has been represented, I would
go one step further, reduce the duties on articles
of wearing apparel of the coarser texture, which
are used mostly by the laboring classes, so that
the revenue of the Government will not exceed
its just wants, and you will relieve the State of
Ohio in one year from the payment of a much
larger amount than is proposed to bestow upon
her by the provisions of this bill.
But should all this be done, there seems to be
still a remaining difficulty; the money we have on
hand, the surplus in the Treasury, what shall be
done with regard to that ? How is it to be disposed
of? A few more Indian campaigns, Indian treaties,
and city debts, and private claims, will give an
effectual answer, and dispose of that difficulty ;
indeed, our present situation itself seems a suffi-
cient reply. If after our naval defenses, fortifica-
tions,and the necessary increase of the Army are
completed, as sound j'olicy and justice require,
and the wants of the country demand, and are
nil supplied, I am disposed to believe that little
danger need be apprehended from the remaining
balance; it will neither make nor unmake Presi-
dents. And if, in addition to all these, a speedy
completion of the public works now begun, and
which Congress ought, and I presume will finish,
should take place, and sufficient appropriations
be made for that purpose, the surplus revenue on
hand will no longer be cause of alarm or conten-
tion, I have, in what I have said, fully and freely
expressed my opinion, though in as concise and
condensed a manner as I was able. I have not
sought for precedents, or looked into the opinion
of others, out of which to manufacture one for
myself. In political, as well as in matters of
reíigious faith, I think the original text a far
more safe and sure guide than any commentary,
however wise and good the commentator might
have been.   I have chosen to rely on the Con-
stitution as my only sure guide, and that moral
principle which ought to govern the actions of
men in all situations, and under every circum-
stance. How far I am correct, and ought to be
sustained, those who sent me here are the best
able to decide
Mr. President, when we look back a few past
years, and find this bill first introduced into Con-
gress, although it passed both Houses, yet we
have full, and, to our minds, conclusive evidence,
that it was disapproved by the great body of the
American people. We ought not to regret its
introduction now; it is but a new trial of the in-
telligence and virtue of our constituents, who have
always been found sufficient for the evil of the
day. It is but an attempt to revive that principle
which was found active at the very commence-
ment of our Revolution—the principle of Govern-
ment power over individual liberty. This prin-
ciple was first brought into operation by the
charter of the old Bank of the United States, and
continued progressing until it produced the alien
and sedition laws. This brought about the civil
revolution of 1800, in which the patriotism, virtue,
and intelligence of the people were triumphant,
and a most signal victory was obtained. The
vanquished enemy then retired from the contest,
and remained quiet for a number of years, wait-
ing for an Opportunity favorable to his views.
The war of 1812 presented one, as he thought.
Having changed his colors, he again entered the
field under the banner of the American system,
and another United States Bank began this second
Panic war. This institution, which was forced
upon the people against their wishes and against
their better judgment, met with firm resistance at
its very commencement. During its first years it
shared but little of the public favor. Its friends,
however, were in power; and during the next Ad-
ministration after it was created it acquired much
strength and force. Under its auspices the Amer-
ican system was strengthened and invigorated,
and the whole doctrine of internal improvement
was spread in wild array before the American
people; while ft protective tariff, the necessary
consequence, was gnawing at their substance.
The party conducting these measures assumed
a new name; they were National Republicans,
But all would not do; their strides for power
were too plain to be overlooked. The country
became awakened to its situation, and Andrew
Jackson was the man the people selected to save
them from these dangerous innovations, at least
as far as the executive power could effect that
object. The election of 1824 toolt place; General
Jackson received a large plurality of the electo-
ral votes, as well as the primary votes of the
people; but not having a majority of the votes,
nis name, with two other gentlemen, according to
"the provisions of the Constitution, was returned
to the House of .Representatives for the election
of a President. The result is well known. The
voice of the. people was disregarded, and those
opposed to individual liberty, and in favor of
Government power, prevailed. Flushed with
this temporary victory, they felt sure of ultimate
success, and the most extravagant pretensions to
power were openly avowed; but the publicindig-
nation, if it was not loud, was deep. The ship
of State was not to be given up; and when the
election of 1828 «ame round, like a clap of thunder
it awoke the band of schemers from their golden
dreams. General Jackson was brought into power
by a most triumphant majority; the rank and file
of the bankand American system party wefe scat-
tered, and many of them left the colors of their
chieftains, but the principal leaders still retained
their places; and though defeated, Were not dis-
heartened; they Still held a majority in both
branches of Congress. A bank bill and internal
improvement bills were successively passed and
vetoed by the President. The election of 1832 took
place, and General Jackson was again elected, by
an increased majority. Thus, all the splendid
prospects of power and grandeur which gentle-
men thought they were just realizing were dis-
sipated by the force of public opinion, and the
popularity of General Jackson's administration
seemed to wither all their hopes. One might
have reasonably expected that this mountain
labor would have ceased when a majority of the
House of Representatives was found on the side
of the Administration. But no! General Jarkson
had caused the public money to be removed from
the Bank of the United States; this gave new
hopes to the panders of power. A panic was
created in the monetary concerns of the country,
and General Jackson was denounced by men
high in power, as a violator of the Constitution
and laws of his country. It was now believed
by the knowing ones that the scattered fragments
of all their broken forces could be again rallied
to the fight, at least under a new name, and that
of Whig was adopted—yes, the Whigs were
called on to come to the rescue of the bank,
against the power of the country. A new banner
was also unfurled—inscribed on one side, exec-
utive usurpations; on the other, lost Treasury,
ruined country; but these efforts proved also una-
vailing. The country is prosperous beyond for-
mer example. The Treasury is full to overflowing.
And now, out of the midst of all these convulsive
throes, creeps this public measure, an attempt
to buy up the people with their own money—a
distribution of the revenue of this Government
amongst the States on the eve of a presidential
election. We have a perfect confidence that this
scheme, like all its progenitors, will die for the
want of public nourishment.
Reminiscence is valuable in all the affairs of
life, and in none more so than political matters;
a knowledge of the family from which this land
bill springs is sufficient to fix its character. The
short time the public have been acquainted wit}i
it has caused the loss of many friends; and
although three Senators, who formerly voted
against it, have now voted for it, yet its majority
here is less than formerly. Of the fourteen Sen-
ators representing the new States, five have voted
for it, and nine against it. This proves it is con-
sidered ruinous to the interests of those States.
I include one Senator from Indiana who formerly
voted against this measure, but who was not
present when thisbill was ordered to be engrossed.
Eight States have now voted for the bill, contain-
ing a population of 3,610,000, (I omit fractions;)
seven States voted against the bill, population,
3,567,000; nine States are divided, population,
4,758,000; three of the Senators from these last
States, if.not on this, yet on other subjects, dis-
regarded the instructions of their State Legisla-
tures; and the people of three of these last States
have constantly maintained the doctrines of a
strict construction of the Constitution. No one,
after this, can doubt the fate of this measure be-
fore the American people-.
Should this bill by possibility pass the House
of Representatives, that the President will put
his veto'o'n it, no one, I presume, doubts. Per-
sonal honor, political consistency, as well aa
duty,, seem to require this at his hands. That
this act will add to his fame and his usefulness, if
"addition can be,made, I have every confidence;
and I predict, that his enemies now in this con-
flict will meet with what his enemies, both in war
and peace, have heretofore done—more than a
Waterloo defeat.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
SPEECH OF HOE A. G. HAWES,
OP KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
April 4, 1836.
The House having resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Shksrob Wilmams, to refer certain Reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Kentucky, in relation to the
Surplus Revenue, to the Committee of Ways and Means,
with instruction. ! to report a hill for the distribution of the
proceeds of the Public Lands among the several States, for
the purposes of education and internal improvement—
Mr. HAWES addressed the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker: When I offered the resolutions
now under consideration a few days since, I
"moved that they be printed and laid on the
tables of the members of this House, with a view-
to call them up, and have them referred to the
same committee to which the bill from the Senate
on the s^me subject might be sent, in the event
that¿t should pass that body. It has been the
usual course, in relation to matters of this kind,
