1835.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
2-ÍTI1 Co\G....lsT SESS.
Distribution of the Public Lands—Mr. Hawes.
Ho. of Reps.
to have tlum pimti d and laid on the table, until
tin -u ijeet i& brought f^rjiard for action m the
Hui^i My c"-1"1 l-ill<- l'[ls thought proper to
bullí tlum undo di^ussion at the pn.sent time,
andlivung no obj etion to that course, I shall
nroeeed to thur eonsideration, at the sume time
tint 1 shall fn.1 it ■"! lmperUtve duty to answer
xa\ collea^ui i who have pieceded me,in relation
to this and other matters.
Tla Representatives on this floor have been
requisttd, and the Si nators in the other body
instructed, by a majority of the Legislature of
Kentucky to vote for a bill distributing the pro-
ueds oí the public lands ¡unonj the States, or in
othtr words, to vote for Mr. Cut's land bill
This i  not the only time, since I have had the
honor of a seat in this House, that the Legisla-
ture conceived it to bt then duty to instruct thur
ix tutors to do an act w Inch they knew w ould be
done without such instructions, and request the
Representatives to do that which they  knew a
part of them had airead j determined to perfoim,
and another portion had determined not to do    I
remtmbu a time, long since past, when the Legis-
lature, by an almost unanimous vote, requested
her Representatives to give  their votes  to the
present illustrious Chief Magistrate of this Union.
The then members of Congress were requested
to v ote for an mdiv idual as President who had
received more of the people's votes than all the
other candidates put together, and I ask my col-
league, [Mr  All in,] who has expressed such
satisfaction at the present request, what w as the
course of Mr. Clay  and those who acted with
linn on that ever memorable  occasion>   They
proclaimed that the Legislature had no guardian-
ship over the members of the lower House of
Congress, that they appealed to the people of the
congressional districts from which  they came;
and upon their decision, and theirs alone, would
they rely for a justification of their conduct.    I
ask, if these were  not the \iews of the  then
members of Congress'   Mr. Speaker, I cannot,
1 will not, vote for Mr. ClAy's land bill, except
upon one condition, to wit. that a majority of
my constituents, those who reposed their con-
fidence in me, and for whose opinions I shall ever
entertain the highest respect, shall instruct me so
to do.   In that event—which I am conscious will
never happen, for I have a firm reliance on their
judgment, discretion, and love of country—I shall
either comply with their request, or resign my
seat here     I am the Representative of the people
of the second congressional district, and not of
the Legislature.
I have on one occasion, if not more, since I
have been a member here, been forced, from con-
siderations of public policy and duty, to act con-
trary to the request of the Legislature. There
was a time, and that not long past, when that
body thought it to be their especial duty to re-
quest the Representatives from Kentucky to pros-
trate the rights and liberties of their constituents,
and of the people of the other States of this Con-
federacy, and bow in humble submission to the
Bank of the United States and its foreign stock-
holders, consisting of earls, dukes, marquises,
barons, lords, esquires, &c, &c, by restoring
the deposits to its vaults, which had been removed
by the Secretary of the Treasury. Yes, the As-
sembly of that State, which the gentleman from
Kentucky had said (and it was true) had done
so much for the defense of the country during
the late war, had acted in this manner, and I then
disobeyed their request, and asserted the rights
and supremacy of the people over the bank and
all other such monopolies. When I see the Legis-
lature pass a solemn resolution, which I believe
for the good and welfare of the people whom I
represent, it will at all times give me great pleas-
ure to act in unison with their opinion. But
when, on the contrary, I see them, influenced by
party considerations, act contrary to the interests
of the people of the State and the Union, it giv es
me equal pleasure to declare, in my place, that I
will not comply with the resolution of the major-
ity of the Legislature. That majority knew full
well, before p issuig the resolutions, that the Sen-
ators would support the bill, for one of them had
muoduced the proposition, and the other was
known to be favotable to it.    That majority knew
that ev ery Opposition man in Congress from the
State of Kentucky would vote for the land bill as
surely as the sun would rise on to-morrow, and
that all who agreed with me in opinion would as
certainly vote against it, yet, with these facts be-
fore their eyes, they had consumed their time in
doing that which could not possibly be of any
benefit to their constituents. Sir, party consid-
erations were at the bottom of this movement,
and before I close I shall make some allusion to
them.
Mr. Speaker, I have ever held to the doctrine
that the Legislature of any State had a right to
instruct their Senators to v ote accordingly with the
opinions of such Legislature, and that they were
bound either to obey that will or resign their
places, and I conceive that he who violates this
first principle of our Government, and thus rudely
removes the very foundations of our ftee institu-
tions, is recreant to the trust reposed in him, and
ought never again to be trusted by the people,
unless alter a long and sincere repentance, and
a firm determination to practice a different course.
But it is different with a Representative. They
are the agents of the people of the several con-
gressional districts, responsible to them, and oc-
cupying towards them the same relative position
as the Senators to the Legislature. There are
perhaps not more than four of the Representatives
from Kentucky who will act w ith me in opposition
to Mr. Clay's land bill, and theie are perhaps
nine who will pursue a different course. We are
all responsible to our constituents, and I may be
permitted to add an opinion, that the four, though
fewest in number, are with the true interest of
the people of the State and Union, while the nine
(though equally conscientious) are on this occa-
sion unintentionally against that interest.
My colleague, [Mr. Hardin,] in the course of
his remarks on another subject, has used the fol-
lowing language:    " Is there any scene in this
' world so ridiculousas to see Van Buren's friends
' place him before the people as the war party
' candidate, and denounce Harrison and his friends
'as pusillanimous,cowardly,and ready to betray
' their country?"    The friends of Mr. Van Bu-
rén never did hold him up as the war party can-
didate.    They do hold him up as the choice for
the next presidency of that party who were de-
termined to vindicate the insulted honor of the
nation.   They do consider that he is one of that
party who would not permit any foreign nation,
harmlessly and at will, to violate a solemn treaty,
executed with all due formality, and faithfully
performed on our part, oneof a party who,when
a foreign potentate wished to wring an apology
from our Chief Magistrate for doing his duty to
his country, would not, at any cost, permit the
stain to rest on our escutcheon; one who could
not patiently submit to the shameful scene of a
monarch of Europe dnectmg and commanding
the President of these  United States what he
should, and what he should not, say to Congress
in his annual messages, one of a party who were
willing to meet foreign preparation for war against
their native country with a corresponding force
on our part; one of that party which would not,
for the sake of a few dollars and cents, leave our
I  frontiers exposed to foreign invasion, when, from
ff time to time, warned that a powerful armament
had been ordered to lendezvous in our neighbor-
I  hood and off our coast, with no ostensible object,
save to coerce a compliance with their demands
I  on the Executive.    If these objects make a man
a war party candidate, I hope I shall ever be
found supporting one of that character.  My col-
league, [Mr.  Allan,] who has  addressed the
House  on this subject, has said that he had
always voted  for appropriations when  recom-
mended for the naval service.    I have the Jour-
nal now open before me, and from it I find that
when the cloud of war hung darkest in our hori-
zon, when no one here could say at what hour
war would be declared against France, or by the
French Government against this country, when
the countenances of all were solemn at what they
thought the lowering and approaching onset, when
every breeze from the east bore the tidings of im-
mense preparations on the part of France, when
it was loudly and constantly proclaimed by the
French Mim&try that nothing but a direct apology
from the President would be received foi a sup-
posed insult offi red to that Government, on the
11th day of January, the chairman of tht Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs offered the following
resolution, to wit:
" Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in
struetod to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
naval force in comrniss.on "
Here, then, is a proposition from the head of a
committee of this House, pioposing merely to
inquire into the expediency of increasing the
naval force in commission; and what was the
vote of my colleague in relation to it> Why, sir,
he is found in a small minority of nineteen against
the mere inquiry, when there are one hundred
and sixty-four, composed of men of all political
castes, who are in favor of the proposition. If
the gentleman calls this a willingness to vote ap-
propriations when called for, I am unable to com-
prehend his meaning. What justification he may
find for his course under the above circumstances
I know not; but for myself I shall ever be found
ready to vote appropriations for repelling the in
vasion or even piobable invasion of our belovec
country by any foreign nation whatsoever. 1
shall not attempt to follow the gentleman through
all his remarks, but will say, that they are much
after the order of the attacks which have been
made on the Administration for the last six years,
both on this floor and by the Opposition presses
throughout the Union, which have been refuted
on many occasions, and what is more, they
stand condemned by the voluntary suffrages of
nearly two-thirds of the people of this nation.
My colleague [Mr. Hardin] again holds this
language: "Harrison, who spent his youth, his
' manhood, and the prime of his life in camps and
'battles, in fire and smoke, contending in his
' country's cause. Many a bloody field can attest
' Harrison's achievements,and emblazon his fame
' and glory abroad. Kentucky has won laurels
' with him and under him. He always did her
'brave sons justice in the field, and justice in his
1 reports to the War Department. In this ap-
' preaching election the world will bear witness
' that Kentucky, amongst her other great virtues,
' boasts the proud one of gratitude."
1 Here, Mr. Speaker, are the grounds upon which
General Harncon is to be brought before the peo-
ple of Kentucky for the next Presidency, and
these are the only reasons urged why the people
of that high-minded and patriotic State should
support him. Not that he is qualified, from his
education and habits, for that high and respons-
iblcstation; not that he is capable, or has rendered
civil services to the nation, not that his opinions
or interests are identified with those of the people
of Kentucky, but that he has been a warrior, that
he has spent his youth and his manhood, the prime
of his hfe, in camps and battles, infire and smoke,
combating in his country's cause. Now suppose
this last prop is taken from him; suppose, after
following him through his whole military career,
doing complete justice to his warrior deeds, sui-
rounding his brow with every wreath of glory
which justly belongs to him, I say, suppose, after
doing him complete justice in everything, we
should find that he did not spend his manhood
amidst fire and smoke, what claim would he then
have to the votes of our patriotic citizens' I shall
| not, on the present occasion, make an allusion to
the personal bravery of this high personage: he
may be,and no doubt is, a brave man, and conse-
quently 1 shall say nothing on that head The his-
tory of his military career is the history of the coun-
try; it is public property, and as such I shall use
it, more especially as my colleague has attempted
to convert it to his benefit. Let us, then, in the
spirit of candor and of justice, follow him through
all his campaigns, and see whether he can lay a
just claim to our suffrages on that score, unaided
by any one recommendation beside, for even his
friends claim nothing more for him. First, let
us sec him on the plains of Tippecanoe, which
was his best field, and if not made President for
that, he certainly can be for none other He com-
manded on that occasion as brave men as ever
marched to a field of battle—men who would do
honor to any army or any country. The com-
mander, howevci, according to wl at w as reported
at the time, as I have been infoimed, trusting to
