343
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Distribution of the PubUc Lands—Mr. Hatees.
Ho. of Reps.
his enemies, and those the untamed and untam-
able savages of the forest, encamped on ground
whieh was pointed out by them, and thus unne-
cessarily exposed his army to their merciless ven-
f-ance. The ground might have been (for aught
know) suitable for an encampment; it probably
was, but for the circumstance that the enemy pro-
posed it, which of itself was sufficient tp have
warned a commanding general against it. On
that occasion Kentucky Tost many of her brave
sons; and Joe Davies is still fresh in the memory
of his countrymen. Sir, Kentucky has not
yet ceased to mourn his loss. He fen family,
friends, and home for that fatal field; and when
there, his gallant impetuosity led him to the
thickest of the fight; and the lines of the immor-
tal Byron are truly applicable, when he says, in
relation to another,                                                 |
« He rushed into the field,and foreffloet,flgfltlng,fell."
Again: at Sandusky and the defense of Port
Stevenson, where was General Harrisori? He
was at the head of an effective and brave army,
and left the little devoted band of one hundred and
fifty men, commanded by the gallantCroghah and
his noble associates, surrounded by an enemy, to
defend themselves as best they might against vast
odds. But hear wITat Mr. Duncan, present Gov
ernor of Illinois, says in relation to it. He was
present; he was one of the officers of the fort on
that memorable occasion; he is a friend of General
Harrison; he is opposed to Mr. Van Buren for
the Presidency j and yet, What does "he say in re-
lation to that affair? It is unnecessary to reca-
fitulate the whole letter of Governor Duncan, and
shall only take such parts as relate more par-
ticularly to the matter now under consideration:
*' About this time General Harrison received in-
* formation that the enemy had raised the siege
* of Fort Meigs, and had started in the direction
* of Sandusky and Camp Stevenson.   Receiving
* this intelligence, he determined to retreat from
* his position, and immediately sent an express to
* Fort Stevenson, which arrived about sunrise,
* ordering Major Croghan to burn the fort, with
* the ammunition and stores, and retreat without
* delay to head-quarters, giving sonle precaution-
4 ary instructions about the route," &c.
Here it is asserted, by authority which cannot
be denied, that Croghan was ordered to retreat,
to burn his ammunition and stores; and this, too,
by his commanding general—my colleague's re-
doubtable warrior-candidate'for the presidency.
What, let me ask, was the eonduct of Croghan
and his brave associates ? Why, air, they took
the vote in true republican style, and determined
to defend the place at all hazards. They did de-
fend it; and the train-bands of British warriors,
with their savage allies; thirsting -for the T>lood
of our brave Countrymen, were driven batík with
a slaughter whiéh will ever stand as one of the
brightest pages in our history, and an cverlaife-
ing stigma on the name of him who l de them
desert their post and destroy their atores and
ammunition. Sir, according to this same letter,
4 tftw great hero, this man who had spent his youth
and his manhood in firz and smoke, and who is
' now attempted to he made President for his noble
'deeds," had piled up his ammunition, ahd,stores,
and was ready to set fire to them as soon as
Croghan should reach Seneca; and it cannot be
doubted that, if he had arrived according ta
orders, General Harrison would have retreateff
instantly, leaving the whole frontier, our fleet
at Erie, and the boats' and stores at Cleveland,
(the destruction of which was the object of the
invasion and movement down the Lake,) at the
mercy of the enemy; leaving fife hundred mués
of frontief undefended, and our whole fleet said
millions of -the public property exposed to in-
evitable destruction.
But, again, let me ask what was the conduct
of this great General, when this Kttle band of
patriots were contending against fifteen times
their number,though badly provided with ammu-
nition, and protected only bjra log fort? Gov-
ernor Duncan says, that in relation to Croghan,
during the siege, and when the firing could be
heard in camp, General Harrison said: "The
blood be, on his own head; I wash my hands of
it;" not doubting for a moment that the garri-
son would be cut off.   Mr. Speaker, it is but fair
and just, if the American blood, wliich was ex-
pected to be spilt on that day, should rest on the
head of Croghan, that he should be permitted to
have the glory of the achievement and the victory;
and if the General washed his hands of all par-
ticipation in the deeds Of that day, that not only
himself, but his friend, should likewise wash his
hands of any participation in the glory of the deed.
But what do we hear on this floor and elsewhere ?
That, for his great military achievements, the
people of Kentucky are to give him their suffrages
for the highest office in the gift of the people.
1 come now to the fatal field of Raisin; that field
which has been fattened with the best blood of
my adopted State; that field which was covered
with the best blood of Kentucky's noblest and
choicest spirits. Where was General Harrison
then? He was not far distant; and why, let me
ask my colleague, was he not in the fire and smoke
which enveloped the manly fbrms of those who
had gallantly marched in defense of the country?
Sir, I remember to have heard it said, but I do
not vouch for it, that when the newB of that fatal
day was received by express at the seat of our
State government, the theater was in session, and
there was scarcely a being in that spacious estaba
lishment but had lost some near and dear relativa
or friend. Kentucky was in mourning from one
extremity to the other, for the blood that flowed
on that memorable occasion came from the vein*
of the flower of Kentucky's chivalry.   Years and
fea  after, their bones, still bleached on that fatal
elcfof slaughter, and stood as alasting monument
of the ill-starred and unfortunate conduct Of the
.commander-in-chief. Was he in fire and smoke
on that occasion? No, he Was not; and the
Spirits of the brave—of our Allen, our Hart, our
Simmes, and the many others who bravely per-
ished unaided and unsupported by their leader—
will rise up and proclaim to the people that Gen-
eral Harrison was not amidst the fire and smoke
which enveloped their manly forms on that try-
ing and heart-sick,eiling day. Sir, what does
Governor Madison say in relation to the con-
duct of this hero On that occasion.   He says:
" Our camp police Was not, perhaps, what it
"• ought to have been. But I am not here the ac-
"* cuser or excuser of any due, though thoroughly
* convinced'that the" principal error of the cam-
* paign, and that which brought all other evils
* Upon us, was the great distance at which' the
H other parts of the army were kept. Had the dis-
' position been different, had flie main body been
'located within sustaining distance of the ad-
4 vanced corps-, or had this corps been reinforced
* by even a single battalion of fivfe hundred men,
4 ours would have been a vietdcy instead of a de-
4 feat.M Again, General Lewis says: <r Had the
4 general, force bee  five hundred greater than it
was, he would not have experienced a defeat."
Sii.wifl this testimony he denied, the testimony
of a Governor of Kentucky, who was a principal
aetOr on the occasion, and who, from the misfor-
tunes of'the day, became the commander of those
unfortunate troops ? My colleague's hero, instead
of being In fire and smoke, was not even in sustain-
ing distance; and owr- brave men perished, and
 ur glorious flag'waá trampled under foot by the
«nenvy, for the' want of being sustained, and be-
cause the commander-in-chief did not send five
■hundred men to tfteirassktanee.                          *
*    I come now t ' the battle of the Thames, and' J
<asfc my eoBeague jMr. Hardr /} who was the
aero^of that flay ? 'There, is one now in this Hall,
and á member of this House,-and Who may be
recognized afar off by the effects of the honorable
"Wounds received on that day, [Mr. Johnson;]
one who has served his country for along course
of years, both in civil and military occupations;
"who wait indeed amidst fire and smoke, and Wood
"and deatfy arid destruction, and whose animating
voice was heard above the din, the turmoil, the
"struggle, and the roar of the battle, encouraging
the brave' spirits who surrounded him to glory
and to victory; one who completed the defeat of
the enemy bV slayingwif,h his own hand their
chief, the celebrated Tecumseh, for it was then,
and not till then, that they raised the shout and
"yell of dismay, which was answered by the vic-
torious war-cry of Kentucky; and yet my col-
league leaves him, who is also before the people
for their suffrages, and takes up another who was
not in the midst of the battle and of danger, and
recommends him for+is military deeds alone.
Sir, I do not wish to do injustice to General Har-
rison. If I know my own heart, I would not
tear one laurel from his brow; I would rather add
to their number than rudely tear them asunder.
What I have said is matter of history, and
therefore public property; and I should not, on
this occasion, have made an allusion to the late
war had not my colleague, on a former occasion,
brought it under consideration, and urged it to
Kentuckians ás a reason for discarding the Re-
publican candidates for the presidency and vice
presidency, and supporting General Harrison.
Again, my colleague says that General Har-
rison always did Kentucky justice in his reports
to the Department of War. It is true he fre-
quently spoke well of the Kentuckians, and some-
times made insinuations against them and the
whole western country, andparticularly charged
the militia of Ohio as not to be depended on.
But I will not, in relation to this matter, trust to
memory, but use his own words, which may be
found in his report to the War Department, writ-
ten from Chillicothe, and dated March 17,1813,
page 141. He says,'' amongst the reasons which
4 make it necessary to employ a large force, I
'am so ry to mention the dismay and disinclin-
ation to the service which appear to prevail in
•the western country." This, Mr. Speaker, I
"contend is doing a crying injustice to the people
of Kentucky, as well as the balance of the West.
At what time, let me ask, did dismay and disin-
clination to the service pervade the West ? Search
the annals of your country, and when did men
ever march more willingly at every summons ?
They poured forth their blood like water: they
left their firesides and their homes, their wives
and children, everything which was near and
dear to them; and while they are doing all this,
suffering hardships and privations almost past
the endurance of man, the commanding General
-writes from his Hi?ad-<*uarters at Chillicothe, that
dismay and disinclination to the servictprevail in the
western country; and yet this same West is called
"on to support him for the Presidency. If ever;
no, never.
Again, ia the same letter, after speaking of the
militia who were with him the preceding winter
as brave men, and mueh to be depended oh, he
resunrest "The new drafts from this State
ARE ENTIRELY OF ANOTHER CHARACTER, AND ARE
kot to be detkndeo opon."   People of Ohio,
do you -see this^ and from whom does it come?
.From a stranger? ,No. From one unacquainted
With you' as-a'peopla? No. From a citizen of
"another* State? No. But from your own leader
"during-the Miar—from a citizen of your own Ter-
ritory. Had you a right to expect this? You
"had «Ot; for you had marched at his summons
to the Standard of your country. 1 ask you, are
■or are not the people of Ohio to be depended
upon in the day of trial and of danger? General
'Harrison says not, but I say they are, and the
world will, with one accord, agree with me in
-pronouncing it a slander on your character as a
people. And yet you are called on to-support
this me¿H tor President; and yield up your Repub-
lican opinion  for hid sake. Will you subscribe
to this ? If yott do, the world Will proclaim in a
voice-of thunder, and in-the language of'Harri-
son; that you are not to be dependtdwpon.
Afid now, sir, in relation to Kentucky1 he says:
" I have no doubt, however, but a sufficient num-
•"ber'of good men ean be procured; and should
•they be permitted to serve on horseback, Ken-
"Mucky would furnish some regiments," &c.
Here, Mr. Speaker, after saying that the new
drafts Of Ohio are not to be depended apoh; that
"if allowed to serve on horseback, Kentucky would
furnish, &c., I ask you if this is not likewise a
slander on the State m which I reside ? "Tie true
he did justice to those who fought at Raisin; he
could not avoid it, for such men are difficult to
obtain in any country; but when he Says, that
if allowed to fight on horseback, is it not tanta-
mount to an assertion that on foot they would
not make good soldiers ? I assert it, and many a
glorious field wilt bear witness,that Kentuckians,
whether o  foot or on horseback, are not inferior
