1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. McKeon.
Ho. of Reps.
ral to expect such chargt s; but I liad no expect-
ation that the blow would be struck by those who
have scarcely loft the high places to which they
,vm elevated by the ir professions of attachment
to that very Administration, now so much the ob-
ject of thlir obloquy. Almost all the acts in
w hich there is now to be seen so much deformity,
have long been before the country, and not one
charge has been made by some of those who now
are terrified with its past conduct, until the pres-
ent session. The connection with new political
allies has evidently given a change to their opin-
ions. With Mr. Burke, I am induced to believe,
that these gentlemen, "gradually, are habituated
'to other company, and a change in their habi-
' tudes soon makes a way for a change in their
'opinions. Certain persons are no longer so very
' frightful when they come to be known and to
' be serviceable. Asto their old friends, the trans-
'ltion is easy from friendship to civility, from
'civility to enmity; few are the steps from dere-
' liction to persecution.'' Throughout this whole
session we have had those who professed to be
the friends of the head of the Administration,
acting with its enemies—voting with them; and
it is in vain, sir, that they can expect that on
their return to the people they will not be consid-
ered by that people as wearing the same badge—
rallying under the same standard—and seeking
the triumph of the principles opposed to those on
which this Administration has been founded and
sustained.
Amongst other charges, we have been accused
of having uniformly defeated such measures as
would be calculated to keep the election of pres-
ident and vice-president out of this House.   No
man who wishes to preserve the purity of our
Government, and to save from the polluting touch
of suspicion the character of the members of this
body; no man who wishes to keep amongst the
body of the people the most sacred duty which
devolves upon them,  of selecting^  the  highest
officers of the country, but must desire to keep
the election out of this House.    It is not my in-
tention to defend the President on this point.
He needs no defense.    His messages, year after
year, speak for themselves on  this point.    I do
not intend to examine the course of the Admin-
istration party during past years here.  Until the
present session, I have not had the honor of a
seat upon this floor, but I have not been inatten-
tive to the  proceedings  of Congress.    In the
demand which has been made upon the attention
of both Houses by discussions arising out of
questions of great importance, might be found
sufficient excuse for not having acted upon this
subject.   We have had the bank question, the
tariff question, and a variety of subjects of vital
interest, which have engrossed the time of this
House.    I leave the past, I seize upon the pre-
sent, and ask who is taking advantage of this
defect in the Constitution, which some are so
anxious to remedy ?    I care not for professions—
I look at facts.    It is openly avowed by some
of the Opposition presses of the country, that
the election must be brought into the  House.
Frankly is the opinion avowed in leading polit-
ical journals, that in this way alone can success
be hoped for.    And when we look to the course
of the friends of the Administration, what do
we behold?   But one candidate, with one set of
principles, relying for support on the whole Dem-
ocratic party of the vast Confederacy.    What
do we behold on the other side ? The most stren-
uous efforts to defeat the candidate of the Dem-
ocratic party by appeals to sectional feeling. We
have one candidate in the East; we have another
in the West; and a third in the South and south-
West. And for what end ?   It is admitted that not
one of the candidates can obtain sufficient votes
of the electoral  colleges to  elect him.    Is the
object to divide the forces and bring the contest
here, where a selection, which ought to be made
by those who sent us here, may be made by us?
Is it so arranged that we are to be converted from
agents into principles ?   For one, I seriously hope
that this result will not take place.    I believe
that when the fact is presented to this people,
that there are three candidates in the field, with-
out any avowed principles, and with the declared
object that the election is to be brought to the j
House of Representatives, the matter will be
taken into their own hands. It can never bo
sanctioned by a people which has sustained the
present Administration: that support should be
given to candidates who avow no principles, and
agree upon no point except their hostility to the
individual who has openly declared his determ-
ination to pursue the policy of the present Ad-
ministration.
With a view of defeating this candidate, a
feeling has been attempted to be raised against
conventions. The objection to conventions ought
now to be raised either by our open opponents
or our late friends. Both have sanctioned this
mode of presenting candidates to their respective
parties. In 1832 the convention at Baltimore
nominated the present Chief Magistrate for re-
election, and placed the present Vice President
before the country as a candidate for the office of
presiding officer of that body which had at-
tempted, but vainly, to brand him with the sear-
mark of their condemnation. Throughout the,
whole country, so far as the Democratic press
was concerned, but one sentiment prevailed, and,
by a concentration of public sentiment on these
two candidates, a complete overthrow of those
opposed to the Administration was the conse-
quence. The election terminated in the triumph-
ant reeelection of the Executive, and in placing
the persecuted to preside over his persecutors.
We have been told that in one State this system
was looked upon with anything but favor. I
allude to Tennessee. Yet, sir, that patriotic
State sustained the nomination at Baltimore, thus
giving the highest proof of her adoption of the
system. It is not my purpose to speak of the
change of sentiment which, we are told, has
taken place there. It is not my intention to
charge her with inconsistency. If a change of
circumstances requires a different course to be
pursued now, from that adopted then, it is not
for one from another section of the Union to hold
up her proceedings to the gaze of this nation.
For myself, I am satisfied that the recommenda-
tion of several hundred members of the Demo-
cratic family will be looked upon with as great
favor as the correspondence of members of this
House, whereby the name of a distinguished in-
dividual may be placed before the country in
connection with the first office in the gift of the
people. Our Presidential question is daily be-
coming more exciting; the candidates for the dis-
tinction becoming more numerous; and unless
some mode be adopted to concentrate the senti-
ment of those who profess certain principles, and
recommend certain persons as best calculated to
carry out their principles,, there is a probability
that the reins of government will be placed in
the hands of those who profess principles op-
posed to a large majority of the people.
One of the accusations expressed in the indict-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, was the
system of excitements pursued by the Adminis-
tration party. He passed over the gold humbug,
as he termed it, and the expunging process. By
the first, he must be understood as referring to
the effort made to restore the constitutional cur-
rency into the country, an effort which was in-
tended for the producing classes of the nation,
and, with a view of giving to them a currency
which could not be affected by every variation in
the money market; giving to the farmer that
which should be true return for his produce, and
to the laboring man the real value of his labor.
By the second, he refers to the means employed
to remove from the journals of the Senate an act
which condemned unheard, and without proof,
him who had defended your homes from foreign
invasion, and rescued your country from the des-
potism of wealth. Both, sir, may be resisted,
but only for a timo. The intelligence of the peo-
ple, united with their desire to do justice to the
injured, must ultimately give a triumph to both
these measures.
The French question is that upon which he
rests. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Gar-
land] has ably reviewed the whole course of this
controversy, and it would be useless to attempt a
reiteration of his statements.    That controversy
has passed away from us—the last, the brightest
act of the foreign policy of the Administration.
The course adopted by the Execiuive, bungling
and improper as it has been termed upon this
floor, has yet obtained for your citizens indemni-
fication, and for our country a reputation. The
gentleman from Tennebsee knew as well as the
Executive every important act in relation to the
negotiation. From time to time'they were com-
municated to the nation. What object could
the Administration obtain by excitement? The
attempt improperly to arouse the fears of the
country would be seen recoiling in unmeasured
violence upon those by whom it might be made.
The gentleman from Tennessee says the Presi-
dent ought, if he really believed war was ap-
proaching, (as his friends did proclaim it was
approaching,) to have convened Congress during
the last summer. The moment he had issued
such a proclamation would have been the signal
for a shout from every part of this Union, that
with his rashness he was about to precipitate the
country into difficulty. No, sir, with the patience
of Fabius he sought to restore their properly to
his own countrymen. Throughout the whole ne-
gotiation a spirit was displayed of which every
American should be proud. Yet,sir, I have been
astonished to hear it insisted upon,notonly here,
but without these walls, that this Government had
made an apology in the course of the difficulty.
One gentleman referred to Mr. Rives's explanation
to the French Minister Polignac. If referenc e be
made to the history of our foreign relations, it
will bo found, that although France has several
times required explanations, never has she ob-
tained them from the United States. The course
adopted by the commissioners with Talleyrand in
1778, by Mr. Rives with Prince Polignac, and by
Mr. Livingston with De Rigny and De Broglie,
has been of a uniform character.
The principle has been boldly avowed in all
the communications of our public agents, and I
trust will ever be sustained, that executive com-
munications are not to be explained to any for-
eign Government on earth. With the French
question we have been elevated in the eyes of the
civilized world. We have presented the spectacle
of a young and chivalrous nation, conscious of
the justice of her demands, requiring of a nation
armed at every point payment of a just debt.
The consequence has been, that in the presence
of the assembled nations of the earth, our coun-
try stands respected for her resolution. The
very attitude has given nerve to the cause of pop-
ular governments; and while Europe starts at the
boldness of our conduct, and applauds our course,
is it to be believed that there are those at home
who attempt to rob him to whom the country is as
greatly indebted of the luster of the deed winch he
has accomplished? Unprepared, without ships,
without fortifications, we might have been; but,
sir, with less means, we have already had acontest
with one powerful nation; and with our immense
resources of power, and what is more, of patriot-
ism, I never had any doubts that my countrymen
were willing to rally around the Executive, in
the maintenance of the honor of .the country.
They never would consent that the character of
the nation should be tarnished by one particle of
explanation. The flag of our country now floate
untarnished, and when one stain is upon its folds
let the country not exist covered with disgrace.
Let our sun go down suddenly, if it will; but let
it go down in brightness.
If we are to believe the representations winch
are made here, sir, the Administration has been
signalized by a scries of violated promises, and
by having led the country gradually from almost
elevated position into the lowest depths of deg-
radation. It is charged with the corruption of
the great mass of the people; with havinsr, upon
this "floor, a party represented as a pretor.aa co-
hort, marched and wheeled at the command of
the Executive; the press manacled and enslaved.
In one word, a scene is presented from which
every American should revolt with disgust. And
who are the accusers? By whom are these chargi a
made? By those who but a short time since were
seen in the ranks of the Administration, who par-
i ticipated in its labors.  From these, lujrh ace usa-
