APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 28,
21th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. McKcon.
Ho. of Reps.
to foster the whale fisheries and cod fisheries has '
1 <n alopud Piemiums have been euen to
  i i^e engisred in those tranches The object is
tig-ni iKi the means ot supplying her military
mil n uit'i men ¡>'ie has ii rconscnption lists
onvv'ncht I tn^iged in st a li v. pit enrolled By
an oulimnie ol I mus XVI, in 17 4, all voun^
i>en « lovvere ci'htetti ye is of age, and hid
s mil >ne \t \i a-- st mien, vveie eniolltd The
l iu ib i'H ii existence All engaged in the
toaMing 11 kK aie tmoiled, Fioin thesesouicts
t'ie \lgei ne expedition was luted out She has
hei nai tl si liools, her institutions for instiuction
in naval architecture, hei schools of piactice in
naval gunnery. In one word, a policy is devel-
oped which shows the ambition of Fiance is to
compete with England in naval mastery In
lJ>31, Fiance asked of the Chambers to be ex-
pended 65,")00,000f for her naval establishments
What do we see in England' At the present
session, the King, in his address, has called upon
the Commons for increased supplies to sustain
the imVi so as to give piotection to the increas-
ing commeice of the country By the late arri-
vals we learn, by a statement which I find in one
of our public journals, that " the navy estimates
' were brought forward, v, hich led to some dis-
' cussion relative to the proposed increase of the
' maune force, as alluded to in the King's speech
'The total excess of the estimates over those of
' the last year is <£246,000, which has arisen ft om
' the necessity of augmenting the number of sea-
' men and marines to the ordinary or yard ciaft
'The increase in the vote of the present session
'is ¿£254,000, and the number of new hands five
' thousand men and one thousand boys; making
' the whole of the sea service to consist of thirty-
' three thousand seven hundred men, nine thou-
' sand marines, and two thousand boys. England
4 has only ten line-of-battle ships afloat, whilst
' Russia has eighteen in the Baltic, and had
' twenty three moie at the review at Cronstadt,
' independent of frigates, small craft, and armed
' steamers "
These statements will show what anxiety is
manifested in relation to this subject on the other
side of the Atlantic, and should prompt us to
look to the state of our Navy. We ought to
turn our attention to the protection of our com-
merce. It has already been the easy prey of sev-
eral nations fiom whom for years we were com-
pelled to apply for indemnification, and are we
willing to allow these depredations to be repeated'
Look alone at the whale fisheries in the South
Seas, those nurseries upon which we must de-
pend for our men in the hour of trial. Last year
it was estimated that two hundred and fifty-three
vessels were in those seas, that nine thousand
navigators were afloat in that region Ought not
ample force to protect and give relief to these in-
trepid men to be afforded '
The Commissioners of the Navy propose the
employment of forty-two vessels, to be engaged
in squadions, as follows:
" One might be employed in the .Mediterranean,
* and attend to our interests on the west coasts
' of Spain and Portugal, and southward to the
* western coast of Morocco and Madeira.
" One in the Indian ocean, to visit successively
' the most important commercial points east ot
' the Cape of Good Hope to China; then to cross
* the Pacific, visit the northern whaling stations
'and islands; cruise some time upon the west
' coast of America, and retuin by way of Cape
  Horn, the coast of Brazil, and the windward
' West India «lands.
" One in the Pacific ocean, to attend to our m-
' terests upon the west coast of America, keeping
' one or more vessels at or near the Sandwich
' and other islands which are frequented by our
* whale ships and other vessels, and in succession
' cross the Pacific, visiting the islands and south-
' em whaling stations, China, and other com-
* mercial places, and return by the way of the
' Cape of Good Hope to the United States.
" A squadron upon the coas^>f Biazil, or east
' coast of* South America, might be charged with
' attention to our interests on the whole of that
' coast, and upon the north coast, so far as to
* include the Oronoco. If a ship of the line should
' be employed on this station, it might be occa-
* sionaliy sent round to the Pacific.
" A squadron in the West Ind.es and Gulf of
' Mexico vv ill be necessary foi, and may be chaiged
' with, attention to the protection of our com-
' meiccamongot the West India islands,and along
' the coast of South America, fiom the Oionoco
' roun 1 to the G ulf of \It xico.
"A small cuasi squadion upon our Atlantic
' coast might be very advantageously employed,
' in m iking our ofliceis famihaily and thoroughly
' acquainted with all our poits and haibois, which
1 would be veiy useful in a state of war The
' vessels would also be leady for any unexpected
' service, either to transmit information or orders,
' to reinforce other squadrons, or to visit our
' eastern fisheries. Besides this cruising force, it
' is recommended that a ship-of-the-hne be kept
' in a state of readiness for service, men excepted,
' at Boston, New York, and Norfolk, and used
' as receiving-ships for the recruits as they are
' collected. This would give the means of fur-
' m hing a considerable increase of force, with a
' very small addition to the current expense."
Whatever vessels we have ought to be put
afloat, and I trust that we shall afford to the De-
partment the means of placing them in a situation
which will permit them to be useful. It is time
that additional rank be given to your ofliceis It
is due to their valor, it is due to those who have
gained laurels for themselves and the country
Employ your officers in protecting your foreign
commerce, in your surveys of your coast, and in
the naval depots at home, and you will give them
suthcient employment. In one branch they might
be of incalculable advantage; useful they might
be in cruising off, and relieving your merchant-
men approaching our dangerous coast, as it is in
man/ parts,and particularly at inclement seasons
of the year. These very vessels might afford
good schools of practice for your officers. Estab-
lish your observatory, and your national foundery
for casting your cannon. Carry out these plans,
and you will have a system calculated to give
efficiency to promote the welfare of a branch of
sei vice eminently calculated to be useful to the
country.
We do not want a navy like that of any of the
great Eui opean Powers, but we want a marine
force sufficient for the purpose of carrying out
the original object of the system. We want a
force sufficient to give protection to our immense
commerce, extending itself into every sea; we
want a force to give i espect to our country abroad,
and to form the basis of a power which in the
hour of difficulty will be sufficient to assert the
honor and maintain the character of the country.
The prosecution of such a system of defense
will require a large expenditure of public money.
When I hear of propositions for the distribution
of the surplus revenue, I cannot but believe that
gentlemen are not aware of the immense demands
which are naturally to be made upon ourTreasury
for purposes of a national character, and which
will be admitted by a large majority to be neces-
sary. On examination of the estimates of the
engineer bureau, I find that upwards of thirty
millions are deemed necessary for fortifications;
by the ordnance department thirty millions more
are estimated; for the Navy forty millions have
been calculated. That these sums have been
sanctioned by the Executive I do not pretend to
aver. They have not been so sanctioned. This
sum of upwards of one hundred millions will
give gentlemen who are so anxious to divide—
because, as they insist, we have no use for our
money—some idea of the amount, deemed by
those who are conversant with these matters,
which may be required for our defense. In ad-
dition to these estimates we have upon our tables
some seventy bills (out of several hundred) con-
taining appropriations for twenty-seven million
dollars. Prov ísion is also to be made for upwards
of seven millions for Indian treaties. When a
survey of these probable requisitions is made,
and a thought is given to the probable millions
in various shapes—for your war in Florida, for
private claims, return of duties, and various other
items which will be asked fiom the Government,
I am disposed to believe that there will not be
this great anxiety to divide the money we now
have on hand. It would not be the act of pru-
dent men. It could not be approved as an act of
wise statesmen.   I am aware that objections are
raised against this system of defense which the
Administration proposes to execute It is deemed
by same a useless expenditure When you refer
to the temblé results which awaited the country
fiom its exposed and defenseless condition at the
last war, the reply is given that our situation is
matenally altered as to resouices, and that we do
not stand in need of them Endorsed as the
s).s'em is by the President and the Secretaiy of
War, and by the icports of those well veised in
these subjects, and whose opinions are of value,
I might refer to that fact for an answer Yet'
sir, although we have no fears that an invading'
enemy could make a lodgment permanently in
our country, although we are satisfied that since
the last war the resources upon which a country
must rely in a belligerent state have been íapidly
increasing, that the tide of population has been
swelling and pouring in upon points at that time
undisturbed by the hum of civilization; that by
means of our canals and railroads we have in-
creased our means of transporting troops and
concentrating forces at any point within a short
time, still it becomes us not to refuse to prose-
cute a system of fortifications which, in the pres-
ent state of the science of war, is required to pro-
tect the lives of your citizens when called into
service, and to defend your homes from destruc-
tion.
We are next informed that the employment of
the numberless workmen could be but for a por-
tion of time, and, on the cessation of their period
of employment we might, particularly in the
North, be subjected to terrific trials in conse-
quence of these persons being thrown out of
business. Tumult and disorder must be our por-
tion.    Such fears are entirely baseless
The excited imagination of a few weak minds,
and the prejudices of others, have given rise to
the outcry of a rising of the working classes,
rushing with demoniac fury upon the settled in-
stitutions of the country; overturning every well
settled order, and on the ruins of society rearing
the standard of destruction and anarchy. They
hold forth to us the terrors of agrarian law.
From whom are these attacks to be made ' By
whom are these immense engines, which are to
overturn society from its deepest foundation, to
be worked' By our laboring classes. Let me
inform those by whom these remarks are made,
that they of whom they speak have too deep an
interest in the prosperity of the country to seek
to injure its character. Amongst them is always
to be found that patriotism which sees the pros-
perity of the whole country intimately connected
with índividaal prosperity. Amongst them is
found that ever-abiding love of liberty; that de-
votion to the institutions of the country; that
spirit which beholds in obedience to the laws the
first duty of a freeman, in a word, all those quali-
ties which unite the members of society, and give
to it its strength, and promotes its harmonious
actions. Tell me not of the annihilation of Gov-
ernments by the influence of such men. Tell me
not of Rome, destroyed by the recipients of the
famous agrarian law. Look back along the line
of time, at every step of which monuments of
empires fallen are befoie you, and where truth
throws the light of her eternal lamp amidst the
tombs of desolated Worlds, and inquire whether
it was by the hands of the humble these mighty
fabrics were destroyed. Shall I here summon
the patrician Catiline, anxious for revolution,
and jealous of the advancement of the son of the
humble citizen of Arpinum to the Consulate >
Let Rome, even at the days of the Gracchit, come
forth and answer. When did her liberty depart 
Was it not lost when the patrician had trampled
the plebeian power under foot—when the great
mass was deprived of its influence' Yes, sir,
then was crushed the giant power of the city.
To us, however, those periods hold forth no ex-
ample. We live in different times. We live in
a country where the interest of every man is
linked with the institutions under which he lives;
and the feais which are generated on this point
must arise in only the minds of those who are
ignorant of the state of our society, and the solid
and  substantial elements of which it is com-
P°It is insisted that these expenditures, if made,
should be made out of the revenues arising out
