356
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 14,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Pea Patch Island—Mr. Dickerson.
Ho. of Reps.
ence, without the insignia of imperial pomp, |
without the paraphernalia of power, is pervading ,
the earth. Before its triumphant march the ves-
tiges of ancient rule are effaced. Systems around
which antiquity had thrown its robe of sanctity,
and defended, as they have been, by an array
of power, all yield to "us assault. To this coun-
try it points for the most brilliant evidences of its
triumphs. It points to the happiness of millions—
the dignity and peace of the ¡and. Docs it be-
come us to expose ourselves at such an hour,
when to destroy the example which is here, must
be the anxious wish of those who are opposed
to the principles on which our Government is
founded ? Ought we not to place ourselves in a
situation which will convince the world that
•whatever contests may arise, we are prepared, at
all times, for any state of circumstances; that we
are ready to defend our rights and to maintain
our dignity? This can alone be done by placing
the nation in a proper state of defense. For one,
I am desirous that whenever it may become
necessary for my country to descend into the
arena of nations, it shall not be the unarmed and
naked gladiator, but it shall be " cuirased and
helmed," armed at every point, and prepared for
any struggle.
The question of national defense is one which
interests every section. The appropriations which
we may make cannot be considered as local, for
the shield which the Government ought to pre-
sent, must protect all. The supply of arms and
men for our inland frontier is considered by the
Atlantic States as important to them as to our
brethren on the borders. The Navy which pro-
tects your commerce, covers with its power not
only the property of the inhabitants of the sea-
board, but of your farmers of the interior. The
children of the bold and enterprising West well
know that the barriers erected on your coast,
gives security to industry. They give them pro-
tection from inroad and desolation; and hold out
to them a prospect that while the storm may be
raging at a distant point, a calm of peace will be
beaming upon them.
On a proposition of this character, I start with
horror at the argument deduced from geograph-
ical situation. I cannot consent to view appro-
priations for defense, as local. It is not a ques-
tion in which one section is to be arrayed against
the other; that feelings are to be infused into our
deliberations, calculated to sever the bonds of
attachment. What necessity can there be to ap-
peal to sectional interests ? Why shall we draw
distinctions between the North and the South,
the East and the West? To promote the secu-
rity of our institutions, to preserve the integrity
of the Union, should be the highest ambition of
every American statesman. And these results
can alone be accomplished by an exercise of that
reverence for that Union, which gives tranquillity
and prosperity to us at home and national char-
acter abroad; by a display of that patriotism
which casts its view beyond the limits of a State
or section, over the whole Confederacy. By the
annihilation of those jealousies nurtured in sec-
tional feeling, which, if permitted to flourish,
must blast the affections of one part of the nation
for the other, we can alone preserve unimpaired
the blood-bought triumphs of the Revolution,
and discharge the debt which we owe to the
cause of popular freedom.
The question of defense belongs to the whole
of the Confederacy. Upon this we should be as
one people. What higher duty can we be called
upon to perform, than to prepare defenses for a
country unpolluted by conquest? What more
responsible trust could be assigned to us than to
secure the treasures of the industry of our citizens,
and to give to the nation the means of sustaining
her in a career around which a dazzling efful-
gence is beaming? In such an hour we ought
not to descend into the discussion of mere sordid
considerations. In our hands is the great exper-
iment of free principles, and we are responsible
for the result. The eyes of the civilized world
are upon us. The conqueror at the pyramids
animated his legions with the appeal that, from
the summit of those stupendous monuments, ages
witnessed the struggle. Ought we not to consider
that at the base of the mighty pyramid reared by
your forefathers upon an arid waste of surround-
ing despotism, that monument intended by them
to be coeval with time itself, we now stand con-
tending for principles containing the happiness
of unborn millions? Let us remember that we
are engaged in a contest demanding the exercise
of every energy, if we desire to preserve those
principles unblemished, and in their original in-
tegrity; if we seek to secure our Republic with
its grandeur unbroken, and its power undimin-
ished, from the desolation continually sweeping
over the empires of the world.
PEA PATCH ISLAND.
REMARKS OF HON. P. DICKERSON,
OF NEW JERSEY,
In the House of Representatives,
May 14, 1836,
On the bill to authorize a compromise, and to secure to the
United States the title to the Pea Patch Island, on the
river Delaware.
Mr. DICKERSON said:
Mr. Speaker: I must ask the indulgence of
the House for a short time to express my views
upon the subject now under discussion. Some
time ago the honoiablc gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Hardin] made a calculation, by the
result of which it appeared that each gentleman,
according to a fair distribution, was entitled to
occupy but two hours and a half of the time of
this House during the session. I have not yet
occupied that time, nor do I intend to overrun it
during the session; but if by chance I should ex-
ceed it, I should feel bound to apologize to my
constituents (if not to this House) for the abuse.
I would, however, remark that if we are to be
charged only with the time occupied in debating
the real merits of the subject-matters under dis-
cussion, it might be somewhat difficult to point
out the gentleman on this floor who has as yet
overdrawn his account.
I did not intend, Mr. Speaker, to enter into
the discussion of this matter; but I began to fear
that if New Jersey remained silent upon the occa-
sion, our neighbor Delaware, under the opinion
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Hardin,]
might really consider herself entitled to her circle
of twelve miles radius around New Castle; and,
as she has already ceded to the United States the
Pea Patch for fortifications, she might conclude
to grant the town of Salem, which lies within the
circle, to the United States for marine barracks,
or for some other military or naval purpose.
I am not willing that New Jersey should re-
main under the imputation thrown upon her by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Hardin,]
of selling land without a good title; nor am I
willing that the rights of these claimants should be
further postponed. New Jersey claims nothing
but her just rights; and I think I may, with con-
fidence, appeal to my friends from New York
¡ and Pennsylvania to support me in the assertion,
that she does not readily yield those rights.
What is the case upon which the House are '
now called to act.   The subject-matter in contro-
versy is an island called the Pea Patch, contain-
ing about one hundred and seventy-eight acres '
of land, situated in the Delaware river, between
the States of New Jersey, and Delaware, and
about ten or twelve chains nearer to the New
Jersey shore than to the Delaware shore, and on
the Jersey side of the main channel of the river, i
The title to this island is derived from New Jer-
sey; and it was surveyed and located on the 8th 1
October, 1784, by Edward and Clement Hall,
who then took possession of it; and it was in the
undisturbed and undisputed possession  of the \
said Halls, and those claiming under them, from
that period until 1817, when Doctor Gale, being
then the owner, and in the actual possession, was
forcibly turned out of that possession by the j
United States, who claimed the same under a j
grant from the State of Delaware, and proceeded
to erect fortifications thereon.  Doctor Gale, after
striving in vain to obtain his rights by compro-
mise or arbitration, commenced an action of eject-
ment against Major Babcock, who was the officer
under the United States having the possession
of the island, and charge of the works erecting
thereon. The proceedings at law were delayed
(for causes which I shall explain before I sit
down) until 1831, when an agreement was made
between the agent of Doctor^Gale and the Gov-
ernment, whereby the Government agreed to pay-
to Doctor Gale #17,000 for the island, upon cer-
tain conditions stated in the agreement. Since
that agreement was made, the subject has been,
from year to year, brought before Congress, but
without any final action until this time. The
present bill proposes to appropriate $30,000, for
the purpose of enabling the Secretary of War to
extinguish the title; and the question is, shall
this bill pass? I contend, sir, that we are bound
to pass this bill, by reason of the agreement upon
the subject, entered into on the 18th February,
1831, and call the attention of the House to the
terms of that agreement, which was executed by-
John H. Eaton, then Secretary of War, and
James La Tourette as attorney for Henry Gale,
and is in the following terms:
" It is agreed by James La Tourette, agent and
' attorney in fact of Henry Gale on the one part,
'and John H. Eaton, Secretary of War, of the
' other part, for and on behalf of the United States,
' as follows: The United States are possessed of
'an island, on which is constructed Port Dela-
' ware, situated about seven miles below New
' Castle, in the State of Delaware, which island
' is claimed by Henry Gale. James La Tourette
' being agent, and specially authorized to dispose
' of said island, proposes, and it is agreed to, that
' the United States Government may examine
' into said title; and on being satisfied that the
' right and claim of said Gale is a valid one, shall
' pay the sum of $17,000; and on payment of said
' amount, said agent covenants and agrees, to and
' with the said Eaton, to convey the whole of said
' island, by good and sufficient title, to the United
' States. This agreement to be submitted to Con-
' gress,and to be binding on the United States if
' Congress shall make the appropriation, and the
' title now hold be ascertained to be defective.
" Executed this 18th February, 1831."
It is evident from perusing this agreement,
that it was hastily and unskillfully dravvn, but it
appears with sufficient certainty that the United
States agreed to pay the $17,000 upon one of two
conditions: the first condition expressed is, that
the United States should be satisfied " that the
right and claim of said Gale is a valid one." The
next condition is, that the agreement should be
binding if the title held by the United States " be
ascertained to be defective. '
I insist, Mr. Speaker, that the second condition
was the true and honest condition upon which
said agreement was, and of right ought to have
been based, and for this plain reason: the United
States found Mr. Gale in possession, and forcibly
turned him out; they therefore had no right to
put him to proof of his title, but were bound to
show a good title in themselves; or, in other
words, they were bound to show that the title
under which they claimed and entered was not
defective; and in this construction of the agree-
ment, I am supported by the letter of the Secre-
tary of War himself, of the same date, inclosing:
this agreement to the President, in which he
says: " I present to you copies of an agreement
' entered into with the agent, and propose that
' authority be given by Congress to have the title
' inquired into, and if ascertained to be defective,
' then to be compromised upon the terms stated
' in the agreement, for which purpose an appro-
' priation will be necessary."
In this letter it will be observed that the Secre-
tary uses the very words of the agreement; and
it would have been contrary not only to all pre-
cedent, but to every principle of justice to turn
a man out of the possession of his freehold Ly/
strong hand, and then call upon him to show hia
title.
If, then, this be the true construction of the
agreement, the next question which presents
itself for consideration is, whether the title held
by the United States " was ascertained to bo de-
fective;" and the House will bear in mind that,
by the agreement, it was the duty of the Tjmteil
States to'examine into the title, and in conform-
ity with that part of the agreement they did ex-
amine. And what was the result? In the first
place they apply to their District Attorney, Gen-
