1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Pea Patch Island—Mr. Dickerson.
Ho. of Reps.
eral Wall, who says in a letter to the Secretary '
of War ot December 2, 1833, " I have heretofore
« had the honor of submitting my op. non in re-
* spect to the title of Dr. Gale to the Pea Patch.
< I think that his title is valid, and that he must
ultimately recover against the United States."
Theyalso had the opinion of their former Dis-
trict Attorney, J. Mcllvaine, Esq., in which he
says: "On the whole it will be found that the
* islands in the Delaware have never been granted
«by the sovereign. That in regard to the Pea
4 Patch, Delawaie, to say the least, has no better
'(lile to it than Jfew Jersey; and that it is a fair
«subject of negotiation and settlement between
•the two States " And the Attorney General,
Mr. Butler, in his letter to the Secretary of War
of 31st December, 1833, says: " The documents
* submitted to me are sufficient to show that the
' title derived from the State of Delaware is a
'doubtful one."
Thus far the United States proceeded in exam-
ining the title; and who can contend with any
hope of success, before this House, that the title
of the United States is not so far ascertained to
be defective. And if further investigation were
necessaiy, it was the duty of the Executive to
prosecute that further investigation; they did not
do it because they were satisfied «uid under the
conviction of the justice of the claim of Dr.
Gale They recommended that an appropria-
tion should be made to carry the agreement into
effect And, sir, I insist that Congress were
bound, and still are bound, under that agreement,
and that construction of it, to make the appro-
priation.
But if the other condition stated in the agree-
ment be claimed by the United States as the true
condition upon which the $17,000 were to be paid,
still I contend that, according to that construction
of the agreement and the subsequent promises
made by the Secretary of War to the agent of
Dr. Gale, we are bound to make the appropria-
tion. I have already referred the House to the
opinion of the district attorney, General Wall,
deciding that the title of Dr. Gale Was a valid
one. 1 would now refer them to a letter written
by General Gratiot to the agent of Dr. Gale, dated
December 17,1833, n which, speaking of a letter
of the •'gent as to i   ^ agreement, he says: " I
* am, in consequence, uirected by the Secretary of
4 War to «ay to you that the proposition made
* in your letter above referred to, will be acceded
4 to, provided the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
4 eral shall be in accordance with that of Mr.
'Wall."
If, then, it shall appear that the opinion of the
Attorney General was, in effect, " in accordance
with that of Mr. Wall," it will present a case
even under the latter construction of the agree-
ment, which calls for the action of this House.
In prosecuting this examination of title, the
Secretary of War again calls upon the Attorney
General; and I beg leave to refer the House to
his further opinion contained in his letter to the
•Secretary, of the date of June 16,1834, in which
he says:
" In answer to your inquiry concerning the title
' of the United States to the Pea Patch Island,
•* upon which you have again requested my opin-
' ion by your letter of the 14th instant, I have
' the honor to state, that upon the facts disclosed
'in the statement and opinion of the District
'Attorney, Mr. Wall, I should have little diffi-
' culty in coming to the conclusion, that the title
*to this island was in 1831 in the State of New
' Jersey, and that by the act of her Legislature,
4 passed on the 24th of November in that year, it
' was vested in Henry Gale, the present claimant.
4 Mr. Wall, moreover, differs from Messrs. Rod-
4 ney and Read in regard to several material facts,
4 and especially to the title and jurisdiction here-
4 tofore claimed and exercised by their respective
' States in and over the waters of the Delaware.
4 Mr. Wall states that for more than sixty years
' New Jersey has«xercised an adverse dominion
'under a claim of right over the waters of the
' Delaware, and that the claim and holding have
' always heen to the middle of the Delaware. On
' the other hand, Mr. Read, in his opinion of the
1 7th of September, 1818, affirms that the State of i
' Delaware, according to the limits defined in the
' deed of feoffment from William Penn, which in-
' eludes the whole island in question and the
' whole river, has uniformly asserted and exercised
'jurisdiction over the river to the low-icaler matk
' of the State oj New Jersey; and the same fact is
' substantially stated in the joint opinions of
' Messrs. Rodney and Read, inclosed in their let-
* ter to the Secretary of War of the 2d July,
'1820."                                                                 y
Bv this it appears that the Attorney General
would have no difficulty in forming an opinion
" in accordance with that of Mi. V \ "if Messrs.
Rodney and Read, in their opinion, had not as-
serted that Delaware had "uniformly assetted
and exercised juusdiction over the nvei to the
low-water mark of the State of New Jersey."
If, then, it shall appear that this assertion of
Messrs. Rodney and Read is entirely without
foundation, it removes the only difficulty which
the Attorney General had in forming an opinion
" in accordance with that of General Wall "
The first step which I propose to take, for the
purpose of proving thatassei Hon to be unfounded,
is to show to the Hous* that another assertion
of the same character made by these gentlemen
in the same opinion, is unfounded. I refer to
that part of their opinion in which they state that
" efficient and permanent works are erecting tor
defense in time of war." Large sums of public
money have been judiciously expended, without
the slightest notice oj on adversan] claim.
"The island having been thus rendered valu-
' able to the public, has excited the attention of
' private individuals, and is now claimed by
' Doctor Gale," &c.
I submit this assertion of those gentlemen to the
House, not only for the purpose of disproving
it, and thereby showing that they did not know
the facts of their case, and that their statements
of fact are not to be depended upon, but to do
away the unfavorable impression which this
House must have received of Dr. Gale fiom the
fact there stated, that the Government had not
the slightest notice of his claim, until they had
expended large sums of money, and rendered the
island valuable to the public. The asseition is
wholly without foundation; and I must express
my deep regret that gpntlemen of the bar, of the
highest standing, in their zeal for their clients,
should so fdi foiget the rights of other parties, as
to make assertions so piejudicial to their inter-
ests, without pi oper investigation; and that regret,
in this instance, is increased from the consid-
eration that the party injured thereby was an
humble individual, struggling against the strong,
and in this case oppiessive, arm of the Govern-
ment.
I said, sir, that the assertion was without
foundation; and, to prove it, I lefer gentlemen to
the correspondence in the War Department on
this subject, showing: cleaily that this title of
Doctor Gale was matter of negotiation with the
Department before these expenditures u ere made
I will not occupy the tune of the House by reading
this coiresp jndence; but it is licie, on my table,
subject to the inspection of any gentleman who
may wish to examine it                          .
But why icfer to documentary evidence ' The
fact is notorious that the Government, by their
agents, offered to purchase the island of Di. Gale;
and that before thev took possession of any part
of it; and failing in the purchase, they tumi d him
out by force, and the strong mm of power So
much for the asseition that the Government made
these improvements " without the slightest notice
of an adversary claim." I ara aware, however.
Mi. Speaker, that to disprove one allegation of
these gentlemen is not conclusive evidence that
their other allegation, as to the claim of juus-
diction of the State of Delaware, is equally un-
founded. But I would ask of the House, fiom
the nature of the case, what must be the evidence
of such claim of jurisdiction, if any such claim
were ever made' It must necessarily be found
either in legislative enactments or judicial decis-
ions: and as no such laws or decisions exist, I
submit to the House that it is conclusive evidence
that the State of Delaware never made such claim
of jurisdiction; and the only difficulty with the
Attorney General being thus removed, his opin-
ion was " in accordance with that of Mr. Wall;"
and, of course, under the promise of the Sec-
retary of War, Dr. Gale had a peifect light to
expect the fulfillment of the agreement by the
payment of the $17,000.
But the gentleman fiom Delaware [Mr. Mil-
ligvn] asks me by what authority the Secietary
of Wai made this agieement> Sir, I will not
inquire into the authonty. It is > nough for me
to know that it was made by the head of the an-
propnate Dopai tnient, and by the sime auihon'y
that wrested, by foice, the propelty fiom Dr
Gale; and I would «usrs-pst to the gentlem in that
the authonty of that officer to turn Di Gale out
of the possession of his property in the manner
he did might, with much more propriety, be ques-
tioned. But, Mr Speakei, if we thiow aside this
agreement, and consider it of no binding effect;
and if we give the United States the advantage
of the possession of the premises, and put the
claimants to the strict proof of title at law, they
piesent a case which, to my mind, is clear of all
reasonable doubt.
Di. Gale, and those under whom he claimed,
had been in the possession and enjoyment of
this island, under a deed from the propuetors of
New Jeisey, for about thn ty-three years; and in
the year 1831 the State of New Jeisey gnnted to
him all the right and title which they had in the
same. So that I presume it will be admitted that
if New Jersey e\ er had the title to the Pea Patch,
the claimants now have it. And I now proceed
to show that the title was in New Jersey.
It is a well-settled principle of the law of na-
tions that where a river lies between two States,
and is not included within the bounds of either,
each holds to the middle of the stream, and the
islands existing or arising in such river mint be
allotted to the Sute to which they are nearest;
and it is a well settled fact that the island called
the Pea Patch lies neaier, by at least ten chains,
to the Jersey shoie than to that of Delaware.
Of course the title of New Jersey to this island
is good, unless Delaware can show some giant
or paramount title to oveieome it. And in order
to effect this, I find that they claim by vntne of
a deed of feoffment made by the Duke of York
to William Penn, in 1682, describing "all that
' part of the town of New Castle, otherwise called
' Delaware, and all that tract of land lying within
' the compass or circle of twelve miles about the
' same, situate, lying, and being upon the Del-
' aware nver, in America " In older to establish
the fact, that they rely upon this deed and upon
it alone, it is only necessai y to refer to the opin-
ions of Messrs. Read, Wirt, and Rodney, ac-
companying the report of the committee The
first objection to this title arises from the fact
that the Duke of Yoik himself had no title, and
theiefore could convey none King Charles never
made a giant to him. Mr. Wirt, in his opinion,
says upon this subject- "If such a grant ever
' existed, (which the district attoiney for Dela-
' ware doubts,) and its production should here-
' aftei become necessaiy, it may be, I presume,
' obtained through our Minister at London."
When the district attoiney of Delaware doubts,
I think it unnecessaiy to say anything more to
prove that no such giant evei existed, until those
doubts are u moved by that distnct attorney or
some other peison who seeks to establish the
title of Delaware under that grant. But, sir, the
description in thisei uitcoveis too much giound.
An inspection of the map will show, that this
circle of twelve miles radius, with New Castle
for its center, will cover a considerable portion
of the county, and all the town of Salem, in the
State of New Jersey, which Delaware has not
yet claimed; although I will not pretend to pre-
dict what she may hereafter do in the premises;
for I assert, without fear of contradiction, that if
the grant of the Duke of York to William Penn
be a valid gian', her title to the town of Salem
is as good as that to the Pea Patch
But, Mr. Speaker, the truth of the case is, and
1 now proceed to demonstrate, that the title to the
Delaware bay and river, and all islands therein,
belonged to the Crown of Great Britain until the
treaty"of peace of 1783, and if so, the Pea Patch
being nearer to the Jersey shoie than to Dt hvvare,
belonged to New Jersey, according to the known
and established laws uf nations     And, lor the
