358
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 14,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Pea Patch Island—Mr. Dickerson.
Ho. of Reps.
purpose of establishing that position permit me,
sir, to call the attention of the House to the
opinion of Robert Raymond, afterwards Lord
Raymond, and Philip York, afterwards Lord
Hardwicke; and as this opinion is cited by
Messrs. Read and Rodney, I trust its authenticity
will not be questioned. These gentlemen, in
speaking of the grant of New Jersey by Charles
II., in 1663-64, say  that "no part of Dela-
• ware river, or the islands lying therein, are com-
' prised within the granting words of the said
• letters patent, but they conceived the right to
'the same still remained in the Crown." And this
opinion, sir, was given in 1721, in the reign of
George I.; and thirty-nine years after the date
of that famous grant of the Duke of York to
William Penn, under which Delaware claims;
and when it is considered that this opinion was
given to the lords commissioners of trade and
plantations, and by such men as Lord Raymond
and Lord Hardwicke, and at a time when the
whole subject must have been familiar to them, I
should consider it the height of presumption to
doubt its correctness. But what say Messrs.
Read and Rodney of this opinion? In their
opinion they state that, " agreeably to this sound
• doctrine, either the United States, or the State
' of Delaware, or New Jersey, on the recognition
• of their independence, succeeded to the rights
' of the former sovereign, and the title of the
• King to this island vested in one of them."
Here, sir, we have the admission of the coun-'
sel for the United States that the doctrine con-
tained in this opinion is sound doctrine, and that
either the United States or the State of Delaware ,
or New Jersey, on the recognition of their inde-
pendence, succeeded to the rights of the former
sovereign, and the title of the King to this island
vested in one of them.   And by this admission,
sir, they grant all that is necessary to establish ,
the title of New Jersey; for it will not be con-
tended that the title vested in the United States,
and of course must have vested either in New i
"Jersey or Delaware, and that by virtue of the '
treaty of peace of 1783.    And as this island is
nearest to the Jersey shore, by the well-known
law of nations upon this subject the title to it
must have vested in New Jersey.   And we thus
have the opinion of the counsel of the United
States fully establishing the principle for which 1
contend, that the title to this island remained in i
the King until the treaty of peace of 1783.            [
In addition to this, sir, we have the opinion of
the late Judge Washington upon this very sub-
ject, reported in the case of Corfield vs. Coryell, j
in Washington Circuit Court Reports, p. 385.
After giving a detailed history of the claims and
legislation of New Jersey upon this subject,
Judge Washington says: " In this state of things
• the Revolution was commenced and conducted
1 to a successful issue, when his Britannic Ma-
'jesty, by the treaty of peace, acknowledged the
•  several States to be sovereign and independent,
' and relinquished all claims, not only to the Gov-
4 ernment, but to the property and territorial rights
• of the same.    The right of the Crown to the
•  bay and river Delaware being thus extinguished,
• it would seem to follow that the right claimed
•  by New Jersey in those waters was thereby
' confirmed, unless a better title to the same should
'be found to exist in some other States." And
after stating the fact that New Jersey had, from
a period nearly coeval with the grant of the prov-
ince, appropriated to themselves the use of the
bay and river Delaware, and compared her claim
with the claim of Delaware, he proceeds: " And
' we are strongly inclined to think that if the
' right of the former of those States (New Jersey)
' to the hay of Delaware was founded on no other
' title than that of appropriation, by having used
• it for the purposes of navigation and fisheries,
' the effect of the Revolution and of the treaty of
' peace was to extend the limits of those States
' to the middle of the bay, from the mouth up-
■ wards."
In support of these authorities, I beg leave to
call the attention of the House to the fact, that
the State of New Jersey, from the earliest period,
has, by frequent legislative enactments, asserted
her jurisdiction over the Delaware river, and over
all the islands therein, to the middle thereof, and
lias actually exercised that jurisdiction, as appears
by numerous legal adjudications involving those
laws; and for a list of these acts I refer the House
to the brief of General Wall, contained in the
report of the committee.
On the other hand, by reference to the laws of
Delaware, I cannot find that by any enactment
they have ever claimed any exclusive right or
jurisdiction over the Delaware river to the Jersey
shore, nor over any islands in the bay or river
which were near the Jersey shore. On the con-
trary, it is a fact, that all the islands nearest the
Jersey shore are actually held under grants from
the proprietors of New Jersey, and those nearest
the Delaware shore are held under that State.
But, Mr. Speaker, I propose now to show that
the State of Delaware, so far from claiming to
hold under the grant of the Duke of York to
William Penn, actually disclaims any such hold-
ing, and claims to hold under and by virtue of the
treaty of peace of 1783.
By an act passed June 19, 1793, the State of
Delaware established a land office for the purpose
of locating and surveying lands, &c; and on the
7th of February. 1794, they passed a supplement
to that law, the preamble to which supplement is
in the following words:
" Whereas, the right to the soil and lands in
'.the known and established limits of this State
' was heretofore claimed by the Crown of Great
' Britain: And whereas, by the definitive treaty
' of peace between his Majesty and the United
' States of America, his said Majesty relinquished
' all rights, proprietary and territorial, within the
' limits of the United States to the citizens of the
• same, for their sole use and benefit; by virtue
' whereof the soil and lands within the limits of this
' State became the right and property of the citizens
' thereof, and who, at the time of passing the act
'to which this is a supplement, had, and now
' have, full power and authority, by their repre-
' sentatives, to dispose of the same for their sole
' benefit, emolument, and advantage: And where-
' as, the claims of the late and former proprie-
' taries of this State to the soil and lands con-
1 tained within the same are not founded either in
' law or equity; and it is just, right, and necessary
' that the citizens thereof should be secured in
' the enjoyment of their estates, rights, and
' properties."
Thereby admitting in very terms that they held
by the treaty of peace of 1783, and that the claims
of' the late and former proprietors of the State to
the soil and land contained within the same are
not founded either in law or equity.
Mr. Speaker, I will not pursue this part of the
subject any further, but submit it to the House,
under the conviction that I have established the
position that the title to the Delaware bay and
river, and the islands therein, remained in the
Crown of Great Britain until the treaty of peace
of 1783, and by that treaty the title to this island
vested in the State of New Jersey, and, of course,
now belongs to the heirs-at-law of Dr. Gale, de-
ceased.
And, sir, if I be correct thus far, the next ques-
tion whieh presents itself for our consideration
is the amount of this appropriation. And upon
this subject I would remark, in the first place,
that the bill does not establish any particular
amount to be paid to extinguish this title, but
only limits it to $30,000, and authorizes the Sec-
retary of War to use this $30,000 to effect this
object, provided he shall be of opinion that it will
be for the interest of the United States to make
such extinguishment; and in so doing, we give
him no more discretion than is usually given in
such cases.
But, sir, the amount is not too high. I have
no personal knowledge of the value of this prop-
erty; but am credibly informed that it would
have been aotually worth at this time, without
any of the improvements put thereon by the Uni-
ted States, more than thirty thousand dollars.
Without, however, referring to any evidence ex-
cept that contained in the report of the committee,
I am satisfied that $30,000 is not more than we
ought to pay, It appears that, as long ago as
February 18, 1831, the Secretary of War offered
to pay $17,000; and when it is considered that
this offer was accepted by Dr. Gale, after a ruin-
ous and protracted and oppressive law-suit the
conclusion is almost irresistible that ho was
driven to his lowest terms. This sum, with sim-
ple interest upon it to this time, amounts to more
than twenty-two thousand dollars; and no man
who reads the history of this case can believe that
$8,000 would indemnify Dr. Gale for his expense
and trouble in prosecuting this claim; and I in-
sist that, under the circumstances, he is entitled
to not only all his expenses, but to a most liberal
allowance for all his time and trouble.
But the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Har-
din] says that Dr. Gale is trying to extort money
from the Government. Let me'remmd that gen-
tleman that there arc two sides to that question,
and that we ought to see to it, that while we
guard the strong from extortion, we do not crush
the weak by the strong hand of oppression. I
admit, sir, that we have the constitutional right
to take private property for public use upon
making just compensation, and that this isa case
in which that power might be exercised. But it
is the very despotic power of our Constitution,
and nothing but the strong plea of necessity ever
gave it place in that sacred instrument. It is a
power which should not be exercised until all
other reasonable means are exhausted, and then
with the utmost caution and tenderness. Let me
now inquire how we have exercised this power
in the case under discussion; and how are we now
exercising it? I promised the House to explain
the causes of the delay which had taken place in
the prosecution of this claim, and now proceed
to perform the unpleasant task by tracing its
progress from its commencement to this period,
and by making a plain statement of the facts of
the case, which show that the proceedings of the
United States have throughout been marked by
the iron hand of oppression. Dr. Gale purchased
this island, and was in the quiet, undisputed, and
uninterrupted possession of it until about the
year 1817, when the United States found that it
was necessary or convenient for their purposes.
They propose to purchase, but cannot agree upon
the price; and although the island was worth to
the United States hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars, yet the officers trusted with this business,
rather than pay the sum which he asked for the
property, saw fit to exercise their despotic power,
and drove him by force from the possession of
his freehold. He appeals to the Secretary of
War for redress; and by an inspection of the
papers in the War Department I find that on the
23d of July, 1818, he wrote to the Secretary of
War in the following words: "Your excellency,
' I trust, will not take it amiss that I am so impor-
' túnate as again to remind you of my disap-
' pointment in not being informed of the appoint-
' ment of the men to view and value the Pea
' Patch, agreeably to my expectations, after I
1 had the honor of"seeing you last February."
Here, sir, we have a citizen of the United
States, who had been turned out of the possession
of his freehold by force, after waiting for redress
more than a year, most humbly asking of the
Secretary of War that he will not take it amiss, that
he reminds him of his promise to do him justice.
And what is done upon the occasion? What
relief is granted to this man ? Why, sir, I find
an indorsement upon the letter in these words:
" Received from the Department26th July; wrote
' Babcock to make full inquiry, and report 31st
' July. Also, same day, wrote Mr. Gale, when,
' report is made he shall be advised, and what ia
' just done." So, then, it appears that the Secre-
tary promised that justice should be done. And
where is the evidence of its having been done ?
Where is the report of Babcock? It does not
exist. The rights of the citizen have been wrested
from him by force, and withheld and postponed
under delusive promises of justice. What course
does he next pursue? Why, sir, finding that the
officers of the United States would not settle it
themselves,, he begs of the Secretary of War to
refer the matter to the arbitrament of his fellow-
citizens, and requests a copy of the order of the
Department upon the subject. And on the 10th
December, 1819, I find the following answer
from the War Department, directed to Doctor
Henry Gale: "Your letter to the Secretary of
' War has been received at this Department.  Tha
