APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Land Distribution Bill—Mr. Niks.
Senate.
4 proposition which you have made to refer your
«claim to the Pea Patch to arbitrators, cannot
«be acceded to by the War Department. The
«opinion of the district attorney having been
« made for the benefit of this Department only, a
« copy of it cannot be transmitted to you." And
is this the just compensation for private property
taken for public use, which is guarantied by our
Constitution' No, sir, it is, indeed, the exercise
of an arbitrary power in the most arbitrary man-
ner
The spirit of Dr. Gale revolted at the oppres-
sion, and in the very desperation of his feelings
he had to resort to the laws of his country for
redress against that very country. An ejectment
was commenced against this Major Babcock be-
fore the circuit court of the United States, and
notice for trial at Trenton at the term of April,
1820; and we here find that the United States, in
addition to the Attorney General and District
Attorney, have called to their aid C. A. Rodney
and G. Read, Jr., Esqs., two counselors of the
highest standing in Delaware, and Richard Stock-
ton, then at the head of the bar in New Jersey;
but the cause was continued by reason of other
business which had the preference, and the rights
of Dr. Gale were again postponed for six months.
In the mean time it was discovered by the coun-
sel of Dr. Gale that the State of New Jersey
ought to have been made a party to this suit, and
applied to the court for leave to make them par-
ties. This was refused; by reason whereof it
became necessary for him to discontinue, and
commence a new suit, which was done in the
supreme court of New Jersey, at the term of
October, 1822. The United States applied to
Judge Washington to remove this cause into the
circuit court of the United States, which applica-
tion was granted, contrary to the wish of Dr.
Gale and the opinion of his counsel. Judge
Washington soon discovered his error, and sent
the cause back to the supreme court of the State,
where it was again entered for trial at the Novem-
ber term, 1825, and by this time I find that the
United States had engaged to assert in this work
of oppression two other gentlemen of the bar,
Mr George Wood, one of the leading members
of the bar of New Jersey, and Mr. Van Dyke,
of Delaware; and the cause is again put off by
the United States, by reason of the indisposition
of Mr. Van Dyke, and because it would be in-
convenient for Mr. Read to attend to it; and thus
again the hopes of this man are blasted. The
facts which I state are all supported by the cor-
respondence contained in the report of the com-
mittee, and the communications which I have
procured from the War Department, and which
are now upon my table, and subject to the in-
spection of any gentleman who may choose to
examine them Soon after this Major Babcock,
the defendant in ejectment, died, anil the suit was
thereby abated. But if I understood the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Hardin,] he said that
the death of a defendant in ejectment does not
abate the suit. I believe that they have in Ken-
tucky some special law upon this subject to keep
the suit alive; but at the common law, and by the
laws of New Jersey, the death of a sole defendant
in ejectment does abate the suit; and for this
cause the suit of Dr. Gale was abated; and
about this time the fortifications, which had been
erected by the United States, were consumed by
fire, and the premises left vacant.
And here let me pause, and ask the gentleman
from Kentucky, and every other honorable gen-
tleman upon this floor, to point out the single
act, word, or deed of Dr. Gale, in this narrative,
that is unbecoming an honorable man and a good
citizen. Tired out by a tedious and vexatious
law-suit, and almost ruined by its expense, he
again appeals to the justice and humanity of his
country, and again tries to effect by negotiation,
that which is denied to him by the slow and un-
certain process of legal proceedings; and the re-
sult of this negotiation is found in the agreement
of 1831, contained in the report of the committee.
Thus far, the odium of oppressing this man is
properly chargeable upon the different officers of
the Government having eharge of the matter, but
fiom the date of this agreement part of that
odium must rest upon this House. Our attention
was called to the subject by the Piesident as
early as 1831, and an appropriation asked to en-
able the Executive to fulfill this agreement in
good faith. A bill was reported for the purpose,
but the wrongs and injuries of an American cit-
izen were too insignificant to command the atten-
tion of Congress; and, like the law-suit, the
consideration of the bill is postponed until a more
convenient season. And again in 1832 the Pres-
ident calls our attention to the subject, and again
we neglect the claims of this man, not because
they are unfounded, but because it was not con-
venient to attend to them. In the early part of
1833, the agent of Dr. Gale has an interview
with the Secretary of War, in which he promises
him that if the bill then before Congress for this
appropriation should not pass, " the claim (of
Dr. Gale) would be extinguished out of the ap-
propriation to be made for rebuilding the fort;"
ana on the 26th of March, 1833, General Gratiot
writes to the agent of Dr. Gale requesting the
Doctor, " to come to this place in person, or to
' send an agent duly authorized to sell his title
' to the island, subject to the approval of Con-
' gress at its next session ''
On the 23d November, 1833, the agent of Dr.
Gale informs the Secretary of War that he is yet
authorized to accept the $17,000, with í/¿e interest,
from the date of the agreement; and offers to
come to Washington immediately, if the Secre-
tary was disposed to make such arrangement;
and on the 13th of December following the Secre-
tary informed the agent (by letter of General
Gratiot) that General Wall " had reported favor-
ably of the title of Dr. Gale," arid that his prop-
osition will be acceded to, provided the Attorney
General shall agree with General Wall in opinion.
And in consequence of that letter the agent re-
paired to Washington, and was there informed
by General Gratiot, " that everything would
be arranged at once, provided he would take
$ 17,000." But he had no authority to remit the
interest, and a new authority could not readily
be obtained, for Dr. Gale was dead, and had be-
queathed this claim, this evidence of the injustice
of his country to his children, who were scattered
in different parts of the Union.
Such, Mr Speaker, are the facts of this case;
and gentlemen on this floor now ask, why do not
the heirs of Dr. Gale prosecute their suit at law
to a conclusion ' They answer by pointing to the
history of the case, to their own poverty, to the
ruined fortune and death of their parent, to the
delays of law, and to the injustice of their coun-
try; and the answer ought to be conclusive to the
heart of every man of feeling, and to the head of
every legislator.
But in what situation are we placed as regards
this property' It is of great value, and particu-
larly to the United States. We paid nothing to
Delaware for her cession, turned Dr. Gale out
of the actual possession, and now seek to deprive
his heirs of any compensation; and this we call
making just compensation for private property
which we take for public use, according to the
spirit of our Constitution. Sir, it is a mockery, a
denial of justice, an arbitrary exercise of despotic
power, and a violation of the Constitution.
I quit the subject, expressing the ardent hope
that Congress will now, by their vote, do all that
yet remains in their power to redress the wrongs
of these claimants, and rescue our Constitution
from further violation.
LAND DISTRIBUTION BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN M. NILES,
OF CONNECTICUT,
In the Senate, «flprti 28,1836,
On the question of the passage of the hill to distribute the
net proceeds of the Public Lands imong the States for a
limited period, and for other purposes.
Mr. NILES said:
Mr. President: It was my intention to submit
to the Senate some remaiks on this bill which,in
any view that can be taken of it, I regaid as one
of the highest importance, and it was my purpose
to have done this before the bill was ordered to
its third reading, but indisposition has for sev-
eral days prevented me from speaking, and at
this time I scarcely feel able to proceed; but as
the bill has reached its last stage, and the Senate
having refused to postpone it, [ am compelled to
deliver my sentiments at this time, or not at all.
Before entering into the consideration of the
several questions which this bill presents, I will
beg to notice some few of the extraneous remarks
of the Senator from Kentucky [Mr Clay] which
had no particular bearing on the merits of the
pending question. What may have been the ob
ject of the honorable Senator in attempting to
alarm the country as to the security of the public
revenues in the deposit banks I will not under-
take to say It appeared to me that, from the
associations of place and other circumstances, his
imagination had earned him back two years, and
that, without perhaps being aware of it, he was
engaged in making a real panic speech, calculated
to alarm the country on account of the revenue
and the currency. Whatever may be the pres-
sure for money at this time, I haidly think the
honorable Senator, with all his skill and experi-
ence in that way, will be able to produce another
factitious panic. The evils of that which pre-
vailed two years since are too fresh in the recol-
lections of the people for them to be drawn into
a similar excitement at this time
It is certainly a very strange argument in favor
of the passage of a bill which appropriates nearly
all the money now in the Treasuiy, to attempt to
prove that this very money is insecure, and would
not be available should this bill become ¡\ law.
If the deposit banks cannot pay the money, thpre
will be none to distribute, there will be no sur-
plus on which the law can operate.
But what grounds are there for alarm as to the
security of the public revenues' They aie now
deposited in thirty-six banks, and in compara-
tively small sums; no one bank having more than
about three millions, and averaging less than one
million. Has the Senator stated any facts tending
to show that these banks, or any of them, are
not perfectly solvent and safe depositories of the
public funds' What are the grounds on which
confidence is reposed in any banking institution'
Is it not its capital, and its reputation for being
prudently and co-rectly conducted' Whatever
objections, then., there may be to the present
system of selecting banks for public deposits,
it certainly has some advantages. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury has-an opportunity of select-
ing for places of deposit such banks as have
acquired an established reputation, and as are
known to be conducted on safe principles; he also
can select as large a munbei as he pleases, by
which means the aggregate capital is increased,
and the risk divided Is it not apparent that the
public revenues are safer deposited in thirty-six
banks than they would be in one bank having
the same capital' Experience proves that a bank
with a laige capital may as likely become em-
barrassed as one with a small capital, as their
business is on a corresponding scale. Interest
prompts all banks to extend their business to the
utmost limit their capital will allow. If the
public treasure was deposited all in one bank, as
was the case some years since, and that, by an
improper extension of its business, or by specu-
lation, should become embanassed, the whole
revenues of the country would be in jeopardy;
but if they are in numerous institutions, the
danger is greatly diminished, as it is not to be
appiehended that several of the deposit banks
will become involved in difficulties at the same
time They are independent uf each otln i, and
their operations no way connected The lus,torv
of the Bank of England, as well as the Bank of
the United States, justifies what is heie stab d.
It is well known that the former was compelli d
to suspend specie payments, and to call in tlw
aid of the Government to sustain it from total
ruin. And the Bank of the United States, by a
system of profligate and fraudulent speculitions,
unparalleled, brought itself to the veiy \erge of
bankruptcy, whilst it was the depositoiy of the
public revenue. For three months, fiom Feb-
ruary to May, in IfcllO, t.iat bank was in the
most critical v 'uation, and uai'v t\poi>id to be
compelled to stop payirent. Jo sa\e nstlf, it
diained th° State banks of then spec l—')rok
the banks of Kentucky, and made such foiccj
and rapid curtailments of its loins to inJividua's
as greatly contributed to the scvtiic money pies-
