1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Land Distribution Bill—Mr. Niks.
Senate.
spend the most' On what authority was this
remaik made, applied, as it was, to the appro-
pnations generally' It is wholly gratuitous and
unsupported. The only inquiries of the kind
 hu.h ha\e been made of the head of any Depart-
ment haie been confined to fortifications and other
permanent objects connected with the defense of
the country. These are no part of the ordinary
annual expenditures. How far it may be wise to
co in expendituies for purposes of this kind may
be a question; but whatever it is proper to expend
in public works for the defense of the country
may as well be expended in one year as in a «
series of years. Indeed, this is true policy and
economy, for the more time which is consumed
in laying out the money, the more of it will be
abstracted by the agents who have the disbursing
of it. If an individual has occasion to build a
house, will he not do it in one season, or in as
short a period as he can find any one to contiact
to do the job' He does not consider it economy
to be several years about it; neither does he regard
the outlay as a part of his annual expend¡ ures.
He considers it as an investment—as an addition
to his estate. What is true of an individual is
true of the Government. Whatever it may be
proper to expend on fortifications, ordnance, or
other permanent means of defense, the shorter
the period in which the money can be expended
the better, if there is no waste in the application.
Neither are appropriations for purposes of this
description to be regarded as a part of the annual
expenditures of the Government any more than
the erection of a house is to be regarded as apart
of the annual expenses of an individual The calls
for the maximum appropriations for permanent
objects of defense are no evidence of profuse ex-
penditure as asserted, but of true economy, es-
pecially when we have money on hand that we
have no other use for.
The compromise tariff act of 1833, to which
the honorable Senator alluded with so much
complacency, is not entirely irrelevant to the
subject unuer consideration, as that law has in
part contributed to produce the surplus which the
gentleman seems so anxious to seize upon for
distribution. He seems to look back upon that
compromise as a bright spot in the recoid of his
political life, the gentleman appears to have been
partial to compromises, and has had a hand in
many of different descriptions. The tariff com-
promise, so far as it was a means of quieting, for
a time, a distracting question, and of calming the
troubled elements in one quaiter, was a salutary
measure, but the principles of the compromise
were unsound and unwise. The reduction of the
high duties was too slow, on the one hand, whilst
on the other the attempt to establish by compro-
mise a uniform principle of imposing duties, was
either delusory or a gross assumption of power.
In consideration of retaining the high rate of
duties, subject to a gradual reduction for ten
years, the principle of discrimination in íegu-
lating the duties is proposed to be relinquished.
Those engaged, or having capital invested, in
manufactures in 1833, were to become rich by
the protection afforded to them during the ten
years of high duties; and those who might become
interested in manufactuies near the close or after
that period, were to be left to shift for themselves.
There is no reason on earth why from fifty to
seventy-five per cent, should be required to pro-
tect the manufacturing interests in 1833, which
could be sustained by duties of twenty per cent,
in 1842. Either the high rate of duties was not
required, or the point of depression is so low as
will sacrifice the manufacturing interests. The
experience and skill requisite to the successful
prosecution of most branches of manufactures
had been acquired in 1833; and although there
are constantly improvements taking place in all
the arts, yet as these are as great in England and
other manufacturing countries as in tins, they
will give no advantage or security to our manu-
factures. In regard to the attempt to settle by an
act of Congress, under the assumption that it is
a compromise, a uniform rule by which all duties
are to be imposed aftei the year 1842, if not alto-
gether delusory, it can only be regarded as a new
scheme to amend the Constitution.
It would in fact, be an amendment of the most
impoitant charactei.    The duties on foieign im-
portations, as the piincipal source of the public
revenue, as well as incidentally affoiding protec-
tion to the manufacturing interests of the coun-
try, have been a subject of more legislation than
any other, and must continue so for all time to
come. The state of the Treasury, the growth
of new interests at home, the decay of old ones,
foreign legislation, and various other causes, will
requne fiequent modifications of the revenue
laws. To attempt, therefore, to restrict, limit,
or regulate the power or action of Congress over
this subject by an oidinary law, or by any un-
derstanding or compromise among the leading
members of Congress as to the passage of that
law, is preposterous. It is an attempt by one
Congress to tie up the hands of their successors,
and deprive them of that equality of power which
the Constitution has conferred on each successive
Legislature. Had the high rate of duties been
brought down to a proper point of reduction
more rapidly, it would have lightened the taxes,
and we should have had less surplus in the
Treasury to contend about.
Mr. President, having disposed of the extra-
neous and preliminary topics, I will proceed to
consider the bill before the Senate. This meas-
ure, in any view which can be taken of it, is of
the highest impoitance. The bill provides for
distributing among the States, according to the
Federal principle of representation, the net pro-
ceeds of the public lands for five years, com-
mencing with the year 1833 and ending with the
year 1837. As amended at one time, it proposed
to distribute the proceeds of the lands for nine
years, from 1833 to 1841. That amendment has
been abandoned by the friends of the bill, and it
now stands as at first intioduced. There are
some minor principles in this bill, as the grant
of certain portions of lands to the new States,
and the allowance to those States of ten per cent,
of the sales of public land within then territories,
which I do not propose to notice. The bill as it
now is, should it become a law, will distribute
among the States about forty-five million dollars.
Its friends calculate upon a large sum. Before
the amendment was disagreed to, the bill would
have distributed eighty-seven million dollars, pro-
vided the sales of the public lands for the ensu-
ing five years should equal what the friends of
the measure estimate them at—ten millions a
year. I think, however, that estimate much too
high. Eighty-seven millions would be nearly
one half of the proceeds of all the lands now
unsold in the States and Territories. The%gross
amount, at the minimum price, has been esti-
mated by the Senator from New York [Mr.
Wright] at one hundred and eighty-seven mil-
lion dollars. This bill, as it is, will distribute
more than one quaiter of the whole proceeds of
the public lands in the States and Teintories.
By a leport of the Secretary of the Treasury it
appears that there are in the States and Terntoi íes
122,397,462 acres of lands surveyed and offered
for sale, and which was unsold on the 30th Sep-
tember last, and 9,772,739 acres surveyed and
not offered for sale, making 132,170,210 acres of
which the Indian title has been extinguished.
Theie are, besides, 79,126,838 acies to which the
Indian title has not been extinguished, but this
will cost nearly as much as we shall get for it.
The bill in its present form will distribute a large
share of the proceeds of the entire national do-
main. It is retrospective in its operation, and will
distribute all the money laised from the sale of
the public lands since 1833, which will include
nearly the entire balance now in the Tieasury.
The gross receipts for the sale of the public
lands which will be distributed should this bill
Fass are—
n 1833...........................§3,967,681
In 1834...........................    4,875,650
In 1835........................... 15,200,000
First quarter of 1836...............    5,439,650
Money now in the Treasury to be dis-
tributed.........................#29,682,981
Proceeds of sales for the last three
quarters of the year 1836, estimated
at..............................    8,500,000
Proceeds for 1837 estimated at......   8,500,000
Total amount to be distributed......|46,682,981
This estimate for the remainder of the current
year, and for 1837, is considerably below the cal-
culations of the friends of this measure, as they
consider that the sales will be nearly or quite at
the rate they were during the last year, when they
exceeded fifteen millions. But I have supposed
that the pressure on the money market which
now prevails, and will be likely to continue, will
check the speculation in lands. The estimate,
however, may be low.
In a financial view of this measure the bill be-
foie the Senate may be regarded in the light of
an appropriation bill. Should it become a law,
it will take from the Treasury, during the pres-
ent year, about thirty-seven million dollars. The
first question, therefore, is the effect it will have
on the finances, and whether such a sweeping
appropriation will not exhaust the Treasury,
and render it difficult to carry on the different
branches of the public service>
Without pretending to accuracy, the following
statements and estimates of receipts and expendi-
tures may throw some light on the subject of the
finances of the year:
Money in the Treasury on the 1st of April, in
round numbers..................$32,000,000
Estimated receipts from the customs
for the three quarters of the year
1836, at the rate of eighteen mil-
lions for the year................13,500,000
Estimated receipts from the public
lands for the three quarters of the
year............................   8,500,000
Total revenues of the year........$54,000,000
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. White] and
others have estimated the money now in the Tieas-
ury, and what will be received duung the year,
at seventy millions. I do not understand the
process by which they make so large a sum,and
am persuaded that it is altogether an over esti-
mate. 1 do not claim any accuracy for the esti-
mate I have made, but believe it will be found
not to vary essentially from the tiuth. The cal-
culation as to the custom is based on the assump-
tion that the importations of dutiable articles will
be equal the present year to the last, when the
duties on imports weie about nineteen millions.
But by the compromise act of 1833, one tenth
part of the excess of duty over twenty per cent,
is taken off, which will amount to about one mil-
lion dollars, leaving for the duties of the whole
year eighteen millions. The first quarter, it is
true, has considerably exceeded that rate; but the
great amount of importations the last quarter of
1835 and the first quarter of the present year will
be likely to occasion less importations the three
last quarters of the present year. In connection
with this cause, the extreme pressure on the
money market in the commercial cities must oc-
casion a check and reaction to all kinds of busi-
ness This cause will opeiate still more forcibly
to check the sales of the public land, a great por-
tion of which the last year and the first quarter
of the present has been purchased on speculation.
When good notes, as is said to be the case, are
discounted in New York at from thirty to forty
per cent interest, it can hardly be supposed that
money will be extensively employed in land
speculations. All revulsions in business imme-
diately affect the revenue, from whatever source
derived, and hence the great fluctuations which
our revenue has experienced both from customs
and the public lands. The receipts from the
customs in the year 1816 were $36,306,874, m
5817,^26,283,348; in 1819, $20,283 608; in 1820,
415,005,612, and irrl821, $13,004,447. The year
1816  was the first after the war, which accounts
for the great excess of impoitations, but from
1817  to 1821, a period of four years, the revenue
was diminished more than one half, falling off
fiom more than twenty-six millions to thirteen
millions.
Speculation in public lands commenced in l«lc¡,
sales then being made on credit, and the leceipts
for lands the following year were $3,270,000, in
1820 they fell off one half. In the years 1823
and 1824, the annual receipts were less than one
million; and last year the sales have produced
more than fifteen millions.    This has been the
