1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
24th Cong....1st Ses&.
Land Distribution Bill—Mr. Niles.
Senate.
íeUs, pertawng to the Governmentof the Union. '
1 have alreidy cvamined this question, and en-
deavored to show that the surplus at the end of
the prtseot vear would not exceed twenty mil-
lion , and would in all piobability full short of
that sum, which, upon the most moderate scale
of providing for the more complete dtlense of the
counti v, woald be wanted foi that object, and no
doubt considerably more.
But if there was a sui plus, a distribution of it
amoii" the States would not be the propei íem-
edy It would be unwarrantable to attempt to
remove a temporaiy evil bya measure resting on
anew and dangeious principle. It there is an
«cess of revenue, which has and is to continue
to accumulate in our Treasury, the rightful and
proper remedy is to remove the cause, to reduce
tdererenue. Stop the money from flowing into
your Treasury, and it will then distribute itself
among the people which is the only jubt and
constitutional distribution This will be the only
lust distribution, because it will distribute the
moniy not wanted for the purposes of this Gov-
ernment among the people, and in the exact
proportions which they contribute towards the
taxes
It is true the present surplus has mainly accrued
from the sales of the public lands; but it is within
the power, and it is the solemn duty of Congress,
so to shape their legislation as to pievent the
accumulation of more money into the Treasury
than is required for the constitutional purposes
of this Government.    And it is our duty so to
regulate and restrict the sale of the public lands,
or so to reduce the customs as to avoid a surplus,
nothing can be more unjustifiable, or a greater
abuse of legislation, than to draw moro money
from the people than ia wanted for public pur-
poses, whether by taxation or tne sab ot the
public property.   Tne accumulation of revenue
lost year was an extraordinaiy íesult fiom spec-
ulations in the public lands, which cannot con-
tinue.   Still there is reason to apprehend that
the money received from this source, whilst the
imposts are at their present amount, will, foi
several years, occasion some excess in the rev-
enue.   And as the tariff act of 1833 prevents any
essential change in the customs tor several years,
it appears to be necessary that there should be
some further legislation, calculated to íegulate
and limit the sales of the public lands.   There are
other than financial reasons in favor of such a
measure.   The national domain ought to be pre-
served for actual settlers for generations to come
What is not wanted for actual settlement should
be held by the Government, especially when we
have no occasion for the revenue denved from
the sale of it.   As long as it is held by the Gov-
ernment, the same advantages of emigration and
settlement on the uncultivated lands as are now
enjoyed will extend to future generations.  These
advantages are of great importance to the whole
country, being a suie resouice for the disap-
pointed, the unfortunate in the old States, and all
who have not the means to acquire an interest in
the soil m the older settlements in the Union.  In
the unsettled lands, the vast extent of the public
domain, every individual who is so disposed,
howeverhmited his means, can acquire an interest
in the soil, and become a freeholder.  But if these
lands are suffered to go into the hands of specu-
lators and capitalists, at the rate they have the
last year, the actual settlers will have to purchase
of individuals instead of the United States, and
may be compelled to pay ten dollars per acre for
lands they can no w get at one and a quarter.  The
capitalists of the country should not be suffered
to monopolize the national domain, and thus
interpose themselves between the Government
and the actual settler.    A law properly guarded,
confining the gales of the public lands to actual
settlers, appears to be demanded by the highest
considerations.   With a view merely to regulate
the revenue, the law might provide the maximum
beyond which sales should not be made in one
year.   As the matter now stands, no calculation
can be made on this branch of revenue, as the
receipts within a few years have varied from one
million to fifteen millions, and the first quarter
01 'he present year they have been at the rate of
twenty millions.
Mr. PiL&ident, I will now proceed to make
some remaiks on the main question presented by
this bill, which is the constitutionality, justice,
and expediency of div iding the public lands among
the States This measure is too impoitant, and
lests on a principle too novel and dangerous to
be sustained by any temporary reasons, or any
othei conditions, than that it is constitutional,
right, just, safe, and proper to divide the public
domain or the proceeds of it among the States,
and take away this bianch of revenue from the
Federal Government.
Befoie consideung the objections to this meas-
ure, let me ask, what are its advantages' It is
claimed, in the first place, that by taking the
money now in the deposit banks, and dividing it
among the States, it will be put in circulation, and
thus íelieve the present pressure on the money
maiket. This advantage would be temporary,
and of little importance, if true; but the effect of
the distribution would be directly the opposite.
The banks, if called on to pay the money, would
have to press their debtors, which would increase
the distress, whilst the money, when distributed,
would be withdrawn from use for several months,
as the Legislatures of the States would have to be
convened before any disposition could be made
of it. But this matter being entirely temporary,
is of little moment.
The main benefit calculated upon, from the
measure, is to increase the íesources of the States.
As the bill was first introduced, it directed the
application of the money either to internal im-
provements or education. As it now is, it may
be applied to any purpose whatever, and will be
entutly subject to the disposal of the State Legis-
latures. They can apply it to their ordinary
expenses, if so disposed It is to be presumed,
however, that in general it will be applied to
woiks of internal improvements, and this may
be regarded as the object of the bill. It is to
provide for carrying on internal improvements
by the funds of this Government, through the
agency of the States. It is attempting to do in-
directly what it is now admitted we cannot do
directly. What will be the effect of the sudden ap-
plication of neaily fifty million dolíais to objects
of this description? Will it not give an undue
and dangerous impulse to the spirit of internal
improvement? and does not that spirit now re-
quire rather to be checked than stimulated into
greatei activity? What will be the effect on the
business of the country of withdrawing so large
a capital from other pursuits to be invested in
railroads and canals? And this must be the re-
sult, as the funds of the Government are loaned
out to individuals, who are employing them in
the various departments of useful business; and
they must be collected in when the banks are
required to pay over the money. It is an error
to suppose that those funds are in the deposit
banks. They are in the hands of individuals;
and should this bill pass, must be withdrawn
from the debtors of the banks, and, of course,
withdrawn from those branches of business in
which they are now employed. Would not the
great interests of the country suffer by with-
drawing so large a capital from them,and invest-
ing it in canals and railroads?
Would not this sudden impulse to internal
improvement be likely to involve the States in
extravagant and ruinous projects' A consider-
able portion of the works of this kind are of little
or no value. The principal canal in my own
State, continued by another in the State of Mas-
sachusetts, both of which have cost nearly one
million dollars, is of no value. Many in other
States are of a similar character. It would seem
that the moneys expended by the Government
of the Union on canals and roads should admon-
ish us against wasting the resources of the coun-
try on unimportant objects of this kind. Congress
has appropriated nearly ten million dollars to
roads and canals; about six millions on the Cum-
berland road; one million on the Delaware and
Chesapeake canal; one million on the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal, half a million on the Dismal
Swamp canal, and some others. What return
has ever been received for these vast expendi-
tures; and what is the value of these expendi-
tures; and what is the value of the stock of these
¡ canals' A bill is now pending for the assumption
of the Dutch loan, due by the cities in this Dis-
trict, making about two millions more on account
of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal *
How will the States apply these funds' Some
of them aie constructing works in behalf of the
State, and will piobably apply them in that way;
but most of the States will invest the money in
subscription to stock in corporations, and thus
increase the power and influence of these danger-
ous monopolies.
Railroads are at this time the most popular
kind of internal improvements, and when con-
structed by corporations, with the chartered priv-
ileges which have been conferred on them in the
eastern States, are the most dangerous monopolies
which have ever been permitted to exist in a free
country. They are merely private ways, and no
person can use them, or pass over them, without
the consent of the company. They are allowed
to fix their own rate of tolls, whilst their advant-
ages enable them to destroy all competition by
stage lines, or other means of conveyance. Like
all other monopolies, their advantages, whatever
they may be, are enjoyed exclusively by the
company. They are little or no benefit to the
public, whilst they are a serious injury to the
agricultural class, by throwing out of employment
the great number of horses now used in stages
and other modes of conveyance, and destroying
the market which was thus created for the pro-
ducts of farms.
It may be laid down as a general truth, that
neither railroads nor canals are of general utility
and advantage to the country, except where they
tend to raise the price of the products of agriculture
or increase the demand for labor. And these results
are only produced by such canals or railroads as
open a market by supplying cheaper and better
facilities of conveyance to portions of country
which were deprived of one. In all other cases
railroads and canals are of no general utility, and
add nothing to the common prosperity. Their
advantages are confined to a very small class,
whilst their disadvantages affect a very numerous
class. The fallacy of these, and all other expe-
dients for advancing the prosperity of the coun-
try, by any other means than by increasing and
giving greater scope to its industry, must soon
become manifest. Is it right and just to tax the
people for objects of this kind.' or to apply the
funds of the whole people to purposes which can
be beneficial only to a few, and those the wealthy
classes'
But it is alleged, as another advantage of this
measure, that it will settle the long agitated ques-
tion of internal improvement as relates to this
Government — will quiet the public mind, and
strengthen the Union. I cannot concur m this
opinion. Is it to be supposed that this question
is to be settled by agitating it in a new and more
dangerous form? What is this but the old ques-
tion of internal improvement in a new and dis-
guised form, and therefore the more dangerous ?
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] says
the West will not long submit to have all the
public money expended on the sea-board. Sir,
this is a slander on the West. Will the people
of the western States wish to see the Constitu-
tion violated, or any dangerous principles intro-
duced into the Government, to secure what they
may conceive to be an equal participation in the
advantages of the expenditures of the public
money? I do not believe it. The gentleman
does great injustice to that patriotic portion of
the Union. I, as a citizen of the East, and a
Representative of an eastern State, will defend
the West against this unworthy imputation.
Neither can 1 admit the justice of this complaint;
the West have their share of the public advant-
ages. The disbursements in relation to the pub-
lic lands, and the numerous giants which have
been made of them for the purposes of education
and internal improvements, are at least equiv-
* This hill has Bince passed, and provides for assuming
the Dutch loan, made by the ciuesot Washington,George-
town, and Alexandria, amounting to over a million and a
half The stock in the canal he'onging to the cities i  to
be nledffed as security The United States have now taken
two millions and a half in the stocn of the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal.
