364
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 28,
24th Cong.... Ist Sess.
Land Distribution Bill—Mr. Niles.
Senate.
alent to all the benefits enjoyed by the people in |
the Atlantic States from the disbursements of the
Government. It is a mistake to suppose that the
public money expended at any place is essentially
beneficial to* the contiguous population. The
supplies and property purchased may come from
a distant part of the Union.
But whilst the advantages of this measure,
either to the Slates or the Union, are of a doubt-
ful character, the objections to it are of the most
serious kind. The first difficulty is, the very
great doubt as to the power of Congress to make
such a disposition of the proceeds of the public
lands. With the exception of Louisiana and
Florida, these lands were ceded by several of the
States to the United States, and the rights and
powers of this Government over them were de-
rived from those cessions which have been con-
firmed by the Constitution. We must then look
not only to the terms and conditions of the grants,
but to the circumstances and purposes for which
they were made. The United States were carry-
ing on a war, and had become deeply involved in
debt; they had the civil and military expenses of
the Government to meet, whilst they were desti-
tute of revenue, and had no power to raise one
dollar, either by direct or indirect taxation. Their
only reliance, under the Confederation, was upon
requisitions on the States. Some of the States
possessed extensive tracts of waste lands, whilst
others possessed none; and the latter contended
that these lands ought to be ceded to the Confed-
eration, for the security of the public creditors,
and as a common fund for the benefit of the
Union.
Maryland and Rhode Island had refused to join
in the Confederation on the ground of this com-
plaint. The Congress had repeatedly urged the
States to cede their lands to the Confederacy, and
in October, 1780, adopted a resolution, of which
the following is an extract:
" Resolved, That the unappropriated lands that
' may be ceded or relinquished to the United
' Slates by any particular State, pursuant to the
' recommendation of Congress of the 6th of Sep-
* tember last, shall be disposed of for the common
' benefit of the United States, and be settled and
* formed into distinct republican States, which
* shall become members of the Federal Union,
* and have the same rights of sovereignty, free-
1 dom, and independence as the other States.
" That the said lands shall be granted or settled
* at such times and under such regulations as shall
' hereafter be agreed on by the United States in
' Congress assembled, or any- nine or more of
'them.'*
The grants of the several States were made in
pursuance of this resolution of Congress, and all
refer to it; and this resolution shows what was
the intention and object of Congress. It proves
that the Congress had two objects in view in
obtaining the cessions from the States; one to
promote the settlement of the territory and the
formation of States to be admitted into the Union;
the other, the disposal of the lands for the common
benefit of the United States, not for the common
benefit of the several States, or the States in their
separate and sovereign capacity, but for the ben-
efit of the whole in their confederate capacity.
In pursuance of the aforesaid resolution of
Congress, the State of New York passed an act
authorizing the cession of its lands. The fol-
lowing extract from the preamble explains the
object:
" Whereas, nothing under Divine Providence
' can more effectually contribute to the tranquil-
' lity and safety of the United States of America,
' than a Federal alliance on such liberal principles
' as will give satisfaction to its respective mem-
' bers; and whereas the articles of confederation
* and perpetual union, recommended by the hon-
' orable Congress of the United States of Amer-
' ica, have not proved acceptable to all the States,
' it having been conceived that a portion of the
' waste and uncultivated territory within the
' limits or claims of certain States ought to be
' appropriated as a common fund for the expenses of
* the war; and the people of the State of New
* York being, on all occasions, disposed to nian-
' ifest their regard for their sister States, and their
* earnest desire to promote the general interest
' and security; and more especially to accelerate
' the Federal alliance by removing, as far as it
' depends upon them, the before-mentioned im-
' pediment to its final accomplishment."
Here it is expressly stated that the object of
the cession was to appropriate the lands as a
common fund for the expenses of the war, which
is wholly incompatible with the idea that they
were to be a common fund to be divided among
the States, or for the benefit of the States in then-
several capacities.
The act of cession of Virginia provides: " that
' all the lands within the territory, so ceded to
' the United States, shall be considered as a com-
' mon fund for the use and benefit of such of the
' United States as have become, or shall become,
' members of the Confederation or Federal alli-
' anee of the said States, Virginia inclusive, ac-
' cording to their respective proportions in the
' general charge and expenditure, and shall be
' faithfully and bona fide disposed of for that pur-
' pose, and for no other use or purpose what-
' soever."
The act of cession of Massachusetts provides
that the lands were to be " ceded or relinquished
' to the United States, to be disposed of for the
• common benefit of the same, agreeably to the
' resolve of Congress, of October 10th, 1780."
Connecticut " released and ceded her right of
'jurisdiction and soil to the country one hundred
' and twenty miles west of the western boundary
• of Pennsylvania to the United States in Con-
' gress, for the common use and benefit of said
' States, Connecticut included."
The cession of Georgia provides: " That the
' lands conveyed shall be considered as a common
'fund for the use and benefit of the United States,
' Georgia included, and shall be faithfully disposed
' of for that purpose, and for no other use or purpose
' whatsoever."
Whether, therefore, we regard the situation of
the States at the time, and the object of the ces-
sions as apparent from the circumstances under
which they were made, or the language of the
acts of cession, it appears perfectly clear that
those lands, so far as the right of property was
concerned, were vested in the United States, or
such of them as had joined the Confederacy, and
were to constitute a common fund for the benefit
of such States in their federative capacity, and
not in their separate capacity as independent
sovereignties. The States were to share in this
fund in proportion to the general charge of ex-
penditure as apportioned by Congress among the
States. So far as the expenses of the Confederacy
could be defrayed from the proceeds of these
lands, the requisitions upon the States were to
that extent diminished, and in the same propor-
tion as the States were assessed. But the rule of
apportionment adopted in this bill is entirely dif-
ferent from that prescribed in the grant of Vir-
ginia. The bill assumes as a rule the Federal
population, which is a principle of political power
compounded of free and slave population. The
rule adopted by Virginia was that of the general
charge and expenditure as established by the arti-
cles of confederation, which provided—"That all
' charges of war, and all other expenses that shall
' be incurred for the common defense or general
I ' welfare, and allowed by the United States in
i « Congress assembled, shall be defrayed out of a
' common Treasury, which shall be supplied by
' the several States, in proportion to the value of
' all land within each State, granted to or surveyed
' for any person, as such land and the buildings
•and improvements thereon shall be estimated
« according to such mode as the United States in
• Congress assembled shall from time to time di-
' rect and appoint." If there was any authority
for a division of the proceeds of the lands among
the States, this bill has departed from the rule
laid down in the cession of Virginia, and assumed
a principle then wholly unknown. The language
of the Virginia grant is very strong and guarded;
and it not only provides that the lands shall be a
common fund for the United States, but adds that
" they shall be faithfully and bona fide disposed
of for that purpose, and,for no other use or purpose
whatsoever." They were not to be disposed of
for the benefit of the several States, but for that
of the United States, or the Confederacy, which,
under the confederation, was regarded as General
Government, with heavy charges upon it, and
then carrying on a war. According to the ex-
press terms of the Virginia and Georgia grants,
this fund could be applied to no other purpose
whatsoever than the benefit of the Confederacy.
The intention of the grants was to provide a fund
for the Confederacy, not for the States, which,
possessing the power of taxation, could provide
for themselves.
It has been contended that the clause " Virginia
inclusive," proves that the fund was held in trust
for the States; but there is no just foundation for
this argument, as that clause was evidently in-
serted only, from abundant caution, to secure to
the granting States their share in the benefits of
the fund, when applied to the purposes of the
Confederacy, and which would diminish the
requisitions to be made upon the States. These
cessions were confirmed by the Constitution,
with their conditions.
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. White] has
referred to the opinions of the President as to
the power of Congress, expressed in his annual
message in 1830, regarding a division of the sur-
plus revenue among the States. But the Presi-
dent then suggests doubts as to the power of
Congress; and in his veto message he says:
" The Constitution of the United States did not
delegate to Congress the power to abrogate these
compacts." On the contrary, by declaring that
nothing in it shall be so construed as to prejudice
any claims of the United States, or of any par-
ticular State, it virtually provides that these com-
pacts, and the rights they secure, shall remain
untouched by the legislative power, which shall
only "make all needful rules and regulations"
for carrying them into effect. All beyond this
would seem to be an assumption of undelegated
power.
These ancient compacts are invaluable monu-
ments of an age of virtue, patriotism, and disin-
terestedness. They exhibit the price that great
States which had won liberty were willing to pay
for that union, without which they plainly saw
it could not be preserved.
Considering these lands as vested in the United
States, and appropriated to the uses and purposes
of the Union by the original grants, and which
were confirmed in the formation of the present
system of Government, will it not be inconsistent
with the grants to divide the fund arising from
the sale of them among the States?
The Federal Government possesses two means
of raising a revenue, both of which were derived
from the States. The first is the public lands or
domain; the second, the power of levying and
collecting taxes, both direct and indirect. The
power of levying taxes, like all other powers of
this Government, is specific and limited; it is in
its very terms confined to the purposes of the
Union—to paying the debts and providing for
the common defense and general welfare of the
United States. And if the language of that par-
ticular grant was not so limited, it could receive
no greater extension, as that would be incompat-
ible with the theory and structure of the Govern-
ment. The Government of the Union was estab-
lished for certain specific purposes and objects,
defined in the grant of its powers; and the power
to levy and collect taxes must be coextensive with
those purposes, and can extend no further. To
maintain that Congress can raise a revenue for
purposes beyond the sphere of its action is a most
preposterous and alarming proposition. If you
step one inch beyond that boundary there is no
limit to the taxing power, and it might be so ex-
ercised as to annihilate the States.
Considering the taxing power as confined to
¡ puiposes distinctly Federal, it cannot be exercised
| even for those purposes, except in connection
with the other source of revenue—that derived
from the public lands. They were both conferred
by the States on the Union, and for the same
purposes; and the taxing power cannot be right-
fully resorted to except to supply the deficiency
there may be in the revenue derived from the
sales of the public lands.
To dispose of the revenue accruing from the
sales of the public lands, upon objects not Fed-
eral, not within the action of this Government.
