1836.]
ÁPPENblX TO TltÉ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36d
S4th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Defense of the Western Frontier—Mr. Ripley.
Ho. of Reps.
Instead of the amount appropriated by the bill
for the defenses of Maine being greater than her
'5 s11
orehe
tier
condition requires, in my apprehension it falls '
far short ot it. But throe positions are provided
for. In reference to the important considerations
to -which I have adverted, I cannot but believe
that a prudent forecast would lead to the imme-
diate commencement of fortifications at other
points for which no appropriations are made. If
«•e should be so unfortunate as to be engaged in'
another war with England, which no State has
go much reason to deprecate as Maine, her bor-
ders and her coast would be the first if not the
principal scene of conflict. Provide her, then, with
armor. She is young, but robust and athletic. '
Give her but her helmet and shield, and in peace
or war she will do you no dishonor. The mouth
of every river should be guarded. Every town
on our sea-board of sufficient importance to ex-
cite the cupidity of an enemy, should be provided
with some suitable work of defense. I do not
ask great and extravagant expenditures. We
want no such expensive fortresses as the South
"fought up" for her defense. We w'ant none
covering sixty or seventy acres. We want no
Monroe fortresses; no Rip Rap defenses. We
ask only such as are suited to the positions they
may occupy, suited to the objects to be defended.;
to the inducements an enemy would have to make
an attack. The repulsive should always be pro-
portioned to the attractive power.
The position at the mouth of the St. Croix is
becomin; one of great importance. Calais, sit-
uated at the head of navigation, some thirty miles
above Eastport, wnich, in 1830, contained but
one thousand six hundred and eighty-six inhab-
itants, is now estimated to contain upwards of
four thousand. The commerce carried on from
those waters is very considerable, and is rapidly
increasing. The returns for 1834 show that the
foreign vessels which entered and cleared at East-
port in that year amounted to nearly ninety-eight
thousand tons. This tras nearly equal to the
entry, and exceeded the clearances, of foreign
vessels at New York; and very far exceeded those
of any other commercial place in the Union. It
was greatly disproportioned, -however, to the
clearances of American vessels. The harbor of
St. Andrews, where an enemy's fleet could ren-
dezvous, lies on the opposite side of these waters,
and is within striking distance ef Eastport, and
other places on the river. The important and
exposed position has received much less consid-
eration than it is entitled to, and I hope the at-
tention of the proper Department will be called
to it, and that all necessary examination and sur-
veys preparatory to the construction of Suitable
works of defense, may be speedily made.
It appears to be understood, that because the
positions at the Kennebec and Penobscot rivers
are named in the third class in the classification
made by the Board of Engineers in their report
of 1821, they are therefore to be considered third-
rate positions in point of importance. Whatever
was the object of so classing them in 1821, it
ought not to be overlooked, that, by the able re-
port of the same body in 1826, those positions
are placed in the second class; and by a recent
report of the board, just communicated to the
Senate, they are embraced in the first class.
Those formerly considered as entitled to the
earliest attention have already been provided
with works of defense. And those which, inl826,
were regarded in the second class, now become
the first class of positions remaining to be forti-
fied. The work has been going on. The sys-
tem of public defenses has been adopted and pur-
sued sometimes with more, and sometimes with
less energy and ae*l. The South has had the
benefit of appropriations for the fortification of
the Mississippi, Mobile bay, Pensaeola, Savan-
nah, Charleston, and other places. So far as re-
gards that section of the Union, the system has'
been carried into execution, and the1 vote of the
North has never been wanting on any question
of appropriation for that purpose. But when, in
her tum, the North claims her share in this mat-
ter, the South—no, sir, not the whole South, I
trust—but South Carolina, rises up against it.
She "fought it up" for her benefit, and now
would fight it down for nobody's benefit. South
Carolina, with her one or twd porto of entry, has
No. 24
received the benefit of appropriations for this
purpose to the amount of nearly a million of dol-
lars. Maine, -with her twelve ports of entry, and
forty ports of discharge and delivery, has not had
a single dollar expended under the new system
on any permanent work of defease. The State
of South Carolina, which builds but six hundred
and forty tons of shipping, and owns but fourteen
thousand tons, has, in regard to the defense of
her one or two harbors, received the first and
earliest attention of the Government; while
Maine, which builds more than fifty thousand
tons of shipping, and owns two hundred and
twenty-five thousand, has been postponed and
passed over! And this, too, by a Government
acting under a Constitution which imposes upon
it the obligation ,of providing for the common de-
fense of the whole country, and the general wel-
fare and protection of all its parts.
DEFENSE OF THE WESTERN FRONTIER.
REMARKS. OF HON. E. W. RIPLEY,
OF LOUISIANA,
In the HotrsE op Representatives,
May 7, 1836,
On a-Bill making an Appropriation for the De-
fense of the Western frontier.
Mr. RIPLEY contended that, from want of
knowledge of the country, honorable members
had, in his opinion, been entirely mistaken In re-
lation to the orders which had been given by
General Gaines and the grounds taken.by the Sec-
retary of State That a civil war was now raging
in one of the Mexican States was a fact of pub-
lic notoriety. That, on the partof SantaAnna, it
was Waged in the ntos( barbarous manner, neither
respecting convention nor parol, was equally no-
torious. Prisoners, uhder eon ven tion,. were mur-
dered in cold blood, nor was*helpless age or unof-
fending infancy spared by this modern Attila. The
United States had, in this war, determined upon
a strict neutrality between the belligerents. They
had acted upon this principle, but, as a neutral
Power contiguous to the contending armies, they
had upon every just principle of self-defense,
high interests to protect, and duties to perform.
They were bound to guard their own territory and
tó preserve the lives and property of their own
citizens. The more sanguinary and faithless the
character and conduet of one of the belligerents,
the more extensive becomes the measures of pre-
vention which they may take, and which a severe
vigilance or even suspicion will require.
Now, sir, what is the position of Louisiana?
Oh her frontier a civil war rages, marked, on the
part of the Mexicans, with the most atrocious
ferocity. If Santa Anna perpetrates his sanguin-
ary schemes, and embodies hordes of Indians,
whose mode of \parfare we- are acquainted with,
and that band of patriots in Texas arrayed for
the defense of their homes, their liberty and
families, should be strieken down, you have but
abtfut six hundred men in the field, under General
Gaines, to arrest the progress of Santa Anna and
his myrmidons to New Orleans. Under such a
state of things, Louisiana would soon be deso-
lated. The country between the Sabine and
Mississippi contains but a very small white pop-
ulation. 1 should say, in the-four western parishes
below Red river, there are not more than twelve
thousand whites to forty thousand slaves'. It is
an extraordinary fact, from the formation of the
country, that, if the Texans and the- force ot
General Gaines should be destroyed, a thousand
determined mounted men could dash from the
Sabine, cut down the levees on the Mississippi
in twenty places, inundate the whole lower coun-
try, destroy New Orleans, and retire before a
population could be collected to make head against
them. Is this romance, or is it sober reality? I
appeal to my honorable colleagues for the cor-
rectness of my statements.
General Gaines has made a requisition on Gov-
ernor White, who has declined complying with
it for want of funds the Legislature not being
in session. He has conversed with General
Piauche, the gallant leader of the legion, who is
ready to march Vith thai corps, excelled by none
indiscipline, chivalry, and patriotism. Let us,
then, appropriate the funds which this bill con-
templates, and remove the difficulty the Governor
has raised; a difficulty on all former occasions
unheard of in Louisiana, for she has sprung to
arms and fought most nobly on every requisi-
tion of the Government.
The Secretary of State has furnished the views
of the President in relation to the course this
Government would pursue in case of our neu-
trality being threatened. They are given in the
spirit of honest neutrality, and are at the same
time evincive of the clearest military foresight.
They show the firm  upright determination of the
Government to protect the citizens of our fron-
tiers. After reading these documents, they can
repose quietly; without them, fears and appre-
hensions would have induced them to instant
removal.
We know, sir, that the true Sabine has never
been definitively settled. A treaty has been rati-
fied to effect it immediately. We know, too, that
the branch running through Nacogdoches is the
western branch of those streams which empty into
the Sabine lake, and all united form the Sabine
to the' sea. The Sabine lake is only a widening
of the Sabine river, in consequence of low lands
on the banks, and in ordinary water is only one
or two miles broad, and is in fact the true river.
Of course, until the line is run, our Government
should not suffer the Mexicans or Texans to take
possession of any intermediate point of the valley
of the Sabine. Thelongest branch of the Sabine
river is now reported to be many miles westward
of the supposed limits of Louisiana. Arkansas
has already organized two populous counties
above the 33° to the westward of the branch which
has been considered in Louisiana as the true
branch, because we never have explored the coun-
try. Arkansas has done it and organized her
counties, being convinced that the western branch
is the longest branch of the river, and of course is
the true Sabine, within the meaning of the treaty.
Texas also claims this territory. Now, sir, what
is the ground which the Secretary of State has
assumed, and which the honorable member from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] has so severely cen-
sured? Why, it is this: that until the line is
definitively settled, the valley of the Sabine shall
remain neutral ground. We assume no hostile
attitude towards the belligerents; but we have
rights to be established on-the frontier territory.
One of these rights i  peaceably to explore all
these branches of the Sabine river, for the purpose
of ascertaining the true line contemplated by the
treaty.
If either the Mexicans or Texans attempt,
with an armed force, to occupy one of the
branches of the Sabine to our exclusion, until
the line be settled, our forces (notifying both
parties) should advance to old fort Nacogdoches,
situated upon the western branch, and hold it
until the true boundary is ascertained. Is this
not acting in good faith as a neutral ? Is it taking
any part in the war ? Is it not frankly apprising
the Mexican chief that these movement  are
only provisionally made, to-secure ear rights in
running an undefined^boundary, by not allowing
any military possession to be permanently as-
sumed? As a military positwn,. it is the only
one which cari be-taken by General Gaines to
cover our population from the Mexicans and their
Indian allies. Bear in mind, Mr. Chairman, that
General Gaines is on the east side of what ha 
been supposed to be tfce main Sabine, though
now it is doubted whether -it be so. There are
upon the western branch, in advance of General
Gaines, thirty or forty miles to the northwest,
two counties of Arkansas, south of Red river.
These two counties cannot be approached at this
season with an army by any other route than
the road to Nacogdoches; and if General Gaines
were to remain in his position, and allow the
Mexican force to occupy Nacogdoches, they
would in fact be between him and those counties
he would be called upon to defend. The fron-
tier population would be separated from the army
which was to protect it, with the Mexicans and
Camanches between.
Suppose, for a moment, the Mexican army
posted at Nacogdoches, with a disposition to dis-
turb our neutrality.   I do not presume that they
