I936.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
34th Cairo.... 1st Srss,
Defense of Florida—Mr. Vanderpoel
Ho. or ÉEís,
in (h«a> institutions which should hare the public
Bit   T i  chair*"- He *raa prepared to go with
(K St latif fpii  Massachusetts for the adoption
o  t nt n?iUl' o« for ihe government of the de-
r*w • bank-". The soon  r tins was arconipli«hed,
tV bt t:er it would be for those institutions—the
betier '  m d ,*> for th« commercial community.
TH s->ort«r this wis «• complished, the sooner
would "he head of the Treasury LVpartm  nl be
c' tij *'Oin the reiterat. d, t«tt groundless—he
vouM rot sav nvalieiou —-attacks which are daily
r i.re<l'''>rha$a tut >ura tnr  latum to this subject.
There isoery •■oesidersuon which should induce
it* *arli* t possible attention of Congress to this
marrr
TSr present sute of the money market in the
pnr.etra! cities in the eastern States demand* this
«lessor* at our hands. No man could be blind
ti -b* •ause  * otch produced the prest lit pressurt
in <>ur i'omoM retal eitj. s. The most astonishing
finis, sHat amidst all the ral amity, all the pres-
sure ah ch > «S pervaded some sections, the mer-
esculr eommun 'y hare b. en able to stand erect —
u sin- -a n their rr jh credit against all the dis-
asters and i s -xiRiívmen's which have arisen
w ta i tiJ bí¡ f> w month . They have done so,
and tfc J circumstance alone cannot fni! to in-
tyt x lusrh confidence in the integrity, resoure- s,
 >4 •haraeier of our commercial community.
"Pan a noscarritv of money there is an abund-
an*-  «f means. There never has been a time
w >*s the krtiier, the mechanic, the manufacturer,
wre-iaamandiBgliigfwr cud letter prices for the
pre*! lítior^ of trw-ir labor. The pres. nt pressure
prvt-di from the gr> at «n«-i rtainty and doubt
wv.:.-h hargs over 'V at non of Congress upon the
soS/cs of th* public money. And the great
a >ait of the public money in Ih* charge of par-
t.<nj!ar hunks, thr mghout tV whole country, tn-
enajes, t «ler e sismig circumstances, rather than
¿tmi.ili'i that pressur . Our superabundance
v " cor.t.nue :i>bean evj, rath.r thin a blessing,
so'ng ts the deposit banks and th  pnhlie mom y
shal! :o- be subject to **ju«t regulations.**
Let Congress, th n, act upon tint subject; let
prr-peraad just regulations lw adopted; let the de-
pon't banks '*■ fairly protected; let them at least
ttuá'rstand on what they miv n ly; let them be
tola tkat a reasonable opportunity shall be giTen
m th*n to pay over to the Govt mment the pub-
he money % ht never it shall exceed a given
ssaour.t, l t them well und  r stand the policy of
tk  Govrnnv nt, ■ad mil tetlt it tetll. The com-
e r-u! commu nty «ill no longer experience the
tfti* of the mor.ey pressure, business will re-
mit   tt  accustom-dehann'ls;activity and enter-
prBK again will charactcriz. the operations of the
 TfLar,t%nd the maoufvturer; success and pros-
perity w.fí, a  usual, flow from th- ir efforts and
from tfc.tr erterg es.
Mr. WRIGHT said, that if he were called upon
to answer the question, what connection this
list of inquiry had with the necessary legislation
of the country—h^ should be at a loss to answer
it. Th. y seem to be of n local, and, he thought,
wme riat of a pergonal character, and the an-
swers to them did not seem to suit the Senator,
because there a as too much in them. That Sen-
ator was mistaken in S' -ming to suppose that
transí, rs were made to the city of New York for
«owe favored purpow , and he thought he would,
if he 'oMinued his calls tin the Department, get
facts thai would be rnor< difficult to impeach, than
ioallt;e ibere were important facta b* hind.
ocrcxac or florida.
BEMAUKS OF HOX. A. VANDERPOEL,
OV HEW TORS,
I  th« Hscsc ar RrraescifTaTives,
Mm, 21, 1836,
0  th* bill proriding for the payment of expense 
«f Mihtia in the defetwe of Florida.
Mr. VATÍDERPOEL «aid, that none of the
pntkmen who had spoken apon thU bill had, as
y<t, told us that they intended to vote against it.
It wenwd that hia honorable colleague [Mr.
C«*Ktta] and the honorable gentleman from
Teimesae  [Mr. Brix] were diaaatisfied because
«lw biB did not come before as exactly in the
I right way, and that the subject-matter of the bill
had not exactly gone through such a preliminary
f>rm and process as tobe entirely consistent with
the dignity of this body; and gentlemeu had un-
justly, as he thought, taken occasion to animad-
ven in no sparing terms upon the " loose man-
ner" in which this House had proceeded to make
appropriations for the suppression of Indian hos-
tilities in Florida, and the dtfense of our western
frontier.
tt had been aaid both by his colleague and by
the gentleman from Tennessee, f Mr. Bell,] that
the Executive Department of the Government had
not treated us with due courtesy in not communi-
cating directly to this House through its Speaker;
that it should not have made its first communica-
tion either to the Committee on Ways and Means
or the Committee on Military Affairs. To this he
would answer, that in regard to appropriations of
this description, it had been the practice of the
• Executive, ever since the formation of the Gov-
ernment, to intimate his wants in the first instance
to the committee to which, from its organization,
surh matters should most naturally be confided;
and then the committee, aAer it had duly exam-
med the subject, had been in the habit of reporting
to the House a bill, together with all the commu-
nications w Inch showed the necessity of making
the appropriation called for. Such, surely, had
been the practice here in relation to the appropri-
ations which we had already made to suppress
Indian hostilities,and to provide for apprehended
difficulties upon the borders of Texas. We most
certainly ha\e had spread before us all the lights
and all the reasons for which the appropriations
for the defenae of the southwestern or Texan fron-
tier was called. The letter of General Gaines to
the Secretary of War.the instructions of the Sec-
retary to General Gaines, together with the oc-
currence s and the intelligence which induced the
apprehension of trouble in that quarter, were all
read from the Clerk's desk; and when wc voted
the appropriation, we did so, sir, after a full pos-
session of all the lights with which either the
President or the Secretary of War was favored.
For his part, he cared not whether the House or
one of the standing committees of the House were i
first favored with the evidences that indicated the
necessity or expediency of such appropriations,
provided we had the benefit of them before we
acted definitively in the matter. In times of danger
and emergency, when expedition was necessary,
he did not think that we should be so pertina- <
eiously attentive to our own dignity as to lose I
sight of the precious interests that were committed
to our charge. Our constituents would surely
excuse us for not being over punctillious about
poin's of f uquette, for not being quite so regard-
ful of our own special dignity, when we were
called upon to provide safeguards against the
homd savage butcheries of our western border-
ers. They will excuse us, if, on such occasions,
we should go rather for the substance than for the
form, and would be apt much sooner to overlook
and forgive a little precipitancy on our part, than
the procrastination of salutary measures, on ac-
count of any sublimated notions of our own dig-
nity -
Mr. V. said that his colleague [Mr. Granger]
had again alluded to the policy of removing the
Indians to the other side of the Mississippi, and
had reminded us, with that solemnity of tone and
manner which distinguished all his efforts here,
that gentlemen of *' the Opposition" could not al-
I lude to the manner in which these appropriations
i for Indian wars were passed through this House,
I without being suspected of, or charged with carp-
Í ing for party purposes against the Administration.
I If his honorable colleague disclaimed all party
! influence  in the objections which were urged
! against the manner in which these appropriation
i bills were here originated and passed, he could
I only say, that his speech to-day was not the most
| satisfactory evidence of the sincerity of such ixt-
claimer.    It smacked of anytning, and so had
every speech with which his colleague had yet
i favored us smacking of anything but a disposi-
! tion to exclude party from debate here.   He IMr.
' Grakceh] had more than once alluded to the
1 policy of removing the Indians, and if ha could
gather aught from the manner in which hé had
alluded to   this  subject,  it was that he Was
opposed to this policy. He had told us on a foi mer
occasion that he was not a di?c pie of the non-
committal school. He (Mr. V.  did not mean
here to perform the office either of ctitcchist or
catechumen; he had witnessed too many occa-
sions on \\ Inch the functions of the former were
unprofitably exercised, not to feel admonished
that, as a general rule, it was unwise to usurp
them; but if he could be induced to propound a
single interrogatory to his colleague, he would
ask him ¡n plain English whether he was for or
tgainat the policy of removing the Indians to the
other side of theM ississippi > Was he to under-
stand, from the fact of his telling us in a tona
somewhat sarcastic, that this Administration
would be entitled to all the glory or all the dis-
honor of the measure; that he [Mr. Granger]
was opposed to their removal; that he would
rather see them remain in the midst of the white
settlements, claiming a right of sovereignty para-
mount to the sovereignty and jurisdiction of those
States within whose limits they were located, and
constantly endangering the peace and lives of those
white communities who resided in their vicinity?
He wished his colleague would come out openly
upon this subject, and not remain long in a posi-
tion whence he could jump either way, according
to results that time might bring forth.
Much had been said about our legislating under
the influence of a panic here; we had been told
that the citizens in the neighborhood of your In-
dian tribes were panic-stricken, and that we ought
not to partake of this spirit. Was there not
(asked Mr. V.) enough in the history of the past
six months to justify a panic in those unfortu-
nate citizens, whose lot was cast in the neighbor-
hood of the savages ? What have they witnessed
in Florida '_ Why, a little band of Indians, not
exceeding six or eight hundred warriors, baffling
the discipline and prowess of nearly or quite the
whole of your regular army, and not a few vol-
unteers and militia-men to boct! What else had
they witnessed? Why, they had seen efforts
made here to authorize the raising of troops to
nip in the bud those general and most desolating
Indian aggressions with which we were now
threatened; and instead of a unanimity and alac-
rity that should crown such natural and most
reasonable efforts, they had seen honorable gen-
tlemen, who professed to be versed in Grecian
and Roraaji story, rise in, their places dad tell us,
in most solemn tones, that a small addition to
your standing army would endanger the liberty of
your country, that standing armies were the rocks
upon which the ancient republics liad split! They
have seen a single regiment of mounted dragoons
most grudgingly added to your Btanding forces,
and even beheld this addition encountering fierce
opposition from many of the representatives of
this great, this wealthy and powerful nation!
Were not our borderers, then, in view of the
horrible outrages with which they were threat-
ened, of the feeble standing force of the country,
and the surprising reluctance with which a man
was here added to it, justified in yielding to a
little panic' Some of us had been rebuked for
partaking of this panic, and legislating under its
influence. There were some gentlemen so en-
tirely phlegmatic, that it would almost seem that
they would require an accurate inventoiy of the
number of scalps actually taken, duly authenti-
cated by the hand and seal of the Governor of a
State or Territory, before they could be induced
to act. For. his part, he made no pretention to
such stoicism. He did not want to see the blood-
stained tomahawk, or hear the shrieks of inno-
cent victims, before he could be moved to precau-
tionary measures, though those measures might
cost money. He was no enthusiast; but on oc-
casions like these, he would not, because he could
not measure the exact degree of danger, or weigh
in golden scales the amount of relief necessary
to arrest it. It was enough for him that Florida
was almost desolated; that though one campaign,
on our part, had closed, yet the tomahawk and
scalping-knife were again performing their bloody
offices; that the Creeks were rising, as was said,
by thousands; and that we had too much reason
to fear that the war spirit had seized most of the
savages along the whole line of our extensive
western borders.
It had been asked, why has not the Executive
