378
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Florida War—Mr. Johnson.
Ho. ov R
EPS.
number required to perform all the necessary ser- |
vice> Did w e not increase the aggregate pay of
the officers at one session, and in time of profound
peace, from little moie than $700,000 to more
than $1,100,000 ' But at the same time no pro-
vision, I think, was made for the increase of the
poor seaman's pay; he who, at last, must brave,
through all dangers, the brunt of the battle and
the storm. And where, Mi. Chairman, let me
ask, are a large proportion of these very officers
who receive some one, two, and three thousand
dollars a year out of the public Treasury, sup-
plied bv the labor of the yeomanry of the coun-
try' Is it a fact, as has been hinted, that alarge
number of them are employed on board of steam-
boats, merchant vessels, and in other pursuits,
fiom which they realize from twehe hundred to
fifteen hundred dollars a year in addition to their
public salaries' I cannot vouch for this, but I
have heard it stated to be the fact.
But can these extravagances be charged to the
account of the present Administration and its
friends' I answer no; for it will be found, by
reference to the public documents, that the annual
appropriations for the public service have been
uniformly increased some millions beyond the
estimate furnished by the executive officers.
Estimates.           Jlppropriattons.
1831..........$11,852,911 09         $13,568,681 39
1832..........   12,864,099 38           18,397,75182
1833..........   17,995,58117           22,695,782 65
1834..........   18,057,488 73           20,968,992 49
«60,770,080 37         $75,651,208 35
60,770,080 37
Excess of appropriations over the es-
timates in tour j ears............$14,881,127 98
Besides, in all the annual messages of the present
Executive, he has enjoined upon the attention of
Congress the necessity of retrenchment and econ-
omy in our public expenditures. Besides, it will
be found, by adverting to the history of the last
Beven oreight years, that all the extravagant meas-
ures of expenditure have been carried by a large
majority of the Opposition and a small majority
of those who profess to be friends to Republican
principles, but who, it would seem, follow the flock
for the fleece, rather than its safety. Look at the
history of the Navy pay bill, the haibor bills,
fortification bills, the bills authorizing extra pub-
he printing, and the Documentary History of the
Revolution, the increase in number and emolu-
ment of the custom-house officers,the donations to
this District and its corporations, amounting to
some four millions of dollars, superadded to all the
other advantages it enjoys over other portions of
the Republic, from the location of the seat of Gov-
ernment here, not omitting the recent appropria-
tions for the two custom-houses in the cities of
Boston and New York, estimated by some to cost
more than two millions of dollars.
The principal argument adduced to justify these
extiavagant appropriations, and the increase of
our establishments, is the great surplus in the
Treasury, not the real wants of the public service.
But will this surplus always last' How has it
been created ? Has it not been produced by abus-
ing the patriotism of the people—by taking ad-
vantage of their willingness to submit to almost
any burden of taxation to discharge the war debt
of the Revolution and of 1812, and adroitly keep-
ing on those taxes after the debt has been dis-
charged, by specious arguments and the magic
of a pretended compromise, and by appeals to
the cupidity of those " who would live every
how and any how " but by fair and equal com-
petition, the foundation of political justice'
Another source whence this surplus in the
Treasury flows, is the confiscation (for that seems
to me to be the most appropriate term) of the
public lands. But this will not last forever. A
few years of wild speculation, such as has been
produced in part by the dropsical state of our
Treasury, will leave scarcely an acre of valuable
land in the hands of the Government this side of
the Rocky Mountains.
But although these sources of revenue, by the
force of the " compromise," so called, (a new-
name for an act of Congress, and the exhaus-
tion of the public domain, may fail, the disposi-
tion to enjoy the benefits of the Government will
not diminish. Those persons, who have been
indulged with a public support, cannot be so
easily weaned and persuaded to resort to the dull
reality of providing for their own support, but
become the more ravenous as the fountains
whence their sustenance flows diminish, and ad-
ditional taxation must then be resoited to.
All the dependencies created by the Govern-
ment, whether necessary or unnecessary—the
Army, the Navy, the numerous < orps engaged in
the civil and diplomatic departments of the Gov-
ernment, embracing the countless hundreds en-
gaged in the collection of the customs, with all the
various ramifications inseparable from the enforce-
ment of high tariff laws, naturally foim a con-
federacy against the inteiests of the people. And
1 is there no danger to be apprehended from this
confederacy' Is there no ground to fear that
this combination may become our masters, and,
like the Janizaries or Roman legions, crush that
very liberty they were raised to deft nd '
It wouldsecm, fiom the course of legislation in
this country, that the object of one class of poli-
tical economists is, to impose as heavy a burden
upon the people as they can bear. The expend-
itures are to be increased, while the Treasury is
full from the excess of the sales of the public
lands, beyond the wants of these settlers, and
the "surcharge " of the war taxes, in order to
I furnish an excuse for an increase of the taufT,
1 when the land fund shall be exhausted. They
seem to be unwilling the people shall be relieved
from the weight of taxation, lest, after enjoying
the comforts of a relief, they should lefuse to
I   submit to the burden again without a just cause.
', They seem fearful of the example of a strict
II  economy in our expenditures, and a relief from
! taxation,  lest  the   people   should insist   upon
a  rigid observance  of   the same   economy in
future.    It would seem there was a determined
Eurpose that the annual expenditures should not
e reduced to some twelve or ten millions of
dollars, (which I sincerely believe, with every
liberal allowance, is all that is actually needed
in time of peace,) because it would afford an ex-
ample dangerous to the existence of the "Amer-
ican system," so called, the parent of so much
extiavagance, the true essence of which, after
all that may be said to mystify the subject,
when it extends beyond the purposes of legiti-
mate revenue, is to take from the many and give
to the few; to enable one master manufacturer,
by the means of the bounty of Government in
favor of capital, to subject the labor of hundreds
to his sole benefit; to make one man immensely
1 rich, while the hundreds are poor; to enable one
master manufacturer to maka more clear profits
than a whole country of farmers and mechanics.
A judicious tariff, having for its object only a
revenue necessary for the legitimate and eco-
nomical wants of the Government, is not objec-
tionable; but its perversion to subserve unconsti-
tutional purposes is the wrong of which I com-
plain.
But, Mr. Chairman, for whatever extravagances
that are tolerated under this Government, this
House is accountable. It must ause from the
fatuity or unfaithfulness of those who are placed
here as sentinels to guard the rights of the people.
If their rights are impaired or suffered to be in-
vaded, we are accountable. We ought then to
see that not a dollar is taken from the people for
an unnecessary purpose; not a dollar should be
taken from the Treasuiy unless for an equivalent
in service; not an office should be created unless
demanded by the public necessity; no one should
be retained in office who does not maniftst a de-
votion to the public interest; and the public ser-
vant should not be allowed a higher reward for
his services than his master, with equal industry,
prudence, and economy.
By a system of unnecessary taxation and ex-
travagant expenditure, we may have what is
termed a splendid Government, but, as a neces-
sary consequence, a poor and oppressed people.
Where splendor begins liberty declines. They
both cannot subsist together. In coirupt and
despotic Governments the people are kept in awe
by splendor and feai. In this, country, however,
we at least profess to be governed by teason. The
majesty of our Government is justice, and its
splendor consists in its simplicity, and its guar-
anty of equal ughts and equal protection to all.
Every attempt to assimilate this chaste fabric of
civil liberty to the vices and corruptions of Eu-
rope, deforms the symmetry of its piopoi ions
and eveiy attempt at splendor at the sauifice of
the happiness and welfaie of the  people,   is a
wrong done to the memoiy of its founders!
_____________________^
FLOIUD \ WAR
REMARKS OF HON. R. M. JOHNSON,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the Holse op Representatives,
May 21, 1836,
On the bill to pay Money advanced by Charles-
ton and other Southern cities, to prosecute the
Florida war, Ac.
Mr. JOHNSON said, it is not to give utterance
to indignant feelings at the opposition to this
measure, that I now address the House. It is
not a party measuie which is befoie us, but a
measure which calls for concert of action with all
parties. It is a subject of too great importance to
admit of procrastination, by indulging in party
invectives. Our responsibilities are not to each
other, but to our constituents and to our country
Each member of this House holds the same rela-
tion to his immediate constituents, and I am will-
ing to refer the conduct of each to that tribunal.
The whole nation is interested m the couise pui-
sued by each member; and to the test of public
opinion throughout the whole country, each indi-
vidual must submit, whether the award be cen-
sure, or applause, there can be no evasion, no
appeal. It is our part to act, and the part of the
country to judge of our actions.
When this murderous, savage war broke out
in Florida, which has spread ruin and desolation
to many families, and half depopulated some
fair poitions of that flourishing Territory, the
hostile trump was heard from Charleston to
New Orleans, and the patriotic citizens of South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, and Louisiana, not
willing to wait the dull delays of this House for
authority, while their fellow-citizens were bleed-
ing under the scalping-kmfe of the savages, flew
to arms, and hastened to their protection. Tho
service was national. It was no moio incumbent
upon these States to protect Florida, than upon
other States, but without waiting to inquire
whether justice would be done by the nation,
they met the impending danger. They justly
rcgaided the citizens of that Teintory as a
branch of the American family; and that was
eiious;h to kindle in the bosoms of the chivalrous
southerners the file of Amo loan patriotism.
The palmetto was lost in the eagle' and his
talons weie stietched to grasp the hand which
was lifted against their countrymen. The bill
now before us makes provision to defray the ex-
pense. The emergency of the occasion did not
admit of hesitancy, and moneys weie advanced
in Charleston and other towns, in that and the
other States, to meet the exigency. The great
question now is, shall we authorize the pay-
ment' The honor and future safety of the coun-
tiy require that there shall be no hesitancy nor
delay. Even while we are wasting the time I y
cold deliberation upon the subject, the threaten-
ing danger upon the Georgia and Alabama fron-
tier may be bursting into a flame, and demanding
similar advances upon the credit of our sense of
national justice. An awful responsibility awaits
him who can make this the unfortunate occasion
for party crimination, for censures against the
Administration, and against the Committees of
Ways and Means, and on Military Affairs.   To
Eroduce delay by complaints of irregularity,
ecause the measure has been proposed by a
committee, without an order from the House, or
a reference from the House of an executive
communication, or by motions and debates in
favor of committal, is in effect to oppose the bill,
or at least to deprive it, without any countervail-
ing benefit, of much of its utility.
It is not the method of proceeding on ordinary
occasions, to start objections upon these grounds;
and how can it be reconciled toa proper sense ot
the duty which we owe the country in a case
like this, connected as it is with the Honda and
the Creek wars' I have been (said Mr. J.) a
member of Congress for many years, and tor
