1836.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
"¿4th Cono.... 1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. French.
Ho, of Reps.
store than twenty-ive yean have I been honored
as chairman of some important committee; and
dunu; 'he whole of that period, the present mode
of proceeding has been in pructin. Whatever
«ub<et t romes within (he general scope of dunes
for which a standing committee is appointed, as
well as subjects referred to them by the House,
it has W«n the uniform custom for the committee
to act upon, and report the result ol such action
to the House. This subject has in like manner
been deliberated upon by the committee, and the
result of that deliberation is presented in the bill
before us. It is «imply to retund what has been
liberally advanced in the hour of danger by those
patriotic States, at a time when the honor and
safety of our common country required the ad-
vance for the use of «he nation, before the na-
uonal coders could be unlocked for the purpose.
Whether that money was paid regularly, accord-
ing to specified forms, or not, or whether the
requisitions in which it was paid were drawn,
verbatim tt ¡Urrmttm, according to the usual forms,
i  to me a matter of no importance. If one of
your family is perishing with starvation, and
your fnend will purchase food for his relief, you
will not inquire into the form in which he made
the payment. It will be sufficient for you to
know that the benefit was received. So in this
caae, it is sufficient for me to know that the money
was advanced, that it waa expended in the pub-
he service, and that the country received its value.
Deeds of patriotism like this merit a public ac-
knowledgment, rather than a dull, protracted,
reluctant compliance with the imperative demand
of justice. We should faithfully and promptly
refund the last cent advanced in such a case.
We should do it, because it is the dictate of jus-
tice—because honor requires it—because the char-
acter of this House and of the whole nation
demands it. We should do it, to show to the
world that the impulse of patriotism is not de-
spised by a Republic; and to inspire in our citi-
zens a confidence that voluntary sacrifices in
the extremity of danger shall be cheerfully and
promptly remunerated.
The amendment proposed to the bill is merely
to explain a former law of a similar character. It
proposes to pay for the services of the volunteer
militia who were called into service by the com-
manding general in the first moments of the
Seminole war. The sudden rupture of the savages
was bke an unanticipated flame breaking out in
the midst of a city, which requires the immediate
exertions of the firemen to subdue A little delay
would involve the whole town in irrecoverable
rum. So the savages of the Indians, if permitted
to pursue the work of devastation till dispatches
would be sent to the seat of Government, and an
order issued from the Executii e for calling out the
militia, would have completed the work of de-
struction through the whole of the country where
it raged. The commanding general, as in duty
bound, called for m litia aid to check the ravages
of this desolating war, and the patriotic citizens
volunteered their services. They were gladly ac-
cepted. These are the citizen soldiers, who have
been bravuigthedangersandendunngthe storm of
that sanguinary conflict, Whose services have been
recognized by the Government, that the amend-
ment proposes to pay. They made the first sacri-
fice in the country'  defense, met the danger at the
threshold, and voluntarily pour> d out their blood
upon the altar of their suffering country. We
intended to provide for their pay, and thought we
had done so by a law already passed; but in the
multiplicity of business, there was an accidental
omission in the framing of the la* to meet their
case. The amendment proposed is only to give
such extent to the application of that law as to
*mbrsr< the caae of these men, and so carry into
tffpct our declared intention. Upon this bill and
this amendment, subject  as plainly just and as
clear to the understanding as the simplest propo-
sition that could be stau d, we are consuming the
day, and wasting the precious time of the House,
in animad tersion  that have no direct bearing upon
the subject. Is this the proper time for lntrodu-
cingfastidious complaint* and party denunciations
againxt the Administration of thf Gov<rnment>
Or are there no questions that can arise, even upon
the common measure of justice between citizens
and their Government, but whatmust be converted
into party strifes  Among other complaints, ím- '
putations have been made agonist those who are |
lomluihuí; the war in Florida, as if our regular
officers, whose business and whose dutv it is to
obey the orders of any Executive, were political
partisans. These censures arc, at least, prema-
ture. The officers of the regular Army are in
command tin re—men who, on former occasions,
have given incontestable proof of their valor, thtir
devouou to the country, and their capacity to
conduct military operations. Though at tins
distance it would appear that mort ought to have
been done, yet we are not aequainttd with all
the difficulties w Inch they may have had to en-
counter. The character which they have estab-
lished ought to be regarded as a pledge for their
good conduct in the present trial, and should at
least shield them from censure till all the tacts
are known; and if it shall then appear that they
have not done the best that could be done, of
which we have as yet no evidence, it will not
establish any charge against the volunteers who
have obeyed the laws of the country by placing
themselves under their command. The regular
army is otherwise provided for; this bill and its
amendment have reference only to the volunteer
nuliua. Look at their character, and we cannot
doubt their bravery nor their patriotism. The
southern volunteers have ever sustained the high
character of American soldiers. Their deep sense
of honor, their disregard of danger, their noble-
ness of soul in the camp, and their chivalry in
the field, are but their oommon characteristics;
and after volunteering their services to meet the
first shock of defensive war, we cannot presume
that they would prove recreant to everything dear
to themselves. We know they are incapable of
it. They have unfurled their country's banner,
and have marched under it, to defend it from in-
sult; and the result must show that they will
have sustained its honor. It is oar part to pro-
vide the means to pay them the pittance to which
their services ¿entitled them, and they will not be
sparing of their brood in the day of battle. Let
us pass the bill, with the proposed amendment,
without a moment's delay; and it will be time
enough for us to complain after we learn that
there is cause for complain*. Till evidence ap-
pears to the contrary, let us not indulge a suspi-
cion that an officer bearing m commission in the
American service, whether regular or militia, is
deficient either in courage or conduct. Com- I
plaints, in advance of evidence, are alike dishon-
orable to our country and to the feelings of our I
gallant officers and soldiers. Let us discharge
the debt of justice, and withhold our censures till
a knowledge of facts shall warrant them.
Much stress appears to be laid upon the fact,
that for this amendment, which provides for the
payment of the volunteers, no communication
has been made to the House by the Secretary of
War, recommending the measure, and that the
subject has not been specially referred to the com-
mittee by the House. It appears to be- a very
recent thing with some gentlemen, to have trans-
ferred all confidence from themselves to the Sec-
retary of War, so as to be incapable of acting
upon the most simple proposition without his
recommendation. I would remind them that the
proposed amendment is founded on official m-i
formation from the War Department, that the
men who claim the pay have faithfully served
their country as represented, and that no provi-
sion m made by which they can receive their pay.
Now, sir, where is the independence of the mem- ,
bers of this body, if they cannot act upon their
own responsibility in matters of plain justice?
When all the facts are before us, must we fear to
act without the direction of an executive officer
to govern us in legislation, and bear the respons-
ibility of our measures' Our constitutional duty
is to legislate; and that of an executive officer
to execute the law. When all the facts are made
known to us, we must act upon our own respons-
ibility; and, right or wrong, we must bear that
responsibility, whether recommended or not. In
the case now before us, there is no imposition,
no deception. It is a plain proposition, founded
on plain matters of fact, and the House must adopt
or reject it. We must, in the case, do justice, or
withhold the demands of justice; and every mem-
ber will act upon his own responsibility.
It is wise, on ordinary occasions, to refer prop-
ositions to committees, that the information out
of which they grow, and their minute details, may
be more thoroughly investigated, but the deci-
sions of committees are always subject to the
House, and it is the right of any member to pro-
pose amendments to measures reported to the
House by committees.     The practice has ever
Grovailed, and to be deprived of this right would
e to fetter legislation with a clog which it could
never bear.
Independence in legislation by the representa-
tives of the sovereign people 11 of the first im-
portance to the preservation of our liberties. It
is in this House that their voice is more immedi-
ately heard, than in any other branch of our Gov-
ernment. Its value cannot be over estimated, nor
its dignity too carefully preserved. The most
sacred regard to justice should characterize all its
measures It is a convention of the nation itself;
and upon the purity, the intelligence, and the in-
dependence of this House, more than upon any
other department of Government, the liberties of
this nation, the last hope of man, essentially de-
pend.
It is always with reluctance that I trespass
upon the time of the House; but in defense of the
Military Committee, from whom the measure-
emanated, I have been compelled to submit these
remarks.
DEFENSE OF THE ADMINISTRATION.
SPEECH OF HON. R. FRENCH,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the Honra of RepresemtativEs,
May 12, 1836,
In Uomauttse of ibe Whole oa the state of the Union, «pon
the Fortification bin, and me amendment offered by the
Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Cambuuito] proposing an appropriation of $700,000 for
the armament ef Fortifications.
Mr. FRENCH said:
Mr. Chairman: I am happy in having ob-
tained the floor, not that I am vain enough to sup-
pose that anything that I could say would be
either new or interesting to the members of this
committee, but because the subject embraced in
the bill under consideration is one of the first im-
portance to this country, and because the oppor-
tunity is now afforded nte of presenting to my
constituents and to the nation my views in rela-
tion to some of the prominent measures of public
policy called for by the exigency of the times.
Sir, no one has addressed the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the_ Union, or the House,
this session, whose situation presents a stronger
appeal to the indulgence and patience of the com-
mittee than does that of the humble individual
who now addresses you—an appeal which I am
sure will not be made iri vain on this occasion.
The invaluable maxim, coeval with the existence
of this Government, recommended by the Father
of his Country, and whose moral force ought
now to influence us all, " In peace prepare for
war," demands our first notice; a cherished
maxim, indeed, but one which, during the pres-
ent session, has received from honorable mem-
bers different versions; a maxim, sir, which will
never benefit this country unless its warning voice
be heeded by Congress. My interpretation of its
meaning is, that in time of peace, observing a
proper scale of economy, and not forgetting the
nature and genius of our free institutions, you
are to apply so much of the public revenue to ob-
jects of national defense as will, in case war
come, place our country m a situation, with the
least possible cost and the greatest efficiency, to
defend itself from all harm. Not, sir, that the
President of the United States, or those friendly
to his administration, cherish the visionary ex-
pectation, or subscribe to the exceptionable pol-
icy (attributed to him by some) of placing a
breastwork of fortifications along our whole sea-
coast Such a system of defense would lead to a
large standing army in time of peace, always dan-
ferous to liberty and to increased taxation, to
oth of which measures I stand opposed, a sys-
tem, too, sir, which, if put into execution, would
cost a larger sum of money than the whole amount
