380
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 12
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. French.
Ho. of Reps.
of revenue to be collected by this Government
for the next fifty years to come.
But, sir, although we cannot indulge a belief
that this enlarged system of national defense, even
if it were sound policy to adopt it, will, or ought
to prevail; yet then is a system of national de-
fenses, within the reach of the Government and
its means, which conns recommended to us by
the past history and policy of this country. It
consists in the gradual increase of your Navy; in
the repair and a¿ nament of your existing fortifi-
cations, in the construction of others at those
great commercial points, and other important and
exposed positions upon our sea-board, where in
case of war an enemy would seek to land, and
where, if he should land, he could do us the great-
est injury; in keeping in good repair your military
posts, in ¿lie construction of others where mostly
needed on your frontiers, and m so organizing and
training the militia ot the States as to give to them
the greatest possible efficiency in time of war.
\ es, sir, the citizen-soldiers of this Union consti-
tute its greatest bulwark of defense. But to
realize the full measure of benefits from them, it
is necessary that they should be taught a knowl-
edge of military tactics and of improved discipline.
One of the great and peculiar excellencies of our
Government is, that whilst it looks to your citi-
zens as its greatest military strength and security,
it makes its appeal to them, upon all occasions,
by addressing all the motives for which freemen
ought to desire to live.
Sir, I beg leave to read to the committee a com-
munication from the Secietary of War, made to
the Hon. C. C. Cambreleng, Chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means, on the 21st
January, 1836, and printed by the order of the
House:
" ARMAMENT TOR THE FORTIFICATIONS.
" Sir I have toe honor to inclose, for the consideration
of the Committee on Ways and Means, an estimate pre-
pared by the Colonel of the Ordnance Department, of the
lunds which appear to be necessary to be appropriated for
the armament of the fortification  for the present year
Tin  estimate is based upon two proposition —first, that it
may be necessary to mount two thousand sit hundred and
seventy nine cannon, in which case an appropriation ot
SI 381,314 will be required, and, secondly, that the number
ol cannon wanted will be two thousand tour hundred and
lorn-lour, and in which case the appropriation required
«ill be§1,2-24,301. My own opinion is, that the smaller
amount, viz $1,924,301, is the one which it would be
proper to appropnate, ind this «urn includes the estimate
ot $-200,000, alreadv submitted to the committee for the ar-
mament ot the fortifications But all the other estimates
of the Ordnance Department will remain for the consider-
ation of the committee, as thougli thi- increase had not bten
asked for I am instructed bv the President to «ay, that he
has examined and approves this estimate, and directs that
it be transmitted to the committee for then* examination and
decision "
I also hold in my hand, Mr. Chan man, a letter
from the Secretary of "War, on the armament of
fortifications, dated May 2,1836, and printed by
order of the House, inclosing a communication
from the Inspector Geneial's office, from which
I beg leave also to read the following extract:
"Sir In answer to the communication ot the Hon C C
Cawbrele-vg, dated 29th ultimo, referred to this office, I
would make the following report. To the mquirv as to the
number ol cannon necessary warm the fortifications which
are now in readiness to receive them, or which will be in
readiness in the course of a j ear, I would answer, to com-
plete the armamentof the forts now in readiness, and those
which might be placed in readiness m the course ot a y^-ir,
would require about two thousand four hundred guns and
would cost, exclusive of what lias already been expended,
about ;$1,200,000 This sum, however, includes the exp„nse
of carriages, one hundred rounds of ammunition of every de
«enption for each gun and carriage If this sum (-jl 200,000)
had been appropriated in January or February last, so as to
have enabled the Ordnance Department to have made its
contracts earlier in the season, the whole sum might have
been properly expended within the present year But as
the season for making contracts to advantage has fir ad
lanced, both as it regards materials and workmen, I do not
believe that more than ||600,000 could be advantageously
or Judiciously expended within the year But to avoid
herejfter unnecessary delay and to enable the Department
to carry on its operations economieallj, and without inter-
ruption throughout the present and coming year, I will
recommend that at least fifty per centum be added to the
above sum, whieh would increase the amount to $900,000 "
Sir, a soldier without arms cannot fight—your
fortifications without guns are useless. Unless
your fortifications are kept in good repair and
armed, the millions of money expended by the
Government for th< ir construction are lost to the
country. I therefore, sir, have felt it my duty
this session to vote for your Navy bill, your
Army bill, and shall vote for your foi tification
bill.   The loss of the fortification bill at the close
of the last session imposes upon us the double ,
duty to pass this.                                                         ¡
Mr. Chairman, my honorable colleague, [Mr.
Ali en,] who opened the discussion upon the
Kentucky resolutions, was pleased to summon
to the bar of his judgment the President of the
United States and Ins administration, for trial. As
all trials imply the obligation to administer justice,
and justice alone, I did expectitfiom him. In this
reasonable expectation, however, I was disap-
pointed. The President and his administration
were held up before the House and the people as
a glaring example of violated pledges solemnly
made, and a sweeping sentence of condemnation
pronounced against him in his official capacity
and his administration. Sn, I have no right to
complain, and do not complain that my colleague
exercised a right which belonged to him, of
freely and fully examining into the official con-
duct of the Chief Magistrate, and the principles
and policy of his administration. The right
exercised by him is essential to the maintenance
of civil liberty and of free government. But I
complain of the injustice done to the President
and his administration by my colleague, in having
most carefully avoided to tell the House, or
the people, of a single good act that he had done.
Both sides of a case, sir, ought to be presented,
if justice be the object. My colleague, there-
fore, ought to have sent out the good fruits of
the Administration with those which he alleged
to be evil. That course would have recommended
his exposé to the ready acceptance of the people
from its intrinsic and obvious fairness, and have
conducted them to a more satisfactory and cor-
rect conclusion of the character of the present
Administration, and of the principles and policy
upon which the General Government has been
administered. As, however, the object of my
colleague seems to have been to call down upon
the Administration popular disfavor, and as I am
one of those who, at an early day, in Kentucky,
became the supporter of the present Executive,
and in that character, in common with his other
friends, am embraced in the sentence pronounced,
I must be allowed in self-defense to vindicate
myself and the Administration from its effects,
to send along some of the good with the evil, and
thereby do myself at least that justice to which I
consider myself entitled. In doing so, Mr.
Chairman, I shall follow the example of my hon-
orable colleague, and carefully abstain from all
personality whatever, either towards him or any-
body else.
In the commencement of his attack, he read to
to the House an extract from the letter written
by General Jackson, as far back as the 12th of
November, 1816, to the Hon. James Monroe, in
which the General informs Mr. Monroe, " now
is the time to exterminate that monster called
party spirit." In which he also said. " by select-
ing characters most conspicuous tor their pi obity,
virtue, capacity, and firmness, withoutany íegard
to party, you will go far to, if not entirely eradi-
cate, those feelings which, on former occasions,
thruw so many obstacles in the way of Govern-
1 ment, and perhaps have the pleasure and honor of
I uniting a people heretofoie politically divided.
The Chief Magistrate of a great and powerful
nation ought never to indulge in party feelings "
Sir, the letter from which the extract just read is
taken is lengthy, and a correct knowledge of its
true character cannot be had, without knowing
more of its contents and objects than the extract
read by my colleague or myself presents. I there-
fore beg leave to trouble the committee with lead-
ing more of it.
" Sir, permit me to introduce to your notice Lieutenant
Gadsden, who will hand you this letter, and who is also the
bearer ot the treaties lately concluded with the Creeks,
Ohickasaws, and Cherokee's
" In my last to you, I took the liberty of drawing your
attention to the benefits that would result, both to the
Treasury of the United States, and the dPtense ot the
Lower Mi-sissippi and its dependencies, by bringing into
market those tracts ot country acquired by the treaties
above named t am so deeply impressed w ith the import-
ance of this subject, that I eannot forego the piesent op-
portunity of again bringing it to jour view I have this
moment written the Comptrolk r on this highly interest-
ing and important business If the plin proposed is adopt
ed, the land can ho brought into market in a very shoit
time, which will immediately give to that section of coun
try a strong and permanent settlement of American citi-
zens, competent to its defense. Should the Government
divide the surveyor's district as proposed, and appoint
General Coffee surveyor of the northern, lus energy and
industry will bring it all into market in June next Miould
the district be divided as contemplated, and General Coffee
appointed survejor, it will open the appointment ot re-
ceiver of public moneys, heretofore promised to the Gen-
eral, which vacancy I warmly recommend to be hlkd by
Lieutenant Gadsden, who, owing to the late, indeed, I
might «ly present delicate state of his health, is desirous of
resigning his appointment in the Army In this, as in all
my recommend «ions, I have the public good in view "
After making some other remarks in the letter,
n further commendation of Lieutenant Gadsden,
he proceeds:
" Being deeply impressed with the importance of another
subject, which relates to yourself, as well as the Govern-
ment, I hope I may be permitted once more to obtrude my
opinions In filling the vacancy occasioned b\ the trans
fer ot Mr. Craw ford from the W ar Office to tilt Troasurj ,
it is ot the highest moment that some proper and fit person
should be selected; your happiness and the nation's wel-
fare materially depend upon the selections whieh are tobe
mide to fill the heads ot Departments I need not tell you
that feuds exist, and have existed, to an injurious degree,
in the northern army To fill the Department of War w ith
a character who has taken a part in those feuds, or whose
feelings have been enlisted on the side of party, will be
adding fuel to flame, which, for the good of the service al
ready burns too fiercely This and other considerations
induced me to enter on the inquiry for a character best
calculated to fill that Department, it has resulted in the
selection of Colouel William Drayton. Since mv last to
vou, in which the subject was then named. General Ripley
has arrived here, who heartily concurs in the opinion that
Colonel Drayton is the best selection that can be made
" Pardon me, my dear sir, for the following remarks con-
cerning the next presidential term , they are made with the
sincerity and freedom of a friend I cannot doubt they
will be received with feelings similar to those which have
impelled me to make them Everything depends upon
the selection of your ministry In every selection, party
and party feeling should be avoided Now is the time to
exterminate that monster, called party spirit," &e
Now, Mr. Chairman, I ask you and the com-
mittee, what is the true character of this letter,
breathing, as it does, the spirit of an exalted
patriotism ' Let the objects that its writer had in
view determine its character; and what are they'
1. The speedy bringing into market those tracts of
country lately acquired by the treaties above named;
and for what purpose ' To promote the benefits
that would result both to the Treasury of the United
States and the defense of the lower JVTississippi and its
dependencies—to gne to that section of country a
stt ong and permanent settlement of American citi-
zens competent to its defense. 2 To promote the
appointment of General Coffee and Lieutenant
Gadsden to the offices named. And, 3. To induce
Mr. Monroe to appoint Colonel Drayton Secre-
tary of War, and to give his advice to Mr. Mon-
roe upon the selections which were to be made by him
to fill the heads of Departments, remarking to him
that everything depends on the selection of your mm-
istiy. And the letter then concludes with a few
general obseivations inforcing the advice given.
Yes, sir, the late war with Great Britain had
then lately terminated, leaving a load of debt
upon the nation to pay. General Jackson was
desirous of raising means to discharge it, and, at
the same time, to promote the íapid settlement of
the -western lands, with a view to the growth and
prosperity of the western country and its defense
against the savages. Well might he say, he had
" the public good in view."
Sir, all statesmen of all parties, as far as I know,
concede the right to the President to si lect from
the rinks of his political friends his Cabinet, the
heads of Departments. They are his constitu-
tional adviscis in the administration of the ex-
ecutive department of the Government; and to
render his Administration prosperous, harmony
in the Cabinet is indispensable. " How can two
walk together, except they be agreed'" It is
true; sir, that all the citizens of the United States
are equally eligible to office, and entitled to equal
benefits from the Government. I have inquired
of some of the most intelligent citizens of _this
city into the comparative number of Federal
offices held by Opposition men in this city and in
the United States, and of those held by f«ends
to the Administration, and I am informed, and
believe, a majority of the offices in this city are
m the hands of Opposition men,* and, consider-
ing the numerical stiength of parties, that the
Opposition have then due proportion, if not more,
* Strength of parties ,n the public offices atWash.njrton
at the commencement ot 18J1, was-Opposition, 1 -3, Jack-
son, 140 , majority, 33.
