1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
íMth Cono.... 1st Sess.
S,r, 1 shall not follow the example of some cen-
!',•■-'. :i who, instead of discussing the fortification
b.'i, l-ave made it the occasion of ¡joinsr ¡it large
i-- i « '.i;'t 'seaMed the distribution of the surplus
r,M .i nc That is n subject of magnitude, in itself
s,.r".-:. |it t">r a separate discussion. I will, how-
f\-'. < •'. take occasion to snv, iluit if a bill were
!!!'••>uliic- (I to distribute anioiij: the States, accord-
ing t ■> tH-ir K.-d'-ral Representative nutnber, the
r,-\i-mi' o >!!• it>d in the form nf duties, I should
|v e^miv'led to vote against it. In order to ex-
imo tv my meaning, sir, I will suppose the form
of a ie,'!,embracing a principle for which I would
not and could not vote, vir:
■ Pf:' '*,tY<~<H 'he StnatrmJ HoHsro/Rrprrsmtattrrtof
(ic- rn-tM Sfjfct or .-Iwiertoi in t'ongress iissemWof, Thai
ii,.iiTim -n «¡.ti, *>'.i"i>) 5li ll bo unuiedMtt-ly collected
f em tbc | o(il<' o; ilic Star.'.-, according to their r'tvleral
Kr ■¡ho—'nu'of ti'iin'i.-rs, to ! ■ di«tnbu'<>d hack to the poo-
p ■ et the Srat -s nun «horn it urns collected, according to
the sun' ratio Providr4, kowrrtr. Thai beiore the disla-
tiu.ioii «hall tiike p ace under tins net, the cost- incident to
.!•■ . •!!« t >n auid distribuí!,>u -Hall first be deducted out of
th- -.ni- "
S r, such a bill would introduce upon the people
«or :•<• ■>!.• wholly inconsistent with all in v notions
c; •]:■' purpos. s tor which the power of taxation
 s* coi •'rred iiiion Congress — a principle (if
s':-h :t can be call' d> which, in its effects, would
g.\ •> t > Congress unlimited power over the for-
t i::--< ar.d property of every citizen of the United
S:a'-'-, aiil, ::";•>-tic tically executed, would paralyze
tV arm of ¡r.dus'rv and subject the people of the
S'at-s n intolerable oppression and impoverish-
Bi'vr. f-T. sir, if Congress could collect a direct
tax of «¿.Tí),000.000 for such a purpose, she could
?■>!!• ct ¡or the same purpose any amount she
pVa«cd. I therefore contend the Constitution
rc-.f rs no power on Congress to collect a direct
tax fr such a purpose. A tax collected in the
firm of diries is also collected from the people
of-h-' Sta'es, under that clause in the Consutution
whi'-h declares—
•• The Con re<  «hall hive power to lay and collect taxes,
dii'ic. nnpn-t-, nnd ctci-ws—to pay the debts, and provide
for tie common defense and eencral welfare of the United
Stair*; but all ifmies, impo-u*, and excuses shall be uniform
throughout the tinted Slates."'
And how is it collected from the people ? I
answer, n the price they pay for all imported arti-
ces purchased by them for family use, on which
dutiesare payable. As then a direct tax,andatax
in the form of duties, are collected under the reve-
nue power above quoted, they both stand upon
th-: same ground, and can only be levied for na-
tional objects, defined in the Federal Constitution.
Neither can be collected to be distributed to the
Stales, or the people of the States, without a vio-
lariuii of that instrument. I therefore will never
give rav sanction to the introduction of such  
pr.ncipie. But, sir, the friends of distribution of
the net proceeds of the public lands claim to
derive 'heir power to distribute the game from
the ¡VIowing clause of the Constitution:
■■ The Coiurrt'M shall have power to dispose of, and make
all n""dfu! rule* and regulation- re«prctint, the territory or
oüi r property belongim: to the United States."
It is not mv purpose, however, now to go into
the subject of distribution. I will, therefore,
merely observe, that what I have felt it my duty to
«ay in reply to my colleague is not, in anv degree,
intended to qualify or weaken the remarks which
I had the honor to make a few days since upon
the subject of the distribution of the net proceeds
of the public lands, when the amendmentoffered
by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mercer]
to the civil list bill was pending. I then spoke of
the net proceeds of the public lands only, and
not of the revenue collected in the form of du-
ties; and lest it might be thought I would dis-
tribute to the States the duties, I have given this
explanation.
In presenting this view, Mr. Chairman, of what
the Administration has done for the country, I
have only performed my duty. I do not seek to
become the defender, the apologist, or even the
eulogist of the Administration or its acts. They
speak for themselves, and need not my feeble de-
fense, nor the defense of any other man, to sustain
the m.
Sir, we know it is no easy task to administer
the General Government to the satisfaction of
all; and when we consider the untiring and re-
lentless character of the opposition encountered
by General Jackson ever since hi  election as
Pay of Militia—Mr. Ward.
Chief Magistrate, and the difficulties through
which he has waded, it becomes a matter of as-
tonishment that he has done as well as he has.
1 never expect to see any Administration exempt
from errors and imperfections. Neither do I
claim to exhibit this as perfect; but I claim for it,
before its condemnation, a lair and just trial. It
was predicted, sir, before his election to the office
of Chief Magistrate, that he would involve the
nation in war with some of the civilized Powers
of the earth. That prediction has failed—we are
at peace with all civilized nations. Our commer-
cial relations are most prosperous—the rights
and honor of the nation respected, and its char-
acter abroad exalted. Sir, we owe it to ourselves
to cherish and cultivate a state of peace with
foreign Powers—the mild and pacific character
of our institutions is favorable toa state of peace.
Yes, sir, ours is the land of equal rights—of civil
and religious liberty. What nation so blessed
with all that is good and great! Ought we not
then so to live as to evince our gratitude for the
rich provision—as to transmit through all time, to
our latest posterity, these inestimable blessings
in all their purity; to infuse, by our example, the
spirit of liberty to every nation, until they, like
ourselves, shall break the fetters by which they
are enslaved, and reach the summit of political
happiness — freedom of thought, freedom of
speech, freedom of conscience, and freedom of
action, fortified and secured by free government,
based upon the will of the people?
PAY OF MILITIA.
REMARKS OF HON. AARON WARD,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
May 21,1836,
On the " Bill to provide for the payment of expenses in-
curred and supplies furnished on account of the Militia
received into tt]e service of the United States for the de-
fense of Florida."
Mr. WARD said he regretted that there was
not a quorum present, so that the question could
be taken.    He would not detain the House with
any remarks; but he felt that being a member of i
the Committee on Military Affairs,which reported
the bill, and which, as it had been allegeai had
acted in this instance without authority, he should
do injustice to himself, as well as to the other >
members of the committee, if he remained silent.
The gentleman from Maine, he said, had moved
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Military
Affairs, by which it had been reported.    What
was the bill as it was originally reported.'  and
what was the reason for  which   the gentleman
wished it recommitted?   The bill, he said,simply
directed the Secretary of War to cause to be paid |
the expenses that have been incurred and the sup-
plies that have been furnished, in the States of >'■
South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana,   ;
and the Territory of Florida, on account of the   j
militia  received  into the service of the United
States for the defense of Florida, provided that
the accounts of these claims be examined and   '
audited at the Treasury, as in other cases.
On the 23d of April last the bill was reported
to the House.    It was not, as had been said by
the gentleman from Massachusetts,  [Mr. Lin-
coln,] an appropriation bill.    It was simply ex-  i
planatory of an appropriation bill already passed,
and made no appropriation whatever.    "What (he
asked) was the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Florida?   It was, if he understood
it as he heard it read, that the troops ordered out,
not by the Department of War, but by Generals
Clinch  and Hernandez, and the Governor of
Florida, and regularly received into the service
and mustered, and duly discharged, should be
paid for their services.    In consequence of the
! distance of the seat of war from this place, it was
! impossible to communicate to the Government,
! and yet orders for calling out the troops, in sea-
| son to protect  the  frontier—he would not say
i against a savage foe, because gentlemen dislike
| to hear on this floor, on an appropriation bill,
any reference to them,or to their scalping-knives
or tomahawks having been raised against our
defenseless inhabitants on that frontier—but he
Ho. of Reps.
would say, with the permission of those gentle-
men, that we do know that the Indians rose in
arms, and before it was possible to communicate
with the Secretary of War, to obtain the requi-
site order under the law which provides for call-
ing forth the militia for the defense of the country,
it was necessary to order out forces, which
promptly repaired to the scene of hostilities.
These facts had been made known to the com-
mittee by the Governor of the Territory, by the
Secretary of War, and by the gentleman who
represents the Territory in this House.
But we have been told that this House would
i be wanting in self-respect, if it sanctioned the
Eractice which had but recently been commenced
y the heads of Departments, in addressing com-
munications on any subject to the chairmen of
several standing committees. We have been
gravely admonished, that these communications
should come throug h the Executive to the Speaker,
and by him submitted to the House for its action.
This practice, which gentlemen now complain of,
has existed from the first organization of the
Government to the present time. It has long
been, and still is, the practice of the committee 
of both branches of Congress to direct their
chairmen, or some one of the members of the
committee, whenever they derive any informa-
tion which can be obtained from either of the
heads of Departments, to call upon them for such
information; and these communications are usually
appended to, and form a part of, their report, as
will be seen by referring to the printed reports
of committees. Any other course to obtain that
sort of information would be attended with seri-
ous inconvenience and great delay in transacting
the public business.
An objection has been urged against this bill
and the amendment of the gentleman from Florida,
on the ground that the House has no information
thata war now exists, but mere rumors, newspaper
reports, or private letters. Not one word of in-
formation had been received, as had been alleged
by gentlemen, through the proper channel, the
Executive, in relation to the existence of Indian
hostilities.
Such, however, is not the case, as was justly
observed by the honorable gentleman from Flor-
ida, [Mr. White.] That honorable gentleman
stated, that more than three months ago a com-
munication was sent to this House by the Exec-
utive, and printed, and laid upon members' tables,
stating all the correspondence with the official
agents of the Government, and causes of the war.
The objection made to this bill, that the subject
had not been brought before the House, upon a
recommendation of the President, comes strangely
from the Opposition members, who are, and long
have been, opposing the Administration, on the
ground of executive usurpation, and declaring
against executive patronage; yet now fold their
arnis, and wish to submit everything to executive
dictation, and say they can do nothing till the
Executive makes known his opinion. This is
circumscribing executive power in a remarkable
way: it is, in effect, placing in that officer the
entire control of the foreign and domestic policy
of the country. It is making him the sole judge
and organ of all measures of precaution and
defense. If he neglects his duty, or shrinks from
assuming the responsibility, which he has never
yet done, Congress can do nothing; and between
the two, the country must go undefended.
This is a doctrine to which he was not willing
td submit. High as was his opinion of the indi-
vidual who now fills the executive chair, and
much as he venerated that clearness and decision
of intellect by which he is distinguished, he
would not consent to divest this House of what
he considered the most important of its privi-
leges. And so long as he had a seat in the
House, and saw a bill which he considered to be
called for and necessary for the public good, he
should vote for it, whether it had been submitted
to or approved by the Executive or not. He felt
it to be his duty to throw out these ideas for the
consideration of the House, in reply to the ob-
servation of the gentleman from Maine; andas
he could himself see no necessity for the refer-
ence, he hoped the House would adopt the
amendment, and direct the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time.
