1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—J\Ir. Towns.
Ho. of Reps.
lawless outrages on the rights of others—to invade
our sh.irt s an J destroy the property of our citi-
i.i's.   You have Ivfi admonished by the Father
of:iis Country, that '• in p< ace prepare for war,"
and tins max m, delivered by one whose mem-
ory, so ch -ris'ied by a'l, has Wen uniformly im-
priss; d i:p->;i t'ie attention of Congress through
every Adiinnistin'.ion, so  far as my researches
extend, except that of Mr. Jefferson, and is now
recommended and enforced  by a recurrence to
our s;tuati >:i by the present Executive, of whom
it may U' said  that there lives not the man on
this continent whose experience and penetration
on this subject entitle his opinion to more respect
and attention.    Sir, he has, in his last message,
called the attention of Congress to the subject of
our defense.    In adverting to the fact that the
gathering storm, which had for the preceding
twelve months been lowering over us, had passed
away, leaving our horizon clear, unclouded, and
serene,  with  ample  means  and  abundance of
materials and leisure  to carry on a system of
defense, he has indulged the hope that he might
press the subject without the danger of being
misunderstood, and from considerations of patri-
otism alone.  There have been studied and labored
effirts made by honorable gentlemen  to make
this system of defense, as recommended by the
present Administration,unpopular, on theground
that it was establishing a large standing army in
time of peace, dangerous to our liberties, fatal to
our prosperity, and in utter disregard of that plain
system  of republican  simplicity, so  much the
admiration,  either actual   or  professed,   of all
parties.    Sir,  misrepresentation  on  this point,
both as to motive and effect, were little less than
any man who has observed the course of debate
during the present session could expect.   Yet I
could but fee! some little astonishment when the
honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Bell]
assumed  the  broad ground that the_ course of
policy, as contained in the appropriation bills of
the present Congress, was, in principle, identical
with the policy of the odious part of the Admin-
istration of the   elder Adams.    Sir, my valued
friend from Virginia [Mr. Garla.vd] answered
the argument of the gentleman fcom Tennessee
[Mr. Bell] so conclusively on this point, that I
will, at this time, forbear further notice of that
charge, but reserve for another part of my remarks
an answer to some of the many errors in which I
apprehend the honorable gentleman [Mr. Bell]
has fallen.    For one, I am willing to admit there
is  a secret joy, a feeling truly national, that
springs up in my bosom, at the contemplation
of that period when these United States, as one
family, protected in our domestic and Federal
relations, bypreservingunimpairedtheguarantees
of the Constitution, will be able to look to her
entire frontier, and be prepared, by her means of
defense, to stand upon herown border and bid
defiance to all the Powers of the earth that would
dare pollute our sacred soil with invasion.
Now, sir, does it necessarily follow, for the
purpose to which I have alluded, that you are to
plant your forts at every harbor and inlet on your
Atlantic and gulf frontier ? No, sir, so far as
that particular arm of the national defense is con-
cerned, I would only propose that your large
commercial cities, and the inlets to those harbors
where your Navy can ride in safety, should be
protected by forts that would prevent the possi-
bility of surprise by a superior naval force. But,
sir, it is not forts alone, judiciously arranged and
Flaced at commanding points, that I desire to see.
t is the increase of your Navy, so that the com-
merce of the country may be safe in every sea
and in every clime; that the product of the hus-
bandman, when sent to seek a foreign market, is
not to be rendered valueless because of the danger
of seeking that market. No, sir, let every branch
of industry receive equal protection; let the great
interest of your planter be secured by the pro-
tection which your Navy ought to afford; for it
is in vain to speak of commerce, it is in vain to
tell me that the producer of the staple articles of
this country is not deeply and vitally interested
in strengthening the naval arm of your defense,
so that the dangers of commerce, which tend to
lessen the value of the article in the home market,
should not be diminished by the want of that pro-
tection which can alone be extended by a wise
No. 25
application of your public treasure to place your '
Navy in a position of strength that will command
the respect of the world. Sir, it is folly to have '
a Navy unless you, by means of fortifications, so
protect your harbors that that Navy will lie safe
from the attack of a superior force. And yet a
system, so moderate in itself, aiming at no other
end than to give greater security to every interest
of every citizen of these united States, has been
denounced as a system intended to enslave them
and entail upon them the evils of heavy taxation.
Sir, I will not further trouble the committee on
this point; I should feel humbled, I should feel
as if I had betrayed the interest of my constit-
uents, were I to return home and tell them, that
under the most favorable circumstances, and with
an overflowing Treasury, I had failed to support
the only measure that would make them pros-
perous in peace, and safe in war. I have endeav-
ored to offer some reasons to the committee to
show that it is our first duty to place the country
in a proper state of defense. I have treated that
branch of the question as a whole, without at-
tempting to discriminate between the points ne-
cessary and proper for the defense on the one
hand, or the equality or inequality in the public
disbursements, in a geographical point of view,
on the other. These are considerations that never
can operate upon my mind in determining upon
a system of public works, which in order to re-
ceive general approbation must be established
upon principles of equal justice.
I will now, Mr. Chairman, proceed to show
that while the public treasure is quite sufficient
for all the purposes of a wise system of national
defense, no mistake is greater, none that has re-
ceived a wider range of circulation than that we
shall have a surplus of from thirty to fifty mil-
lions on the 1st of January, 1837.   I have no such
fears as many gentlemen have expressed, either
as to the amount of the surplus or the danger to
which our institutions are to be exposed from the
supposed corrupting influence of any accumula-
tion of money that may be in our Treasury. Sir,
my apprehensions are of a very different charac-
ter.  There is something to dread from that rest-
less anxiety created by continual excitement on
almost every subject.    There may be hereafter
abundant cause for sympathy for those gentle-
men who have again and again announced to the
American people that their money had accumu-
lated, and was accumulating, in the public Treas-
ury to the amount of fifty  millions above the
wants of the Government.    It may be, sir, that
there will arise in the bosom of that people who
are thus informed a curiosity to inquire, and a
spirit to know, by what means and by whose
system of public policy it was that this money
has been thus unnecessarily taken from  their
pockets.    It may happen, sir, that the spirit of
inquiry, honest, indignant inquiry, may still go
further.     It may occur to our constituents, in
such an investigation, that the very party—nay,
more, the combination of parties, that are now
proclaiming the existence of millions of surplus
revenue in the Treasury, are the very men, the
very party—yes, sir, the combination of parties,
that originated, cherished, and sustained the sys-
tem, by the operation of which alone the surplus
of the people's money, which they now propose
to return back by the way of distribution among
the several States of the Union, has been pro-
duced.  Sir, let no man here or elsewhere deceive
himself by attempting to mislead others.   The
American people will ask the question—common
sense dictates, common justice requires, and com-
mon honesty would give a plain answer to it—
;  From whence arose this enormous surplus? Did
itcomeoutof the pockets of the people? Ifitdid,
'.  why did you exact of us more than you wanted
I  for the use of the Government?   Why demand
in advance our substance, our money, and the
;| proceeds of our industry?   Let the politicians
who say there are countless  millions  now to
¡' divide and enrich the people, march up to these
questions, and give them a plain answer. Sir, the
people are not to be deceived by those professions
of friendship and kindness. We have heard much
about the people's rights being violated, disre-
garded, and trampled under foot by withholding
from them this surplus revenue.    Hut gentlemen
should remember that by these professions they
virtually plead guilty to the charge of unjustly
exacting from the people any amount they now
propose to return. It is in vain for gentlemen to
shift ground, and charge the state of things they
have chosen to assume as true upon any regular
operation of our system of government. Such a
charge, no matter from what quarter made, would
receive the prompt refutation of every candid and
patriotic bosom.
But, Mr. Chairman, let us consult the best
sources of information, not only to ascertain the
probable amount of revenue we may have on 1st
January, 1837, but the causes that have led to the
increase of that revenue for the last two years,
and examine with fairness and candor the prob-
able operation of events upon the sources of rev-
enue. It is well known that our revenue is prin-
cipally derived from the sales of our public lands,
and from duties imposed upon foreign merchan-
dise; and if it can be shown that there has been
an unusual importation of dutiable goods, and an
unexampled sale of the public lands within the
two last years, it will follow that no prudent
financier will take the revenue of those two years
as the basis of his calculation for any period here-
after, unless it can be shown that the same causes
that produced the increase for the last two years,
will continue to exist, and have the same effect
for the time to come.
Sir, the amount of goods paying duties im-
ported in the year 1834 was $47,000,000, and the
amount for 1835 was $66,000,000, making a dif-
ference of $19,000,000 of dutiable goods between
the years 1834 and 1835. What is the fact ex-
hibited by the sales of the public lands ? In 1834,
your sales amounted to $4,887,600, and in 1835,
swelled to the enormous sum of $14,757,600,
showing a difference of nearly ten millions in the
amount of the sales of public, lands alone in the
two last years. In 1833, the actual receipts in the
Treasury from all sources were $33,960,203 ;du ring
the year 1834, the actual receipts from all sources
were $21,791,935. In 1835, the actual amount
of revenue from all sources was $34,913,755. I
have presented these facts with the view, Mr.
Chairman, of showing the rapid changes that take
place in the amount of dutiable goods imported
within the last two years, to show the difference
of revenue for those years, and to give some reason
in explanation of the sudden increase of the last
year. I should not make the slightest allusion
to a fact so well understood by this committee,
but for the purpose of establishing a proposition
which I had promised to maintain.
The character of the American merchant is as
well established for promptness of action as for
quickness of conception, and no sooner did the
relations between this Government and Fiance
assume a doubtful aspect, than  the importing
merchants, both of this country and of Europe,
periled something in anticipation of a rupture
between the two countries; and hence the chief,
ifnotthe only cause of the differenceof $19,000,000
: in the imports of 1835 and 1834.    Would it,
i then, be fair to infer that this rapid increase was
necessary to meet the increased demand for con-
sumption ?   Or is it to be attributed to that spirit
of speculation that ao well defines the character
of the merchant?   Sir, every candid man, be he
of what party he may, must ascribe this sudden
increase of imports to the mistaken calculations
of merchants; and if it was necessary to adduce
proof in support of a proposition so clear, is it
riot found in the fact that, at this time, at the
very points, in the very cities, where the largest
importations were made there is now the heaviest
pressure in the money market?  Sir, I would not
undertake to establish before this committee what
1 every gentleman  must  admit to be true, that
embarrassments are never lighter, or the money
: market less pressed, than when the amount o.
! imports does not exceed the demands of con-
Í sumption.   Nor will it be a difficult point to
! establish, that if the embarrassment now felt in
; some of our Atlantic cities has proceeded from
excessive importations beyond the wants of con-
Í sumption, we may look with absolute certainty
i for a sudden  diminution of revenue from that
I source.   This extravagant trade of over importa-
tion has had the effect to abstract from circula-
■ tion the precise amount which has been invested
¡ in that trade, and remains in the hands of the
