388
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May II,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. Towns.
Ho. of Reps.
display in figures of the inequality of the present
appropriations, but, sir, was the gentleman cha-
in  fairly with Ins own intellect' Was he deal-
uiSfurly .vith the Old Dominion when he tlius
atnched hei to the Nouh> The b ttti to enable
him to alum him¡>ilf, unltss the lionet ible gen-
tlemui has succeeded in piovngvvl it no one
ever befme pieteiided to asst.it, that Vnginia and
Matvland aie noitliein St ites>, lie Ins utteily
faihd in establishing vv tiat he prointstd to show,
the gioss inequality in the disbursement of the
public funds in the north Atlantic. I am willing
to admit that the honoi able gi nileman could come
as near proving, either by figu>es or argument,
that Virginia was a northern State as any gentle-
man on this floor. Yet, sir, I should have thought
a recollection of a small incident that occurred
within the last four years between the States of
South Carolina and Virginia would have pro-
tected the latter from being so unceremoniously
attached to the North, "that favored section"of
the Union, for no other apparent purpose than to
furnish the gentleman with a "/act,"from the aid
of which he so triumphantly exposed the injustice
and inequality of the public expenditures.
Mr Chairman, I will now call the attention of
the committee to some further íemaiks of the
honorable gentleman fiom South Carolina, [Mr.
Thompson,) which, in my opinion, furnish many
considerations of both a painful and instructive
character. And, sir, that I may avoid even the
suspicion of doing the slightest injustice to the
gentleman's argument, I will give that portion of
his speech to which I advert.
ThV gentleman goes on to say:
"There are practicable, plans of disposing of the surplus,
if gentlemen will conquer all their personal and party preju
dices, and pass the land bill, and the constitutional amend
meat for the distribution ol the surplus revenue These
are, in my judgment, the only practicable projects, and I
rejoice in my heart that they come from those two great
mmd-, which have for the last twentv five years so glon
-ously illustrated the history of their country In the present,
as in every past crisis—ot danger and difficulty—the uar,
the Missouri question, the compi omise—two commanding
figures have heen seen above the horizon, with the eves
of their countrymen intently fixed upon them, with a well
placed confidence, winch lias never been disappointed
These men are out oí power, or mv voice should not be
heard here in their eulogy Sir, the expunging process
must be earned very far You must expunge the history
of your countrv for a quarter of a century, you mu«t tear
from that history its brightest pages, ay, -ir, and jou must
expunge Irmn the human heirt every virtuous ind honorable
sentiment, hoimge for genius, gratitude lor public service^,
before their well earned laurels can be torn from their
brows Thev will have added another to their many claims
upon thf gratitude ot posterity, if they can succeed in
relieving the country from thegreat danger of an overflowing
Treasury—a difficulty for the first time known m the his
tory of the world "
Such, Mr. Chairman, is the language of the
honorable gentleman, and coming from him is
entitled to a consideration which such sentiments
would not othei wise receive from me. It will be
my purpose to examine why it is that these
"commanding figures"  have appeared in our
Íiolitical horizon at every important crisis for the
ast twenty-five years,and to show, as the heavens
give unerring indications to the mariner of the 1
approaching storm, so when these " command- I
ing figures" appear in our political horizon, the
friends to our political institutions should prepare
for the threatening tempest. Sir, I might content i
myself with the expression of the great surprise
I felt at this open,undisguised, and public avowal
of a connection which I had supposed had been
the settled policy of the honorable gentleman's
•'much calumniated party," as he calls it,to con-
ceal. But, coming from him under the circum-
stances, gives to the disclosure a claim of author-
ity which no subsequent disclaimer can impair.
The American people are na longer to be misled.
They are no longer to indulge in idle speculation
as to the motives and design's of these " com-
manding figures" that appear at every important
crisis. The honorable gentleman has avowed
their connection, and that aTowal has been made I
in an American Congress. It has been circulated
through the Union, and the gentleman rejoices in
his heart that the project of the distribution of
the surplus revenue by the land bill and the con-
stitutional amendment " came from those two
great minds that have so gloriously illustrated
the history of their country."                               I
Sir, I cannot envy the gentleman in the joy he I
feels in the contemplation of the fallen and ruined
condition of his friend. That fuend, so long as
he adheied to the punciples of his own paitieular
cieed, might have commanded the uspect due to
consi' tency, miaht have chimed hompge for
genius, and admiuition for finnness, but con-
nected ns he his km by the «jpntlcman fiom
S )uth Caiolun,  vith such extraotdinaiy boasting
of j iy, w ould depiivt funiof the common chanties
of pnvate fiiendslup in hn greatest extremity.
Su, ltt no gentleman complain at a review of the
pohucal course pursued by these distinguished
Senatois, [Messrs Clay and Calhoun ] Should
I say anything seemingly unkind, my answer is,
that the honorable member from South Carolina
[Mr Thompson] has foiced that necessity on me
by the position in which he has placed tnem be-
fore this committee and the nation. The fault is
his, not mine. It will be remembered that those
great minds who " have adorned every page of
our country's history," are bi ought before us as
the authors of the only practicable plan of dis-
posing of the surplus revenue. We are said to
dp in imminent danger from an accumulation of
public treasure, a circumstance unheard of in
other Governments and without a paiallel in the
history of our own Is it true' or is the asser-
tion made to subserve the ends of some gieat
political movement' 1 have attempted, and I
hope satisfactorily, to show that there was no
such surplus revenue. If, sir, the land bill of
the Senator fiom Kentucky should become the
law of the land, you would divide about twenty
millions within the shoit period fiom the 1st of
July to the 1st of October next, and twenty mil-
lions more by the 1st of April next, under certain
conditions. How, then, sir, can any man doubt
but that your treasure would be exhausted, that
the countiy would be involved in a heavy debt,
not only divested of the means of extending to
our citizens adequate protection, but absolutely
deprived of the means of meeting the ordinary
and current expenses of the Gov ernment' Does
not every gentleman foresee that with an exhaust-
ed Tieasury, with pressing demands from the
South and southwestern frontier, for the military
arm of your Government, to protect your citizens
fiom the cruel butchery with which they are
thieatened fiom the merciless savage, that the
financial policy of the Government would neces-
sarily change ' Does not the Senator fiom Ken-
tucky well know that such a state of things would
renew his favoiite American system, a system
of which he is the reputed father, one that he
has watched, cherished, protected, and defended
with parental tendeiness, from its infancy to man-
hood, fiom manhood to that wicked old age, when
its depravity became so appalling, that its friends
and enemies, by common consent, gave it out,
that it should be buried in the compromise, there
to remain until the bidding of some master spmt
should call it forth' And, sir, has not that time
now arrived' And is not the disgusting scene
presented to our view, that he who would have
felt himself dishonored [Mr. Calhoun] to have
done the charitable office of pall-bearer to the
lifeless corpse of the Amencan system, is now to
be seen in our political horizon, associated with
Mr. Clay, bidding this spirit of discord ascend,
that they may conjointly welcome its coming'
Should that system be again íenewed, no matter
by what means, as the settled policy of this Gov- i
ernment, the first day it shall be proclaimed, '
would be the last day of this Union.                     1
Sir, it is not my habit to think or speak unkindly '
of the motives of others; but thoroughly am I
convinced that if the projectsof those distinguished
Senators should succeed, the effect would be first
to overwhelm the Government by a national debt,
then to agitate the people, and finally to convulse
this nation fiom one border to the other. And if,
to avert such direful results, I should be driven
to the necessity of presenting facts showing that
the Senators from Kentucky and South Carolina
are each pursuing a course disastrous to the best
interests of the people of these States, and alone
calculated to advance their own ambitious pro-
jects in any after contest that may anse, I shall
feel, sir, that I have dischaiged the highest obli-
gation I owe the institutions of the country, to
my own conscience, and to my constituents. How i
instructive the example furnished us! How replete I
the lift and history of these great men, of useful
admonition to the aspiring ambition that uut too
often lies deeply buned, but not dead, in the
bosom of the disappointed politician1 S i, the
Senatoi fiom South Caiolma rose w ith a luster
commanding the admiration of all "VVitn genius
unsuipassed by anj, with the confidence of the
people, generous and confiding, his fust move-
ment v. aa such as became the pioud soul and
elevated patnotism of an Amencan statesman
That move, just twenty-foui yi ars ago, was on
the side of his country. At that gloomy penod,
when Bntish outrage upon the commerce and
rights of our citizens left no alternative but the
resistance that became a free people, or a sub-
mission to flagrant injustice that would have dis-
honored us befoie the world, the friend of the
gentleman from South Carolina was seen to take
his stand in the miustof the patriot statesmen of
that day, and with a spirit tiuly American, with
eloquence almost unsuipassed, with the powers
of his great mind, urged on his country men to a
vigorous, manly, bold resistance to foieign ag-
gression Sir, a recollection of this peí íod should
never be foigotten by the fnend of the gentleman
fiom South Carolina. It may yet seive to teach
him, great as he is in mind, rapid as was his
march to distinction and station, that there is a
vast difference between devotion to his countiy
and devotion to himself. It may serve to ad-
monish him that theie exists in this Union an
American feeling not less íeady to pay homage to
public service, than to arrest the wild progiess
of infuriated passion and inoidinate ambition,
that whilst it will honoi the one, it will assuredly
rebuke and punish the other.
But, sir, to puisuetlus " commanding figuie,"
the fi lend of the honorable gentleman fi om South
Carolina, we find him both advocating and voting
for the tariff of 1816 Whatever apology the
peculiar condition of the manufacturing inteiest
at that day furnished foi the vote he then gave, I
apprehend none will pretend to deny that in this
act was planted the principles of that fatal Amer-
ican system that grew so lapidly, and exeicised
such alarming influence ovei the industiy and
pioducts of laboi, that the fiimest patuots and
most devoted fnends to the Federal Government
could but look to the gatheung storm with feel-
ings of the most anxious concern. In the winter
of 1828, the Legislature of South Caiolma en-
tered then piotest against the tariff, a paper uni-
formly ascribed to the pen of Mi Calhoun, and
containing this distinct annunciation as to the
relative powers of the States and Federal Gov-
ernment:
" The General Government is one of specific powers,
and it can rightfully exercise only the powers expressly
granted, and those that may be neee-saiy and proper to
carry them into effect, all others being reserved expressly
to the State , or to the people "
That this is a fair exponent of the doctrines of
South Carolina in 1828, is not conjectural, but is
part of the recorded history of your legislation;
and that the document containing this doctrine
has been uniformly ascribed to Mr. Calhoun,
was never denied, so far as I know and believe.
And I may add that, in my poor opinion, lan-
guage cannot be found conveying with greater
precision and more absolute accuracy the true
theory of our Federal and State Governments,
than the quotation I have made.
Sir, this was the settled and well-established
doctrine of South Carolina statesmen, and par-
ticularly of Mi. Calhoun, up to and until after
^lay, 1830. It was about that unfortunate period
when disclosures were made by Mr. Crawford to
General Jackson of a particular course pursued
by Mr. Calhoun whilst a member of Mr. Mon-
roe's Cabinet, in relation to the conduct of Gen-
eral Jackson in the Seminole campaign. The
opinion I entertain of Mr Crawford s conduct in
making a disclosuie of the Cabinet secrets is not
called for, but I may say—and in thus expressing
myself, if I am capable of expressing one sincere
sentiment, it proceeds from my heart—that I
have always regretted, that I deeply dtploie that
unnecessary, uncalled-for, and most unhappy
rupture, which was the constquence of the com-
munications of Mi. Crawford From that fatal
Eenod, every movement, every political act of
Ir. Calhoun has been characterized by a display
