1S3G.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
'2Ith Covc.Ist Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. Towns.
Ho. of Reps.
etr>rt 1 is hft but little for me to do. My pur-
V •., , h n\, v, i, vi ill be, with the utmost spirit of
ki d.H v>, a-iJ m it i tin lull conviction ot my ow n
\\t ikn  -., to thiow mvself upon the giound
tikt-n by Hie ¡rtrultmin trom Tennessee, [Mr.
Tt it,] i id w i i w i itiur knightly giace I may
1M^>". i<! > io ot " t'ie paity," to receive the
luue Inn cd tiom lusabk arm; consoling myself
thu if 1 «should not be able to return the blow, I
•«'ill! at kast mmraiiid hi¡> respect for taking a
po- i, in s i tu'l of danger to myselt. Mr. Chair-
iniii. n'i. uld the opinion entertained by the hon-
orV>i number fiom Tenmssee be coirect as to
the r su t of the sjstem of defense proposed by
the \ilmiimtratioii upon the revenue of the coun-
trj , then, sir, his fiund from South Carolina is
w 10114 in supposing that system a " miserable
qujckmj," so far as regaids the absorption of
the n vt nui. Bv way ot illustration, the former
g. ninnn was sliowmg that the system of public
tl. •\nso must be arrested. And what, sir, was
his r< ison5 Whv, " thit although the system
might be proper 111 itself," vet that you had not
th mom j to cirry it on, while the latter gentle-
man tells you that you "must dutnbule," because
b\ in 1 vpenditure for the purposes of defenses
ot ten or twelve millions per annum, you will
not onH not be able to expend the surplus, but
it W'll e miinue to accumulate.
Xo  , sir, I cannot undertake to settle between
these two growing, if not "great minds," which
of them is correct. It may be that neither is
ri;jht I t'unk I have proven it, but there is one
thine w e all know , that the gentleman from South
CNrt iini has told us that he will go for a distri-
buyo 1 of the surplus, and he hasfuither informed
113, thit there wou'd be thirty-five millions to
begin with I do not pretend to say that the gen-
t'eman troin Tennessee will support the measures
f^r distribution of the surplus revenue. If he
tl vs, however, one fact is clearly established—
ti at the opinions he has expressed of the effect
of the system of defense recommended by the
AJmm strition, had better be expunged, great
«3 mn be the abhorrence of some gentlemen for
b'ack 1 ni s.
But. Mr Chairman, before I proceed to another
part of the gentleman's argument, I must not omit
to r mire, 111 connection with it, another purpose
he made it ser.e him. Having, as he supposed,
csti'jiished the fact that the Treasury was to be
exhausted, and the system of high taxation estab-
l'shrd, he turns from the scene with apparent m-
dig'ii'ion,and asks the question, " Who does not
' sc ■ from all this that we are to have an increased
*  tanffin due season, and that the managers of the
* party are preparing to claim the support of the
*  minufictunng interests '"   The honorable gen-
tleman here charges upo" 'he managers an intent
to establish the tariff, and thereby secure  the
support of the tariff party.  An important inquiry
then arises, to settle with certainty who are the
manaj' rs of í'te party ?   For in this allegation the
■mtmU r from Tennessee has drawn a distinction
b> twten the " rank and file," as I suppose him
to me\u, and the "few" that " manage "   There
is, liowiver, one bright side  in this charge, it
stands in bold relief against others made by the
honorable member; which I shall notice before 1
take my seat     It has been the fashion of many
g ntlerrien opposed  to the President, to charge
him with "absolute dictation"—that the party
could not, dared no', oppose his views, without
incurring the settled displeasure of the President,
and the loss of confidence " of those who bend
their supple knee" at his bidding    The gentle-
man has, in this particular instance, given us to
understand  that there were more " managers"
than one.   Now, sir, I should be pleased to know
if he includes the President among the number
of " managers" who are seeking this connection
with the tariff party >   If there is such a thing as
an Administration party, he who presides over
that Administration as the chief executive officer,
must be considered one of the " managers of the
party."   And that brings us directly to the con-
sideration   of this  most  unwarrantable  charge
against the President.    I ask the gentleman, I
a^k any and every candid man, whether an old
or new tn'my, to point to a single act of his
Administration sustaining that allegation     Let
not gentlemen answer me by saying that the
President was not embraced in this charge. I
hive the proof at hand, recorded in the same
speech, that puts this question beyond doubt.
Hear the honorable member fiom Tennessee
speak for himself. "There is strong reason,"
says he, " to believe that the obligations of party
' are held so sacred that none who belong to the
' majority dare do anything which the Piesident
' shall foibid, or fail in the support of whatever
1 he shall recommend."
Can anyone believe that that gentleman, en-
tertaining this opinion of the absolute control,
dictation, and arbitrary power exercised by the
President over the majority, does not intend to
convey the idea that the President himself con-
stitutes one of the managers of that party > Yes,
Mr. Chairman, whatever may have been the
meaning of the gentleman, he stands, and must
continue to stand, as making a charge more dis-
reputable to the private character of that man,
more derogatory to a large majority of the free-
men of this Union, more reproachful to the honor
and character of the President in his official sta-
tion, than I have ever before heard from any
quaiter. Sir, the President of the United States
has been compared by his bitter enemies, in the
days of great excitement, to a Nero, a Caligula,
a usurper worse than Cromwell—a tyrant tram-
pling under foot the rights of the widow and the
orphan; but it was reserved for the honorable
member from Tennessee to attempt to prove what
others had only the temerity to assert. That gen-
tleman says " there is strong reason to believe
' that, if the majority dare do anything, or fail in
' the support of any measure whatever that the
' President orders on the one hand or forbids on
' the other." Sir, can there be a character in this
nation more absolutely despicable than the one
drawn by the gentleman in this brief sentence'
Sir, as one of the party here alluded to, and so
much calumniated by this charge of passive ser-
vility to the will of the President, it would be but
just to say, that he who is prepared to avow such
sentiments as these, would be the first to fill that
station with becoming dignity. But, Mr. Chair-
man, it 13 not only this unprovoked, unwarrant-
able charge against the majority, which, if true,
makes them more servile, dishonored and dis-
graced than slaves; but it is absolutely stripping
the President of the brightest traits in his char-
acter—patriotism and love of the institutions of
his country as a public man, and honor, noble-
ness, generosity, and sensibility as a private gen-
tleman. Can any min rise here and maintain
that if those allegations are true against the Pres-
ident and the party, of absolute dictation on the
one hand, and unqualified submission on the
other, they can have any regard, love, or venera-
tion for the institutions of the country, all of
which are based upon principles dnectly the re-
verse of those that alone could conduce to such
acts of tyranny and servility> No, sir, if I have
correctly conceived the meaning of the honorable
gentleman by the remaiks I have quoted, no
longer, in his opinion, can the President or the
party put up any pietonsions to patriotism, vir-
tue, or independence Sn, there must have been
a very sudden loss of those inestimable qualities,
for surely such was not the character of the Pres-
dent or the party, when the honorable member
was himself one of the most conspicuous and
faithful of its members. A few short days and
some small incidents frequently produce rapid
changes in the opinions of men.
Mr  Chairman, I have heard it said on this
floor, if I mistake not, during the present session,
by different gentlemen, on different occasions,
that when a thrust was made at the paity, they
would dodge behind the President, to shield them-
selves from the castigation they deserved; and the
I moment an arm was raised to inflict a blow, they
would cry out—" Do not strike, you will hurt
the President " The great regard heretofoie pro-
fessed by certain gentlemen for the President has
1' preserved his character sacied, but I think the
' honorable member fiom Tennessee  cannot be
charged with staying the blow either for the party
or for the President     It would seem that he has
hardly stopped to inqune who it was that he had
struck, or was about to strike; but has, in the
I spirit of a  reckless knight, charged  upon  the
! President and the party, without the slightest dis-
crimination as to persons or regard for weapons
The honorable gentleman, on the conclusion of
his first day's speech, gave a short explanation
of Ins own course heretofore, and the course lie
should pursue hereafter. On resuming his aigu-
ments on the second day, he remaikcd:
"Some of those with whom I formerly acted in this
House may not think my declaration upon the nature of my
present rei-itions to the party in power, sufficientlj explicit.
1 can have no possible motive to assume an equivocal posi-
tion before the committee or the country On the contrary,
I coiimcIi r my honor at stake in taking a different course
I therelorc repeat, that I chati support all the measures of
this Adnimi-,tration which I shall find to be in accordance
with its eirlv avowed principles, in the same manner and
to the same extent I have hitherto done; and I shall oppose
with my influence and ability—whatever they may be
worth—every measure, every practice, and movement of
the party which can be traced to the pohcj of electing the
Executive favorite to the succession "
And, Mr. Chairman, as if the language used
by the honorable gentleman was too strong, and
might not answer what it plainly means, viz:
that he will oppose every measure of the Admin-
istration, he places the matter beyond doubt, by
proceeding to say:
" If the declaration that I hold myself the supporter of
the Administration, to any extent, shall appear inconsistent
with mv votes upon so many party questions which arise
in this House from day to day, I can only answer that it is
not my fault if the party action of this House shall almost
111 every instance have a direct reference not to the support
of General Jackson so much as to the election of a particu-
lar candidate to the Presidency."
Mr. Chairman, I have seen some manifestoes,
a few proclamations, and some declarations of
political creeds, but I must frankly admit that I
have never seen so labored an effort to say two
things at the same time. The honorable member
seems unwilling to trust himself in saying what
his course will be before he rushes in a pioviso,
backed by an example, and the plain English of
the whole is, that he believes every movement of
the party, every act of legislation, every measure
introduced in the House, has some connection,
directly or indirectly, with the " policy or motive
of electing the executive favorite to the succes-
sion," as he is pleased to call Mr. Van Buren,
and that, therefore, according to the rule he has
prescribed for his own course of action, his claim
to candor would not have suffered from an open
avowal of his determined opposition to the prin-
ciples of the Administration.
Sir, it will be remembered by the committee
that the honorable gentleman from Tennessee
made a labored effort to establish the exact simi-
larity in principles of the dominant party of the
present day and the Federal party of 1798. To
establish the correctness of this charge against
the Administration party, he insisted that, as the
paity of 1798 was for a large standing army and
navy, so was the Administration party at this
day. The evidence of the charge was to be found
in the system of defense as recommended by the
President, and for which estimates had been fur-
nished by the heads of the departments I must
confess I had much difficulty in comprehending
either the facts or the reasoning of the gentleman
that could have authonzed him in making the
charge of Federal principles on the party Neither
the Piesident nor the War or Navy Departments,
nor any friend of the Administration in either
branch of Congress, has submitted any proposi-
tion for a large standing aimy or navy. The
utmost veige of all their plans would scarcely
organize a respectable peace establishment, and
how the member could feel himself authorized to
assert the analogy between the principles of the
party now supporting the administration and the
Federal party of 1798, is so far beyond my ken,
that I 3hall yield to tl-e gentleman the honor often
claimed by men who have gone before him, of
discovering a strict analogy in things wholly dis-
similar in every punciple This analogy is dis-
covered to exist, not only as relates to the stand-
ing army and navy but the honorable gentleman
goes further, and detects another Federal princi-
ple in the dominant party by the adoption of a
rule of this House, making certain appropriation
bills the order of the day, fiom and aftei a par-
ticular time, over all other business ' This rule
of the House was recommended atan eaily period
of the session by the Committee on Foreign Af-
I fairs.   So far as the committee weie concerned,
