1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
£4th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. Toums.
Ho. of Reps.
was not so fortunate as to be fully initiated in the I
doctrines of that party, or has furnished the world '
■\orv conclusive evidence that he was not at that
period a Jackson man. After adverting to one
other remark of the gentleman from Tennessee
that stunk me at the time with some surprise, I
shall proceed to notice some of the opinions of
the Hon H L White, which I shall do in a
manner perfectly respectful to him, and which I
would not do at all but tor the respect I have for
the examples of his friends upon this floor in
examining the opinions of one othei individual,
(Mr Van Duren,) who, like the honorable Sen-
ator fioni Tennessee, (Mr. White,) is now betoie
the people of the Union for the first office within
their gift. And, sir, there is anothei reason:
during all the denunciations I have heard here
from each branch of the Opposition, I have heard
none of them censure either of the candidates for
President except Mr Van Burtn, although I
should have supposed some ot the others enter-
tained principles tar more objectionable than any
ot Mr Van Buren's could possibly be.
The gentleman from Tennessee adverted to the
President's late special message upon Fiench
affairs, and such was the deep impression left
upon the mind of the gentleman of the danger,
weakness, and inconsistency of that document,
that he could not omit to point it out. After
contrasting two sentences contained in that doc-
ument, the honorable gentleman says: " I regard
it as therefore entirely proper to point out any
inconsistency which may impair the effect of it.
I do not, sir, complain of this; on the contrary,
I acknowledge the right of gentlemen to examine
for themselves every document of a public char-
acter, from the President or any one else. It is
all proper in itself, but whether the gentleman
has really impaired the etfect of that instrument,
by his review, is a very difFerent.que'stion. The
object ot the examination was to show incon-
sistency—that a short communication from the
President contained conflicting principles.
Sir, since the honorable gentleman hasassumed
the office of reviewing the documents and com-
munications of the Piesident, with a view to
point out any inconsistency that may inipan then
effect, I must be permitted to invite his attention
to parts of two letters, containing impoitant mat-
ters, from an honorable Senator trom Tennessee,
and who is now before the people as a candidate
for the office of President — 1 mean the Hon.
H. L. White. I should suppose the honorable
member could not object to this; he would doubt-
less feel the obligation as great to point out in-
consistencies in íeference to Judge White as he
has in relation to General Jackson. Sir, I send
to the Clerk an extract of a letter from the Hon.
Hugh L. White to Pryor Lea, Esq , dated July
14th, 1827, and ask the reading of the same.
Read as follows:
Extract of a letter from the Hon H L Whtte to Pryor Lea,
Esq , dated July 14, 1827
" Doctor VViatt hail been represented by those in whom
I thought 1 could confíele as Hie Iriend ot Mr Clay, and not
as Hie mend ot General Jack-on, and Mr Miller a¡ in truth
mshing to us- thr name of Oeieral Jackson only for the pur
pote of securing the election of Mr Jidams by diiulmg the
western vote
" VV hettier these representations were true or false as it
related to Dr \\ nttandMr Miller i  not now in the least uia
terial They vvere undoubtedly made, and bj tho-e in vvhorn
I thought I could conhde, and in whom I did confide at that
time, and honestly b< heving that no one ol the four« as the
friend ot Jackson s election So far as he was concerned,
I held it perfectly immaterial which of them succeeded, a 
a«ainst the others But it i  further stated that I supported
Colonel Williams for the senateol the United states against
General Jackson himselt, and weutso lar a  to call General
Jackson ' an ungrateful, black hearted scoundrel ' There
is in this charge a mistake 1 supported Colonel William?
in opposition lo Mr Miller by all lair means m my power,
and when there was an attempt to run Jackson himself asa
candidate in opposition to Williams, I used my utmost exer
iion to prevent hi  name from being used as a candidate
It appeared to me that one strong ground on which General
Jackson was supported for the Presidency in other States
was that he viasat/iome attending to his pruate business,
not using any means to secure his election as President, and
I caiutidly belieied that if the Legislature elected him to the
Sen lie, it ¡could be belieied in those States that he was placed
in Washington to electioneer for the Presidency as uell asthe
other candidates, and that bitch an tmjiression uould do him
more injury than the election of Colonel tt illiams, his en
emy   '
Mr Chairman, I advert to this letter for the
purpose of showing that Judge White, in his
present position before the people of the United
States, has, like many other great men, lived long I
enough by piactice to contradict the maxims of i'
early life; and I will now here repeat what I have
often said in private and in public, that I will
not aim one blow at Judge White, only in stlf-
defense. For his puvate and public life—if I
may be allowed to use the language of his friend
the member tiom Tennessee, when speaking of
the President and his Administration—" up to a
late period I entertained the most profound re-
spect-" a rtgaid, sir, based upon the conviction
that he was a plain, una&suming, unambitious
man, content to fill thatstation wheie his sei vices
could be best directed to the advtncement of the
great interest of the countiy. That I can, how-
ever, reconcile his present position with what I
supposed to be his early political notions, would
be an unworthy affectation, and a concealment
of feelings incompatible with a sense of duty.
It will be íemembered that the honoiable gentle-
man admitted, that he had " spoken with great
freedom of the couise of the paity in power,"
and that he had not " spared his censure when
hethoughtit wasdeservtd," and that " he should
continue to exercise that privilege," &c.
It was perhaps unnecessary for the honoiable
gentleman to have given this notice, for I believe
none that heard him doubted for a moment that
he had enjoyed a very great latitude, and was
quite merciless in his castigation, considering he
had been " untila late period," one of the leading
members of the very party he was denouncing
Others there were, so cuuous as to express some
wish to know the exact point of time when the
dominant party fell from giace, and wheie the
honorable member from Tennessee [Mr. Bell]
then was. One thing must be conceded on all
hands. From the number of crimes chaiged by
the g.ntleman from Tennessee on the party, he
must have been with them a part of the time,
and should share a part of thecensuie, or else his
leave of the party was a very sad calamity foi
the country, as their degeneracy and rapid fall
has no parallel.
But, sir, to return to the principles asserted in
this letter. In the first part is cleaily to be
gathered Judge White's unwillingness that the
party then supporting General Jackson should
be divided, for he distinctly charges Mr. Miller
with using the name of General Jackson only for
the purpose of securing the election of Mr Adams,
by dividing the western vote. Well, then, if it
was wrong in principle to divide the western
vote at that day to elect a paiticular individual,
would the same thing that was wrong then be
right now? I take it for granted that if it was
wrong at that time to divide the Jackson party,
and thereby destroy then influence in the election
for a President, it certainly would be wrong, if
there was any punciple in the position assumed,
to divide the same party now in electing a Pres-
ident, or will it be contended that so soon as
General Jackson's name is out of the question,
when he is no mote before the people, the party
that supported him, known as well by the name
of the Jackson, the Administration, the Repub-
lican, and the paity, is dead, and that theiefoie
the position Judge White now occupies is not
calculated to divide the party? To my mind it
is clear that Judge White at that time believed it
wrong that, in the separation of the people of
these States by parties founded upon punciple,
there should be a division of strength between
members of the same party, and that this opinion
was correct it strikes me all must agiee, so long
as they profess to act upon principle. When it
is men only, and not measures of public policy,
then every man can and should indulge his per-
sonal preference. How Judge White sustains
the doctrine he then entertained, let his present
position speak. But, sir, the balance of this letter
in regard to his course to Geneial Jackson is full
of instruction and bitter reproof. Hear with what
delicate sensibility he was disposed to guard the
honor of General Jackson. Judge White says he
supported Colonel Williams against Mr. Millei,
and " when theie was an attempt to run Jackson
' himself as a candidate in opposition to Williams,
' he used his utmost exertion to pievent Ins name
' from being used." Again the Judge says, " it
I ' appeared to him that General Jackson was sup-
' ported for the Presidency because he was at home
' attending to his pivote business, not using any
' means to secure his election as President;" and
the Judge further says, that " if General Jackson
' had been placed in Washington, the impression
' would have been that it was to electioneer, and
' that such an impression would have done more
' injury than to elect Colonel Williams, his
' enemy "
Now, sir, I am quite satisfied that Judge White,
on this occasion, reasoned in a manner peculiar
to himself, and he was so opposed to the slight-
ed suspicion resting on General Jackson, that he
would consent to elect his enemy over him as a
kssci evil I admire those delicate lelations of
puvate friendship—I admire the sagacity of the
fiicnd whose discerning eye can better see and
understand my inteiest than I can myself; but I
am not prepared to say that I could relish so well
that species of fnendship that would prefer the
elevation of my enemy, for fear that, in the event
of my succesi, my motives might be questioned But,
taking the Judge's rule as correct, that a man
should not be in the Senate of the United States
for fear that he might be suspected of elertion-
eenng, and how does he stand? Why, we all
know very well. The Judge is in the Senate,
yet he had such scruples about General Jackson
that he supposed it might injure his election in
some of the States' Sir, I can come to but one
of two conclusions in relation to this letter; either
that Judge White regaided the interest of General
Jackson bettei than his own, and could trust him-
self to temptation sooner than General Jackson, or
otherwise he stands convicted of preaching one
creed and practicing another. Sn , I forbear fur-
ther comment upon this extiact. I have given it
entire, so far as íelates to that matter, that all
may have equal means with myself in forming
conclusions I frankly confess, if Judge White
meant anything by that lettei, 1 cannot reconcile
his couise to it
Mi. Chan man, I have another extract of a let-
ter of Judge Wliite's wntten to John Ross, a
Cheiokee chief, dated Apnl 26,1824, which I will
send to the Cleik to be read.
The letter was lead, as follows:
" Extract from the Letter of the Hon Hugh L White to
John Ross, dated April 26, 1821.
"To collect a tax Irom merchants, to compel them to
paj a small poition oftheir profits, at stated peuods,for the
support ot the Government, where they transact their busi-
ness, has bten a very common modeot collecting revenue;
and no State has been charged with attempting to regulate
commerce where they have exercised such power Why,
then, should the Cherokecs be denied the power, because,
by possibility, thtj might abu-e it, and underrike to regu-
lite trade ? I haie lelieica, and still do, that under the
h ealies, the Cherol ees must be considered a nation, possess-
ing like powers with other nations, except so Jar as they have
surrendered their independence to the United States That
they have made suri enders oj poner in many important par-
ti ulars, but that thei/ hate not surrendered the pouer of
making municipal regulations for their own internal gov-
ernment, that among the powers they still retain, is that of
imposing and collecting taxes
"I rcgiet exceedingly that to you I hive ever given any
opinion upon a subject tint inteic-ts jour nation Hid I
known the purpose lor which it wasdesncd, I should have
bien silent, but having given such an one as I honestly
entertained, I can never express any other until convinced
oj my erroi "
In order that the opinion of Judge White may
be fully undeistood at the date of this lettei, I
will make a statement of facts as related to me,
and which 1 suppose true Mr. John Ross was
then, as he is now, one of the leading chiefs of
the Cherokee Indians, residing within the char-
tered limits of the State of Georgia, a part of the
same nation extending into the States of Tennes-
see and North Carolina, Mr. Ross himself resid-
ing within the limits of Georgia, as I have always
understood. He addressed Judge White, who
had great reputation as a jurist in the section
where he resided, for his opinion with regard to
the power the Cherokees had to pass and enfoice
lawo for their independent government, and es-
pecially to obtain his opinion on the power of
said nation to collect taxes, &c.    In answer to
1 the points presented by Mr. Ross, the letter from
which the above is an extract was wntten by
Judge White, and upon the authority of that
letter, as I have been informed, and which opin-
ion is authorized by the letter itself, the Chero-
] kees did proceed to oiganize an indepcrdent gov-
ernment within the limits of Geoigia, claiming
for that government exclusive juiisdiction, crim-
