394
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 11,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. Towns.
Ho. of Reps.
inal and civil, o"er all that portion of Georgia
known ns the Cherokee nation Whether the
opinion thus deluded was intended by Judge
White to influence tin Indnns in the course they
adopted is not important; nor do I believe, or
pretend to c'-aig upon him a motive to mspne
those Indian* with the enjoyment of politictl
rights nicompatib'e with the lights of Geoigia
«ndei the Constitution But, su , that the opin-
ion expiessed in this letter is wrong—that it has
been the cn.se of gieat trouble, inconvenience,
and pirpleMty to the authonties of Georgia,
every pi r<on acquainted with the circumstances
will readily admit
Sir, let it not be said that the opinion here ex-
pressed, " I have belicied, and still do, that under
'the tieaties, the Cheiokees must be considered a
' nailon, possessing like powers with other nations,
'except so far as ihey have surrendered their mde-
' pendence to the Un-ted Slates.'' I say, let it not
be said that Judge White had no reference to the
authorities of the respective States in which the
Indians then resided. It is impossible that he
could avail himself of this position. He was
speaking of and to the Chetokee Indians as they
were, and precisely where they were at thatttme.
He spoke of the powers they then had; and the
doctrine contained in his letter is, that they were
independent, or, in his own language, " o nation
possessing like powers icith other nations, except so
far as they hare surrendered their independence to the
United States." The opinion here expiessed with
the utmost precision, as 1 consider it, is that the
Cherokee Indians residing within the limits of
the States of Georgia, Tennessee, and North Car-
olina, are a nation possessing all the powers of
the most perfect soveie gnties, except the pow-
ers surrendeied to the Fcdeial Government, and
among the powers sunendcred is not the power
of taxation. Theie is no authority recognized
in Georgia and Noith Carolina over the respective
fiortions of those Indians that reside within their
imita. But they aie asserted to be independent
of them,unless, forsooth, by some treaty stipula-
tion with the General Government, the right of
the States is recognized
Sir, T undertake to maintain that there was no
authority in the treaty-making power of the Fed-
era! Government to divest Georgia of the right of
con ti oiling, in her own way, the inhabitants within
her limits, and making them subject to her own
laws, cnminal as well ascivil. The soil of Geor-
gia was derived from a royal chaiter, before the
Revolution, recognized under the Confederation,
and guarantied by the Federal Constitution. The
Constitution, if it guaranties to the people of
Georgia anything, secures them a republican
form of government and the chartered limits of
their State, which cannot be altered but by their
own consent. How, then, can Georgia be said
to enjoy a republican form of government, and
jurisdiction over her soil and territory, when one
fifth of that teiritory is in the occupancy of a
tube of Indians, organized into such a govern-
ment as they may choose to adopt' Yet Judge
White's argument means this, if it means any-
thing; and that the meaning was so understood,
>s established by the fact that, upon the authority
of that opinion,the Cherokees actually proceeded,
as I have been informed by the biother of John
Ross, to organize a government of their own.
Judge White says that the opinion,as expiessed
in his letter, "is such an one as he honestly en-
tertained," and that he could " never expiess any
other until convinced of his error." Now, Mr.
Chairman, since the honorable gentleman [Mr.
Bell] has derived infinite pleasure in looking into
the present and past opinions of the President,
and feels it his duty to point out any inconsist-
encies that will impair their force, I would desire
to know whether the opinion, then honestly en-
tertained and plainly pronounced in this letter, is
still the opinion of Judge White; or has he been
jonvinced of his " error,"and ohifted hisgiound'
l leave the question of consistency and "error"
for his friends to settle.
Mr. Chan man, the principles, as I understand
them, asserted by Judge White, should be under-
stood by my constituents A large, respectable,
and enterprising portion of the population of
Geoigia aie now residing upon the lands occu-
pied by the Indians in that Territory.   The pre-
1 tensions set up by this tribe of Indians within the
limits of Geoigia was subveisive of all oidei, and
so dangerous to life and propeity that the author-
ities of that State, without a total disiegaid of
the highest obligation, could not longer suffer a
state of things so mischievous to continue, and
Georgia was, fiom a sense of duty to hei free
white population, not less tha.i to the red popu-
lation, compelled to interpose, and asstrt her
doubtless right of junsdict'on and occupancy of
the waste lands m that region. Good oider,
morals, religion, and humanity alike demanded
that she should act as became a people humane
and benevolent; and she was not to be deterred
from doing a great public good for fear that they
might incur the repioach ot those who aie always
ready to offer their sympathy giatis and their
charity sparingly. Su, the people of my State
have suffered long and patiently the tardy move-
ments of the Government in relieving them of a
population troublesome and dangerous. It has
not been until since this Administration came
into power that the first efficient step was taken
toasseitthejust lights of Georgia. The doctrints
of Judge White have been oveiruled. TheChei-
okee code of laws thatweie in dnect collision
with the laws of Georgia have been abrogated,
and the Indian has been told, in the spmt of
friendship, and with the candor due the occasion,
that their right to establish an independent gov-
ernment within the limits of Georgia could receive
no countenance or sanction from the Administia-
tion. They have been advised to cmigiate; the
counsel of the Piesident has been disiegarded;
two treaties have been formed, and a few days
must settle the fact whether we are to have
these people settled upon us through all time, or
whether the policy of the Government will be
cairied out.
Mi. Chairman, I will not ask of the gentleman
to reconcile other political acts of Judge White.
His course in the Senate in refeience to several
subjects, but especially in relation to certain nom-
inations, I leave for Judge White to settle for
himself. It may be that he can give satisfactory
reasons to his countrymen for the votes he has
given I would hope he could. I have no right
to ask of him to do so All that I have to say is,
it would have been well had he adopted the course
" that seemed to him as the ground on which some of
' the States wet e suppoi ting Genei al Jackson, because
' he was at home, attending tolas own private afjans,
' and taking no part in any plan to setwe his own
' elevation "
Mr. Chairman, there is another position taken
by the honorable member from Tennessee, that,
in my opinion, desei ves some consideiation, I do
not know that I should notice it, but for the be-
lief that it has been, for the first time, asserted,
and is therefore properly recognized as one of the
principles of the new organization, of which the
honorable gentleman is the reputed head Sir,
what is that principle? I give it as written by
the gentleman himself: " To vote money is the least
difficult and most pleascnl duly oj a representative oj
the people. It tequiies neitherexpenence, industty,
talents, nor fidelity, in members " If the honor-
able member is ambitious of securing to himself
the character of originality, of discovering things
1 that do not exist, of asserting principles that the
judgment of eveiy man must condemn, he could
scaicely have been mote fortunate than in this
instance. What, sir, is it indeed true, that the
most pleasant part of our legislative duty is to
vote away the money of our constituents'  Have
I we arrived to that station where we have the least
difficulty, and derive the greatest pleasure, by
thrusting our hands into the pockets of our con-
stituents, taking their money and voting it away'
I could hardly have expected an avowal of such
an alarming character, and coming from that hon-
orable gentleman, sti uck me with profound amaze-
ment. I trust, sir, that he will not insist that this
was an original Jackson principle, but has betn
one picked up by him since the degeneracy of
that party become so disgusting that he was com-
pelled to separate himself from them. But that
is not all. The honorable gentleman says, " it
requires neither expedience, industiy, talents, nor
fidelity in members " Therefore, the honorable
gentleman means to be understood as maintain-
ing, for the first time in this country, that inex-
perience, indolence, ignorance, and dishonesty,
aie the qualifications best calculated to subsene
thetiue interest of the people on all questions
connected with the least difficult and mc st pleas-
ant duty of the repiescntative, voiing away the
people's money. Su, a eh uo-e so palpal ly d< io>-
atoiy to the chaiacter of this House, so ínsultmo-
to the good sense of eveiy member on this flooi,
cannot require a moie spei ial notice fiom me.
Let the honoiable gentleman go home to Tennes-
see and tell his constituents that it is the least
difficult and most pleasant part of his duty to vote
away then money, and my woid foi it, they will
give him the appiopuate i espouse.
Mr. Chairman, the honorable gentleman, in the
range of his denunciation of men and measuies,
took occasion to bestow a passing notice on the
Secretary of State, (Mr Toisyth.) He was
pleased to speak of him as a "most" orthodox
"Secietaiy of State;" and, with a very confident
expectation of establishing a chaige of fearful
magnitude, proceeded to the introduction of his
pi oof. Whether the Secretary of State will be
able to survive the wound, time alone will tell.
That he and all the Administiation must have lelt
awfully alarmed, had they have been so unfor-
tunate as to have heard the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, will, perhaps, admit of some question.
But that the Secietary will likely live as long,
walk as erect, be as faithful to the public interest
under the merciless blows of 'he gentleman from
Tennessee, as if no such incident had ever oc-
curied, I think quite ceitain. Sn, there is such
a thing as over-shooting, as well as under-shoot-
ing.
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee is
entitled to all the credit due a biave, but weak
man, for the assault he has made, or attempted
to make, on Mr. Forsyth, for íeally I am not
entnely ceitain that an attack intended and at-
tempted, but not discovered by the assailed, can
pioperly be considered an assault The honor-
able gentleman came to the field with the courage
of a true knight, guaided at every point, but so
incumbered with his aimor of steel that his strong
arm, powerful as it is, could not send the arrow
to its appointed victim; he could see the object
of his hatred far removed fiom danger; every
effort but increased his anxiety, every failure but
chafed the fevensh spmt of íevenge.
Sir, if the honoiable member would allow me
to offer him a single suggestion, it would be to
look for another victim. The Seeietary of State
stands high, elevated, and endeared to every man
of any paity who can appiecuite a feailess, on-
ward, independent discharge of public duty; who
can appiectate the most refined sense ot honot;
who can do homage to that tianscendent genius
that lifts the man to the highest scale in moral
grandeur. Occupying, as does Mi. Forsyth, a
position so far beyond the reach of ordinary
party weapons, I would, if I dared to do so, in-
voke the member from Tennessee to couch his
lance and charge upon some victim whom, if
he cannot kill, will, at least, be apprised of the
attack.   The gentleman from Tennessee says:
"I well leinemher what a decided effect was produced
upon the mind'- ot tlie people in the State which / represent
in p-Mt anil what indignation was excited by ihe single act
ot the ¡secret iry ot St it< under the late Administration, of
taking the printing ot the laws trom tin Nashville Uepub
hcnn, a paper tnendly to the election of General Jackson,
and giving it to the Whig, a piper published at the «ame
place, ami supposed to be in the interest ot Ihe Adminis-
tration Well, sir, in the vicissitudes ot human aftairs it
so happened, that the party in whose cause the N ishville
Republican had sutleicd came to be uypermoit, and it ttas
restored to its former ns/i/i and benefús, but as it it were
intended to manifest the utmost possible contempt for the
e irlj principles ot Jaeksomsm, and give the most unequiv-
ocal guarantees to new allies which the nature of the case
admits, that all the principles avowed by the original Jack-
son party are henceforth and lorever to be repudiated and
foriotten The orthodox Secretary of State has recently
ordered the printing ot the laws to be again taken trom the
l\ashville Republican, winch is now supporting Judge White
for the Presidency,ami given to the Union, a papei printed
in the same place, a paper purelvpartisan in its character,
newly established and ot very limited circulation, but in the
mterc st ot the Vice President "
I have given at length the very words of the
honorable member fiom Tennessee, and as a mat-
ter of curious inquiry, accoiding to the show ing
he has himself made, it seems that the Nashville
Republican was against the late Administration,
and in favor of the election of General Jackson;
