1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. Towns.
Ho. of Reps.
that during part of the time of the canvass, that
paper had the printing of the laws; that the
S-nrttary of State transferred the printing to
the Whij , a paper ftiendly to Mr Adams's ad-
ministration, that this act was denounced, but
w hen Gtneral Jackson was elected President, the
punting was taken from the Whig, which was
oii'iosid to him, and given to the Republican,
w hii.li was friendly. Well, sir, I apprehend this
is the principle of the original Jackson party,
lit re is an ait among the first two of the Admin-
lsuation, which act settled the principle. Well,
u h it has  Mr Forsyth done violative of this pnn-
cyh '
Die National Republican has taken up Judge
While, and of course laid down the Administra-
tion, and the Union has been stated to be in favor
of the Administration, and advocates the cla.ms
ot Mr Van Burén. Mr. Foisyth, as the mem-
ber from Te nnessee say % takes the printing of
the laws from the Republican, (that can only be
considered as in opposition to the Administration,)
and gives it to the Union that is supporting it.
And this is the great, the shameful, and utter
disregard of the original Jackson principle. I
must confess, sir, I cannot perceive the slightest
departure from what I suppose the member him-
self has shown to be the principle of the Jackson
party. I do not pretend to say it is proper or
improper, nor do I pretend to say it was proper
or improper in the former Administration, or in
the honorable member from Massachusetts, who
is now before me, for the course he then pursued.
Mr ADAMS rose, and asked if the gentleman
from Georgia intended to be understood as charg-
ing him with removing the printer'
Mr. TOWNS remarked that he was using the
argument, as he understood it, of the member
from Tennessee.
Mr. ADAMS explained, in substance, that he
had never transferred the printing of the laws,
from a printer favoiable to another person, to one
fworible to himself. On the contrary, he never
transferred but one while he was Secretary of
State,and that was at General Jackson's instance,
and personal request. He believed it was well
known that he had never translerred a single in-
dividual from any office,fiom political considera-
tions, and that veiy fact had been represented as
one of the causes why he had not been more
successful in his political life.
Mr. TOWNS. Sir, I make no charge against
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr Adims,] but was only answering the argu-
ment of the member fromTennessee,[Mr. Bell.]
I am admonished that the charge, as contained
in that gentleman's argument, is not directly
ajamst the honorable member from Massachu-
si its, but against a member of his political family,
[Mr. Clay,] then Secretary of State; and I will
wit'i gieat pleasure formally transfer it from one
to tin other, as it does not vary the principle. It
cannot, ->o fir as my purpose is conceired.be
material whether done by the honorable gentle-
man fiorn Massai huoCtts in person, or tlnough
his S.crciary of State S.r, having shown, ac-
cording to the statement of the case made by the
member from Tennessee, that there has been no
departure from the principle of the early Jackson
party by the present Secretary of State, I will
proceed to ask the attention of the committee to
anothi rof the specifications contained in the mem-
ber's bill of impeachment. " It is well known,"
Bays the member from Tennessee, "that an un-
' bounded respect for the rights of the States was
'professed by the original Jackson party; and
' any maxim or practice of the Government which
' unded to consolidation, was denounced as inex-
pedient, and even dangerous. To prove how
' 'íttle regard has been shown by those who now
'wear the garb of Jacksonism for the due con-
' stitutional rights and independence of the States,
' it would only be necessary to call to mind the
' interference of the Federal Government with the
' election of Senators by the State Legislatures.
' But, sir, I may add that the legislative proceed-
'ings of State assemblies have been interfered
'wnh, and many of those bodies have already
' been ¡educed to the condition of mere dependent
' and coordinate portions of the great machinery by
• which it is supposed this country may heie-
' after be governed—the supple and convenient in-
'strumenf  of the Fedeial, executive, and party m-
' terests "
The first thing, Mr Chairman, that deserves
notice in answering the member fiom Tennessee
on this point is the regret he must doubtless feel
at the desertion of the party fiom State lights
doctrines. I can readily imagine how deep his
mortification on this point must be, when I n fleet
that it was the member from Tennessee himself
who had the honor of introducing, as chauman
of a committee, and urging through this House,
too, a measure about wnicli gicnt dissatisfaction
prevailed in many parts of the Union, and about
which I apprehended some of the gentleman's
intimate fuends have uttered the most bitter de-
nunciations. Can the honorable member call to
mind a bill that passed Congress when he was
one of the party ?—ay, sir, a leading man of that
party, too—known bysome as the bill to enforce
the collection of revenue,by others as the " force
bdl," and more still, "the bloody bill." Will
the member tell the nation that he had the honor
of advocating that measure as warmly as any
gentleman then on the floor—that he voted for it'
And will he point out a single act of Congiess,
from that day to this, that contains any principle
somuch endangering the doctrmesof State rights'
Sir, I do not pretend to give any opinion of the
principles contained in that bill, I only say, that
if there has been any measure of this Adminis-
tration subversive of the lights of the States—
destructive of the doctnnesof State rights—I be-
lieve that bill to be the one. I say no more, that
there are but two possible apologies to those of
that day whose duty it was to provide for the
crisis by the enactment of that bill—first, the
precedent set in the time of the Republican ad-
ministration of Mr. Jefferson, and secondly, the
unfortunate posture of affairs resulting from any
derangement in the collection of the revenue.
That the bill was intended to meet a cusís to be
dreaded by all, and avoided if possible, is to be
gathered from its limitations. I will, for myself,
say, and then I shall have done with the punci-
ples of this bill, that if the force bill of Mr. Jef-
ieison was constitutional, then was the force bill
of General Jackson. If Mr. Jefferson's was
called for, then was General Jackson's demanded.
But I am free to admit, at the same time, that I
have had doubts as to the power in the Federal
Government wlueh this measure claimed. But
on one point I have no difficulty; that any gentle-
man who supported that bill should not be very
much alaimcd about any act of the Administra-
tion, since that time, absorbing tne powers of the
States.
The member from Tennessee, after having fired
for two days upon the party and the Piesident as a
sort of advanced guard, cries out in the bitterness
of his heart against the coiruption of the Fedeial
Government for interfering with the elections of
Senators by the State Legislatures, and is pleased
to say that the "legislative proceedings of State
' assemblies have been mteifered with, and that many
' of these bodies have been alrrady reduced to the con-
' dition of mere dependent and cooidmate portions of
' the great machinery by which it is supposed this
' country may hcreaftei be governed " For one, sir,
I should be pleased to know the States to which
the honorable member has reference. I presume,
if there has been any such foul work as the mem-
ber supposes, he would mention the Legislature
and the State, and give us the proof upon which
he makes the charge. I should think it was due
to the chaiacterof the State governments—due to
the character of the State legislators, in arraying
them before the public, so to present the question
that they could defend themselves. And it is
surely the duty of the member to speak out, so
that the Administration could, in some shape or
form, admit, deny, or justify. I am quite satis-
fied it never could be the object of the gentleman
to thrust in the dark.    Then, sir, out with it
But, Mr. Chairman, the member from Tennes-
see has of late all his fears and sympathies ex-
cited in behalf of that intelligent and venerable
I body, the Senate of the United States, and his
I remarks on that subject shall receive my imme-
diate attention, after which I shall not trouble the
committee with much more in reply to the hon-
orable member.
" But again, is not the Senate, whicli was intended by
the Constitution to be in itself a standing check and limit-
ation upon the u c and ilni-r ot the ex< cutive patronage,
to tint extent, ind as regards the purposes of its instilu
tion, actually expunged, mil that, too, by executive power
and influente > I ilem indol g< ntlemen toansner m<, and
«ij il thtre tvists it tin-, moment, piactically, any control-
ling power in the St intt over the will of the Uveeutue '
Is not the Constitution itselt, toi the time being, abrogated,
subverted, overttnown? Have we not a Senate ot the tJm
ted State  notoriously replenished and oiganized upon the
pimcipli ol non resístante and passive obtdieuci to the
e\ecimv< h ill and authority ' And how, sir, his this state
of things bem brought about' The Stale Legislatures,
those ancient toners, as they have heretofore been sup-
posed, upon the ramparts of the Constitution and of the
public liberty, have been boldly entcicd, and by cxccutiie
influence sed iced and prostituted to purposes of Federal
poucr and domination Sir, if the executive Chief Magis-
trate had enteied the benate Chamber swo<d in hand, and
supported by a band of chosen mercenaries, and dritcn the
obnorious Sene tors fiom their seats, and filled all the tac ni-
cies by members ol his own appointment, he would havt in-
flicted a deep wound upon the Constitution, and one winch
1 know he never would think of inflicting, but it would hava
icen less dangerous, and more e lsily healed, than the one
which has actually been mjheted "
This is the sentiment of the honorable member.
And, sir, I may well say, never was my aston-
ishment greater than when I heard him hold such
language of the President and the party suppoi t-
mg the present Administration.
Sir, of all the chaiges that have been made
against the President and the party in suppoit of
his Administration, whethei from false friends or
fiom open enemies, it has been reserved for the
membei fiom Tennessee, to go a full bar's length
beyond the limit of the most daring, and at one
stioke of the pencil, to diaw the tyrant, the
usurper, the crouching sycophant, and degiaded
menial. Could that venerable old man, under
whose paternal wmg the member fiom Tennessee
has, no doubt, often felt his greatest secuuty,
utter one woid of complaint for the injustice done
him, might he not, in the language of the poet,
exclaim —
" The arrow that deepest in my bosom went,
I lew Irom the bow pretended friendship bent'"
Sir, what degradation so great, what crime so
black, as a Piesident of the United States "at
the head of a band of chosen mercenaiies,"
" with swoid in hand," entering the Senate of
the United States and " driving fiom their seats
the Senatois that are opposed to him, anil filling
their places with members of his own appoint-
ment." Tine, su, the member tells you that the
President would not do this; but then he tells
you, to have done so would have been a wound
on the Constitution " less dangerous and more
easily healed, than the one which has actually
been inflicted "
I ask, what has the President done to the Sen-
ate ' What member in that body has received
wrong or injury fiom him' What is there that
that body, as a body, has not done to the Piesi-
dent ' Have they not attempted to blast his char-
acter ' Have they not charged him with a viola-
tion of the Constitution ' Have they not chai ged
him with usurping the powers of the Senate'
Have they not chai ged him with violation of the
laws and Constitution' nay, more, condemned
him unheard ' and more still—have they not íe-
fused to let him enjoy the poor privilege of plac-
ing on the Journals of that body his reasons why
a sentence, if not of death, of reproach, should
not be pronounced against him ' All this they
have done, and the story is but half told. Have
they not, in violation of all former practices, and
in utter disregard of that harmonious action con-
, templated by the Constitution between the power
of nomination by the Piesident and confirmation
of the Senate, refused to approve the recommend-
ations of the President to olficesof pressing neces-
sity ' Are not some of its members now to be
found in that body disiegarding the instructions
of their Legislatures, with the express view of
maintaining a majority against the will of the
people, against the instruction of the constituent
body' Let the honorable member answer these
questions, and I will undertake to tell him why
it is necessary that the Senate should receive such
compliments from a certain quarter at this time;
why it is that the Senate is discovered to be a
check upon the use and abuse of executive patron-
age. Why it is, at this time, so impoitant that
the discovery should be made, that if the Presi-
dent returns the second time the same individual
befoie the Senate for confirmation, that it is an
