1S36.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
397
•24th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Michigan—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
n
suggests that the assailants be left to themselves,
as, under such a mode of warfare, one attack must
necessarily destroy the other, and thereby justice
t> that extent will be done by the assailants
lhemsel\es.
Tin- honorable member from Virginia, in con-
ciudmg his able remarks, could not permit the
President to escape his special notice; and for the
purpose of showing what he assorted to be his
deliberate conviction, that the President had at-
tempted to interfere in the upproaehing election
for the Chief Magistracy, to give the influence of
:.is name to a favorite candidate; and for the pur-
pose of establishing this charge of dictating his
own successor, sj often and so unjustly made, as
I must be permitted to maintain, the gentleman
relied upon two facts mainly; one of the circulat-
ing of several numbers of a certain newspaper in
the .State of Tennessee; the other, a letter writ-
ten by the President to the Rev. James Gwin,of
Nashville, Tennessee. If, sir, the known, the
acknowledged, and established character of Gen-
eral Jackson was not sufficient to silence these
reports that have been so widely circulated in
the columns of partisan papers, not so much with
the \iew of injuring General Jackson as to excite
a prejudice against Mr. Van Buren, a very brief
explanation will satisfy any candid mind that the
charge is without the slightest foundation. Nor
would I pretend to notice what could only be
considered the current scandal of those whose
oiTice it is to impute bad motives to virtuous acts,
but for the fact, strange as it may appear, that
gentlemen of the most delicate sense of honor,
justice, and propriety, (and among that number
I regret to find the gentleman from Virginia,)
should have felt themselves constrained to snatch
from the inevitable fate such stuff is destined to
reach, and give it form, dignity, and substance
by urging its consideration before the Congress
ot' the'United States. Sir, what has the President
done' I have already adverted to his trial and
condemnation before the Senate of the United
States without notice or an opportunity allow.ed
him to defend himself. I have already stated that
when that sentence was about to go forth to the
world, he petitioned, in the form of a memorialist,
asainst that sentence, which that just and patriotic ■
body refused to receive and enter on their Jour-
nals.
In the progress of the discussion that took place
on his trial, the President had at least one friend,
and the Constitution and the laws had one. That
friend's voice was heard: it was raised in tones
of thunder against the iniquity of the Senate's
proceeding; and although stifled in that body, was
doomed to reach the ear, the heart, and the judg-
ment of every man on this continent that abhorred
injustice, oppression, and a violation of the laws
and the Constitution. Sir, this speech was pub-
lished in the Globe of this city, and the President
did dare to send copies of the Globe containing
that speech to a number of his first, his earliest,
and best friends in the State of Tennessee, men
who had watched every movement of his polit-
ical life; who had supported and sustained him;
who had fought their country's battles, and served
in the councils of the nation, side by side, with
him; who had mingled around the social board
with him; who, in short, in every situation, high
or low, had been the same consistent, devoted
friends. To such men the President did feel him-
self authorized, nay, called upon, when the Sen-
ate of the United States had not only preferred
charges against him affecting his character, but
even went so far as to condemn him unheard, to
give some explanation. That explanation was
contained in the speech he inclosed. It was the
best he could do; it was all that was left to him
to do. He was not permitted to speak for him- j
self. He was compelled to take such explana- j
tions as the few and faithful friends to the Con- j
stitution and the laws in the Senate would furnish
him. But it is said that there was an editorial j
article in the same number of the Globe prefer- |
ring some charge against Judge White, and that,
therefore, General Jackson did not send the paper
so much for the purpose of defending himself
as of circulating an editorial attack on Judge
White.
Sir, this is too shallow; it is really too small a
matter. Honorable gentlemen muet be more char-
itable. No man can believe that General Jack-
son for one moment thought of, or, what was
most probable, knew of the offensive article in
relation to Judge White. And none but those
who, like Judge White, could love the interest
of General Jackson better than their own, would
ever have thought of charging the President with
the intention of assailing another while he was
only defending himself.
Sir, in relation to the letter to the Rev. Mr.
Gwin, I have only to say that no gentleman less
talented than the member from Virginia would
have ventured to assail the principles therein set
forth. But the gentleman has discovered in that
letter the hand of the "magician," and, there-
fore, he is somewhat excusable. There is a terror
in the popularity of that individual that never
fails to startle some gentlemen whenever his name
is mentioned. And since it is their pleasure to
cherish it, they should be indulged, free of re-
proach. For one, I can only say, that I shall
continue, as I have done, to judge him by his
acts, ready to give him my support in such meas-
ures as I believe to be right, and equally prepared
to oppose him in whatever I believe wrong. But
to proceed: General Jackson had been charged
with an attempt to interfere with the presidential
election, and that, too, in the National Republi-
can, published at Nashville. This charge he
knew to be unfounded, and calculated to.produce
an unpleasant state of feeling at home, amidst his
early and constant friends, and to one of that
number he addressed a letter explaining the ob-
ject he had in view, which was to contradict the
report circulating through the columns of that
paper. For this simple act, the President has
passed through the hands of the gentleman from
Virginia, and has received from him the most
unbounded censure.
Sir, the honorable gentleman should have re-
membered that the President was repealling, not
making charges, when the letter in question was
written. Why, the honorable member from Vir-
ginia would not even allow the President the
right to deny that he had interfered, or intended
to interfere, with the approaching election. If he
remains silent under the accusation, everybody
is to believe it true, and the charge could then be
made with some propriety. But it seems there
is no mode by which (he President can escape
the censure of the Opposition. The organ of
Judge White in Tennessee charges General Jack-
son with being opposed to his election, and using
his influence against him. General Jackson is
not to deny the charge, or say one word; for if
he dares to do so, the very act of defense is to
be laid hold of as evidence of the truth of the
charge.
General Jackson in his letter says, " All my
« friends must perceive that, to be consistent, my
' preference, as far as men are concerned, ought
' to be for him who is most likely to be the choice
' of the great body of the republicans;" and yet
if this individual should not be Judge White, the
editor of the Republican is ready to cry out" Dic-
tation!" The President says to Mr. Gwin,
" You are at liberty to say, on all occasions, that
' regarding the people as the true source of polit-
' ¡cal power, I am always ready to bow to their
' will and to their judgment." And this is the
letter that has been introduced as evidence of
" dictation"—as evidence of " interference with
elections." Sir, such sentiments stand in need
of no defense from me. I should but injure the
force of truth—I should insult the understanding
' by further explanation of the charges brought
against the President in this respect. Let the
i generous and the just, the man who has char-
acter to lose, deny to any individual, however
high or low in this country, the right to defend his
reputation from the assaults of slander. Where
is that man to be found? I believe this right has
never been denied to any individual, however
humble his station, except to General Jackson.
Fortunately for him, for the age, and for the
country, he does not require it. His memory
lives embalmed in the hearts of his countrymen.
His virtue was never seduced; his patriotism
was never corrupted. He stands not solitary
and alone, unhonored, and unbeloved. No, sir,
whilst memory remains, whilst the fire of patriot-
ism burns in an American bosom, whilst free
institutions are cherished, so long will the name
of Andrew Jackson be remembered as the fear-
less, honest, and able defender of your Constitu-
tion and laws.
One word more, sir, and I have done. My
object is not to eulogize. That office has been
filled by those who are now arrayed against the
President. I worship at no man's altar; my pur-
pose is not to be accomplished by such shallow
devices. My aim is higher. It is of but little
consequence  what star is about to set.     We
I should look well to our institutions; see that there
is neither danger at home nor abroad—do this
j faithfully; and I ask but for this Administration
and the Chief Magistrate to each "do justice,
I though the heavens should fall."
ADMISSION OF MICHIGAN.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES BUCHANAN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the Senate, April 1, 1836,
In reply to the arguments against the admission of Michigan
into the Union.
Mr. BUCHANAN said:
Mr. President: Nothing was more remote
from m.y intention, when I closed my remarks on
Wednesday last, than again to address you on
the subject of the admission of Michigan into the
Union; but my argument upon that occasion has
been so strongly assailed t>y the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Southard,] and other gentle-
men, that I feel myself almost constrained to
reply. Even under this strong necessity I would
not now trespass upon your time, if I believed I
should thus provoke a protracted debate, and
thereby prevent the decision of the question before
we adjourn this afternoon.
I shall undertake to demonstrate, notwithstand-
ing all which has been said, that under the ordi-
nance of 1787, aliens who wer.e residents of the
Northwestern Territory, had a clear right to
exercise the elective franchise.
The territory ceded by Virginia to the United
States was sufficiently extensive for an immense
empire.    The parties to this compact of cession
contemplated that it would form five sovereign
States of this Union.   At that early period we
had just emerged from our revolutionary struggle,
,and none of the jealousy was then felt against
foreigners, and particularly against Irish foreign-
ers, which now appears to haunt some gentlemen.
' There had then been no attempts made to get up
a native American party in this country.    The
blood of the gallant Irish had flowed freely upon
every battle-field,in defense of the liberties which
we now enjoy.   Besides, the Senate will well
recollect that the ordinance was passed before the
adoption of our present Constitution, and whilst
the power of naturalization remained with the
■  several States.   In some, and perhaps in all of
:   them, it required so short a residence, and so
i | little trouble, to be changed from an alien to a
!! citizen, that the process could be performed with-
|'. out the least difficulty. I repeat, that no jealousy
I! whatever then existed against foreigners.
What, at that early period, was the condition
<'■ of the vast territory, part of which has been
j1 formed into the State of Michigan? It was a
wilderness and a frontier. The wise men of the
old Congress who framed this ordinance desired
to promote its population, and to render it a bar-
rier against foreign invasion. They were willing
that all persons, whether citizens of any of the
States, or foreigners, who should establish a fixed
residence in theTerritory.and become the owners
of a freehold, might not only enjoy the privilege
of voting, but that of holding offices. In regard
to the construction of the ordinance itself, I shall
not follow in detail the argument of the Senator
from New Jersey. Indeed, I do not consider it
a question for construction. The language is so
plain, that he who runs may read. No ingenuity
can cast the slightest shade of doubt over it.
The ordinance declares that "so soon as there
' shall be five thousand free"male inhabitants, of
< full age, in the district, upon giving proof thereof
1 to the Governor, they shall receive authority,
' with time and place, to elect representatives
' from their counties or townships, to represent
