398
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Michigan—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
' them in the General Assembly; provided that,
• for every five hundred free male inhabitants, there
' shall be one representative, and so on, progres-
« sively,with the number of free male inhabitants
' shall the right of representation increase, until
' the number of representatives shall amount to
«twenty-five; after which the number and pro-
' portion of representatives shall be regulated by
' the Legislature; provided that no person be
' eligibleor qualified to act as a Representative,
' unless lie shall have been a citizen of one of the Uni-
' led Stales three years, and be a resident in the dis-
' trict, or unless he shall have resided in the district
'three years; and in either case shall likewise hold
' in his own right, in fee simple, two hundred
'acres of land within the same; provided, also,
' that a freehold of fifty acres of land in the dis-
' trict, having been a citizen of one of the States, and
' being resident in the district, or the like freehold
'and two years' residence in the district, shall be
' necessary to qualify a man as an elector of a Rep-
' resentative."
Now, sir, I have said that this 1 iiguage is too
plain for construction. When had the people of
this Territory tne right to elect Representatives?
Was it when there were five thousand free male
ciíúení within its borders? By no means; but as
soon as there were that number oí free male inhab-
itants, whether citizens or not. Who wereentitled
to vote at these elections? They, referring directly
and immediately to the Jive thousand free male
inhabitants of full age.
The subsequent portion of the clause which 1
have just read, makes this question, if possible,
still plainer. It divides those capable of being
elected Representatives, as well as the electors,
into two distinct classes, conferring advantages,
in both cases, upon those inhabitants who had
been citizens of one of the States for a period of
three years. If a candidate for the House of
Representatives had been "a citizen of one of
the United States three years," he was eligible,
although he might not have been a resident of the
Territory for more than a single day. Nothing
more, in this case, is required than that he should
be a resident. No period of residence was neces-
sary. If the candidate, on the other hand, be-
longed to the second class—if he had been a
naturalized citizen of one of the States for less
than three years, or if he still continued to be an
alien, in order to render him eligible as a Repre-
sentative, he must " have resided in the district
three years." In short, if he had been a citizen
for three years, it was no matter how brief his
residence might have been; but if " a free male
inhabitant" of any other description, a residence
of three years was indispensable. A similar dis-
tinction prevails in regard to the electors. " A
citizen of any of the States, if a resident of the
district but for a single day, had a right to exer-
cise the elective franchise." If, on the other
hand, he were not a citizen," two years'residence
in the district" was required. The property
qualification was the same both for citizens and
for other residents.
[Mr. B. here read other portions of the ordi-
nance to prove that its framers were careful in
their use of terms, and always distinguished with
great precision between the use of the words
"free male inhabitants," and "citizens of one of
the United States," &c. He also referred, as a
further proof of his position, to the language of
that portion of the ordinance which provides for
the election of the Legislative Council.]
Now, sir, (said Mr. B.,) have I not clearly
established the position that, under this ordinance,
aliens were entitled to elect and to be elected,
provided they had resided a sufficient time in the
Territory, and were possessed of the necessary
freehold qualification? If I can comprehend the
meaning of the plainest English words, neither
doubt nor difficulty can longer rest upon this
question.
But it has been urged that, in order to become
a freeholder, a person must first have been a citi-
zen of one of the States. In reply, I might con-
tent myself by saying that this is begging the
question. It is assuming the very proposition
to be proved. But I shall give this objection
two answers. In the first place, although I have
become somewhat rusty in my legal knowledge,
yet I feel perfectly safe in asserting that, under
the strict principles of the common law in Eng-
land, an alien may purchase real estate, may hold
real estate, may transmit real estate to his heirs,
or devise it by his will. His title is good against
all mankind, except the Crown; and can only be
divested by what, in technical language, is termed
" an office found" in favor of the King. Admit-
ting that the Government in this country pos-
pessed the same right, they have, in the most
solemn terms, abandoned it, by holding out in-
ducements, under the ordinance, to foreigners to
become the proprietors of real estate within the
Northwestern Territory.
An answer still more conclusive may be given
to this objection. The old Congress which framed
the ordinance had the unquestionable power to
enable aliens to purchase and hold real estate. It
was their policy to promote the settlement of this
Territory; and for this purpose they have plainly
declared by the ordinance that aliens, or in other
words, that any free male inhabitant might hold
real estate. Even at this day, aliens, without
any restriction, purchase lands from the United
States. To lure them to make purchases, as we
have done, and then to attempt to forfeit their
estates, would be a violation of every principle of
justice and public faith.
The Congress of the United States have re-
peatedly, in relation to Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
placed the same construction on this ordinance
which I have done. I shall not exhaust either
myself or the Senate by referring to more than
one or two of these instances. In April, 1802,
when Congress passed the act authorizing the
people of Ohio to form a constitution and State
government, it became necessary to prescribe the
qualifications of the electors of delegates to the
convention. They performed this duty in the
fourth section of that act. It declares as follows:
" That all male citizens of the United States who
' shall have arrived at full age, and resided within
' the said Territory at least one year previous to
' the day of election, and shall have paid a terri-
' torial or county tax, and all persons having in
' other respects the legal qualifications to vote for rep-
' resentalives in the GeneralJlssembly of the Territory,
' be, and they are hereby, authorized to choose
' representatives to form a convention."
Who were these persons having in other re-
spects the legal qualifications to vote for territo-
rial representatives? Let the ordinance itself
answer this question. They were free male per-
sons, not citizens of the United States, who held
a freehold in fifty acres of land within the Terri-
tory, and had resided there for two years. Con-
gress, actuated by the more liberal and enlightened
spirit of the age, in the year 1802 dispensed with
the freehold qualification in regard to citizens of
the United States. They suffered it to remain,
however, in relation to those persons within the
Territory who were not citizens, but who pos-
sessed the legal qualifications in other respects to
vote for territorial representatives.
I shall merely refer to another instance in the
case of Illinois. On the 20th May, 1812, Con-
gress passed an act to extend the right of suffrage
in that Territory. Under this act no freehold
was necessary, in any case, to the exercise of the
elective franchise. The spirit of the age had cor-
rected this error in politics. I am glad of it. Our
own experience has taught us that the citizen, in
humble circumstances, who pays his personal
tax, feels as deep an interest in the welfare of the
country, and would make as many sacrifices to
promote its prosperity and glory, as the man who
has an income of thousands from his real estate.
Wealth never has been, and never can be, a true
standard of patriotism. By the first section of
this act Congress declared that " each and every
'free white male person, who shall have attained
' the age of twenty-one years, and who shall have
• paid a county or territorial tax, and who shall
' have resided one year in said Territory previous
' to any general election, and be, at the time of
' any such election, a resident thereof, shall be
' entitled to vote for members of the Legislative
' Council and House of Representatives for the
' said Territory." You perceive, sir, that Con-
gress, by this act, no longer retained the distinc-
tion which they had established in regard to Ohio
between citizens of the United States and persons,
in other respects, entitled to vote for members of
the Territorial Legislature. They are all blended
together into the same mass; and the elective fran-
chise is conferred upon them all, under the denom-
ination of free white male persons, who have paid
taxes, and resided one year in the Territory. The
phrase citizens of the United States does not once
occur in the act. In the second and third sections
these free white male persons are denominated
citizens of the Territory, not citizens of the Uni-
ted States. Under the ordinance of 1787 they
were, in fact, constituted citizens of the Terri-
tory; and this phraseology is, therefore, perfectly
correct.
The Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Southard]
has undertaken the Herculean task of proving
that neither the ordinance, nor the act of 1802, in
relation to Ohio, nor the act to which I have just
referred, nor the other similar acts, conferred
upon any persons not citizens of the United
States, the right of voting. How far he has been
successful I shall leave for the Senate to judge.
Those portions of the ordinance to which I
have heretofore referred were subject to the con-
trol of Congress. They have been modified and
changed in several instances, some of which have
been referred to and commented upon in this
debate. But I now come to speak of one of those
articles of the ordinance, essential to the correct
decision of this question, which is placed beyond
the power of Congress. To use its own emphatic
language, they "shall be considered as articles
' of compact between the original States, and the
' people and States, in the said Territory, and
' forever remain unalterable, unless by common
'consent." This solemn agreement has been
confirmed by the Constitution of the United
States. No person either denies or doubts the
sacred character and the binding force of this
contract. The fifth of these articles of this ordi-
nance declares as follows:
" And whenever any of the said States shall
' have sixty thousand free inhabitants therein, such
' State shall be admitted, by its delegates, into
' the Congress of the United States, on an equal
' footing with the original States, in all respecta
' whatever; and shall be at liberty to form a per-
' manent constitution and State government; pro-
' vided the constitution and government so to be
' formed shall be republican, and in conformity
' to the principles contained in these articles;
' and, so far as it can be consistent with the gen-
' eral interest of the Confederacy, such admission
' shall be allowed at an earlier period, and when
' there may be a less number of free inhabitants
' in the State than sixty thousand."
Now, sir, under this provision, these sixty
thousand free inhabitants had a right to frame a
constitution whenever they pleased. They had
a right to determine which of them should be
electors of delegates to their own convention for
that purpose, and which of them should not. It
rested solely within their own discretion whether
the elective franchise should be confined to the
citizens of the United States, or be extended to
other inhabitants of the Territory. It was the
right and the duty of Congress first to determine
the boundaries of the States to be formed within
the limits of the Northwestern Territory. Had
this duty been performed, the free inhabitants of
Michigan, after they amounted to sixty thousand,
would have become adistinct political community
under the ordinance. They would have possessed
the sovereign right to form a constitution; and if
this constitution were republican, and in con-
formity to the ordinance, they might have de-
manded admission, by their Delegates, into the
Congress of the United States. They could not
have been refused without a direct violation of
the solemnly-pledged faith of the nation. If Con-
gress had objected that persons not citizens of
the United States had been permitted to vote at
the election for delegates, they might have tri-
umphantly presented this ordinance, and declared
that the question was settled by its terms and its
spirit; that the time had arrived when they were
entitled to shake off their territorial dependence,
and assume an equal rank with the other States
of the Union. Throughout the ordinance there
is a marked distinction between " free inhabit-
ants "and "citizens of one of the United States."
It is true that Congress ha3 never yet doterm-
ined the boundaries of the State of Michigan; but
