1936.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
•21th Cong.... 1st Sess.       Services of Volunteers—Mr. Benton, Mr. Ewing, and others.
Senate.
our Tieaauiy, to be disposed of as Congress in
i:a wisdom might fioreafter direct.   It was no part
this section would only be exercised in the cases
enumerated m the Constitution, viz: when it
mi^ht be necessary to call forth the militia " to
ext'-iue the liws of the Union, suppress insur-
rection, and repel invasions."' Now, before this
force could be r.ust d, organized, and brought into
the tUid, t:ie wli >!e western frontier of our coun-
try mt^lil be.-vcrrun and laid waste, and its in-
habitants butclitred. But, if the section under
consideration sh-mtd be retained, as he trusted it
would bo-, judging fioin the decided vote which
it received in the Committee of the Whole, a war
may lie prevented, and the servicer of the vclun-
tieis no: required; thereby saving a large sum to
iy, to be disposed
might fioreafter di:
of our policy to provoke a war cither with'the
Indians or with any other Power; and it was our
bou'iden duty to avail ourselves of all proper
nvans fir its prevention.
It has been urged as an objection to this section,
that neither the President nor the Secretary of
War had  recommended such a force as it pro-
5iog"s to rais". To undeceive those who mi£rht
lave supposed that the subject bad not been
brought to 'he notice of the head of the Depart-
ment of War, be had to observe, that while the
subject of the defense of the western frontier was
nndtr consideration in the Committee on Mili-
tary AfT.iirs, the chairman of that committee [Mr.
Jniiv«ox] call-d upon the Secretary of War for
his views m regard to the best method that could
be adopted for the protection of the frontier ex-
posed to the hostile incursions of the Indians,
and recti ved, in reply, the copy of a letter ad-
dressed bv the Secretary to the Hon. Thomas
H. Devtox, of the Senate, wherein he says, as
follows:
•I submit herewith a report from the Quartermaster
Geu"ra(, e mniien? some valuable suicestions made by
that etp'riencc'l officer, whicli I cannot but recommend to
your cousideration."
In the report thus referred to as having been
made by the gallant General Jesup, Mr. W.
found (he said) the following judicious remarks:
li Five thousand men. ol" whom fifteen hundred thou'.d be
mowited. are neeessary for the defense of this line, and it
cannot >aieW be trusted to less. It will, thereiore, be readily
penen ej that, in the views [ have taken, I have had no
r<'f Tono*' 11 tiie en>ti:i2 military establishments : forcxpi'-
rnmr-e has shown that it h entirely inadequate to the de-
fense ot Uie country. We have neither artillery sufficient
for the forts on the sea hoard, nor infantry and cavalry
sufficient I-ir the interine frontier. If the companies were
pKced on a war establishment, and provision mad'* to arm
one of the refiments of infantry with Hall's rifles, and
mount it when the service should require it, complete pro-
tection might be afforded to the whole country. The ex-
pense may perhaps be objected to, but I llave yet to learn
that the blood of American citizens is to be estimated by
dollars and cents; and if it were, that system which is
most efficient wril be found the cheapest in the end."
Mr. W. was gratified (he said) to find himself
sustained in the views he had taken in regard to
the expediency of organizing another regiment
of dragoons, as also in regard to the efficiency of
such a corps for this service, by the opinion of so
experienced and able an officer as General Jesup.
Nevertheless, he would take this occasion to say
that he would give his vote for the proposition
were he not supported in it, for it should be re-
membered that we were now legislating for a
district of country much exposed to the hostil-
ities of a savage foe, and presenting a frontier in
Missouri, Arkansas, and Louisiana, of upwards
of eight hundred miles, which could not, in his
judgment, be safely left to the protection of in-
fantry only. Besides this consideration, we had
been calleó: upon by the Representatives of Mis-
souri and Louisiana, and the Delegates of Ark-
ansas and Florida, to adopt this measure; and
we were assured by them, in the strongest lan-
guage, that without such an addition to our peace
establishment their constituents will not consider
themselves secure in their persons and property,
both of which this Government was bound, on
every principle, to protect. In respect to the ex-
pediency of this measure, it was a sufficient con-
sideration with him that our fellow-citizens who
were more immediately interested in its adoption
considered it necessary for their protection.
The honorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Haves] was desirous of knowing whether the
Committee on Military Affairs, of which he
(Mr. W.) had the horror to be a member, have
had this subject under consideration, and, if so,
whether it was not rejected by that committee.
In reply, he had to say that the expediency of
raising this additional corps was discussed in the
committee, and, after much deliberation, it was
true that the committee rejected it by one vote
only; but whether all the members of the com-
mittee were present at the time, he was not now
prepared to state. Perhaps it was proper for him
to observe that he was one of the number who
were in favor of the measure at that time. lie
was then influenced in some measure by the cir-
cumstances that,at the eailyperiod of the session,
when the bill regulating the pay of the militia to
be cal led in to ser vice in Florida was under consider-
ation, the honorable gentleman from that Territory
[Mr. White] offered tin amendment to that bill
providing for an additional regiment, which was
supported in the House by the mover, and by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Glascock,] and
others, and seemed to meet the approbation of a
decided majority of the House. Tha^ amendment
was, however, withdrawn at the instance of the
honorable chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, with the understanding that the prop-
osition would be renewed in a separate bill, or
asan amendment to some other bill. Mr. W.
regretted (he said) that the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Hawes] had moved to re-
strict die appointment of graduates of the Mil-
itary Academy at West Point, as officers of this
regiment, with the declaration that, without this
amendment he would feel himself bound to vote
against the bill. It was a restriction which ap-
peared to him (Mr. W.) as wholly uncalled for.
The gentleman apprehended that the application
of the citizens of the West, who were the best
qualified for the service, would be rejected, and
the graduates of the Military Academy preferred
to them. But there was no ground for any such
apprehension. The West had its full share of
officers of the Army; and he would remind the
gentleman that the regiment of dragoons, now in
the service, was composed chiefly of officers from
that section of country, with the gallant and dis-
tinguished Colonel Dodge at their head. Did not
the gentleman consider, also, that if any of the
graduates at West Point should be appointed to
this corps, they are the sons of our own citizens,
and are selected from every part of the country,
in numbers proportioned to the representation on
this floor, and that, too, from all classes of our
fellow-citizens, whether they happen to be poor
or rich.' If there were any appointments to the
dragoon regiment now in service from the grad-
uates of that valuable and much-abused institu-
tion, they were selected as the most deserving and
talented young men in our Army; and selected
from a class of officers who, in point of correct
deportment and scientific acquirements in their
profession, would bear a favorable comparison
with any class of officers in this or any other coun-
try. Moreover, he would ask whether it was not
good policy to place young officers of promise and
talent in this service, that they might, after due ex-
perience, become eminently fitted for it. Should
it be the wish of the gentleman, or the pleasure of
the House, to adopt this amendment, he should
not, so far as regarded himself, complain of it, but
still he must say that he could see no reason for
its adoption. The appointing power was left by
the bill with our distinguished Chief Magistrate,
and he had no apprehension but that a judicious
and proper selection of officers would be made.
He earnestly hoped that the section under consid-
eration would be retained, whether the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky
should be adopted or rejected.
!                                         ___________________________________
!                  SERVICES OF VOLUNTEERS.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
I                     Wednesday, May 4,1836.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported with amendments the bill
from the House of Representatives to authorize ,
1 the President of the United States to accept the
services of volunteers for the defense of the fron-
! tiers, and moved that the Senate proceed to the j
i consideration of that bill.                                          '
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, hoped the amendments
would be allowed to take the usual course, and
lie for consideration; and that the land bill, which
was the order for yesterday, would now be taken
up and disposed of before any other subject
should be taken up.
Mr. LINN said that, so far as he was con-
cerned, no obstacle should be thrown in the way
of the final action of the Senate on the land bili.
In some remarks made by him some days since,
when a motion was made to adjourn over from
Friday to Tuesday, he had said that he could not
vote for such an adjournment, knowing as he did
the exposed state of the western frontier, and of
the imminent danger that an Indian war would
break out, and that he was anxious that business
should progress rapidly with a view to reach the
bill to increase the Army of the United States,
which was of the utmost importance to the State
he had the honor to represent. But as it was his
intention to redeem every pledge made by him,
expressed or implied, in this House or out of it,
he would not impede in any way the decision on
the land bill. Some observations have been made
as to the great necessity of finally disposing of
that bill, and the implied pledge to take it up
to-day. He must be permitted to say, he saw no
imperative reason for pushing it, to the delay of
a measure providing for the protection of our
citizens from Indian barbarities. He hoped gen-
tlemen would consider the lives of our citizens of
more value than the division of the surplus money.
He could consider nothing more worthy their im-
mediate attention than the protection of our fron-
tiers, threatened, as they now had good reason
to apprehend, with the greatest of dangers, and
particularly as that frontier had been placed in its
present critical attitude by the action of the Gov-
ernment in throwing large masses of Indians on
them contrary to the wishes of the frontier States,
and in defiance of the solemn protest of one of
them. He asked the Senate to look at that fron-
tier from North to South, and they would see a
vast column of Indians, the base of which rested
on Texas, now fighting for independence, and
against which province the Mexicans were waging
a war of extermination and perfidy. No Senator
can turn his eyes from this examination without
being convinced that a train of the most inflam-
mable materials is laid around our borders, ready
at any moment to have a spark applied and light
up the flame of war—of an Indian war, of all
others the most appalling. There was a moral
obligation imposed on the Government of not
only effectually protecting this frontier, but to
preserve its tranquillity, which could not, under
any circumstances, be got over. He was under
a sort of pledge not to oppose a speedy decision
of the land bill, but he hoped gentlemen would
not consider it of as much importance as the
measure now pressed on the consideration of the
Senate by his honorable collecgue.
I Mr. PRESTON stated that the amendments
proposed the addition of a regiment of dragoons
¡ and also a considerable augmentation of the
Army. It was suggested that strange occur-
rences had taken place on our frontier; that an
army,flushed with conquestand rendered furious
from the taste of blood, was rapidly approaching
our frontier.   Rumors of this character were well
¡ calculated to produce a certain degree of anxiety
I in the bosoms of American citizens. His own
imagination had been startled—his feelings deeply
pained; he had been sensible even of something
of indignation at the rumors of outrages, appall-
ing to humanity, which had reached him. His
feelings had been roused-, our countrymen, our
friends, our relatives, massacred in cold blood,
and, as report says, in violation of every sort of
pledge-, massacred after surrendering to a power-
ful force, acting under an able military com-
mander. But the rumors went still further. It
was said that there had been negotiations with
the Indians on the frontier, for the purpose of
enlisting their hostilities against our citizens.
True, there was no other foundation for these
statements but these rumors, and these rumors
were in themselves contradictory. Gentlemen
who are well versed in the geography of the coun-
try, had been unable to trace the operations on the
map. The whole was a mass of great confusion.
We are all possessed with some vague ideas that
