1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
¿1th Cono....1st Sess.      Services of Volunteers—Mr. Porter, Mr. Preston, Mr. Benton.
Senate.
Mr. B. said the Florida war now rages; the ¡|
southwestern frontier is exposed to the contagion
of hostilities; the whole West and Northwest is
open to savage incursion; troops are called for by
a general in the field, the public mind is anxious,
uneasv, excited everywhere. Vet what is the
scene in the Senate : What occupies our thoughts
in this Chamber' The surplus, the surplus, the
surplus' Distribution of money, division of the
spoil, is the absorbing and engrossing subject;
and until that is disposed of, our suffering country
calls in vain for help. He had read of such things
in history, but never expected to witness them.
He had read oC parties in some free States con-
tending for preeminence and for spoil, while the
enemy were thundering at the gates, but he had
notexpected to see the American Senate engrossed
with the bill for the division of money, while all
the bills for the defense of the country were
pushed aside, and the Governors of States ap-
pealed to for the forces which it was the duty of
Congress to grant. His motion was to test this
spirit—to see which was to have preference, the
defense of the country or the division of money;
and for that purpose he asked for the yeas and
nays on his motion.
Mr. PORTER said lie regretted extremely this
discussion, as hours, nay minutes, had become
precious, if we hoped to go through the great
mass of business which had been prepared for
the action of Congress. There had been as much
debate on the precedence bills were entitled to,
as was sufficient to pass one of them or reject it.
He hoped we would continue to act on the bill
which was made the special order of the day
until it was finally disposed of. That now pro-
posed by the Senator from Missouri had his ap-
probation, and without pledging himself to all its
details, he believed it would have his vote. Being
friendly to it, he thought it was injuring its chance
of adoption tc press it on for discussion and de-
cision without affording time for a proper exam-
ination of its provisions. That proper examina-
tion need not be a long one.
Mr. P. said he was compelled to dissent from
what had fallen from the honorable Senator from
Kentucky m relation to our military force.    He
thought u ought to be augmented.    Its numbers
were not greater now than they were ten years
aeo,and since that time our population hacfvastly
increased; our frontier had been extended in the
same space of time in a still greater proportion,
.and was necessarily weakened as it was enlarged.
Another circumstance called for an augmentation
of our Army.    Within a very few years (under
« policy which Mr. P. said he should ever de-
ploie) an immense body of Indians  had been
removed from the east side of the Mississippi,
and thrown on the frontiers of Louisiana, Ark-
ansas and Missouri.    In their original location |
they were circled on every side by a white popu- ,
lation, which insured  their good conduct, and
restrained their propensity to war.    They were
now placed on an extended frontier, thinly set-
tled, where —from causes he should not enlarge
on because they were obvious—a military force
ivas indispensable to give security to our borders.
Not less, he believed, than two hundred and fifty
thousand Indians were now located between the
west of the Mississippi and the Rocky Mount-
ains, who, from ignorance and the influence of
passions which constantly agitate man in a savage
state, were liable to be excited to hostilities, ruin-
ous to themselves  in  the end, but destructive to
the borders exposed to their first outbreak.    It
was humanity, therefore, as well as true economy,
to place a force on our frontiers which would hold
tbem in cheek, euid be ready to crash their first
movements.
There was another element to be taken into the
estimate we should make of the proposed meas-
ure, which had been glanced at in the debate,
and which could not properly be disregarded.
He alluded to the events daily transpiring on the
western boundary of Louisiana. P>y the last in-
telligence received from that quarter, it appeared
ilia'the war whiih had for some time raged in
one of the Mexican provinces was about to be
lirou"ht close, to ourselves. The inhabitants of
Texts were flying from their country and taking
refuse within the State of Louisiana, and their
enemies, flushed with victory, were close and
hot in their pursuit. He did not believe that I
the Mexican troops would cross the Sabine and ;
violate our territory. If Santa Anna had the ]
wisdom and ability which his friends long since,
and his enemies lately, gave him credit for, he
would cautiously abstain from any such step.
His true interests prompted him to respect our
neutrality. He (Mr. P.) believed he would be
governed by those interests. But while he be-
lieved it, it was impossible to shut our eyes to
the danger of collision between the troops of the
United States now on the Sabine and those of
Mexico. The people of this country had become
painfully excited by the intelligence which had
reached them of the war of extermination carried
on in Texas. That excitement had been com-
municated to our troops; it required only a spark
to put the combustible materials now on our
frontier in ft flame, and he was afraid it would
soon be furnished.
It had been said that our officers there should
have been  hearts and arms, but no heads; that
is, that they should yield themselves up to the
influence of their feelings, however their judg- i
ment might reprove the measures those feelings
prompted them to.    He had a better hope of their
wisdom and prudence.    A heavy responsibility
rested on them.    If, under the influence of pas-
sion, they involved the nation in war, they would
have a severe account to render for their actions;
and more especially if, at this moment, when the
forces stationed on the frontiers of the State of
Louisiana might be inadequate  to  its  defense,
they should, in their sympathy for Texas, draw
the war into that State, he knew of no terms of
reprehension too strong for such conduct.    With
all possible consideration for the inhabitants of
Texas, and deep and sincere regret for the con-
dition to which they were reduced, he could not
help thinking that the citizens of Louisiana, who
had remained within their country, had the first
claim on the attention and protection of the Federal
Government and the Federal Army.    He hoped
and believed this view of the matter was taken
by the President, however it might be disregarded
elsewhere; and that orders had been sent to the
commanding officers not to compromit the safety
of the State he had the honor in part to represent.
But apart from all the considerations of pru-
dence and safety, there were the higher ones of
justice, which forbid our intermeddling in this
contest.    We were acting under the eye of the
civilized world.    It had heretofore been our boast
and our pride that we faithfully maintained all
our treaties., in letter and in spirit     He trusted
that under no impulses, however praiseworthy,
would we leave the vantage ground we had so
long and so honorably occupied, and expose our-
selves to the imputation of considering compacts
binding only so long as it suited our convenience
and our interest.    We were the oldest independ-
ent nation on the American continent; we were
the strongest, too.   It behooved us to aspire after
the truest glory which a nation can acquire; to
exhibit the example of power restrained by jus-
tice, and ambition directed, not to subjugate our
; neighbors, but to improve and elevate them.
He believed these sentiments were those of the
large mass of the American people, but there was
danger that they might be forgotten under the
excitement of generous feelings.    He respected
these feelings; he shared in them; but he felt it
to be his duty, in the place he occupied, to sub-
mit them to the control of his reason and his
, judgment, and if possible to induce others to do
the'same.    No one had heard with deeper regret
than himself the intelligence of the dreadful mas-
sacres which had taken place in Texas.    It was
possible the statements were exaggerated.    He
i hoped they were so.   But if true, they were dis-
graceful  to  the  perpetrators.    The  people  of
I  Texas, whether right or wrong in their attempt
1  at independence, had done nothing to place them
'•  out of the pale of civilization; and if it were true
1  that a body of them, after capitulation as prison-
1  ers of war, had been basely shot in cold blood,
their murderers should be held up to the common
execration  of  mankind.    He  (Mr. P.) would
'  rather have been one of the gallant though mis-
,, guided men who perished on that occasion, than
the ruthless despot by whose orders they were
¡ assassinated.
But giving to these feelings their full scope, he
could not see in this and other inhuman acts cause
for war by the United States against Mexico. We
should never be an hour at peace if we set out on
a crusade to punish all the cruel deeds which
were committed in the world. Their proximity
to us, and their being inflicted on men of kindred
blood, could not change or enlarge our obliga-
tions. In abandoning their own country, and
becoming citizens of another, they had placed
themselves in relation to that left as strangers, so
far as claims for national interference were con-
cerned. We had no more ri<*ht to make war
because they had been unjustly treated by the
Power to which they had attached themselves,
than we had to intermeddle in the contests be-
tween the natives of the old States of Mexico.
Our unfortunate countrymen who settle in that
portion of Mexico which is now the theater of
war knew well what kind of people they were
going among. In all periods of history, the
Spanish race have been distinguished for cruelty
in their civil wars; extending no quarter, and
sparing neither sex nor age. The scenes now
daily enacted in old Spain, of which accounts
reach us every day, exhibit the same brutal fero-
city and disregard of all the claims of humanity as
those lately perpetrated by their descendants in
Texas. Those which took place in South Amer-
ica some years since, were, if possible, more
frightful and revolting to humanity. We did not
then throw ourselves into the conflict, and he
trusted we would not now. A war for revenge
he deprecated, as he did one for conquest. He
saw as yet no just cause for expending our blood
and our treasure, and he hoped that all who had
a voice in the councils of the nation would aid in
preserving our neutrality.
Mr. PRESTON said he was misapprehended
if it was supposed he wished to press the con-
sideration of this matter now. He wished merely
to draw the attention of the Senate to it, and lie
had succeeded in so doing. The final action upon
it might easily be deferred for a day or two. We
had rumors, to be sure, but he saw nothing in
them to justify any act of extraordinary vigilance
on our part. We need not operate defensively
or on the offensive at present. Santa Anna had
done enough to curdle our blood and shock our
sensibilities, but not enough to justify any war-
like preparation. He would wish to know, how-
ever, why General Gaines had made this requi-
sition for more men. It had been stated that the
Government were in possession of all the facts,
but he could not think so. He does not intend to
rush down at once upon the Mexican leader,
considering him a monster out of the pale of
humanity. Such could not be his intention. Was
there not something else ? Had not a communi-
cation from Santa Anna to the Camanche Indians
been intercepted ? If so, the President is in pos-
session of the fact.
We cannot interfere in Texas; it is beyond our
reach. But if this ruthless desolator of that prov-
ince has instigated the Indians to cross the fron-
tier and descend upon our settlements, we should
hold him responsible for every drop of blood
that may be shed. If such a movement is con-
templated—if it is taking place—then, after the
necessary information, let the Senate act. He
agreed with the Senator from Louisiana, that an
increase of our military was necessary.
Mr. BENTON felt himself called upon to take
the floor again, and to protest against the erro-
neous character which gentlemen were attributing
to this bill. There seemed to be a design to get
up a new panic, a war panic, and having lost the
chance of the French war panic, to try and get
up a Mexican war panic. We could hear of
nothing but of the dangers of war, and the duties
'' of neutrality; as if this bill was to make war and
1 to violate neutrality. People at a distance might
be excited bythis new panic, as they had been
by so many former ones; for it seemed that panic
tactics was the standing order of the day now,
and that all attempts to influence the public mind
were to be directed, not to the understandings,
but to the terrors of the people. Persons at a
distance may be excited by this fresh ghost of a
panic; but every person here knew, and the bills
and reports upon the tables showed the fact, that
this plan for increasing the Army grew out of the
