408
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
24th Gong—. 1st Sess.
charges of "high crimes and misdemeanors"
which were almost daily made in tins body two
years ago, they may well conclude that the peo-
ple of the United States will repose little faith in
the assertion now, that the resolution of April,
1834, imputed to the President of the United
States no criminal intention. To show that it
was the intention to impute the highest crim-
inality to the President in the passage of that res-
olution, the speeches of more than one Senator
who voted for it might be quoted. One single
extract from the speech of the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] after the resolution had passed,
will serve my purpose:
" In Senate, «íjirií 30,1834.
" Mr. Clay rose ■ Never, (said he,) Mr. President, have
I known or read of an administration winch expires with
so much agony, and so little composure and resignation,
as that which now, unfortunately, lias the control ot public
affairs in tins country. It exhibits a state of mind feverish,
fretful, and fldgetty, [a beautiful alliteration!] bounding
ruthlessly Irom one expedient to another, without any sober
or settled purpose."       *****
" But I would ask in what tone, temper, and spirit does
the President come to the Senate > As a great State culprit
who has been arraigned at the bar of justice or sentenced
as guilty? Does lie manifest any of those compunctious
vioiungs of conscience which a guilty violator of the Con-
stituuon and laws of the land ought to feel! Does he ad-
dress himself to a high court with the respect, to say nottun g
of humility, which a person accused or convicted would
naturally feel' No, no. He comes as if the Senate were
guilty; and as if he were in the judgment seat, and the
Senate stood accused before him. He arraigns the Senate,
puts it upon trial; condemns it. He comes as if he felt
himself elevated far above the Senate, and beyond all reach
of the law, surrounded by unapproachable impunity. He
who professes to be an innocent and injured man, gravely
accuses the Senate, and modestly asks it to put upon it 
own record his sentence of condemnation ! YVhen belore
did the arraigned or convicted party demand of the court
which was to try, or had condemned him, to enter upon
their records a severe denunciation of their own conduct?
The President presents himself before the Senate, notm
the garb of suffering innocence, but in imperial and royal '
costume, as a dictator to rebuke a refractory Senate; to
command it to record his solemn protest; to chastise it for i
disobedience."
Concluding:                                                               |
" The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Grundy] thinks that '
there is no coverlet large enough to protect all the various
elements of the Opposition, lie is mistaken ; there is one
of sufficiently capacious dimensions, recently wove at a
Jackson loom, called a protest, on which is marked a vio-
lation of the Constitution, and an assumption of enormous
executive power; and the honorable Senator had better
hasten to place himself under the banners of tho*e who aie
contending against power and prerogative for free institu-
tions and civil liberty. And he had better lose no tunc, for
the protest is the last stroke upon the last nail driven into
the coffin—not of Jackson, may he live a thouband year  ! i
—but of Jacksomsm !''
In a speech delivered at Concord, New Hamp-
shire, in October, 1834, by a Senator [Mr. Web- '
ster] who voted for the condemnatory resolution,
I find the following strong and positive assertions:
" It is true that the operation commenced With the branch
bank in this State, (New Hampshire.) It was tried t > make
that bank a political institution. Men here applied to the
President to make the bank at Portsmouth a political bank.
Thev wrote to the Secret try of the Tieasury to do tin*.
These are facts—made known to the world — not dis-
puted."
" It never was asierted, then, that the hank was uncon-
stitutional—that it was ,i' monstci.' And there was good
reason for this silence. The bank had taken no part in
polities; no one had been wicked enough to bring it into
the political arena. It i= as Hue as that our fathers tell at
Bunker's Hill, at Lexington, and at Monmouth, that this
outcry against the bank wis nised became the bank rcjused
to be made a jnhtical engine."
This language was used by that honorable
Senator about the same time that a committee of
the Senate, commonly called the Whitewashing
Committee, reiterated the same and other similar
language in justification of the bank and in con-
demnation of those who opposed its recharter.
I intend, in the remarks I have to make, to
notice the charge that the "operation commenced "
by an attempt on the part of the friends of the
Administration " to make the bank at Portsmouth
a political bank," and the statement that the bank
"had taken no part in politics." The testimony
on which the charge and disclaimer have been
based is the authority and word of the president
of the bank. I shall confront these statements
generally with other statements coming from the
same quarter; and if I shall fail to prove by the
Eresident of the bank that the president of the
ank and the aforesaid Senator charged falsely
when he charged the attempt to make the branch
bank at Portsmouth a political engine—if I shall
fed to demonstrate, on the authority of the presi-
Evpurgation of the Journal—Mr. Hill.
'dent of the bank himself, that he had enteied,
with all the money of the bank, into the political
arena, I wilt concede that the fuends of the bank
have not been quite as-much in the wrong as the
enemies of the bank have alleged.
1 understood the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Leigh] to say, there is no proof of abuses and
misconduct of the Bank of the United States,
unless we take chaigcs against the bank for evi-
dence against the bank. If he intends by this to
justify the resolution of the Senate which con-
demned the President of the TJniti d States with-
out a hearing—for it is presumed he would im-
pute these unproved or false chaiges against the
bank to the President, who has been assailed as
the bank's greatest enemy—I will answer his
allegation, that the President is guilty, by making
the bank falsify its own chaiges, and disprove
the bank's innocence by the confessions of the
bank's own principal officer.
The Senator from Vnginia says he is strictly
and pecuhaily a lawyer, meaning, I presume, a
lawyer as contradistinguished from the legislator
or the politician. Judging from the character of
his speech alone on the expunging resolution, I
agree that his description of himself is correct;
for who so well as the mere lawyer can wrap up
the plainest proposition in a web of metaphysical
subtleties' To those who place implicit faith in
him, all his propositions and deductions undoubt-
edly carry the weight of mathematical demonstra-
tion. To myself his whole speech appeared in
the true character of the lawyer, who makes the
most for his client; his argument was the reversal
of that rule which every plain, unsophisticated
mind would adopt to convince others of the truth
as it had convinced itself; he seemed to intrench
himself in a citadel of assumptions, applied to the
case as he would have it; and he afterwards made
all lus facts precisely to conform to his assump-
j tions. The late Thomas Addis Emmett was once
concerned as associate counsel in a case with
I Aaron Burr, in which the latter had the prior
1 management. When the case was about coming
to trial, Emmett asked Bui r what facts they could
prove in support of their client-' The answer
was, "Ask not what we can prove; rather ask
what is necessaiy to be proved?" Here is a speci-
men of the mere lawyei. It was in that early age
of the practice probably, when the profess on had
not learnt to thiowoff, as legislators, the ex paite
character as lawyers, that they were excluded
from the British Pari lament. "Sir Richard Baker,
'in his Chiomclc, under the year 1736, records,
' that the House of Commons ordered that no
' man of the law should be returned as knight of
' the shire, and, if returned, that he should have
' no wages." I would by no means íecur to tins
precedent as a parlmmentai y practice at this time
binding on either House of Congiess.
The point on which I would first comment, is
the charge which has been so often repeated by
the bank and its friends involved in " the contro-
versy, i dative to the removal of Mr. Mason from
the presidency of the bianch of New Hamp-
shire." This charge was not conjuied up until
nearly thiee yeais after the events to which it
alludes had transpired. It first made Us appear-
ance in the íepoit of a single member of the com-
mittee of the House of Repicsentativcs " ap-
' pointed on the 15th day of March, 1832, to
* examine and report on the books and pioceed-
' ings of the Bank of the United States."
The committee had been in session twenty-four
days at Philadelphia, (from March 22d to April
14th,) and were about to close the examination,
when the following proceeding was had:
'• On motion of Mr. VVatmolgii,
" Resolved, That the President of the Bank of the United
States be requested to furnish the committee with copies
of the conebpondence between himself and the Secretary
of the Treasuij, and Isaac Hill, late Second Comptrollei
of the Trea-urj, with reference to chaiges made against
the official conduct of Jeremiah Ma-on, President of the
United States Branch Bank in New Hampshire."
The correspondence, in manuscript, making
more than forty closely printed pages, was pro-
duced by Mr. Biddle on the instant. It bore
evident marks of age, having been thumbed till
parts of it were scarcely legible. The majority
of the committee, it is understood, before that
day, had never heard of this correspondence, nor
had it entered into the heart of moital man con-
Sen
ATE.
cerned in this correspondence, excepting Nicho-
las Biddle himself, to conetive tl at it could be
tortured into a purpose or use such as was after-
wards made of it. If a majority of the commit-
tee had time or opportunity to scan this corre-
spondence, they would by no means suppose that
such an inference could be deduced fiom it, as
seems to have been discoveied by the keen optics
of a single member, [Mr. Adams,] and aftcrwaids
concurred "fullyin all the statements made, and
principles developed," by another member of the
minoiity, [Mr. Watmoijch ] Mr. Adams's re-
port relative to this conespondence was m the
words following:
" The complaints made against the president of the bank
at Poitsiuouth, New Ilainpshuu. in the Miininci of 1629,
and the coire-pondi nee between the board at Philadelphia
and the late Sccietines oi the Treasury and ot War. torm
i poition of the documents id iting to the books and pro-
ceedings ot the bank, called lor bv the committee and com-
municated to them. The) are not noticed in the re poi t of
the chauinan, but, m the opinion of the siibscnbi r, are
more descrnns; oj the attention of Conqress and oj the nation
than any other part of the papéis commented upon, in the
report. An eüort, very thinly veiled, on the part of two
of the Executive Depirtnif nt  of the General Government,
to exeicise a coutiol, political and pecuniary, over the pro
ceedings of the bank and its branches—a control highly
exceptionable in principle and even contrai y to law—ap-
pears to him to be lully disclosed in those papéis. He will
not permit himself to inquire into the motives of the agents
in those transactions. It is sufficient for the protection of
the public inteicst that the projected encroachments of
powei were disconceited and laid aside."
So much for the high accusations made by Mr.
Adams against " two of the Executive Depart-
ments of the General Government." It would,
perhaps, be a sufficient answer—an answer that
would forever shut the mouths of all accusers—
to quote the statement of Mr. Ingham in relation
to this matter, written in June, 1832, near the
time at which Mr Adams's report first appeared.
At the time of writing this letter Mr. Ingham
was no friend of the Administration; and from
the temper he discovered after leaving the office
of Secretary of the Treasury, it might well be
expected that he would be no less willing to
see any charge of " projected encroachments of
power" established against the Administration,
than even Mr. Adams himself. Noticing the
unauthoiized publication of a confidential cor-
respondence nearly three years after it took place,
and the accusation made in the report of Mr.
Adams, Mr. Ingham, in a letter published in the
Philadelphia Sentinel, says:
" But mv motives were misunderstood, and my friendly
purposes wholly disappointed, and I now found mvself
virtually accused of a desire to exert the power ot the
Government to seduce the bank from its vestal purity into
a base political connection with the Admim-tralion.
"Having been picmulgated by an c\ President of the
United States in the legi-lative hall, and thus openly by a
director of the bank, [bv a Mr. Piatt, at a public hotel in
Trcnlon, undertaking to vouch for the truth of Mr. Adams*s
statement,] it cannot In I tojiistifv this notice. To be silent
would be to sanction lor the tiuth uhat I Know to be false,
and deeply pujudicial to my character."
*        ******
" When the fnendlv puipose of mv letter is duly appre-
ciated, in connection with the repeated declaiations pressed
upon me of the political abuses of certain branch banks, m
c irioboiation of which it was added that the selections of
directors wire, in many branches, made entirely from one
politic il part}, it should be lather a matter of surprise that
my suggestions should be so little obnoxious even to severe
and suspicious ciiticisin. It require- hut little knowledge
o  the liuman character to know, tint no bank can be faith-
fully and ínipaitially conducted whuc the director  are
selected irom one sect, whitever its character may be, pro-
vided their selection is made with a view to their sectarian
opinions; and when director  are found thus arranged,
however pure they may be, it will be almost impossible to
satisfy even an enlightened public opinion, that there may
not have been some design in the arrangement. The ob-
v ious and natural means to prevent abuse m such a case,
as well as to satisfy public opinion, and even to confound
clamor, (which is sometimes necessary in the administra-
tion ot public affairs,) is to give some variety to the organ-
ization ol the board. Such were the reflections which
induced the suggestion of forming suitable ' checks and
counterbalances" to preserve a proper equilibrium in the
management of the institution ; a measure in its concep-
tion purely admonitory and preservative, not only tending
to pi event the pernicious influence ot political bias m the
operations ot the bank, but incapable ot being perverted to
such abuse; sugge-tcd, too, by the constitutional repre-
sentative ot onelilih of the whole stock; forms the solitary
point, left hi Sir. Biddle, on tilach it is to be presumed Mr.
^dams has founded his ^raieand solemn charge. I shall not
now attempt tj show the difft rence between a measure pro-
posed to prevent, and one to promote an abuse, nor enter
upon a discussion of the rights of the constituent or repre-
sentative to advise the agent, or attempt to prove that what
might properly have been addressed to the dnectors au-
i point d by the President might, with the same propnety,
