1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
•24th Cong....1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Hill.
Senate.
be  ildr*«ed to the whole board    Thp question of right is |
too clear to admit oi a doubt     The character ol the pro- ||
ceeiliiigiiiu-tilicretorediptiidouit-litne-s, and the motives
«hi li in Unid it   mvvhitt vtr ¿round  it -hill bt placid, I
am conn nt to hi judged In t di-c triune public
•  Ot Mr  \iIiivh ho  ev trim  arrant lble his attack upon
roe, it «efuit tnoM ot that I should sty us little as* possible
\ great man has said oi turn • that he could not -ee the
truth     tin- c-i-i  i- a -triking ixainplt  ol the \u-dom of
that ob-< mti >n "
Mr. Ingham says, in the same letter:
' The iecret-uv oi tlie Trea-un, lor the time being, is
eitlu-ivtly rt-(xni-ible lor all the -eiitiuuiit- cout unid in
hi* t orre-pom'eni i   '
This explanation of Mr. Ingham, who surtly
could have no interest to exculpate any person
in tne Administration other than himself, would
aeem to be sufficient. So lar as relates to one of
the two departments, he takes to himself exclu-
sively the responsibility, and denies any and
every attempt to exercise an exceptionable or
unlawful control on the part of the Government
of eitner the bank or any of us branches.
Yet, in the face of this positive denial of Mr.
Ingham, the directors of the bank (in a report
adopted by a \ote of twelve to thiee, Decembet
3, le>33, many thousands of which report weie
gratuitously circulated, and paid for out of the
tunda of the bank) reiterate the charge in the
following words:
" It was in the midst of tins career of inoffensive useful
ness, n hen, soon alter the accession to po  er oi the present
i lecutivt . the purpose was distinctly revealed that othtr
dm e-, than those to tneenuutrv «ere required , and tint it
was nece-sarv tor the bank, in administering it  aftiirs, to
consult the political vie got those woo had no  obtained
the. ascendency in the executive // i* uiuier*raoti that soon
after that etent a meeting ua* he'd in H jshin^ton of the
principal chiefs, to onWer Me mens oí per^etuatins the r
new authority, and Mipo«fssun of the hank uat among the
most protmurnt object, oj Ike parties assembled 1 he hrst
open inonile-tauou ol the purpose  asm June, leiil, when
lowirlid eflort was made by the executive orfiitrs to
interfere in the < lection of the boird ol director- it Ports-
mouth At the head of this attempt was Mr Levi Wood
bury, now  member ol the present Cabinet at \\ asliuiglonj
who did not hesitate to avow in a letter to the secretary ot
the Irea-ury, which, tl ough marked 'confidential,' ivas
subsequently «rdered to be pnbli-hed b\ the committee of
investigation in 183a * that lie wished the interference of
the Government to remove the President ot the branch at
Portsmouth >**••> This letter ot Mr.
Woodbury was tran-mitted to the bank by the --ecreury
of the Treasury, who stited that 'Irom some etpres-ions
in his letter, it may be inferred that it is partlv founded on
a supposed application ol the influence ot the bank, with a
yiew to political effect,' in consequence of which, he
deemed it his duty to present it to the bank,' wiMrAeueus
of the administration in relation to it ' \t the same time,
Mr Isaac Hill, acung as the Comptroller of the Treasury,
until rejected by the Senate, and now a Senator of the
I nited States, sent a memorial from the members of Ins
political party in the Legi-lature of New Hamp-hire, re
questing the removal ot Mr. Mason In another commit
nication presented to the bank, be gave it as his opinion
that no measure short of Mr Mason's removil could tend
' to reconcile the people of New Hampshire to the bank, and
that the friend  of General Jackson, in New Hamp-hire,
have had but too much reason to complain of the manage
ment of the branch at Portsmouth ' Finally, the secretary
at VVtr ordered the transter of the pension tund from the
branch bank at Port-mouth, to another bank in Concord,
an act so obviouslv in violauon of the laws, that it was first
resi-ted by the bank,and then retracted by the ¡secretary
" It became then minifest to the bank, that there was a
combined effort to render the institution subservient to po-
litical purpose , and that it was neec^ary to comp to «me
immediate and distinct understanding of its rights and
duties."
To sustain this reiteration of an already ex-
ploded charge, the managers of the bank are
obliged to resort to a fiction of their own inven-
tion, for which there is not even the slightest pre-
tense of a foundation.   They say, " it is under-
•  stood that soon after that event, a meeting was
• held in Washington of the principal chiefs, &c,
« and the possession of the bank was among the
*  most prominent objects of the parties assem-
* bled. Now, if there be any foundation for
this story, could not the gentleman directors fur-
nish some better evidence than a mere " it is un-
derstood'" Of these "principal chiefs," have
we not a right to suppose that either Mr. Ingham
or the two other disaffected members of the Cab-
inet who retired with him, must have had some
knowledge' and has not each of them discovered
at least an inclination to expose before the public
any and every transaction which might go to
♦This is not true the committee never directed the
publication It was Mr Biddle himself, who, without ask-
iire liberty from the writers, shamelessly exposed tbis cor-
respondence.
disgrace the Administration' The alleged meet-
ing is disptoved by every circumstance which
can go to establish a negative' The facts of the
case itself, and among them the fact fully estab-
lished by the conespondence that the ground of
complaint against Mr Mason was not political,
demonstrated that both the alleged meetings and
its objects weie the mere inventions of a mind
predetermined to seek a plausible pietext for an
accusation of some sou
It will not be denied that the object of some of
the petitioners for a change in the board of di-
rectors ot the Portsmouth branch, was an ex-
emption fi om that exclusive political management
which had been pi acticed for years at that branch.
It was a mattei of notoriety that up to that time
every member of the board was opposed to the
Administration, and for the last three years, the
bank had been managed (whether with or with-
out the sanction of the directors of the mother
bank) with a view to political favoritism. The
bank had been before, as almost every branch
bmk has been since, a political machine, opera-
ting on the elections. At the time of the first
election of Ptcsident Jackson, all the directors
were active partisans against him, and in time
of scarcity, money accommodations were under-
stood to be granted as a matter of political favor.
This political management of the bank had
proved to be bad management. Mr Biddle, in
a letter to Mr. Ingham, of July 18, 1829, says.
" The office at Port-mouth liad originally the misfortune
to have at its head a Mr Cutis, who ended by delrauding
the I nut d Males of upvv mis ol tvv enty tliou-ind d illar 
ot the pension tund, which tin h mk vv i- obliged to replace ,
and I i-t y tar the otiici wis m iriy prostiatcd in tilt n ucrat
nun uluili -pre id over the country Out ot $16 ,Odd ot
loin-, «H'* 000 vv is thrown undi r piote-t, still further pro
tests vvcre expected, and the actuil loss sustained there
will not be less thin 5112 ÜUJ " * * * ' \ con
hdential olhcer vv is di-patehed to Port-mouth, who touud
the affair  ot the office 111 great jeopardv, covered with the
wrecks vvhuh bad 111 inigement and the most extensive
frauds had occasioned 1 o retrieve it, it became nt ce-siry
to select a mau ot the first rate character and abilities—
such a man was Mr. Mason."
To correct the "bad management" and "ex-
tensive frauds," there was at no time a change
of direction: the same individuals, from that to
the end of the chapter, continued to control the
bank — the same political coterie at all times
wielded it as then weapon of influence. Mr.
Mason was appointed president—he had been a
director and attorney for the bank before that
time—and he remained associated in the board
with the same men that controlled it at the time
of " bad management" and the " most extensive
frauds." Mr. Biddle himselt says," Mr. Mason
' is only one member of that board, consisting of
' the same gentlemen who have had charge of the
' branch for many years."
But the management under Mr. Mason became
fiom " bad" to " worse." The most profitable
and safe business of the bank had been its coun-
try loans made in sums of from $500 to $2,000
each, under an agreement that the interest and
ten per cent, of the principal should be checked
in every four months. As the bank had lost in
its large loans to speculators in factory and other
stocks, Mr. Mason took it into his head that the
small debtors were less safe than the large ones,
and, violating the plighted faith of the bank, by
a circular letter, called on all to renew their notes
every two months, and at each renewal to pay
twenty per cent, of the principal.   This course,
í rigidly pursued, created a panic at once, and Mr.
Mason stilt further contributed to the distress by
1 taking a large sum from the circulation and loan-
ing it in Boston to his own particular friends and
connections.
I      Within the town of Portsmouth, the excite-
I ment against Mr. Mason became almost universal
among the business men.   It was charged on him
j that he arbitrarily changed (by shortening) the
I   penod8of payments of paper amounting to several
II  hundred thousand dollars, reducing the time for
renewals from one hundred and twenty to sixty
I days, and increasing each call from ten to twenty
I percent.; that the best paper in the State was
I  refused discount; that he made a run upon one
I   of the local banks, with a view to stop it; and
II  refused drafts at sight on a Boston bank, and
I denied the Portsmouth bank time even to send
il (a six hours' ride) to Boston, fcr Us money there
in deposit; that the papers, under which the rev-
olutionary pensioners had usually drawn, were
iijected upon capuciousand technical objections.
In consequence of these reasons, and mainly for
the íeason that he threw into jail a citizen, (one
of In  own political party,) by vntueof a process
which, as a lawyer, he issued against him, be-
cause he failed to comply with the requisition
which, as piesident, he exacted in violation of the
teims on which loans were made, the public in-
dignation against Mi. Mason became so strong,
that his image was hung, and burnt in effigy in
fiont of his o  n dwelling.
Mi Mason had been placed in the ofRce of
piebident and attorney of the bank under a com-
pensation raised fiom $800 to $2,000 per annum.
Mi. Biddle, in his letter to Mr. Ingham, speak-
ing of Mr. Mason, says:
' Of Ins entire competency, especially in detecting the
complicated triad-1, and man igmg the numerous liw suits
winch -it un d un vitible, tin re could be no doubt Since
lit h 1- Iktu 111 orlici, he lias bien exceedingly u-eiul—has
s iv ed the b ink Iroui great lo- es—lias secured the bad debts,
nor until Mr Woodbury alettir wi  I lnlnrmedof any coin-
pliint agiinst him "
If the bank had intended to make severe exac-
tions of the people, Mr Mason was the man of
all others to do their business; but he was not
the man to manage an office of discount and de-
posits either foi the benefit of the batik or to the
satisfaction of men of business; and the result
proves the truth of my proposition. A tabular
statement, furnished by the bank, presents the
following as the profits on the business of the
Poitsmouth branch bank:
In 1828...........................$25,903 80
1829...........................    9,697 04
1H30........................    5,164 16
The tiuth is, Mr. Mason's severe tieatment
and violation of the plighted faith of the bank at
once drove fiom it its most profitable customers,
so that in two ytais the piofits of that bianch
were íeduced to less than one fifth the ordinary
amount.
These were the causes which induced fifty-eight
respectable individuals and films, comprising
most of the active business men in Poitsmouth,
to petition the piesident and directois of the
mother bank foi a change of the piesident of the
branch at the end of his term. Of these fifty-
eight houses, thirty-eight at least were men of
the same political paity as Mr. Mason The
most of them remain of that party, and, as a
proof that the main reason for petitioning for a
substitution was not political, I may state the
fact, that twenty-four of these names appear on
the only petition for a restoration of the deposits
to the Bank of the United States, which was pie-
senttd from New Hampshire duung the season
of panic and distress of the session of Congress
two years ago.
Scarcely any worse condition of the bank could
be conceived than that represented by Mr. Biddle
himself.    He says:
"A confidential officer had been dispatched to Ports-
mouth, who tound the affiirs of the office in great jeopardy,
covered with the wrecks which bad management and the
most extensive frauds had occasioned "
Further on, he admits that no change had been
made foi the better, for he says:
"Mr Mason is onlv one member of that board, consist-
ing of the same gentlemen who have had charge of the
branch tor many years."
It was against such a state of things as this,
that respectful representations were made by cit
izens of all paities in Portsmouth—and a major
part of those citizens men who had never sup-
ported the administration of Andrew Jackson,
! and men who did not support him so late as the
winter of 1834, in the act of the íemoval of the
' deposits—in favor of a change of the President
and direction of the branch at Portsmouth. And
it was at the especial instance of those citizens,
of all parties, that about sixty members of the
Legislature of New Hampshire subscribed their
names to another petition íecommendingachange
of the direction, and naming ten persons, a ma-
jority of whom was not, at that time, friends of
the Administration, as suitable for directors to
that branch. Neither did Mr. Woodbury 01 Mr.
Hill move in this business of their own accord,
but at the special request of the same citizens of
l Portsmouth, a major part of whom were then,
