410
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Hill.
Senate.
and since have continued to be, of the opposition |
to this Administration.                                               I
Mr. Woodbury, in a confidential letter to Mr. •
In ham, requests him to lend " any aid for the
relief of the complainers that he can with pro-
priety furnish."   He says:
" Oar commercial men are almost unanimous in their
complaints, and the people in the interior, who were wont
to be accommodated formerly at the branch, join with them
in a desire for the removal of the present president." " In
makin" these generai representations,! am repeating what
are in°the mouths of almost every citizen, of whatever
political denomination, and am inviting, at the request of
many, your influence at the mother bank in producing a
change." " Never, on any occasion, have I known com-
plaints so wide and bitter as in the case now under con-
sideration."
We have just seen how completely Mr. Ingham,
then Secretary of the Treasury, exonerates all
others than himself from any intention of assum-
ing political control over the bank, and how he
likewise demonstrates, that in making the repre-
sentation he did, he disclaimed "all desire to
derive political aid through the bank." Mr. Bid-
die himself shall speak of what were the motives
of Mr. Woodbury. In his letter of July 18,1829,
to Mr. Ingham, he says:
" It appears, then, from Mr. Woodbury's own statement,
that so far from employing the influence of the bank, [with
a view to political effect,] it is a notorious fact that the
complaints are male by Mr. Mason's own political friends ;
so that, in truth, if there be any politics in the matter, it is
a question between Mr. Mason and politicians of his own
persuasion."
Is it not surprising that in the lapse of little
more than a year afterwards, Mr. Biddle should
represent Mr. Woodbury as at the " head of the
attempt" to create a political subserviency of the
bank to the Administration? And this charge is
made by him in the pamphlet report of a commit-
tee of directors of the Bank of the United States,
adopted by the Board, December 3, 1833. May
we not account for this discrepancy in the change
of circumstances of the case? In July, 1829,
there was not even an expectation of charging
the efforts made for the removal of the president
of the Portsmouth branch, to a design of the
Administration to convert the bank into a polit-
ical instrument in its own hands; while in De-
cember, 1833, it became highly important that
the directors of the bank should fix on certain
unnamed "politicalchiefs"ashaving " distinctly
revealed" that other "duties than those to the
country were required" of the bank.
In the same pamphlet, for the purpose of
strengthening the charge of a " desire to derive
political aid through the operations of the bank,"
the humble part I acted in forwarding the wishes
of the citizens of Portsmouth, without distinction
of party, is misrepresented, by quoting from my
letter detached sentences going; to show that my
application had a bearing exclusively political.
Then holding a subordinate station in one of the
accounting departments of the Treasury, I was
absent a few weeks in New Hampshire. While
at my place of residence, which is the seat of
government, a messenger, who had arrived the
day before from Portsmouth, presented the peti-
tion, subscribed by fifty-eight individual firms
of Portsmouth, addressed to the directors of the
Bank of the United States, remonstrating against
the reappointment of Mr. Mason as a director of
the branch at Portsmouth, and representing that
"the administration of its concerns during the
• past year has created great dissatisfaction in
' this quarter of the country, and has been of a
' character, in our opinion, partial, harsh,and no
'less injurious to the bank itself than to those
'who are accustomed to do business with it;"
and also a memorial, signed by between fifty and
sixty members of the State Legislature, repre-
senting that they " have good reason to believe
' that the late management of the board of direct-
* ors of the branch bank at Portsmouth has been
' oppressive to the men of business in the State,
' and tends to the injury of the institution itself;"
" that the conduct of the head of the board has
' been destructive to the business of Portsmouth
'and offensive to the whole community;" and
respectfully naming ten individuals who are rec-
ommended as candidates for directors. This ■
petition and memorial he requested me to take,
on my return to Washington, and cause them to
be laid before the president of the mother bank.
Passing rapidly through Philadelphia, I had no
time to see or consult with the president and
directors, with whom I had no personal acquaint-
ance. I did, however, consult with two gentle-
men whom I knew, who engaged to lay the
matter before the president of the bank whenever
I should forward the papers from Washington. ■
It is my letter to those two gentlemen that Mr.
Biddle not only took and used as a public letter,
but the contents of which he has distorted, for
the purpose of forcing an inference that I was
interfering in accordance with the design of cer-
tain " political chiefs" at Washington to corrupt
the vestal purity of the bank, and entice or drive
it " into a base political connection with the Ad-
ministration."
The following extracts, embracing the whole
scope of the private letter which I addressed to '
Messrs. Barker and Pemberton, of Philadelphia,
under date of July 17,1829, decisively prove that
my object, so far as I had an object, was entirely
misrepresented in the pamphlet of the bank di-
rectors:
" Having recently spent several weeks in New Hamp-
shire, I am able to say, from my own knowledge, that the
sentiment of dissatistaction on account of the recent man-
agement of the branch at Portsmouth, by Mr. Mason, is
general; that his conduct has been partial and oppressive,
and calculated not less to injure the institution than to dis-
! gust and disaffect the principal business men, and that no
measure short of his removal will tend to reconcile the
people of New Hampshire to the bank."       *       *       *
" The friends of General Jackson in New Hampshire
have had but too much reason to complain of the manage-
ment of the branch at Portsmouth. All they now ask is,
that this institution in that State may not continue to be an
engine of political oppression by any party. The board has,
I believe, invariably and exclusively consisted of individuals
opposed to the General Government. Of the ten persons
named in the petition for directors, six are friends of the
last, and four are friends of the present Administration ;
they are, however, alike, gentlemen of respectability, who
, have no sinister objects to be promoted, understanding well
¡ the responsibilities and wants of business men. With such
a direction, I do not doubt the branch at Portsmouth will
be secure and prosperous, and satisfy all."
Under these representations the president of
the bank visited Portsmouth, and is understood
¡ to have exhibited every written representation '
made to him, confidentially or otherwise, to the '
eyes or the ears of the assembled citizens of the
• town; and the well known talent of his principal
¡' officer, for small verbal criticism and for ridicule,
! was put in requisition for an exhibition of the
letters and petitions before the people. It was
soon discovered to be no part of Mr. Biddle's
object to listen to the complaints of the people,
whether with or without foundation. He came
there for no such purpose. It was no part of his
object to satisfy that community by any relaxa-
tion of severity, but rather to conquer the revolt-
ing spirit by letting all know who wanted any
indulgence from the bank, how much and how
deeply they were under obligations to his favor.
The exclusive political rule of that bank from
that day to the day it was closed, was continued.
A directorship has in two or three instances been
offered to friends of the existing Administration,
and, being obliged to act as mere automatons,
each of them, it is believed, has declined to act.
That this bank, existing there for about eigh-
teen years, without taxation from the State and
having all the benefitsofthe public deposits during
a greater part of the time, has been of real injury
j to the State, must be admitted.    At first furnish-
ing, by extraordinary capital that could not be
j usefully employed, strong temptations for specu-
! lation, this bank terminated the career, by pros-
| trating in pecuniary ruin many men who might
have done a safe business through life if tempta-
j tions had not been thrown in their way to make
investments by loans from the bank.
I The charge in the directors'pamphlet, of an
effort at Washington " to render the institution
subservient to political purposes," by the order
of the War Department to transfer the pension
fund from the branch bank at Portsmouth to an-
' other bank at Concord, but illy accords with the
( other charge which I have at length been con-
sidering. If, in the one case, the attempt had
been to create a subserviency on the part of the
bank by changing the political character of the
directors, when; would be the consistency in de-
priving the bank at the same time of what seems
now to have been a privilege, but which, until
that time, had always been represented to be a
burden? The truth is, that a majority of the Legis-
lature of New Hampshire, having been always
taught by those concerned in the United States
Bank that the bank coveted not the privilege of
paying the pensioners, petitioned the Secretary
of War to remove the fund to a more central
point, which would make the average distance of
travel for each and every pensioner from twenty-
five to thirty miles less. In several other States,
up to that time, pensions had been paid by agen-
cies other than those of the Bank of the United
States and its branches. The Secretary of War,
doubting not his right, because it had not before
been disputed, directed the pension agency to be
changed. This direction and change threw new
light on the subject. The Bank of the United
States, to magnify its services to the public and
make them more than an equivalent for its exclu-
sive privileges, had represented the holding and
disbursing of the public moneys as extremely
onerous. But Mr. Mason presents an entirely
different view of the subject, which he offers as
a reason why the bank should resist the transfer
of agencies.    He says:
" The removal contemplated would lessen our means of
circulation, and, as I think, be very injurious to the bank."
It is difficult to perceive how the other of" the
two Executive Departments," the Secretary of
War, should have been acting in concert with the
Secretary of the Treasury, when he directed the
pension agency to be removed from a bank which
the latter was attempting to control, to another
bank over which, by possibility, he had no right
of control. It appears to me that the " two Ex-
ecutive Departments," if designing to do what
they are charged with doing, were acting directly
at cross purposes.
Connected with this subject of alleged inter-
ference of the Executive to render the institution
subservient to political purposes, is the charge
made against the President of having from the
outset entertained a violent hostility to the bank
and its management. This charge is counte-
nanced by the whitewashing reportof the Finance
Committee of 1834; it is more particularly set
forth in the pamphlet of the directors, after hav-
ing alleged that they valiantly resisted all the
wicked attempts of the Executive to sully the
pure honor of tho bank by forcing them to be-
come politicians, when they say—
" These extracts reveal the whole secret of the hostility
to the bank of those who, finding it impossible to bend it to
their purposes, have resolved to break it. For tins purpose
all the poisoned weapons of political warfare have, for the
last four years, been unsparingly and unceasingly employed
against the institution."
This charge upon the veteran statesman and
patriot comes with an ill grace from the man who
had for four successive years been nominated by
the President of the United States to the office of
director of the bank. Mr. Adams himself, in
his minority report, makes the boast " that Mr.
' Biddle had enjoyed the unquestioned and entire
' confidence both of the Government and the in-
' dividual stockholders."   He says:
" Ten long years has this confidence been enjoyed and
justified by that distinguished citizen and houorable man.
No question had ever been invidiously started how many
proxies he held ? The more he held, the more extensive
was the confidence of the stockholders in lmn. No scruple
had ever crossed the mind of any President of the United
States to deter linn from nominating him year after year as
a Government director."
Where has this man found occasion, in his own
erson,tosay.that thePresident interfered against
iim or his management until after the election of
1832? When did President Jackson " distinctly
reveal" to President Biddle that he required " other
duties" of him " than thoseduc to the country?"
When did the patriot statesman give Mr. Biddle
to understand that it was necessary for the bank
to "consult the political views of those who had
obtained the ascendency in the executive ?'' Could
it be possible that this immaculate institution,
with its immaculate guardian genius and head,
should have preserved their vestal purity for four
years? should have successively resisted every
assault upon their virtue, and repelled the law-
less assailant; and at the same time enjoyed for
the whole term the " unquestioned and entire con-
fidence" of its inamorato? The charge of seduc-
tion or force attempted upon the bank is false—
it is an afterthought, an accusation which will
return " but to plague the inventors."
n"
