412
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Hill.
Senate.
this Worcester speech; there was scarcely an in-
dividual voter of the State of New Hampshire,
who was not, just previous to the November elec-
tion of 163-2, furnished with a copy of this Wor-
cester speech. Such as would not take them from
the hands of the runners appointed to distribute
them, had them thrown into their door yards at
ni ht. They came into New Hampshire (about
the same time their author made us a visit) just
before the dny of election, when, too late for con-
tradiction, certain Boston gentlemen kindly certi-
fied to us false news relative to the Pennsylvania
elections.
This Worcester speech was not confined to a
vindication of the bank—it was spoken, printed,
and circulated for quite another object; and this
object will be best explained by reading a few
extracts from it. I read them, Mr. President, to
show that Nicholas Biddle practiced a most auda-
cious and glaring deception on the Committee of
Finance, if by artfully introducing his disclaimer
alongside of his account, he induced them to be-
lieve that he had paid for the circulation only of
such articles as were " explanatory of the opera-
tions and conduct of the bank."
Extract from Mr. Webster's Speech at the National Repub-
lican Convention, in Worcester, Massachusetts, October
12,1832.
" Mr. President, I take the hazard of the reputation of
an alarmist. I cheerfully submit to the imputation of over-
excited apprehension. I discard all fear of the cry of false
prophecy, and I declare that, in my judgment, not only the
great interests of the country, but the Constitution itself,
is in imminent peril, and that nothing can save either the
one or the other, but that voice which has authority to say
to the evils of misrule and misgoverniuent, hitherto shall
ye come, but no further."
**********
" Sir, we see one Suite of the Union openly threatening
to arrest the execution of the revenue laws of the Union
by acts of her own. This proceeding is threatened, not by
irresponsible persons, but by those who fill her chief places
of power and trust.
" In another Slate, free citizens of the country are im-
prisoned, and held in prison in defiance of the judgment of
the Supreme Court pronounced for their deliverance. Im-
mured in a dungeon, marked, and dispatched as subjects of
a penitentiary punishment, these citizens pass their days in
counting the slow revolving hours of their miserable cap-
tivity, and their nights in feverish and delusive dreams of
their homes and their own families; while the Constitution
stands adjudged to be violated, a law of Congress is effect-
ually repealed by the act of a State, and a judgment of
deliverance by the Supreme Court, is set at nought and
contemned.
" Treaties, importing the most solemn and sacred obli-
gations, are denied to have binding force.
" A feeling that there is great insecurity for property and
the stability of the means of living, extensively prevails.
" The whole subject of the tariff, acted on for the mo-
ment, is, at the same moment, declared not to be at rest,
but liable to be again moved, and with greater effect, just
eo soon as power for that purpose shall he obtained.
" The currency of the country, hitherto safe, sound, and
universally satisfactory, is threatened with a violent change,
and embarrassment in pecuniary affairs, equally distressing
arid unnecessary, hangs over all the trading and active
classes of society.
" A long used and long approved legislative instrument
for the collection of revenue, well secured against abuse,
and always responsible to Congress and the laws, is denied
further existence; and its place is proposed to be supplied
by a new branch of Executive Department, with a money
power, controlled and conducted solely by Executive
agency."     *       ********
" Sir, the question is wholly unsettled, and the principles
of the Administration, according to us most recent avowal
of those principles, is adverse to the protecting policy, de-
cidedly hostile to the whole system, root and branch; and
this on permanent and alleged constitutional grounds."
***********
"The question, therefore, of the tariff—the question of
every tariff—the question between maintaining our agricul-
tural and manufacturing interests where they now are, and
breaking up the entire system and erasing every vestige of
it from the statute-book, is a question materially to be
affected by the pending election."
From this extract it will be seen that the Wor-
cester speech had but little to do with explana-
tions "of the operation and conduct of the bank,"
but that it launched at once into all the exciting
topics which were calculated to influence the then
pending election. We may very much admire
the boldness of the speaker who could " cheer-
fully submit to the imputation of over excited ap-
prehension"—who could "discard all fear of the
cry of false prophecy"—who could declare the
country and the Constitution, every thing we hold
dear, to be in " imminent peril; and who, on
that great occasion, threw himself into the breach;
but we must detest that hypocrisy, whether it be
of the bank or its friends, which continues to de-
clare and reiterate that the publication and gratui-
tous circulation of forty thousand such speeches,
just on the eve of the presidential election, was
no interference in politics.
Why, Mr. President, this speech was like
Antony's funeral oration over the dead body of
Caesar; itopenedthe "poordumbwounds"of the
bleeding country, and roused the men of Massa-
chusetts, who had long been taught to consider
Andrew Jackson as the veriest tyrant, the most
hard-hearted oppressor that ever existed in this
or any other country, to such an effort as that
State had not madesince the time when its Legis-
lature resolved it to be " unbecoming a moral and
religious people to rejoice" at the successes of
our gallant Army and Navy, in the war of 1812;
it was such an exciting appeal as would almost
move the rocks to mutiny. This Worcester
speech in 1832, was but the commencement of
the gloomy predictions followed up in 1834.. The
administration decidedly " hostile to the protect-
ing policy," and "embarrassment in pecuniary
aftairs, equally distressing and unnecessary, hangs
over all the trading and active classes of society."
How often did we hear during the panic session
of Congress, that the estimates of the Treasury
were overrated; that there would be a great falling
off in the revenue; that confidence was destroyed;
industry paralyzed; commerce suspended; that
the withdrawal of the deposits had changed the
face of the country from a scene of unparalleled
prosperity to a scene of unparalleled desolation;
that the commercial towns were deserted; orders
for goods were countermanded; foreign purchases
stopped, &c? Now, mark how a plain tale shall
disprove all these predictions. The imports and
exports of the last five years show that the busi-
ness of the country has at no time been eo pros-
perous and so extensive as in the two years since
the withdrawal of the deposits.

Value of im


Total ex-

ports in the
Exports of
Exports of
ports offor-
OD
U. States of
domestic
foreign
eign and
eS
foreign art-
articles.
articles.
domestic
>-
icles.


articles.
1831
$97,032,858
$62,048,233
$18,324,333
$80,372,566
1832
10J.652,677
63.074,815
23,963.128
87,037,943
1833
109.000,000
70.642,030
20,021,373
90,663,403
1834
123,093,351
74,444,629
22,874,295
97,318,724
1835
149,878,048
101,189,082
20,504.495
121,693,577
Our imports and exports have fully kept pace
with the increase of our population; the former
exceeding the latter in about the ratio of profits
on foreign traffic, including the products of the
sea, earned and secured by our enterprising fish-
ermen and sailors. Since the commencement of
the present Administration, the annual imports
have increased from about seventy-four millions
to one hundred and fifty million dollars, the coun-
try has prospered as no other nation ever pros-
pered, in spite of the efforts to throw embarrass-
ments in the way. Surely something must be
due to the Administration, since it was to the
Administration that all the anticipated misery
and desolation were charged.
There was some little sophism in charging on
the President and his friends the acts of those
who filled the "chief places of power "in a south-
ern State, that has acted for the last few years
almost entirely in concert with those who sustain
" the chief places of power"in Massachusetts; but
we must pardon something to this liberty taken
by the orator, when we consider that he cheer-
fully submitted " to the imputation of overexcited
apprehension,"and ingeniouslycontrived to unite
the case of the imprisoned missionaries in another
State with the nullification of South Carolina.
The story told of the "slow revolving hours of
their miserable captivity,'' of their "feverish and
delusive dreams of their homes," was in admir-
able keeping with the efforts that had been made
for the purpose of producing collision between
the Governments of the State of Georgia and of
the United States, by citizens of Massachusetts,
who had prosecuted the suit and obtained an ex
parte trial and decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States.
One small circumstance the Worcester orator
seems not to have adverted to—and as that would
have spoiled the effect of his moving appeal, the
knowing ones readily excuse the omission—and
that is, that these poor imprisoned missionaries,
from the moment of their trial and conviction,
were tendered by the competent authorities the
offer of release and pardon, on the simple condi-
tion that they would either take an oath to sup-
port the laws of the State of Georgia, or consent
to leave the State without taking such oath. But
let that pass.
The speaker does, indeed, refer to the " instru-
ment for the collection of revenue, well secured
against abuse, and always responsible to Congress and
the laws," for the purpose of passing an encomium
upon the bank. The last report of the committee
presents but a sad commentary upon his allega-
tion of security against abuse; and, as if the bank
itself was predetermined to falsify the praises of
its very best friends, and to extend the range of
infractions of the charter to its utmost width, it
has since even refused to acknowledge that re-
sponsibility to Congress, expressly named in its
charter, by denying to a committee of the House
of Representatives all access to its books and its
proceedings.
But the question of the tariff was a subject of
high excitement to Massachusetts and the North,
and the Worcester speech, for the purpose of
alarming the people, declares, in effect, that the
then pending election will decide the fate of the
" agricultural and manufacturing interests," that
" the breaking up the entire system, and erasing
every vestige of it from the statute book," will
result from the failure of his party. Here was a
subject that appealed directly to the citizens of
New England; and the false attitude in which it
was placed—false, as has been demonstrated by
subsequent events—was calculated to mislead or
deceive the people. The bank might evince a
temporary cunning by pouring out its money to
circulate among the people information calculated
to alarm their fears and work up their already
"over-excited apprehensions." Was this not
interference in politics—a most unjustifiable in-
terference ?
I again turn to the Bank's Worcester speech:
" Among the great interests of the country, Mr. Presi-
dent, there is one which appears to me not to have at-
tracted, from the people of this Commonwealth, a degree
of attention altogether equal to its magnitude."
***********
"Mr. President, among the bills which failed at the last
session for want of the President's approval, was one in
which this State had a great pecuniary interest. It was
the bill for the payment of interest to these States, the
funds advanced by them during the war, the principal of
which had been paid, or assumed, by the Government of
the United States."     *******
"But where a State has so direct and so heavy an in-
terest, where the justice of the case is so plain that men
agree in it who agree in hardly any thing else, where her
claim has passed Congress without considerable opposition
in euher House, a refusal to approve the bill without giving
the slightest reason, and he taking the advantage of the
rising of Congress to give it a silent go-by, is an act that
may well awaken the attention of the people in the States
concerned."      ********
" The principles of the Administration are hostile to in- ,
ternal improvements. Here is another power, heretofore
exercised in many instances, now denied. The Adminis-
tration now denies the power, except with qualifications,
winch cast an air of ridicule over the whole subject; being .
founded on such distinctions as between saltwater and
fresh water, places above custom-houses and places below ;
and others equally extraordinary."
Here we find the bank taking ground in favor
of a bill in which Massachusetts had a " great
pecuniary interest." We all supposed Massa-
chusetts had been well paid for her claims for
services during the late war when she obtained
nearly a half a million dollars under the admin-
istration of Andrew Jackson. She got'from him
what she never could obtain under an Adminis-
tration at the head of which was one of her own
citizens; and now she complains that interest on
that claim was not allowed her! All who can
remember the history of our country twenty
years, must recollect the nature of these Massa-
chusetts claims. Besides the interest on what
was allowed, she has, behind, a claim for prin-
cipal amounting to probably more than half a
million dollars. When she gets the interest on
one, she will claim the principal of the other; and
to that will succeed another claim for interest upon
the last sum. It is believed that Massachusetts
has received quite as much for her war claims as
she was ever entitled to; and as for the other
States claiming a balance of interest, it is well
known thatmuchwas allowed them in these set-
