4145
ARPENDfIX TO THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pVIay 27,
£i£xn Gong.... 1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Hill.
Senate.
thing that was due to the Executive for what it
had (lone to subserve the interests of commerce,
to retrieve the property that had been unlawfully
seized, and to secure the rights of trade and in-
tercourse in all parts of the world, the merchants
in some of the principal seaports, fought the Ad-
ministration with all the infuriate zeal of mad-
men. Tbey were goaded on to the contest by the
Bank of the United States, which also forced
most of the local banks to aid her in the fight.
But, Mr. President, the detail of extraordinary
printing which I have exhibited is not all, nor
yet the worst part of the exhibition. That amount
js $65,103 25. The expenditures by the presi-
dent of the bank, according to his own voluntary
. confession, for which he renders no vouchers, is
$29,605. If he had no shame for the items he
has partially specified in his bill of parcels, what
must we suppose to be the use to which he applied
.the sura for which he rendered no particulars ?
If a trust be committed to my charge, and I lavish
my employer's money for illegitimate purposes,
accounting to him specifically-for a part, and that
part for objects wiiich would redect on me no
credit, and refuse to Account at all for the re-
mainder, alleging that a disclosure .would expose
innocent persons " to vituperation, malign asper-
sion, and peradventure of personal vengeance,"
would my employer and patron not have a right
to infer the worst of me; and could I, under any
.pretence, expect my friends seriously to offer for
xne ray reasons for concealment as a ground of
confidence to the same or to another employer?
We may well suppose that the expenditure for
objects entirely concealed was for something even
.worse than stipends to printers and editors. About
.the time of the removal of the deposits, the news-
papers regularly repotted everything that was
going on in the public offices. The proceedings
of Cabinet meetings were.hinted at and alluded to
in the bank press throughout the country, as if
they were regularly informed of everything that
transpired. Was any portion of the expenditure
money paid to secret informers, whose business
it was to pry into Cabinet secrets?
Nor is the expemditure of $94,708 25 (one fifth
of which, $18,941 €5 belonged directly to the peo-
ple of the United States) stated by Mr. Biddle,
all the expenditures which have been made. As
the record has many times been falsified, I would
not be surprised if only a part of the truth has
been given in relation to this matter. The ex-
penses at the Bank of the United States for the
first half year of 1833, were $63,861 42; for the
second harf of the same year the expenses were
$60,646 02; but for the first half year of 1834, the
same expenses were $88,714 03, from twenty-
fire to thirty thousand dollars beyond the usual
amount. These extra expenses, we have a right
to presume, until they shall be explained, were
made for no honest or laudable purpose.
Besides the extraordinary expenses paid for
printing, have we not a right to know how many,
and how large sums, have been sunk in bad and
suspended debts?   The committee has shown us
two cases of such lost debt.   The one is a debt
of Jasper Harding, amounting to $23,490 40; the
other is a debt of J. W. Webb and M.M.Noah,
which, in several successive discounts, amounted
to $71,575; the committee informs us that of this
debt$52,975 had been discharged, leaving$18,600
still tlue, on which Webb had given security, by
an assignment, which is absolutely, under the
'circumstances, worth nothing.   They say a part
of the debt has been "discharged"—they do not
say it ever has been paid.  I have ever considered
the loan that was made to Webb—a loan which
was not entered on the books of the hank until
the president of the bank found the whole matter
would be ferreted out—as little short of down-
right bribery.   Let the facts be home in mind,
that Webb's paper, of most extensive circulation,
and of a supposed influence greater than any
press in the Union, had steadily opposed the
bank, until the time this money was furnished;
that from this time, at first covertly and insidi-
ously, and by-and-Ly openly, it advocated the
recharter of the bank; and what better can we
think of this bank than the worst that has been
charged upon it?
In addition to this, Gales & Seaton, in March,
1833, owed the Bank of the United States more
than $80,000. This debt would probably have
been as bad, or worse oil", than that of Jasper
Harding, and Webb, and Noah, had not the
influence of the bank succeeded m electing these
men printers to Congress, in defiance of the public
sentiment. Opposition printers were elected in
1S33, in both branches of Congress; and the
extraordinary fact has resulted from this election
of printers, hostile to the Administration, that
the expense of the public printing has been
increased probably tenfold in the Senate, and in
the House alone greater than it ever was before
ia both branches.
The committee have mentioned two consider-
able suspended debts. The loans connected with
these must be considered in the same light, and
may well be added to the same list, as other
" extraordinary expenditures" made for printing,
&c. These loans cannot be considered in any
other light than the employment of money for
the purpose of bribing the public press. Report
speaks of other loans of doubtful security, which
have been "discharged," not by payment in full,
but by security in some sort, of ten, twenty, and
thirty cents qn the dollar. If such loans had been
so made and so discharged, in consequence of
services of any sort done or to be performed for
the bank, can the whitewashing committee give
us the assurance that they were made acquainted
with the facts? Might not "the possible danger
pf exposing innocent persons to odium or perse-
cution" have prevented the bank—especially as
they might not have been pressed very hard on
this point—from making such an exhibit of this
kind of accommodations and debts as the case
required?
We think we had a right to complain of the
report of the committee, not more for the opinions
it gives than for those it does not give. We com-
plain of it, that it palliates where it ought to con-
demn; that it omits facts essential to the case;
that where the committee were unwilling to haz-
ard their own reputation in justification, they
suffer the party implicated to justify for them-
selves; that where neither the committee nor the
bank can make a present pretence of justification,
they suffer the bank to throw itself back upon a
reputation which, previous to the appalling devel-
opments of the last two or three years, it was
allowed to possess. We complain that the com-
mittee place the effect for the cause; that they
offer as an excuse for the violent assault of the
bank on the industry and prosperity of the coun-
try, those very acts of the Administration which
were rendered indispensable to the protection of
the public from the abuses of the bank. We
complain that the committee should characterize
the withdrawal of the deposits asa " blow" at
the bank, whereasthe intention of the bank hy
holding on to the deposits was the aiming of a
more effectual " blow" at the independence of the
country, and the integrity of the Government.
It was for withdrawing the deposits of the pub-
lic money from an institution whose management
had been thus flagitious; an institution which,in
addition to these enormities, withholds at this
moment from the people millions of their money;
an institution whose whole course for the last four
years has been directed with a view to coerce the
people into its measures, or bankrupt the whole
community, it was for legally and constitution-
ally arresting the arm of the wrong-doer and pre-
venting the great mischief he intended, that the
President of the United States was unlawfully
condemned by a vote of the Senate. The people
call aloud that the record of this act shall be ex-
punged, and they will not rest until it shall be
obliterated. A simple repeal or rescinding of that
act will not answer. Nor can the denial of the
imputation of crime to the President be now taken
as evidence that the passage of the resolution
was a mere ordinary matter.
Jn the month of June, 1834, the Legislature of
New Hampshire passed resolutions which de-
clared—
" That the course of the Administration and of the Pres-
ident was entirely approved ; and that the latter, hy his
endeavors to restore Hie Constitution to its original purity,
by his integrity and thinness, by staying the expenditure of
the public money in an unconstitutional system of internal
improvements, by settling the tariff on a satisfactory basis,
by his resistance of all measures tending to a dissolution of
the Union, by his veto on the bank bill, and the stand he
has taken against the alarming proceedings of the bank, has
proved himself to be a true disciple of Thomas Jefferson
the father of American Democracy. That ho only evereised
a power conferred on him by the Constitution, recognize d
by the example of all his predecessors, «lien lie removed
from office the late Secretary of the Treasury, (W. J.
Duanc.) That the present Secretary of the Tieasuiv
(Itoiier R.Taney,) in lemovnigthedopoMtsof public momy
from the Bank of the United States, has violated neithei the
letter nor the spirit of the charter of the bank; and that his
course is lully approved by the people, and «as demanded
by the profligate conduct of the officers of the bank. That
the Bank of the United States ought not to be rechartered,
because, unconstitutional in its creation, it has proved itsf If"
to be an institution of the most deadly hostility to the free
principles of our Government, attempting to sustain itself
and to obtain for its friends political power by a course of
bribery and corruption, setting at defiance the Representa-
tives of the people, and veiling its transactions in secrecy
and darkness.
" That the late prbtest of the President of the United
States, against the extraordinary and unprecedented reso-
lution of the Senate, which pronounced him guilty of a
most flagrant offense, without either hearing or trial, was
a measure justified by his personal right to vindicate his
own character from unmerited reproach, and by his imper-
ative official duty to defeat the Executive branch, while in
his charge, from all intemperate assaults or unconstitutional
encroachments; and that the Senate, in passing sucha
resolution, violated the first piinciples of justice, and un-
fitted themselves for the proper discharge of those official
duties, which by the Constitution, (if these charges were
true,) they were bound to believe the House of Represent-
atives would soon Invoke them to perform. And they in-
struct the Senators in Congress from New Hampshire, to
vote that the resolution which they condemn be expunged
from the Journal of the Senate."
I presented those resolutions in the Senate of
the United States on the 23d of the same month;
and by a most extraordinary act of the then ma-
jority in this body, those resolutions were denied
a reception, proving that men who " feel power
and forget right" would even shut out a sover-
eign and independent State from the right to be
heard when she spoke not in conformity to those
sentiments; denying most effectually the right of
petition.
In presenting those resolutions, I then stated
the facts, that the Legislature which passed them
was elected amidst the panic and pressure pro-
duced by the bank and the speeches in this body;
that only three panic memorials had been pre-
sented from that State during that session; and
that the citizens of New Hampshire, of the months
that had been expended in reading and listening
to speeches on memorials, had not probably taken
a single hour of that session as her share. I also
stated that these resolutions passed the House of
Representatives by a vote of 163 to 62, and that
in the Senate they were .passed unanimously.
These resolutions, which were " contemptu-
ously" denied a reception in this body, and by
a technical objection which was proved to be
frivolous by the practice of the very Senator [Mr.
Webster] who made it, he having presented
resolutions from his Legislature under precisely
similar circumstances; these resolutions were the
first that were passed by any State, directing
their Senators to vote for expunging the resolu-
tion condemnatory of the President of the United
States.
I rejoice that the State which sent me here,
and which now sustains Andrew Jackson by an
overwhelming voice, has taken the lead in this
matter of expunging. The next subsequent
Legislature—the Legislature of 1835—repeated
this resolution, directing their Senators to vote
for expunging the same condemnatovy resolution
from the Journal; and so, I trust, will every suc-
ceeding Legislature of the Granite State, until
the foul record shall have that distinguished mark
put upon it which shall forever preclude the con-
demnatory resolution to be cited as a legislative
precedent.
Mr. President, being about to retire from the
Senate, I will take occasion to say that I leave
it with no unkind personal feelings towards any
individual of this body. Those who have known
me from early life will bear me witness that in
all action involving political principles, and in
matters pertaining to opinions which nave divided
the several parties, my course has been uncom-
promising and steady; at times, it may have
seemed that the pertinacity with which I have
adhered to opinions, and persevered in a course
which I had marked out for myself, had resolved
itself into a most unreasonable obstinacy. If I
have, on this, or on any other occasion, given
just occasion of offense, let it not be taken as an
act of mere wantonness—a disposition to censure
