413
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
24th Cong. ..1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
of defense which were built during the last war,
neai  the harbor of Portsmouth, and for its pro-
tection, weie designed as merely temporary in
their clwracttM, and at the close of that conies'
weie surTeied to go  to rum.    It may, then, be   j
sui'ed,.is a tmth.that the only sea-port town
within the limits of New Hampshire is at this
time uttetly dtfen&eless, that in the event of a
wai, if oui difficulties had not been auanged, if
actual hostilities had  resulted  fiom  lecent col-
lisions with our ancient ally, theie is no work of
protection either on the Maine or New Hamp-
ghne side of the 1'iscataqua, which could .have
prevented the fleet of the enemy from entering
the harbor of Portsmouth, and laying waste the
private property of her citizens and the public
property of our Government.    If the enemy had
cried " havoc, and let slip the dogs of wai," it
they had dared to invade our territory, to plant
themselves upon our soil, they would have met a
body of yeomanry too patriotic to be subdued,
too strong to be conquered; and yet this fact fur-
nishes no argument against the erection of a
sufficient fortification at the mouth of that harbor.
So far from it, it strongly exhibits the necessity
of the measure.    As all such works are intended
to give security against any sudden attack fiom
the enemy, to affoid protection to private and to
public property, and to inspire a confidence of
safety in the surrounding population, the first
inquiry then, is—does the harbor of Portsmouth
deserve protection and defense, at the charge of
the Government? On this point the Secretary of
War in lus report, which has been so often and
so deservedly commended, when speaking of the
contemplated works at particular places, (among
others, at Portsmouth,) remarks:.
" These proposed works all command the approach to
places sufficiently important to justify their construction
under any circumstances tbai will probabLy exist; thai the
public interest would be promoted by the pabsage of the
necessary appropriations for them It these appropriations
are early madp, most, it not all these works can be put in
operation this beason, and the money usefully applied as
fa&t as their progress will justify."
And he adds, " J think the measure would be
eoepedienf."
There is certainly no ambiguity in this lan-
guage used by the Secretary of War in his report.
There is no room for doubt as to what are the
sentiments of that officer in relation to this mat-
ter. And in this same document he further
remarks, that—
"AH the harbors and inlets upon the coast, where there
are cities or towi  whose situation and importance create
just apprehension of attack, and particularly u here u.e have
public naval establishments, should be detended by works
proportioned to any exigency that may probably an e. The
political considerations which urge forwaid this great object,
are entitled to much more weight. When once completed,
we should feel secure.
" There is probably not a man in the country who did not
look with some solicitude during the past season at our
comparative defenseless condition, and who did not regret
that our preparations, during the king interval of pence we
bad enjoyed, bad not kept pace with our growth and
importance. We have no  tins lesson to add to our other
experience. Adequate security is not only due from the
Government to the countrj, and the conviction ot it is not
only satisfactory, but the knowledge of its existence cannot
fail to produce an influence upon other nations, as well in
the advent ot war itself as in the mode ol conducting it
" If we are prepared to attack and resist, the chances of*
being compelled to embark m hostilities will be diminished
much in proportion to our preparations. An unprotected
commerce, a defenseless coast, and a military marine
wholly inadequate to the wants of our service, would
indeed hold out strong inducements to other nations to
convert trifling pretexts into serious causes of quarrel."
Such pure and patriotic sentiments are worthy
of the head and of the heart from which they
emanated. And what is their sum? That in the
time of peace, in the day of our prosperity, and
in the midst of our abundance, we should be pre-
pared for war. The quoted remarks of the Sec-
retary have Literally and faithfully described the
present state and condition of Portsmouth, and
of that section of our maritime frontier. A forti-
fication is all-important for the due protection
and security of the harbor of Portsmouth. In a
document communicated from General Bernard,
Commodore Elliot, and Captain Totten, it is
stated "that the only good roadstead or good
*  harbor between Cape Elizabeth and Cape Ann
• is Portsmouth harbor, within the mouth of Pis-
' cataqua river.   Line-of-battle «hipa can ascend
' this river seven miles above the town of Ports-
' mouth." And I hazard nothing in saying that
a safer or a better harbor cannot be found upon
the whole extent of our maritime frontier.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
must be much better acquainted with these facts
than I am myself, although we are both natives
of New Hampshue, and have both resided for a
time at Poitsmouth; yet my own lesulence was
merely tempoiary, while I engaged m the piose-
cution of my professional studies; ata much later
period the Senator was numbeied among the in-
habitants of that place. He must theiefoie be
much more conversant with its particular history
than I can be; and, Mr. Piesident, I hope, in the
course of the debate, he will lend his aid in doing
an act of justice to that ancient town, and to that
section ot the country. 1 am in the possession
of a memorial, presented to Congress in 1827 by
the citizens of Portsmouth, respecting the con-
struction of a dry-dock at the navy-yard at that
place, which contains much valuable information
upon this subject, and from which I must be ex-
cused for making libeial extracts. The memorial
represents " that at every penod of the history
' of this country, the harbor of Portsmouth has
' been considered of great importance for naval
' purposes; that, under the colonial system, and
' long before the Revolution, the British Govern-
' ment, aware ot the advantages of the place,
' were induced to make it aresoit for their vessels
' of war, and to establish a yard, where ships of
1 a large class were built for the public service.
' That during the war of independence, the Conti-
' nental Congress ordeied the construction at this
' port of a number of ships of the United States;
' and of which was the America, of seventy-four
' guns, the first ship of the line ever built in this
' country. The harbor of Portsmouth is formed
' by a cluster of islands, on one of which the navy-
' yard is situated, and through which the river
' Piscataqua, dividing Maine fiom New Hamp-
' shire, disembogues into the ocean. Several of
' these islands on each side of the channel, afford
' effective raking positions, where such fortifica-
' tions might be erected at a comparatively trifling
' expense, as would render it completely ímpreg-
'naDle to the attacks of any naval torce that could
' be brought against it. There is no bar or ob-
4 struction at the mouth of this harboi ;on the con-
' trary, at the lowest tides, there are ten fathoms
' of water at the entrance through the main chan-
' nel to the navy-yard, and at the navy-yard
' wharf, where ships of the largest class may lay,
' and from whence they may proceed to sea at
' dead low water. It is easy of access, and ships,
' when in, are safe from all storms; the loss of a
' vessel here, by stress of weather, being a cir-
' cumstance wholly unknown. It is never, in the
' most intense cold of winter, obstructed l>y ice;
' while other naval ports are occasionally closed,
' this is as free and open as at midsummer."
Such is the harbor of Portsmouth; and the pro-
posed fortifications at the mouth of Piscataqua,
are for the defense and protection of this haibor.
The position of Fort Constitution, on the New
Hampshire side, must certainly, and that of Port
McCleary, on the Maine side of the river, may
possibly, be occupied by the contemplated de-
fenses. I am entirely aware that ever since the
famous report of General Bernard, February 7,
1821, Portsmouth has been regarded with no
special favor. Although possessing advantages
superior to any other harbor upon our whole
coast—although the haibors of Boston and those
further south are frequently obstructed by the ice
—although some of them are inappioachable, by
reason of sand bars and of low water, and although
Portsmouth is entirely exempt from all such like
embarrassments, and although this same board
of engineers, in 1821, placed the harbor of Ports-
mouth in the very first class of those requiring
works for defense and protection, and ranked U
as the seventh in point of importance in that class;
yet, from that period to the present, hardly a dol-
lar has been expended for the accomplishment of
the objects recommended by the board. While
works far less important, in his estimation, have
been erected at other points, not a single step has
been taken, not a movement has been made for
the defense of Portsmouth, since the report of the
board was communicated, although the import
anee of the station has been time and a2ram ur°-ed
upon the consideration of Congiess. The fact is
we have had to contend with deep-rooted preju-
dices—with principalities and powers—and in
behalf of the good citizens of that section, I tender
my thanks to the Committee on Military Affairs
for having brought the intertst, the claim of Poits-
mouth to the notice of the Senate; and I cannot
but believe, that after a lapse of fifteen years,
Corgress will now pioceed to do that which was
asked to be done in 1821, viz: fortify that point
upon our sea-coast. It is important to have a
fortification erected there for the security of the
public property. Poitsmouth is about three miles
fiom the ocean, from the mouth of the Piscataqua;
almost directly opposite to the town, upon Den-
net's Island, is the navy-yard. This is the most
ancient yaid in our countiy. I have already
shown that at any season, in any wind, from any
point, you can approach this yard; and when
there, you have a sufficient depth of water to ride
in pei feet safety in low as well as full tide. There
is no yard upon our coast which can compare
with it, and will not suffer by that comparison.
Ships and vessels have been built at that yard for
nearly one hundred and fifty years, as the sub-
joined extractfrom a paper punted in 1828clearly
shows; and from the same extract, as well as
from other recoids, it appears that more public
vessels have been built at that yard than at any
other in our country.
From the Portsmouth Advertiser of September 25, 1828.
Launch —Yesterday at noon was launched, at the navy-
yard in this harbor, the United States sloop of war Con-
cord. She is pronounced by judges to be one of the finest
ships ot her class in the Navy. She is six hundred tons
burden, and is pierced for eighteen guns
The following vessels ol war have been built at this
harbor:
Ships.                                       Guns.                    Dates.
Falkland........................54                          1690-
Bedford.........................32                          1696
A menta.........................50                          1749
Kaleigh..........................32                          1775
Ranger ..........................18                          1777
Ameuca........................ 74                          1732
Crescent..........................32                          1797
Scammell.................... 14                          1797
Portsmouth.......................24                          179 
Congress.........................36                          1799-
Wdslnngton.....................74                          1814
Porpoise........................14                          1821
Concord..........................18                          1828
Alabama.......................74 >    .,        .    ,
Santee........................ _ 44 £ not launched.
The America, the first ship of the line built
in our country, under the agency of that true
patriot, the Hon. John Langdon, was, in 1782,
presented by Congress to our distinguished ally,
the King of France. The Ranger, another vessel
built at that navy-yard, is identified, With its
intrepid commander, with some of the glorious
achievements of our Revolution. This naval
station is approachable by vessels of any size; it
is situated on an island of less than sixty acres,
and is easily defended by woiks erected for that
Curpose upon any of the commanding heights
y which it is surrounded. This navy-yard is
now so connected with the main shore by bridges,
that in case of fire it may be readily defended by
the citizens of Portsmouth and the adjacent coun-
try ; and it is believed that insurance of the public
property on that island, by reason of the facilities
of communication, is reduced at least one per
cent., and less than at any other naval depot
upon our coast. Another advantage which this
yard possesses over other yards is, that it is
located in the midst of ship carpenters and build-
ers, at a point where all the materials for ship-
building can be procured, at a less rate than else-
where; where every description of labor costsr
less than it does at the yard at Charlestown,
Massachusetts, at Gosport, or any other yard in
our country.
" Here ship carpenters in any number usually wanted,
can be readily obtained upon an emergency lor repainng or
building. At Gosport, nearly one third of all the expendi-
tures in the United States are made for the repairs of our
public vessels; and at certain seasons of the jear, it is not
approachable. During this very last winter, if I am not
mistaken, it bas not been possible at all times to approach
the jard. A heavy loaded seventy-lour would And it difii-
cult, without lessening hpr cargo, to reach that point in
twenty five feet of water, the usual depth in full tide ; while
at Portsmouth, at thp lowest ebb, near the yard, jou have
always a depth of at least forty-five feet."
