1S36.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
21th Covg....1^t Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
A ¡r* i n
I h   lain rvnti in the hull of ship* !*• ftr It '•s it this
thvriut'ii «itioi - turilur m ut i     A diittrenceot twent\
ti\        rent  in t'ii- rt-pt< t m i\ be c lit ul md ( n    an mi
pom it and scnous consideration when vessds ot war ore
lor i long uuit laid up in orilin in ''
This sineli  fact stows the all importance of
having a dry-dock established at this naval sta-
tion, and, with reference to this very sub|ect,
Congress passed an acton the 3d of March, 18:27,
auth inzuí? the Piesident to cause the navy-\ards
of the United States to be thoroughly examined,
and plans to be prepared and sanctioned by the
President, for the improvement of the same, and
the preservation of the public property therein
And by the same act the President is authorized
to have constructed two dry-docks on the most
approved plan, for the use of the Navy of the
United States; the one of the said docks to be
erected at some point to the south, and the other
to the north of the Potomac river.
" Commodores Chauneey, Bainbndge, and Morri , were
appointed commissioners bv the President to carrv this net
into etlect. 1 lie high opinion they entertained ol this yard
m plain!) made mauilt >t bv the improvements they rtconi
rat ndi d > the dimensions ol the ground, plans ot \v Inch are
here subjoined
" Une dry-dock; commandant's house, 50 feet square,
wiiii out buildings extending SO teet in length, houses for
fl> t officers, one 32 feet in front, the other tour 30 fett, in
cludi i  out building* extending 8 > feet to the rear, porter'*
hnu-e 30 feet by "2o, two «Inp-hou^es, each 'HO leet bv 120,
to be located one each side of toe bridge, smithery, loO
leet by bü , one umber «lied, 300 leet by 6j, tHO tuuber
6*1 J-. eii.li 2011 fiet b\ 6V> one umbershed, 173 teet h) 6o ,
one -in «hed "0 fret bv 25 one sw *hed, 70 teet h\ 20,
one timber dock 440 feet by 200, one store hou-e, 12t leet
by 5«i; one mast and boat slied, 230 teet by TO, one rigging
«lid ~ad loft, 175 teet by 7l), pile wharf, lot) feet by 00 ,
armorv, tinman J, and coppersmith 3 shop, 6<> feet bv 2>,
quiv wall- ad litional uhirves, building -lip, road, anchor
and ma w mrf, and coal-house
•' V> ben these improvements are carried into effect, the
yard wdl probably be leveled, the wooden buildings all
taktn diivn, except the two «hip house*, and the new
building  be constructed of brick and stone "
It would be difficult to present any piece of
evidenee of higher authority than this report of
the commissioners, which goes most clearly to
establish the extent and importance of this navy-
yard, and which also recommends the establish-
ment of a " drj dock" to be connected with this
Station. I would state,Mr. President, as further
evidence of the extent of the public property at
this naval depot, there was, in lt29, ship timber
d posited for use in the timber dock and in sheds,
to the value of §352,000, and that the material
for ship-building has more than doubled since at
that yard.
Again, it is a fact, and worthy of consideration,
that any given vessel of any size can be built,
and is ordinarily built at Portsmouth from twelve
to twenty per cent, less than at any other yard
in the country, it results from the fact that mate-
r als can there be procured at a cheaper rate than
they can at other yards. Labor is cheaper also,
and can,an! does, accomplish more. Commo-
dore Bainbridge, in his report to the Secretary
of the Navy in 1827, shows the sum total of the
whole cost of bui'ding each vessel at each yard,
when any other vessel of a like size has been
bui't at any other yard, and exhibits the whole
cost of building the sloops Lexington and Boston,
(vessels of the game size,) and the schooners
Porpoise and Alligator. It will distinctly appear
that a vessel built at New York costs fifteen per
cent more than one of the same size built at
Boston, and a ressel built at Boston costs ten
per cent, more than one of the same size built at
Portsmouth. The Lexington, a sloop, was built
tn New York, and cost $112,080 89. The Bos-
ton, a sloop, built in Boston, cost (96,938 40;
making a difference of more than fifteen per cent,
in the cost of building between New York and
Boston, and in fa or of the latter. The Porpoise,
a schooner, was built at Portsmouth, and cost
|20,408 75. The Alligator, a schooner, built at
Boston, and cost $22,745 65, making a difference
of more than ten per cent in the cost of building
between Portsmouth and Boston, and in favor of
the former, and bence it follows that the differ-
ence in the oofct of building between New York
and Portsmouth is more than twenty-five per
cent , and in favor of Portsmouth
I have stated, Mr. President, all that I wish to
state with reference to the navy-yard at Ports-
mouth, and with reference to the public property
ordinarily at that yat d I would, then, close this
part of my argument, by adding that fortifications '
at the mouth of the Piscataqua would aftoid ample
protection and security to this naval station, and
to the public proptrty then deposited It is also
nt cessary to fortify the harbor of Poitsmouth,
with a view to the better security and protection,
in time of war, of the population of Portsmouth,
and of the adjacent country The amount of pop-
ulation whuh would denve an immediate benefit
in tune of war by the trectton of a permanent
fortification at the mouth of the Piscataqua, w ould
fill but little short of thirty thousand inhabitants,
comprising as patriotic, as enterprising, as indus-
trious a portion of the community as can be found
within the limits of the Republic They have
strong and unanswerable (hums upon the Gov-
ernment for protection and security No State
did more in proportion to her means, for the
achievement of American independence than New
Hampslne—she was one of the pioneers of the
Re\ olution No State has done more to maintain
inviolate that independence, no State has received
less fav or at the hand" of the Government. It is
due, then,to New Hampshire that hercommercial
capital—the only sea-port town of her State—
should be well fortified, and rendered impregna-
ble to the attacks of her and her country's ene-
mies A fortification is necessary for the proper
protection and security of private pioperty.
As I have before remarked, Portsmouth is situ-
ated about three miles fiom the mouth of the
Piscataqua. It has a population of nearly ten
thousand inhab tants; it has a large shipping in-
terest employed, principally in the carrying trade,
an interest, to a very considerable extent, in the
South Sea whale fishing She has also a large
interest in the West India tiade, and a very ex-
tensive coasting trade It is not my purpose,
Mr. President, to enter into any comparison be-
tween the tonnage of Poi tsmouth and the tonnage
of other ports, or between the exports and imports
of New Hampshire with the exports and imports
of other States I hold such calculations and
comparisons wholly unnectssary and superflu-
ous It is on the ground of affording a just pro-
tection to the population, and adequate security
to public and private piopeity, that I íest our
claim in favor of the measure It is on these
grounds that 1 place my reliance for the vote of
the Senate for this particular appropriation.
The Piscataqua divides into five branches above
Portsmouth The most easterly branch is called
Salmon Falls river. The tide flows up this river
to South Berwick, a flourishing and populous
town in Maine Upon this branch also is situated
Somersett, in New Hampshire, a large manufac-
turing village, with a population exceeding three
thousand inhabitants, and giving employment to
a capital in manufactures of nearly two millions
of dollars. The next westerly branch of the Pis-
cataqua is the Cocheco river; the tide extending
up this river to Dover, a distance of thirteen
miles, at least, from the mouth of the Piscataqua.
This town now contains nearly seven thousand
inhabitants, and has an extensive trade Dover
is second to no town in New England save
Lowell, in the excellence and extent of its manu-
facturing establishments, employing a capital of
three millions of dollars. This place has also a
large shipping interest. There are annually built,
both at Dover and at South Berwick, many
private vessels. Still further west you strike the
Durham river; at the head of the tide waters
stands Durham,a flourishing ship-building town.
Another branch of the Piscataqua is Lamprey
river, at the head of the tide waters of which is
situated Newmarket, also an extensive manufac-
! tunng town, having not less than a million of
i dollars entirely employed in that business, and
possessing a population of upwards of two thou-
I sand inhabitants. The fifth and last branch leads
to Exeter, containing a population of three thou-
sand inhabitants; a town of great wealth, and
I possessing also an interest in manufactures. If
the Piscataqua consisted of but one branch from
the head of tide water to the ocean and upon it
were concentrated, in one town, all the popula-
I tion and all the business of the vanous towns on
its branches, the importance, the necessity, of pro-
| tecting the entrance of this river, would be better
I understood    But I cannot doubt, Mr. President,
that enough has been shown to prove the neces-
sity of foi tifying the harbor at Portsmouth
The project of erectinsr a fortification at the
mouth of the Piscataqua has not a recent origin.
This point has been moie or less protected and
defended for nearly a century. Befoie and during
the peuod of the Revolution, the British Govern-
ment had erected a fort foi its defense and pio-
tection, and fiom the adoption of the Constitu-
tion to this peí íod, appropriations h tve been made
—spaiingly, I admit—for the repairs of this for-
tiess. It speaking of Fort Constitution, Mi.
Jefferson says, " that it is the remains of an an-
cient fortification, which has been repaired at dif-
ferent penods, with some impiovements " From
1789 to 1830, less than one hundred thousand
dollars in the aggregate had been expended by
the Government upon this woik. But it will be
found, by referring to the tables, that there has
been, in almost every year, some small expendi-
ture for the purpose of making íepairs.
As further evidence that the Government con-
sideied it an important point, and one requiring
works for defense, it will be found that, in 1794,
a committee of Confess to whom thesubjeot was
referred reported as their opinion that the port
and harbor of Portsmouth ought to be protected,
and recommended an appropriation, and an act
was passed accordingly And at an after period
it was resolved, that the necessary works for
fortifying the ports and harbors of the United
States ought to be constructed of the most dura-
ble mater.als, so as best to answer the purposes
of defense and permanency And in 1796, Mr.
Pickering, then Secretary of War, reported in
highly favorable terms of" the propnety, utility,
and necessity of the works erected atPortsmouth,
which he represented then to consist of a fort, a
citadel, an artillery store, and a teverberatory
furnace, all completed At no period of our his-
toiy has it ever been hinted or pretended by any
one in office or out of office, that works for de-
fense and security were not required at Ports-
mouth.
There can be, Mr. President, no doubt of the
practicability of the measure; it is inferable from
the facts which have aheady been stated, from
the antiquity of the fortress, and the repairs that
have from time to time been made by the Gov-
ernment. There is as little doubt as to the loca-
tion of the contemplated fortification. Observa-
tion, experience, common sentiment, have decided
on its necessity, its practicability, as well as upon
its locality.
Another point remains to be examined, and
that is, would its erection be necessarily attended
with a large and unreasonable expenditure of the
public money, or, in other words, can different
Works of defense be devised, costing less, which
will accomplish the same general object' This
will not, and cannot be alleged It will not be
pretended that the expense can be disproportionate
to its importance; that it will cost moie than it
is worth. For one, 1 verily believe that the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
houn] would give me his vote, if he Were certain
that its actual cost would quadruple the estimate.
On what ground, then, is it opposed' Us im-
portance will not be questioned—its practicability
cannot be questioned; nor will it be pretended
that its cost can be disproportionate to its im-
portance. It is opposed for the single reason
that we have not, accompanying the Secretary's
report, a map and survey giving all the localities,
and an actual detailed estimate giving the amount
in the aggregate of the expenditure which will
be required, and the particulars which go to make
up the general aggregate. The objection is not
well taken, for we have a map giving all the
localities, which has been in the possession of
the committee; and the facts already narrated go
inost clearly to show where this fortification must
be erected; and we are not without book, we are
not without authority, upon the cost and neces-
sary expense for this work.
By the report of General Bernard, made in Feb-
ruary, 1821, the cost of fortifying the harbor of
Portsmouth was estimated at $500,000. That is
now the estimate. This is not meie conjecture
This is not, as has been stated, " guess work "
The estimate was not made in 1821, nor is it now
made, without calculation.   They had certain
