1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
¡¡24th Cong... 1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
body, iince the passa?e of the resolution. Were
the defen«es it pi o posed necessary, sons to bring
tt within the pledge contained in the resolution'
To nmwer this inquiry, it would be proper to
look further into the resolution itself, and into
the informition it had elicited. In addition to the
general pledge before quoted, it contained a call
 i> on th > President, and through him, upon the
proper departments of the Government, as to the
annrortiiations necessary and proper to be made
lor the various branches of the public defense,
naval and military. An answer to that call, most
full and satisfactory, had been given, and,for his
present purpose, it was only necessary to refer
«o the clear and strong letter from the Secretary
of War, to whose department that branch of the
public defenses, provided for by this bill, par-
ticularly pertained The Secretary speaks with
♦special reference to the bill under discussion,
and therefore his remarks are susceptible of the
roost clear and unquestionable application. The
bill was reported fiom the Committee on Military
Affairs, recommending appropriations for the com-
mencement of new fortifications at nineteen new
points upon the aea-coast. The Secretary had
adoptad twelve, and for the present, rejected the
remaining seven appropriations. He had recom-
mended delay and further examination merely as
to the latter class, while he had, in most clear
and unequivocal language, urged action, prompt,
full, and efficient action, as to the former class.
Mr W. said, as attempts had been made to
east doubt and obscurity over the opinions of
the Secretary in this matter, he should speak for
himself. He would read from the 19th and 20th
pages of the report, and the language was as fol-
lows:
" It cannot be doubted bat that fortifications at the follow
in? place*, enumerated in this bill, will be necessary At
Penobscot bar, lor the protection of Bangor, ttc , at Ken
nebec river, at Portland ; at Portsmouth; at Salem; at
New Redrord , at New London, upon Slaten Island, at
Sotlers's Flats, a redoubt on Federal Point, fur the Baran
*a<¡: for F'ort St Philip
■• These proposed works all command the approach to
place* sufficiently important to jtistny their construction
under any circiiiib.tain.es thatmll probably exi t IthinL,
therefore, that the public interest* u Quid ke promoted by the
pat*ti*e of (he necenary appropriations for them As soon
■aa these are made, such oi these positions as may appear
to require it, can be examined, and Ihe torm and extent ot
the Hork~ adapted to existing circumstance , ifanu change
It desirable The construction oftho e not needing exarn
«nation, c ui commence immediate!*, and that ot the others,
aa soon as the plans are determined upon. By this pra-
ctedinz, therefore, a season wtay be laced In the opera
fions *'
Such, Mr. President, (said Mr W.,) are the
expressions and the opinions of the head of the
Department, upon which the call has been made,
on this important subject of fortifications. Are
those expressions and opinions equivocal' Has
not the Secretary told us that he believed " the
public in teres*j would be promoted by the passage
of the nee* ssary appropriations for them'" Has
he not told us that by making these appropria-
tions now, " a season may be saved tn the opera-
tions?" Where, then, is the doubt' Where the
equivocation ? The bill originally contained pro-
vision for nineteen new works. The Secretary
•elects and recommends, unequivocally, appro-
priations for twelve of the nineteen, and as un-
equivocally recommends a postponement of
appropriations and further surveys and examin-
ations as to the remaining seven. He meets fairly
and rally the whole bill, and gives his opinions
and his reasons as to every part of it. Whence,
then, the pretense that his recommendations are
obscure, and his opinions doubtful, as to the
works stdl embraced in the bill. The Committee
on Military Affairs, since the receipt of the report
of the Secretary, have considered his views, and
made their bill conform to them. They have
recommended that the appropriations for the
•even works, for which the Secretary does not
recommend immediate appropriations, should be
■trieken from the bill, and the Senate has unani-
mously agreed to the amendments. They have
been made, and the bill is now precisely what
the Secretary tells as the public interests require
that it should be. Whence, then, he again asked,
these attempts to prove that the opinion of the
Secretary was doubtful as to the remaining twelve
proposed new fortifications> The answer was clear
and conclusive, and he should only repeat what had
been already said by the honorable Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Preston] when he gave it.
Genttemen had taken the expressions of the Sec-
retary, applicable to the se\en works for which I
he recommended the suspension of immediate
appropriations, and had applied them to the
twelve works in reference to which he had given
the opinion " that the public interests would be
promoted by the passage of the necessary appro-
priations for them." Any one who would read
with care the report of the Sectetary, would
detect this error, and absolve that officer from all
obscurity or equivocation.
It should be further remembered that the Pres-
ident, upon whom the call was made, has espe-
cially and fully indorsed the recommendations of
the Secretary of War. So far, therefoie, as the
information and opinions of the executive dipart-
ments can establish a necessity for the works for
which the bill under consideration provides, we
are able to pronounce, without doubt or hesita-
tion, that they aie necessary to the public defense
What, then, he must ask, is the condition of
the Senate in its action upon this bill, after the
pledge given to the country in the resolution
above quoted' Were we at liberty to refuse the
appropuations, unless we disputed the necessity
of the woiks' It seemed to him not. It seemed
to him we were estopped by our own act, unless
we were prepared to assert and show, in opposi-
tion to the report of the Secretary, and the con-
curring opinion of the President, that the woiks
proposed to be constructed are not necessary to
the national defense, within the fair scope and
meaning of our own resolution.
He must then appeal to the Senate, and to
every individual Senator, to know whether there
be one member of the body who will deny, or
even question, the necessity of one of the works
now proposed by the bill. He did not believe he
should hear a voice raised in doubt, much less in
denial, of the necessity of each and every one of
these works. How then were the Senate to refuse
the appropriations, and preserve the pledge it had
given to the country, that the public defenses
were first to occupy its attention, and that pro-
vision for these defenses, so far as such provision
might be necessary, was first to be made from the
public moneys in the Treasury, and the public
revenues to be received into that Treasury'
Objections to the bill, however, had been made,
and Mr. W. said he would detain the Senate for
a few moments, to examine some of those objec-
tions.
The first in order which he would notice was,
that new discoveries in the art and science of de-
fense might supersede the present propositions;
that the power of steam, and its application to the
defenses of a nation, were yet little known, and
had been little'tned, and that future experience
might prove that this power would furnish a pref-
erable substitute for the permanent defenses pro-
posed by the bill. In answer to this objection,
he would merely ask, in sincerity and candor,
whether a single member of the Senate had brought
his mind to the belief that our important com-
mercial towns, our principal and most useful har-
bors, and the mouths of our great navigable rivers,
winch were susceptible of perfect defense by per-
manent, stationary, and durable fortifications,
i were to be left to any description of movable
' and floating defenses, whether moved and gov-
erned by steam, or by the natural elements' Did
any man, who had in the slightest degree exam-
I med this subject, delude himself with the notion
that a commercial nation, with a coast moie ex-
tended and exposed than any other nation of the
world, and wi withe means in its Treasury for the
construction of permanent and secure defenses,
was either to wait for new discoveries as to the
power and application of steam, or to trust its
wealth and commerce to the protection of floating
batteries, instead of well constructed and immov-
able fortifications' For himself, (Mr. W. said ,)
his enthusiasm as to modern improvements had
carried his mind to no such conclusions. He had
not doubted, and did not now doubt, that steam,
as connected with harbor defense, was to be
made a most important agent in the great work
in which we were engaged, and he was prepared
to go as far as experience and wisdom would
warrant in providing for its use; but he would not,
for one moment, admit that the important points
upon our coast, susceptible of permanent land
defenses, were to be left to the uncertain and
doubtful protection of moving batteiies of any
description. He had not heaid it advanced that
the science of defense by fortifications was very
imperfect, or that improvements weie to be soon
anticipated; and having come to the conclusion
that these were the defenses which the country
requned, at the points named in the bill, and that
the art of constiucting them had been, in all essen-
tial particulars, as perfect foi centuries as it now
is, he was prepaied to give his support to the
bill without waiting the uncertainty of valuable
improvements by new discoveries.
The next objection he proposed to notice was,
that we want information as to some of these
pioposed works, that the necessary examinations,
surveys, and estimates hive not been made; and
that we act it  the dark in making appropriations
without them. This objection, he was willing
to admit, was specious and plausible; but as to
these particular works, he thought he should be
able easily to show that it was much more spe-
cious than solid and substantial. He had under-
stood, from the remarks made by the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, [Colonel
Bevton,] when this bill was first under discus-
sion, that all these points had been selected as
points proper for the construction of permanent
fortifications by the first board of engineeis which
ever examined our Atlantic coast with a view to
its peimanent defense; that several subsequent
examinations, by competent and skillful engi-
neers, had been made for the same purpose, and
that all had selected these points as capable of
being defended by the erection of foits and bat-
teries, and as of sufficient importance either as
commercial towns, or safe and convenient haibors
and íoadsteads, to render such defenses neces-
sary to the protection of our commerce, and the
secunty of the country; and that conjectural
plans and estimates of the works required had
been repeatedly made at all the points. He now
received the assent of that honorable Senator to
the correctness of his understanding in these
particulars, and was therefore not mistaken in
assuming this as one ground for the immediate
action ot the Senate. But there was another and
a stronger ground. A call had been made upon
the War Department upon this subject, and the
answer, full, complete, and apparently satisfac-
tory to alt, was before us. That Department was
in possession of all the information which had
been collected as to the necessity and propriety
of these works. No one would doubt the com-
petency of the head of that Depaitment to form
a safe and correct opinion upon the sufficiency of
that information foi the discreet action ofCon-
giess. What, then, does the Secretary say in
leference to the fortifications provided for in this
bill'
" It cannot be doubted but that fortifications at the follow-
ing places, enumerated in this bill, will be necessary.
"1 think, tlieretore, that the public interest would be
promoted by the pa.sige of the necessary app opriationa
lor them As soo i as these are made, such ot these posi-
tions as inty appear to require it can be examined, and the
form and extent ot the work  adapted to existing circum-
stances, if anv change be d3 iraule '1 he construction of
those not needing examination can coiiimi nee immediately,
and that ot Ihe othe/s as soon as the plan  are dttnmined
upon. By this proceeding, theiefore, a  ea-on may be saved
in the operations."
These are the opinions of the executive officer
of the Government especially charged with these
works of defense, and fully awaie of all the in-
formation in the possession of the Government
in relation to their necessity and propriety. Does
he tell us we want more information before we
canact' No,sir. He tells us it cannot be doubted
that fortifications at the points mentioned will be
necessary. Does he tell us that we want fuither
I examinations, surveys, and estimates, before we
can hazard an appropriation' No, sir. He tells
us that when the appropriations have been made,
1 such of the positions as may appear to require it
i can be examined, and the form and extent of the
works adapted to existing circumstances, "t/«nt/
change be desirable " Does he tell us that nothing
is to be gained by making the appropriations
now' No, sir' He tells us that by this proceed-
ing, a season may be saved in the operations. So
much, Mr. President, for the objection that we
