422
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
y
have not information to authorize these appro-
priations.
Another objection is, that we have not engi-
neers to supenntend these works; and that unless
the corps of engineers be increased, the appro-
ii íations, if made, must remain unexpended.  Mr.
,V   said this was an objection to this class of
appiopnaUons which had been frequently ad-
vanced upon formei occasions, and he had re-
peatedly attempted to answer it, in which attempt,
he was sony to say, he had been so unsuccessful
that the same objection again met him here.   He
must repeat his former opinion, that the money !
of the Government would command engineers of
science, skill, and experience, and that gentlemen
were entirely mistaken in supposing that the corps
of engineers, holding military commissions under I
the United States, monopolized all the science,
experience, or skill, to be found in this widely
extended country.    But for the sake of this argu-
ment, he w ould admit the necessity of an increase
of the corps of engineers, and what would be the
effect upon the duties of the Senate in i elation to
this bill'    An act for the increase of that corps,
to the extent recommended by the head of the
coips, had long since passed this body and been
sent to the House of Representatives.   We, there-
foie, had discharged our duty in this matter, and
he was for continuing to discharge that duty in a
manner consistent with our own action.    It was
not for the Senate to wait the passage of one of
its bills through the other branch of Congress,
before it would act upon another and more ím-
poitar.t public meisuie.    Let us follow our own
action, be consistent with ourselves, carry out
our own measures, and leave the House of Rep-
resentatives to their proper responsibilities.  This
objection has no foundation with us, because we
have already obviated it by our legislative action,
and it dots not become us to assume that any
other branch of the Government will not discharge
the same duty.
A further objection to the passage of this bill
is, that if the appropriations be made, the money
cannot be expended. It is asserted that the ordi-
nary appropriations for the fortifications already
commenced, aie more money than it is in the
power of the officers of the Government to expend,
and that hence additional appropriations foi new
works cannot be expended. Mr. W. said he did
not see that the conclusion followed from the
premises. If it weie true that money could not
be expended at one point upon our extended coast
for the want of laboiers, he could not see that it
necessanly followed that laborers could not be
procured at other points. The evidence upon
which this objection rests is a repoit from the
head of the engineer department, stating that
some eighty or one hundied thousand dollars,
appropriated for the constiuction of a fort at
Throg's Neck, near the haibor of New York,
was not expended dunng the list year, because
laboieis weie not procured, that invitations to
liboieis weie published and oncuUted in the city
of New \ oi k, and in scveial of the eastern ciüc¡>,
Without effeet The repoit, no doubt, states
truly the farts, as far as it goes, but there are
othei facts íequired to enable us to (orm a correct
judgment as to the influence authoi izc d fiom this
failure to piocuie laboieis Wha' puces weie
offered' Weie they equal to the cuirent puces
of similar laboi m the cities wheie the invitations
were circulated' Was the season of the year
that when laborers are usually disengaged and at
liberty to make contracts? Was the character
and condition of the work such as the mass of
laborers were competent to perform, and would
be willing to engage in at ordinary wages' These
and other inquiries should be answered before we
are authorized to conclude that money would not
command labor in the immediate vicinity of our
great commercial metropolis.
Mr. W. said this objection had been repeatedly
urged during the discussions of the present ses-
sion, (and lie had himself repeatedly attempted
to answer it,) he was mortified to see how unfor-
tunately, as the objection continued to be urged
with undiminished earnestness and confidence.
He must, theiefore, again repeat what seemed to
4iim to Ijb a mos(t perfect and complete refutation
,of the idea that jrioney will pot command labor
in aud about New YoiÍm to any c^te.it to which
money is offered and paid. All will remember
that since we have been heie, during our present
session, the city of New York has been visited
by a conflagration unequaled in the history of
this continent. From five to seven hundred ex-
tensive buildings, in the veiy heart of the city,
weie laid in ashes in the course of a few houis
He had recently seen several intelligent merchants
from that city, some of whom were among the
sufferers by the fire. All agreed in assuring him
that by the time he would piobably pass the city
on his way to his home after the adjournment of
Congress he would almost want a guide to point
out to him wheie the fire had extended, that new
buildings were rising upon the íuins of those
destroyed by the fire, with a rapidity wholly
incredible, that it almost seemed that an entire
city was rising from the earth, as by the power
of magic; that the present month would entnely
complete a large proportion of the new buildings.
This, Mr. President, has been mostly done in
the season of winter, and a winter, too, unequaled
in severity and duration And can it be true that
at that point the United States cannot command
labor by money? Can private enterprise accom-
plish so much in a few months, and yet the Gov-
ernment not be able to spend a few thousand
dollars upon works of defense, because labor
cannot be procured for money > Sir, the conclu-
sion is contradicted by facts, is contradicted by
experience, is contradicted by the plainest dic-
tates of sense and reason. The Government
must not expect to obtain labor but by paying
the cunent prices for tne labor it requires; and
at those prices Us money will go as far, be as
sure to command labor, and to obtain it, as will
the money of private citizens.
But, Mr. Piesident, (said Mr. W.,) there is
another view of this subject. What is the course
of these expenditures' Foi what are expenses
first to be incurred' The points at which the
fortifications are to be elected are fixed in the bill,
but you have acquired no title to the necessaiy
grounds, and no jurisdiction from the States over
those sites when you have purchased them. Both
of these steps must be taken before common pru-
dence will wairant the commencement of the pro-
posed elections. In all cases the purchase of the
grounds must require an expenditure of money,
and the grant of the necessary jurisdiction must
requue time for the action of the respective State
Legislatuies It will not be supposed that the
application will be made for the grant of jurisdic-
tion, until Congress place at the disposition of
the pioper executive depaitment the means to
make the purchase of a site, in case the jurisdic-
tion be obtained. To illustrate his meaning, he
would speak of the proposed appropriations for
his own State, because he was more fully ac-
quainted with the facts in that casé than any other
embiaced in the bill He referred to the appro-
pi íation of #200,000 for the purchase of the site
of Foi t Tomkms and its dependencies, and for
the election theieon of foitifications to protect
and defend the main entrance into the harbor of
New Yoik. This site is so plainly designated
by the natuie of the giound, and the formation
ot the haibor, that no person who ever passed
the point can have failed to see and mark it.
Indeed, the State during the late war with Great
Britain, and when the national Treasury was des-
titute of means to prosecute the war, and much
j more to defend our coast, took this matter into
its own hands, possessed itself of this site, and
j erected upon it three works of defense: Fort Tom-
j kins upon the heights, to defend the other works
from approach by land; Fort Richmond upon the
i water, to defend the narrows; and Fort Hudson,
an extensive water battery, to act in aid of Fort
Richmond, and to reach an enemy in his approach
, to the narrows from the outer harbor. These
I works still belonged to the State, but had not
been kept in repair since the war. The conse-
quence was that they had gone into a state of
dilapidation, and he was unable to say what then-
value might now be to the Government. He had
understood that they cost the State some $400,000.
He knew that lepeated overtures had been made
by the State to this Go verpraent to purchase them,
with the site, and that the Legislatuie had repeat-
edly authorized negotiations foi thur sale and
tiansfei to the United States.   Nothing had hith-
erto been effected, and he had been recently in-
formed that the Legislature of the State, now in
session, had again authorized the salt and transfer.
In this case this must be the first step, and the
payment for the site the first item of expenditure.
So far, therefore, as that may go, no objection
would be interposed that the money, if appro-
priated, could not be expended, noi would it be
said that time was íequired, or information wanted
to accomplish these objects. He did not suppose
that any other point was precisely similarly cir-
cumstanced; but he did suppose that in all cases,
whether the sites were the property of the States,
or of individuals, a title was to be secured to the
United States, and paid for out of the respective
appropriations, and that the proper junsdiction
to protect the interests of the Government, was
to be obtained from the respective State Legisla-
tures in the mode pointed out by the Constitu-
tion. Means, theiefore, would be required, as
well as time, in all cases, and so far as both were
concerned, the application to the case of Staten
Island would be measuiably applicable to all the
other cases embraced in the bill.
What were the next sublets of expenditure'
Mi. W. said it seemed to him that the materials
for the construction of a fortification would next
íequire the expenditure of money. The stone,
brick, lime, sand, timber, iron, and all other
materials, must be puichased and brought to the
spot. Was there any objection to making the
contiacts and procuung the delivery of these
materials during the time requned to negotiate for
the site, and procure the grant of jurisdiction'
He could see none. Would not these preparatory
steps occupy time enough to allow all further
necessary surveys and examinations to be made'
He was sure no one could doubt the fact. What,
then, was the strength of the objection that the
money could not be expended, or that more time
was required for surveys and examinations '
But there was anothei view of this objection
of time, which seemed to him as absurd in piac-
tice as it must be fatal in principle to these works
of public defense. He referred to that class of the
opponents of this bill who urged the necessity of
delay in making these appropiiations, and at the
same time pressed upon us measures for the gra-
tuitous distubution among the States of the very-
moneys in the Tieasury with which these forti-
fications were to be constiucted. The land bill,
which had passed this body but a few days since,
was one of these measures, and some gentlemen
had been frank enough to put their opposition to
this bill upon the ground that it might interfere
with the moneys proposed to be distubuted under
the provisions of that act Others, and much the
largest number of the friends of that measure,
had placed their opposition to this bill upon the
ground of Want of information of surveys, exam-
inations, and estimates, and yet they had not
failed to urge, with all the ardor of the former
class, the giving away to the States the very
means by which alone these most important and
confessedly necessary modes of public defense
can be erected, when the information they seem
to desire shall have been obtained. What is the
value of such professions of friendship for the
defenses of the country' What will be the use
of the information sought, when the means of
proceeding with the works shall have been given
away' For what valuable purpose shall we learn
that the positions named in the bill are well
selected, the fortifications wise and necessary, the
plans economical, and the appropriations pro-
posed only reasonable for present objects, whea
the Treasury shall have been exhausted in boun-
ties to the States, and we have not a dollar at
command to be applied to new or additional
defenses > Mr. W. said he must say that gentle-
men who assumed this position subjected them-
selves most strangely to the suspicion that a
division of the public moneys, and not the pros-
ecution of works of defense, was their darling
object. To the other class, who openly and
frankly opposed the bill upon the ground that it
conflicted with the schemes for a distribution of
the public moneys, he must award greater fair-
ness. They met what he considered to be the
true question, openly, and without disguise. He
must, however, here bring to the memory of
these opponents of the bill now under discussion
o
