1836 J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
•24th Cong....1st Sess.
some of the arguments used by those who op-
|>om d the passive of the land \>ill through the
Sen lie.
It wis contended, (Mr. W. said,) by himself
and others, th it any system nfdistiibution, such
as wis proj>ostd bv that bill, would tend to
impede me neeesssry public appropriation^.; to
an est the prosecution of the necessary public
dt tenses, and to embarrass the National Govern-
ment in all its departments, and in every branch
ot the puolic si rvice. It was urged that such
distribution would necessarily lead the States into
measures involving heai y and long-continued
expenditures; that the arguments, estimates, and
flattering calculations of the friends of that bill,
were eminently calculated to produce anticipa-
tions of l«ture dividends which could not be real-
ized, that the members of both Houses of Con-
gress were the representatives of the States, and
of the people of the States, and must and ought
to be strongly influenced by tbe wishes and inter-
ests of those whom they respectively represented;
that when disappointment as to the amounts to
be divided should come upon the constituent
body, as come that disappointment must, the
necessities of the State, growing out of these
delusive expectations, would be paramount to the
necessities of this Government, with the repre-
sentative bodies; and that appropriations for the
permanent defenses of the country, appropriations
lor the Navy, appropriations for the Army, and
appropriations for all other branches of the public
service, would be injuriously restricted, or wholly
refused, that the sura to be divided to the States,
as surplus revenue, might be increased.
Mr. W. said, when he urged these arguments
he did not even dream that he should see their
correctness demonstrated before the close of the
present session of Congress. He did not then
believe that the evil tendencies of these olans for
distribution would be so soon and so boldly
developed. In this he had been entirely disap-
pointed. Already we had met, in open avowal,
the influence he had feared; and upon this first
measure of public defense which had been pre-
«ented to the Senate since the passage of that
dangerous bill, we had heard opposition distinctly
avowed upon the ground that the appropriations
might conflict with the various plans for a dis-
tribution of the moneys in the Treasury. If he
had before merely doubted, he should now be
most perfectly confirmed in his hostility to these
projects, so long as any branch of the public
service called for the expenditure of the public
moneys on hand.
He would now proceed to examine, very briefly,
one or two of the objections offered by the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
hocn] to the passage of the bill under discus-
sion. The first objection of that honorable Sen-
ator which he proposed to notice, was the want
of engineers to superintend the expenditures pro-
posed, and he had anticipated the argument to
be drawn from the action of the Senate, in the
increase of the engineer corps, to about twice its
present strength, by the assumption that this in-
crease would not bring engine  rs of experience,
and would not, therefore, for the present, author-
ize an increase of appropriations
We are, Mr. President, (said Mr. W.,) if the
positions assumed by the opponents of this bill be
admitted, in a condition unknown to the history
of any people who have ever before existed upon
the face of the earth. We have no debt. Our
Treasury is full to overflowing. We are defense-
less in almost every respect. And yet we cannot
be defended, according to the doctrines of some,
because our money will not purchase the labor
necessary to construct the defenses we need. Ac-
cording to others, we cannot be defended because
we have not engineers of skill and experience to
direct the expenditure of the money, if we appro-
priate it. An increase of our engineer corps will
not aid us in this particular, because such an in-
crease will not bring with it tbe requisite skill and
experience; and, as a necessary consequence from
these conclusions, we must not increase the engi-
neer corps, because, without an increase of appro-
priations for fortifications, we shall have nothing
for the engineers to do,who may be added to the
corps. Was ever, Mr. President, so helpless a
condition of any people before known >   Money
Fortification Bill—Mr. Wright.
in the Treasury to an excess, but nobody will   |
work for it; defenses of every descnption impera-   i
lively required, but men of skill and science can-
not be found to superintend  their construction
Therefore, we must give away the money, and
waitfor the defenses ol the nation, until theTieas-
ury shall contain other means, until money will
command labor, and until engineers can be edu-
cated to superintend the public works.
The honorable Senator put forth another objec-
tion to this bill, which was even h ss anticipated
from that qtiaiterthan was the objection which
has pist been examined It was that the bill is
in competition with the several propositions for
the distribution of the surplus revenue. Remem-
bering the constitutional opinions held and ex-
pressed by that Senator but two years since on
the subject of a distribution of the surplus rev-
enue among the States, Mr W. said it was
impossible that he could have expected opposition
to this bill fiom that quarter upon that ground.
In the Senator's speech upon the removal of the
deposits, made in the Senate in January, 1834, is
found the following remarks:
" There is another aspect («aid Mr C ) in which this
subject miv be viewed We all remember how earh the
question of the surplus revenue began to agitate the country
At a very early period, a Senator from New Jersey (Mr
Dickerson) presented his scheme lor disposing of it, b>
distributing it among the Sutes The first message ol the
President recommended a similir project, which was fol
lowed up by a movement on the part of the Legislature of
New York, and I believe some of th8 other States The
public atteniinu was aroused, the scheme scrutinized, its
grots unconstitutionality and injustice, and its danzeious
tendeiuy of absorbing the pover and existence of the States,
u.ere clearly perceued and denounced The denunciation
was too deep to be resisted, and the scheme was aban-
doned "
Such were the opinions of the Senator upon the
subject of a distribution of the surplus revenue to
the States; and could he have expected fiom him
an objection to the passage of a bill, providing
for the defenses of the country, for the more rapid
prosecution of a system of defenses with which
he had once been oificially and closely connected,
because it comes in competition with propositions
for a distribution of the surplus moneys, so
recently pronounced grossly unconstitutional,
unjust, and dangeious to the power and existence
of the States '
Mr. PRESTON remarked that his colleague
was not in his seat, but detained from it by
official duties, and he hoped Mr. W. would con-
sent to suspend his remarks until Mr. C. should
be in.
Mr. WRIGHT replied that he regretted very
much the absence of the Senator from South Car-
olina, as he would gieatly have prefened to have
replied to him in his presence; but as he had no
remarks of a personal character to make, he
could not consent to delay the bill by a suspen-
sion of his argument. He had nothing to add
on the subject of this great change of opinion on
the part of the Senator, except that it had sur-
prised and disappointed him, coming fiom that
quarter.
Another position of the Senator was not less
singular and extraordinaiy, and called for a reply.
It was the asseition that the bill was not intended
to expedite the construction of fortifications, but
to retain the public money in the banks where it
was now deposited; and he went so far as to say,
that were the objects of the bill what they pur-
ported to be—the erection of fortifications—he
would support it. Mr. W. said, in the absence
of that Senator, he would take no notice of this
unjust and ungenerous imputation upon the
motives of the friends of this bill, but would ex-
amine the position, supposing it had any founda-
tion in fact. The bill upon its face contains as
direct and positive appropriations as any other
appropriation bill which has been presented to
Congress. If passed, it will devolve upon the
proper executive department the immediate duty
of obtaining the proper sites and commencing the
several works, and of proceeding in their con-
struction with all possible dispatch, so far as the
means appropriated will go. Has any one sug-
gested, or will any one believe, that any sinister
intentions on the part of those who may vote for
the bill, will influence the executive officers in
the prompt and faithful discharge of their duties
under it? Had the Senator from South Carolina,
Senate.
or could he suggest, any change of the foim of
the bill, so as to make the appropiintious mine
positive and unconditional, or ihe duiy lo i xp< nd
the money moie nnpeiaiivi and uigfnt' He
hazaided nothing in gmng a negatnt. ansu< i lo
these inquiries. Language coutd not impio'e
the bill in these paiticuhus; not hid it been inti-
mated that tlieie vvds enher doubt or condition
to be found upon its face He would, then, leave
the Senatoi,and the Senate, to determine how
far he was sustained in placing the opposition to
a proper and positive Iiwupon the giound of
his suspicion that some who sujipoit it entertain
intentions unfavorable to its execution.
He must present this objtcuon of the Senator
in another light, and ste whethei it may not be
made quite as applicable to himself as to those
who advocate and support the defense bills. His
charge is that they desne to retain the money in
the deposit banks. What disposition does he
propose to make of it' for he is the author of a
vanety of propositions upon the subject. The
last, and that one upon which he presumed the
Senator intended to rely, was to deposit the money
in the treasuries of the several States, without
interest. But when, and upon what terms is the
money to be transferred from the deposit banks
to the several State treasuries' When, and as
soon as the Legislature of each State shall have
passed a law, pledging the faith of the State for
the repayment of money upon the call of Con-
gress. Nearly all of those Legislatures have elosed
their annual sessions, and all probably will, before
this pioposition can become law, if it is to be-
come a law at all. Much the largest number of
them do not again convene until November, De-
cember, and Januaiy. The money, therefore,
according to the disposition proposed by the Sen-
ator himself, must remain in tiie deposit banks
for the whole of the present year, at the least,
while, in seveialof the States, the legislative ses-
sions are biennial only; and in one State at least,
it is said its constitution prohibits the Legisla-
ture from contracting a debt for any purpose.
Mr. W. said, were he to charge the honorable
Senator with a design to continue the money in
the deposit banks, and assert that he had made this
dilatory proposition for a different disposition, to
accomplish that design, would the Senator con-
sider him courteous or just' Would the Senate
consider the imputation of such motives to any
member of the body parliamentary or proper ' It
was not his purpose to make any such charge.
It was not his habit to impute motives to the
members of the body, for acts done under their
official responsibility, and he did not believe that
such a charge, if made against the honorable Sen-
ator, would be founded in fact. He did not be-
lieve the Senator, in making the proposition upon
which he had commented, had been actuated by
any design to retain the money in the deposit
banks; but the reverse. Yet he did believe that
such a design imputed to 'hat Senator, would have
precisely as much foundation in justice and truth,
as the similarcharge preferred by him against the
fuends of the defense bills; and he trusted he had
shown that the effect of the Senator's proposition
would be to retain the money in the banks much
longer, and much more certainly, than any effect
to be appiehended from the passage oí these
bills.
Mr. W. said his intention and desire was to
apply the money in the Tieasury to a constitu-
tional use. The money is the avails of " taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises," laid and collected
by or under the authority and direction of Con-
gress, "to pay the debts, and piovide for the
common defense and general welfare of the United
States " The first great constitutional use to
which the public moneys were to be applied had,
been fully performed The debts had been fully
paid The second, to " provide for the common
defense," it is the object of this bill to prosecute
more vigorously and efficiently. For that reason
he supported it, and most earnestly hoped it
would be successful. Yet it was not for him to
impute improper or unworthy motives to those
who thought the Constitution and the public
interests would be better seived by giving away
this money to the States, or what was, in his
I judgment, precisely equivalent, lending it tothe
I States without interest, and upon a declaration,
