424
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
play 28,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Deposit Banks—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
upon their respective statute-books, that they
would repay the principal whenever their repre-
sentatives in the two Houses of Congress should
order them to do so. He thought, however, so
Ion" as he abstained from the imputation of
motives to those who advocated such a disposi-
tion of these moneys, he was entitled to an ex-
emption from imputation as to his own motives,
in urging a use of the money such as the House
and interests and safety of the country required
and demanded; and such as the Constitution not
only authorized, but directed, in terms.
THE DEPOSIT BANKS.
REMARKS OF HON. JAMES BUCHANAN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,                           ;
In the Senate, May 28, 1836,                ¡
On Mr. Calhoun's bill to regulate the Deposit Banks—and
the amendment to it offered by Sir. Wright—and on ¡
their respective propositions for the disposition of the j
surplus revenue.                                                        I
Mr. BUCHANAN congratulated the Senate
and the country upon the tone and spirit in which
this debate had commenced. He beheved that a
general disposition prevailed on all sides to sur-
render individual opinions as far as they could
be surrendered without a sacrifice of principle,
and to unite upon the best measure for regulating
the public deposits. From this disposition he
augured the most happy results; especially as
the Senators from New York and South Carolina
[Messrs. Wright and Calhoun] did not seem
to differ essentially in regard to this branch of
the subject.
In the few remarks which he intended to make,
he would follow the argument of the Senator
from South Carolina. This would enable him to
present distinctly his own views on the different
points which had been made by that gentleman.
And first, in regard to the payment of interest
by the deposit banks. Mr. B.said there did not
seem to be any essential difference between the
two gentlemen on this question. It was very
clear to his mind, that if Congress should adjourn
without making any disposition of the surplus
revenue, these banks ought to pay a moderate
in terest for the greater portion of the public money
in their possession. He said the greater portion,
because he was disposed to deal fairly towards
them, and charge them no interest, except on
sums which exceeded a fixed amount. He was
disposed to give them the use of as much money,
without interest, as would be a full equivalent for
the services which they were required to render
to the Government. Beyond this amount, which
would be determined by the Senate, with a just
reference to all the circumstances, he thought they
ought to pay interest; and he could not say that
two per cent, per annum, as proposed by the
Senator from South Carolina was unreasonable.
The banks discounted upon these deposits, and
made money for their stockholders out of these
deposits; it was, then, but justice to our constit-
uents to charge them interest. It would be unjust
towards the people of the United States, that the
use of their money should be given to the stock-
holders of these banks as a mere gratuity, with-
outany compensation. He should certainly vote
to make them pay something for the use of this
money.
In regard to the amount which each of these
banks should be entitled to hold without interest,
he thought the proposition of the Senator from
South Carolina liable to well-founded objections.
To establish as a universal rule that the sum of
$50,000 should be thus retained by each of them,
would be, in his opinion, unjust. If the capital
8f the bank were small, say $100,000, this would
be a considerable sum; but if the capital amounted
to one or two millions, $50,000 would be wholly
inadequate. He believed that a member of the
other House from Pennsylvania [Mr. Binney]
had, at the last session of Congress, proposed to
apportion the amount of deposits which should
not bear interest to the capitals of the respective
banks. He was under the impression that this
would be a fairer mode of proceeding than to
establish a fixed sum applicable alike to all the
banks, whether their capitals were great or small.
Mr. B. said, however, that the question of
interest might sink into one of comparatively
little importance. If the surplus in the Treasury
at the end of each year, except §3,000,000, should
be deposited with the several States, according to
the proposition of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Calhoun,] or if it should be invested
quarterly in State stocks, leaving $5,000,000 in
the Treasury, in pursuance of the amendment
which had been offered by the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Wright,] the adoption of either
alternative would, in a great degree, dispose of
the question of interest. The banks, in either
cuse, it was probable, would not generally have
more money on deposit than would be a fair and
just compensation for the services which they
perform. It was as muih the interest of the
Government as their interest, that we should not
drive hard and unreasonable bargains with them.
These banks were at present in a most awkward
and embarrassing situation in regard to the public
deposits. They had vast sums of public money
in their possession, without knowing what mo-
ment they might be called upon to pay them.
They were awaiting the action of Congress; and
in this state of suspense, they could not, with a
properregard to their own safety,discount largely
upon these deposits. They must always be ready
to meet our demands. Hence they could not
afford that relief to the community which they
would be able to do, under other circumstances.
And here he would take occasion to say that he
believed the public money was perfectly secure
in their hands. There was not the least cause
for apprehension on this account. He thought
that every Senator must arrive at the same con-
clusion who would take the trouble of examining
the statement of their condition made by the
Secretary of the Treasury to the Senate on Mon-
day last.
Mr. B. concurred in opinion with the Senator
from South Carolina, that transfer drafts should
not be used by the Secretary of the Treasury,
except for the purpose of facilitating the public
disbursements. They certainly ought not to be
used for the purpose of protecting a bank, in
doubtful circumstances, from the consequences
of its own imprudence. Each bank owed it to
the public to take care of itself and never to place
itself in such a condition as to require the money of
the Government to sustain its credit. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury had never used transfer
warrants for any such purpose; therefore, the
Senator's proposition could nave no personal ap-
plication to his conduct. He saw no objection,
however, to the incorporation of this prohibition
in the bill. It would give fair notice to all the
banks that they must rely upon themselves to
sustain their own credit, and not upon any aid to
be derived from the public Treasury.
He would say but little in regard to the selec-
tion of deposit banks, the third point made by
the Senator from South Carolina. He thought
that a plan might be devised which would be
decidedly preferable to that proposed by either
the Senator from New York or the Senator from
South Carolina. On this subject a middle course
might be adopted, which, whilst it would insure
a proper responsibility from the head of the
1 Department to Congress, should, at the same
time, leave him such a discretion as the public
interest demanded. He could not agree with the
gentleman from South Carolina in limiting the
Secretary of the Treasury, in the first instance,
to the present deposit banks, and to them alone,
as his bill proposes. Neither did he believe that
it would be proper to confer upon that officer the
unlimited discretion in selecting the depositories
of the public money which seemed to be sanctioned
by the amendment of the Senator from New York.
He was not afraid of the judicious exercise of
this power; but still, as a general rule, as little
discretion ought to be left to executive officers as
was consistent with the public interest.
The present deposit banks had faithfully, he
believed, performed their duty to the country.
Their conduct had been satisfactory to the head
of the Treasury Department; at least, he had
never heard anything to the contrary. He would
suggest that the bill itself should continue them
by name as banks of deposit. From what he
had heard in the course of this debate, he had no
doubt it was necessary to increase the number
of these depositories. This would be required
in New York and Boston, and perhaps in Phila-
delphia. There might be other places in the same
situation. He would therefore authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury, between this time and
the next meeting of Congress, to select as many
deposit banks, not exceeding a certain number,
as the public interest might require, in addition
to those already selected. After these additional
selections should be made, after the system should
thus be completely organized, he would not au-
thorize the Secretary to make new selections,
without the previous consent of Congress, unless
it were to supply the place of such of the existing
banks as should cease to be depositories, under
the provisions of the bill which will be passed.
The fourth point of the Senator from South
Carolina is one of so little importance that lie
should pass it over without any remark, except
that it cannot materially interfere with the satis-
factory adjustment of-this question.
On the fifth point, Mr. B. entirely concurred in
opinion with the Senator from South Carolina.
Was it a measure of severity to require that the
deposit banks should always have immediate
means in their possession or power to meet the
one fifth of their immediate responsibilities? He
thought not. Every bank ought, at the very
least, to have an amount of specie in its vaults,
which, with the debts due to it from other banks,
which might be converted into specie without
delay, would be equal to the one fifth of its notes
in circulation, and of its public and private de-
posits. He should be unwilling to trust the
money of the United States in any bank which
was either unable or unwilling to comply with
this condition. He should consider it unsafe in
any such depository. Taking the general aggre-
gate of the condition of the deposit banks, accord-
ing to the last report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, if we should apply to them the rule of the
one third, instead of the one fifth, they would
still be much within that limit. He had not, in
detail, examined the condition of each one of these
thirty-six banks; but he believed he might ven-
ture to say that there was not one of them which
would be affected by the rule proposed to be
applied to them by the Senator from South Car-
olina.
He would suggest to the Senator, however, that
his bill was defective on this point, and did not
embrace, in all its extent, the principle for which
he had intended to provide. In preparing it he
must have forgotten that, instead of the aggregate
balance of the deposit banks in their accounts
with other banks being always in their favor, it
might and would be sometimes against them. In
such a case, they ought not only to have specie
in their vaults sufficient to pay the fifth of their
notes in circulation and their deposits, but also
one fifth of this balance. The gentleman's bill
does not embrace this case. Under his bill one
of these deposit banks might have $100,000 of
specie in its vaults, might be indebted to other
banks an aggregate balance of $500,000, and might
have notes in circulation and deposits on hand to
another amount of $500,000, and yet not violate
its provisions, although it could pay in specie but
one dollar in ten, instead of one dollar in five, of
its immediate liabilities. He had prepared an
amendment to obviate this objection, but should
not offer it at present.
In this respect he felt bound to say he greatly
preferred the bill of the Senator from South Car-
olina to the amendment which had been proposed
by his friend from New York. That amendment
simply provided that each deposit bank must
keep in its vaults sufficient specie to pay the one
fourth of its notes and bills in circulation, and
the balance of its accounts with other banks
payable on demand. It had no reference what-
ever to the amount of its public and private de-
posits, the whole of which might be demanded
at any moment. If a deposit bank have sufficient
specie in its vaults to pay one fourth of its notes
in circulation, it might be indebted to its depos-
itors ten or twenty times the amount of its specie,
and yet not violate the terms of the amendment.
Mr. B. said he now approached the more diffi-
cult question of what disposition we ought to
make of the surplus now in the Treasury.    He
