426
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 19,
24th Cong....1 st Sess.         Reorganization of the Post Office Department—Mr. Mann.
Ho. of Reps.
from New York would not much enhance the
price of State stocks, yet it wourd unlock the I
capital now vested in them to the amount of the i
purchases of the Government, and throw it upon
what had been called the fancy stocks.    This
operation would at once raise the prices of all   '
these stocks, and put into the pockets of their  ¡
owners large sums of money.    You would thus ;
give an impetus to the already wild speculations '
in stocks, and increase that spirit of gambling,
which is now one of the greatest curses of our
country.    For these reasons he felt an almost
insuperable repugnance against the introduction
of the Government of the United States into the
market, as a great stock-jobber, though its opera-
tions might be confined to the stocks of the differ-
ent States.    Still, as he had before observed, he
might feel himself under duress to vote for this
measure as the least of two very great evils.
Mr. B. said he had thrown out these sugges-
tions to the Senate in the same conciliatory spirit
which dictated the remarks of the Senators from
New York and South Carolina.    We were now ,
in a free conference; all equally desirous of adopt- |
ing the best measure to promote the public good, j
He had endeavored to contribute something to
this end.
REORGANIZATION OP POST OFFICE DEPART-
MENT.
REMARKS OF HON. ELIJAH MANN,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House op Representatives,
May 19, 1836,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
considering the bill reported by the Committee on the
PoBt Olfu-e and Post Roads,'' to change the organization
of the  Post Office  Department, and to  provide more
effectually for tin; settlement of the accounts thereof,"
in reply to Mr. Bell, of Tennessee, who proposed and
advocated the following amendment:
"That the nineteenth section of the act entitled 'An act
to reduce into one the sov-nl acts establishhij and re u-
Utinglhe Postoriiee l)ep. i-int,' parsed the M of March,
1825, anil all other acts and pans ol acts securim  to the
Foot Ollice Department a monopoly of tile business or
íMophiynient of catryin^ tetters for hire, be, and the same ate
_herei\¡. repealed.*'
Mr. MANN (a member of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads) addressed the
Clinir, and said he could not forbear, anxious as
he was, and as he knew the committee were,
after this protracted sitting upon this bill, to
trespass upon their attention for one moment to
make a very brief reply to the most extraordinary
proposition of the honorable member from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Dell,] and his still more extraordi-
nary argument in support of that proposition.
It has not been forgotten (said Mr. M.) that the
honorable member, a short, time since, favored
us and the country, as the Premier in advance, of
what is sometimes called here the White Admin-
istration, with a very long and querulous exposé
of the leading principles entertained, and the
measures and policy of Government proposed to
be pursued by that Administration, if the people,
in the plenitude of their abundant mercy, and
forgiveness of ingratitude, should think proper
to bring it into power. The first general reflec-
tion which naturally occurred, both here and in
the country, upon that expone was, that if the
new Administration was to have duration pro-
portioned to the length of the green bag of" its
Prime Minister, it would be likely to become
perpetual, and in that respect might have the
early misfortune to excite the apprehension of
some of its friends. However, it appears now,
Mr. Chairman, that all its measures were not
then unfolded because, perhaps, it had not then
entered into the phrensied imagination of the hon-
orable member, or any of the under Secretaries,
that it would be a republican measure to abolish
the Post Office Department, which would entitle
nim to the special gratitude of the Republic, on
;he ground that it is a monopoly ! A monopoly,
the honorable member vehemently assures us, as-
hamed without any authority of the Constitution!
A monopoly, indeed, of conveying intelligence
!o a free people, of which the honorable member
may persuade himself he has cause to complain,
although, let me assure him, he has far more
cause to " fear and tremble." A monopoly, sir!
Can a free mail and a free press, in the hands of
a free and enlightened people, open and secured
to all alike, be a monopoly, odious to the honor-
able member and obnoxious to the Constitution
and the institutions of civil liberty ? Mr, Chair-
man, I know not how to express my surprise at
the proposition now submitted and the position
assumed in the argument—I confess my utter
astonishment. I am almost overwhelmed with
amazement at the strange measure now proposed
by the honorable gentleman, and more strange
argument by which he urges its acceptance by
this committee, that the Post Office establishment
is a monopoly assumed without authority of the
Constitution ! My surprise is augmented when
I recollect that this measure is proposed by a
gentleman from the southwestern portion of this
Confederacy, whose constituents are, if possible,
more deeply interested in the Post Office estab-
lishment, than those of any other parts of the
Union, deriving from it those inestimable advant-
ages of intercommunication with their brethren
throughout our wide domain — political, com-
mercial, civil, and religious—without which the
institutions of society would scarce be worth
! maintaining. Yet does the worthy member pro-
i pose virtually to abolish the Post Office cstablish-
! ment—to dry up all the fountains and streams of
intelligence to his people, by cutting off, with a
¡ rude and unstaid hand, all the means of public
' and regular communications, provided, controlled,
and secured, by public law.
j Sir, if the honorable gentleman from Tennessee
should propose to this House to pass an act of
1 oblivion for his past errors, and of forgetfulness
and forgiveness for those of the future, he would
i not astonish the country more than by his present
proposal. But, sir, I must beg the committee to
bear with me while I recur to the argument of
the gentleman, who begins by informing us that
the framers of the Constitution had so little regard
for the Post Office establishment, that they had
well nigh forgotten to mention it in that sacred
instrument. How then, sir, could it have hap-
pened to occur to them to insert this plain pro-
vision, " that Congress shall have power to
establish post offices and post roads?" But the
worthy member says that this does not prohibit
the States from exercising the same power. If
this be true, sir, then why does the honorable
member, in his jealousy, complain of monopoly?
, I know, sir, as well as the gentleman, that the
States are not expressly inhibited from the exer-
cise of this same power; that there are several
cases where the respective States and the Federal
Government have concurrent powers and juris-
diction over the same subject. However, sir,
the honorable member from Tennessee knows
better than I do that the uniform construction of
the highest judicatories of the land has been,
that in these cases of concurrent powers of the
General and State Governments, the exercise of
! the power by the united States excludes and
prohibits the exercise of the same power over
Í the same subject-matter by a State; and this
j from the nature and construction of our institu-
tions and the necessity of the case. I need not
inform the gentleman from Tennessee that under
this express grant in the Constitution Congress
have exercised the power " to establish °post
offices and post roads,"and, therefore, that while
the United States continue the exercise of that
power, the power of the States to establish post
offices and post roads is suspended. This con-
struction of the Constitution, I believe, has not
been complained of in any quarter. If, therefore
the Post Office establishment of the United States
is a monopoly, as is now complained by the
honorable member, it results that it is a monopoly
established by the Constitution of the Union,
beyond the reach, fortunately, of the nullifying
and leveling process of the gentleman, or his
programme Administration.
The gentleman draws analogies by informing
us that this establishment of ours compares with
those of Europe, which he says are also monop-
olios, established for two purposes; first, for
political power; second, for revenue. These
analogies, sir, are unjust, and bear no parallel,
because, thanks to the spirit of freedom, there is
no parallel between their oppressive and despotic
institutions and ours. But if there were some
features in ours obnoxious to the political sensi-
bilities of the gentleman from Tennessee, does it
follow that one of those institutions conferring
thegreatest benefits upon the country (and upon
no part greater than upon that happy portion
from which that gentleman comes, for carrying
to it a knowledge of the patriotic services upon
this floor, of their talented and distinguished
Representative) should be nullified and extermin-
ated? I trust in the genius of my country to
save and protect it from such violence. Mr.
Chairman, I' am very properly reminded, by a
note from a respected and valued colleague on
the Post Office Committee, [Mr. Briggs, of Mas-
sachusetts,] of the late hour of the day, and the
necessity of brevity, yet I can hardly forbear to
continue my remarks, hasty and desultory as I
am sensible they are, upon a proposition of so
extraordinary a character, coming from such a
source; yet I will obey the kind admonition of
my friend from Massachusetts, and leave the
honorable member and his measures to the exam-
ination of an enlightened people, trusting confi-
dently that this committee are not prepared to
entertain for one moment longer a proposition so
entirely subversive of the dearest interests of
every American citizen.
TARIFF OF POSTAGES.
REMARKS OF HON. F. O. J. SMITH,
OF MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
May 31, 1836,
On the motion to reconsider the vote taken on the propo-
sition of Mr. Lawrence, of Massachusetts, whereby the
following rates of postages were stricken out of the Post
Office bill:
" Five cents on single letters carried fifty miles or less;
ten cents on letters carried from fifty to one hundred miles;
fifteen cents on letters carried from one hundred to two
hundred miles; twenty cents on letters carried from two
hundred to four hundred miles; twenty-five cents on letters
carried from four hundred to eight hundred miles; and
thirty cents on letters carried over eight hundred miles;"
and whereby the following rates were substituted, viz:
" Five  ents on letters carried fifty miles or less; ten cents
on letters carried from fifty to one hundred and fifty miles;
fifteen cents on letters carried from one hundred and fifty
to four hundred miles; twenty cents on letters carried
from four hundred to eight hundred miles; and twenty-five
cents on all over eight hundred miles."
Mr. SMITH said he was opposed to the motion
of reconsideration. The honorable gentleman
from. New York, who is a member of the Post
Office Committee, [Mr. Parks,] had told the
House that my colleague, who has addressed the
House this morning upon this subject, [Mr.
Mann,] has taken a narrow or " unstatesman-
like" view of it, because he has argued against
the original proposition of the Post Office Com-
mittee, and in support of the proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, upon the ground
of their dissimilar effects upon his [Mr. Parks's]
immediate constituents, and the State of Maine.
My colleague has told the House, Mr. Speaker,
what will be the operations of the two projects
upon the citizens of Bangor and vicinity, and
demonstrated that, while the one will not be
prejudicial, but, perhaps, favorable to his con-
stituents and to others interested in the commerce
of Bangor, the other will be injurious and oppres-
sive. And it is because the argument has thus
been deduced from the effect to be produced upon
a region with which the representative is familar,
and about which there can be no mistake, that
the honorable gentleman from New York repu-
diates it as narrow and unslatesmanlike.
I know not, Mr. Speaker, what may be the
exact extent of territory requisite to be embraced
by one's thoughts, in reference to this or any
other subject, in order to square with the gentle-
man's views of statesmanship. Perhaps it is
necessary that one should extend his reasoning
over a State equal in territory and population, if
it is to be found, with the great State of New
York, in order to reach statesmanlike views that
would  be satisfactory to that gentleman.    Or,
