1836.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
'24tr Gong....1st Sess.
perhaps, one should swell somewhat laiger, and
embrace a portion or the whole of some other
State or Stati-s, to answer the purpose. [Yes,
the whole Union, replied Mr. M\nn.] The
whole Union must be included, says the honor-
able gentleman. It may be, sir, that such is the
view which that gentleman has taken; but if it
be so, his " stattsmanhke" views stop not at
sncnticing the interests of an entire State of this
Union, without conferring upon ita single benefit
in Return. I claim to be governed by no such
principles of statesmanship, as obviously sacu-
fioes one of these States lor the benefit of the
remainder, and much less for the benefit of a
fractional part of the remainder. I believe it has
not been pretended—ltcsrtamly has not yet been
demonstnted by any gentleman, that the propo-
sition of the Post Office Committee wi'l operate
equitably upon all the other States, except Maine.
I do not pretend to know what its operations
will be upon either the middle or the western
States of the Union. But 1 do know, sir, that
from my knowledge of what its operation must
and will be upon the interests of Maine—the
State which I have the honor to represent in part
upon this floor—it ta highly unsatisfactory and
oppressive. Nor do I, sir, claim to act upon
higher or broader views of statesmanship, than
are suggested by such facts and such local knowl-
edge, if it must be so called, than are actually
within my reach. I reason, us Pope says, from
what I know; and
" How can we reason, but from what we know'"
If the gentleman from New York does pretend
to know die effect of tins bill upoi. each State of
the Union, he must know, sir, that there are no
two points of any considerable business import-
ance within the State of Maine, which will not
be most prejudicially affected by the proposition,
or rates of postage reported by his committee.
My colleague has told you the effect of it upon
Ins section of the State. Let us take the two
most prominent points of business in the State,
the cities of Portland and Bangor, and it imposes
an additional tax of two and one half cents upon
every letter that will be interchanged by them.
The effect upon the intercourse through the mail
between Bangor and Boston is the same. That
upon the intercourse between Portland and Bos-
ton, Bath and Boston, and Augusta and Boston,
is the same. It is an increase of postage also
upon all business between BangorandNew York,
and Portland and New York, and I believe every
other point in the State and the city of New York.
This is the result of a compaiison between the
law as it now stands and the proposed law of the
Post Office Committee. The rates of postage as
now established are far more preferable, so far
as the whole Slate of Maine, and even so far as
every part of the State, separately considered, is
interested in the subject of postage. Sir, ought
the interests of a whole State to be thus sacrificed
to " statesmanlike" views, or any other views '
It can never be done by a deliberative body.
Mr. S. said he was in favor of a new tariff of
postage, if it could be agreed upon. He was in
favor of getting rid of the quarter cent, and half
cent, and six cent rates, and substituting the half
dune, and dime, and a similar denomination of
increase. He was in favor of the proposition I
■which the gentleman from Massachusetts had
made, and hoped the vote by which it had been
adopted might not be reconsidered. So far as
my own knowledge of what its operation must
be extends, ^said Mr. S.,) it is judicious and
desirable. Instead of adding to the tax now im-
posed upon intercourse among the people through
the mail, (as the proposition of the Post Office
Committee would,) it would lessen it between all
Coints, and lighten the burden of postage now
orne  by  the  people.    Such  a measure  I am
entirely in favor of.
But, sir, it has been attempted to dissuade the
House against the tariff of postage now under
consideration, on the ground that it will reduce
the revenues of the Post Office Department to
such an extent as to stop the usual extension
ycaily of mail facilities. And the letter of the
Poitmastei General, sent into the House this
rmrning through the honorable chairman of the
Decision of the Speaker—Mr. Polk.
Poit Office Committee, has bei n quoted to prove '
that the reduction of some $500,000 yearly will I
be effected in the revenues of the Department by
this tariff, estimating it upon the revenues of the
last year, while the tann* of the committee will
reduce them something like $200,000. gut tnis
estimate of the Postmaster General claims to be
only a hasty calculation, and pretends not to
make any credit whatever to the natural and
inevitable growth of the levenue of the Depart-
ment. What, sir, has been this growth during
tlu* last eight y eats' and what has it accomplished'
We have been told that only about one year, or
eighteen months since, the Department was in
debt ovei one million of dollars, from a too great
extension of mail facilities, oi from other causes
combined therewith. We aie now told, at the
expiration of a year, or eighteen months, at
fuithest, that this enormous deficit has been
extinguished, or is about being extinguished, but
a suiplus revenue is shortly to be found in the
Tieasury Department.
This is the strength of the Department's opera-
tions within a single year, or in eighteen months,
at most. And is there so much cause for appie-
hension about the reduction of the revenues of
the Department in the sum of $500,000, even
though there was no natural and inevitable growth
in them to offset or provide against it' Look,
sir, as I befoie suggested, through the history
of the Department for the last eight years, and
mark what it has accomplished with only its own
1 naked revenues. It has paid off all its expendi-
tures, or nearly squared them, as we are told by
the present Postmaster General; and in the mean
time it has extendtd mail facilities over the whole
country to over one half—yes, sir, to nearly
double the amount that existed at the commence-
ment of that period. Eight yeais ago the mail
transportation in stages, steamboats, sulkies, and
on horseback, amounted, in the yearly aggregate,
to about fourteen million five hundred thou-
sand dollars. It now amounts to neaily, if not
quite, double that sum. The aggregate yearly
revenue of the Department, eight years ago, was
about |1,700,000. The Postmaster General now
estimates the revenues of the Department, per
annum  at $3,000,000. And, after making allow-
ances for all the requisite additions of mail facil-
ities, to be effected during the coming year, to be |
paid for out of the proceeds of past investments,
a surplus of about $200,000 is anticipated, at the
lowest estimate. Sir, these facts demonstrate
that there is no cause for apprehension on account
of reduetion in the revenue of the Department by
the proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. I repeat, that the estimated reduction by
it of the Postmaster General's letter makes no
account of the certain addition of revenue to the
Department, aiming from the constant increase
of business throughout the country, and beyond
he extension of mail facilities
I should like very much to see the other side
of this account worked out upon paper by the
present shrewd, intelligent  and  talented  Post-
master General.    I should like to see his figures,
demonstrating what the growth of revenue in the
Department would be over and above the usual
expenditures and mail extension, and  what it
can bear, running the calculation through a series
of years to come, as he would know well how to
do, and not confining it to the  operations of a
single year.    Where the annual increase of rev-
enue is clearly out of proportion to the necessary
increase of mail extension, it is evident that every
year will admit of further diminution of that
revenue, without curtailing the usual extension
of mail facilities.    Now, sir, it is  this state of
things in the Post Office Department that I would
take advantage of, and by it reduce the rates of
1 postage throughout the land.    And even though
I such á reduction  should operate   to make the
1 Post Office Department, to some extent, an an-
1 nual charge upon the Treasury of the nation, I
j would still advocate it as a matter of both justice
I and expediency under the existing condition of
the Treasury of this Government     As a matter
I of justice, the Federal Government can afford to
contribute to the support of the Department.   Its
services for the Government, if taxed as individ-
uals are taxed foi  its services, would exceed a
Ho. of Reps.
million dollars per annum. Why, then, fear to
throw the Department upon the national Treas-
ury to some extent, if the proposed measure will
so operate> which I do not believe. Sir, I am
in favor of a reduction of the postage now im-
posed upon the people. The time has come
when the people are entitled to relief from the
burdens imposed upon them by the Federal Gov-
ernment; and the time has not only come for
this, but for the rising of a feelingof general com-
plaint that the legislation of the Federal Govern-
ment operates to gather into the Treasury large
masses of funds that can serve no great or good
purpose, and produces only excitement and dis-
traction throughout the country.
Sir, I am prepared to lighten this taxation upon
the people in any and in every way that presents
an opportunity for it; and I have none of the
apprehensions of other gentlemen of bad effects
resulting from the reduction of postage now pro-
posed; and, first, because I have no faith in the
predictions that the Post Office Department will
be in any degree embarrassed by it; and next,
because if that should be the case, the Federal
Treasury is competent to contribute relief with-
out adding one cent to the taxes now gathered
from the people.
Mr. Speaker, I will detain the House only to
add a word of admonition to those gentlemen
who prefer the law as it now stands, to the pro-
posed law of the committee. If they wish to
secure their object, and retain the law as it now
stands, let them beware of voting in favor of
reconsidering the motion of the gentleman fiom
Massachusetts. For if that motion be reconsid-
ered, I believe there will be a combination of
feeling and interest—of feeling in some quarter
in favor of changing the rates of postage—from
considerations connected with the currency, per-
haps, and of interest elsewhere, arising from
local advantages which may be foreseen sufficient
to sustain and carry the proposition of the com-
mittee, unequal as it is upon some of the States.
If the motion to reconsider be negatived, the
question will stand between the law as it now is,
and the tariff proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Lawrence.] I am, indi-
vidually, in favor of the last proposition. But if
this cannot be adopted, I hope to avoid the prop-
osition of the committee, and retain the tariff of
postage now provided by law.
[The motion to reconsider was negatived—
nyes 66, noes 81. Afterwards, Mr. Lawrenck
consented to an amendment deferring the opera-
tion of his pioposed tariff, until after the next
session of Congress, viz: until 1st January, 1838.
The whole proposition was rejected, by a vote
of—ayes 65, noes 91. So the rates of postage
heretofore established remain unchanged by the
bill as it has been adopted by the House.]
DECISION OF THE SPEAKER.
REMARKS OF SPEAKER POLK,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the Hoüsh of Representatives,
May 30, 1836,
Upon the decision of the Speaker on the motion of Mr.
Jenifer to be excused from voting on Mr. Pinckney's
resolution.
The SPEAKER stated the grounds of his de-
cision to the House, substantially to the following
effect: In giving his decision on a former day,
when the same question of construction of the
rules, now raised, was first brought to the notice
of the House, he had stated a case which might
arise, as an illustration of what would be the
practical operation of the rules, under a contrary
decision from that which he had given. The
case supposed, for the puipose of illustration
merely, was not applied to any members of the
House, as seemed to have been inferred; and it
was due, no less to the House than to himself,
that he should seize the opportunity to disclaim
(and he took gieat pleasure in doing so) any in-
tention of having imputed impioper motives to
any honorable membeis of that honorable body.
He did not say, on that occasion, nor did he
