498
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
24th C0IfG....lST Sess.
Decision of the Speaker—Mr. Polk.
Ho. of Reps.
mean to be understood as saying that any mem-
bers of that honorable House were factious, or
would be influenced by any other than proper
motives, and their own sense of public duty.
He-was endeavoring to show simply that under
a decision contrary to that which he had made,
the effect might be (he did not say it would be)
to suspend, if not to be put a stop to the transac-
tion of the public business.
He had also, in giving that decision, referred
to the case which had occurred in 1832, as he
now referred to it, for the single purpose of
showing that in that case the vote of the House
was declared, and the decision made upon the
question pending before it, without the vote of
the member who did not vote, and who asked to
be excused.
Mr. ADAMS asked, if the Speaker was going
on to argue that precedent, if fre could be per-
mitted to answer?
The SPEAKER proceeded to examine the pre-
cedent, and to State the proceedings in the case,
as they appeared on the Journal, to show that
the House, without the vote of the member who
had asked to be excused, and though his request
to be excused from voting had been refused, did,
notwithstanding, proceed to call the roll through,
and pronounce the decision. In that case the
decision of the House was declared upon a very
important question-, a question of no less import-
ance than a resolution declaring that one of the
members Of the House "merited the decided
censure of the House." And yet, if the true
construction of the rule be that every member
who is present when a vote is taken, must either
vote or be excused from voting, before a decision
ean be had, no decision could have been pro-
nounced in that case. It appeared further, from
the Journal, that after the votes of the members
who had given their votes had been declared, and
the decision of the House been made on the ques-
tion before it, on the next day the case of the
member who had not voted was the subject of
consideration, and resolutions which had been
introduced upon the subject, were, by a vote of
the House, laid on the table; and there the mat-
ter ended. He had cited this case (the only one
of the kind, he believed, which had ever occurred)
for the single purpose of showing that, in the
opinion of the House of Representatives of that
Congress, it was not necessary for every member
"present, " when the question is put, to give his
vole, unless the House, for special reasons, shall
excuse him," in order to enable the House to
decide upon the question before it upon the votes
of the majority of the House who do give their
voles. It was to establish this point alone, that
he had referred to the case.
The rule is silent as to the time at which the
member shall be excused. If he " shall be in the
House when the question is put," he "shall
give his vote, unless the House, for special
reasons, shall excuse him." But the time at
which hie case shall be considered is left in the
discretion of the House. It is competent for the
House, if he has committed a violation of the
rules of the House, to pass his name, and con-
sider his case subsequently.
The case he had stated on a former occasion,
and now repeated for the purpose of illustration,
as one that might arise, was this.    Suppose the
House'to be dividing, and the vote taking on the
bill or other proposition before it, and pending
the call of the yeas and nays, and before the vote
is announced, a member refuses to vote, or de-
clines voting, and asks to be excused.   Must the
House, in such case, suspend the calling of the
yeas and  nays, stop in the middle  of the roll,
when half the members have voted, and half
have not, and arrest the decision on the question
before it,.until it can decide on the case of the
member who has not voted? or if the roll be per-
mitted to be called through, must the decision,
as ascertained by the votes given, be suspended
until the House can decide on the case of the
member who has not voted ?   If this be the trae
construction of the rule it may be that no decision
could ever be had on the main question, for on
the question to excuse a member from voting, or
to take order in his case, if he refuses to vote,
debate may arise, and after discussion, and pos- ,
sibly great delay, the House may proceed to vote
by yeas and nays on the question of excusing
him from voting, or to coerce him to vote, and
whilst the House are dividing, and pending the
call of the yeas and nays on this question, and
before the result of the vote is announced, a
second member may refuse to vote on that ques-
tion, or decline voting, and asks to be excused.
And so, if this construction of the rule be correct,
the proceedings of the House must be again sus-
pended, and the decision arrested upon the case
of the first member who refused or declined to
vote, until the question can be settled in the case
of the second member who did not vote on the
question of excusing the first. And so upon the
question of excusing the second member from
voting, a third member may not vote, and ask to
be excused, and the proceedings of the House
must be again suspended, and the decision on the
case of the second member, who has not voted,
be arrested, until a question be taken in relation
to the third member who has not voted; and
thus, upon each successive case of members,
who may not choose to vote when their names
are called, the same thing may occur, and there
may be no possibility of ever deciding any ques-
tion, however important, so long as any one
member may decline or refuse to vote; and the
business of the House may be thus utterly ob-
structed and stopped, and this too, though the
votes of the members who may not have voted,
could not, if given, change the result—as for ex-
ample, in the first case in which this question
arose on a former day, where the votes given by
the members who did vote, stood—ayes 182,
noes 9; and, as in the present case, whéVe the
votes given on the question now before the House,
"as ascertained by the Clerk and communicated to
the Speaker, though not yet formally announced
to the House, show that the vote of the member
who has not voted and asks to be excused, cannot,
if given, change the result* The same difficulty
would arise, if, in the midst of a division of the
House (by yeas and nays or otherwise) the pro-
i ceedings were arrested to enable the House to
pass a vote of censure, or otherwise punish a
member, instead of stopping to take the Vote on
excusing him. If any one member pre^nt de-
clined to vote and asked to be excused on this
question to censure or otherwise punish, no de-
cision could be had until the case of him who
had declined to vote on this question was settled;
and his case again could never be settled so long
as any one member declined to vote on the ques-
tion of excusing him. And so, if this be the
true construction of the rule, no decision could
ever be made on any question, so long as any '
'two members shall alternately decline to vote on
each successive question of excusing or coercing
each other to vote.
This was the case he had stated by way of
illustration, when this question had first arisen.
He had stated it for the purpose of showing what
would be the practical effect of a decision con-
trary to that which he had given. He had given
it simply as an illustration, and without any
intention of imputing improper motives to any
member of the House. And lie respectfully sub-
mitted whether a construction, which may lead
to such a result, can be the proper construction
of that rule of the House, which declares that
every member present shall vote, unless, for
sufficient reasons, he shall be excused by the
House. The rules of the House were intended
to promote and to facilitate, and not to defeat,
the transaction of public business; and, in his
opinion, such a construction was to be given to
them as would attain the end for which they were
framed. It was a common occurrence, in taking
the vote by yeas and nays, or by dividing the
House, for members to remain silent in their
seats, and not give their votes; and yet it had !
been the immemorial usage, and was now the ''
daily practice, to proceed with the vote, and to
pronounce the decision, as ascertained by the
count of those who have voted, without making
any question in relation to the members who
have not voted. The names of those who do not
* The state of the vote, as subsequently announced to
the House, was—yeas 133, nays 54.
answer are passed silently by. Is the case at all
changed by the fact that a member, instead of
remaining silent in his seat, and suffering his
name to be passed,rises in his place, and informs
the House that he is present, and has not voted?
The member who remains silent, and suffers his
name to be passed, has violated the rule as much
as he who rises and informs the House that he
is present, and has not voted. In the former
case, the daily practice is to proceed with the
vote, and declare the decision. The House take
no cognizance of the case. He may have doubts
on the question, and not be prepared to vote, or
, he may have sufficient reasons, and may not
choose to trouble the House with them; and yet
he as much violates the rule as the member who
informs the House he had not voted.
These rules, which are the laws of the House,
are to be construed as a whole, and so as to give
effect to each one of them. One of the rules of
the House, for example, provides, that "a motion
to adjourn shall be always in order,"and yet none
will maintain that whilst the House are in the
act of dividing, and a question is taking by yeas
i and nays, it would be in order for a member,
when his name is called for his rote, yea or nay,
to rise in his place, and interrupt or arrest the
further vote of the House, by moving that the
House adjourn. None will maintain that the
motion to adjourn at this stage, though declared
by the tule, in absolute and unqualified terms, to
be "always in order," could be entertained until
after the vote of the House on the question on
which they are in the act of voting is completed
and the decision pronounced. So another rule
of the House declares that "it shall be in order
for the Committee on Enrolled Bills to report at
any time," and yet none will maintain that it
would be in order for a member of that committee
to rise in the midst of a vote by yeas and nays,
and arrest the vote of the House by making a
report; which report, if made-at that time, must
stop the vote of the House Until it was disposed
of. And so the rule under consideration could
' not have contemplated that a vote of the House,
on a division by yeas and nays, could be arrested,
until the House could take cognizance of the case
of a member refusing to vote, or asking to be
excused from voting. The rule provides that he
shall give his vote, if he be not excused, but it is
silent as to the time when his excuse-shall be
considered. He was clear that such a question
could not be interposed pending a decision of the
i House.
From the reason, as well as the necessity of
the case, he had decided, on a former occasion,
and now decided, that the vote of the House, on
a division by yeas and nays, could not be inter-
rupted or arrested by interposing any other ques-
tion, but that the vote, when commenced, must
proceed, and the decision be had,leaving it at the
discretion of the House to settle or take order
upon any other question which may incidentally
arise, at such time as may suit its pleasure or
convenience. The decision he had made on a
former occasion, and now made, was conformable
to these views, and for the convenience of the
House, and was, in his judgment, the only prac-
tical construction which could be given to these
rules, to enable the House, without great embar-
rassment and delay, to dispatch the public busi-
ness. He had felt an anxious solicitude to decide
the question properly, and at the same time, if
possible, to meet the views of the Hoase. And
to aid himself in forming a correct judgment, he
had, .before he had given the decision on the
question, when it first arose, taken the opinion
of several members of the House, of different
political parties, all of whom had concurred with
turn in opinion, that the decision which he sub-
sequently gave, was the only practical construc-
tion which could be given to these rules that
would enable the House, without embarrassment,
to accomplish the objects for which they were
framed. The House had, when the question
was first raised, sustained the decision-, but if,
on reconsideration, or more full examination, it
should now come to a different conclusion, he
would take great pleasure in conforming to their
will.
i     He felt sensibly the weight of the responsibility
