1336.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
¿4th Cong....1st Sess.
Decision of the Speaker—Mr. Spongier.
Ho. os* Reps.
which devolved upon the Presiding Officer of this
Hout-e. Difficulties, growing out of the com-
plexiev as well as the \ague and uncertain terms
in w inch many of the rules adopted for the gov-
ernment of the House were couched, were con-
ciaiitlv arising. New and delicate, as well as
difficult and  ery important questions of order
were often raised, upon which it was his duty to
decide. Hi* opinions were, however, subject to
the revision and correction of the House, and if
the House differed with him in opinion upon
this or any otiier occasion, they will so declare,
and he would most cheerfully yield to their
decision and promptly execute their will.
In the present case, he was of opinion that the
dec is ou he had made on a foimer occasion, and
now made, was correct, and for the convenience
of the House, and he unhesitatingly adhered to it;
out if the House thought otherwise, they would
sustain the appeal, and lie should as unheaiutt*
Uigly execute their will.
[Alter a protracted débale, running through
the whole day, the decision of the Speaker was
sustained by the House—yeas 106, nays 61.}
DBCIWCKS OP THE SPEAKER.
REMARKS OP HON. DAVID SPANGLER,
OF OHIO,
Ik the Horse of Representatives,
Jfoi/ 30, 1836,
On the appeal of Mr. Wise from the decision of the Chair,
on the molino of Mr Je.yifek to be excused from voting.
Mr. SPANGLER «aid:  I desire to say a few
words in explanation of my opinion on the ques-
tion before the House.   A vote has been ordered
to be taken by yeaa and nays.   The Clerk has
proceeded with the call, and a number of gentle-
men have answered to their names.   The gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Jevifer,] on his name
being called, roae in ins place, and moved that
he be excused from voting.    The Chair enter-
tained the motion, but decided that " before the
' question can be taken on excusing, the vote of
* the House on the pending question must be fin-
' ished, and  the decision thereon announced."
From this decision the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Wise] has appealed; and tlie question is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the House.'" Sir, I am for sustain-
ing trie Chair.   I think the decision clearly right.
Should we reverse it, and establish the contrary
rule, much inconvenience might follow; and in-
deed it might be found impossible to transact the
business of the House.    The question is a new
one, and is attended with difficulties. Our object
should be to settle it in such a manner as to avoid,
as far as possible, embarrassment and confusion.
The vote of the House by yeas and nays is but
one vote, though there are two hundred and forty
members, and, upon parliamentary principles, is
precisely the same as the vote by acclamation.
They are identical.    If the rule required that a
member should assign his reasons for being ex-
cused from voting, when the vote is taken by
acclamation, the only time, of course, when he
could assign them, would be when the question
was propounded by the Speaker; and, therefore,
that is the time that he should ask to be excused
when the vote is taken by yeas and nays, be-
cause, in strict parliamentary construction, the
vote by acclamation and the vote by yeas and
nays are one and the same, though it is physic-
ally impossible to take the latter in the same
manner with the former.
It is maintained by those who oppose the de-
cision of the Chair, that if motions of gentlemen
to be excused from voting be postponed until
after the House has decided the mam question
before it, and then, should the House refuse to
excuse them from voting, they might prefervoting
to incurring the penalty of refusing; and thus
might vote on a question that had already been
decided, and thereby reverse the former decision:
and this, say gentlemen, would introduce much
confusion. It is further said that the discussion
of the excuses offered by gentlemen might occupy
several days; and if they were not excused, and
thereupon choose to vote, they might change by
their votes the decision made on a previous day.
Sir, these are difficulties; and if we can avoid
them without running into other equally embar-
rassing on the other side, we certainly should do
so.    Uut suppose we reverse the Speaker's de-
cision—suppose we establish it as a part of the
lex parliamentaria that " after the call of the yeas
' and nays has commenced, and a part of the
' members have answered to their  names and
'voted, a gentleman, on his name being called,
' may answer by moving to  be excused from
' voting, and that that motion must be decided
' before the vote of the House on the main ques-
' tion isgone through with." What consequences
may result from such a proceeding'   Let us
carry it .out fot a momtnt.    If one gentleman
may claim this as a right so may others,   A vote
by yeas ami nays m commenced.   Part of the
members, on their names being called, have an-
swered and voted.   The vote of the House is in
part taken; and at this stage of the proceeding,
a gentleman, on his name being called, moves to
be excused from voting, and proceeds to assign
his reasons.    He goes into an argument on the
merits, yes, sir, the merits of the main question
before the House, by way of proving that he
cannot conscientiously vote on it, either in the
affirmative or negative.    He may urge that it is
a subject over which Congress has no jurisdic-
tion—that it involves the exercise of power not
conferred by the Constitution-^that the subject,
though within the constitutional power of Con-
gress, is of a nature so delicate and dangerous
that its agitation will only tend to excite and in-
flame the public mind.   These, and many other
topics of discussion, may be introduced by gen-
tlemen as considerations which ought to operate
to excuse them from voting.
Well, sir, other gentlemen differing in opinion
from these, will, of course, answer them, or at
least may answer them; and thus, after the vote
of the House has been in part taken, a debate on
the merits of the main question may arise, ex-
tending throughout several days. At last a
decision is had on the motion to be excused.
The name of the gentleman next on the list is
called, and he moves to be excused from voting;
and he also assigns his reasons; a debate again
ensues, and, after one or more days spent in dis-
cussing his excuses, a decision is had. The
Clerk then calls, the name of the next gentleman,
and he wishes to be excused, and a debate again
ensues. Sir, where is it to end ? and if this mode
of proceeding be established, how long may the
House be occupied in taking a vote on the main
question? So far as I can discover, weeks or
months might be consumed in calling the yeas
and nays on a single proposition.
Again: During this time, what sort of a Jour-
nal would your proceedings present? On the
first day the yea  and nays are called through the
Á'b; on the second day, through the B's; on the
third day, through the C's; and so on to the end
of the alphabet, requiring as many days as there
are letters. If such were in fact the proceedings
of the House, I ask gentlemen, in all candor,
whether they would be willing to have them
spread upon the Journals?
I Again: Suppose the previous question had been
ordered, how will its operation be affected by
I   such a proceeding?    Every gentleman knows
that the previous question is intended to cut off
| all further debate on the main question; but the
II  principle contended for might render it a nullity,
I and in effect entirely abrogate it.   Suppose the'
I previous question to be ordered by the House.
i The Clerk is calling the yeas and nays on the
mam question. A gentleman, on his name being
called, moves to be excused from voting.   He
proceeds to assign his reasons, and it is, that the
| 36th rule of the House, which authorizes, th 
l' previous question, is unconstitutional, as tending
to abridge the liberty of speech.   Sir, I am no
advocate for the frequent use of the previous
question; but I would ask, to what length might
not such a discussion extend ? Again: A gentle-
man  moves  that  he be excused from voting.
After hearing his excuse, and debating it, it is
ordered that the vote on excusing be taken by
yeas and nays; and on that question another gen-
tleman, on his name being called, moves to be
excused from voting, and, after a debate on his
motion to be excused, the vote is ordered to be
taken by yeas and nays; and while the Clerk is
calling the names, another gentleman asks that
he be excused. Sir, where is it to erid? when is
it to end ?
The question arises, how are we to steer clear
of these difficulties ? How are we to transact the
public business without entangling ourselves in
the meshes of our own rules ? To me the ques-
tion is free from embarrassment; the path is direct
and plain. The 28th rule of the House says:
" Every member who shall be in the House when
the question is put, shall give his vote, unless the
House, for special reasons, shall excuse him."
When may he ask to he excused ? I answer, at
any time befort the Clerk has commenced oalhng
the yeas and nays, but not after. A gentleman
may ask to be excused from voting when it is in
order to do so, but at no other time. We ought
so to construe and apply our rules thai they may
harmonize and conduce to the easy rind conve-"
nient transaction of business. The 34th rule pro-
vides that " a motion to adjourn shall always be
in order." Yes, sir, " always in order;" but who
ever dreamed that it was in order, under this rule,
to move an adjournment pending the call of the
yeas and nays, or While a gentleman has the floor,
unless he expressly yields it for that purpose?
Again: The call of the yeas and nays occupies
about half an hour. After the expiration of the
morning hour, it is in order, eVen pending the
consideration or discussion of reports from com-
mittees,and resolutions, to move " that the House
do now proceed tb dispose of the business1 on the
Speaker's table, and-to the orders of the day,"
(see rule 17.) Yet, if the morning happens to
expire, as it'frequentty does, pending the call of
the yeas and nays on questions pertaining to
mommg hour business, Wrro ever thought of in-
terrupting the vote, by interposing a motion " that
the Hoase do now proceed to dispose of thebusi-
ness on the Speaker's table, add to the orders of
the day ?
Again: After'the previous question is ordered*,
a motion for a call of the House is in order: so
is a motion to lay the mam question or* the1 table.
So is a motion to adjourn.   And each of these
motions may be made again and again, one after
the other, at any time between the call OF the-
previous question and the commencement of the'
call of the yeas and nays.    But every gentleman
knows that after the calf of the yeas and nays id
' commenced, no motion is in orderuntil after the
i decision of the main question.    Is it, then, con-
I sistent with the general scope and spirit of the
I rules I have cited, that after the previous question
has been ordered, and after the yeas and nays
are commenced, and when no one of the privi-
leged motions can be interposed, that yet another
¡ motion may be made, must be entertained and
decided, which may involve in its consideration1
I a protracted debate on the merits of the main
I question?   Yes, sir, which may present as wide
a field for discussion as was open to gentlemen
the first moment the main subject -was taken up
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.   Sir, I can sanction no construction of
rules that leads to such results'.    I believe that it
might lead in its consequences to endless con-
fusion and interruption of the business of the
House.                                                    ^
To avoid tHi , J would so* construe tire 28th
rule as to require that gentlemen ask to be excused
from voting before the commencement of the call
o? the yeas and nays. " Every member who'
shall be in the House wheh the question rs put
shall give his vote, unfess the House, for special 
reasons, shalf excuse him."              *,..«.
When, in the language Of the rale, "is then
question put?1' It is put irften the Chair propounds
it to the House. Then is the time for gentlemen
to ask to be excused, if they do not wish to vote.
The calling of the yea3 and nays by the Clerk
is not putting the question. He pats no question
to the House, and he cannot call the names of
the members until after the Chair has put the
question. My opinion is, that a motion to be
excused from voting ought not to be entertained
after the call of the yeas and nays has been com-
menced; and that, if entertained, its consideration
and decision should be postponed until after the
pending question is decided, and the decision
announced to the House; and I shall so vote.
