430
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
tariff of postages.
REMARKS OF HON. WILLIAM TAYLOR,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
May 31, 1836,
On the question pending to reconsider the vote by which
the follow ing amendment to the bill to change the organ-
ízauon of the Post Office Department was adopted:
"Retain the first clause of the section, and strike out all
after the «eventn to the fifteenth line of the section inclu-
sive, and insert,' not exceeding fifty miles, five cents , over
fifty miles, and not exceeding one hundred and fifty, ten
cents; over one hundred and fifty miles, and not exceeding
four hundred, fifteen cents; over four hundred mile=, and
not exceeding eight hundred, twenty cents, over eight hun-
dred miles, tweny-five cents.'"
Mr. TAYLOR said:  It seems to be agreed on
all hands that the Post Office Department was
never intended as a source of revenue to the Gov-
ernment, and that it never ought to be.    In this ,
there appears no difference of opinion.   But, sir,
if the present rates of postage are continued, it
is very evident that it will become a source of
revenue to a pretty large amount beyond the ex-
penses of the Department.   It appears, by the
reportof the Postmaster General, that the balance
in favor of the Department last year wasf 467,000;
and the annual increase of the amount of postage
has been, for a few years past, not less than ten
per cent.   By the statement of the Postmaster
GeneraL which has just been read, the amount of
postage is set down at $3,000,000 for the last year, !
which, at the ordinary increase, will probably be
not less this year than three million three hun-
dred thousand dollars.   The increase of $300,000
added to the balance in favor of the Department I
which accrued last year, and you have, at the
present rate of postage, the sum of $767,000 i
revenue over the expenditures, provided there {
should be no additional expense incurred.   The
new routes which are proposed to be_ established
by the bill now before the House, it is estimated
by the committee, will cost the Department about
three hundred thousand dollars, still leaving a '
large balance in its favor. Now, sir, without any
change in the tariff of postage, and making all
reasonable allowance for extending the accommo-
dation of mail facilities according to the increasing
wants of the people, it cannot be doubted, that
there will be annually accumulating an excess of
revenue over the expenditures toa large amount.
This seems to be  admitted by the  committee,
and the amendment which they have proposed, ¡
according to their estimates, will reduce theaggre-
gate amount of postage some two or three hun-
dred thousand dollars.   But this amendment I
would not consent to, because I think it would
operate unjustly and unequally.    It proposes to
reduce the amount of postage, but while it reduces
the rate with some.it increases it with others.
It does not uniformly reduce the rate of postage.
My honorable colleague [Mr. Mann] has said,
more than once, that, in examining this subject,
it was not statesmanlike to examine it with refer-
ence to the effect that it might have upon one's
constituents; that this would be too limited a view
of the subject; but, that we should look to its
effects upon the whole people at large.
Sir, I grant that, in examining the effect that
any measure proposed here is likely to have, we
should not be exclusively confined to our imme-
diate constituents, but I venture to say, no gen-
tleman upon this floor can examine a subject so
general in its operation, affecting, more or less,
all classes and conditions of people, as this amend-
ment does, without a particular inquiry into the
effect it will have upon his immediate constitu-
ents. And, indeed, sir, if he should neglect to
do this, he would be wanting in his duty to them.
Several gentlemen have expressed to the House
the opinion that the amendment of the committee
would operate injuriously upon theirconstituents;
and such, sir, 1 have no doubt, would be the
effect upon those I have the honor to represent
in part upon this floor; and hence I infer it would
produce geneial dissatisfaction. From my dis-
trict to Albany, the capital of the State, with
which there is at all times an extensive corre-
spondence, and especially during the session of
the Legislature, the postage would be increased
Tariff of Postages—Mr. Taylor.
from twelve and a half to fifteen cents; and to
and from New York, the commercial emporium
of the State, it would be increased from eighteen
and three quarters to twenty cents, and so with
other important points of communication. What
the aggregate effect may be it is impossible for
me to determine; but I look, as I know those
i whom I represent would naturally look, to the
effect that it would have upon the correspondence
i  with  those  important points,  where business
11 necessarily leads to the gieatest amount of letter
communication; and here I find the effect of the
amendment of the committee would be decidedly
injurious.   Sir, I voted for the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, which
prevailed, and which it is now proposed to recon-
sider.   I was in favor of this, because it is free
from the objections which have been considered.
It will be more uniform in its effects, reducing
all the rates of postage so that all will feel its
beneficial effects, and none will have to complain
that it is increased at any distance; and it con-
forms in the rate of postage to the federal cur-
rency, which all admit is desirable.   The only
objection to this, I believe arises from the appre-
hension that it will so far reduce the amount of
postage as  to embarrass the Department and
compel the Postmaster General to lessen the ex-
pense by diminishing the accommodations now
enjoyed by the people.   This certainly should
[ be avoided.   I would do nothing calculated in
the least to burtail the present mail facilities, or
I to prevent that reasonable extension of the sys-
tem which the rapidly increasing population and
[ business of the country may require now or here-
after.
By the letter of the Postmaster General to the
chairman of the Post Office Committee, it appears
that his estimate of the amount of reduction
which will result from this amendment is some-
thing over half amilhon dollars, which, he thinks,
is more than the Department can bear, and
keep up the accommodations which are now fur-
i nished. But I do not understand, from hearing
the letter read, that in this estimate the increasing
revenue from postages was taken into the account,
which probably will equal, for a series of years
at least, an annual increase of ten per cent., and
which was estimated by the gentleman from
Massachusetts at fifteen per cent. And as that
gentleman has stated, that if the vote is not
reconsidered, he shall move to amend, so as to
defer the period when the new tariff of postage
shall take effect, to the 1st of January, 1838, it
appears to me that the apprehended difficulties
may and will be avoided. There will, of course,
before that period, be a large balance in favor of
the Department, which, with the gradually in-
creasing amount of postage, will, it is believed,
be sufficient to warrant the reduction without
experiencing any embarrassment. At all events,
before that time we shall have had two annual
reports from the Postmaster General, the true
condition of the Depaitment will then be well
understood, and something like a just estimate
may be formed, of the probable effect of the reduc-
tion proposed, and the ability of the Department
to sudtaih itself under it; and, as Congress will
then be in session, any alterations can be made
which may be indicated by existing circum-
stances. I shall, therefore, vote against a recon-
sideration; fearing that, if the motion to recon-
sider prevails, the amendment of the committee
will be adopted, which I am most decidedly
opposed to, preferring altogether that the present
rates of postage should be continued.
REMOVAL OF THE FLORIDA INDIANS
SPEECH OF HON. JOS. M. WHITE,
OF FLORIDA,
In the House of Representatives,
June 3, 1836,
On the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. WHITE said- I understand the proposi-
tion now before the committee to be, whether
this House will sanction two amendments of the
Senate to the Indian appropnation bill, providing
a fund of $1,000,000 foi the lemoval of the C*eek
Ho. of Reps.
and Seminole Indians to the country assigned
them on the west of the Mississippi river Tins
sum has been proposed by the Secietary of Wai
in two communications addressed to the Indiin
Committee of this House, in which it is stated
that the measure now recommended is essential
to the peace of the frontier, and indispensable to
the security and preservation of the Indians them-
selves.
In moving a concurrence on the pait of this
House in the amendment of the Senate, the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affaa s has
told us that it is hardly admissible to expect the
removal of these Indians until they are subdued
and conciliated. It does not require much knowl-
edge of the Indian character to undeistand that
chastisement never produces conciliation, though
it may produce submission. Whatever may be
the feelings of these Indians, or the consequences
resulting fiom them, the United States are bound
by the most powerful considerations of policy,
aá well as the solemn stipulations of a treaty, to
remove them "peaceably if they can,forcibly if
they must," to the country they have contracted
for.
Before proceeding to the consideration of the
history of this Seminole wai, in regaid to which
the gentleman from Veimont has entertained the
House foi the last two houis, I must notice one
of the preliminary observations, in which he says
this House have no authentic information of a
Creek war, and no evidence that theie have been
at any time twenty-five Creeks assembled. He
further intimated, that the only intelligence we
had from the seat of war was from the affrighted
and flying inhabitants, whofee misfortunes and
distresses have, upon several occasions, been
made the subject of jeeung, derogatory, and
debasing remarks, m official dispatches, as well
as speeches on this floor.                            >
Sir, what evidences have you of the existence
of a war. We have the official leports from the
Governors of Georgia and Alabama, letters from
Major Mcintosh, commanding at Fort Mitchell;
reports from the postmaster al.Colum.bus; requi-
sitions from the Secretai y of War for appropri-
ations; the actual calling out of four thousand
troops from Alabama and Georgia, and a brigade
from Tennessee; with the movement of all the
regular troops. In addition to these evidences,
you have actually made an appropriation of
4*500,000 to suppress these hostilities, and yet we
are asked for proof that there is a wai, or that
twenty-five Indians have ever been assembled at
any one place'
You have had information, through the official
journal at this place, of the seizure of the public
mails, and that the mail route fi om Chattahooche>
to Line creek was strewed with frtangli d bodies
of murdered victims of savage fuocity. You
have spen that four hundred aimed Indians have
taken the town of Roanoke, and captured two
steamboats, and when measures of piotpction
and defense are asked for, we are coolly and
indiffeiently asked if thtre is, in fact, any war ?
I understand the object of all this manruvenng
perfectly well. It is to censure the Executive
for not having made a direct communication on
this subject. Whethei this be withir. his consti-
tutional duties or not, is not for me to decide
Whether he has done his duty- or not I trust
will not be made the subject of mockery and
outrage upon those whose misfortune it is to live
within the range of the application of the toma-
hawk and scalping-knife, which have been so
tauntingly and indifferently íeferred to on this
floor.
I have one word to say on the subject of these
unfortunate sufferers, who aie represented as a
| panie-stncken, flying population, not stopping to
see whether they are pursued by " squaws or by
| warriors." These people live in detached neigh-
borhoods in a sparsely populated country, having
j   no large settlements to fall back upon and no foi ti-
|  lied places to íetreatto; aie dtiven, by the feelings
I   of natural affection, fiist to place thí ir wives and
childien out of thé íeach of a tieacheious, barba-
j rous, and bloodthirsty savage enemy , who disre-
gaid all the piinciples of civilization and humani-
I ty.    It is an easy thing at this distance, and with
the sccuuty of a thousand milt s from the opcra-
1; Uomj of such aa enemy,to talk about-fightuig and
