1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Removal of the Florida Indians—Mr. White.
Ho. of Reps.
pursuing them,instead of retreating to a place of
safety until a sufficient number can bo assembled
to meet them with some prospect of resistance.
In the ben divs of the Roman Republic the life
ot one citizen was considered of sufficient conse-
quence, not onlv to produce a sensation through-
out the capn- !. but in the remotest provinces
Here, it appears, more sympathy is felt for the
imaginary rights of the Indians than for our butch-
ered women and children, who have had no
agency in bringing about the horrible war now
raging on vour frontiers.
1 proceed, however, without further remark,
to the question put by the gentleman from Ver-
mont He demands, as preliminary to voting this
money, 'hat this House should decide " whether
our quarrel beju&t!" He proceeds then to make
a statement which deeply implicates the honor
of the nation, and subjects this Administration,
if true, to the condemnation of the ]ust and lib-
eral throughout the United States. Sir, it is not
my province to defend the present Administra-
tion Neither I nor the people I represent have
much reason to enter into their defense. I have
but one rule, however, on this subject, and that
is to detend this or any other Administration from
improper imputations or unjustifiable abuse I
have, however, a much higher, and, I trust, no-
bler motive than a miserable- party conflict, in
vindicating the honor of mv country against
charges of pumc faith, of violated treaties, and
of heartless oppression of these miserable, des-
picable, and degraded savages. The gentleman
from Vermont attempts to maintain two propo-
sitions: 1, that tne treaty with the Seminóles is
not, and never was binding upon them; 2, that
the treaty itself was foifeited tor a non-compli-
ance with the conditions contained in it, and he
proceeds to denounce the President for threaten-
ing to execute it by force, and has read various
extracts from the negotiations between these In-
dians and our commanding officers, to excite
commiseration for them, and public indignation
against the Government and itsofficers. He has
commenced his history of this transaction with
the treaty of Camp Moultrie, in 1823, and has
intimated that the Government did not produce
'the state of starvation in which the Indians
•were found, but that they only took advantage
of it." I propose to go back a little further into
the history of these Indians than it has suited the
purpose of the gentleman to go, and I pledge
myself to maintain before this House and the
nation, that the conduct of this Government to
these ruthless barbarians has been marked by
hbtrahtv, forbearance, lenity, and magnanimity.
The Florida Indians are the remains of that
ancient and warlike tribe known under the desig-
nation of the Natchez tribe on the Mississippi,
which, being almost extirpated by the French,
retreated along the northern coast of the Gulf of
Mexico, and united with broken bands of Bdox-
íes, Red Sticks,and runaway Creeks,called Semi-
nóles. The word " Seminole" signifies " a wan-
derer or runaway." The largest portion of these
Indians are lower Creeks, and are of the most
dissolute, daring, and abandoned of that tribe.
During the wars that succeeded our revolution-
ary contest they were pressed down below the
Spanish line into the country then the dominions
ol Spain, and now the territory of the United
States. Their force was greatly increased by all
who fled from the nation when General Jackson
invaded tt in 1814. These Indians entered into
a treaty of offensive and defensive alliance with
the Spanish Government as early as the year
1764. By this treaty they were incorporated into
the Spanish monarchy, with certain reserved
rights, depending chiefly on the will of that Gov-
ernment.
By the treaty between the United States and
Spain, of 1795, it was stipulated that the Spanish
Government should restrain their Indians from
committing hostilities against the United States.
In this state of things the Floridas were ceded,
in full dominion and absolute property, to the
United States, by the treaty of the 22d February,
1819. In this treaty there was no allusion to, or
provision for, these Indians, in any manner what-
ever. The two provinces of East and West Flor-
ida were delivered to the United States by the
Spanish commissioner .   The white population
was confined to the towns of St. Augustine and
Pensacola, and the whole region between these
two places, one on the Atlantic and the other on
the Gulf of Mexico, distant four hundred miles
from each other, was occupied in some sort by
these roving savages. The United States took
possession of the country, and one of ¿be first
questions that occupied tne attention of the Ad-
ministration, or of Congress, was, what should
we do with these Indians' It was then repre-
sented, even at that period, that they were re-
duced to great extremities for the want of the
ordinary articles of subsistence. They had nearly
abandoned the chase, oh account of the scarcity
of game, and their idle, vicious habits piesented
an insuperable obstacle to the cultivation of the
soil
To have acquired a territory of such extent,
embracing one thousand two hundred miles of
sea-coast, to be left in possession of these Indians,
was too absurd to merit one moment's considera-
tion. The Secretary of War, Mr. Calhoun, on
the 28th January, 1823, in answer to a call of the
Indian Committee, at the head of which was
General Metcalf, late Governor of Kentucky,
communicated various reports and correspond-
ence, among which were several letters from the
present President of the United States, then
Governor of Florida. In one of these letters from
General Jackson, dated 20th of September, 1821,
referring to a talk he had had with the head
chiefs of the Florida Indians, he says:
" They acknowledge that it is just that those who
rejected peace when it was oftered to them, and fled from
their o«n country, continuing the war, ought to return to
their on n mtion I im ot opinion, from the «mallness ot
their numbers, and the shape ot the Floridas, that it would
be much better policy to move them all up, and amply to
provide lor tiiem by an annuity "
General Jackson, in a talk to the Indians on
the 18th September, 1821, told them, "those
' who fled from then nation, and joined in the
' war against us, must return to their country,
' where their chiefs are willing to receive them.
' They cannot be peimitted to settle all over the
' Floridas "
The chiefs were satisfied with what was then
communicated to them By a letter subsequently
addressed to the Secretary of War, he says, " the
1 exposed situation of the Floridas imperiously
' demands that its frontiei upon the coast should
' be immediately inhabited by white citizens."
He states that " the laigest portion of the Semi-
' noles are a part of the Creek nation;" and adds,
" with what pretense of justice can those who
' fled from the Creek nation, and kept up an
' exterminating war on our fiontier, until crushed
' by the arm of our Government in 1818, set up
' such claims'"
After examining the documents, the Committee
on Indian Affairs of this House reported that, in
their opinion, the Indians, as a  nation, own no
lands in Florida, except where it was granted to
them by the Spanish authorities—that they stood
in the relation of domestic dependent communi-
ties. This report was concurred in by the House.
It was apparent, therefore, that it was the inten-
tion of the Executive Government, as well as of
Congress, that the largest portion of these Indians
should be sent back to the nation to which they
belonged—being, as I have said, runaway Creeks,
and having no such attachments to the " bones
of their ancestors" as is so often and so falsely
ascribed  to them; a  mere fancy, much better
suited to poetry,fiction, and romance, than what
i we know of their senseless and brutal characters.
I     Some time after this a commission was author-
ized to treat with these Indians, and their nego-
tiations led to this  treaty of Camp Moultrie.
It will be  observed  that, at this  treaty, these
very runaway Creeks, in direct opposition to the
recommendations of General Jackson, and  the
deliberate views of Congress, as expressed in
Governor Metcalf's report, were permitted, in
conjunction with the others, to contract for and
obtain the possession of about five millions of
acres of land in the peninsular of East Florida.
I admit that this treaty constitutes a guarantee
of possession, until changed or rescinded by some
subsequent contract or convention.    Within a
few years after the conclusion of this treaty, the
Indians were found actually in a state of starva-
tion, and a large sum was appropriated by this
Government. Ay, sir, a much larger sum than
has been doled out by a reluctant hand to our
own suffering fellow-citizens, who have a right
to appeal to this Government for protection, and
who were intended to be provided for under the
generous resolution which passed this House
with such unanimity at the commencement of
hostilities
In consequence of intimations given by these
Indians, through thtir agent, that there was not
sufficient game to support them, I was appointed
a commissioner, in the year 1827, to offer them
a country of sufficient extent to the west of the
Mississippi, with a guarantee of title and posses-
sion forever, in exchange for the lands occupied
by them in Florida. They were unwilling to go
without an examination of the country, and I
had no authority to enter into a contract to pay
the expenses of a deputation; all which was
reported to the Government. In 1831 or 1832,
it was represented to this Government by the
Indians themselves, that they desired to form a
treaty with the United States, to exchange these
lands for others on the west of the Mississippi.
Colonel Gadsden was appointed the commis-
sioner, and, in a council of all the head chiefs
and warriors, fully represented, at Payne's Land-
ing, on the 9th of May, 1832, a conditional con-
vention was entered into.
In the preamble to this treaty it was recited
that—
'■ The Seminole Indians, regarding with just respect the
solicitude manifested by the President of the United States
for the improvement ot their condition, by recommending
a removal to a country more suitable to their habits and
wants than the one they at present occupy in the Territory
of Florida, are willing that their confidential chiefs should
be sent to examine the country assigned to the Creeks;
and should they be satisfied with the character of the
country, and the favorable disposition of the Creeks to
reunite with the Seminóles as one people, the articles of
compact and agreement shall be binding on the respective
parties "
By the first article of this treaty, which was
thus to be binding upon the performance of two
Conditions precedent, the Seminole Indians relin-
quish to the United States all claim to land they
occupy in Florida, and agree to emigrate, &c.
This same articles provides for an additional
extent of territory to be added to the Creek
country for the Seminóles.
The second article provide  that the United
States shall make compensation for all improve-
ments, and pay certain annuities.
The third article provides for goods to be de-
livered after their arrival. The fourth and fifth,
for blacksmiths and valuation of cattle.
By the sixth article, the United States are to
pay $7,000 for slaves and other property alleged
to have been stolen by the Indians.
The seventh article provides for their removal
Within three years, and that the expenses of the
removal should be paid by the United States, with
their subsistence for twelve months after their
arrival.
This treaty was signed by James Gadsden on
the part of the United States, and by fifteen chiefs
and headmen from this vagabond Seminole nation.
The confidential chiefs and agents, in pursuance
of the convention entered into, visited these lands
west of the Mississippi in the year 1833, and, in
a treaty then and there entered into at Fort Gib-
son, on the 28th of March, 1833, with three United
States commissioners, they express their satisfac-
tion with the country assigned them; and the
"favorable disposition of the Creeks" was-mani-
fested by a treaty solemnly entered into, by which
I they agree that the Seminóles should be reunited
With them.
The treaty of Payne's Landing was to take
effect upon the happening of two contingencies—
the expression of satisfaction of the confidential
chiefs,and the favorable disposition of the Creeksj
both of which were ascertained, reported, and
acted upon,and the treaty regularly presented by
the President of the United States for the advise-
ment and consent of the Senate, and due procla-
mation of the ratification made in April, 1834.
Now, sir, this is a faithful history of the rela-
tions and negotiations between this Government
and the Indians up to the period when this treaty
was ratified, proclaimed, and published, and be-
came the supreme law of the land; to execute
which this appropriation has been proposed and
