434
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. JNiles.
Senate.
Georgia. Whatever irritation may have been
produced by speculations in Creek lands, I am
satisfied that the true cause of this Creek war
arises from the circumstance of the great ex-
tremity to which the nation is reduced for the
want of provisions, and that it is a war waged
fir plunder, and to prevent starvation. Under
these circumstances, I am satisfied that both
sound policy and humanity require that this
appropriation should be made for their removal.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN M. NILES,
OF CONNECTICUT,
In the Senate, Maxj 13, 1836,
On the bill authorizing the purchase of sites and construc-
tion of fortifications.
Mr. NILES said it was not his intention to
have taken any part in the debate on this bill pre-
vious to the discussion of yesterday, and so little
attention had he given to the subject, that he was
scarcely aware of the fact that one of the forts
authorized to be constructed was to be in the
State he had the honor in part to represent.' That
fact, with some other considerations not neces-
sary to be disclosed, had induced him to present
his views on this subject.
The objection we had just heard from the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] that
the appropriations for the new forts were in a
separate bill, and that the entire appropriations
for fortifications ought tobe embraced in one bill,
and originate in the House of Representatives,
he thought had no force in it, for it appeared to
him more proper that the new fortifications should
be presented in a separate bill, and be the subject
of a distinct consideration. The bill in the House
is the ordinary appropriation bill for fortifica-
tions, and only provides for continuing the works
now under construction. It can involve no new
principle, and no question of general interest.
The ordinary annual appropriations will of course
be made, and he supposed the sums would be en-
larged this year, in consequence of the failure of
the fortification bill last session, and there having
been no appropriation for completing the fortifi-
cations last year.
The bill now before the Senate, providing for
the erection of new forts, presents a different
question, which ought not to be blended with
that of the annual ordinary appropriations for
fortifications.   This question is, whether Con-
fress will enlarge and extend the system of forti-
cations. As to the precise extent and compre-
hensiveness of the plan which it may be advisable
to adopt, or which the security of the country
requires, that is not now to be desired, except so
far as the present bill may involve that inquiry.
This bill authorized the erection of twelve new
forts, and appropriates $1,300,000 for the pur-
chase of the sites, and the construction of the
works, the present year. For one of these forts
there is an appropriation of only $12,000, and as
that is so small a work it may be thrown out of
the question, and the number of works reduced
to eleven. These are all at important points for
the security of towns and harbors, which will
afford safe shelters in time of war for our public
and private vessels. The entire expenditure for
these forts, he believed, would be something like
three millions. The general question of the de-
fense of our maritime frontier, and the extent and
comprehensiveness of a plan of fortifications is,
in many points of view, one which only scientific
and professional men can be supposed to be com-
petent to decide. Perhaps there are few, if any
members in this body, who will feel themselves
very competent to decide a question so intimately
connected with the art and science of war. We
must, to some extent, follow some other guide
than our own judgments; we must look to those
•whom we believe to be competent to direct our
legislation—to the engineer department, and to
the executive officers, acting under the high re-
sponsibilities of their stations.
But as to the objects to be attained by fortifi-
cations, and how far it is safe and wise to rely
-on them for the security of the country, these are
questions of which we may feel qualified to form
opinions and to act from our own judgments.
We are not now called upon to determine these
questions, unless it shall be thought that the
fortifications provided for in this bill will commit
the Government toa more extensive system than
it is advisable to adopt. Few, he apprehended,
would be of this opinion who are in favor of any
enlargement of the fortifications on the sea-board.
The main question presented by the present
bill, as he had already stated, was, whether there
should be any extension of the system of fortifi-
cations on the Atlantic border? and whether it
shall be commenced at the present time ?
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buch-
anan] has remarked that the only question was
one as to time; but this can only be correct by
regarding the preliminary question, whether we
shall enlarge the present system of fortifications
as conceded? which, I take it, is not the fact.
! The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ewing] seems to
suppose that this bill is a mere humbug, and
says it can have no other operation than to
transfer the money appropriated from one account
to another, because no part of it can be expended
the present year. But the gentleman is mistaken
in his conclusion, even if his premises were
admitted. Whether the money can or will be
actually expended the present year, is not very
important. The main question is, whether we
shall enlarge the system of fortifications ? and
whether we shall settle the question at this time?
If there is to be any extension of the plan of
fortifications, now is the time to do it. Now is
the time to settle the principle, and to decide upon
! the new works, so far, at least, as depends on
our legislation. If the principle is once estab-
lished by law that further defenses are to be pro-
vided for the security of the sea-board, it is of
little consequence whether the works which may
be authorized are constructed in one year or in
several years. The principle being settled, the
necessary appropriations must be made as there
is occasion for them.
It has been contended by the Senator from
| Missouri [Mr. Benton] that the plan of fortifi-
cations is antagonistical to the bill which has
now passed the Senate, for the distribution of the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands among
\ the States, and all other schemes of distribution.
I This, I apprehend, is correct, so far as the prin-
ciple of this measure is concerned, as it is incom-
patible with any scheme of distribution of the
1 public funds which shall withdraw them from
the control of this Government; for although it
may be true, as is contended, that very little can
! be expended on new works this year, yet, if the
I measure is sanctioned by law, and its execution
¡ will require an expenditure equal to the surplus
there may be in the Treasury, after providing for
j the ordinary and other objects of extraordinary
| expenditure, it ought to be regarded as a different
objection to any other disposition of the surplus.
If it is decided to extend the system of fortifi-
cations, we must view the measure in connection
with the present condition of the finances, and
what they will be likely to be for some years to
come.     The finances of the United States, for
several years at least, depend on laws and cir-
cumstances which Congress cannot control. The
swelling flood flowing into your Treasury the
past year and the first quarter of the present has
arisen from causes which cannot be permanent;
these causes are speculations in the public lands.'
Of the present sum in the Treasury, more than
twenty millions have been received from the sales
of the lands the last year and a quarter.    I am
aware that some gentlemen seem to suppose that
this source of revenue is inexhaustible, and is to
continue at the same rate for all time to come.
This is a great delusion. Should the present ra e
of speculation continue, in a few years the mo°st
valuable portions of the public lands will be in
the hands of speculators. This source of revenue,
instead of being inexhaustible, as the imagina-
tions of gentlemen represent it to be, is wasting
rapidly.    But, was the fact otherwise; was the
public domain as inexhaustible as the fountains
of the great deep, are the resources of the people
also without limit? Is it supposed that $30,000,000
a year can continue to be drawn from individuals
to be invested in uncultivated lands?   It is im-
possible. Gentlemen, in giving scope to their
vivid imaginations, seem to overlook this diffi-
culty. As well might it be supposed that an un-
natural excitement could be kept up in the human
system by successive and continued doses of
opium. In every department of business a re-
action must follow over-action. This is not only
a law in trade, but is a more general law in ail
human affairs. If this course of speculation in
public lands could continue, it would absorb the
entire capital of the country, and would paralyze
all its great interests. But it cannot continue, and
the sales must soon come back to the amount re-
quired for the progress of settlements; and, so
far as the Government is concerned, they will
soon fall below this sum, as the individual land-
holders who have purchased in speculation will
become competitors with the Government in sup-
plying the demand required for actual settlement.
This must already be the case to a considerable
extent, as large portions of the most valuable lands
are in the hands of capitalists, and are thrown into
market by them. It is but a few years ago that
the sales of the public lands were but from one
to two millions per aTinum; and they will soon be
reduced to the same amount. A spirit of mo-
nopoly appears to be the besetting sin of the day.
It has taken a strong hold on our population, and
its selfish influence is everywhere seen and fult;
it pervades every department of business and
every branch of industry. And instead of being
checked, it is encouraged by legislation, as it has
found its way into the legislative assemblies, and
exerts its pernicious influence there. In the
graspings of this spirit there is, perhaps, no worse
direction that can be given to it than in its mo-
nopolizing the public lands.
In regard to the revenues from customs, they
depend on law that Congress cannot, for some
years at least, control. By the operation of the
compromise act of 1833, the revenue from this
source is diminishing, and will fall down to its
minimum in 1842. At that period, it has been
estimated by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Wright,] that it will not exceed ten millions.
This estimate is based on the amount of importa-
tions of the last year, with an allowance for that
gradual augmentation, which the increase of pop-
ulation and consumption of the dutiable articles
may require. This estimate, I think, will be
found not to vary far from the truth, and this
sum, together with the revenue from the public
lands, which, at that period, can hardly be sup-
posed to exceed two or three millions, and may
fall short of that amount, will be several millions
less than the ordinary expenditures of the Gov-
ernment. The time is not far distant when,
instead of being troubled with a surplus, there
will be a deficit in the public revenue, which
will have to be supplied by increasing the taxes
in some form. The surplus the present year,
and a small one of a few millions the two follow-
ing years, must be regarded as the entire resources
of the Government, to be applied to any extraor-
dinary objects, either to complete the defenses
of the country, or of any other description. The
surplus the present year will not probably much
exceed fifteen millions, after meeting the usual
demands on the Treasury for Indian treaties, the
Florida war, and defense of the western frontier.
Whatever it may be advisable to do in extension
of the permanent defenses of the country, now is
the time todo it, or at least to settle the principle.
If it is not determined upon now, the present
resources of the Government will no doubt be
disposed of in some other way. Some of the
numerous schemes for the distribution of the
present surplus will be likely to prevail, unless
some measure shall receive the sanction of Con-
gress, which will be inconsistent with any plan
of withdrawing the present revenue from the
control of this Government.
Mr. N. said he desired not to be misunderstood;
he would not advocate the adoption of this bill,
or any plan of the extension of our fortifications,
merely because we now have an excess in the
Treasury; and for the purpose of disposing of
such surplus, he would not be influenced in any
degree whatever in dividing the question, whether
it is the duty of the Government to enlarge the
defensive means of the country, either as to forti-
fications or an increase of the Navy, in conse-
