1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Niles.
Senate.
queiice of the present condition of the Treasury.
That question should be decided upon its own
mints, and independent of all considerations of a
temporary natuu; and the piesent ability of the
Tieasurv having arisen from temporary ciuses,
cm be no argument in favor of any general and
pt rniaiitnt system of expenditure, not demanded
for the ¡.county o( the country. All that he would
contend was, that if the present fortifications
have been regardtd as only a part of a general
plan, for the protection of the sea-board, or if,
From the extension of our commerce, and the
growth of towns, further defensue means are
necessary to afford equal security to all parts of
the country, now is the time to commence the
additional woiks, which are to form a part of the
general system. On the mere question of time,
the stale of our finances now and their probable
condition a few years hence, are entitled to great
weight, if not wholly decisive of the point.
There are, however, other considerations, that
cannot be overlooked. The country has been
brought inio imminent danger of war with a
powerful nation, and the public sensibility has
l>een awakened to the exposed situation of our
commerce and our sea-board; whilst the danger
was supposed to exist, a general sentiment pre-
sided, of our total deficiency in preparations to
mett such a contingency. It is only occasions
of danger which arrest the mercenary spirit of
the age, and awaken attention to the securities
of the country from foreign aggression. The
history of all countries proves this, and none
more than our own. It lias only been in times
of danger that the national feeling has been suffi-
ciently aroused to give an impetus to measures
for the security of the country. The defenseless
condition of the seaports during the revolutionary
war, maybe regarded as the cause which induced
President Washington to urge on Congress the
importance of providing for their protection, and
of the early measures adopted by Congress
auth irizing the erection of fortifications. The
d.Ticultit.s with France during the administration
of Mr. Adams, :r*ve an additional impulse to
these measures of defense; and the evils which
the country suffered during the last war from the
defenseless condition of the sea-board, led to the
energetic measures, and the system of fortifica-
tions which were adopted immediately after the
peace.
That this system was in some respects unwise,
that many of the fortifications were on a scale
too large and expensive, and requiring too large
garrisons, seems now to be the opinion of the
Secretary of War; and the reasons given for this
opinion appear to be strong, if not conclusive.
But whether that was a proper time to commence
a system of fortifications, for the defense of the
coast, is altogether a distinct question from that,
whether the system adopted was a wise one, and
well adapted  to our situation.    Was it a wise
policy to have undertaken a plan of fortifying
the coast at that time '-    If this policy was justi-
fiable at that period, if the measures of the Gov-
ernment were   not  then  altogether  founded in
error, it must be a wise and correct policy at this
time toenterupon the completion of the necessary-
fortifications for the security of the sea-board.
What were the reasons for resuming the system
of fortifications in 1817'    We were then at peace
with all foreign powers, and had as little reason
to expect war as we have now!    The lessons of
experience, which the war then just terminated
had afforded of the dangers and evils of an exposed ,
and unprotected sea-board, led to the measures
then adopted.    We have now been exposed to a
war, and the public mind awakened to the con-
sequences which would have resulted from an I
unprotected maritime frontier.   Then the country
•was oppressed and struggled under the weight of
en enormous debt of $123,000,000; the interest
of which  alone amounted  to between   six and
seven millions.    The revenue for those two first
years, after the war, was large; but, as might have
been foreseen, rapidly fell off, and the Govern-
ment was obliged  to have recourse to loans to
meet the current expenditures, and pay the interest
of the public debt.    Yet so strong was the public
sentiment, as to the necessity and importance of
putting the country in a state of security that,
•with such a load pressing upon it, Congress made
large appropriations for a regular system of for-
tifications. In 1793 and 1796, when the system
was first commenced, the public debt was from
se\enty-five to eighty millions, and $4,000,000
of interest annually to be paid, when the popu-
lation and resources of the country were not one
fourth part what they are at this time. Now we
are out of debt, and have an overflowing Treasury,
and a large surplus, which we know not what use
to make of, which is already giving occasion to
numerous extravagant and dangerous projects for
disposing of it; and the danger of a rupture with
France, from which we ha\e just escaped, has
called public attention to the necessity of placing
the country in an adequate state of defense. If
there ever was a time peculiarly auspicious, and
when Congress was, by the highest consideia-
tions, called upon to commence a system for the
more perfect and complete defense of the entire
country, that time is the present. To suffer the
surplus we now have to be disposed of by any
of the schemes of distribution, and neglect the
defense of the country, would be an unwarrantable
dereliction of duty.
In regard to the extensiveness of the plan of
fortifications, the views of the Secretary of War,
contained in his late report, appear to be gener-
ally opposed, and the only diveisity of opinion
seems to be, what his views are. They appear to
me, however, to be sufficiently explicit, and I
cannot think that there are any grounds for a
difference of opinion concerning them, and I will
read a single paragraph from the report, which
contains a summary of the Secretary's plan:
'• I consider the duty of the Government to afford ade-
quate protection to the «ea coi-t a subject of paramount
obligation ; and I believe we are called upon by evervcon-
sideration of policy to push the necessary arrangements as
rapidly a  the circumstances of the country and the proper
execution of the work will allow. 1 think every town
large enough to tempt the cupidity of an enemy should be
defended by works, fixed or floating, suited to its local
position, and sufficiently extensive to resist such attempts
as would probably be made against it. There will, oC
course, after laying down such general rule, be much lati-
tude in its application Upon this branch of the subject, I
would give to the opinion of the engineer officers great and
almost controlling weight, after the proper limitations are
established. These relate principally to the magnitude of
the works; and if I am correct in the views [ have taken
of this branch of the subject, a change in the system pro-
posed is necessary. Works should not be projected upon
the presumption that they are to be exposed to, and must
be capable of resisting, the attacks of a European army,
with its battering train and all its preparation lor a regular
siege. Neither our relative circumstance, nor those of
anv nation with which we shall probably be brought into
conflict, can justily us in such an anticipation. All the
defenses should be projected on a scale proportioned to the
importance of the place, and should be calculated to resist
any naval attack, and any sudden assault that a body of
land troops might make upon them. But further than this,
it appears to me, we ought not to go. The result at Stoning-
ton,at Mobile Point, at Fort Jackson, and at Baltimore,
during the late war. show that formidable armaments may
be successfully resisted with apparently inferior means.
These, indeed, do not furnish examples to be followed as
to the scale of our preparations; but they show what sta-
tionary batteries have done in our country against ships of
war."
The system of the Secretary of War is simply
this: to rely on fortifications only for the defense
of towns or sea-ports, and not of the sea-coast;
he does not regard them as a means of security
to the whole maritime frontier, and excluding an
enemy from the country.    And at the points to
be  defended he does not deem large and strong
fortifications as being necessary; he only recom-
mends such work as may be sufficient to resist
a naval battery, and to withstand a sudden assault
by land; but not of such magnitude and strength
as to be capable of standing a siege of the invading
army with the usual battering train.     Except
for the defense of some of our Targe cities, small
and cheap works only are contemplated.    Such
are the forts provided for in the present bill. The
great error of the system adopted in 1817 was,
! that the fortifications were on a large and expen-
i sive scale.    Another error was, that they were
designed to defend roadsteads  and  exclude an
enemy from advantageous positions in our waters.
The plan of the Secretary is less comprehenrive
and more economical. All the forts in this bill will
probably cost but little more than Fortress Mon-
roe, which covers sixty-three acres of ground; and
its full armament would consist of four hundred
and twelve pieces of cannon, and, according to
the estimate of the engineer department, it would
require in time of war a garrison of two thousand
seven hundred men. The woiks atNewport cover
twenty-three acres of ground, and will mount
four hundred and sixty-eight guns, and requne
a garuson of two thousand four hundied men.
Nothing could have been moie unwise than works
upon a scale and magnitude like these. If forti-
fications on such a scale were to be erected at all
the exposed points on our sea-board, it would
require an army to garrison them in time of
peace. The Secietary of War, whose views are
concurred in by the President, manifestly disap-
proves altogether of this system of fortifications,
and recommended one having no other objects
than the defense of sea-ports and navy-yards, by
works comparatively small and unimportant.
I can go as far as the Secretary of War pro-
poses; but am no advocate for an extensive system
of fortifications, or large, expensive establish-
ments, which will foster a perpetual, burdensome
charge on the country. It is the true policy of
this country to keep down the expenses of the
Government, both in the civil and military de-
partments. A people cheaply governed, and
lightly taxed, can hardly fail to be prosperous.
Even necessary works for defense ought not to
be erected when they are to throw an unreason-
able burden on the country, and I do not think
that Mr. Jefferson acted unwisely in discontinuing
the fortifications, as at that time the public debt
was a heavy burden on the country, and had been
increasing since the establishment of the Govern-
ment; he acted wisely, therefore, to arrest this
accumulation of debt, even at the sacrifice of some
desirable interests, and to commence the great
work of its extinction.
In addition to the objections on the ground of
expense, to a large and comprehensive system
of fortifications, it does not appear to be conge-
nial with the spirit of our institutions, and in my
mind is associated, in no small degree, with the
idea of a standing army, or large military estab-
lishment. For the general defense and security
of the country we must rely mainly on the militia.
But for the defense of commercial towns and
harbors fortifications are necessary, and the pres-
ent bill goes no further. In reference to the bill
before the Senate, the Secretary says:
"It cannot be doubted but that fortifications at the fol-
lowing places, enumerated in this bill, will be necessary:
At Penobscot bay, for the protection of Bangor, &c.; at
Kennebec river; at Portland; at Portsmouth; at Salem ;
at New Bedford ; at New London ; upon Staten Island ;
at Sollers's Flato; a redoubt on Federal Point; for the
Barancas; for Fort St. Philip.
" These proposed works all command the approach to
places sufficiently important to justify their construction,
under any circumstances that will probably exist. I think,
therefore, that the public interest would be promoted by
the passage of the necessary appropriations for them. As
soon as these are made, such of the positions as may appear
to require it can be examined, and the form and eiten tot the
works adapted to the existing circumstances, if any change
be desirable. The construction of those not needing exam-
ination can commence immediately, and that of the others
as soon as the places are determined upon. Bv this pro-
ceeding, therefore, a season may be saved in the opera-
tions."
So far as the opinion of the Secretary is to be
regarded as a guide for our action, we have there
a specific recommendation to the extent of the
forts embraced in the bill before the Senate. The
objection which has been urged with so much
earnestness that there has been no survey of
some of the proposed forts, was not overlooked
by the Secretary in the specific recommendation
to which 1 have called the attention of the Senate.
' In those cases in which a further examination
i may be required, he contemplates that it will be
I done before the works are commenced. That
the survey and estimate should precede the appro-
priation, may be the more usual, and perhaps
correct course; yet, to save the delay of one
season, he proposes that the appropriations be
made at once for the twelve forts embraced in
this bill I do not think there is much weight in
this objection, as the main question for Congress
to decide is, whether the places are of sufficient
importance to render the fortifications necessary.
Mr President, in regard to the proposed forti-
fication in the State I have in part the honor to
represent, there cannot, I believe, be any doubt
of the position being one of importance, lnis
a!tliou°-ii classed among the new forts, is an old
site, where there is at present an ancient work
called Fort Trumbull, which defends the cities
