436
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Niles.
Sen
ate.
of New London and Norwich, places of consid-
erable population, and extensive commercial and
manufacturing interests. The plan of the engi-
neer department is to replace the present fort by
new works, more substantial and better adapted
to the purpose. This is, in many respects, an
important position, and of some celebrity in the
history of the country. On the opposite side of
the river is Fort Grenold, where occurred one of
the most bloody tragedies of the revolutionary
war; it having been stormed and taken by the
infamous Arnold after a gallant defense, and the
garrison, consisting of the patriotic inhabitants
of the town and vicinity, with their brave com-
mander, Colonel Ledgyard, were, most of them,
barbarously slaughtered. Had there been any
adequate fortifications at this important position,
the lives of these valuable men might have been
spared for the service of their country, and the
town of New London saved from the flames.
The harbor of New London is one of the safest
and best in the eastern section of the Union; it
is easy of access, with great depth of water, and
rarely obstructed by ice. It is a safe and con-
venient shelter for vessels navigating Long Island
Sound, or those bound out or home, that might
nave occasion to avoid a blockading squadron
lying off Sandy Hook. It is also an excellent
station for the navy, and during the last war an
American squadron was shut up there by Com-
modore Hardy, and protected by the small fort
which defends the harbor.
At the present time the commerce of New Lon-
don is important, and rapidly increasing; the
whale fishing is extensively prosecuted, and with
much enterprise. In Stonington and Mystic,
ports which are in the neighborhood, there are a
large number of vessels engaged in the whale
fishing; and Norwich has considerable commerce
and extensive manufacturing interests. In the
report of the Engineer Department it is said:
"New London harbor is very important to the defense
of Long I«lantl Sound; and, as a port of easy access, having
great depth of water, very rarely freezing, and being easily
defended, is an excellent station for the Navy. It is also
■valuable as a shelter for vessels bound out or home, and
desirous of avoiding a blockading squadron off Sandy Hqok.
Jn the plan of defense, the present Forts Trumbull and
Griswold give place to more efficient works, of which the
expense is estimated at $314,515."
The port at New London has probably as
strong claims as any other; yet 1 feel no particu-
lar solicitude concerning it, or any other fortifi-
cations for my own State, as the events of the
late war proved that the intrepidity of our citizens
is some security against attacks even without
fortifications. The inhabitants of Stonington,
with a single gun upon the beach, successfully
repelled and drove off the enemy's barges. And
as respects any advantages of local expenditures,
I do not regard them as deserving of any con-
sideration; the number of persons who may be
benefited by such expenditures is too small to
be of any general advantage to the contiguous
population. Neither the workmen nor materials
are necessarily to be procured on the spot, and a
small portion of the disbursements only may in
any way benefit our citizens.
Mr. President, I will now notice some of the
objections which have been urged against the bill
before the Senate. It is contended that $1,000,000
is all that can be expended the present year; and
that this ought to be applied in completing the
present forts. It is believed that a much larger
Bum may be advantageously and economically
expended the present year; but if it should not
be disbursed, the appropriation can do no harm.
As regards confining the action of the Govern-
ment to the old works, and neglecting the com-
mencement of others for the defense of points
equally exposed, and having equal claims on us
for protection, that would be very unjust, and a
very partial dispensation of the blessings of the
Government. The existing forts are, most of
them, already in a condition to afford protection
to the places they are intended to defend, whilst
many of the places designed to be protected by
the new forts are wholly defenseless. Protection,
like justice, should, as far as practicable, be ex-
tended to all, and with an equal hand.
Another objection which has been urged is,
that such large appropriations for public works
would derange the business of the country; that
it would withdraw from other pursuits so large
a number of persons as to occasion serious in-
convenience, if not actual embarrassment. The
price of labor is said now to be unusually high,
and it is contended that the price would be greatly
augmented by the demands of the Government
on the labor of the country should so large ap-
propriations be expended on fortifications; and
that it would be unwise to enlarge this branch
of the public service at a time when labor is at an
advanced price. Whatever force there may be
in these arguments, they come with an ill grace
from the advocates of a measure to which they
will apply with much more weight. How is it
that gentlemen propose to apply $36,000,000 the
current year to works of internal improvement,
and yet are alarmed at appropriating $3,000,000
to objects of defense? If there are any grounds
for apprehension that our legislation in the latter
case should make too large a drain upon the
industry of the country, would not the same ob-
jection apply with much more force to the distri-
bution schemes? If the expenditure of $3,000,000
on fortifications is to derange the productive in-
dustry of the country, what would be the effect
of the sudden application ofmore than thirty mil-
lions to works of internal improvement?
But the present demand for labor, and the high
prices consequent on that demand, can hardly be
expected to continue. This has been the result
of the over action in every kind of business the
past year; and that has already occasioned a
reaction and a pressure for money, which cannot
fail to check and restrain private enterprise, and
curtail the operations of every kind of business.
How long the pressure may continue, and to
what extent the reaction may go, no one can
determine; but it would by no means be- sur-
prising if these causes now in operation should
so diminish the demand for labor as to occasion
a surplus of this most useful commodity, and
occasion distress among the laboring classes, for
the want of employment. When the embarrass-
ments of business become such as to essentially
diminish the demand for labor, a reduction in the
price musttake place, and a portion of the working
class must be thrown out of employment, and of
course will be deprived of the means of subsist-
ence. Should this be the result of present causes,
of which there is some reason to fear, the usual
demand which the Government might afford for
labor would be extremely fortunate, by supplying
the deficiency which might be occasioned by the
curtailments in individual enterprise. It can be
no object for the Government to desire to cheapen
labor, or diminish the profits of industry. It is
the policy of a wise and just government to
increase, rather than to weaken, the stimulus to
industry; and whether we pay a few thousand
dollars more or less for that portion of labor
which the Government may have occasion to
employ, is of little consequence. So far as the
measures of the Government are to be influenced
at all by considerations of this kind, it should
rather be our object to keep the prices of labor
up to their maximum, than to reduce them to
their minimum standard.
Another very novel, and, as it appears to me,
strange argument, was urged by the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Southard.] It was that the
necessity for fortifications was not as great now
as when our sea-ports were small, and less able
to defend themselves. I had supposed that the
reverse was the case, and that the necessity of
fortifications was in proportion to the population,
commerce, and wealth of our cities, which might
stimulate the cupidity of an enemy.
Mr. SOUTHARD explained, and said he had
used no such language, and no argument of the
kind.
Mr. NILES said he did not profess to give the
gentleman's language, but thought he had stated
the substance of his argument correctly; it struck
him very forcibly at the time, as he thought it a
very extraordinary argument, and he noted it
down. But if the Senator saw fit to disclaim it,
he would not pursue his remarks upon it.
He would advert to another objection ufged
by the Senator from New Jersey; but as he found
it difficult to state the gentleman's argument in a
manner to satisfy him, he desired the gentleman
to say whether his remarks were correctly stated
in this instance. The observation of the Senator
to which he referred was this, that the develop-
ment of the powers of steam, and the improve-
ments in its application were such, that it miijht
soon change the system of defense, and fortifica-
tions be superseded by steam batteries.
Mr. SOUTHARD said that his remarks were
not stated exactly correct.
Mr. NILES said he only professed to give the
substance of the gentleman's argument, which
he thought rather an extraordinary one, and he
did not understand the Senator to deny that he
was so far correct. Are we to neglect to put the
country in a state of defense, and wait to see if
the progress of science and experiments may not
develop some better system ? if we had unfortu-
nately become involved in a war with Prance,
and any of our defenseless towns had been de-
stroyed, would they have been satisfied with this
reason for our neglecting to provide the means
of their defense? How will this argument hold
when applied to the common concerns of life?
What would be thought of the husbandman who
should neglect to cultivate the soil, from an ex-
pectation that a better system of cultivation
might, after a while, be discovered, which would
entirely supersede the present? Would not this
argument apply with much more propriety of
force to canals and railroads, which are compar-
atively of recent origin, particularly the latter?
Fortifications for the defense of towns are almost
as ancient, and their utility and necessity as well
established, as the common arts of life—as the
art of tilling the earth, by which we are supplied
with food, or those mechanical arts by which
some of its products are wrought into fabrics for
the clothing of man. In the progress of discovery
and improvement, the present plan of fortifica-
tions may be superseded, and so may all the arts
of life; but if we were to neglect to avail our-
selves of those now known and in use, from an
expectation that they might be superseded by
better systems, we should not be acting very
wisely, or hardly consistent with the instinct of
self-preservation.
Mr. President, whence comes the opposition
to this bill? I have witnessed it with some sur-
prise after what has occurred the present session.
How many times are we to fight our battles over ?
An English author gives the character of an old
veteran soldier, who in his latter days was em-
ployed in fighting over the battles of his youth;
but our battles have to be fought over again and
again, and then remain undecided. During the
early part of the session five or six weeks were
spent in debating a resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, which declared that the public
revenue ought to be applied to the defense of the
country. As the resolution was introduced, it
directed that the surplus revenue was to be thus
applied; but on motion, I think, of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,] the word
" surplus" was stricken out, and the Senate,
after a protracted and elaborate debate,decided by
a unanimous vote that the entire revenue should
be applied for the defense of the country. But
what did this resolution amount to? We seem
now to have, on the part of some gentlemen, a
practical construction of their votes. It seems
that in this deliberate decision, made after so
protracted a debate, that to appropriate the rev-
enue of the country to its defense meant nothing
more than that they were willing to vote the
ordinary annual appropriations for fortifications.
Did gentlemen mean this, and this only, at the
time ? or has anything since occurred which has
changed their views ? It is true at that time there
was some apprehension of a rupture with a pow-
erful nation; but it is not the less true that the
mover of that resolution repeatedly declared that
it was not offered in consequence of the impending
danger, and that if he had the bond of fate for
peace he should press its adoption with the same
earnestness. It was advocated as a settled policy,
and upon general considerations, and not as a
measure dictated by any immediate prospeet of
war. It is not for me to reconcile the votes of
Senators for that resolution with their determined
hostility to this bill, which appropriates less than
a million and a half for new fortifications; neither
will I charge them with inconsistency; 1 leave it
for the gentlemen themselves to reconcile their
