1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
v24th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of Western Frontier—Mr. Garland.
Ho. of Reps.
speeches and votes on that resolution, with their
speeches and votes on this bill. When another
sub, it was under discussion, the bill foi the
dü rijution of the pioceeds of the pub'ic lands,
it w is cl umed by the Senator from Missouu,
th'it it v. is a incisure in direct conflict with the
diffuse bills, which \ias denied by the Senators
to v. ion  I have uterred, who insisted that after
appropr itingail that could be possibly disbursed
foi puuwsis of defense, which they professed to
be u dim  to do, the surplus from the sale of the
public lands w ou'd remain to be distributed. Has
the passage of ill it bill chunged the sentiments
ol ¡reiulemen ' After the strong declarations to
the contrary, are they now alarmed that the sur-
plus mil be diminished' Is the secret of the
opposition to this measuie to be discovered in
the anprehension that it may interfere with the
distribution scheme' Sir, I fear we are already
gn'hering the first fruits of that dangerous and
mischievous measure, a scheme which conies in
d rect conflict with our entire legislation; and by
Arraying the interests of the States against those
of the Union, its corrupting influence tends to
embarrass all our deliberations, and to defeat the
m isist measures which the interest and safety of
the country may demand.
DEFEX3E OF WESTERX FRONTIEB.
SPEECH OF HON. RICE GARLAND,
OF LOUISIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 7, 1836,
On tbe bill m&kiug an appropriation far the Defease of the
Western Frontier.
Mr. GARLAND said:
Mr. Ch uauAv: It is always with great reluc-
tance I tiespiss upon the attention of this body,
and I never do so e\cepi on some subject partic-
u'arly connected with the interests of my con-
stituents, or the section of country from whence
I come. On general topics there are many here
better qualified to enlighten the puolic mind than
I am, and more disposed to join in the debates
that occupy so large a portion of the time of the
House.
When I came here this morning, I did not
in >w that it was the intention of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means to call up
tins oiil for consideration, but I am gratified he
has done so.    Whilst the bill was being read, I
consu'ted very briefly with one of my colleagues,
a mtm xt of the other branch of Congress, whether
it would not be well to propose a few questions
t > the chairman of the Committees of Ways and
Means and Foreign Relations, for the purpose of
ascertaining precisely the state of affairs on the
western frontier.    Tae few remarks that passed
between my colleague and myself satisfied me the
best course to pursue would be to vote for the
appropriation, eet it through the committee, and
avail myself of some other occasion to obtain the
information desired.    That course would have
ixf>n adhered to, but for some expressions used
in  t.ie  documents, the  course  the  debate  has
taken, and the mingling with  the  proposition
before us other topics, by tht gentlemen froraTen-
ji> ssee, South Carolina, and Kentucky, [Messrs.
Peyton-, Thompson, and Williams,] and my
colleague, [Mr. Ripley.]    I cannot permit the
remarks and statements of those gentlemen to go
to the people of this country, without making
others, to counteract what I conceive will be the
inevitable and pernicious tendency of opinions
and assertions emanating from such high sources.
Sir, I reside on that frontier, which it is our
object to defend in making this appropriation.
The district I represent includes the whole of it
that is within the limits of Louisiana, and partic-
ularly the portion now most exposed. The parish
in winch I reside is bounded on the west at least
one hundred miles by the Sabine river, and the
parish of Natchitoches is bounded a much greater
distance by the same stream and the province of
Texas.    If any inroads are to be made into the
State of Louisiana they will be into one or the
other of those parishes, and it is not improbable
first into the one in which I live. Situated thus, |
representing the people whose inteiests and safety
are most concerned, I feel the responsibility of
my station heie,and invoke the serious attention
ot the committee to the remarks I am about to
submit, anda deliberate constitution of them.
When we look to the state of things on the
western bolder of Louisiana, the civil war that is
raging in Texas, the movements of the bands of
armeá men that are pojung into that unhappy
country to join in the struggle; the rumois of
unfriendly feelings and conduct among the In-
dians, the probable employment of the lattei by
the Mexican Government against the Tetans,
and the consequences to us of all these measures
and movements, we ought to be satisfied of the
necessity of taking such precautions as will aflfect-
ually protect our citizens on the frontier and
preserve our neutrality. It is an obligation and
a duty to aflbrd such protection, and I cannot
suppose it will be withheld. The Executive, as
far back as the month of January last, took such
measures as were deemed necessary to protect
that frontier, and preserve our neutrality. Within
a short time past the whole delegation from Lou-
isiana, conceiving that the danger in that quaiter
had become more imminent, joined in a request
to the Piesident to take other measures for its
protection, and received as a reply that until other
means weie supplied by Congress nothing further
could be done. Since that time I have contiibuted
my humble support to every measure calculated
to increase our military force, and appropriate
the necessary funds for supportipg it.
But, sir, whilst I call upon the committee to
take the necessary measures for our protection,
and the pieservation of our neutrality, I warn
gentlemen, in their zeal to do so, not to go so far
in the expression of opinions, hastily formed,
and a commitment to principles not well consid-
ered, which, if carried into effect, will, in my
opinion, bring evils and dangers upon that sec-
tion of country of gieater magnitude than those
that now menace it, and insure the violation of
that neutrality which it is our purpose to main-
tain.    I protest against mingling the questions
of the struggle now going on in Texas, and of
the  boundary between   the  United   States  and
Mexico, with the question of what is necessary
to be done to proti ct our frontier and preserve
our neutrality; and the making of speeches about
both, upon assumptions of fact and rumors resting
only on newspaper authority, calculated to influ-
ence the public mind, lead  the  people of this
country to conclusions unwarranted b} the ex-
isting state of things, and calculated to do much
injury to the citizens on our western frontier.    I
object to the articles of newspaper editors being
used to influence the opinions of members of the
House of Representatives, and form the basis of
its deliberations, and particulaily to articles from
the paper read by the Clerk this morning, (the
New Yoik Courier and Enquirer,) which is con-
ducted by an individual who is, I understand,
deeply interested in Texas land speculations—a
paper that is considered as the organ of an asso-
ciation of land speculatois, called, as well as I
now recollect the name, the Texas Land Com-
pany, and in the columns of which I have seen
articles published in relation to Texas which, in
my opinion, evince an ignorance of what I believe
to be correct in relation to that country, or an
intention to mislead or impose upon fhe public.
It is the policy and interest of all those interested
in Texas lands to agitate and excite the minds
of the  people of the United States, until they
shall be induced to take a pait in this bloody
struggle, and insure  the  separation  of Texas
from the Mexican Confederacy.    Recitals and
historiesof cruelties and savage barbarities (many
of them doubtless true) will be published in every
quarter, for  the  purpose  of creating  a strong
feeling in the minds of a people easily excited and
aroused by such atrocities.    However much we
may feel, as individuals, upon such subjects, it
does not become us, as legislator, to act under
the influence of such emotions.
The grentleman fiom Tennessee [Mi. Peyton]
says it was with grief and astonishment that he
had heard some of the reraaiks of the gentleman
from Massachusetts in relation to the causes of
i the civil war that is now desolating Texas.  I am
as far from giving my approval to those remallo
as the honoiable member, but I as uie him that
whilst he was so eloquently depicting Texan
wiongsand VI ex ran outngesand bai ban lies, fol-
lowed up, as he wi's,by the gentleman fiom South
Carolina, [Mi. Tpompsov,] with an account of
what had been ' aid and done by the Mexican Min-
ister now residing heie, also by the gentleman
fiom Kentucky [Mr. Williams] and my honoi-
able colleague, [ vli. Riplcy,] all to the samo pui-
rose, I felt as much appiehension as to what will
be the tendency of those opinions and remaiks,
and their ultimate effects upon the peace and safety
of our fiontier settlements, as he did gnefand
astonishment at what was said by the gentleman
fiom Massachusetts. 1 wish nothing to be said
or done hero that will induce General Gaines to
believe that he will be sustained by Congiess or
the people of the United States in crossing our
southwestern boundary, and engaging in a war
with the Mexican Confederacy. If we are to
have a conflict with Mexico, I do not wish it to
be a war of aggression on our part. It is not my
wish that this countiy, under the influence of
those strong feelings of sympathy which the peo-
ple who inhabit it always feel towards those en-
gaged in a revolutionary contest, should become
engaged in a war, for the purpose of establishing
a form of government we have had no ageucy in
creating, or avenging the injuries and wrongs of
those we are in no way bound to piotect.
It is not my purpose to follow gentlempn in the
accounts they have given of the origin and causes
of the íevolution now going on in Texas. I will
not enter into any examination of the induce-
ments and promises held out by the Mexican
Government to emigrants, by her colonization
laws, or the protection offeied them by the Con-
stitution; I will make no enumeration of pledges
broken or laws violated on one side or the other;
I will say nothing in vindication or condemna-
tion of the savage barbarities said to have been
practiced, or the causes that may hare led to them;
I will not permit myself to express any opinion
at this time as to the course it may be eventually
necessary to puisuein relation to Texas. I shall
for the present be content with saying that those
who have gone to that province with a view of
improving then condition, or from other causes,
did not do so because of the oppressive character
of either our State or Federal Goveinments.
They have thought proper to renounce all alle-
giance, as they had a right to do, to the country
in which they were born, and which could and
would have affmded them protection and the
enjoyment of every constitutional puvilege, to
become citizens of another country, with the in-
habitants of which there existed no sympathy of
feeling or common ties of language and religion.
If they have been disappointed in then expecta-
tions, if their hopes of fortune and fame have
been blasted, if Mexican pledges and piomises
have been violated oi broken, they should re-
member that we never undertook to guaianty
either. Of the old established íesidents and citi-
zens of Texas, I have understood many were
opposed to these revolutionaiy movements; but
the effect of example, the foice of public opinion,
and the highly impolitic and indisci mímate couise
pursutd by Santa Anna have, in a great measuie,
united the whole population in defense of their
lives and property But, among many of those
in the United States who ai e endeavoring to excite
the people to take a part in this war, and of those
gone toTexasmthecouiseofafewmonthspast,
I believe the spirit of land speculation is as strong
as the love of constitutional liberty.
If the speeches of honorable gentlemen are cal-
culated to excite regret and apprehension as to
their effects, the introduction into the conespond-
ence between the Secretary of War and General
Gaines of the boundary between theUnitcd States
•and Mexico,and the claim asserted by the former,
that the post of " old Foit Nacogdoches is itil'nn
the limits of the United States, as claimed by this Gov-
ernment," also the tacit permission to the General
to cross what is termed by both the tiii/giiiaii/
boundaiy between the two countnes, is, in my
opinion,calculatedtoincieasetheembaira,sments
in whiih this Texan question is likely to be ín-
I volved. But my colleague has gone fuithcr than
I, either the Secretaiy or the General. He not only
