440
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 11,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Jean Bastiste Janis—Mr. Reynolds.
Ho. of Reps.
Texas, it will be time enough to consider it when
the question shall be presented. In the mean
time, do not let us do anything to compromit
ourselves, or so involve the country that we can-
not freely and dispassionately consider what
course it may be most judicious to pursue. We
must not, under the influence of indignant feel-
ings, excited by the accounts we have received
of Mexican treachery and barbarity, or of strong
apprehensions, adopt any measure ourselves, or
prompt the adoption of a course of conduct by
our military commander on that frontier, which
will endanger the peace and safety of the inhab-
itants.
JEAN BAPTISTE JANIS.
REMARKS OF HON. JOHN REYNOLDS,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
June 11, 1836,
On the bill granting a pension to Jean Baptiste Janis.
The chairman of the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions (Mr. Wardwell, of New York)
moved to strike out the enacting clause. In
opposition to this movement, and in support of
the bill-
Mr. REYNOLDS said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not intend, at this late
period of the session, and at this time oil Satur-
day evening, to trouble the House with a long
speech. I would be pleased if the Clerk will
read the commission which Colonel Clark gave
to the claimant appointing him an ensign in a
company commanded by Captain Francais
Charleville, which commission is now in posses-
sion of the House. I would be also well pleased
if the Clerk would read the report or statement
of the claimant.
[These documents were not read, as their
existence and validity were not doubted.]
Mr. R. further said, that it was a matter of
history, recorded and known to the country,
that Colonel George Rogers Clark, in the year
1778, marched a regiment to the Illinois country,
and on that consideration his corps was called
" the Illinois regiment;" that on the 4th July, at
night, 1778, he entered the town of Kaskaskia
with his troops, and captured that place. At
the same time there were other settlements and
towns in the possession of the enemy near and in
the same region of country, which at that time
was called " the Illinois country."
After taking possession of another village—
Copokia—which is situated as Kaskaskia is, near
the Mississippi river, Colonel Clark made prepa-
ration to capture also from the enemy the military
post Vincennes. This expedition was performed
in the year 1779. This became necessary, or the
conquests already made would not secure the
citizens of Kentucky and elsewhere from the in-
roads made into their country by the Indians,
who were inflamed against the Americans by the
English. Vincennes was a post which was de-
fended by the British soldiers to the amount Mr.
R. could not then recollect; but it was a fort of
some strength, and in which, as well as I recol-
lect, Governor Hamilton commanded. In order
to be able to succeed in the capture of this post,
and thereby to ensure peace and quiet to the citi-,
zens, Colonel Clark was compelled to enlist into
the regiment under his command two companies
more. One company was commanded by Cap-
tain Charleville, whom I mentioned before, and
another commanded by Captain McCarty; one
raised in Kaskaskia, and the other in Copokia,
and both organized and composed a part of the
" Illinois regiment," under the command of Col-
onel Clark.
. The claimant of this pension, Jean B. Janis,
was, as I before stated, appointed an ensign in
the company commanded by Captain Charleville.
These are all historic facts, which are on this
occasion not questioned or doubted, and in fact
are admitted. It is also a fact that Colonel Clark
commenced this campaign from Kaskaskia to
Vincennes in the winter or spring of the year
1778, at a time that it was extremely difficult and
almost impossible, from the inclemency of the
weather and the high stage of the water between
those two points, to march his army from one
post to the other. The distance is one hundred
and sixty or seventy miles. The country at the
time the march was performed was greatly inun-
dated with water, and the rivers, the Wabash and
others, were so high that the waters were from
bluff to bluff in them, and in some instances two
or three miles wide. The snow and the ice had
not entirely left the ground, and add to this, that
there were no baggage-wagons, and, in fact, not
much food, to attend the army. Yet with all
these privations, hardships, and difficulties, these
brave soldiers, under the command not only of a
brave, but also a talented man, accomplished their
march to Vincennes, and took that post from the
enemy without the loss of a man.
In this campaign the claimant, Mr. Janis, per-
formed service as an ensign in the company
commanded by Captain Charleville. He went,
and, like others, acted well his part in that cam-
paign. There is not on record the history of a
campaign that exhibited more talents in the plan,
and required more intrepidity and courage in the
execution, than the campaign planned and exe-
cuted by Colonel Clark in the capture of the
British posts on the Mississippi and in the Illi-
nois country.
At that day there were very few people settled
west of the mountains, and these few were in-
fested and eternally annoyed by the Indians,
excited to murder and bloodshed by the British
enemy. It became necessary, therefore, in order
to secure the peace and quiet of these settlements,
to capture these British posts, by which the
Indians were supplied with the munitions of war,
and to remove back the Indians and the means
of their support to such distance as they would
not be able to disturb the white people. This
was accomplished. More was accomplished also;
the country was taken and retained from the
i enemy, which now composes the best and the
S fairest portion of the Union.
! In the treaty of 1783 with Great Britain, the
capture and occupation of this country by the
American arms is adverted to, and no doubt was
taken into consideration at the time of making
the treaty. This is the country that was captured
from the enemy by the energy and bravery of
Janis and others, that now pours into the Treas-
ury of the United States so much money from
the sales of the public lands. There are millions
received from the sales of the very same lands,
which the " Illinois regiment," in which Janis
acted as an officer, took from the enemy at a time
that "tried men's souls." Yet the honorable
chairman says, if a pension be given to Mr. Janis,
it will form an exception, and violate the general
rule and law on this subject. Be it so. I should
consider it an honor to violate a rule that would
deprive a man of a pension made under circum-
stances such as these.
The gentleman [Mr. Wardwell] seems to rep-
resent this case as a person with gold weights,
weighingout money by the cent to a revolutionary
soldier who performed so brave and noble a part
in that struggle as did Mr. Janis. I will call to
the recollection of the gentleman the privations
and hardships on the march to capture Vincennes.
Did Janis, when he was wadingin the snow, ice,
and water, to his neck, think of weighing out his
energies and bravery with gold weights? Did he,
at that time, think he was violating any rule,
(and " his case wouldformanexception,") when
he was fighting before the post of Vincennes ?
Nice conscientious scruples, and goli weights,
were at that time not considered by Janis, and
now should not be by us. A liberal and honorable
acknowledgment of such service, which was
glorious and beneficial to the whole Union.ought
now to be made to him by us. We are now
reaping the fruits of his and their labor; and I
am, as one individual, in legislation or otherwise,
proud to acknowledge it. We are now at our
ease, happy in every respect, reclining in the
shade of " the vine" and " fig tree," which was
spoken into existence by the energies and talents
of the revolutionary soldier. We are their happy
children, and I hope we will have the gratitude
to sustain, in reclining life, the few of our revo-
lutionary fathers that remain among us.   They I
cannot live among us only for a few years. The
gentleman for whose benefit this bill is brought
before Congress is far advanced in years, and
cannot, by the course of nature, live long. I am
informed he is about eighty years old. This bill,
which only provides ten dollars per month during
his natural life, will not beggar the Treasury,
and will be an honorable acknowledgment of his
revolutionary services. It will be a proud boon
to his numerous and respectable descendants.
The gentleman says the case of Janis, if it be-
comes a law, will violate the existing law on the
subject of revolutionary pensions. This is true,
I presume. If the claim of Janis was embraced
in the principles of the law now in existence, there
would be no necessity for another act for his
benefit. This claim would be allowed and paid
under the provisions of the present law. The
reason the law does not embrace his case, is
the foundation of the present application to Con-
gress.
The gentleman further says that, from all the
information he can obtain, Mr. Janis served only
thirty-six days; and as the law requires a service
in all of six months in the revolution to entitle a
soldier to a pension, that, on that consideration,
he is not entitled toa pension.
Even to go with the gentleman into this rigid
, and strict rule, requiring proof of six months' ser-
[ vice, it can be fairly presumed, that in the absence
of evidence, Mr. Janis was six months in service.
The gentleman would not require six months of
continued fighting in a serugs* battle, nor would
he require six months wading in snow, ice, and
water, to entitle the soldier to a pension. The
service which was so honorably performed by
Colonel Clark in capturing these posts would re-
quire six months more for its execution, and the
fair presumption is, that Mr. Janis was employed
in the service underColonel Clark for six months
or more during his conquest of the Illinois coun-
try.
The evidence spoken of by the gentleman can-
not be correct. It would require more than thirty -
| six days for the army to march at that season
of the year, from Kaskaskia to Vincennes and
I return. There were no bridges or ferries at the
time, and the route was almost impassable from
the snow, ice, and high waters in the rivers and
other streams. In this calculation there would
bo no time left for preparation and organization
for the campaign at Kaskaskia before they started,
and no time left for the capture of the post, (Vin-
cennes,) and for its occupation by the American
forces. Every reasonable man will know it will
require more than thirty-six days for the per-
formance of this expedition.
I do not want for Janis anything that is not
right and proper—he himself would not receive
from Government or any individual anything that
was not strictly honorable and correct. He is a
gentleman whose character for honesty and integ-
rity stands above suspicion. I read a printed
statement of his services, which lies on the Clerk's
table, and I know not now if it were his own
statements or a report of a committee—I would
believe one as much as the other; 1 will vouch
for his statements to be correct. I have known
him and his character from my youth, and I
i know it to be good; and on this occasion I con-
sider it my duty to state it, although he is not
i my constituent, but a resident of the State of Mis-
souri.
1     It may be, Mr. Speaker, from the fact that I
• have been raised in the country where this ser-
, vice was performed, and on that consideration
j have heard so much about it, of its perils and
hardships, that I have become so well convinced
of the justice of the claim of Mr. Janis,   It seem3
to me to be a claim of such propriety and justice
¡ that the House cannot hesitate to allow it.    The
gentleman need not fear that this case will open
a door for similar cases.    There are none in our
country, as I know, similar to that of Mr. Janis;
but if there were, it would be just and proper to
allow them.  I hope the House fully comprehend
the merits and justice of this case, and knowing
it, will allow it.
[     [The bill was passed to a third reading.]
* A battle in which all on both sides are killed.
