1936.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
•21th Cove... 1st Skss.
Militar;/ Peace Establishment—Increase—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
dead, food for beasts and vulture*, which now
d ¡.n^ure the soil of \lalwma, Flondi, and Geor-
s; i, and leminJed if they were willing to see I
th< ■ •* lionoi* npett d and muUipled upon the
'•> mli ■« of Louisuna, Arkansas, Missouri, the
Din Monit" , Wisconsin, and Michigan5
M R siid i here had been three different
p,ru>d-!, undt r republican administrations, when
tie nn'inry peice establishment of the United
S ati« hid been fired bv hw, and on each occa-
s in had been fi\td at a larger number, the reh-
t vo londi'ion of the country considered, than the
pn «t nt bit! ptoposed The first of those periods
\v 's in the j ear H00, the first of Mr. Jefferson's
a Iministr iti im, and when the larger part of the
t mpriwilinMr. Vdams's time was disbanded.
M' \il\ms left a military peace establishment
of fi\ ■ thousand four hundred and thirty-eight
men and otfkers. Mr Jefferson reduced it to
three thousind three hundred and twenty-three.
Th's in< dine in the yi ar lt?02; and this estab-
lishment of Mr Jefferson was greater, in pro-
portion to the state of the country, than twlve
thousmd would be now. Louisiana and Flonda
\xeie not then acquired; our territorial limit has
doubled since th u lime, our population is trebled;
our reienues quadrupled. The frontier line of
posts actually occupied by our troops then was
in Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky, and Ohio; it
is now in the Gulf of Mexico at Key West, at
Pensacola, Mobile, New Orleans, the Sabine,
Natchitoches, Red River, the Arkansas, the Kan-
sis, D>-s Moines, Piairie du Chien, the Falls of
St Anthony, Lake Winnebago, and the outlet
of Lake Superior; with occasional expeditions
to the foot of the Rockv Mountains, and to the
confines of Mexico Thus, allowing for the
increase of territory, for the extension of the line
o-eupied, and for' the increase of wealth and
pnpuhvion.and an establishment of twelve thou-
sand men now \\ ould be less in proportion than
the reduced establishment of Mr Jefferson was
n laftt
The next period of comparison to which Mr.
B referred was that of the year 1^3—the last
yearof Mr. Jetferson's administration—when the
military establishment, under a slijht stimulus
from " vprcks of irar on the horizon," no way
comparable to the black c'ouds which now han?
over the South, was augmented to an aggregate
of nine thousand nine hundred and ninety-six.
Thus Mr. Jefferson left a military establishment
about tour thousand stronger than the one which
now exists, and within two thousand of being as
strong as the one now proposed. The establish-
ment which he left when he went out of office
was four men less than ten thousand, and we
have but six thousand to-day. An augmentation
of the Army, at this time, upon the basis of that
which he left twenty-eight years ago, would give
a force of twenty-four thousand men
The third penod of comparison to which Mr.
B. referred Uas that of 1815, at the conclusion
of the war with Grtat Britain,and when the war
establishment was leduced and adapted to the
state of universal pea-e which then prevailed. A
peace establishment of twenty thousand men was
then the policy of Mr Madison's administra-
tion; fifteen thousand was voted by the Senate;
ten thousand rank and file was finally agreed upon
in conference between the two Houses of Con-
gress, with additions in ordnance, engineers,
officers, &.C., which presented air aggregate of
twelve thousand six hundred and fifty-six. This
was twenty-one years ago, and before the acqui-
sition of Florida; and a relative increase upon that
basis at the present time would give an establish-
ment of about twenty thousand men. But the
bill now before the Senate does not propose to
take the establishment of 1815 for a basis to be
built upon, but as a limit to be governed by. It
proposes, in fact, the same numerical strength
which was then retained, and dispenses with part
of the general «taff, and with some parts of the
organization
Mr. B said that the establishment of 1815 was
confirmed in 1818; for, at that time, a proposition
was made in Congress to reduce the Army, but
failed under the cogent reasons which were given
for keeping it up to that number. A call was
made from the House of Representatives, in April
of that year, upon the Secretary of War, to report
to the ne\t session of Congress upon the military
tstablishment, and whetlu r " amimfiicfion could
be made xcitlfrntetii to the public semce ?" The then
Secietaiy, Mr. Calhoun, reported on the 11th of
December following; and that íeport, which was
against reduction then, furnishes such strong
reasons for augmentation now, that I must be
piimitted to a\ail myself of a portion of its
íeasoning.    The Secietary says:
' Our militan e-.tal>ti«hineiit is limited by the act of 1815,
passed u the u ruiin ition ot the I ite war, at ti u thousand
it < n The i orps ot ^ nsmeers ind ordnani c, bv tin! and a
subsequent act, weio rttuned as they then existed; and
the Piesident was directed lo constitute the establishment
ot -mli portions ut artillery, inUntrj, and riflenun, as lie
might jiiilm proper The gi ni ral orders ot the 17th ot May ,
1MÍ. to hx the nrtilli rv at three thousand two hundred;
the hunt artillery at six hundn d and sixty; the infantry
live thousand tour hundred and lort> , and the ride at six
liiiudrt d and siviv. Doi uiiii lit A t\hibiis a statement of
the inilmn t-st ihlislimeut, inoluil ng thi gi ni ral still, as
at present organized, ind H exhibits a similar view ol those
ot 180-2 and 1808 b> n reterence to which it will appear
that our military i stahlishmenis at the respective periods,
tiken in the order ol tin ir d He", present an aggregate of
three thmtsmd three huiidrtd and twenu three, ot nine
thousand tune hundred and innetv six, and ot twelve thou
sind six hundrtd and filly six. It is obvious that the estab-
lishment ol 1811s, compired with the tin n wialth and pop-
ill ition of the country, the number and extent of miht uy
post*, is larger in proportion than the present; but the
unsettled state of our relations with France and England
at that penod, renders the comparison not entirely ju&t.
Passing, then, that of 1808, let us compare the establishment
ol 1802 with the present To form a correct comparison, it
will be neeessarj to compare the capacity and necessities
of the country then with the present time. Since that
period our population has nearlv doubted, and our wealth
more than doubled We have added Louisiana to our pos-
sessions, and with it a great extent ot frontier, both mari-
time and inlmd With the extension ot our frontier, and
the increase ot our commercial cities, our military posts
and fortifications have greatly multiplied " * * *
'• If, then, the military establishment of 1802 be assumed
to be as small as was then consistent with the satetv of
the country, our present establishment, when we take into
the comparison the prodigious increase of wealth, popula-
tion, extent ol territory, number and distance of military
posts, cannot be pronounced extravagant; but, on the con-
trary . after a fair and full comparison, that of the fornu r
period must, in proportion to the necessities and capacities
of the country, be admitted to be quite as large as the
present, and on the assumption that the establishment of
18112 was as small as the public safety" would then admit, a
redncion of the expense ot our present establishment can-
not be made with safety to the service by reducing the
Army."
Resuming his remarks, Mr. B. said it would
be remembered by the Senate that this report from
which he had read was made in the year 1818;
that it referred to the peace establishment of 1815;
that this establishment presented an aggregate of
twelve thousand six hundred and fifty-six; and
that it was now proposed by the bill before the
Senate to raise the future peace establishment to
twelve thousand, in other words, it was proposed
to reestablish in W36 the peace establishment of
1815; that is to say, of twenty-one years prior
date. In these twenty-one years the population
and wealth of the country had nearly doubled;
Florida had been acquired, the military posts and
fortifications had íncreasid, and in the Gulf of
Mexico had been extended; the Indians had been
accumulated upon the weakest frontier of the
Union; and every reason for a military peace
establishment was greater now than it was then.
He (Mr. B ) claimed, then, and appropriated to
the present occasion, every word of the report of
1818, in favor of augmenting the Army now,
which was used against reducing it then; and he
claimed for every one of these words double as
much force now as it had then, the wealth and
population of the country being so much greater.
They would justify an establishment of twenty
thousand men at this time. The effect of this
report upon the Congress was the next point
which Mr. B. would bring to the notice of the
Senate, and he did so with pride and satisfaction.
The effect was decisive upon thatbody. Itstopped
the movement to reduce the Army! It left the
establishment of 1815 as it was! It left the estab-
lishment of twelve thousand six hundred and
fifty-six troops, with their two major generals,
four brigadiers, and the whole general staff, pre-
cisely as it was' The whole scheme of reduc-
ing the Army failed at that time; and this, let it
be well remembered, was before the acquisition
of Florida; that acquisition which has given us
the double line of coast of that peninsula to guard,
with the important stations of KeyWest, Tampa
Bay, St. Marks, and Pensacola.   This important
territorial acquisition, and where an obstinate war
is now wagi^d, would justify the increase of a
thousand men upon the establishment of 1815,
without taking into view the increase of wealth
and population. Mr. B wished it to be paiticu-
larly noted that, while the bill before the Senate
only proposed to revive the military peace estab-
lishment of 1815, yet there were three distinct
reasons why a larger establishment than that
might now be asked for; namely—
1 The acquisition of Flonda, which took place
in 1819.
2.   The accumulation of Indians on the western
frontier.
3.  The increased wealth and population of the
country.
These reasons all applied in favor of a perma-
nent peace establishment, while the wars with
the Creeks and Seminóles required additional
regular troops. General Scott had earnestly
applied for them, had earnestly called for filling
up the ranks eaily, so as to have the recruits
trained for service by the commencement of the
winter campaign in Florida.
Mr. B. said, that besides the augmentation of
the Army, a diversity of arms was proposed, by
reviving a light infantry and a rifle regiment.
The open order and quick evolutions of the light
infantry made that species of force peculiarly
proper on the frontier, and against Indians; and
as for the rifle, it was the national weapon whose
fame was identified with the American name in
all its wars, civilized and savage, from the first
settlement of the country down to the most glo-
rious battle of the Saji Jacinto. That weapon
should be pieserved and cherished in the Ameri-
can Army.
But it will be said the Army was actually
reduced; that it was reduced to six thousand men.
This was true; but it was not reduced in 1818,
nor at any period that the Treasury was in the
condition that it was at the time of that report,
or at the present time. It was reduced in 1821,
when the public Treasury, from a dream of inex-
haustible surplus, was suddenly awakened to the
reality of a deficit' and when every branch of
the public expenditure on which curtailment
could be made to fall, was brought to the test of
retrenchment, and placed under the edge of the
pruning knife. The Army, of course, was a
subject for the operation, and underwent the
largest amputation; the Navy, the fortifications,
and other branches, were also largely cut down.
Mr. B. said that he here touched a point in
our history which was pregnant with instruction
and very fit for reflection and meditation, now
when we had reached another point of similar
chaiacter, and to be followed by similar conse-
quences. History was said to be philosophy,
teaching by example. If it was so, philosophy
must have lost her capacity to teach—at least to
teach the Congress of 1836—if the lesson of 1817,
1818, 1819, 1820, and 1821, can be lost upon us.
Our financial condition was, in the beginning of
that period, what it now is—a full and overflow-
ing Tieasury it was, at the end of that period,
what it will probably be in two or three years
again, drained to the bottom, and entirely empty!
Thus, in June, 1817, we had in the Bank of the
United States, besides many millions in the name
of public officers, the sum of $15,935,050 standing
to the credit of the Treasurer of the United States;
in June of the next year that sum was reduced
to «6,686,387; in June, 1819, it was reduced to
$1,500,035; in June, 1820, it was $946,115; in
December of that year it was $388,210; and in
the first quarter of 1821 the public money in the
bank was exhausted, and the sum of $1,044,539
was overdrawn! In less than four years, the
vision of an inexhaustible surplus had ended in
theiealityof a deficit of a million1 and this with-
out having had recourse to ariy schemes of dis-
tnbution, by gift or loans, to get rid of it, and
in defiance of retrenchment, curtailment, and
economy, exerted to the uttermost in 1819,1820,
and 1821, to prevent a recurrence to taxes or
loans. The Navy appropriation for the gradual
increase was cut down from a million to a half
million; fortifications were reduced from about
eight hundred thousand dollars per annum to
about three hundred thousand dollars-, and in
I 1821 the Army was reduced to six thousand men.
