1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
•24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Laboring Classes—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Reps.
there is any such party in tins country; and they
«i ! tell vim no, if thev tell you what they think
n'ld 'i-'Ueve. Sir, those who circu'ate such slan-
ders do so eitlier ignoiantly or maliciously; and
the greatt-r part bee.iuse they are slanders. The
peo'i'c, the Lv>ori''i classes, are neiihei so unwise
nor s i unreasonable as to cither expect or desire
n jierlVe-. equality ^t' wealth. They know and
feel i hat it would not only be unjust, but that it
is iinpiaotica'ile. So long as some are more
industrtm*, more prowdent, and more frugal
than others, an inequality of wealth musí, and
ought to exist. The people, the democracy, con-
teid tor no measure that does not hold out to
individual entei prise proper motives for exertion.
A!' t'iev ask is, that the great principle upon
which On  Government is founded, the principle
of equal rights, should be faithfully observed,
and carried out to the exclusion of all exclusive
pnriieges. This they do ask, and no more; they
wi'I be satisfied with no less.
Sir, can it be seriously and honestly believed
by any man in the possession of his wits, that
the principles of democracy or of equal lights,
endanger the rights of property; or that the in-
terest and safety of the State will be plotted against
by three fourths of the people composing the
Stater The notion is too absurd and ridiculous
to be entertained for a moment. There is no
danger, sir, that three fourths of the people will
turn political suicides at this time of day. No
one believes that the rights of property and the
ins'itutions of the country are in danger from the
influence of democratic principles, or from the
political ascendency of the people. No, sir, these
insinuations against the virtue and intelligence of
the people are made for sinister purposes, and are
the offspring of political depravity; and, as I have
before intimated, are the sure and unerring indi-
cations of a vigorous attack upon popular liberty.
Again, 1 repeat, let the people look to it.
Public violence and disorders generally, if not
universally, have theirorigin in aviolation of the
principles of equality and justice; and when these
principles are outraged, it is generally by the Jew
and nut by the many, it being the manifest inter-
est of the majority to preserve them pure and
unimpaired. All the horrors, enormities, and
abominations, consequent upon the French revo-
lution, be it remenibered, had their origin in the
oppressions practiced by the aristocratic few.
In Europe the aristocracy are the conservative
party. The English House of Lords was origin-
ally composed of men who had associated for
the purpose of protecting the property which they
had plundered from the people. The property
thus unjustly obtained, and the onerous laws
designed for its protection, have been the means
by which the people of that country have been so
long and so sorely oppressed. It is the conscious-
ness of the injustice which has been done the
people, that causes the aristocracy of Europe so
much dread of sedition and revolution, and so
much apprehension about the security of prop-
erty. In a Government where the people are
well informed, property can never be respected
where it has been obtained in violation of just and
equal rights, and used as an instrument of oppres-
sion. But, on the other hand, no danger need to
be apprehended for the security of property where
the people are enlightened,and where it has been
obtained by fair and honest means. The right
of property in free and intelligent communities,
is safe in proportion to the number it has to pro-
tect it. Hence in this country, where the people
are the conservative party, there can be no danger
of a violation of this right. It has a protector in
every friend of equality and justice. The people,
the true source of all political power, are its de-
fenders; it is their interest to be so. If, then,
there be a set of men among us who would vio-
late the rights of property, they cannot belong to
the real democracy of the country; they can form
no portion of, can have no alliance with, the friends
of equal rights. No, they must be sought else-
where. They must be sought among the friends
of exclusive privileges, of monopolies and of aris-
tocracy; but not in the ranks of the democracy.
Again, our system of government being based
on the principle of equal rights,claims the friends
of equal rights as Us supporters. They are in
fact the party whose interest and welfare are
identified with the preservation of the Union, and
with  the  stability mid  integrity of the Govern-
ment.    They are  the eonsorativc party.    Who,
then, are the maleoiitents,if any there be ? Which
is the party of sedition, if such there be?    Not
the people, not the  democracy.     No;   but  the
opponents of democracy, the enemies of equal
rights, the champions of exclusive privileges and
of monopolies; they are the aristocracy.    What
can be more unjust and preposterous, then, than
the insinuation of the aristocracy, that there is
danger of their being despoiled of their property
by the  people, the  democracy?    But what  say
facts?    Why, sir, they tell us, what everybody
knows to be true, that where there is one instance
where the lights of property have been violated
by the people, or popular institutions, there are
five thousand instances where the people have
been plundered and besrgared by the heartless
cupidity of the privilege 3 few.  Sir, there is much
greater danger that capital will unjustly appro-
priate to itself the avails of tabor, than that labor
will unlawfully seize on capital.    I defy gentle-
men  to point to a solitary instance where  the
people possessing legislative powers have prosti-
tuted those powers to the purpose of plunder.
Out, on the  other hand, where  political  power
has been concentrated in the hands of the few,
you will find that the lights of the multitude,
whether pecuniary, natural, or political, have
been violated, disregarded, and trampled in the
dust.    And, for the proof, I appeal to the page
of history.    History, sir, will bear me out in the
declaration, that the aristocracy, of whatever age
or country, have, at all times and under all cir-
cumstances, invariably and eternally robbed the
people, sacrificed their rights, and warred against
liberty, virtue, and humanity.    I am aware that
it is quite fashionable to impute the domestic
feuds and Civil dissensions which have convulsed
nations to the inconstancy and profligacy of the
people.    The imputation is both false and inso-
lent.   In despotic and arbitrary Governments the
agitation of the people is but the resti*'eness of a
sick man, who incessantly changes his position,
because none of them which he assumes  will
afford him relief   The people generally complain,
but at the last extremity; for their regard and
reverence for the law acts ever as a restraint upon
their just complaints while they have a hope of
redress.   They more readily forgive than avenge
their wrongs, and are never fickle nor seditious
when in the enjoyment of their equal and natural
sum of happiness.   The true causes of sedition
and tumult are too well known to be mistaken.
The oppressions of the aristocracy; the insolence
of caste; the power of concentrated wealth; the
blight of avarice, such are the causes which ever
tend to destroy the equipoise of a State, and sow
dissensions amongst its members.   Run over the
history of nations, and point out a single  one
which, becoming lich as Carthage, for instance,
maintained, like Sparta and Rome in their days
of glory, the talents and virtues which are the
groundwork of republican  security.    Name  a
single State, a single kingdom, where the concen-
tration of power and wealth did not generate a
spirit of tyranny. Where has concentrated wealth
failed to breathe division, injustice, and the con-
sequent contempt of laws natural and political ?
In what country has it not invited the march of
the invader and the yoke of the tyrant?   Why
did Sparta, enriched by the advice and policy of
Lysander, lose the virtue and the power which
she had retained during six hundred years of
frugal independence?   Why did the Roman Re-
public fall to decay as soon as her nobility were
cumbered with the accumulated wealth and fatal
spoils of conquered nations?
!     Many of the republics of the middle ages, in the
south of Europe, withstood the shock of foreign
! invasion, and fought with success against the
stranger, but to see their liberties cloven down
| by the blows of domestic tyranny.  Why instance
the  example  of Florence—until the thirteenth
century the freest republic of the modern era?
Why show the people, wronged in their most
sacred rights, tortured in their dearest feelings,
! trodden under foot by the contending aristocratic
parties of the day, pouring out their life blood
for Guelf and forGibeline, till, exhausted by the
fruitless contest, they sat ¿own in quiet submis-
sion, no longer able to resist the yoke of titled
despotism ?
Genoa, too, once free, happy, and powerful,
paid the forfeit of inequality. The curse of all
republics lighted upon her head; and tossed by
passions, begotten of clashing privileges and con-
tending inteiests, which seemed to grow out of
the lust of ambition rather than out of the love of
freedom, settled down, after various vicissitudes,
into a rigid oligarchy.
The once free and happy Venitians trusted to
the hollow promises of the aristocracy, and mark
the consequences of their credulity. They con-
tinued to sleep over the imminence of danger
until awakened from their lethargy by the shriek
of expiring freedom and the clank of patrician
chains. An unsparing and iron-handed aristoc-
racy gave the charter of their liberties to the
winds of the Adriatic; and beneath the ruins of
their free institutions sat the dark conclave of a
gloomy inquisition, and the titled murderers of
the Secret Tribunal.
All States, in their infancy, had laws favorable
to equality; all, however, have been condemned
to see distinctions and preferences grow up among
their citizens; and although wealth and dignities
were at first but little regarded, so influential
were their gradual sway, that they proved all-
sufficient to undermine the stability of the laws,
and subjugate the spirit of the multitude.    Con-
sider the length of time which elapsed before the
plebeians of Rome could come to the resolve of
sharing the magistracy with the patricians.   Yet
the people were not unconscious of their influence
and their power.    The  exile  of Tarquin had
inspired them with an extreme love of freedom.
The banishment of the lewd tyrant had induceá
the hope among the people of yielding to the
omnipotence of the laws alone.   They had sus-
tained a long and obstinate war of principles,
which must have elevated their sentiments. And
yet we all know how many indignities, how many
exactions, how many tortures; we all know how
often the lash of the patrician's taskmaster re-
sounded in  the ergastula;  how often the hard
earnings of the laborer were wrung from his toil-
worn  palms, to dower  the  patrician wife, or
furnish the extravagancies of a patrician bridal;
how often the plebeian debtor was limbed, joint
by joint, to answer the claims of his patrician
creditor; how often the Roman gemonia echoed
with the agony of a tortured people, before they
thought, 1 will not say to hurl their claims at
: their oppressors, but to stand on the imprescript-
ible law of self-protection.   Goaded at last beyond
endurance by the tyranny of the aristocracy, they
secede, and intrench their rights on the sacred
1 mount.   They were sufficiently powerful to have
crushed their enemies, or, at least, to have vindi-
cated the equality of the laws; yet I know not
what lurking sense of dependence, what lingering
habits of deference to the wealthy, arrests the
thought of vengeance; all that they ask, all they
desire, is not to be tortured—not to be oppressed..
We have eaten of the bread of panda, the bread
of communion, with you, they say to the patri-
' cians; let not its promise be a lie to ourselves,
! our wives, and our children!    The magistrates
whom they appoint to watch over their safety
bear no badge of authority, and are content to sit
at the outer door of the patrician Senate.   The
tribunes, who knew their power, and exerted
every faculty to uphold the dignity of their order,
how long was it before they could bring the ple-
beians properly to value the principle of equality?
Ifthe multitude swell around the forum ;ifit reecho
with their angry murmurs; if they show a dispo-
sition to wrest the authority from lawless hands,
fear not, it is all a show; a sort of blind and con-
fused instinct, the fruit of habit, holds back the
plebeians; and unconscious of the fact, that very
instinct militates  against their best and  most
sacred interest, and calms every burst of indig-
nation into order and peace.    They must gradu-
ally become familiar with  the  extent of their
rights, and if, in a moment of violence and strife,
they assert the privilege of sharing the fasces
with the patricians, a whole century will have
passed away before they dare fully to enjoy that
privilege.    So much for the disposition to insur-
gency against the rich, attributed to the poor or
laboring classes.   And yet, in the teeth of all
