446
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 5,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Laboring Classes—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Reps.
these facts, in contradiction to all experience, and
in defiance of the concurrent testimony of his-
tory, our modern aristocracy have the presump-
tion, nay, the bald-faced impudence, to allege
that the people have ever a propensión to sedition
and plunder.
Sir, is it not strange, is it not marvelous, that
the aristocracy of any country should have the
hardihood to make pretensions to a higher sense
of political justice, and claim to possess a greater ,
share of morality and virtue, than the people, the 1
democracy?   What is the history of the  aris- ,
tocracy, whether of ancient or of modern times,
but a history of aggression, of perfidy, sedition,
debauchery, and of moral and political prostitu-
tion?   What is it but a history of bands of polit-
ical marauders, whose bond of union was sordid
ambition,and whose watch word and rallying cry
was rapine; in a word, what is it but a history
whose every page bears the indelible impress of
omnipotent depravity?   Sir, wherever the power
of an aristocracy, especially of a moneyed aris-
toeracy, is fearlessly exercised, the whole moral and
political atmosphere   becomes so contaminated,
that the heart and its passions, life and its pur-
poses, are alike prostituted to lust and infamy, to
avarice and ambition.   Within the circle of its
influence no generous aspiration can spring, no
moral verdure can flourish, no virtue can live;
honor, gratitude, beneficence, patriotism—all, all
perish.   The maxim of the Athenian orator, that
action, action, action, was the soul of oratory,
appears to have been translated by all aristocra-
cies construing the essence of political power into
corruption, corruption, corruption!
Sir, when man becomes so far regardless of
the rights and welfare of his fellow man as first
deliberately to despoil him of the fruits of his
labor, and of those inalienable rights which God
and nature vouchsafed to him, and then deride
his misfortunes and exult over his degradation,
as is the wont of the aristocrat, he is and must
be fitted for any and every enormity, and would,
nay does, in very deed, spurn the breast that
feeds him—" crams, and blasphemes the feeder."
Do I speak in terms too strong of the corrupt-
ing influence and of the abominations of aris-
tocracy? By no means. Turn to the page of
history, and point me to the people whose virtue
or whose patriotism was proof against such influ-
ence, after such influence had once been felt. In the
footsteps of aristocracies, especially of moneyed
aristocracies, ever follows venal and enervating
luxury; that common bane of all prosperous Gov-
ernments; that fell destroyer of all manly and
patriotic virtue; that seductive syren who sings
of glory while she scatters pestilence and wither-
ing mildews round the land. Sir, the history of
the past is before us; let us be admonished by
the lessons it inculcates. Classic Greece, and
stern republican Rome, those former lights and
wonders of the world, in an evil hour took to
their bosoms the serpent luxury, and, ere they
were aware, became entangled in its folds; they
struggled, and struggled, but in vain—its subtle,
sickly poison had reached their vitals, unstrung
their sturdy nerves, palsied their giant arms, ana
stretched them helpless and hopeless in the dust!
The dialects of Aristotle, the philosophy of
Plato, and the eloquence of Cicero, were opposed
in vain to the moral and political pestilence which
swept the land. The influence of wealth and
luxury not only banished virtue and patriotism
from the Grecian and Roman States, but carried
vice and corruption into the very heart of Chris-
tendom! It not only debased the principles of
Socrates and Seneca, but the vicars of Christ and
the defenders of the faith. It triumphed alike
over heathen philosophy and Christian divinity;
and for the proof, I would refer you to both pro-
fane and ecclesiastical history During the three
first centuries, the professors of Christianity kept
themselves comparatively " pure and unspotted
from the world, and their consciences innocent
from secret conspiracy or open rebellion. When
persecuted by their enemies, they retaliated not,
but, in imitation of their Heavenly Teacher,
meekly bowed their necks to the blow. But after
Christianity had become the ally of wealth and
power, mark the change! behold how soon its
whole garb and character are altered ! No sooner
had it become the favorite of royalty, and the
associate of aristocracy, than its professors (the
once humble followers of the meek and lowly
Jesus) rushed from the cloister and the cell, like
lions from their lairs, or rather, like wolves from
their dens, thirsting for blood, and howling for
revenge. The symbols of peace and purity, the
chalice and the cross, were exchanged for the
spear and javelin; the robes of sanctity, the gown
and surplice, for the mail of steel, the cuirass, and
the casque. The clang of arms and the war shout
were preferred to the morning hymn and the
evening orison; and, instead of singing hallelujahs
to the Prince of Peace, those sanguinary heroes
shouted hosannas to the Demon of War! The
cross was raised in the battle, and glittered on
their shields; and corrupted Christianity was
spread, by dint of arms, from the Thracian Bos-
phorus to the banks of the Wolga. But, alas!
as it advanced, virtue receded! No sooner were
the pagans repulsed than the spurious Chris-
tians turned their swords, still reeking with the
blood of the infidel, against each other. The
heretics were massacred, and their estates confis-
cated, and some of the penal regulations were
copied from the edicts of that very Dioclesian
who had dealt destruction among the Christians.
" And this method of conversion was applauded
by the same bishops who had felt the hand of
oppression, and pleaded for the rights of human-
ity."
But I will pursue this subject no further. My
object was merely to show that neither the teach-
ings of philosophy, nor the inspiration of religion,
were capable of counteracting or resisting the
corrupt and unhallowed influence of associated
power and wealth — of aristocracy. And yet,
i with a knowledge of these facts, with a full and
practiced knowledge of the immoral and corrupting
i tendency and character of aristocratic principles,
. our venal, flippant, upstart aristocrats, with heads
¡ thrown back, and arms akimbo, presume to prate
i of virtue and morality, and dare to impugn the
1 integrity and patriotism of their betters, the
I democracy. Their arrogance and folly can only
be paralleled by their depravity.
But, sir, much has been said against associa-
tions—not of bankers, nor of brokers, but of
mechanics and laboréis. Why, it has been asked
with alarm and indignation, why this commotion
among the laboring classes ? Why this banding
together and forming of unions throughout the
country? Sir, these associations are intended as
counterpoises against capital, whenever it shall
attempt to exert an unlawful or undue influence.
They are a measure of self-defense and of self-pres-
ervation, and therefore are not illegal ! Both the
laws of God and man justify resistance to the
robber and the homicide, even unto death ! They
are considered necessary guards against the en-
croachments of mercenary ambition and tyranny,
and the friends of exclusive privileges, therefore,
may, with propriety, dread their power and their
influence. The union of the working men is not
only a shield of defense against hostile combina-
tions, but also a weapon of attack that will be
successfully wielded against the oppressive meas-
ures of a corrupt and despotic aristocracy. It is
the brand of Iolacs searing and annihilating the
Lernaean monster.
The present indications of disquietude in the
public mind excite no alarm among the friends
of equal rights. It is proof that liberty is abroad,
and that the " bone and muscle of the country"
are imbued with its spirit. It is an evidence that
the Republic retains a goodly share of its original
purity and freshness, and that the blood flows
fast and the pulse beats strongly in the body-
politic, denoting youthful health and vigor. The
friends of equal rights, therefore, I say, are not
alarmed at these signs of concert and energy in
the ranks of the people. They perceive, in the
gathering cloud, the lightning that is to purify the
political atmosphere. It flashes, but terrifies the
foes of freedom!
And who are they that clamor against the
efforts of the laboring classes to protect their
rights and elevate their condition? Who that
approve of indictments and prosecutions against
them for seeking refuge in union and association
from combination and oppression, and hold guilt-
less at the same time the confederates of all con-
spiracies against them?   Sir, I will tell you who
they are: they are the sordid champions of ex-
clusive privileges, and of chartered monopolies;
those cunningly-devised substitutes of feudal
tenures, and the "insolent prerogative of primo-
geniture." They are the common enemies of
equal rights, and of that just and benign policy
which would secure the greatest good to the
greatest number. They are the aristocracy, and,
therefore, traitors to the principles of the Govern-
ment which affords them protection.
But it is denied that there are any such party in
this country as an aristocracy. The Constitution,
it is said, recognizes no such order. True, sir,
neither does the Constitution recognize a paper
currency; but does it follow, therefore, that no such
currency exists ? The Constitution of the United
States positively prohibits the emission of bills of
credit, by the State governments; and yet it is
notorious, that such issues, in the shape of bank
bills, are made daily, by and with the consent of
every State government in the Union. It is absurd,
therefore, to argue that there is no aristocracy in
this country, because the Constitution recognizes
no such party or order. But as names do not
alter the nature of things, it makes but very little
difference by what name that political party is
called, which advocates exclusive privileges, or an
inequality of rights. Their principles are equally
adverse to the spirit of democracy, by whatever
name they may be designated.
A purely democratic Government must neces-
sarily be opposed, in its very character and nature,
to all monopolies and unequal legislation; and no
party, therefore, in favor of charters and exclusive
privileges, can, with any propriety, claim to be
the party of democracy: it would be equally proper
for a disciple of Mahomet to call himself a Chris-
tian. Sir, is it not base and horrible mockery,
nay, downright perfidy, for any party or individ-
ual to profess the principles of democracy, or
political equality, and pursue monopoly or aristo-
cratic measures at the same time? Whoever
professes to be a Democrat and acts upon federal
or monopoly principles, deserves to be stigma-
tized as a political dissembler and traitor.
Sir, shall I be told that the Democratic party
numbers amongst its nominal supporters, mo-
nopolists, or aristocrats? I am aware of the fact,
sir, without being advised of it at this time.
Nevertheless, I do contend that the Democratic
party, as a party, have, from the organization of
the Government to the present time, ever been dis-
tinguished from their political adversaries, whether
lenown as federalists, aristocrats, monopolists,
nationals, or modern Whigs, by their advocacy
of liberal or popular principles. The history of
the two parties shows this. The first prominent
anti-democratic measure proposed in this country,
was that of the funding or banking system. Alex-
ander Hamilton, the avowed advocate of an aris-
tocracy, was the fit champion of this unequal and
onerous measure, and from which has emanated
that whole system of monopoly which now over-
shadows the land, and threatens to subvert the
liberties of the people. Of this aristocratic sys-
tem, mark what has been said by one of the most
clear headed, sound, and patriotic men that our
country ever produced—I allude to the late John
Taylor, of Caroline county, Virginia:
" Thus, whilst a paper system pretends to make a nation
rich and potent, it only makes a minority of that nation
rich and potent, at the expense of the majority, which it
makes poor and impotent. Wealth makes a nation, a
faction, or an individual, powerful, and therefore, if paper
systems extracted the wealth they accumulate from the
winds, and not from property and labor, they would still be
inimical to the principles of every constitution, founded in
the idea of national will; because the subjection of a
nation to the will of individuals or factions, is an invariable
effect of great accumulation of wealth; but when the
accumulation of a minority impoverishes a majority, a
double operation doubly rivets this subjection.
" The delusion of all paper projects is at once detected
by turning upon them their own doctrine ; all boast of doing
good to a nation. Suppose a nation was to decline this
beneficence, and propose to reward it by doing good to
paper projects, exactly in the same way they propose to
benefit the nation—that is, by taking from the owners of
stock their income, and consigning over to them the taxes
and the credit attached to the debtor, with the blessing of
a paper circulation; the credulity which believes that these
institutions do really impo e upon nations debt and taxes,
direct and indirect, from motives of public good, would be
presently cured by the faltering tongues, the wan faces,
and the distressing lamentations, which a proposition tor
this exchange would produce. These paper projects,
which pretend to be blessings to nauons, would be depre-
cated as curses by themselves, if the case was thus al'ered.
