44&
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25,
24th CofcG....lsT Sess.
Indian Hostilities—Mr. Adams.
Ho. of Reps.
twenty years ago for appropriating any portion
of the public moneys to the relief of the inhab-
itants of Caraccas, it could not establish the prin-
ciple that Congress have the constitutional power
to appropriate money for the relief of all human
suffering, whether by earthquake, famine, civil
war, or Indian ferocity.  And the gentleman from
Alabama himself, who  so ardently urges  the
adoption  of this resolution, tells  you that he
should have toted against that measure of relief
to the wretched sufferers in Caraccas.    Mere
commiseration, though one of the most amiable
impulses of our nature, gives us no power to drain
the Treasury of the people for the relief of the ,
suffering object.    You mu<¡t, therefore, seek an-
other, an additional source of power, for authority
to pass this resolution; and where will you, where
can you find it but in the tear power, and its lim-
itation, not its enlargement, in that very declara-
tion of ¿he transcendent purposes for which the
people of the United States ordained their Con-
stitution—the common defense and general welfare ?
Step one hair's breadth out of the circle bounding
the true Intent and meaning of these words, and
you have no more authority to pass this resolu-
tion than you have, by an act of Congress, to
saddle the people of the United States with the
insupportable barden of the whole system of the
poor laws of England.
Sir, in the authority given to Congress by the
Constitution of the United States to declare war,
all the powers incidental to war are, by necessary
implication, conferred upon the Government of the
United States, fiow, the powers incidental to
tear are derived, not from the internal municipal
•sources, but from the laws and usages of nations.
In your relations with the Indian tribes you never
declare war, though you do make and break
treaties with them whenever either to make or
break treaties with them happens to suit the pur-
poses of the President and a majority of both
Houses of Congress. For, in this matter, you
have set aside the judiciary department of the
Government as effectually as if there Were none
such in the Constitution.
There are, then, Mr. Chairman,in the authority
of Congress and the Executive two classes of
powers, altogether different in theii nature, and
often incompatible with each other: the war power
and the peace power. The peace power is limited
by regulations, and restricted by provisions, pre-
scribed within the Constitution itself. The war
power is limited only by the laws and usages of
nations. The power is tremendous; it is strictly
constitutional, but it breaks down every barrier
bo anxiously erected for the protection of liberty,
of property, and of life. This, sir, is the power
which authorizes you to pass the resolution now
before you, and, in my opinion, there is no other.
And this, sir,is the reason which 1 was hot permit-
ted to give this morning for voting with only eight
associates against the first resolution reported by
the committee on the abolition petitions; not one
word of discussion had been permitted on either
"of those resolutions. When called to vote upon
the first of them, I asked Only five minutes of the
time of the House to prove that it was utterly
unfounded. It Was not the pleasure of the House
to grant me those five minutes. Sir, I must say
that, in all the proceedings of the House upon
that report, from the previous question, moved
and inflexibly persisted in by a member of the
committee itself which reported the resolutions,
ÍMrf Owéns, of Georgia,] to the refusal of the
Speaker, sustained by the majority of the House,
to permit the other gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Glascoc'k] to recora upon the Journal his reasons
for asking tobe excused from voting on that same
resolution, the freedom of debate has been stifled
in this House to a degree far beyond anything
that ever lias happénea since the existence of the
Constitution of the United States; nor is it a con-
solatory reflection to me how intensely we have
been made to feel, in the process of that opera-
tion, that the Speaker of this House is a slave-
holder. And, sir, as I was not then permitted to
assign my reasons for voting against that resolu-
tion before I gave the vote, f rejoice that the
reason for which I shall vote for the resolution
now before the committee is identically the same
with that for which I voted against that.
Mr. AdaAS at this, and át many other pas-
sages of this speech, was interrupted by calls to
order.    The Chairman of the committee [Mr. A.
H. Shepperd, of North Carolina] in every in-
stance decided that he was not out of order, but at
this passage intimated that he was approaching
very close upon its borders; upon which Mr. A.
said: Then I am to understand, sir, that I am
yet within the bounds of order, but that I may
transcend  them  hereafter.     Mr.  Chairman,  I
claim the privilege of speech accorded to every
other member of this House.    I will not advert
to the latitude in which that privilege has been,
throughout this session, enjoyed in Committee
of the Whole by every member of the House
who has chosen to exercise it.  I will appeal only
to what happened no longer ago than the sitting
of yesterday and of this morning, when, at the
hour of one, the Speaker adjourned the House,
not in the usual form often o'clock to-morrow
morning, but to ten o'clock of Wednesday morn-
ing, that is, of this day.    Is it not within the
recollection of every one who hears me that two
gentlemen, both distinguished members of the
House, from the State of Maryland, from the
hour of seven to that of ten, or little sh ort of that
time, last evening, entertained and instructed the
Committee of the Whole House with a contro-
versial disquisition upon the constitution of the
State of Maryland, and upon the very important
question whether the voice of the Legislature of
that State was or was not an exponent of the
popular will?   Is it not remembered that this
disquisition was held in the form of a dialogue,
so animated that the retort courteous, the quip
modest,  the   counter-check   quarrelsome,  and
almost the lie circumstantial, passed between those
gentlemen, without interruption from the Chair-
man, and without call to order, till at last an
honorable member from Tennessee proposed that
the difference between the two members should
be settled by arbitration?   And what was the
question before the committee, sir, upon which
this spirited and eloquent conference was held?
Was it upon an appropriation of $700,000 for
arming the fortifications of the United States? or
upon an amendment to that proposed, by a reduc-
tion of the salaries of all your principal executive
officers, and of the compensation of members of
Congress?   Sir, it was upon one of these two
propositions, so exceedingly relevant to each
other, that the colloquy between the two gentle-
men from Maryland, upon the constitution, Legis-
lature, and people of that highly respectable State,
was held, for hours, without interruption or call
to order.  And now, sir, am I to be disconcerted
and silenced, or admonished by the Chair that I
am approaching to irrelevant matter, which may
warrant him to arrest me in my argument, because
I say that the reason for which I shall vote for
the resolution now before the committee, levying
a heavy contribution upon the property of my
constituents, is identically the  same with the
reason for which I voted against the resolution
reported by the slavery committee, that Congress
has no authority to interfere, in. any way, with
slavery in any of the States of this Union ?   Sir,
I was not allowed to give my reasons for that
vote, and a majority of my constituents, perhaps
proportionably as large as that of this House, in
favor of that resolution, may, and probably will,
disap'pvbre of "fhy vote agáfiíá* it,' unless my
reasons for so voting, should  be explained to
them.   I asked but five minute's of the House to
give those reasons, anil wáír refused.   I shall,
therefore, take the liberty to give them now, as
they are strictly applicable to the measure now
before the committee, and are my only justifica-
tion for voting in favor of this resolution.
I return, then, to my first position, that there
are two classes of powers vested by the Constitu-
tion of the Unifed States in their Congress and
executive Government: thepowers tobe eíercisetí
in time of peace, and the powers ihcidental to
tear. That the powers of peace are limited by
provisions within the body of the Constitution
itself; but that the powers of war are limited and
regulated only by the laws and usages of nations.
There are, indeed, powers of peace conferred upon
Congress which also come within the scope and
jurisdiction of the laws of nations, such as the
negotiation of treaties of amity and commerce,
the ifiterchange of public ministers and consuls,
and all the personal and social intercom se between
the individual inhabitants of the United States
and foreign nations, and the Indian tribes, winch
require the interposition of any law. But the
powers of war are all regulated by the laws of
nations, and are subject to no othcrhmitation. It
is by this power that I am justified in voting the
money of my constituents for the immediate relief
of their fellow-citizens suffering with extreme
necessity even for subsistence, by the dnect con-
sequence of an Indian war. Upon the same pun-
ciple, your consuls in foreign ports are authorized
to provide for the subsistence of seamen in dis-
tress, and even for their passage to their own
country.
And it was upon that same principle that I voted
against the resolution reported by the slavery com-
mittee, " that Congress possess no constitutional
authority to interfere, in any way, with the insti-
tution of slavery in any of the States of this Con-
federacy, "to which resolution most of those with
whom I usually concur, and even my own col-
leagues in this House gave their assent. I do
not admit that there is, even among the peace
powers of Congress, such authority; but in vmr
there are many ways by which Congress not only
have the authority, but are bound to interfere with
the institution of slavery in the States. The ex-
isting law prohibiting the importation of slaves
into the United States from foreign countries, is
itself an interference with the institution of sla-
very in the States. It was so considered by the
founders of the Constitution of the United States,
in which it was stipulated that Congress should
not interfere, in that way, with the institution,
prior to the year 1808.
During the late war with Great Britain, the
military and naval commanders of that nation
issued proclamations inviting the slaves to repair
to their standards, with promises of freedom and
of settlement in some of the British colonial
establishments. This, surely, was an interference
with the institution of slavery in the States. By
the treaty of peace, Great Britain stipulated to
evacuate all the forts and places in the United
States, without carrying away any slaves. If
the Government of the United States had no
authority to interfere, in any way, with the insti-
tution of slavery in the States, they would not
have had the authority to require this stipulation.
It is well known that this engagement was not
fulfilled by the British naval and military com-
manders; that, on the contrary, they did carry
away all the slaves whom "they had induced to
join them, and that the British Government
inflexibly refused to restore any of them to their
masters; that a claim of indemnity was conse-
quently instituted in behalf of the owners of the
slaves, and was successfully maintained. All that
series of transactions was an interference by Con-
gress with the institution of slavery in the States
in one way—in the way of protection and sup-
port. It was by the institution of slavery alone
that the restitution of slaves enticed by proclama-
tion into the British service could be claimed as
property. But for the institution of slavery, the
British commanders could neither have allured
them to their standard, nor stored them otherwise
than as liberated prisoners of war. But for the
institution of slavery, there could have been no
stipulation that they should not be carried away
as property, nor any claim of indemnity for the
violation of that engagement.
.But the war power of Congress over the insti-
tution of slavery in the States is yet far more
extensive. Suppose the <Jase of a servile war,
complicated, as to some extent it is even now
with an Indian war; suppose Congress were
called to raise armies, to supply money from the
whole Union to suppress a servile insurrection,
would they have no authority to interfere with
the institution of slavery ? The issue of a servile
war may be disastrous. By war the slave may
emancipate himself-, it may become necessary for
the master to recognize his emancipation by a
treaty of peace; can it for an instant be pretended
that Congress, in such a contingency, would
have no authority to interfere with the institu-
tion óf slavery, in any way, in the States? Why,
it would be equivalent to saying that Congress
have no constitutional authonty to make peace.
I suppose a more portentous case, certainly
