1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
449
24th Cong....] st Sess.
Indian Hostilities—Mr. Adams.
Ho. of Reps.
within the bounds of possibility—I would to God
I could say, not within the bounds of probability.
You have been, if you are not now, at the very :'•
point of a war with Mexico—a war, I am sorry
to say, so far as public rumor may be credited,
stimulated by provocations on our part from the
very commencement of this Administration down
to trie recent authority given to General Gaines
to invade the Mexican territory. It is said that
one of the earliest acts of this Administration was
a proposal, made at a time when there was already
much ill-humor in Mexico against the United
States, that she shouM cede to the United States
a very large portion of her territory; large enough
to constitute nine States equal in extent to Ken-
tucky. It must be confessed that a device better
calculated to produce jealousy, suspicion, ill-will,
and hatred, could not have been contrived. It is
further affirmed that this overture, offensive in
itself, was made precisely at the time when a
swarm of colonists from these United States were
covering the Mexican border with land-jobbing,
and with slaves, introduced in defiance of the
Mexican laws, by which slavery had been abol-
ished throughout that Republic. The war now
raging in Texas is a Mexican civil war, and a
war for the reestablishment of slavery where it
was abolished. It is not a servile war, but a war
between slavery and emancipation, and every
possible effort has been made to drive us into the
war, on the side of slavery.
It is, indeed, a circumstance eminently fortu-
nate for us that this monster, Santa Anna, has
been defeated and taken, though I cannot par-
ticipate in that exquisite joy with which we have
been  told that every one  having Anglo-Saxon
blood in his veins must have been delighted on
hearing that this ruffian has been shot, in cold   ,
blood, when a prisoner of war, by the Anglo-
Saxon leader of the victorious Texan army.   Sir,
I hope there is no member of this House of other
than Anglo-Saxon origin who will deem it un-
courteaus that 1, being myself in part Anglo-
Saxon, must of course hold that for the best blood
that ever circulated in human veins.    Oh! yes,
sir! far be it from me to depreciate the glories of
the Anglo-Saxon race; although there have been
times when they bowed their necks and submit-
ted to the law of conquest, beneath the ascend-
ency of the Norman race.   But, sir, it has struck
me as no inconsiderable evidence of the spirit
which is spurring us into this war of aggression,
of conquest, and of slave-making, that all the
fires of ancient, hereditary national hatred are to
be kindled to familiarize us with the ferocious
spirit of rejoicing at the massacre of prisoners in
cold blood.    Sir, is there not yet hatred enough
between the races which compose your southern
population and the population of Mexico, their
next neighbor, but you must go back eight hun- •
dred or a thousand years, and to another hemi-
sphere, for the fountains of bitterness between |
you and them?    What is the temper of feeling I
between the component parts of your southern ,
population, between your Anglo-Saxon, Norman- ;
French,  and  Moorish-Spanish   inhabitants  of j
Louisiana, Mississippi, Arkansas, and Missouri? |
between them all and the Indian savage, the ori-
ginal possessor of the land from which you are
scouring him already back to the foot of the Rocky
Mountains?   What between them all and  the
native American negro, of African origin, whom
they are holding in cruel bondage?   Are these
elements of harmony, concord, and patriotism
between the component parts of a nation starting
upon a crusade of conquest? Andwhatarethe feel-
ings of all this motley compound of your south-
ern population towards the compound, equally
heterogeneous, of the Mexican population ?   Do
not you, an Anglo-Saxon slaveholding extermi-
nator of Indians, from the bottom of your soul
hate the Mexican-Spaniard-Indian, emancipator
of slaves and abolisher of slavery?   And do you
think that your hatred is not with equal cordiality
returned ?    Go to the city of Mexico, ask any of
your fellow-citizens who have been there for the
last three or four years whether they scarcely
dare show their faces, as Anglo-Americans, in the
streets.    Be assured, sir, that however heartily
you detest the Mexican, his bosom burns with
an equally deep-seated detestation of you.
And this is the nation with which, at the insti-
gation of your Executive Government, you are
now rushing into war—into a war of conquest:
commenced by aggression on your part, and for
the reestablishment of slavery where it has been
abolished,  throughout  the   Mexican  Republic.
For your war will be with Mexico—with a Re-
public of twenty-four States, and a population
of eight or nine millions of souls.   It seems to be
considered that this victory over twelve hundred
men, with the capture of their commander, the
President of the Mexican Republic, has already
achieved the  conquest of the whole Republic.
That it may have achieved the independence of
Texas, is not impossible.    But Texas is to the
Mexican Republic not more, nor so much, as the
State of Michigan is to yours.    That State of
Michigan, the people of which are in vain claiming
of you the performance of that secret promise
you made them, of admitting her as a State into
the Union; that State of Michigan, which has
greater grievances, and heavier wrongs to allege
against you for a declaration of her independence,
if she were disposed to declare it, than the people
of Texas have for breaking off their union with
the Republic of Mexico.    Texas is an extreme
boundary portion of the Republic of Mexico; a
wilderness, inhabited only by Indians till after
the  revolution  which  separated  Mexico   from
Spain; not sufficiently populous at the organiza-
tion of the Mexican Confederacy to form a State
by itself, and therefore united  with Coahuila,
where the greatest part of the indigenous part of
the population reside.    Sir, the history of all the
emancipated Spanish American colonies has been,
ever since their separation from Spain, a history
of convulsionary wars; of revolutions, accom-
plished by single, and  often very insignificant
battles; of chieftains, whose title to power has
been the murder of their immediate predecessors.
They have all partaken of the character of the
first conquest of Mexico by Cortez, of Peru by
Pizarro; and this, sir, makes me shudder at the
thought of connecting our destinies indissolubly
with theirs.    It may be that a new revolution in
Mexico will follow upon this captivity or death
of their President and commanding general; we
have rumors, indeed, that such a revolution had
happened even before his defeat; but I cannot
yet see my way clear to the conclusion that either
the independence of Texas, or the capture and
military execution of Santa Anna, will save you
from war with Mexico.   SantaAnna was butone
of a breed of which Spanish America, for the last
twenty-five years, has been a teeming mother—
soldiers of fortune, who, by the sword or the
musket ball, have risen to supreme power, and
by the sword or the musket ball have fallen from
it.   That breed is not extinct; the very last intel-
ligence from Peru tells us of one who has fallen
there as Yturbide, and Mina, and Guerrero, and
Santa Anna have fallen in Mexico. . The same
I soil which produced them is yet fertile to produce
others.  They reproduce themselves, with nothing
but a change of the name and of the man.   Your
war, sir, is to be a war of races—the Anglo-
Saxon  American  pitted  against  the  Moorish-
Spanish Mexican American—a war between the
northern and southern halves of North America;
from Passamaquoddy to Panama.   Are you pre-
pared for such a war?   And again, I ask, what
will be your cause in such a war?   Aggression,
conquest, and the  reestablishment of slavery
where it has been abolished.    In that war, sir,
the banners of freedom will be the banners of
Mexico; and your banners, I blush to speak the
; word, will be the banners of slavery.
!     Sir, in considering these United States and the
j United Mexican States as mere masses of power
t coming to collision against each other, I cannot
¡ doubtthatMexico will be the greatest sufferer by
the shock.   The conquest of all Mexico would
seem to be no improbable result of the conflict,
especially if the war should extend no further than
to the two mighty combatants.   But will it be so
confined ?   Mexico is clearly the weakest of the
two Powers; but she is not the least prepared for
action. She has the more recent experience of war.
She has the greatest number of veteran warriors;
and although her highest chief has just suffered
a fatal and ignominious defeat, yet that has hap-
pened often before to leaders of armies too con-
fident of success and contemptuous of their enemy.
Even now, Mexico is better prepared for a war
of invasion upon you, than you are for a war of
invasion upon her.    There may be found a suc-
cessor to Santa Anna, inflamed with the desire,
not only of avenging his disaster, but what he
and his nation will consider your perfidious hos-
tility.   The national spirit may go with him.   He
may not only turn the tables upon the Texan
conquerors, but drive them for refuge within your
borders, and pursue them into the heart of your
own Territories.    Are you in a condition to resist
him?    Is the success of your whole Army, and
all your veteran generals, and all your militia
calls, and all your mutinous volunteers against a
miserable band of five or six hundred invisible
Seminole Indians, in your late campaign, an earn-
est of the energy and vigor with which you are
ready to carry on that far otherwise formidable
and complicated war?—complicated, did I say?
And how complicated ?   Your Seminole war is
already spreading to the Creeks, and, in their
march of desolation, they sweep along with them
your negro slaves, and put arms into their hands
to make common cause with them against you;
and how far will it spread, sir, should a Mexican
invader, with the torch of liberty in his hand,
and the standard of freedom floatingoverhishead,
proclaiming emancipation  to the slave and re-
venge to the native Indian, as he goes, invade
your soil ?   What will be the condition of your
States of Louisiana, of Mississippi, of Alabama,
of Arkansas, of Missouri, and of Georgia? Where
will be your negroes?    Where will be that com-
bined and concentrated mass of Indian tribes,
whom by an inconceivable policy, you have ex-
pelled from their widely distant habitations, to
embody them within a small compass on the very
borders of Mexico, as if on purpose to give that
country a nation of natural allies in their hostili-
ties against you?   Sir, you have a Mexican, an
Indian, and a negro war upon your hands, and
! you are plunging yourself into it blindfold; you
are talking about acknowledging the independ-
, ence of the Republic of Texas, and you are thirst-
1 ing to annex Texas, ay,and Coahuila, and Tamau-
lipas,and Santa Fe, from the source to the mouth
of the Rio Bravo to your already over-distended
dominions.    Five hundred thousand square miles
; of the territory of Mexico, would not even now
quench your burning thirst for aggrandizement.
But will your foreign war for this be with
Mexico alone?    No, sir.    As the weaker party,
Mexico, when the contest shall have once begun,
' will look abroad, as well as among your negroes
and your Indians, for assistance.  Neither Great
1 Britain nor France will suffer you to make such
a conquest from Mexico; no, nor even to annex
the independent State of Texas to your Confed-
eration, without their interposition.    You will
have an Anglo-Saxon intertwined with a Mexi-
can war to wage.    Great Britain may have no
serious objection to the independence of Texas,
and maybe willing enough to take her under her
! protection, as a barrier both against Mexico and
against you.  But as aggrandizement to you, she
will not readily suffer it; and above all, she will
not suffer you to acquire it by conquest, and the
reestablishment of slavery.    Urged  on  by the
[ irresistible, overwhelming torrent of public opin-
ion, Great  Britain  has recently, at a cost of
$100,000,000, which  her people have joyfully
paid, abolished slavery throughout all her colo-
nies in the West Indies.   After setting such an
example, she will not—it is impossible that she
should—stand by and witness a war for the re-
establishment of slavery where it had been for
years abolished, and situated thus in the imme-
diate neighborhood of her islands.    She will tell
you that if you must have Texas as a member
of your Confederacy, it must be without the taint
or the trammels of slavery; and if you will wage
a war to handcuff and fetter your fellow-man,
she will wage the war against you to break his
chains.    Sir, what a figure in the eyes of man-
kind would you make, in deadly conflict with
Great Britain—she fighting the battles of emanci-
pation, and you the battles of slavery; she the
benefactress and you the oppressor of human
kind !  In such a war, the enthusiasm of emanci-
pation, too, would unite vast numbers of her
people in aid of the national rivalry, and all her
natural jealousy against our aggrandizement. No
No. 29
