1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
:24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
Mexico, and to the peace of the country. When
I last maco the attempt, a majority of the House
voted by yeas and nays to suspend the rules, to
enable me to o tier out of the two resolutions—
but the majority iku amounting to two thiids, my
resolution bus not yet obtained from the House
the favor of being considered. Had it been the
pleasure of the House to indulge the call, or to
allow me the pr.wlege of assigning my reasons
for my vou- on the icsolutiou ilus morning, the
rem.uks that I have now made might have been
deemed more appropriate to those topics of dis-
cuss.onthan to the question more immediately
now before the committee. They are rejections,
however, which 1 deem it not less indispensable
to make than they are painful to be made—ex-
torted from me by a condition of public affairs
un'sampled m the history of this country. Here-
tofore, calls upon the Executive Department for
information, such as that which I have proposed
to make, were considered as among the rights of
the members of this House, which it was scarcely
deemed decent to resist. A previous question,
smothering all discussion upon resolutions re-
p-n-nl by a committee, affecting the vital prin-
ciple of the Constitution, moved by one of the
members who reported the resolutions, and sus-
tained by the members of that committee itself,
is an oc'urr.-nee which never before happened in
the annals of this Government. The adoption
of those resolutions of the House had not even
been moved. Upon the mere question whether
an extra number of the report of the committee
should be printed, a member moves the recom-
mitment of the report, with instructions to report
a new resolution. On this motion the previous
question is moved, and the Speaker declares that
the main question is not on the motion to recom-
mit, not on the' motion to print an extra number
of copies of the report, but upon the adoption of
three resolutions reported but never even moved
in the House. If this is to be the sample of our
future legislation, it is time to awake from the l
delusion that freedom of speech is among the ,
rights of the members of the minority of this i
House.
To return, Mr. Chairman, to the resolution
before the committee. I shall vote for this appli-
cation of moneys levied by taxation upon my
constituents, to feed the suffering and starving
fugitives from Indian desperation and revenge.
How deeply searching in the coffers of your
Treasury this operation will ultimately be, no man
can at this time foretell. The expenditure author-
ized by this resolution may be not in itself very
considerable; but in its progress it has already
stretched from Alabama to Georgia. How much
further it may extend will be seen hereafter. 1
turn my eyes away from the prospect of it now,
but am prepared to meet the emergency, if it
should come, with all the resources of the Treas-
ury.
feut, sir, I shall not vote for this relief to the
suffering inhabitants of Alabama and of Georgia
upon the ground on which the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Lewis] and the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Thompson] have been dis-
posed to place it. Little reason have the inhab-
itants of Georgia and of Alabama to complain
that the Government of the United States ha3
been remiss or neglectful in protecting them from
Indian hostilities; the fact is directly the reverse.
The people of Alabama and Georgia are now suf-
fering the recoil of their own unlawful weapons.
Georgia, sir—Georgia, by trampling upon the
faith of our national treaties with the Indian
tribes, and by subjecting them to her State laws, j
first set the example of that policy which is now
in the process of consummation by this Indian
war. In setting this example, she bade defiance
to the authority of the Government of the nation;
she nullified your laws; she set at naught your ¡
Executive and judicial guardians of the common
Constitution of the land. To what extent she
carried this policy, the dungeons of her prisons
and the records of the supreme judicial court of
the United Sutes can tell. To those prisons she
committed inoffensive, innocent, pious ministers
of the Gospel of Truth, for carrying the light, the
comforts, and the consolations of that Gospel to
the hearts and minds of these unhappy Indians.
A solemn decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States pronounced that act a violation of
your treaties and of your laws. Georgia defied
that decision; your Executive Government never
carried it into execution; the imprisoned mis-
sionaries of the Gospel were compelled to pur-
chase their ransom from perpetual captivity by
sacrificing their rights as freemen to the meekness
of their principles as Christians; and you have
sanctioned all these outrages upon justice, law,
and humanity, by succumbing to the power and
the policy of Georgia, by accommodating your
legislation to her arbitrary will; by tearing to
jtaltcis your old treaties with the Indians,and by
constraining them, under peine forte el dure, to
the mockery of signing other treaties with you,
which, at the first moment when it shall suit
your purpose, you will again tear to tatters and
scatter to the four winds of Heaven, till the In-
dian race shall be extinct upon this continent,
and it shall become a problem beyond the solu-
tion of antiquaries and historical societies what
the red man of the forest was.
This, sir, is the remote and primitive cause of the
present Indian war; your own injustice sanctioning
and sustaining that of Georgia and Alabama. This
system of policy was first introduced by the pres-
ent administration of your national Government.
It is directly the reverse of that system which had
been pursued by all the preceding administrations
of this Government under the present Constitu-
tion. That system consisted in the most anxious
and persevering efforts to civilize the Indians; to
attach them to the soil upon which they lived; to
enlighten their minds; to soften and humanize
their hearts; to fix in permanency their habita-
tions; and to turn them from the wandering and
precarious pursuits of the hunter, to the tillage of
the ground; to the cultivation of corn and cotton;
to the comforts of the fireside; to the delights of
honu. This was the system of Washington and
of Jefferson, steadily pursued by all their suc-
cessors, and to which all your treaties and all
your laws of intercourse with the Indian tribes
were accommodated. The whole system is now
broken up; and instead of it, you nave adopted
that of expelling by force or by compact, all the
Indian tribes from their own territories and dwell-
ings, to a region beyond the Mississippi, beyond
the Missouri, beyond the Arkansas, bordering
upon Mexico; and there you have deluded them
with the hope that thev will find a permanent
abode—a final resting place from your never-end-
ing rapacity and persecution. There you have
undertaken to lead the willing and to drive the
reluctant, by fraud or by force; by treaty, or by
the sword and the rifle, all the remnants of the
Seminóles, of the Creeks, of the Cherokees, of
the Choctaws, and of how many other tribes I
cannot now stop to enumerate. In the process
of this violent and heartless operation, you have
met with all the resistance which men in so help-
less a condition as that of the Indian tribes could
make. Of the immediate causes of the war, we
are not yet fully informed; but I fear you will find
them, like the remoter causes, all attributable to
yourselves. It is in the last agonies of a people
forcibly torn and driven from the soil which they
had inherited from their fathers, and which your
own example, and exhortations, and instructions,
. and treaties, had riveted more closely to their
hearts; it is in the last convulsive struggles of their
despair, that this war has originated; and if it
brings with it some portion of the retributive
, justice of Heaven upon our own people, it is our
melancholy duty to mitigate, as far as the public
resources of the national Treasury will permit,
the distresses of the innocent of our own kindred
and blood, suffering under the necessary conse-
quences of our own wrong.   I shall vote for the
| resolution.
J Note.—This speech was delivered withoutpre-
| meditation or notes. No report of it was made
¡ by any of the usual reporters for the newspapers.
Mr. Adams has written it out himself from recol-
! lection, at the request of several of his friends, for
publication. It is, of course, not in the precise
i language used by him in the House. There is
i some amplification of the arguments which he
used, and perhaps some omissions, which have
escaped his recollection.   The substance of the
speech is the same.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
REMARKS OP HON. SILAS WRIGHT,
OF NEW YORK,
In the Senate, June 17, 1836.
The bill regulating the deposits of the Public Money
being under consideration, and the question being upon the
final passage of the lull-
Mr. WRIGHT said, his connection with the
subject generally, and with the bill under con-
sideration more especially, had compelled him to
take a more active part in the discussion than
had been pleasant to him or agreeable to the Sen-
ate; that he had refrained from any interference
with this important matter until any further
movement upon it had been expressly abandoned
by the honorable Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Calhoun,] who had first, and upon one of
the first days of the session, introduced a bill to
regulate the deposits in the banks-, that, after that
abandonment, he had called up the bill, and pro-
posed a substitute; that he had connected with
that substitute propositions for the temporary
investment of any surplus, beyond the probable
wants of the Treasury, which should be found
in the banks at the commencement of each quar-
ter of each year; that, subsequently to the offer
of these propositions, he had concluded that
the terms of investment were not sufficiently re-
stricted, and he had modified his provisions so
as to allow investments in the stocks issued by
the States only, and not in any other description
of stocks whatsoever; that, subsequently to this
time, the Senatorfrom South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
houn] had seemed to resume his interest in his
original bill, and had offered modifications of a
character calculated and intended to distribute
among the several States, in a proportion regu-
lated by their respective representations, not in
the House of Representatives, but in the Senate
and House of Representatives of the Congress of
the United States, all the moneys which might
remain in the Treasury upon a given day beyond
a sum to be fixed as the amount in the Treasury
for that day.
Subsequently to that time, various propositions
were laid before the Senate by different members
of the body, some of them containing new pro-
visions, and others amendments of those which
j had been previously submitted.    The question
was one of the first importance to the public and
; to the Treasury, as well as to the general interests
I of the whole community.    The currency of the
I country,  the   accommodations from   the  local
j banks, and consequently the prosperity of the
commercial interests, were directly involved in
our action.
Under these circumstances, the discussion upon
the great question of a regulation of the deposits
of the public money by law commenced. At the
opening of that discussion, Mr. W. said he had
given his general views upon the whole subject.
; His subsequent duties in the Senate, and as a
member of one of its important committees,
together with the accumulated duties devolved
upon him, connected with this bill, had prevented
him from being yet able to present those views
to the public; but he was now conscious that
relief was at hand, and he should soon find it in
his power to discharge that labor. Upon the
views then expressed by him, he should rest
himself for his general justification in the course
he had taken. It had been found, however, that
a great diversity of opinion prevailed in the Senate
as to the details of any bill, and that a recom-
mittal would be indispensable, to so far incorpo-
rate the various propositions, that the whole body
could act upon them with any facility. After two
days'discussion, that course had been suggested
by himself, and concurred in upon all sides of
the Senate. A select committee was therefore
appointed, and the bill, and all the amendments,
were referred to it, and the Senate had done him
the distinguished honor, upon an election by-
ballot, to place his name at the head of the com-
mittee as its chairman. The standing, and char-
acter, and talents of the members of that com-
mittee had caused him to doubt, at every step,
the soundness of his views, and the propriety of
his course, and the more especially so, as, upon
every question of difference of opinion in the
committee, he had found himself in the minority,
