1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
21th Cong....1st Sess.
Incendiary Publications—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
Mr. W. said he would now inquire, as briefly '
as i* \-? posMble, what further appropriations re-
main  d to b> traje toi the present \ ear, and which
he thought al would admit must be made.
And hete the first subpct which had demanded
in*! ro'Kp, was the lidian treaties which have
bt t ii raM.i.'d bv the St nate during its piesent ses-
sion He would enumerate but two, the tieaty
with the Chtrokit s,and with the Chippewasand
Oi'iw is. Th^setn UiesiequireJappiopnations,
at ¡east, to the following tx tints.
TheChe'olvie ticatv to tlu amount of $5,600,000
The Chiiintw i and Ottawa treaty to
the amount of...................   1,500,000
The fortifications had occupied much
of the attention of the present Con-
gress, but, as yet, nothing had been
appropriated towards them. The
Senate had sent a bill to the House
providing for the purchase of sites
and the commencement of new
works, and appropriating lor that
obp-ct about.....................    1,100,000
A bill was pending before the House
to prov ide for continuing the work
upon the existing fortifications, and
proposing  to appropriate for   that
object about.....................   2,250,000
A biii tor the continuation of the Cum-
berland road had been sent from the
Senate to the House, proposing ap-
propriations for that object to the
amount of.......................      600,000
Bills were before the two Houses,
and most of them had passed the
one House or the other, for die im-
provement of roads in the Territo-
nes, amounting to about..........       150,000
A bill had come fiom the House to
the Senate to provide for construct-
ing a frontier road along the western
frontier of the United States, and
appropriating for that object......      100,000
Two bii.s, which usually meet the
favorable action of Congress at
every session, and more especially
at the long session, the one for the
improvement ot harbors and rivers,
and the other for the ereetion of
light-houses, light-boats, beacons,
buoys, tic, are before the House,
proposing to appropriate tor these
objects..!....._..................   1,500,000
Provision has been made annually,
and it is presumed w ill bp made this
year, for the compensation of cus-
tom-house officers, which calls for
an expenditure of about..........      200,000
A bill is now before the House to pro-
vide fjr the increased expenditure
at the mints, and proposes to appro-
priate...........................        50,000
Further appropriations must be made
for the Seminole and Creek wais,
and the least sum estimated to be
ntcessary is.....................   3,000,000
TIip estimated amount of appropria-
tions by private and local bills not
enumerated above, and beyond the
§100,000 included in the first state-
ment, is.........................    1,450,000
This presents an aggregate of appro-
priations to be made, all of which
are supposed to be to some extent
necessary, and even indispensable,
to the public interests, equal to.... 17,500,000
Take from this amount the above
balance in the Treasury, after de-
ducting the outstanding appropria-
tions, to wit.....................   4,379,772
And there will remain to be charged
upon the moneys to be received into
the Treasury after the 6th of June
instant, the sum of...............$13,120,228
There was another class of appropriations of a
public character, which he thought ought to pass,
and he hoped might pass before the adjournment
of Congress. One of these measures was the
filling up of the ranks of the Army, and which,
if successful, he supposed would incur an annual
expenditure of at least..............$1,000,000
Several bills were before Congress for
the election of new custom-houses,
some of which, and especially one
at Xew Oueans, and at one or two
other points, he hoped would pass,
and they would appropnate about .      300,000
Bills were before Congrí.ss, and surely
ought to pass, for rebuilding the
Treasury buildings, and there was
asked for that object, for the present
\ car............................      250,000
A bill was also now before the Senate
recommending the erection of a fire
pioof building for the Patent Oifice,
and proposing to appropriate for
that ob]ect something moie than...      100,000
Several bills weie before the two
Houses of Congiess to provide for
the election of newmanne hospitals,
and he supposed some of them would
meet our favorable action. He had
estimated that the appiopnations
for these objects would be.........        50,000
Bills were before Congress to remit
the duties upon goods destroyed by
fire in the original packages, many
of which he thought ought to pass,
and would appropriate, if they did
pass, at the least.................   1,100,000
A bill is now before Congiess pro-
posing to advance the unpaid indem-
nities under the treaties with France
and Naples This bill would be
eminently calculated, to its extent,
to relieve the present mercantile
pressure, and ought to pass. It
would appropriate about..........   4,000,000
A bill has passed the Senate,and been
sent to the House, to purchase the
remaining stock held by private
stockholders in the Louisville and
Portland Canal Company, and ap-
propriating for that object........      750,000
Here, then, is a further amount, un-
provided for, except by future re-
ceipts into the Treasury, of.......   7,550,000
Add to this the balance,unprovided for
except by future receipts into the
Treasury, as shown by the result
of the last preceding calculation.... 13,120,228
And we have an amount of existing
and probable appropriations,beyond
any means now in the Tieasury,
equal to.........................$20,670,228
Mr. W. said he did not say that these appro-
priations would all be made. He did not believe
they would all be made, but he had intended to
select, with care and caution, such only as were
presented to Congress with stiong claims; of
many of them he ^ould say with claims which
seemed to him almost, if not altogether, irresist-
ible. He would then ask gentlemen who dis-
puted his conclusions, to point out the important
bills he had enumerated, which would not and
ought not to pass. He had given particular ref-
erence to the measures, and he hoped they would
put their fieger upon those which they would
oppose        ______________________^_
INCENDIARY PUBLICATIONS.
DEBATE  IN THE  SENATE,
June 8, 1836,
Upon the question, " Shall the following bill pass'" to wit •
Be it enacted, S¡c, That it shall not be lawful for any
deputy postmaster, in any State, Territory, or district of
the United Stiles, knowingly t) deliver to any person what
ever, any pamphlet, newspaper, handbill, or other printed
paper or pictorial representation touching the subject of
slavery, where, by the laws of the said State, Territory, or
district, their circulation is prohibited; and any deputy
postmaster who «hall be guiltj thereof, shall be lorthwith
removed fiom office
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That nothing '"the
acts of Congress to establish and regulate the Post Office
Department, shall he construed to protect an} deputy post
master,mail carrier, or other officer or agentof said Depart-
ment, who shall knowingly circulate, in any State, Tern-
!   tory, or diatnet, as aforesaid, any such pamphlet, newspaper,
handbill, or other printed paper or pictorial representation,
foi bidden by the law  ot such State, Territory, or rii-ti let
Sec 3 Jind he it tuither enacted hy the authority njjre-
said. Tint tlu deputy po«tmastns ot til* offices ulicic the
pnmphlets, newspapers, handbills, or other pnntul pipéis
or pictonil rcpiesentition" atore«aid, may anive for deliv-
ery, shall, under the instructions ot the Postmaster Gdienl,
Iroin tune to tune givenotKt of tin same.«o that tin y in iv
be wilhdiauu h\ t:c person who d^pOMri d thf m oii^imhv
to bp miih d, and it the «une t-hall not be withdrawn in
one month thercalter, shall be burnt or otherwise dt
stiojed
Mr. WEBSTER addiessed the Senate at lrngih
in opposition to the bill, commencing his argu-
ment against what he contended was its vague-
ness and obscunty in not sufficiently defining
what were the publications, the en dilation of
which it intended to prohibit. The bill provided
that it should not be lawful for any deputy post-
master, in any State, Territory, or Distuct of the
United States, knowingly to deliver to any person
whatever, any pamphlet, newspaper, handbill, or
other printed paper or pictorial representation,
touching the subject of slavery where, by the
laws of the said State, District, or Territory,
their circulation was prohibited. Under this
provision Mr. W. contended that it was impos-
sible to say what publications might not be pro-
hibited from cnculation. No matter what was
the publication, whether for or against slavery—
if it touched the subject in any shape or form, it
would fall under the prohibition. Even the Con-
stitution of the United States might be prohibited;
and the person who was clothed with the power
to judge in this delicate matter was one of the
deputy postmasters who, notwithstanding the
difficulties with which he was encompassed in
coming to a correct decision, must decide cor-
rectly, under pain of being removed from office.
It would be necessary also, he said, for the deputy
postmasters referred to in this bill to make them-
selves acquainted with all the various laws passed
by the States, touching this subject of slavery,
and to decide on them, no matter how variant
they might be with each other.
Mr. W. also contended that the bill conflicted
with that provision of the Constitution which
prohibited Congress from passing any law to
abridge the freedom of speech, or of the press.
What was the liberty of the press' he asked. It
was the liberty of printing as well as the liberty
of publishing, in all the ordinary modes of pub-
lication; and was not the circulation of papers
through the mails an ordinary mode of publica-
tion' He was afraid that they were in some
danger of taking a step in this matter that they
might hereafter have cause to regret, by its being
contended that whatever in this bill applies to
publications touching slavery, applies to other
publications that the States might think proper to
prohibit; and Congress might, under thisexample,
be called upon to pass laws to suppress the circu-
lation of political, religious, or any other descrip-
tion of publications which produced excitement
in the States. Was this bill in accordance with
the general force and temper of the Constitution
and us amendments' It was not in accordance
with that provision of the instrument under
which the fieedom of speech and of the press
was secured. Whatever laws the State Legisla-
tes might pass on the subject, Congress was
íestrained from legislating in any manner what-
ever in regard to the press. It would be admitted
that if a newspapei came directed to him, he had
I a propeity in it; and how could any man, then,
I take that propeity and burn it without due form
of law? and he did not know how this news-
paper could be pronounced an unlawful publica-
tion, and having no property in it, without a
legal trial.                                      .
Mr. W. argued against the right to examine
into the nature of pubhcations.sent to the post
office, and said that the right of an individual in
his papers, was secured to him in every free coun-
try in the world. In England, it was expressly
provided that the papers of the subject shall be
free from all unreasonable searches and seizures
—language (he said) to be found in our Consti-
tution. This principle, established in England,
so essential to liberty, had been followed out in
France, where the right of printing and publishi-
ng was secured in the fullest extent; the indi-
vidual publishing being amenable to the laws for
what he published; and every man printed and
