1936.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
•J 1th Cono....1st Sess.       Incendiary Publications—Mr. Davis, Mr. Grundy, Mr. Clay.
Senate.
TI o Senator from Massachusetts has contended I
t'iat a íy newspaper w hich had been sent to an
individual by mail, and was dtposited in a post
off.ee, was 1 is piopeitv , and we had, therefore,
no ru'u u  - íy it should not be delivered. But
tiu  was bt_rgm  the question. It was taking
thai un sran.td which leinained to be proved, li
Con.; s, as he (Mr B.) hid contended, pos-
sessed the incontestable power of declaring what
should md wha  should not beeiiculated through
t'n m ii a, no mu eould hav e the i íght to demand
fieri am post orhce tint which t!ie law had de-
clared s..ou!d not tnus be cuculated. If we can,
wiuuutv i itau the Constitution, s*iy that these
i..' imm xte ry publicaron , tending to excite ser-
vile w.u, sh.nl not be distubuted by our post-
ulasteis among the individuals to whom they are
din-tci', no question of pioperty could then
aris -. No man can ha\e a property in that
which is a uoliUüii of law. It then becomes a
«Hiesti >n, iK i of property, but of public safety.
Adin.t the gentleman's piemises, that we have
no right to |ia--s any law upon this sub|ect, and
lie cj i establish his position that a property
exists in those publications whilst in the post
offices "Without this admission, his argument
entirely fails.
lie t\li as reluctant as any man could feel, to
vote il r any law mteifering with the circulation
through t'li mails of any publication whatever,
rj i .at'.er what might be its chatacter. But if
the slaves within any southern State were m
rebel ion, or if a palpable and well-founded dan-
ger of such a rebellion existed, with his present
conwctie.rs, s lould he refuse to prevent the cir-
cu'.aue i of pub'ications tending t:> encourage or
excite insurrection, he would consider himself an
accomplice in their guilt. He entertained no
doubt winterer of the power of Congress to pass
this bill, or of the propriety of exeicising that
power. He would not have voted for the bill
which had been reported by the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Cíliioin,] because he
thought n a measure far beyond what was re-
quired by the necessity of the case. This bill,
whilst it was sufficiently strong to correct the
evil, woald Le routined in its opeiation to those
States wiimn which the danger existed.
Mr DAVIS stated at length his objections to
the passage of the bi'I. Senatois assumed that
there w is ro difficulties in the way, because the
post office power gave to Congress the right to
decide what should be carried in the mails. On
a fornii r occasion, he had said all that was proper
in regaid to this matter. He then drew the atten-
tion of the Senate to the constitutional question
i ívolved, and demonstiated, as he thought, that
there was no authority in the Constitution to
j 138 this bill,or anything like it. The language
of the Constitution was very simple* it only said
that Congress should have the power to establish
jiost offices and post loads. Now, what was a
post office, in the meaning of the Constitution'
To understand tins,it would bene cessary to ascer-
tain what was the meaning held at the time the
Constitution w as adopted. You had a post office
at the time the Constitution was made, and a pi ess
also, and the provision in the Constitution was
made in reference to both these known things.
The ob]ect in establishing the post office, then,
-was to send abroad intelligence throughout the
country, and it was intended for the transmission
of newspapers, pamphlets, judicial and legislative
proceedings, and all matters emanating from the
press, relating to politics, literature, and science,
and for the transmission of private letters. It
would be, therefore, in his opinion, in conflict
w lth the provision of the Constitution giving Con-
grega the power to establish the post office, as
well as an abridgement of the freedom of the
press, to carry into effect the provisions of the
bill.                                                                      J   ,
The Senator from Pennsylvania reiterated the
argument used the other day by his friend from
Georgia, that you have no right to diffuse publi-
cations, through the agency of the post office, for
the purpose of exciting a servile war. How let
me tell the gentleman, (said Mr. D.,) that this is
an old argumr rit against the liberty of the press,
and that it has been used whenever it was thought
necessary to establish a censorship over it. The
public morals were said to be in danger; it was
necessary to prevent licentiousness, tumult, and
sedition; and the public good íequned that the
licentiousness of the press should be íestiained
All these vv ere the plausible pie tenses under which
the fieedom of the press had been violated in all
eyes. Now, they knew that the press was at all
times couupt, but when they came to decide the
question whethei the taies should be rooted up,
and the wheat along with it, those who had de-
cidid in favor of liberty had always decided that
it was bettei to put up with a lesser evil than to
diaw down upon themselves one of such fearful
magnitude as must lesult fiom the destruction of
the press. Mi. D. contended that the power to
be given to the deputy postmasters, to decide
what should and what should not be distubuted
fiom the post office, gave them a dangerous dis-
cretion over a very delicate mattei, and that the
power was one highly susceptible of abuse, and
always hablo to misconstiuction.
Mi GRUNDY obseived that this bill was
intended simply to pievent any officer of the
Government, who should violate the laws of the
States in which he resided, fiom sheltcung him-
self under the post office law. As the bill now
stood, the objections with regard to abudging the
fieedom of the piess had no application whatever.
There was no provision in the bill interfering
with the punting oi publishing any matter what-
evei, noi was it even pretended that Congress
possessed the power of doing so. It was not
even said that certain publications, no matter
how incendiary in their character, should not be
deposited in the post office, and transmitted
thiough the mails. Therefoie, all the objections
that he had heard to the bill fell to the ground.
In tins bill the Government simply said to the
individual in us employ, " We will not help you
to do an act in violation of the laws of the State
in which you live." That was the ground on
which the bill was framed, and it could not be
pietended that this was an abridgement of the
liberty of the press. It was only the Government
declining to assist an individual in the violation
of the law, and that was the whole bill. The
Government, under the Constitution, had an
entire control of the Post Office Department. It
had the power to regulate what matters should
be carried through the mails, and what should
not. We say to everybody that to these slave-
holding States you may tiansmit through the
mails what you please, but it you transmit to one
of our officers what is prohibited by the laws of
the State in which he resides, we shall say to that
officer, you shall not put on the mantle of the
Government to assist you in the violation of that
law, you shall be subject to the penalties of the
State laws, besides íemoval fiom office. In fact
theie was not the slightest pietext for saying that
this bill violated in the remotest degiee the free-
dom of the press. Nothing should be carried in
the mails but what was proper foi transmission
thiough them; but if theie was anything sent
through them tending to excite msuriection and
bloodshed, how could theie be an objection to
the passage of a law saying that it should not be
delivered out fiom the post office.
The gentleman fiom Massachusetts objected to
the vagueness of the bill in saying what shall not
be distubuted fiom the post offices How could
the mattei (he asked) be made more specific'
When the publication arrived at the post office
! whcie it was prohibited, and was about to be
handed out, the State law would be consulted,
and by it it would be decided whether it was in
violation of the State law or not, and it could
thus be determined whether it was proper for de-
livery. He should not say anytning as to the
report; he did not concur in it further than that
this was a great evil, and should be corrected in
the mildest way that it could be done. This bill
did not affect any individual but those of the post
offices of the States where laws had been passed
prohibiting publications and pictonal representa-
tions calculated to excite insurrection among the
slaves. He was opposed to the original bill, be-
cause it interfered with w hat publications should
be deposited in, as well as delivered from, the
post offices. But it was only at the delivery office
where this bill would operate, and the postmaster
at such office would be operated on by the laws
of the State in which it was situated.   If this bill
was not passed nothing could be done, and the
post office would be made (for there weie persons
wicked enough to do it) the medium through
vv Inch to send firebrands throughout the country.
Mr CLAY said that he considcied this bill
totally unnecessary and uncalled for by public
sentiment, and in this he differed with the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mi. Blcha^an,] for he be-
lieved that the Piesident's message on the subject
had met with gpneral disapprobation, that it was
unconstitutional; and, if l.ot so, that it contained
a pnnciple of a mi st dangerous and alarming
chaiactei When he saw that the exeicise of the
most extraoidinaiy and dangerous power had
been assumed by the lit ad of the Post Office, and
that it had been sustained by this message, he
turned his attention to the subject and inquired
whether it was necessary that the General Gov-
ernment should, under any circumstances, exer-
cise such a power, and whether he possessed it;
and, aftei much íeflection, he had come to the
conclusion that they could not pass any law m-
teifcnng with the subject in any shape or form
whatever.
The evil complained of was the circulation of
papers having a certain tendency. The papers,
unless circulated, did no harm, and while in the
post office or in the mail—it was a circulation
solely which constituted the evil. It was the
taking them out of the mail, and the use that was
to be made of them, that constituted the mischief.
Then it was perfectly competent to the State
authorities to apply the íemedy. The instant
that a prohibited papei was handed out, whether
to a citizen or sojourner, he was subject to the
laws which might compel him either to surrender
them or bum them. He considered the bill not
only unnecessary, but as a law of a dangerous,
if not a doubtful authority.
It was objected that it was vague and indefinite
in its character; and how is that objection got
over' The bill provided that it shall not be
lawful for any deputy postmaster, in any State,
Territory, or Distuct of the United States, know-
ingly to deliver to any peison whatever, any
pamphlet, newspaper, handbill, or other printed
paper or pictorial representation, touching the
subject of slavery, where, by the laws of the said
State, Territory, or District, their circulation is
prohibited. Now, what could be more vague
and indefinite than this description > How could
it be decided by this description what publications
should be withheld fiom distribution' The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania said that the laws of
the States would supply the omission. He
thought the Senatoi was premature in saying
that there would be precision in State laws,
befoie he showed it by producing the law. He
had seen no such law, and he did not know
whether the description in the bill was applicable
or not. There was another objection to this
part of the bill; it applied not only to the present
laws of the States, but to any future laws they
might pass.
Mr C denied that the bill applied to the slave-
holding States only, and went on to argue that it
could be applied to all the States, and to any pub-
lication touching the subject of slavery whatever,
whether for or against it, if such publication was
only piohibited by the laws of such State Thus,
for instance, a non-slaveboldim: State might pro-
hibit publications in defense of the institution of
slaveiy, and this bill would apply to it as well as
to the laws of the slaveholding States, but the
law would be inoperative; it declared that the
deputy postmaster should not be amenable, unless
he knowingly shall deliver, &c. Why, the post-
master might plead ignoiance, and of course the
law would be inoperative.
But he wanted to know whence Congress de-
rived the power to pass this ¡aw. It was said
that it was to carry into effect the laws of the
States Where did they get such authority' He
thought that their only authority to pass laws
was in pursuance of the Constitution; but to pass
laws to carry into effect the laws of the States,
was a most prohfic authority, and there was no
knowing where it was to stop; it would make the
legislation of Congress dependent upon the legis-
lation of twenty-fourdifferentsovereigntics He
thought the bill was of a most dangerous tendency.
The Senator from Pennsylvania asked if the post
