1836]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Paries.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. Speaker. I am under the perfect conviction
that, as the ievyins these duties ¡>o far exceeded
the wants of the Government, to favor a few at
the expanse of the many, had well nigh involved
us in civil war, so the distribution of sums so
large must threaten the parity of the public func-
tionaries, and corrupt all the channels of virtue
and informaron to the people, and cause our
simple republican institutions to totter on their
foundations.
Mr. Speaker, sums as large as these cannot be
sale anywhere—either in regard to themselves
(looking only to their own security) or in regard
to the purity of those who' may be tempted by
them. Sir, ;s there anything in the tariff com-
promise which will justify us to go on taxing
the people, when the very sums collected will
hazard the poace and security of the Union, and
endanger everything that can be dear to freemen ?
IMr. Boclcim's remarks were not concluded
when the orders of the day again arrived, and he
was prevented from bringing them to a close.]
PENSIONS TO INDIAN FIGHTERS.
REMARKS OF HON. R. BOON,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,           |
JuneU, 1836,
Made in Committee of the Whole; the subject then under
consideration being a proposition made by Mr. C. Allan
to extend the provisions of the pension system to all those
who were engaged in the Indian wars from the year 1781
to 1795.
Mr. BOON said that he would detain the com-
mittee but a very short time, as his only object
in rising was to reply very briefly to the objections
■which had been urged against the measure pro-
posed by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Mann,] for whose opinions Mr. B. said he had
a very high regard. The gentleman from New
York had stated, that to extend the pension sys-
tem lo the three months' men, and to those who ¡
were ensraged in the Indian wars, would be a
drain upon the Treasury of'more than four mil-
lions of dollars. Sir, (said Mr. B.,) suppose
this estimate to be correctly stated, for what
better or nobler purpose could such an amount
of trie public treasure be expended? When I first
came into Congress, some ten years since, the
old Indian fighters who then stood at the bar of
this House, and petitioned Congress to compen-
sate them for services rendered in defense of their
country, and for property taken and destroyed
by the enemy, were then told that they might go
home to live in penury and want the remaining
remnant of their days, as there was a large
national debt to pay, and an empty Treasury to
meet it.
Now, sir, we are told that there is in the
Treasury of the United States some forty or fifty
millions of dollars, over and above the wants of
the Government; and yet justice is withheld by
the Government from those who have fought the
battles of their country, and who, from old age
and other causes, are unable to make a comfort-
able support for themselves and their families.
Many of them hare gone down to their graves,
and have left a helpless widow, with a family of
small children, thrown upon the cold charity of
the world for support. Who, I ask, Mr. Chair-
man, braved the bloody tomahawk and scalping-
knife of a savage foe, and gave rise to the settle-
ment and value of your vast public domain, which
now yields annually to your Treasury millions
and millions of dollars ? Sir, it was the citizen
soldiert of the West. Sir, they are the sons and
grandsons of the revolutionary heroes of the old
thirteen States of the Union. And now that your
Treasury is full to overflowing, shall a just reward
for their patriotic services be longer withheld ? 1
trust not. Shall we now, for the purpose of
creating a large twrplui revenue, to be distributed
among the several States of the Union, thereby
creating a host of stipendiary pensioners upon the
Treasury, who never performed one hour's ser-
vice to their country, turn a deaf ear to the peti-
tions and well-founded and just claims of these
meritorious men, who, by their sacrifices and
deeds of noble daring, have contributed so much
to our present prosperous and happy condition
as a nation.
I, Mr. Chairman, would most cheerfully give
my vote to appropriate the last dollar of the sur-
plus revenue in the Treasury in compensating
those who have performed service in the defense
of their country. I appeal to gentlemen of the
northern and southern States of this Union, where
so many millions of dollars of the public treasure
have been expended for public services rendered,
and for the defense of the Atlantic sea-board, to
do justice to the western States. I mean the old
soldiers who have been mainly instrumental in
giving settlement and value to your vast public
domain. Giant the poor pittance asked for by
the friends of this amendment to your pension
laws, and, sir, you not only have performed an
actof sheer justice toa most meritorious class of
our fellow-citizens, but, sir, you and your Gov-
ernment will have the lasting gratitude of the
surviving soldier, and of the surviving widows
and children and grand-ichjldren of those patriot
soldiers who have been gathered home to their
fathers. Sir, let it not be said that this Govern-
ifient has subjected itself to the charge of injustice
or ingratitude towards its faithful sustaiuers.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
REMARKS OF HON. G. PARKS,
OF MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
Jxtne 22, 1836,
On the bill regnlatm;  the deposits, a part of i*hich pro-
vides for the distribution of the public money among the
States, and on the amendment to the same providing that
[he State treasuries should be the depositories of the
public money.
Mr. PARKS said:
Mrt. SVeaíér: t am well aware of the determ-
ination of this House to pass the bill now, before
us, of its anxiety to do so immediately, and its
unwillingness to listen to any remarks upon the
subject. But, sir, as I intend to voté against this
bill whether amended as proposed or not, it is a
duty I owe to myself as well as to my constitu-
ents to give, in a very succinct manner, some of
the reasons which impel me to do so. I am well
aware that I have no right to expect the. atten-
tion of this House, indisposed as it is to listen to
gentlemen far more able than myself, frorrt_ any
power of arguments that I can offer, or from inge-
nuity of arrangement, or for any eloquence of
manner with which I can enforce them; I can
only hope it from that kind courtesy whiih this
House is ever willing to extend to one who sel-
dom obtrudes his views upon them, and never
long.
And, sir, in the first place I beg leave tó extend
my thanks to the honorable gentleman from.
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] for the frankness with
which he has spoken of this bill by what I con-
ceive ought to be its title. In hfa remarks, he
observed he would speak of it " as everybody
here understands it, "as t donation to the
States." That it is so in tnjth and reality, is
one of the reasons why I shall vote against it.
Sir, I deny the right of this Federal Government
to raise money from the people, either by taxa-
tion or otherwise, to be distributed among and
given to the several States of this Union. I ask
any one to lay his hand on the Constitution, and
point out this power—you will look in vaio for it.
It is not in the book, nor do I know that' any
one pretends that it exists. Gentlemen S4y,
however, that by the operation of this bit! and
the amendment about to be adopted, no such
thing as a donation to the States takes place,
but that the treasuries of the several States are
merely made depositories for the safe-keeping
of the public moneys, in the same manner that
certain local banks now are. This would be true,
provided it was intended or expected that the
treasuries of the several States should ever be
called upon to repay this money. Sir, every one
within the hearing of my voice knows that such
is not the expectation of a single member of this
House who will vote for the bill, however differ-
ent the final result may be. Do we not all know,
if the present feeling of this House should be
transmitted to future Congresses, that the first
movement of the Secretary of the Treasury to
call back a single cent of this miscalled deposit,
would be promptly prohibited by a large majority
of both Houses of Congress? Can any man
doubt that this would be the result? Let us look
back to the days of the Confederation, and re-
member with what difficulty money sufficient to
support the Government of the then existing
Congress was obtained from the States. When
the requisitions were made,some would complain
that their share of the general fund to be raised
was too much; others would plead poverty, and
agree to pay a part; others asked for time, and
some, I believe, refused to pay at all. I believe
that to this very chiy l^rge sums of-money are
due, and unpaid, of the sums called for by the
Continental Congress; and what are we now
about to do, but to resort to that very system, in
theory, to avoid the evils of which tne Constitu-
tion of the United States was formed ? Sir, in
my view of the case  it would be better, when
we have too much money on band, to reduce the
tariff, to relieve the hard-working people of this
country from taxation, than thus to distribute it
to the several States, to be expended by their
Legislatures, a measure which I believe will be
like Pandora's box—but the mothqr of evils.
Mr. Speaker, a growing spirit of extravagance
and speculation is pervading our whole country.
Every man is seeking to live in some other manner
than by the honest labor of his own hands. This
spirit of speoulation, if report speaks truly, has
made rapid progress within these walls. The
moment this money shall have been distributed,
this spirit will'fly to the council chambers of
every State,a.nd tjieir legislative hallswilLexhibit
such scenes of strife and contest as to who and
what sections of the States shall obtain most of
the public plunder, wrung, every cent of it, in
some way or other, from the producing portions
<jf the community, as I, for one, dread to look
upon. But, farther, sir, the natural consequence
and tendency" of all this is to corrupt the people
themselves, Its tendency wilj be to induce thou-
sands to quit their happy, peacefulr.and prosper-
ous, though  laborious avocations,; to live and
gorge on public plunder. If corruption, hereto-
fore has existed in high places, it has been con-
fined to high places, and the people of the country
have ever had the power, as tWy have always
heretofore had the'disposition, when discovered,
to expelió We ought always, sir, to remember
that, the truest maxim'in political economy is to
take no more money from the pockets of the
people than is absolutely necessary for a safe and
healthy administration of the General Govern-
ment. By this bill, not content with overlooking
that maxim ourselves, we are about to tempt
every State government to do the same. This
large sum or money, thus suddenly thrown into
the treasuries of the States, to be disposed of by
their Legislatures, will induce them to commence
great and expensive "works of internal improve-
ment, which, when this money is exhausted, will
be left in an incomplete and unfinished state, and
heavy direct taxes will have to be laid upon the
people of the several States tp complete them, or
they .will apply tó Cqngresp for more money
through their representatives.
Sir, theTreasury of the Ünioa may not always
be in as plethoric a state as it is now, and how
will the deficiency be supplied ? By on. increase
of tie iurffi, sir.ita tttrtff. And are the people of
Maine'prepared for this? Arc the constituents
of gentlemen from' the South prepared for this?
And to this complexion, if this system goes on,
we must come at last. As I have before ob-
served, many of the State .Legislatures will be
encouraged to launch forth upon internal im-
provements, which they will w«it money to
complete} having got the taste of the public blood,
they will not be satisfied with the first debauch;
they will clamor for more; and the moment they
find the public Treasury exhausted, they will
demand that it «hall be replenished from the
pockets of the people by an increase of the tariff
of duties, and in this they will be most willingly
aided by the Representatives of our venerable
mother, Massachusetts, and by every manufac-
turer in this country. Do the gentlemen from
SouthCarolina flatter themselves that their boasted
