1S36.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
465
¿4th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Maryland Resolutions—Mr. Thomas.
Ho. of Reps.
presume, especially for the benefit of the people y
w ho'n w < , m p irt, n prcsi nt and as th< v w ould
re idilv corn 11 the ¡jross t rrois w huh tin gentle-
m in base unnuttti , 1t ould, with gnat propriety,
loavt tht w holt si tt It nu nt to be collected bythim,
but, «s I mi up, 1 will detain the House with a
ft w rt mirks
It in rt markable that he has not attempted to
jne-ti*'i t!ie toiulutt of th it part of tin people of
Maryland who puMst in n listing all amend-
ments of the constitution of that State, calcul Ued
to do |ustue to thost Mho are not only a very
large majority of the ptople, but who pav muth,
verv mm h, the larsft st proportion of all the rev-
enues that are colicett d by the State for public
puipoMs The truth is, this conduit of the
minority of tht people of Maryland, who have
accidental control of the Governim nt, is such, so
uniust, so tyrannical, and anti-Republican, that
it would bt an unpltusant task to dt ft nd it before
such an assemblairo as this It may be v indicated
before an audienci in one of the small counties, or
in the boroiurh of Annapolis, where your hearers
are deeply nHcrc¡-ttd in perpetuating these mon-
strous abusts, but m an asstmbly like this,con-
stituted as it is by men who have imbibed the
liberal doctrines of the age on the subject of the
rights of man, it would be indei d, to an ingenuous
man, a most odious and nksome task to vindicate
the antiquated and obnoxious constitution of
Maryland Avoiding a work of that character,
the gentlt man has thought proper to tender col-
lateral issues Fort seeing, perhaps, that he would
be discomfited in an attempt to show that the
Lesrisl Hurt of the State is so constituted as to be
authorized to speak for the people concerning
national politics, and apprehensive, probably, in
an effort to exhibit anything peculiar in the con-
dition of the people of Maryland that required
the majority to submit to the dominion of the
minority, h-1 has discreetly discussed other mat-
ters, meriting a passing notice.
The srrave ma'ter to which I shall advert is that
introduced in these words: " I will only refer you
to my colleague, [Mr. Thomas,] who sits by me
His political txpenence w lllinform you how easy
it is to have washed out the deepest dye of Fed-
eraban , even if derived from the blood of fore-
fathers."    In this the gentleman is mistaken     I
have not certainly the required experience in my
ow n person.     There has never been any " deep
dye of Federalism " to be washed out.    I have
never assumed, and have never felt the slightest
responsibility for the acts or principles of either
of the political parties of this country, done or
entertained before I reached manhood.    As to the
period when that occurred, it would be unkind to
compel me to speak with entire precision.    Being
a bachelor, and  of course more than five-and-
twent\ , (for without that I could not be here,) I
am of that age w hen a single man dislikes to tell
his birthday.   This I can say, however, I was not
born in 1798, and never had an opportunity to
vote for any Chief Maeistrate until I voted for
Gent ral Jackson in November, 1824    From that
time until now, I have continued to be an open,
ardent, undisguised member of that political party
w ith which I am now identified.    This party was
first organized and known in Maryland as the
Jackson party.    Since then it has assumed the
styleand title of the Democratic Republican paity,
and with that name emblazoned on our banner, we
will carry on the contest until my own native
State is regenerated and redeemed.    With this
change of name there has been no abandonment
of principle.    We organized in 1823, to aid in the
eleyation of General Jackson to the Presidency.
We reorganized in 1827, to vindicate the sover-
eignty of the people, assailed as it had been in
the election by Congress of an individual to the
Presidency who was not the choice of a majority
of the people.    And we have, under the adminis-
tration  of the  present Chief Magistrate,  done
much to harmonize the conflicting interests of the
country, brought into dangerous collision by the
rivalry of ambitious statesmen.   With tht politics
of my party associates, I am content.    Mary land
has always been hostile to a bi^h tariff—tht root
fjom whenct   has sprung most of tht bitter fruit
of which wt have been compelled to taste.    And
during my experience in Congress, four fifths of
No. 30
those with whom I act here aided to reduce the
taiilT, and nine tenths of the same party have, at
the prt suit session, resisted all attempts to agitate
that qutstion, which, above nil otluis, is danger-
ous to our peace, and to the duration of this Gov-
t mmt nt My colleague cannot ft licítate himself
in like mannt r. The National Republicans of
Maryland, of w horn he was one, being themselves
hostile to a high tarifl, struggled for years to elect
to the Presidí ncy its bold and talented champion,
thus inconsistently attempting to give vast powers
to the enemy of these principles, and to arm with
the veto power a man pledged solemnly to exert
ltforthe pieservation of that policy winch Mary-
land has alway s desired to overthrow. And the
sime party is now engaged m the forlorn undei
tiking to eleet General Harnson, while many of
his ti lends, in and out of Congress, are mischiev-
ously distracting its councils, and jeopardizing
the safety of a large portion of the population of
Mary land, by agitating out of place and unwisely
a disturbing and most delicate question
The matter m xt in order, on which the gentle-
man has dwelt so long, will be briefly disposed
of. He has undi rtake n to criticise the language
used by me when he presented the resolutions of
Maryland concerning the powei of either House
ofConsatss to expunge obnoxious matter fiom
its Journal, and insists that I was " mistaken"
when I declared that the contents of those lesolu-
tions did net induce me to object to thtir recep-
tion. If the gentleman had notforgotten his ow n
language, to which mine was in reply, the strange
misappuhcnsion of the import of my words,
which has caused this very idle discussion, could
not have existed. He had offered to present the
resolutions. I asked him to offer them when the
rules of the House did not forbid debate, and he,
in reply, signified that the subject-matter of the
resolutions was so unacceptable to me that I did
not desire to see it printed by the House; and
said he was ready to show that the opinions ex-
press! d by the State in the resolutions were well
founded. It was then that 1 declared I was mis-
undcistood, and that I "did not object to the
reception of the resolutions on account of then
contents "
This was tantamount to, and was intended to
be, a declaration, that I did not obiect to the re-
ception of the resolutions because they contained
matter of which I disapproved, or which I was
unwilling to see published. It was not my pur-
pose to inquire whether the House had, or had
not, the power to expunge from its Journal part
of the records of its proceedings. Itwasnotmy
purpose to oppose the printing of these resolu-
tions on a proper occasion; and hence I desired
to correct a misapprehension of my colleague,
who I supposed thought that the " contents" of
the resolutions were so peculiarly offensive, I
was, on that account alone, unwilling to see them
either published or received
The report of my remarks in the Globe is (as I
have said) substantially con ect, and if the whole
of that report is taken into view, it does appear
to me, that there can be no excuse found for the
tedious comment with which one of its sentences
has been honored Take, for instance, into con-
sideration these sentences: " Mr. Thomas said it
was unnecessary to read them, (the resolutions )
He knew they professed to express the voice of
the people of Maryland " Now, whether they
attempted to give that voice as to one question or
another he should equally protest against their
reception " this morning." And. in a subsequent
part of the same report I ani represented to have
protested against the exhibition to the country
of any resolutions of the Maryland Legislature,
" as evidence that the people of the State are for
i or against any particular measure of national
i policy." Unquestionably these sentences ought
to be in contemplation of any one disposed to do
me justice, when construing that which has been
the subject of most unprofitable criticism. If this
be done, my meaning is apparent I "did not
object to the reception of the resolutions on ac
count of tht ir contents"—or, to speak with more
prt cisión,because they contained matter of which
I I disapproved, but because Un y were oíícrtd on
" that morning," when the rules forbid discus-
sion, and because they professed to express the
voice of the people of Maryland as to " one ques-
tion" of "national policy." That that objection
would have been made to then reception, at that
time, if they had had reference to any other ques-
tion of "national policy," isprovedfrom taefact
that I had also protested, that morning, against
the reception of the resolutions from Maryland
recommi ndmg a distribution of the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands Undoubtedly, if
eithei of those resolutions had contained opinions
in accordance with my own, I should have de-
volved on anotht r the duty of exposing the organic
character of the body from w horn they had eman-
ated; and in that event I should not have risen
in my place to claim for such resolutions that
which tin y could not be entitled to; but would
have frankly confessed that the Legislature of the
State (the membeis being apportioned without
regard to either population, territory, or taxation)
had no authority to express the opinions of a ma-
jority of the people.
Notwithstanding my reluctance to pursue this
discussion further, I cannot permit some other
passages of the public speech of the gentleman
to pass without comment. I am charged with
misrepresenting the people of the State, and even
of my own distnct, in being hostile to the pas-
sage of the land bill now on the table, which has
been sent to us from the Senate Before I con-
clude, I will make all who hear me understand,
that the gentleman, by making this charge, has
assumed a heavy responsibility, and has resorted
to most extraordinary measures to sustain it. To
prove that I am in an attitude hostile to the wishes
of those I have the honor to represent immedi-
ately, the gentleman avers that only two of the
members of the House of Delegates of Mary-
land from my district, and not one from the
county in which I reside, recorded their votes
against the lesolution which has been presented
here, recommending a distribution of the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands. The gentleman
well knows that the congressional district from
which I come is composed of two entire counties,
and of a part only of the county of which I am
a citizen The section of the county in which I
reside has, of course, no power to choose dele-
gates to the Legislature, except in conjunction
with that part of the same county represented
here by another gentleman, [Mr. Washington.]
This fact is well known to the gentleman, I sup-
pose. If it be not known to him, he is very ill—
informed indeed as to the political divisions of the
State, and ought not to treat of them until pos-
sessed of more accurate information Now, sir,
in this section of a county the friends of this
Administration constitute a most decided major-
ity. In it I have received, at three successive
elections, a large majonty of the votes At the
election of 1833, when it was distinctly under-
stood that I had beer hostile to the passage of the
land bill in the preceding Congress, and would,
if elected, vote against any and every similar
measure, I received in this section of a county
where I reside, a majority of the suffrages, ex-
ceeding eight hundred. If, then, all the delegates
from the two counties, composing in part the dis-
trict I represent, had voted for resolutions in the
Legislature approving of the principles contained
in the land bill on your table, will any fair man,
with a knowledge of the facts now detailed, con-
tend that their proceedings ought to control my
course > They were chosen by one body of con-
stituents—I have been elected by another.    They
I   represent two counties, while I represent those
|  two counties, and a portion of another.
II      But is it true that the delegates referred to have
voted fcr a resolution requesting the representa-
tion of Maryland in this House to vote for the
land bill  Assuredly not, sir. The resolution
which they have sanctioned has been published
in the speech of the gentleman, and is in these
words, viz:
" Rcaohed, That the Senator  and Representatives of
this State in the Congress of the United States be requeued
to use their exertions to procure the passage of a law to
appropriate to the use of the different States of the Union
such part of the proceeds of the public land  of the United
States, as maj be equitable and ju=t, and in accordance w ltti
the public interest "
There is certainly in this resolution latitude
enough.   The representatives of the State in this
