466
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
House and in the Senate are requested to dis-
tribute the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands to the use of tie different States, but the
piopoition to be given to each is not prescribed.
We ore requested to make such a distribution
'•as may be equitable and just." But then,
u hitherthn distnbution proposed to he made in
this land bill is " equitable and just," or not, we (
aie to di cidc Fuither, v\ e are requested to make
such a distribution as shall be " in accoi dance with
the puolic interest."
Well, who is to judge whether the action of the
land bill, if it should become a law, would accord
vv nil the public interest' Is not that question to
be decided here by the Representatives from the
States, each member to judge for himself, under
his responsibilities to his constituents and to the
country ? This resolution appears to have been
most cautiously worded. It commits no one very
far. It may have been voted for by enemies as
well as friends of this land bill. It cannot be neces-
sary to pursue further this argument, to prove
the gross injustice and absurdity of the charge,
that I am, by opposing, the passage of the land
bill, violating the known will of my constituents.
I ask indulgence for a few brief sentences, to
expose another extraordinary misapprehension
of the gentleman, and I will close my remarks.
He has said:
" Looking to her right* as well as to her interest, Maryland
has, upon all occasion", viewed this measuie (the distnbu
tion 0/ the proceeds of the pubh< lands) as one of the hurn
est importance ; and it has been approved by all political
parties In 1821, it received the sanction ofiTcderal Senate
and a Democratic House of Delegates; in 1832, it parsed
again both branches of the Legislature , and, in 1836, the
Van Buren and anti Van Buren parties united in support
of it, for the former did not dare to go against it Thus,
whenever it has been before the Legislature, amidst all the
conflicts of parties, the principles of the land bill have been
approved, and the people of Maryland have always sus-
tained their Representatives who advocated it "
There cannot be readily produced assertions
more completely unfounded than many that are
made in the sentences here quoted It is declared
that " the principles of the land bill have been
approved " by the Representatives of the people
of Maryland m their Legislature, in 1821, in
1832, and in 1836. Is this true > The gentleman
who has uttertd and published this statement no
doubt believes it to be tiue, but stubborn facts
can be produced to show the contrary.
What are the principles of the land bill' It is
before us. It provides that ten per cent, upon
the net proceeds of sales, within their respective
limits, since 21st of December, 1832, shall be
granted to each of the States of Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, Alabama, Missouri, Mississippi, and
Louisiana, over and above what each of the said
States is entitled to by the compact entered into
upon their admission into the Union.
It further proposes to grant to Mississippi,
Louisiana, and Missouri, five hundred thousand
acres each, to Indiana, one hundred and fifteen
thousand two hundred and seventy-two acres;
to Illinois, twenty thousand acres; to Alabama,
one hundred thousand acres; to be applied to in-
ternal improvements. And after this has been
done, the bill provides for the distribution of the
net proceeds of sales (after deducting the above
ten per cent, and the expenses of survey, &c.) of
the public lands among the twenty-foui States of
the Union, (including, of course, those to which
the above-named donations are to be made,) ac-
cording to their respective Federal representative
population. These are some of the most ímpor-
tantpnnciplesofthe land bill. Whether they were
"approved of" by the Legislature of Maryland
in 1832,1 know not. The proceedings of that
body, on that occasion, are not now before me.
I feel, however, authorized to speak more dis-
tinctly respecting the proceedings of the Legisla-
ture o{ that State in 1836. They are here, and
it will not be maintained that they contain any
evidence whatever that the principles of the land
bill, above recited, have been approved by the
Representatives of the people of Maryland. In-
deed, I venture to say, without the fear of con-
tradiction from any respectable quarter, that no
rooeedings of the Legislature of Maryland can
e produced, approving of further donations of
public lands to States that have been already
much favored in that way by this Government,
Maryland Resolutions—Mr. Thomas.
prior to the time when a distinguished statesman ¡
from the West became the advocate of such a
measure. On the contrary, I will show that the
opinions and proceedings of all parties in that
Legislatuie were directly antagomstical to any
such act on the part of the United States, until
Mr. Clay became the advocate of " the princi-
ples of the land bill," since which time his
friends and followers in Maryland have seen the
rights of the States thiough a new medium.
In 1820,-21, the following resolutions passed
the Senate of Maryland unanimously, and the
House of Delegates, with but two or three dissent-
ing voices, viz :
" Rcsohcd fcty the General Assembly of Maryland, That
each of the Tinted States has an equal right to participate
in the benefit of the public lands, a  common property of
the Union
" Resolved, That the States, in whose favor Congress
have not made appropriations of land tor the purposes of
| education, are entitled to such appropriations as will corre-
spond, in a just proportion, with those heretofore made m
favor of the other States "
In 1822 the author of these resolutions pub-
lished a report on the subject, in wluch he pro-
posed a plan by which the Atlantic States and
Kentucky might receive that benefit fiom the
public domain which was claimed for them exclu-
sively. The following extract from this report
will show what that plan was:
| '• Should Congress adopt this temtat tal apportionment
as the rule by which to as-certain the qu intitv to which the
Atlantic States and Kentucky are entitled, let them then i
authorize the President, by law, to cause to be selected out '
of such parts of the public domain as he may dpem expe-
dient, and to be laid off in the same mainer as military
bounty lands have heretofore been laid off, a number of
tracts m different parts of the public lands, which shall, in
the aggregate, make up the quantity required These lands
being distant from the Stales for whose benefit they ate
intended, and within the jurisdiction of other , cannot
either with advantage or convenience, be distributed among
them respectively, either tor rent or sale " "Let them,
then, be sold under the authority of Congress, according to
the laws regulating the sales of other public lands, at such
tunes, and in such quantities, as to them may ipp ir expe-
dunt, and let the pioceeds be paid o\cr, bv the Secretiry
otthe Treasury,to commissioners appointed by each of the
, States entitled to recewe a share, in fcuch proportions as
I maj be detei mined by Congress "
1 These, I piesumc, are the resolutions, to be
| executed as here proposed, to which the gentle-
man had íeference when lie said, "Thus,when-
I ' ever it (the distribution of the proceeds of the
' public lands) has been before the Legislature,
' amidst all the conflict of parties, the principles
' of the land bill have been appioved." This
declaration cannot but be considered, by all who
will compare the opinions of the Legislature of
Maryland as expressed in the above resolutions
in 1821, as "a bold assumption, contrary to the
facts." In proof of this, no argument can be
needed. Here are the Maryland resolutions of
1821.
We have given a synopsis of the land bill; and
" he who íuns may read" that the first measure
is in direct conflict with the principles of the latter.
The bill proposes to make liberal donations to the
new States. The íesolutions pioposed to make
donations of lands to the Atlantic btates, and to
Kentucky alone, and are founded, obviously, m
the belief that too much land had been granted in
1821 to those States to which the bill is intended
to secure more.
Having, as I hope, demonstrated that the charge
brought against me of misrepresenting my con-
stituents, and of disregarding the long-established
purposes of my State touching the national do-
main, is entirely unjust and unwarrantable, I will,
with a few comments on one other position as-
sumed by the gentleman, close my remarks. He
has stated that, at the presidential election of 1832, I
" the majority of the aggregate vote of the State
was upwards of one thousand votes against the
present incumbent." I had supposed that no
member of the party m Maryland which was
dominant in the Legislature in 1831-'32, would
make it necessary to advert to one of the causes
of the result of the presidential election of 1832,
which has been stated. But as it has been done',
I will state a few facts, and the House will jud°-e
whether that result was not produced by one of
the boldest political frauds that has ever been
perpetrated
Prior to the census of 1830, the three western
counties of Maryland formed one electoral dis-
Ho. of Reps.
trict, empowered to elect two electors of President
and Vice President. At the piesidential election
of 1828, General Jackson received the vote of that
district. By the reapportionment of representa-
tives by Congress, under the new census, Maiy-
land lost one member This rendered it neces-
sary for the Legislature of that State to reorganize
the electoral districts. It so happened that the
increase of population in the three w estern coun-
ties had been such as to entitle them to choose
two electors of President, notwithstanding the
increased ratio. If, therefore, the Whigs or Na-
tional Republicans, as they were then styled, had
been disposed to act fairly, they would not have
changed the boundaries of this district, unless it
had been done to establish a system of election
for electors of President by a general trcket.
Unfortunately for the rights of the people of
the three western counties, the result of the elec-
tions of 1831 served to show that the friends of
General Jackson had amajonty in these counties,
and that the election of 1832 would eventuate
probably as it had done at the presidential elec-
tion preceding. To prevent this, as I believe,
and to deprive General Jackson of the two elect-
oral votes which he would otherwise receive, the
Legislature of the State formed one electoral dis-
trict, by annexing to the three counties six other
counties and the city of Annapolis, wherein there
was a large majority of National Republican
voters, and gave to this new district power to
elect four electors. Not content with this pal-
pable violation of the rights of the people, the
Legislature adopted other disreputable means to 
secure a majority of the electors for Mr. Clay.
The county of Baltimore having a majority of
more than twelve hundred favoiable to General
Jackson, was made to form one district authorized!
to elect one elector. The city of Baltimore, where
the Republicans also largely preponderated, was
formed into another electoral district, with power
to choose two electors. This being done, all the
other counties of the State not included in the
above-named district were made to form another
district, entitled to choose .three electors; there
being every reason to believe, judging from past
elections, that there was a small majority of the
supporters of Mr. Clay therein. At first, the
Republicans of all parts of the State manifested1
a disposition to participate in the presidential
election, although they knew it would be vain to
attempt to deprive Mr. Clay of the seven electoral
votes that had been secured for him by the most
high-handed measure that has ever characterized
the legislation of any free community; and elect-
oral candidates were nominated by them accord-
ingly. Finally, the Republicans of Frederick,
alter full deliberation, decided that it did not be-
come them to go to the polls. The Legislature,
they thought, had virtually disfranchised them,
and made choice of the electors, and they were
unwilling to recognize the validity of the law by
which they had been deprived of their rights, by
going to the polls and passing through the mere
toimulas of an election. The gentleman who
had been nominated as an electoral candidate by
the friends of General Jackson in FredeVick
county declined being a candidate; and at the
election in November there were less than twenty
votes given to the Republican ticket, and less
than three thousand to the candidates friendly to
Mr. Clay, although there are more than seven
thousand legal voters in the county.
Of those seven thousand voters, nearly one half
are, and were, in 1832, friendly to the present
Chief Magistrate. It is not surprising, therefore,
that the aggregate vote of the whole State, for the
electoral candidates favorable to Mr. Clay, ex-
ceeded that given to the opposing ticket one thou-
sand, since at least three thousand of the friends
of General Jackson, m the county of Frederick,
indignantly refused to vote, while less than eight
hundred of their political opponents in the same
county were absent from the polls. History does
not furnish an instance of greater tyranny than
that which has been described. It has made an
indelible impression on the hearts of all its vic-
tims. They have now a general ticket system in
the choice of electors, and have a fair opportunity,
at the approaching presidential election, to make
their opponents feel this power.   1 will make no
