1936.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
*24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Sloven/ in Arkansas-
-Mr. Briggs.
Ho. of Reps.
prediction*, but will only say to my colleague,
and to tin- House, that the Repunhcws, the I
D> ivnxrx.ir lit pul he ins. of M¡u \ land, art in mo-
tion—rou«< d In tin it colhetion of nnin wrong1*;
and tint Vite will In .111 tiom the Atlmtie totht
All. gh inn s to thiow off that incubus -which his
lonZ«et-rhtd upon ht r In irt.
I owe \n ipolog\ for di taming the House so
Ion? on topics not conn 1 tt d with rs logi-littnn,
but I 1 ou'tt not t i«ilv. moie bneflv thin it has
been done, pi ice m; si If and nivpohtic.il frit mis,
in my i-t-u. . 111 our true positions, lespeeting the
matters di-cus-ed m the <<poiih of the gentleman.
M. V\FR\   IV   \RK\NS\S.
REMARKS OF HON. G. N. BRIGGS,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Iv the House or Represcítituts
June 8, 1^36,
Upon the amendment olTi red  by Mr. Adams to
tin. bill for tin Admission of Arkansas into the
Union.
Mr. Ad\ms moved to insert the following
words in the eighth section of the bill: "And
' nothing in this act shall bo construed as an as-
* sent bv Congress to the article in the constitution
' of the said ¡state 111 relation to slavery or the
' emancipation of slav es.''
Mr. BRIGGS said:
After having sat here twelve hours, he left the
House  exhausted, at ten  o'clock last evt mug.
At daylight this morning he was notified by one
of the messengers of the House that his attend-
ance was again desired.    When he entered the
Hall, he learned that the committee had just taken
up the bill for the admission of Arkansas into the
Union.     His respected colleague across the way
[Mr. Ab*ms]   was upon  the floor, having just
offered an amendment to the bill.    That amend-
ment related to an article in the constitution of
Arkansas on the  subject of slavery.    He knew
the committee had dragged out a long, a wearv
night, and were worn down with their protracted
labors; yet such was the magnitude of the sub-
ject, he felt  himself impelled by an   imperious
spnse  of duty to  submit a few remarks for the
consideration of the committee.    He was fully
aware that this subject of slavery was one of ex-
treme delicacy, and  its discussion in any form
was calculated to awaken the sensibilities of gen-
tlemen from the southern portion of the Union;
but he hoped he could speak of it in a manner
and with a temper that would not alarm the ap-
prehensions or wound the feelings of any gentle-
man on this floor.    Members from the South had
spoken of the institution of slavery and expressed
their opinions upon it with the utmost freedom.
Of this  he  did  not complain.     The  opinions
which they held he did not doubt were honestly
entertained.    They had grown up with them from
their infancy, and they   had their origin in the
deep-rooted institutions and laws in the midst of
which they were born.    He, and those whom he
represented, entertained opinions directly the op-
posite of those to which he had alluded     They
entertained  them with as much sincerity,  and
with as profound a conviction of their truth and
correctness, as actuated those who differed from
them.    He claimed for himself and those who
agreed with him the same right and privilege of
maintaining their views by fair arguments in this
House, as he conceded to those who were opposed
to them, and nothing more.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] who
preceded him, had said that the amendment
offered by his colleague was substantially a re-
vival of the Missouri question. He differed from
the gentleman upon this point entirely. The
proposition embraced in this amendment was al-
together unlike that which raised a tempest in
this Capitol, and shook Clns Union to its center,
in the discussion of the Missouri qurution He
should rf gr< t to see the ill blood and feaiful agi-
tation of that day again produced Th' re is
nothing in this anu ndment (alculated to had to
such ar< suit. In that eontiovcrsy there was a
direct proposition to impose upon the State of
Missouri, as a condition of her admission into the
Union, a positive restriction against the right and
power to hold slaves within the hmitsof her
territory.
But what, sir, is proposed by the amendment
of my colleague ' The people of Arkansas have
assembled 111 convention, and formed a constitu-
tion. They have come to thisCongiess and pie-
sented their claim for admission into tht Union
as a sovert ign State Tin y piesent that consti-
tution for our perusal and approval. On looking
into it, wc find in its ninth aiticle the following
clause:
"The General Assembh «hall have no pouer to p'i<m
laws tor the emancipation of slai es, u UhoiU the consent of
their owners ''
My colleague proposes to amend the eighth
section of the bill for " the admission of Arkan-
sas into the Union," by inserting the following
declaration: "And nothing in this act shall be
' construed as an assent by Congress to the article
' tn the constitution of the taid State in relation to
' slavery and the emancipation of slaves." It must
be seen at a glance that this simple, plain declara-
tion contains nothing of the principle which gave
rise to the Missouri controversy. In that case a
restriction was imposed upon Missouri, which
denied to that State certain rights and poweis
that, under the Constitution of the United States,
were possessed by other States. The advocates
of the State contended that Congress had no
authority to enforce that restriction or limitation
upon hfr sovereignty. This amendment does
not, in the slightest degree, abridge, restrain, or
in any manner interfere with the pierogative or
power of Arkansas as an independent State. If
adopted, it will not postpone her admission into
the Union a single day. It does not question the
right of her citizens to any species of property
recognized by the constitution or laws of the
State. It imposes no restraint upon her political
power and sovereignty. It simply denies that,
by the act of admitting her into the Union, with
this article incorporated into her constitution,
Congress gives its assent to the principles of that
article. Without this piotestation, the act of
admission would be, at least, an implied assent
to this extraordinary constitutional provision
Whilst such an appiobation would be of no use
or benefit to that State, it would be in direct vio-
lation of the opinion of a large majority of the
members of this House, and the known senti-
mentsof the people which thty represent. What
good reason, then, can be urged why this amend-
ment should not be adopted ' Are gentlemen pre-
pared to say by their votes, to reject this most
reasonable proposition, that this act shall be con-
strued as an assent by Congress to the article in the
constitution of the State in relation to slavei-y and
the emancipation of slaves '
Will not such an inference be the natural and
necessary result of such a v ote> I a«k gentlemen
whose opinions I know coincide with my own
upon this subject, to consider well before they
take a step which cannot be retraced.
Mr. Chairman, the word slave, or slavery, is
nowhere to be found in the Constitution of the
United States. Whilst that instrument, by its
various provisions, guaranties to the people of
the States their rights to property acknowledged
by the laws of the several States, its patriotic
framers most cautiously avoided the use of terms
which would admit that man could be made the
property of his fellow-man.                                      I
II, in the course of events, the people of every
State in this Union shall abolish slavery within
their own limits, and the time shall come when
there will not be a bondman in all this great and
free Republic, generations who shall succeed us
will find no evidence in this constitution that
such an institution as slavery ever had an exist-
ence.
The people of Arkansas have used less cau-
tion than did the framers of the Federal Consti-
tution. Though their constitution was to be
presented to a Congress for its approval, com-
posed of members a majority of whom, in both
branches, represent constituents opposed to sla-
very in every form, it contains an article the de-
sign and effect of which is to make involuntary
servitude perpetual within her limits. This is
much 10 be regretted.    If she had pursued a dif-
ferent course, the difficulties which now present
themselves would have been avoided, without
any piejuehce to her rights or her wishes. Can
it be expected that the rt presentatives from the
fiee States of this Union will give their assent to
this exceptionable article' In justice to those
whom tin y repiescnt, can they do less than ex-
piess their dissent from it ' It has been shown
that this amendment can have no injurious ef-
fect upon the rights of the people of Arkansas
Will membcis on this floor, coming fiom States
whose people are known to be hostile to the prin-
ciple of this aiticle in the constitution presented
for their approval, be faithful to the trust re-
posed in them, if they fail to declare their disap-
probation of it' I call upon gentlemen from the
non-slavcholdmg States tiuly to reflect the senti-
ments of then constituents, and support their
well-known opinions upon this subject, by voting
for the amendment now before us. Can they,
with propnety or consistency, approve of a prin-
ciple universally condemned by their constit-
uents' I appeal to the candor of gentlemen
from the slaveholdmg States, and ask them if, in
their opinion, it would be just or reasonable to
desue us to do this > Whilst they stand by their
constituents, and manfully maintain their rights,
and defend their interests, shall we be recreant
to our duty, and fail to avow and defend the doc-
trine of those who honor us with their confi-
dence'    Sir, I hope not.
Mr. Chairman, to the utmost of my powers I
will, here and elsewhere, support all the rights
of all the States of this Union, defined and se-
cured by the Constitution of the United States.
I regard them all as equally sacred and inviolable.
That instrument was the result of a compromise
of conflicting opinions and conflicting interests,
of mutual concessions and mutual pledges. It is
my duty to stand by and maintain it in all its
parts It is the supreme law of the land, and its
provisions are alike binding upon all the citizens
and all the States of this Confederacy. With
those righ ts secured by that binding charter, I will
never interfere.
But, sir, upon this subject of slavery I cannot
go the breadth of a hair beyond the obligations
imposed upon mc by that instrument. I never
can consent, with the views which I now enter-
tain, to give a vote, or do any other act, which
shall sanction the principle, or extend the exist-
ence of human slavery. In the deep conviction
of my own mind and heart I believe it to be
politically and morally wrong.
With all my soul I approve of, and believe in
the truth of that great principle av owed and pro-
claimed to the woild in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, " that all men are created equal; that
they are endowed by their Creator with certain
inalienable rights, that among them are life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness." I do not look
upon that declaration as the mere publication of
a truth, beautiful in theory only, and not capable
of a practical application. On the contrary, I
believe it may be, and in all free Governments
should be, carried out in practice. It is based
on the principles of eternal truth and justice,
and will abide when all existing Governments and
human institutions shall have decayed and passed
away. Holding these opinions, sir, how can I
give my sanction to that highly exceptionable
article in the constitution of Arkansas, presented
for our approval; and which, by the bill before
us, we do approve of, and assent to, unless we
negative that assent by some such amendment as
the one under consideration.
In doing so, I should violate my own sense of
propriety and right, and be treacherous to the
freemen who sent me here. In voting for the
amendment of my colleague, I shall vindicate my
own and the undivided sentiments of my constit-
uents, without impairing any of the guarantees
of the Constitution, or impairing the rights of any
State in this Union.
The gentleman from Virginia challenges a dis-
cussion upon the question whether the Constitu-
tion of Arkansas is republican in its character.
A debate upon that question cannot be necessary
to the settlement of the proposition immediately
before us. At this untimely hour, and before this
committee, wearied out by a continued session
