472
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 17,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Deposit Bill—Mr. Tallmadge.
Senate.
anion" the States. It seizes the entire proceed* ot one
source of revenue, and set* them aparta- a surplu-. making
it nPce*snrv to raise the monevs forsupportingthe t.oveni-
ment and meeting the general charges, from other sources.
It even throws the entire land ; ysteiii upon tlie customs tor
its -import, and makes the public lands a perpetual cliarae
upon the Trea=urv. It does not return to the people limn-
ed accidentally or unavoidably paid by them to the Gov-
ernment, by winch thev are not wanted ; but compels the
people to piiv monevs into the Treasury lor the mere pur-
pose of creating a surplus for demolition to their State
governments."
" However willing I might be that any unavoidable surplus
in the Trcasurv should be returned to the people through
their State governments, I cannot aoent to the pi maple
that a surplus miy be created for the purpose of distribution.
Viewing this bill as, in effect, assuming the right not only
to create a surplus for that purpose, but to divide the con-
tents of the Treasury among the States without limitation,
from whatever source they maybe derived, and asserting
the power to raise and appropriate money for the support
of every State government and institution, as well as for
making every local improvement, however trivial, I cannot
give it my consent."
From all this, it appears that the President is
in favor of a disposition of an incidental or un-
avoidable surplus, provided always it can be con-
stitutionally done.    I will not stop to  inquire
whether such a distribution of such a surplus be
constitutional or not.    It is not necessary in ref-
erence to the proposition contained in this bill.
This proposition is not a distribution by which
the money becomes absolutely the property of
the States, and which is never again to be re-
turned, and which the States are under no obli-
gation to return to the United States; but it is a
mere deposit with the States of the surplus rev-
enue, incidentally and unavoidably on hand, by
which the States acquire no property in it.    It
remains the property of the United States just as
fully and as perfectly as if it were in the imme-
diate custody of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The States become the mere depositories.  Now,
as to the constitutional power of Congress to di-
rect the surplus revenue of the Government, in-
cidentally and unavoidably in the Treasury, to
be deposited whenever and wherever it pleases,
I cannot for one moment entertain a particle of ¡
doubt.    It is the duty of the Administration of
the  Government, whenever   they   find such   a
fund on hand, to take care of it and preserve it—
to keep it safely till it is wanted for the legitimate
uses of the Government.    Those uses are to be
judged of by Congress;  and its appropriations
are indicative of what it deems proper objects to
which it should be applied.    Until it is wanted
for such appropriations, it is the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, acting under the advice
of the Executive, to keep it safely.    Unless the
places of the deposit are prescribed by law, he
takes upon himself the responsibility of selecting
them; but if Congress sees fit to act, it   may
direct   such   places   as,  in   its    wisdom,  shall
most meet and proper.    Now, sir, I  hold  that
Congress can, constitutionally, direct the public
money to be deposited wherever it pleases.    It
may direct it to be deposited in the Bank of Eng-
land, in the State banks, in the Mint   of the
United States, or in the treasuries of the several
States.     Congress, whenever  it undertakes  to
direct on this subject, is the sole judge  of the
safety of the place of deposit.    It would intend,
unquestionably, to select such places as are per-
fectly safe; it would  not discharge  its duty to
the people, whose representatives they are, and
whose money it is, unless it selected places of
deposit which were perfectly safe.    Let me ask,
can  there   be   any   safer depositories than the
States?    I answer, no!    The stability of this
Government depends   on   the   stability   of the
States; it cannot exist without them.     They,
therefore, afford the very best and highest secur-
ity which we can have for the safe-keeping, as
well as the safe return of the money which may
be intrusted to them respectively.    It is no ob-
jection to the constitutional power of Congress
thus to dispose of the public money, that it is
deposited ratably with the States. So far as con-
stitutional  right is  concerned, looking at this
matter as a mere deposit, Congress could order it
to be deposited in such proportions as it pleased;
but the very object of thus depositing the sur-
Clus with the States is, that we thereby have the
est security for its safe-keeping, ana the best
guarantee for its sure return when required; and
inasmuch as this incidental or unavoidable sur-
plus, as the President terms it, has been collected
by indirect taxation out of the people, it is but
just and equitable that some rule should be
adopted in depositing it with the States that shall
give to them equal benefits, so far as incidental
benefits are to be derived from becoming the de-
positories of it.
If we   should  adopt the same   ratio that we
would in an absolute distribution, provided we
had the constitutional power to distribute it, it
would be no argument against the constitutional
power of Congress thus to deposit it.    As to the
constitutional power of Congress over this sub-
ject I cannot, for one moment, doubt; I av ill not
suffer myself to doubt. No one that I have heard
has suggested any constitutional doubt, and no
one, in my judgment, can place such an objection
before the people in a way that they can com-
prehend it, or feel the force of it.    From this
view of this matter, I feel justified in saying, that
I am sustained in my support of the proposition
contained in this bill by the principles laid down
in the several messages of the President to which
I have referred; and backed by such authority,
and from a deep settled conviction of the import-
ance of the measure, cannot hesitate as to the
vote I shall give.    If this plan be not adopted, I
ask gentlemen by what mode will they dispose
of this surplus?   If there be any who do not be-
lieve there will be a surplus, (and this number
must be very small,) to them I  say, the plan
proposed can do no harm in that event, because
there will be nothing on which it can operate. If
the sentiment were unanimous, or anything like
it, that there will be no surplus, I would not then
adopt any measure in relation to it, when there
was no probability of its being required.    But
this is a very different case.   No rational man
can doubt but that there will be a largo surplus.
Unless our appropriations are made for the ex-
press purpose of getting rid of it, and, of course,
in a very extravagant manner, I again ask what
shall we do with it?   It is in vain to make ob-
jection to this proposition, unless gentlemen will
condescend to point out some other mode of dis-
posing of the public money. If none is suggested,
and the present bill be not adopted, the money
must remain in the deposit Danks without legal
regulation, and subject to all the clamor which
has been, and which will hereafter be made against
them.    I here repeat, as I have before said, I
have entire confidence in the deposit banks; but
no one can hesitate to say, and it is no disparage-
ment to any banks to say, that this vast accumu-
lating treasure is more secure in the treasuries of
the several States.    With the confidence which I
place in the security of the deposit banks, it
would not be so surprising if I should be in favor
of leaving it there; but that gentlemen who pro-
fess to look upon all banks with more or less dis-
trust, should be willing to leave it there, instead
of depositing with the States, is to me a matter
of astonishment.
Some gentlemen, when pressed upon this point,
and asked what will you do?—are ready to say,
leave it till the next session of Congress. Why
¡ leave it till the next session of Congress ? I em-
| phatically ask. If there is to be a large surplus
! in the Treasury on the first of January next, it
J is our duty to the banks themselves, as well as
] our duty to our country, to make early arrange-
ments for its disposition. If it is to be deposited
with the States the banks ought to know it, that
they may be prepared for it at the time fixed for
that purpose. If it is to be left with them, and
no change is hereafter to be made, they ought
equally to know it, for their arrangements in re-
lation to the management of their own means
would depend more or less on the fact, whether
they were to retain the means of the Government.
So that, in any point of view, it is all important
that the question be now settled. Every im-
portant interest of the country requires it. If it
be not now arranged, it will be productive of the
most alarming consequences. If this money is
thus suffered to accumulate in these banks, the
people will never rest satisfied that it shall be
hoarded up there, and it would, in that case, be
of no use to the banks to have it. I take it for
granted, then, it must be used.    How far such a
use of money which has been collected from the
people would be deemed a just and equitable use
of it in regard to the great body of them, I leave
to the American people to judge. In the use of
such means,there is more or less favoritism; and
the desire of the banks to make the most of it,
especially if an interest is to be charged on it in
their hands, would tend strongly towards those
extravagant and wild speculations, about which
gentlemen have so feelingly declaimed. If this
money should be loaned out to the communities
where these deposit banks are located, will it not
be seen at once that the business of those places
will be more or less extended, according to the
means employed? Suppose, then, when these
funds to such an enormous amount are thus
loaned out, and the Government should want the
money, can these banks respond, on notice given,
to the call? If they can, it will be by reason of
a sudden call on their debtors. What will be the
consequence of such a call ? We can readily
foresee it. The whole money market will be dis-
turbed. Like the sudden expansion and con-
traction of bank issues and bank discounts at all
times, they would convulse the whole commer-
cial community. Those convulsions are not con-
fined to the communities in which they happen—
their effects are felt everywhere. You cannot
strike a blow at the city of New York, which
will not be felt, not only through the whole State,
but throughout the whole Union.
But it may be said, and I belitve has been said,
in the course of this debate, that this money will
not be needed by the Government, and will not
be called for from the banks. So much the worse.
The longer such an immense sum is left to accu-
mulate, and to be used by them, the worse it is.
But, Mr. President, public sentiment, which is
generally, right, demands that some other dispo-
sition be made with this surplus revenue. The
people are jealous enough of the banks at all
times, but are peculiarly so of those, at this time,
which hold such vast treasures which belong to
them. Unless some other disposition be made
of this surplus, suspicion will go abroad that
the money is kept there for improper purposes,
and from improper motives. We know there is
no ground for such suspicion. But if it exist,
whether true or false, the eiect is the same. Its
tendency is to agitate the public mind, and a con-
sequent derangement of the moneyed concerns
of the country. I can readily foresee that if Con-
gress adjourns without regulating the deposit
banks by law, and without disposing of this sur-
plus revenue, the whole country will be agitated
by this all-important question, and we shall have
to encounter another scene of panic and distress,
and thereby derange the currency, and more or
less affect every interest in the country. No
matter whether there be any just ground for such
agitation or not, such is the'state of parties and
of party feeling that we cannot hope to be rid of
it, however much we may deprecate its exist-
ence. Sir, I live in a commercial community.
I feel that I know something of its interests, and
I am unwilling, for any consideration whatever,
that this all-engrossing topic should any longer
be made the sport of party, to the great detri-
ment of the paramount interests of society. I
am unwilling that such considerations shall, by
designing politicians, be mingled in the approach-
ing presidential contest, and that the commence-
ment of the next session of Congress shall be
the signal for increased and increasing excitement
till it is closed. Sir, public confidence in our
banks, as well as in our political institutions, be-
comes impaired by such constant assaults; and
when that is impaired every interest must suffer.
I cannot, therefore, lend my aid to continue such
a state of things. By depositing thismoney with
the States, as is proposed by this bill, the public
mind will be quieted; the banks will be freed
from the suspicion, as well as the odium, which
must attach to them under the state of things
which I have attempted to describe; and, above
all things, our pecuniary concerns will be sepa-
rated from all political connections or associa-
tions, a consummation devoutly to be wished.
Sir, there is no constitutional objection to thia
bill. The most refined sophistry cannot show
any.    Gentlemen may attempt to confound  it
