1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
'21th Cong....1st Sess
Deposit Bill—Mr.
Tallmadge.
Senate.
with a distribution     But it is no more nor less
than a «imple di posit of the public money with
tin St itt -     It avoids the obit ft ions which would
exist to isrtmral sv stt m of distribution.    That
iiiiplu s that a surplus stnll bo created for the pur-
posf of distribution     Tins does not even dis-
tribuí   \ surplus, accidentally and unavoidably
on html     It dtposits it with the States.    It still
n minis  tin   proptrtv of  the Government, and
the liovtrnmt nt i an us,- tin monev whenever it
is requir  d for ilu public st i vice.    ItcieaUs no
de[H nd  net . on tin   put of the States, on  the
G«n<ra! Govt rnim nt, as a distubutioii  svsttm
imtrht do     It nitielv proMilt s for tlu   pit suit
mu rstm y      It disposes safely of a surplus tor
whu'h, at  present, we have no  use, and   with
which we Know not what to do     If gentlemen
would satisfy rin   of any othir propt r disposi-
tion of it, I would t raliract any proposition that
would set in  to meet the exigent v of the  case.
Hut I he ir of none, i xet pt to spt nd it all by t x-
travacant appropuations, or It ive it to ucumu-
lati in ihi lit posit banks     To both these I have
already inditattd my objections     Wt   are then
brought back to the pioposition contained in this
bill, and I confess, afttr the maturtst dtlibera-
tion and  rt flection, I cinnot only see no objec-
tion to it, but I can conct ive of no mode so piop-
er     By this mode, the States will receive tin ir
ratable  proportions of  the   surplus, giving the
security of the States themselves for the repay-
ment, w hen it is netdt d by the General Govern-
ment.    This money is rttained   by the  States
without intert st, until the Secretary of the Treas-
urv , for want of other mtans, st lis the ceitifi-
catts of deposit, when they are made to bt ar an
interest of five per cent.    These certificates are
redeemable at the pleasure of the States,  and
would always bring par in the market, and prob-
ably a  premium.    No arrangement which has
been   suggested, or, as   I believe, can   be   sug-
gested, is, in my judgment, equal to this.    It is
the  btst  for  both parties.    It  is  best  for  the
Unitt d  States.     It   is best  for  the  individual
States.    If they invest the money m internal im-
provements, or as a fund for education, it will be
vastly better emplojed  for the whole country,
than if it were left for the use of speculators in
the deposit banks, and whenever it is wanted by
ihe General Government, the  Secretary of the
Treasury, as its agent, has only to sell the cer-
tificates in market to get the money on them; and
the States, on such sale, have merely to provide
for the payment of the interest, at the rate of five
per cent.    They are not bound to raise the princi-
pal on any such call, because the certificates are
made  redeemable at their pleasure; and when
they are sold they become to the States the same
as any other five percent, stock which they may
have issued.      One advantage, and one great ad-
vantage, of this proposition is, that it requires no
action on the part of Congress, nor on the par-
of the States, to bring this money back to the
Treasury, whenever it is required for the wants
of the Government.    Congress judges in the first
instance of those wants, andmakcsappropnations |
to meet them.    If, then, there is a lack of other
means, the Secretary of the Treasury, without
any further action on the part of Congiess or the
States, can avail himself of the fund thus depos
ited  by a sale and transfer of the certificates.
As long as this money remains the property of
the General Government, the States will exercise
a proper caution as to the use and application of
it.     There will  be no profligate expenditures,
mprcly because they have come into the posses-
sion of such an amount of funds.    Most of the
States would probably apply it to internal ím-
provemr nts, already authorized by their respect-
ive Legislatures, and perhaps already commenced.
If it should be thus applied, there can be no better
evidence of its proper application, because such
works hav e been authorized and commenced with-
out reference to any such means. I might instance
the State of New York as m this situation now.
The last Legislature directed new works of in-
ternal improvement to be commenced, and loaned
he r credit to the Hudson and Erie railroad to the
amount, in the aggregate, of $6,000,000.   For this
amount she  must issue  stocks, and raise  the
money as it is wanted, and bearing such interest
I
as is directed by the act authorizing it If she
should receive, under this bill, $5,000,000, moic I
or less, it v\ ould to that extent take the place of the
stocks which are by her past legislation already
directed to be issui d This money she would
apply to those w orks of intei nal improvement, and
w ould pay no inte rt st on it till it should be vv anted
for the use of the United States, and, whenever it
shoulel be so wanted, she would then pay an m-
tt h st the same as she w ould have paid fiom the
bt ginning on her own stocks, and piovido for
tin principal vv hi never it suits her convenience,
beeause the certifieiti s of di posit are redi emable
at lit r pleasure If the money should not be calli d
tor then she will retain it, without interest, still
resting under the obligation to return it when re-
qiurtd, and whenever it suits her convenience to
ledeem her certificates, which may have been
nut into the market. What objection is there to
t r thus using this money ' Has she not, like
every State in the Union, contributed, by the in-
direct taxation of the people, to raise it' It is
true, it has not been raised with the design to
accumulate a surplus, but, being unavoidably
and without design on hand, what valid objection
can be urged to such an application of it' What
application can be made that will so much benefit
the whole country' The States can cany on
their works of internal improvements much better
and much more economically than the United
States can, even if there were no constitutional '
objection to such a system on behalf of the Gen-
eral Government.
By the proposition in this bill, we also avoid
another objc etion which is sometimes urged against
a system of distribution, by which the money is
giren to the States; namely, that we have no right,
in this way, to carry on a system of internal im-
provements, by means of the agency of the Stabs,
which we cannot carry on directly.     In other
words, if Congress cannot appropriate and apply
the money for such purposes, it cannot ¡rice it to
the States for the  same  purposes.    Under the
present bill, the money is not given to the States,
it is merely deposited with them for safe-keeping,
it remains the property of the United States, and
to be applied by their agent, the Secretary of the
Treasury, whenever it shall become necessary to
meet appropriations made by Congress     There
is alsojhis additional advantage of this proposi-
tion, namely, wheneverthese certificates aie sold,
like all our State stocks, they would probably find
their way to Europe, and would, to the amount
sold, be the means of introducing foreign capital
into the country.    This is what is wanted.    I will
not dwell on the importance of foreign capital to
a country, and particularly to this country.    Our
astonishing growth and prosperity  are greatly
owing to the introduction and use of foreign cap-
ital.    Amidst all the turmoil and disturbances of
the European world, there is no safer investment
for capital from abroad than the public securities
of this country, whether they be the stocks of the
United States, or of the seveial States.    Such, sir,
are some of the advantages1 proposed by this bill.
And in addition to all these, though last not least,
its adoption will tend to quiet the public mind—
to get rid of that feverish state of anxiety which
has existed for some time past—which has kept
our monetary system in constant agitation—which
has disturbed the peace of the whole commercial
community, and more or less deranged the affairs
of the whole country.
Mr. President, if such be some of the advant-
ages of this bill, (and I confess I have glanced at
i them but hastily,) what, let me ask, is the objec-
tion to its adoption'   Why, sir, it is objected, in
the first place, that the two propositions, namely,
to regulate by law the deposit Danks, and to dis-
' pose of the surplus revenue, ought not to have
been in the same bill.   Viewing these propositions
' as I do, I have not, on my own account, any ob-
jection to their being embraced in the same bill;
but knowing that a few of my political friends
entertained different views from me in regard to
the latter one, I felt it due to them, that they should
have the opportunity of acting and voting sepa-
| ratelyonthem. My honorable colleague,although
he originally put the propositions together, accord-
I ingly moved to recommit the bill to a committee,
I  with instructions to report two separate bills.
Aftei repeated trials, it was decided not to recom-
mit. This I regret, because such a separation
would have left each pi oposition to rest on Us own
ments, and every member of this body could
with perfect fieedom have voted for the one or
the other, as he should deem best. But the two
propositions have been kept together against my
vote and against my wishes. The question now
is, appiovmg them both as I do, whether I shall
vote against the whole bill, because it contains a
pioposition which some other gentlemen do not
approve' Sir, I cannot, under these circum-
stantes, hesitate as to my course. I voted for the
engrossment of the bill I shall vote for it on its
final passage. But my honorable colleague objects
to the ratio introduced by the amendment of the
Senator fiom Mississippi. Sir, I resisted that
latio to the utmost. I deemed the ratio in the bill,
as reported by the select committee, namely, m
proportion to Federal population, more equitable
and just; but I cannot vote against the whole bill
merely because it takes the Representatives of the
States in the two Houses of Congicss as the basis
of deposit, instead of the representation in the
popular branch. And even though the ratio were
restored, as my honorable colleague desires it, we
know perfectly well that the bill would not receiv e
his vote. Having done all in my power to retain
the ratio required by the interests of my own
State, and which seemed to me both just and
equitable, and having failed in that, I cannot, con-
sistently with my sense of duty, vote against a bill
which contains two such important provisions,
even if I have some objections to that part which
relates to the surplus ltvenue. I should feel that
they ought to be very weighty and very strong to
induce me to vote against the other part of the bill
regulating the public deposits by law, a measure
so frequently recommended by the President, and
so imperiously demanded by the public voice.
Sir, the honoi able Senator from Missouri objects
to this bill that it does not except from this ratable
deposit with the States the unexpended balances,
as they are termed, of the appropriations made by
Congress; that the bill recaptures them, to use his
emphatic language, and bungs them back for the
purpose of distribution, after they have been ap-
propriated by Congiess. Sir, a good argument is
sometimes put down and a bad one built up by a
sarcasm. This, I apprehend, must have been the
object of the honorable Senator in thus speaking
of the recapture of these unexpended balances.
Sir, what are the facts in regard to these bal -
anees' Congress makes appropriations to a large
amount for the current year. A portion of the
money, generally about one half, remains unex-
pended at the end of the year. Now, sir, when
this money is wanted to meet such appropriations,
the only inquiry is, whether the Secretary of the
Treasury has the means for this purpose' No
matter whether hose means are in the Treasury,
from past receipts, before the appropriations were
made, or whether they have come there from
receipts subsequent to their being made; the only
inquiry should be, has the Secretary the means to
meet them' This is the common practice. Appro-
priations are often made beyond the money in the
Treasury at the time, and are expected to be met
by the subsequent receipts. But the sarcastic
remark of the honorable Senator from Missouri
would seem to imply that specific money was set
apart for specific appropnations, as if, the mo-
ment an appropriation was made, an ear-mark
was placed upon the money in the Treasury suffi-
cient to meet it; and then, that those identical
pieces were called in whenever they were needed,
as a Dutchess county farmer would select partic-
ular sheep from his whole flock by the ear-marks
he had previously placed on them. Sir, this idea
is altogether fanciful. There is no such specific
sums set apart for specific appropriations. If this
were so, what would be the result of the appro-
pnations, if they should be made by the present
Congress to the amount of some fifty-five millions
of dollars, according to the statement exhibited
by my honorable colleague' Why, sir, the unex-
pended balances alone of such appropriations,
that would remain in the Treasury on the 1st of
January next, would be thirty millions of dollars.
Do gentlemen desire that any such amount, or
any portion of it, should remain there, merely
