474
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 17,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Cherokee Treaty—Mr. Haynes.
Ho. of Reps.
because it is an unexpended balance, and when
the receipts of the current year will be more than
sufficient to meet all the appropriations which
will be made? It will be recollected, that five
millions o{ dollars are to be retained to meet any
possible contingencies of the Treasury; and if at
any time, and from any unforeseen contingency,
more should be wanted, the Secretary can at any
moment cash the certificates ofdepositinhishands,
and thus avail himself of any amount he may
require. There is no necessity, therefore, that
these unexpended balances should be expected
out of the amount to be deposited; but there is
every reason in the world why they should be
included in it.
Again, sir, it is urged, that this surplus, thus
deposited with the States, will never be called for
by the General Government, and that such calls
would not be responded to by the States if they j
were made.    Let us, for one moment, examine
these objections.    In the first place,-the way in ¡
which the money would be called for would be
through appropriations made by Congress; and in j
case there was not means in the Treasury to meet
them, the Secretary would sell the certificates of
deposit for the purpose of raising the means.  The
States would have nothing to do with the transac-
tion.   The Secretary would require no response
from them.   This objection might have had some
plausibility, if the bill had required that the certi-
ficates should be paid by the States, iustead of be-
ing made transferable, and thereby enabling the
Secretary of the Treasury to cash them in the
market.   But, even if such had been its provision,
does any one believe that there is a solitary State
in thin Union that would violate its pledged faith 1
to this or any other Government?   No, sir; no
one can seriously entertain such an opinion.    1
would vouch for all of them.    Corruption has not
so far fastened on the vitals of any of them, that
they so soon exhibit such evidences of premature
decay.    It is, however, said that Congress would
omit to make appropriations in order to prevent
this money from being called for or required by
theSecretary of the Treasury.   What! Mr. Presi-
dent, Congress  refuse to perform its duty to the
country, from the paltry consideration of keeping
eo much trash, as might be grasped thus, in the
treasuries of the States!   Who compose this body
that would thus withhold the means for the com-
mon defense of the country?    Let every member
of either House  put  the question  to  himself,
whether he would be governed by such motives ?
His answer will be no, sir—no.    Formy own part
I should despise myself if such considerations
could, for a single moment, influence me;and I be-
lieve that sentiment pervades the breast of every
one who hears me. Where, then, is the danger of
appropriations being withheld ?    I have heard it
said, that our constituents, the people, would direct
or instruct us to vote against them, in order to pre-
vent their portion of this surplus being withdrawn
from their respective States.   Sir, there is no such
sordid and debasing spirit amongst the people of
this country.    They will go all necessary lengths
to sustain the  Government in any emergency,
whether it be peace or whether it be war.    It is
their pride and their ambition to rally round the
standard of their country, and to provide the re-
quisite means forsustaining its institutions and its
honor.    So far from withholding its means from
it, they would always be ready to contribute their
own.     Sir, I have studied the character of the
American people to little purpose if I could sup-
pose them capable of being guilty of such mean-
ness.    No, sir, they are a noble, a generous, a
chivalrous people.    Whilst, I trust, they always
will guard against unnecessary and extravagant
expenditures, at the same time I feel assured that
nothing will be withheld which is right and neces-
sary for the proper administration of the Gov-
ernment.    Is our own patriotism of so much
higher order than theirs, that we are willing to
say that we, their Representatives, would not, of
our own accord, withhold  appropriations, but
should be compelled todo it under their influence
and instructions?   Sir, I do not think so meanly
of myself nor of my constituents.    I am unwill-
ing to assume any such attitude   in regard to
them, and, I trust, they will not assume it in
regard to me.   I am unwilling, with a kind of
Pharisaic, political righteousness, to say to my
constituents, I am holier than you. No, sir,
rather than place myself in such a contrast with
them, I would say, with the humble publican,
God be merciful to me a sinner. This idea of
withholding appropriations, either by represent-
ative or constituent, is ideal. It exists in the
imagination. Equally fanciful is that notion,
which has been advanced, that our tariff of du-
ties on foreign imports will be increased for the
purpose of creating a surplus for distribution.
No gentleman will admit that he would be gov-
erned in his action here by such a motive. Nay,
he would repel with indignation such a charge.
I would repel it for my constituents as readily
as I would repel it for myself. Sir, the difference
between the proposition contained in the bill
and an absolute system of distribution is as
palpable as that between the night and the day.
In the first case, we deposit with the States, for
safe-keeping, an accidental and unavoidable sur-
plus, to be used by the Government when re-
quired. In the other, we create a surplus for the
purpose of beinggiven to the States, and without
any expectation or obligation on their part to return
it. Sir, there is no danger of raising our duties on
imports for such a purpose. The principle on
which duties are levied I believe is well and uni-
versally understood at this day. Graduate your
duties so as to raise no more revenue than is re-
quired for the economical wants of the Govern-
ment, and in thus graduating them give incidental
protection to such branches of industry as you
think the interests of the country require to be pro-
tected. But, sir, if you want to issue an increase
of duties, le.t your expenditures be made extrav-
agant for the purpose of absorbing this immense
surplus, and the duties must be increased to fur-
nish means to carry out the extravagance thus
commenced. I beg gentlemen to reflect on this
subject. They seem to have looked only on one
side of the question. Whilst they are attempting
to avoid an imaginary evil, they are rushing into
absolute danger. To them might well be applied
the Roman maxim, Incidit in Scyllam qui vult
vitare Charybdim.
Put it to the plain, practical, common sense of
every man in this nation, and he will respond to
you that he is governed by no such motives as
those attributed to him. He will tell you that
this surplus is in a situation to be productive of
immense mischief, as it now is; he will tell you
it ought to be deposited with the Sutes, because
it will there be safely kept and carefully used,
for the benefit of the people who contributed
towards it; and that it will be forthcoming when-
ever the wants of the Government require it. If
such would be the convictions of every honest
man, how can you charge upon the great mass of
the people of this country such base and sordid
motives as a contrary position would imply ? Sir,
it cannot be; I feel that the spirit of the people is
above it; I feel that I know the motives which
govern my fellow-citizens in such matters. I have
been brought up with them; I have always lived
in the midst of them; and I am yet to learn that
such are their principles of action i I am persuaded
I speak the sentiments of the people of the State of
New York on this subject. They cannot be seduced
from their integrity by such means. They may
be willing to keep the public money, as a safe
depository of it, till it is needed for the public
service, but they will not be humble suppliants
here for your bounty; and they will not instruct
their representatives to do that which they would
not do themselves. There is no danger, there-
fore, in this measure. It is the only one which
avoids all danger. If this be not adopted, there
are but two other modes of disposing of the sur-
plus left. The one is, by extravagant appropri-
ations, without reference to the real wants of the
country, and which will require an increased tariff
tocarry them through. The otheris, to leave them
in the deposit banks to become the prey of specu-
lations, and the foot-ball of party. Sir, I cannot
hesitate between them; and I am utterly at a loss
to conceive how gentleman, who are so naturally
jealous of all banks, are willing to leave this im-
mense power in their hands. When the United
States Bank was deprived of its power by the re-
moval of the deposits it had at that time, but about
$7,000,000 of the public money; whereas, by the
lowest estimates, these deposit banks will have, on
the first of January next, not less than «,30,000,000.
Do not gentlemen perceive that they are putting
into their hands a power far greater than thev
were willing to intrust to the Bank of the United
States ? Do they not also perceive, that by reject-
ing that portion of the bill which relates to the
deposit banks, they are leaving this immense
power in their hands without any regulation by
law? Why is all this? Why, simply because
they are apprehensive that, by depositing this
surplus, ratably, amongst twenty-six States of
this Union, it will tend to corrupt the people!
They are willing to leave it in these banks, with-
out legal restraints, subject to all the vicissitudes
and dangers which the use and disposition of such
an immense fund must always encounter; but
they are unwilling to intrust it to the custody of
the States, under the sanction of law, to be by
them safely kept, and surely returned whenever
the wants of the Government require it. Sir, I
think I speak the sentiments of the deposit banks,
when I say I do not believe they wish to keep it.
They are not unaware of the tendency to specu-
lation and overtrading which the use of s.uch
immense means has on the whole community; and
when thus embarked, any sudden demand for and
withdrawal of these means must produce conse-
quences of the most destructive character. I can
readily foresee that, even if this bill becomes a
law, there will be more or less difficulty in the
banks contracting their loans, so as to be prepared
to meet the drafts of the Treasury when this sur-
plus shall be deposited with the States. The
projectile force which has already been given to
the community by means of these funds, will
continue to operate after the cause has ceased.
But the period fixed in the bill for withdrawing
them is so remote, that I apprehend no material
difficulty in their being ready to carry out the
arrangement.
Mr. President, the vote I am called upon to
give on this bill I deem the most important I have
ever given in my life. I have maturely consid-
ered it—it is the result of anxious reflection and
deep conviction; and were I not supported by the
very large majority of political friends in this
Senate, I might be led to distrust my own judg-
ment; but with their support, my convictions are
the stronger; and I can never persuade myself
we are wrong. I think I see this matter as clear
as the, sun at noonday. My mind has a perfect
conception of the evils to be encountered by the
rejection of this bill, and of the benefits to be con-
ferred by its adoption. There is no film upon
the mental eye—my judgment tells me it is right
—my conscience approves it. I have no inclina-
tion to indulge in prophetic vision; but I think I
can discern, in the long vista of the future, the sad
train of evils which must follow the adverse ac-
tion of this day. I fancy I can see our currency
deranged, our credit system overturned, and our
country precipitated from that height of prosper-
ity which she has so long enjoyed; but I will not
appall you with an exhibition of those evils which,
like Banquo's ghosts, are lengthening out before
us. The, future historian, standing on the proud
eminence which we now occupy, and looking
into the dark abyss into which we may be plunged,
will say, with Shakspeare 's man on Dover Cliffs—
" How fearful
And dizzy 'tis, to cast one's eyes so low!"
Sir, in giving my vote for this bill, if it is the
last vote I ever give, I shall feel I have faithfully
and conscientiously discharged an important and
responsible duty to myself and to the country.
CHEROKEE TKEATY.
SPEECH OF HO*T C. E. HAYNES,
OF GEORGIA,*
In the House of Representatives,
June 29, 1836.
Mr. HAYNES rose and said:
Mr. Speaker: I had hoped that I should never
again be involved in a general discussion of the
* Messrs. Blair & Rives : Having been called to order,
in the progress of my remarks, upon a resolution of inquiry
