1336.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
-24th Cong....1st Sess.
Cherokee Treaty—Mr. Haynes.
|Ho. of Reps.
Indian question; but the allegations, violent,
gratuitous, and unjust, which have been pre-
ferred against the State of which I have the
honor to be a Representative, by an honorable
member from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]
make it my solemn duty to repel the assault,
and roll it back upon the assailant. I regret, sir,
exceedingly, that the honorable gentleman, what-
ever may have been the motive, (and that motive
I shall not now attempt to investigate,) should
have thought it necessary, in the discussion of a
'nil providing for the faithful performance of the
treaty with the Creek Indians of the 24th March,
1S32, to revive the exploded charges of injustice
ami oppression on the part of Georgia towards
those Indians. Before proceeding to the discus-
sion of the subject, I may be permitted to say,
that the regret expressed by the honorable gen-
tleman reminded me strongly of the occasion on
which he uttered the same sentiment, because he
could not ai;aiii throw back upon the people the
choice of Chief Magistrate. As this historical
reminiscence was involuntary, I trust the com-
mittee will bear with me for expressing it, not
intending to. mqune into his motive at the one
time or the other. It is impossible to do justice
to the defense in which I have been, most reluct-
antly, involved, without presenting a brief out-
line of the political history of this country, in its
colonial, revolutionary, and present state. The
Colonies, which afterwards became the original
thirteen States of this Union, were either set-
tled or acquired by the Government or people
of Great Britain. Deriving their origin princi-
pally from a common ancestry, similar institu-
tions were common to them all. Among the
number, Georgia, as is well known to every one
familiar with American history, was the last col-
ony planted by the mother country.
In all the charters granted by Great Britain to
the colonies, the principle was assumed, if not
directly expressed, of the absolute right of the
colonizing nation both to soil and jurisdiction of
the countries thus colonized. It may, perhaps,
have been heretofore contended, that the question
of limits between the European discoveries of this
continent had no reference to their right of soil or
jurisdiction, in respect to the aboriginal inhabit-
ants. But the slightest examination of the colo-
nial charters will dissipate such an assertion in
a moment. In no one instance, is it believed, did
the Government or colonists of Great Britain base
their right to settle this continent on the previous
permission of its original possessors. Not intend-
ing to trouble the House any longer than may be
indispensable to the performance of my present
duty, I forbear such references to the colonial
charters as would clear my position of the slight-
est reasonable doubt. The colony of Georgia,
then, was placed on the same footing with her
elder sisters in respect to the right of her people
to a residence on this continent. As there were
aboriginal inhabitants in all the original colonies,
it became necessary at an early period of the ex-
istence of those colonies to establish some general
principle of action towards them. And it is be-
lieved by the present speaker that the principle
generally adopted by the colonies on that subject
cannot be better illustrated than by reference to
the doctrine said to have been delivered by a dis-
tinguished citizen of Massachusetts, on the anni-
versary commemoration of the landing of the
Pilgrims at Plymouth, in Massachusetts, on the
22d day of December, 1802. That distinguished
individual is reported to have said, on the occa-
sion referred to:
" The Indian right of possession itself stands, with regard
to the greatest part of the country, upon a questionable
foundation. Their cultivated fields, their constructed hab-
itations a space of ample sufficiency for their subsistence,
and what thev had annexed to themselves by their personal
labor, was undoubtedly, by the laws of nature, theirs. But
what is the right of a huntsman to the forest ot a thousand
miles, over winch he has accidentally ranged in quest of
calliii  upon the President of the United States for informa-
tion relative to the treaty with the Cherokres, lately ratified
by the .Senate, on Monday evening, the 27th instant, I send
you an extended report, covering the whole ground I in-
tended to occupy, if I had been permitted to proceed with-
out interruption.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,                ,,,Mn.
C Íj. HAYA!¿.¡3.
II0L-1.K or Representatives, June 29,1830.
prey? Shall the liberal bounties of Providence to the race
of man be monopolized by one of a thousand for whom they
were created ? Shall the exuberant bosom of the common
mother, amply adequate to the nourishment of millions, be
claimed exclusively by a few hundreds of her offspring?
Shall the lordly savage not only disdain the virtues and en-
joyments of civilization himself, but shall he control the
civilization of the world? Shall he forbid the wilderness
to blo=.som like the rose: Shall he forbid the oaks of the
forest to fall before the a\ of industry, and rise again
transformed into the habitations of ease and elegance ?
Shall he doom an immense region of the globe to perpetual
desolation, and to hear the howling of the tiger and the
wolf silence forever the voice of human gladness? Shall
the hills and valleys, which a beneficent God has formed
to teem with the life of innumerable multitudes, be con-
demned to everlasting barrenness? Shall the mighty rivers,
poured out by the hands of nature, as channels of commu-
nication between numerous nations, roll their waters in
sullen silence and eternal solitude to the deep? Have
hundreds of commodious liarbors, a thousand leagues of
coast, and a boundless ocean, been spread in front of this
land, and shall every purpose of utility to which they could
apply be prohibited lij the tenant of the woods? No, gen-
erous philanthropists ! Heaven has not thus placed at iirec-
oneilable strife its moral laws with its physical creation !"
Could the principle which regulated the colo-
nies from their earliest day of strength, and be-
yond which Georgia has never gone, have been
more forcibly expressed, or eloquent] y illustrated,
than in what I have just quoted ?    Can it be that
in such wide-sweeping assertion of colonial right
the mind of the orator had narrowed its vision to
the horizon of New England, and the defense of
his own Puritan ancestors?    Who that has heard
the announcement of such a principle could, for
a moment, imagine that  the mind which had
adopted, and the tongue which expressed it with
such eloquence and force, should now utter un-
measured denunciation againstGeorgiaforhaving
acted short of the extent of his own principle ?
That principle, if his illustrations are entitled to
any weight, goes the whole length, not only of
the forcible dispossession of the savage of every-
thing but his home and little spot of cultivation,
together with such personal trifles as his labor
', has appropriated, but sanctions his entire ejee-
¡I tion from it all.     But it is not here necessary
11 to dwell longer on the abstract doctrine of the
!| honorable  member from   Massachusetts,  [Mr.
l! Adams,] as contained in his anniversary oration
;' at Plymouth, in 1802.
j1     I shall now turn my attention, after a word or
11 two upon the subject of the territorial limits cre-
ated and established by the several colonial char-
|   ters of the old thirteen States, and as confirmed
;  by various public acts since the commencement
1   of the Revolution, to the manner in which various
I   colonies, particularly those in the middle and
northern portions of this country, carried out the
■   doctrine maintained by the honorable gentleman
i   in 1802, in their legislative enactments for the
government of the Indian tribes within their sev-
•  eral limits.    In proof of this assertion it is only
necessary to advert to the statutes of a majority
of the colonies on this  subject.    That Massa-
chusetts considered Indians only entitled to the
land improved and inhabited by them, is shown
by a colonial law of 1633, " For settling the In-
I   dian's title to lands in this [that] jurisdiction;" in
which it is enacted, "That what lands any of the
' Indians in this jurisdiction have possessed and
' improved, by subduing the same, they have just
' right unto.
" Jlnd be it further ordained by this court and the
' authority thereof, and be it hereby enacted, That
'all that tract of land within this jurisdiction,
' whether already granted to any English planta-
' tions or persons, or to be granted by this court,
' (not being under the qualification of right to the
• Indians,) is and shall be accounted the just right
' of such English as already have, or hereafter
' shall have, grant of lands from this court, and
' the authority thereof."
Various other acts were passed by the colo-
inal Legislature of Massachusetts from the year
1633 downwards to 1747, in no one of which is
the jurisdiction entire and complete over all the
rights of the Indians believed to have been in any
manner relinquished, restrained, or diminished.
Being necessarily obliged to go over a great
deal of ground for the complete vindication of
Georgia, the foregoing evidence from the colonial
laws of Massachusetts is deemed sufHcientto show
that she claimed perfect and entire sovereignty
over all the Indians and Indian lands within her
limits. Next, in order of time, I come to the col-
onial legislation of Virginia. So early as the year
1658, I find in her records the following provis-
ion:
11 Be it hereby ordained and enacted, That all the
' Indians of this colony shall and may keep those
' seats of land which they now have; and that
' no person or persons whatsoever be suffered to
' intrench or plant upon such places as the said
' Indians claim or desire, until full leave from the
' Governor and councilor commissioners for the
' place."
Several other laws regulating Indian affairs
were passed at different times, between the years
1658 and 1705, inclusive, by the colonial Legisla-
ture of Virginia; but the extract just presented
will suffice to show that the colony claimed and
exercised entire jurisdiction over the Indians
within her limits. In the year 1663, the colony
of Rhode Island seems first to have exercised
jurisdiction over Indians; and from the tenor of
her enactment in that year, in regard to their
lands, and the act of 1696, for restraining and
governing their persons, she seems to have exer-
cised as unlimited control over them as she could
have done over her white inhabitants. By the act
of 1663, it is ordained " that no person or per-
' sons, for the future, shall purchase any lands or
' islands within this colony, of or from the native
' Indians within the same, but such only as are
' allowed to do so by the General Assembly, upon
1 penalty of forfeiting all such lands or islands so
' purchased to the colony."
By an act passed in the year 1696, it is pro-
vided, " that if any negroes or Indians, freemen
' or slaves, shall be found abroad after nine o'clock
' at night, at any time throughout the year, with-
' out a certificate from the masters, or some other
' English person of the family to which he, she,
' or they belong, or some lawful excuse for the
1 same, that then it shall and may be lawful for
' any person or persons to take, seize, and secure
' the same till next morning, and then bring them
' before an assistant or justice of the peace of such
' town, who shall, upon due proof thereof, cause
' said negro or negroes, Indian or Indians, to be
' publicly whipped at the public whipping-post
' of such town.
In the year 1672, the colonial Legislature of
Connecticut adopted numerous regulations for the
restraint and government of her Indians; among
which was one providing " that no Indian or
' Indians shall, at any time, powwow or perform
' outward worship to false gods, or to the devil,
' within this colony, on pain of forfeiting the sum
' of Jive pounds to the public treasury of this col-
' ony for every time any Indian or Indians shall
' be convicted of performing the same."
As further evidence of the criminal jurisdiction
exercised by Connecticut over Indians, and espe-
cially for the benefit of those who have made
such outcry because Georgia, of late years, has
exercised similar justice towards them, I will
offer one further extract from her act of 1672:
" And whereas it is too manifest that the Indians,
' notwithstanding all counsel and advice to the
' contrary, have committed, and still do. commit,
' murder, and kill one another, within the English
' plantations in this colony, and take no course
' that such justice be executed on such malefac-
' tors as may take off the guilt of blood from the
'land; which, to prevent, ' It is further enacted
' by the authority aforesaid, That, if any Indian or
'Indians, within this colony, shall willfully and
' violently fall upon any Indian or Indians within
' this colony, and upon the English land, (except
1 it be such as they are at open war with,) and
' murder him or them, and be thereof legally con-
' victed, every such Indian or Indians shall suffer
' death.' "
In addition to the highest criminal jurisdiction
thus exercised by Connecticut, the last extract
contains the singularprovision of legalizing Indian
wars within her limits. One more reference to
the colonial law of Connecticut, and I shall pass
to another colony.                                 ,
In 1717, the Legislature of Connecticut passed
" An act concerning purchases of native rights to
land."                                     .                  .._    , .
" This Assembly observing many difficulties
' and perplexities arising in this Government, by
