1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
Í4th Cong....1st Sess.
Cherokee Treaty—Mr. Haynes.
Ho. or Reps.
or irregularity in the making of the treaty referred I
to, but I also know that a President of the United
States must execute the law as he finds it, allow-
ing to htm a just exercise of his judgment whether
it violates the Federal Constitution. I very well
remember the principal incidents of a public na-
ture which occurred at the time referred to, and
within the following vears of the presidential
term of the then Chief Magistrate. The plea of
fraud was set up to cover his nullification, under
which he attempts to justify his charges against
Georgia. I will inquire into some of the inci-
dents connected with the honest treaty concluded
by him with a Creek delegation at this place early
in the year 1826, and ratified on the :24th of April
ot thai year. Hut before proceeding, permit me
to remark that the land acquired by the treaty of
1ÑÍ5 passed immediately to Georgia, and that
she had a perfect right to adopt her own legisla-
tion over her own property, subject only to the
temporary occupancy secured by the treaty to the
Indians. The treaty of 1826 was ratified on the
24th of April, and the day after, the members of the
honest delegation called on the Secretary of War
to make arrangements to distribute the amount
stipulated by the treaty to be paid to the chiefs,
head-men, and warriors of the Creek nation—
namely, the sum of $217,000. They presented a
catalogue whereby it was proposed to divide of
that sum, among twenty-one Creeks and three
Cherokees,§159,700. The Secretary adrwedthem
not to make such distribution, but adopted no
measure to prevent it.
In the progress through Congress of the bill for
carrying the treaty into effect, the fact was com-
municated to a Senator that twenty-one Creeks
and three Cherokees were known to intend to
divide among themselves the sum I have just men-
tioned. In consequence of such information, the
Senate amended the bill so as to require the pay-
ment of the $217,000 in full council of the nation,
upon the certain calculation that the fraud here
made known, would be there prevented.
But, strange as it may appear, I have been in-
formed, and upon evidence entitled to undoubted
credit, that this honest delegation, with which the
then President negotiated his treaty of 1826, add-
ing two others to their list, did actually divide,
between twenty-three Creeks and three Chero-
kees, the latter receiving an aggregate of $40,000,
one hundred and sixty-seven thousand eight hun-
dred dollars, of two hundred and seventeen thou-
sand to be distributed between the chiefs, head-
men, and warriors of the Creek nation. It is not
wonderful that the sensibility which arrested a
supreme law of the land in 1825 on suspicion of
fraud, should have permitted a transaction sub-
ject to his own official supervision to be stamped
bv such indelible evidence of the same in 1826 ?
If further proof be necessary to establish the
readiness of Georgia to abide by the decision of
Congress and her co-States, it will be found in
the memorial and remonstrance adopted by her
Legislature in December, 1826, upon this sub-
ject.
This remonstrance was intended to set forth
the causes which had disturbed the harmony pre-
viously existing between the State of Georgia and
the Executive of the Union, from the time the
President of the United States, of his own will
and accord, nullified the treaty concluded at the
Indian Spring in February, 1825. It was noth-
ing more nor less than the appeal to Congress
and the other States against the arbitrary conduct
of the Chief Magistrate of the Union. In proof
of the spirit from which it sprang, it is only
necessary to make a few references to its pream-
ble, in which it will be found that the whole sub-
ject in controversy was submitted to Congress
and the other States of the Confederacy. The me-
morial distinctly states, that " in the good feeling
' and sincerity of the States, we have the most
* undoubted confidence—in the integrity of pur-
* pose, honesty of motive, and fidelity of service
* of the National Legislature, we cannot feel one
* distrustful emotion. Before that body we believe
' we can be respectfully heard, and to that we as
' firmly believe the crisis has arrived when it
' becomes necessary to prefer a solemn appeal."
Again, after enumerating the causes of complaint
against the Executive alonti the memorial uses
this forcible language: " It is n matter of anxious
'and fearful contemplation, what must be the
' result of this collision, if we fail to enlist the
' well-known justice and prudence of that part
' of the General Government to which we have ¡
'now been compelled reluctantly to appeal."
" We cannot but trust that the authority (Con-
' gress and the States) to which we have now ' i
' referred these unhappy differences, will duly
' appreciate the motive as well as the object of
' this appeal. Our reliance is on the wisdom and '
'justice of the nation." "We want nothing
' that does not fairly belong to the State sover-
' eignties. To whatever our sister States will
' submit,in thatwemustacquiesce. Iftheywould
' be contented with the treatment Georgia has
' received, and will come out with a public decla-
' ration of the fact, from that moment our com-
' plaints are hushed. We threaten no conse-
' quences; it would be idle and vain to do so." ;
The memorial concludes with the following reso-
lutions:
" Resolved, That a separate copy of this report, with the
documents necessary to support the facts therein detailed,
be forwarded by his Excellency the Governor to our Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress, to be by them re-
spectfully presented to each branch of Congress, with a
request that they use their best exertion  to have redressed
the grievances of this State in the various particulars to
which this report has reference; and for the future harmony
of the States, to request of that body to make an explicit
declaration of the rights that belong to the National Gov- |
eminent, and those which belong to the State ot" Georgia, I
(and consequently to the other States.) resulting from the
immediate difference of opinion specially enumerated in
the foregoing report.
'■ Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be re-
quested to forward also a copy of this report and documents
to the tí overnor of each State in the Union, with an earnest
and respectful request that he lay the same before the
Legislature of his State, and they are hereby most affec-
tionately and respectfully solicited to express to this State
whether they are prepared to admit the foregoing principles,
and the powers growing out of them, as belonging to the
General Government, and whether Georgia is bound, and
must submit to the treatment which she conceives she has most
wrongfully sustained at the hands of the Executive De-
partment of the General Government."
From the references which I have made to the
memorial of Georgia in 1826, it is manifest that
it breathes anything but defiance and contumacy
towards the Government of the Union, unless a
nullifying Chief Magistrate alone constituted that
Government.    In what stronger terms of confi-
dence and affection could the Legislature of Geor-
gia have appealed to the wisdom and justice of
Congress, than by "requesting that body to make
' an explicit declaration of the rights that belong to
' the National Governmentand those which belong
' to Georgia,(and consequently the other States?")
Or how could she have more strongly expressed
her readiness to abide by the decision asked, both
from Congress and the States, than by pledging
herself that "to whatever her sister States would
' submit, in that she would acquiesce; and if they
' would declare that they would be contented with
' the treatment Georgia had received, from that mo-
' ment her complaints would be hushed;'' distinctly
stating that she "threatened no consequences, for
it would be vain and idle to do so."    Upon the ',
examination which I have made of the allegations j
of the honorable gentleman, so far as his charges j
have reference to the collision between Georgia
and himself, as Chief Magistrate of the Union, I '
know of no other illustration of his accusations
so appropriate within the whole range of fact or ,
fable, as the quarrel fastened by the wolf upon the j
lamb for polluting the stream by drinking from ,
. it below him.    Georgia voted against him in her
electoral college in 1824, and in this House in
1825, and held up his arbitrary conduct towards ]
. her in the years 1825, 1826, and 1827 to the just
j indignation of the American people; and it seems
¡ that he has not yet forgiven her for the one or the
I other, or he might have spared himself and this
; House the gratuitous denunciations he has leveled
against her.
Believing that I have sufficiently shown that the
President of the United States, and not the gov-
ernment or people of Georgia, nullified the treaty
j made at the Indian Spring in 1825, I will next
proceed to show how stands the accusation of the
honorable gentleman respecting the conflict be-
tween the State of Georgia and the Supreme Court
I of the United States; and first, with respect to
I the Indians:
At the January term (1831) of the Supreme
Court of the United States, the Cherokee nation,
by their counsel, moved that court for an injunc-
tion against the State of Georgia, to restrain and
enjoin her from the inforcement of certain acts of
her Legislature, upon various' grounds, the most
material of which, for the present inquiry, it is
believed, are embraced within certain portions
of the statement of the case as reported in 6
Peters, to which the attention of the House is
invited. Among other things, the bill proceeds
to state, " that, in violation of these treaties, of
' the Constitution of the United States, and of
' the act of Congress of 1802, the State of Geor-
'gia, ata session of her Legislature, held in De-
' comber, 1828, passed an act, which received the
' assent of the Governor of that State on the
' twentieth day of that month and year, entitled,
' 'An act to add the territory lying within this
' State, and occupied by the Cherokee Indians, to
' the counties of Carroll, De Kalb, Gwinnett,
' Hall, and Habersham, and to extend the laws
' of this State over the same, and for other pur-
' poses.' That afterwards, to wit, in the year
' 1829, the Legislature of the said State of Geor-
' gia passed another act, which received the assent
' of the Governor on the 19th of December of
' that year, entitled, ' An act to add the territory
' lying within the chartered limits of Georgia,
' now in the occupancy of the Cherokee Indians,
' to the counties of Carroll, De Kalb, Gwinnett,
' Hall, and Habersham, and to extend the laws
' of this State over the same, and to annul all
' laws and ordinances made by the Cherokee na-
' tion of Indians, and to provide for the compen-
' sation of officers serving legal processes in said
' territory, and to regulate the testimony of In-
' dians, and to repeal the ninth section of the act
' of 1828 on this subject.' " The bill also refers
to the act of Congress of 1830, and to the acts of
the Legislature of Georgia, passed in 1830, " to
authorize the survey and disposition of lands
within the limits of Georgia, in the occupancy
of the Cherokee Indians," &c; " an act to de-
clare void all contracts hereafter made with the
Cherokee Indians," &c; "an act to provide for
' the temporary disposal of the improvements and
' possessions purchased from certain Cherokee
' Indians and residents;" and sundry other acts
passed by the Legislature of Georgia relative to
the country occupied by the Cherokee Indians.
In short, it passed in review before the court all
the acts of jurisdiction which had been exercised
by Georgia over them up to that period.
In delivering the opinion of the Court, Chief
Justice Marshall observes:   " The court has be-
' stowed its best attention on this question, and,
' after mature deliberation, the majority is of the
' opinion that an Indian tribe or nation within the
' United States is not a foreign State in the sense
' of the Constitution, and cannot maintain an ac-
' tion in the courts of the United States."   *   *   *
" A serious additional objection exists to the ju-
' risdiction of the court.   Is the matter of the bill
' the proper subject for inquiry and decision ?     It
' seeks to restrain a State from the forcible exer-
' cise of Iegislativepower over a neighboring peo-
' pie asserting their independence, their right to
' which the State denies.    On the several matters
'alleged in the bill, (for example, on the laws
' making it criminal to exercise the usual powers
' of self-government in their own country by the
'Cherokee nation,) this court cannot interpose,
' at least in the form in which these matters are
i 'presented."    In reference to the jurisdiction of
' Georgia over the possession of lands by the Cher-
| okees, Chief Justice Marshall says: "The mere
| ' question of right might, perhaps, be decided by
| ' this court in a proper case with proper parties;
' but the court is asked to do more than to decide
' on the title.    The bill requires us to control the
j ' legislation of Georgia, and to restrain the exer-
' cise of its physical force.  The propriety of such
1 ' an interposition of the court may well be ques-
' tioned.    It savors too much of the exercise of
' political power to be within the proper province
' of the judicial department "   In the closing par-
' a^raph of the opinion of the court, it is observed:
i "°If it be true that the Cherokee  natiou have
i ' rights this is not the tribunal in which these .
I ' rights are to be asserted.    If it be true that
