482
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 15,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Boon.
Ho. of Reps
in May, 1830, and the treaties concluded with the I
Chocuws in 1830, with the Creeks in 1832, the
Seminóles in 1834, and more recently with the
Cherokees, and, within the sume period, with
many smaller bands, the scheme of Indian emi-
o-ratum and colonization west of the States and
Territories beyond the Mississippi has been en-
larged and systematized, its germ has a much
earlier date, and thv whole was reconimc.iJed by
Mr. Monroe, in 18:25, while the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts was a distinguished
member of his Cabinet. It might, therefore, on
the score of time and the authority of high names,
be considered worse than useless to explain or
defend it.
As this is the last time that I propose ever to
discuss this subject, I hope I may be permitted to
present a few considerations, derived from ex-
perience and the nature of things, why this sys-
tem is best both for the whites and the Indians,
and especially for the latter. The races are as
separate and distinct as color, character, and
general condition could well make them; the one
possessing the arts, and knowledge of cultivated
life, the other the rude, unpolished nature of the
savage. The consequence might, therefore, be
naturally expected, that it is impossible that they
should constitute one" community with anything
like practical equality between them. IÑor lias
experience in the slightest degree disappointed
the deductions which a sound logic would have
derived from these considerations.
I have been told, and am in no way disposed
to doubt it, that for many years past the rem-
nants of Indian tribes still lingering in most of
the old States of this Union have been treated with
kindness and humanity.    But of what avail have
been all the efforts of age to elevate their character
and improve their condition?   Alas! that char-
acter has continued todescend tothelowestdeptlrs
of degradation, and that condition to unmitigated
misery.    Thus has it always been with the In-
dians, when surrounded by a white population; !
and thus it must always be, until the laws of',
nature and society shall undergo such change.as '
can only be produced by the impress of the Deity, i
Nor can there be difficulty in explaining it.    The I
poor Indian, (and in such condition he is indeed
poor,) of inferior and degraded cast, associates
with none of the white race, but such as are qual-
ified to sink him into still deeper degradation.
What, then, should be done to save the remnant
from the moral pestilence which would inevitably
await them, if relief and salvation shall be delayed
until these causes shall be brought to operate
upon them?   There is no remedy but to remove
them beyond the reach of the contamination which
will surely come over them, if permitted to re-
main until they shall be surrounded by the causes
to which I have adverted.    By making the appro-
priation asked for in the bill now under consid-
eration, you will not only save the Cherokees
from the fate which has already befallen their
kindred in nearly all the old States of the Union,
but you will place them where they will only be
safe from the evils I have so imperfectly pour-
trayed, but will ensure that improvement and
elevation of character us snail ciu..t: uiuir poster-
ity to raise up and call you blessed, and at the
same time fulfill an obligation to one of the States
of this Union, already deferred for more than a
third of a century.
. One word more, and I have done. We have
heard much here and elsewhere of the conduct
of Georgia towards the Indians. I shall not
apologize, for she does not need it for any act of
legislation of hers, either in its principles or reg-
ular application. The Cherokees drove her to
the alternative of surrendering forever to a hostile
and foreign Government a portion of her own
territory, or extending her jurisdiction over it.
In this extremity she adopted the course sanc-
tioned by the example of all the original States
of the Union. She determined to govern her
own territory, and the people upon it, in her own
way. Whatever of seeming severity may be
found in her legislation on this subject, is the
consequence of Cherokee defiance of her lawful
authority, sanctioned and encouraged here and
elsewhere by those whose sympathies are a
thousand times stronger towards the Indian and
African race than  for the white man of the
South, especially if he be a citizen of Georgia—
by men who have but one short stop to take to
be found brandishing the tomahawk and scalp-
ing-knife in the ranks of the Indian.
WESTERN BOUNDARY OF ARKANSAS.
REMARKS OF HON. HORACE EVERETT,
OF VERMONT,
In the House of Representatives,
June 13, 1636,
On the Arkansas supplemental Bill—the question being on
extending its western boundary, or the extinguishment
of Indian titlir.
Mr. EVERETT said he desired   to prevent
any misapprehension as to the case of Missouri,
alluded  to by the  gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Huntsman.]    If the remarks of the gentle-
man should be published,an incorrect impression
would be made.   The case of Missouri could not
be quoted as a precedent for the case in this bill.
The land proposed to be eventually annexed to
Arkansas is now in the possession of the Chero-
kees, under the guarantee of a treaty, assigning
it to them as their permanent home.    But on the
¡and eventually to oe annexed to Missouri there
is not a single Indian who has any claim to remain
under any treaty.    In  1S34, the Committee on
Indian Affairs, without having  regard to any
interest but that of the Indians themselves, ex-
cluded this territory from  the Indian country,
and on the ground that it would be unsafe to
place them on this narrow slip, where they must
of necessity be brought into frequent collision
with the whites.    The Missouri river is the nat-
ural outlet for the produce of the western part of
Missouri.   Tlfey would pass through it, unless
prevented by force.   No Indian tribe could there
maintain the policy intended to be established in
the Indian country—an exclusion of the whites.
When it was settled that it should not be included
| in the Indian country, the only thing that could
! be done was to annex it to Missouri.  The Indian
title  was  to   every  purpose  beneficent to  the
Indian—extinguished,  but yet not absolutely.
The land had been ceded by certain tribes for the
use of such tribes as the President should locate
thereon.  All the tribes ceding it had been located
elsewhere, except a remnant of the iowas, which
were about to join their tribe on a location out
of this territory; so that all the Indian title re-
maining was  this  trust, that the land should
remain for the use of such Indian nations as the
President should locate thereon.   It was  now
settled that no Indian would be located there.  In
1834, when the report referred to was made,
there was an unratified treaty ceding a J)art of
this land to the Pottawatomies.  In consequence,
probably, of the report, that treaty was ratified
on the condition that they should relinquish the
land; which they did.   An appropriation had
been made the present session to extinguish the
Indian title.    He referred to the report of the
Committee on Indian Affairs accompanying the
Missouri bill, for a full explanation of the sub-
ject.             ^_____________
FORTIFICATION BILL.
REMARKS OF HON. R. BOON,
OF INDIANA,
In the House op Representatives,
June 15,1836.
The subject then under consideration being the Fortifi-
cation Bill—
Mr. BOON said that he had heard from a cer-
tain quarter, much of self praise from gentlemen
who claimed for themselves the honor of being the
only faithful " public sentinels" to watch the pub-
lic Treasury and to guard against what they were
pleased to call a wasteful expend i ture of the money
of the "dear people." Sir, (said Mr. B.,) all
this may be well enough, and he would not dis-
pute this point with gentlemen who might think
proper to claim for themselves this honorable dis-
tinction. But he would say to those honorable
gentlemen that there were (too descriptions of
I " public sentinels." One description or charac-
ter of " public sentinels " (said Mr. B.) are the
advocates of high taxes being imposed upon the
people for the purpose of enriching the public
Treasury. The other description of " public sen-
tinels" are those who guard the pocket: and the
pwr.se of the people against the imposition of any-
higher or more tax than a sum sufficient only for
a prudent and economical support of the Gov-
ernment under which we live. Sir, (said Mr.
B.,) I profess to belong to this latter description
of "public sentinels," having been placed upon
the public watchtower, by a highly respectabie
and intelligent portion of the freemen of this na-
tion. But we are told that some fifty or sixty
millions of dollars over and above the wants of
theGovernment, have been drawn from the pockets
of the people, and locked up in the deposit banks,
and that utter ruin to the country will follow, un-
less it should be speedily taken and distributed
among the twenty-six States that now composo
our Federal Union.
Now, if this vast sum of surplus revenue is
really likely to produce the evil complained of, I
ask to what political party, and to which descrip-
| tion of "public sentinels," should the blame
attach ? Surely not to the friends of this Admin-
istration, for they have been the uniform advo-
cates of reducing the taxes of the people to a
standard of revenue sufficient only for the legiti-
mate purposes of the Government. Sir, this has
been, and still is, the policy advocated by this
Administration and its friends; while, on the
other hand, a system oí high taxes has been advo-
cated by those who have stood opposed to this
Administration, and who now claim to be the
only faithful "public sentinels" to guard with
vigilance the money which they have been mainly
instrumental in forcing from the pockets of the
people, by an unjust and unequal and oppressive
" system" of taxation. I allude, Mr. Chairman,
to your high tariff law's and your public land laws.
Sir, the day is not very far distant when the
people, the working men of this country will see
where the shoe pinches, as well as feel it, and
will, as sure as we now live, apply the proper
remedy in due season.
Mr. B. said the people were ever ready to-
redress grievances which might be brought upon
them by their public agents. The people, under
the present state of affairs in our political his-
tory, would naturally be brought to inquire into
the causes that have produced the evil at present
' complained of, and they will readily perceive
that it has been produced by over-taxing the
many for the benefit of the few, and they will
indignantly throw off the yoke of oppression by-
discarding from their service unfaithful public
agents. Mr. B. said the people of this country
would not be satisfied with the plan proposed for
distributing the surplus revenue, for many good
and valid reasons; one of which was, that the
j project, if adopted, would create an army of
pensioned overseers—not pensioners for services;
rendered in their country's defense in times of
war, but pensioners to disburse the money of the
people, and to act as overseers over the working-
men of the country, who, to obtain one dollar,
| or even one cent of the " spoils," would have to
earn it by the sweat of their brow, by digging
' for it in the mud, and in ditches and swamps.
!     Mr. B. said the effect of this new " system'*
| might be told in a very few words. The people
are to be taxed under the operation of the tariff
laws, and in the purchase of the public lands,
with a view to raise a large sttrp/us fund over and
above the wants of the General Government, to-
be placed in the several State treasuries, to be
applied to certain objects under the direction of
the State Legislatures; and while a portion of the
people and the respective States may in some
degree be benefited by the measure, there will
be other portions, equally entitled to the benefit
of the " spoils," that must and will, from the very
nature of things, go wholly unprovided for out
of this fund, so raised by a tax levied on the
people at large. Who cannot perceive a state of
things that must grow out of this new and, to say
the feast, doubtful policy. Why, I again ask,
the necessity of over taxing the people to raise a
large surplus in the Treasury, to be scrambled
for by Congress, and to be quarreled over by
