484
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 7,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
District Bank Charters—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
opposition, which seemed to be useless, at that
late stao-e.    But there were occasions when he
never took such things into calculation, and when
he continued to resist pernicious measures, regard-
less of common usages, as lone as the forms of
parliamentary proceeding would allow him to go
on.    Thus he had acted at the passing of the
United States Bank charter in 1832; thus ho did
ot the passing of the resolution against President
Jackson in 1334; and thus he did at the passing
of the famous land bill at the present session.  He
had continued to speak against all these measures
long after speaking seemed to be of any avail;
anu'far from regretting, he had reason to rejoice
at the course that he" had pursued.    The event
proved him to be right; for all these measures,
though floated through this Chamber upon the
swelling wave of a resistless and impatient ma-
jority, had quickly run their breef career. Their
day of triumph had been short.  The bank char-
ter perished at the first general election; the con-
demnatory resolution was received by the conti-
nent in a tempest of execration; and the land bill,
that last hope of expiring party, has dropped an
abortion from the Senate.    It is dead even here,
in this Chamber, where it originated—where it
was once so omnipotent that, to speak against it
was deemed by some to be an idle consumption
of time, and by others to be an Unparliamentary
demonstraron against the ascertained will of the
House.  Yet that land bill is finished. Thatbrief
candle is out.   The Senate has revoked that bill;
has retracted—recanted—and sung its palinode
over that unfortunate conception.    It has sent
out a committee—an extraordinary committee of
nine—to devise some other scheme for dividing
that same money which the land bill divides!
and in doing so, the Senate has authentically ,
declared a change of opinion, and a revocation of i
its sentiments in favor of that bill.    Thus it has I
happened, in recent and signal cases, that, by '
continuing the contest after the battle seemed to
be lost, the battle was in fact gained; and so it
may be again.    These charters may yet be de-
feated, and whether they will be or not, is nothing
to me.    I believe them to be wrong—greatly,
immeasurably wrong!   and   shall  continue  to
oppose them without regard to calculations or
consequences, until the rules of parliamentary
proceeding shall put an end to the contest.
Mr. B. said he had moved for a select commit-
tee at the commencement of the session to ex-
amine into the condition of these banks, and he
had done so with no other object than to endeavor
to provide some checks and guards for the security
of the country against the abuses and excesses
of the paper system. The select committee had
not been raised. The standing committee on the
District of Columbia had been charged with the
subject; and seeing that they had made a report
adverse to his, opinions, and brought in a bill
which he could not sanction, it would be his part
to act upon the meager materials which had been
placed before the Senate, and to endeavor to ac-
complish, as a member of the body, what could
have been attempted, with better prospects of
success, as a member of a committee which had
had the management of the subject.
The committee have reported for six banks in
one bill, all of them existing institutions, and
some of them having twice had charters before.
In fact, there are seven banks to be rechartered,
but reduced to six by the consolidation of two
into one. The leading provisions of the bill are,
1. Capital, amounting to $2,250,000; 2. Duration,
till the year 1850; 3. Nature of capital—specie,
funds equivalent to specie, and property equiva-
lent to specie, the proportions of each not fixed;
4. Circulation, equal to the capital; 5. A future
provision against small notes; 6. The charters
subject to amendment by Congress; and 7. No
bonus, or any reduction of interest, or taxation
on capital, or circulation in lieu of it. These are
the leading provisions; and against banks so con-
stituted, and so rechartered, Mr. B. said he felt
numerous and insuperable objections, which he
would proceed to state to the Senate with the
brevity and precision, if not with the perspicuity
and force, which the occasion required. And he
would premise, that he considered the legislation
of Congress on this subject as not confined to the
District of Columbia, but calculated to affect, by
its example, the banking system, for good or for
evil, throughout the whole Union.
Mr. B. objected to the bill because, in the first
place, it contained a batch, or litter of banks, no
less than seven, all pigging together, if he might
use the expression of Edmund  Burke, in one
truckle bed.   He was opposed to combining banks
in their  births;  they combined  with sufficient
rapidity of themselves, after they were  born.
Every bank in its creation should rest upon its
own merits, and not upon association.    When
several were  put together, the friends of each
naturally stood together, and might make up a
majority for the whole out of minorities for each.
In this case, four Senators for each bank will re-
charter the whole.   There might be no combina-
tions in this case; there might be no covenants
for mutual support; there might be no alliances;
but the principle was objectionable, and an exam-
ple so pernicious ought not to be set by Congress.
A union of interests is unsafe in all legislation.  It
is avoided everywhere.* We avoid it in all our <
laws; in bills for the relief of individuals; in bills
for pensioners and for local objects.    Above all,
it should be avoided in the creation, and still more
in the continuation, of banks. They are moneyed
powers, seeking privileges at the expense of the
community.   They are corporations, i n the hands
of managers, and can readily unite their means,
and combine their strength, to perpetuate their
existences.    It is not a case in which the rods
should be tied together—in which the sticlcs should
be made into a bundle—that the union of all might
give strength to each, which, separately, it does
not possess.   Each bank should stand alone in
the acquisition of its charter.    Surely they can
be passed fast enough, one at a time, and a few
at a session.    It is not a case in which it is advis-
I able to promote double births and even litters;
far better for the Senate to imitate, in the crea-
tion of these corporations, the slow and parsi-
I monious gestation of theelephunt, than to emulate
1 the rapid  and  prolific fecundity of the rabbit.
Even in New York, that State so much reproached
for the multiplication of banks, they still produce
them at single births.
Mr. B. objected, in the next place, to these
charters, because they were renewals; they were
all renewals, and some of them for a third time.
This was adding perpetuity to monopoly. It was
perpetuating a privilege. It was bad enough to
grant exclusive privileges in the first instance; it
was far worse to renew and perpetuate them. It
was perpetuating privileges in the hands of a few;
in the hands of a little family circle, only a little
knot, or nest of men, who, having got possession
of a bank, concentrate all its power and all its
¡ benefits in the hands of some half dozen or dozen
1 individuals, to the exclusion and prejudice of the
existing community, and of the whole rising
generation. He was against renewals of charters'.
] It was not only wrong to perpetuate them, but
right to wind them up, and see whether they
were able to wind up. There was no way to
ascertain their condition but to wind them up.
The exhibition of their books and papers was
nothing. The worst banks often make the best
exhibitions. Finally, if banks were beneficial
institutions, they ought to be diffused; they ought
to change hands; they should be subjected to the
law of rotation. If bad, they ought to be restrained
and checked.
A third objection taken by Mr. B. to what he
called this oven-full of banks, was, that part of
the batch was spoiled; three of them were broken;
three of them had stopped payment—had stopped
during the panic of 1834—and when there was
no necessity for a good bank to stop, as was
proved by the fact that out of seven hundred and
fifty banks in the United States, hone but these
three, and one more in Baltimore, closed their
doors. The three to which this objection applied
were, the Farmers and Mechanics' Bank of
Georgetown, the Bank of Washington, and the
Patriotic Bank of Washington. Without the
slightest reference to the question whether these
stoppages were the result of good or bad inten-
tions, Mr. B. held it to be sufficient that, in point
of fact, they did stop when no others, but one,
in the country stopped—a defect of some sort
was thereby established to be in them; and surely
the country was not so bad off for banks as to
be without the means of getting any unless they
take these defective ones! Banks which stop in
this way prove that the fault is in themselves;
that the cause of failure is not general, but par-
ticular; is not in the country, but in themselves.
There is a presumption against them, and they
should be set aside; there is a flaw in them, and
they should be examined by themselves; there
is a leprous spot upon them, and they should
be separated from the rest. This single cause,
then, without reference to good or bad intentions,
without reference to necessity or willfulness in
the failure, should be sufficient to prevent the
renewal of the charters to these three banks,
and, by consequence, to prevent the renewal of
all that are in the same bill with them. A lesson
of public justice should be taught, that a few
banks which have failed when others did not,
are no longer entitled to public favor; that they
are no longer upon a footing with other banks,
and must not only go down themselves, but carry
down those which embark in the same vessel
with them. Not only justice upon the past, but
security for the future, requires this discrimina-
tion. A bank should see that to fail when others
generally do not, is to die; and the fear of this
would stimulate it to the greatest exertions to
avoid a stoppage.
This should be the fate of banks stopping pay-
ment when others do not, without regard to the
cause of the stoppage; but in the case of the three
banks referred to, there are special reasons for
placing them under the ban of legislation. They
stopped at a time, and under circumstances, to
forfeit the confidence of the country, and cer-
tainly to lose all title to the favor of the Democ-
racy of the Union. Materials would be forth-
coming—and here Mr. B. alluded to the labors
of the select committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives on the banks of the District—materials
would be forthcoming, he undertook to say, be-
fore these charters had made their way through
all the forms of legislation, which would enable
gentlemen to speak with precision, and to form
opinions from authentic data in hand. The ex-
treme meagerness of the report of the Senate's
committee was a deficiency to be regretted; but
the select committee of the House might supply
what was wanting, and the inference was strong
in favor of the fullness of their report from what
is well understood, namely, that that committee
has arrived at conclusions directly the reverse of
those which have been presented by the Senate's,
committee. He would limit himself, then, to 
saying that these banks stopped payment during
the panic session of Congress in 1834, and re 
sumed payment shortly after the Congress ad-
journed; that there were reasons for believing,
and of this he had shown some evidence when
he spoke some days before, that they stopped
voluntarily, and in conformity with the predic-
tions daily made in the two Houses of Congress,
and resumed again voluntarily when they found
that other banks would not obey the predictions 
and after the laboring part of the community had
been fleeced of the notes which they held, and
some uninitiated stockholders had been fleeced
of their stock. He presumed there would be
materials for forming a judgment upon all these
points before the two Houses of Congress were
done with the subject; and that the delinquent
institutions could not be saved by the expedient
of putting them into the same bill with the de-
posit bank of the District. He, for one, could
not be coerced by that conjunction. The Admin-
istration can do better without a deposit bank
than with it in this District. The treasurer can>
be treasurer here, and can keep gold and pay it
out, and give checks on any part of the United
States to those who did not choose to receive
their money here. At the most, it would only
want a bank of discount and deposit, not of cir-
culation.
Pursuing his objections, and dealing more than
he would wish in general statements, for want of
fullness and precision in the committee's report,
Mr. B. arrived at what he conceived to be the
actual condition of these banks—the whole seven
taken together, as they came together, and had
evinced a determination to live and die together.
Taken in the lump, and he presumed it might be
said that, since they were all rechartered in 1821 
