488
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 7,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
District Charter Banks—Mr. Benton.
Sen
ate.
5 To save them from the impositions of counter-
feiters, from losses when banks fail, and from
bearing the whole burden of the wear and tear
ofsmaü notes; and 6. To save hard money enough
in the country to make it safe to have such paper
currency as commerce and large dealings may re-
quire. These are the objects to be accomplished,
and less than twenty dollars will have no adequate
effect; far better would be the limit of one hundred
dollars, as it is nearly in France, and where that
limit insures a circulation of nine tenths gold and
silver, and one tenth paper; namely, upwards of
five hundred million dollars of one, and fifty mil-
lions of the other. Wise would it be in any single
State to adopt this limit, and to exclude all notes
under that amount from circulation within its
borders; that State would become the richest and
the happiest in the Union. It would be, in its
moneyed concerns, to the rest of the Union, what
France is to the rest of Europe, the absorbent of
their precious metals, the perennial fountain of golden
supply to its citizens, and the land of rest from the
panics and pressures, tlie ebbs and flows, the feasts
and famines, the dearths and deluges, the expansions,
contractions, and revulsions, and all the crimes and
misfortunes of the paper system.
But to proceed with the twenty dollar limit.
While England had notes as low as one and two
pounds, which we may call five and ten dollars,
the specie basis contracted and diminished until
silver could only be got for small change, and
gold fled entirely from the country.    The mint
was forever coining; but the guineas and sover-
eigns went straight to France; and it was testified
by Mr. Alexander Baring, before a committee of
the House of Commons, that the gold coinage of
the British mint, during this period, was regularly
recoined in France, often without seeing the light
in England; being packed in boxes and shipped
as it issued from the mint, delivered in Paris
before it was a week old, and swallowed up in
the ocean of French currency by passing through
the French mint and assuming the stamp and
arms of France. The suppression of the one and
two pound notes in  1819, and the five pound
limit, with the compulsory obligation  on  the
Bank of England to pay all its notes in gold,
restored the gold currency in that country, and
so extended and enlarged the specie basis as to
make his currency half and half—half specie
and half paper—the specie two thirds gold and
one third silver, and the paper all of five pounds,
about twenty-four dollars and upwards.   This
has made a paper currency safe in England, for
it is dollar for dollar; it has given to the laboring
and small dealing classes a hard money currency,
and it has taken from the counterfeiters their
chief and favorite classes of notes for imitation.
Mr. B. took the great ground, that where a paper
currency was tolerated at all, the safely ana wel-
fare of the community required the specie pro-
portion to be one half; that it required a five
pound limit, and gold payments, to effect that
object in England; that a limit of twenty dollars
would not effect it in the United States; and he
was only restrained from proposing the French
limit from the impossibility of contending suc-
cessfully with the bank power at present, now
omnipotent in  the country, engrossing the time
and governing the legislation, in whatever related
to their own interests.    A twenty dollar limit
would not give a substratum of half specie, even
if our banks were compelled to pay all gold; but
there is no compulsion on them to pay any part-,
and the efforts to bring them to half payments in
gold would be long and bitterly resisted.   Gold
is the enemy of paper; it keeps it down when
the holder of the paper has a right to demand
gold; and thus a paper currency, founded upon
gold, as it is in England, will always be kept
more within  bounds   than   a   paper  currency
founded upon silver.   Silver is too cumbrous to
hold paper in check.   A person would not wish
to change even a twenty dollar note into silver
to carry in his pocket, but would gladly change
it into gold; and so of fifty and hundred dollar
notes.
The next improvement on the paper currency
which Mr. B. proposed was contained in his fifth
proposition, namely, that all the notes and paper
currency issued by the banks should be payable,
not in gold or silver, but in gold and silver; one
half of either at the option of the demander, the
other half at the option of the bank. This (Mr.
B. said) would be perfectly equitable; it would
insure an equal supply of each metal in the coun-
try, without requiring the banks to keep enough
of both metals to meet their whole circulation.
It was also in accordance with the Constitution
of the United States—with the recent law of Con-
gress for the reéstablishrnent of the gold cur-
rency—with the nature of the mines in our own
country, and with the rights and interests of the
people. The Constitution intended that gold and
silver should continue to be what it was at the
time of the framing of that instrument, a concur-
rent currency in the country. This intention,
made clear in all the debates upon the subject, is
expressly declared in article 1, section 10. Gold
and silver are there joined together. They are
joined by the conjunctive particle, " and, not
separated by the disjunctive particle, " or." The
act of Congress of 1834, for the reéstablishrnent
of the gold currency, and the subsequent act for
the establishment of three branch mints, all show
that it is the intention of the Government, ap-
proved by the voice of the people, to have gold
as well as silver. The nature of our mines .leads
to it. We have gold mines, but no silver ones.
Gold is, therefore, a domestic production, and
should become a national currency. The rights
and interests of the people require a gold cur-
rency; they have a right to it under the Constitu-
tion of the country and under the laws of the land;
their interest requires it for checking the paper
system, regulating exchanges, preventing coun-
terfeiting, furnishing convenient money for trav-
eling, and preserving the most uniform and
universal standard of value. Thus stands the
Constitution, the laws, the products of the coun-
try, and the rights and interests of the country in
relation to gold.
But the banks have a contrary interest! The
whole paper system is adverse to gold ! Excep-
tions of particular banks may be found; but the
instinct of the paper system is against it; and a
bank will pay in the least valuable and most
cumbrous metal which it is permitted to offer.
Between gold and silver, it will pay in silver;
between silver and copper, it will pay in copper;
between copper and iron, it will pay in iron.
This is the instinct of the system, and now, in
these United States, after all that has been done
to revive the gold currency, that coin will be
withheld from circulation, and sold for exporta-
tion, the moment the present excitement is over,
and the aid of Jackson is withdrawn. This
would be the case even without the impulse of a
political motive, and without the instigation of
party spirit, and without the regulation of party
discipline; but, unfortunately, a powerful polit-
ical party is opposed to gold in our country!
The Bank-Whig party is opposed to it; and the
whole political power and party machinery of
these Whigs, as they style themselves, will be
exerted to suppress gold, and encourage small
paper, that out of the evils incident to such a
state of things a depreciated currency may ensue,
and the Bank of the United States may be called
for to remedy the disorder. Law, then, is neces-
sary to compel the banks to pay gold; and no
measure more equitable could bo devised than
that of half payments in either metal; the de-
mander having the first choice, and the bank the
next.
The equity of this principle being clear, the
next consideration is, as to its practicability. On
this point, facts and reasons are equally explicit.
The banks can pay half their currency in gold in
one year from this time, if they please ! They
could have done it thissummerif they had pleased!
The Federal Government could have had all its
surplus now in gold, if Congress had given the
President authority to supply the Mint with gold
bullion and foreign coins. The state of the for-
eign exchanges is, and has been for months,
decidedly in favor of the United States, and the
importation has been, and continues to be, a prof-
itable business. It is a money making business to
import gold, and the custom-house returns show
that it is coming of itself, in the course of com-
merce, independent of the purchases and importa-
tions effected by some banking institutions. A
few of the deposit banks, as he had understood,
had ordered importations to the amount of four
or five millions. The Government had ordered
home the French and Neapolitan indemnities in
gold, the total of which will be $7,000,000. An
equal sum of $7,000,000 had been coined at our
Mint, under the new law; and the native southern
mines were promising a good product. There
could be no doubt, with the slightest exertion on
the part of the banks, that one half the specie cur-
rency of the Union might be gold in the course
of the ensuing year. It must be nearly twenty
millions when President Jackson goes out of ser-
vice; the whole specie currency was computed by
the Secretary of the Treasury at $64,000,000 at
the end of the last year. It is probably increased
to $70,000,000, and ought to bo increased to
$100,000,000. The limitation of twenty dollars
in the size of notes, and the compulsory obliga-
tion on the banks to pay one half in gold, would
certainly and quickly augment our specie cur-
rency to $100,000,000; we have already doubled
it in two years, for it was computed at about
$30,000,000 at the time of the panic in 1834. War
upon small notes and the introduction of gold has
made this great increase; a vigorous prosecution
of that war, and further measures for the protec-
tion of gold, will certainly add $30,000,000 more
in a short time,
Mr. B. said he here wished to fix the attention
of those who were in favor of a respectable paper
currency—a currency of respectable sized notes
of twenty dollars and upwards—on the great fact,
that the larger the specie basis, the larger and
safer would be the superstructure of paper which
rested upon it; the smaller that specie basis,
the smaller and more unsafe must be the paper
which rested on it. The currency of England is
$300,000,000, to wit: ¿8,000,000 sterling (near
$40,000,000) in silver, ¿22,000,000 sterling (above
$100,000,000) in gold, and about ¿30,000,000
(near $150,000,000) in bank notes. The currency
of the United States is difficult to be ascertained,
from the multitude of banks, and the incessant
ebb and flow of their issues; calculations yary,
but all put the paper circulation at less than one
hundred millions, and the proportion of specie
and paper at more than one half paper. This is
agreed upon on all hands, and is sufficient for the
practical result, that an increase of our specie to
$100,000,000, and the suppression of small notes,
will give a larger total circulation than we now
have, and a safer one. The total circulation may
then be two hundred millions, in the proportion
of half paper and half specie; and the specie, half
gold and half silver. This would be an immense
improvement upon our present condition both in
quantity and quality; the paper part would be-
come respectable from the suppression of notes
under twenty dollars, which are of no profit ex-
cept to the banks which issue them, and the
counterfeiters who imitate them; the specie part
would be equally improved by becoming one half
gold.
Mr. B. could not quit this important point,
namely, the practicability of soon obtaining a
specie currency of $100,000,000, and the one half
gold, without giving other proofs to show the
facility with which it has been everywhere done
when attempted. He referred to our own history
immediately after the Revolution, when the dis-
appearance of paper money was instantly fol-
lowed, as if by magic, by the appearance of gold
and silver; to France, where the energy of the
great Napoleon, then first consul, restored an
abundant supply of gold and silver in one year;
to England, where the acquisition of gold was at
the rate of $24,000,000 per annum for four year 
after the notes under five pounds were ordered to
be suppressed; and he referred with triumph to
our own present history, when, in defiance of an
immense anil powerful political and moneyed
combination against gold, we will have acquired
about $20,000,000 of that metal in the two con-
cluding years of President Jackson's administra-
tion. Resting upon the general notoriety of the
facts which he had stated relative to the rapid
and easy acquisition of gold in all the instances
referred to, he would economise time,and adduce
proof in one instance only, that of England in
¡ 1819, after the suppression of the one and two
jj pound notes, and the resumption of gold pay-
ii ments.  Of many authors at hand, he would use,
