1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
investments' Even should the amounts to be
linos.td tar evcetd their most fluteiing calcula-
tion , tilt, amount ot these stocks would much
n,nit than equal the sum total ot suipius, and he
noped to quiet their apprehensions foi the futuie
uv un conlidt nt asauiauce, which the history of
tue i.iius would tully watiant, that unless a
íadical change in the polity of (die States should
be produced, the increase ot ¡a -Ue loans, and
co isiqtumly ot State stocks and other State
eciuntiis, would lai outstrip the accumulations
ot snip us levinue in the national Tieasury.
Butannihci loimidabie objection had piesented
nstll to the minds of some, in the supposition
that any attempt on the part of this Government
to nntst the suipius moneys of the Tieasury in
tlase stocks would, at once, raise the price ot the
stocks ni the maiket to an extent so extravagant
as to make the investments matter of nnpoitant
]o s. lie would beg gentlemen who urged this
objection to araembei agonist what descnption
ot investments they weie using the argument.
Take an example. You propose to purchase a
five pet cent, stock of one ot the States, upon
winch the interest is payable quartti-yearly, and
the principal redeemable at the expiration of
twenty yeais. The only constdeiation which
cau m ike such a stock par in this country, where
money is almost always worth more than five
percent, foi oidiuaiy uses, is that of perfect secu-
rity and peifect punctuality in the paymtnts of
in.eiest and pnnupal If you paya piemium
upon such a stock and retain it until the principal
becomes due, the piemium paid is so much de-
ducted in advance from the accruing interests,
while, if the stock be not retained for the whole,
but a portion only, of the time it has to mn, its
market value is diminishing in precise proportion
to the lapse of time, and, of course, the prospect,
of rccoveiing the premium paid, by a resale,
diminishes constantly. All these are matters of
precise and perfect calculation; aud if-every doubt
us to die prompt and punctual payments of m-
teieitand pnncipal be removed, as in reference
to State stocks and securities they might be sup-
posed to be, they weie all the elements which
enteied into the value of tue given stock. How
much premium, then, he would ask, could be
paid5 Five per cent, premium would be the
whole inteiest for one year, or the twentieth part
ot all the interest to bu paid upon the stock, and
this latio would exhibit the effect upon the in-
terest of the purchase at any rate of premium.
How was it possible, then, that these stocks
could experience great fluctuations beyond those
occasioned by the diffeient value of money at
different periods' They could not, and their
lnstoi y in the market, as he had previously had
occasion to notice, had proved that they had not
fluctuated mateiially, after public confidence had
become established in their entire secuiity as in-
vestments. Indeed, he could go further, and say,
that the btate stocks had experienced no exten-
sive fluctuations at any period, but, on the con-
trary,then usual history had been a gradual use,
within certain limits, regulated by the value of
money and tlie desire for permanent investments,
in propoi tion as the stocks became known and
thtir perfect safety ascertained.
Some gentlemen (Mr. W. said) seemed to
suppose that the fact that the Government was to
become a purchaser, would, of necessity, affect
the price of these stocks in the maiket. This he
did not believe. He had had some experience in
transactions of this sort, while in charge of an
impoiUint fiscal office in his own, State, and acting
for the State, and that experience had taught htm
to believe that a public officer, acting with dis-
cretion, could purchase stocks of this character
upon as favorable terms as any other individual.
It the officer were to give public notice in advance
that upon a given day he would present himself
in the maiket and purchase a given amount of a
specified stock, he would, most undoubtedly,
have the puce of that stock raised upon him, and
would either defeat his intended purchase alto-
gether, or compel himself to pay an exorbitant
price. So with the commissioners of the sinking
fund under the provisions of this act, but did any
one suppose those officers would take that course
in making the investments they are required to
make' No, Mr. President; no officers or agents
of intelligence and inteffiity will thus discharge
such a tiust. They will fust ascertain, at the
times specified, the amount of money to be
invested, and will then give then instructions to
tiustwortliy and confidential agents, stock-bro-
kers, or others, at the points where the desued
stocks are to be found, to make the necessary
puichasps for them. Their agents go into the
maiket as other private individuals go theie, not
pioelaiming themselves as the representatives of
the United ¡states, but as purchasers of State
stocks for investment, and pi offering the money,
at the market value, to those who wish to sell.
Their purchases, like all others, will be regulated
by the relative value of money and of the stocks
puichased, and, so far from the price being
affected by the circumstance that the Government
is in fact the puichaser, the seller may never
know that fact. He makes his transfer to the
nominal purchaser, and that purchaser to the
United States, and it is only by following the
transfeis upon the books kept in the transfer
office, that it will become known that the Gov-
ernment has puichased the stocks. This fact
may not be made known until the investments
are completed, and the purchases for the Govern-
ment have closed. So with the sales, when the
Government may find it necessary to sell; and
no apprehension, therefore, can be justly enter-
tained by reason of the connection of the public
Treasury with these operations.
Mi. W said it was undoubtedly true, in case
large amounts were to be invested at one time,
that an appreciation of the stocks might be the
consequence. It was a law of trade, of universal
application, that an unusual demand for any
aiticle in the market had a tendency to raise the
price  f that article in a ratio governed by the
demand and supply, and, in reference to the in-
vestments provided for, this rule would operate
in the same msnner that it would upon mercan-
tile, or any other transactions of trade. As, how-
eve!, he had shown, he hoped satisfactorily to
the Senate, that the amounts to be invested, as
surplus beyond the appropuations made by Con-
gress, could not be large, and that the amount
of stocks in the market, of the description to
which the investments were confined, was ample
at present, and would increase much more rapidly
than any possible increase of our surplus reve-
nues, he thought he had answered the two last
objections named so effectually as to prevent
their repetition.
Another objection had been made to the prop-
ositions he had submitted, of a personal charac-
ter. It had been said that the commissioners of
the sinking fund were not the persons to whom
the trust of making these investments ought to be
confided. Mr. W. said he had named these com-
missioners, not because he had any especial pref-
erence for those particular officers, as the trustees
of the Treasury, upon this particular occasion.
Indeed, he did not know that he could tell who
the commissioners were at the present moment,
but he believed the Vice President, the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court, the Secretaries of
State and of the Treasury, and the Attorney Gen-
eral, were of the number, if not the whole board.
He must be permitted to say he had full and entire
confidence in the individuals who now held those
impoi tant offices, and, for himself, he would most
cheerfully confide to their intelligence and integ-
rity any tiust, pecuniary or political; but he had
designated the commissioners of the sinking fund
for the reason that our fathers had designated
those high officers, whoever the individuals might
chance to be, to discharge much more important
duties in reference to the great and vital inteiests
of the Treasury, the payment of the national debt,
and not from any personal or political attachment
to the gentlemen who now filled the places. If
objection was to be seriously made on account of
this feature of the propositions, and any Senator
would name other public officers, whose duties
would permit the requisite attention to the trust,
and who could be less exceptionably charged
with it, he would most cheerfully consent to the
change. He was sure he did not mistake the
feelings of any one of the officers he had named
when he said he could not render to them a more
acceptable service than by discharging them from
the unpleasant responsibilities which a faithful
execution of the proposed trust might impose.
He had been unable, however, after the most
mature reflection upon the subject, to change the
selection of trustees, and must, therefore, wait to
heai the suggestions of those who found objec-
tion in this part of his propositions. He had
heard the objections with patience, and he would
endeavoi to íeceive and consider any amendments
with impartiality and candor.
Mr. W. said, when he had originally offered
the sections of the bill upon which he was now
íemarking, $7,000,000 was named as the sum to
be left in the Tieasury to meet the disbursements
ot each quai ter. Before he commenced his present
observations, he had modified the proposition by
striking out the word " seven," and thus leaving
the sum blank. He had done this because he
wished the vote might indicate the sense of the
Senate upon the principle contained in the sec-
tion, without involving objections of detail, which
it was most manifest the fixing of this sum would
involve. The counter proposition already offered
by the Senator from Sonth Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
houn,] with a much less sum ($3,000,000) in-
serted, afforded conclusive evidence of a wide
difference of opinion upon this point, and proved
satisfactorily to his mind that the question between
the two propositions ought to be presented to
the Senate without reference to this amount, that
the principle of each might be disembarrassed
from this mere difference of opinion as to the
amount to be left in the Treasury, whether the
one proposition or the other should be adopted.
He thanked the honorable Senator for his agree-
ment with him in this opinion, and for having
modified his propositions in conformity with it,
by leaving the sum blank in them also. Indeed
the fixing of this sum, in any event, ought to be
the act of the Senate, and not of any member of
the Senate who might choose to submit proposi-
tions as to the disposition of any surplus revenue
which might be found in the Treasury. This
position would be sound under any circum-
stances, and was more especially so at this time,
when appropriations to a greater extent than
usual were not only proposed to be made, but
conceded on all hands to be proper, and when,
therefore, the amount to be retained for the uses
of each quarter would be, to an unusual extent,
dependant upon the appropnationsactually made.
There was, however, a manifest difference as
to the sum which ought to supply the blank in
the section he had offered from that which had
been offered by the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Calhoun,] because the rule of action of the
two propositions upon the funds in the Treasury
was wholly different. ThatofFered by him directed
the commissioners of the sinking fund, at the
commencement of each quarter of the year, to
estimate not only the payments, but the receipts
for the coming quarter, and from that estimate to
determine the average of moneys to be found in
the Treasury for the quarter, and to invest all
above the amount which was to fill the blank in
question, in the manner pointed out in the pro-
visions. The antagonist propositions of the Sen-
ator provided for annual distributions, leaving in
the Treasury, regardless of future receipts, a
specified amount to meet outstanding appropria-
tions. The rule of calculation was, therefore, en-
tirely different, and the blank in each should be
filled with reference to that rule. In the former
case, the calculation w«s to be made at the com-
mencement of the quarter, and the receipts as well
as the expenditures of the quarter were to be
brought into the estimates, while, in the latter
case, a gross sum was to be left in the Treas-
ury, at the commencement of each year, which,
together with the receipts of the year not esti-
mated, was to constitute its means for the coming
year. In the one case the blank should be filled
by a sum which would meet the entire payments
of the quarter, while, in the other, it should be
such a sum as, when added to the whole receipts
of the future year, would meet the whole pay-
ments of that year. It was, therefore, most ap-
parent, that, in acting upon the different principles
proposed, this sum should be left blank, and that
the blank should be filled with reference to the
proposition adopted. It was equally apparent to
his mind that the sum to be inserted, in either
case, must depend mainly upon the appropria-
