494
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
tions made, and to be made, by Congress during
its present session. The quarterly payments
must surely depend upon that legislation, and the
question whether the receipts of the next year
will be equal to the expenditures of that year,
must also depend, in a great degree, upon the
amount of outstanding appropriations at the close
of this year. The appropriation bills for the
present year are very late. Few of them have
yet passed and become laws, although the one
half of the year has nearly expired. If, then, they
be greater than usual, there is the more reason to
expect that the amount of outstanding appropria-
tions, at the close of the year, will be unusually
large. This amount, whatever it may be, is to
be added to the current calls upon the Treasury
of the next year, and, therefore, in fixing upon a
sum to be left in the Treasury on the first day
of the year, the amount of outstanding appro-
priations should be especially regarded.
In this view of the subject, Mr. W. said he had
no hesitation in saying that the blank in the prop-
ositions of the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Calhoun,] could only be filled safely by a
deduction of the outstanding appropriations, sep-
arate from the sum which it might be necessary
to retain in the Treasury, at the commencement
of each year, to render it safe against all current
calls.    In reference to the propositions he had
submitted, entirely different considerations might
govern  our legislation.    In the first place, an
estimate was to  be made of the receipts and
expenditures of each quarter, and the sum to be
invested was to be regulated by that estimate, by
deducting from the moneys in the Treasury and
the estimated receipts for the quarter the esti-
mated payments for the same quarter. The esti-
mate, however, might be erroneous upon the one
side or the other, but the consequence of error,
in either case, could not be materially injurious
to the public interests.  If the estimate should be
too favorable to the Treasury, the only conse-
quence would be that the amount of the error
would remain in the Treasury uninvested, during
the quarter.    If, on the other hand, the estimate
should   be too  short, and  leave the Treasury
without  means, the propositions not only au-
thorize,  but direct,  the  commissioners of the
sinking fund immediately to sell so much of the
stocks in which the investments had been made
as may be necessary to supply the Treasury with
means equal to its wants.    At no time, under
these propositions, are the means placed beyond
the reach and control of the fiscal affairs of this
Government, or in a situation in which they can-
not be commanded by the action of the officers
and agents of this Government, to supply the
wants of the national Treasury.    The filling of
the blank, therefore, in this section, is much less
important than in that offered by the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun.]    In this
case the propositions of themselves provide a
correction for any error which may arise.  In the
other case, the money is placed in the keeping of
the States; is put beyond the reach of this Gov-
ernment or its officers, upon the mere security
of a legislative pledge for the repayment of the
principal, without interest, and cannot be re-
claimed,  whatever may  be the wants of the
national Treasury, but upon the voluntary, sep-
arate, and independent action of the Legislatures
of all  those States  which shall   receive  their
respective   dividends.     Hence   the far  greater
importance that the Senate should direct in this
matter, and that these blanks, and especially that
in the proposition of the Senator, should be filled
with great caution, and with particular reference
not only to the outstanding appropriations, but
to such future appropriations as arty measures of
national policy now to be adopted may require.
He had felt it to be his duty to throw out these
suggestions; and he would content himself with
their expression, until some specific motion to
fill the blank in the one or the other proposition
should bring the question more directly before
the Senate.
Mr. W. said he had two insuperable objections
to prefer against the propositions offered by the
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] for
a disposition of the surplus revenue. The first
was, that he considered them, in substance and
in effect, propositions tp make a general distribu-
tion to the States of all revenues in the national
Treasury from whatever source derived, and in
that sense, to embrace the adoption of a principle
which he considered more dangerous to our civil
institutions, State and national, than any other
which could be presented for the sanction of Con-
gress. The taxing powers of this Government
were to be used to accumulate money for distribu-
tion to the sovereign and independent States of
the Confederacy. Those States were to be taught
to look to this Government for the means to sup-
ply their wants; for the money to sustain their
institutions; for the funds to meet their legisla-
tive appropriations. Can relations of this sort
be established, and the independence of the States
be preserved? Can the government of a State
feel or exercise an independence of the power
which feeds and sustains it by direct and gratui-
tous contributions from its treasury ? What step
can be so eminently calculated as this to produce
speedy and perfect consolidation?
Mr. W. said he knew he should be answered
that it was not proposed to give but to loan this
money to the States, to take their bonds or securi-
ties for its repayment, upon the call of Congress.
It would be further said that the omission to charge
interest was a matter of entire discretion with
Congress, and of justice to the States, inasmuch
as the money had been collected from the people
of the States; and, if not wanted for the uses of
this Government, ought to be submitted to the
States, for their use, without charge. These were
specious answers to which the form of the prop-
ositions gave countenance; but what would be
their practical effect ? The money was to go to
the States upon a rule of distribution prescribed,
and claimed to be equal and just; it was to go to
them for any uses they may choose to make of it,
and without interest. In return for the money,
the several State Legislatures are to pass laws
declaring that the State will repay the principal
when Congress shall, by law, call for the' pay-
ment. Does any one believe that the national
Treasury will ever receive back one dollar of the
money distributed upon these terms? What is
the course? The immediate relation of debtor
and creditor is established between each of the
States and the Federal Government, and the power
to demand payment is left with the representa-
tives of the States and of the people of the States,
in the two Houses of Congress, while the response
to that demand rests with the States themselves,
acting through their respective Legislatures, or
otherwise, as they shall choose. The Treasury
is in want. Will the States, through their agents
here, make a demand upon themselves to supply
that want? Never, Mr. President. They may,
through that channel, call for increased distribu-
tions, but never for the repayment of moneys
which have been distributed and expended.
It must not be alleged, (said Mr. W.,) that in
making these remarks he expressed distrust of
the patriotism or faith of the States.   No man
entertained more confidence in both than himself;
but the government of the States was the govern-
ment of the people of the States, and the people
of the States composed the vast, sagacious, enter-
prising business community which all here in
common represent, and of whose interests they,
as an aggregate   number, are quite  as perfect
judges as their representatives anywhere.    He
should never express a doubt of their faith or
patriotism, nor did he doubt that they would, at
all times, and for all proper purposes, keep the
national Treasury fully and richly supplied.   If,
however, want should come upon that Treasury,
the manner of answering that want would be
before the people and subject to their interests
and their will.   If an increase of the duties upon
imports, an increase of indirect taxation, shall be
more acceptable to the majority than a call upon
the States for the money now proposed to be in-
! trusted  to them, that mode of supplying the
Treasury will, of course, be adopted.   Which—
| he would ask every Senator to answer to himself
! in candor and sincerity—which would be  the
i most probable resort ?   In case of a call upon the
, States, all would be equally interested, and all
| would be likely to resist.  Such a call, if the rule
I of distribution should be a proper and constitu-
tional rule, would be, in effect, precisely equiva-
i lent to laying a direct tax to the amount, and the
interests of no State or section of the country
could, in any event, be promoted by it; but in an
increase of the duties upon foreign importations
and the consequent increase of the revenue from
customs, a large majority of the people of the
whole Union, as experience has shown, may
easily be made to believe, if the fact be not so
that their interests will be directly and essentially
promoted. Who, then, can doubt that this mode
instead of a call upon the States for the money
parceled out to them, will be the mode of sup-
plying any future wants of the Treasury, so long
as a resort to this indirect taxation can reach that
object? If a calamitous and expensive war shall
come upon the nation, and our commerce shall
be so far interrupted or destroyed as to render
any rates of duty upon imports an inadequate
supply to the Treasury, then, indeed, this money
might be called for, because then no other resort
but to such a call, or to a direct tax, would re-
main to Congress. Still, an important and most
delicate question would, even then, be likely to
govern the action of the National Legislature.
Each State would calculate the relative effect upon
itself of a call for the money, or a direct tax to
raise the same amount. The interests of the
States whose populations shall have relatively
diminished between the time of the receipt of the
money and the time when a call shall be pro-
posed, will dictate to it, and to its representatives
here, to favor a direct tax in preference to a call,
because its proportion of the tax will be less than
was its proportion of the money, distributed
when its relative position among the States was
higher. On the contrary, the relatively increas-
ing States, those whose population shall bear a
higher proportion to the whole when the call comes
than when the distribution took place, will favor
a call instead of a tax, because the'proportion of
money falling to their share will have been less
than their proportion of tax when they shall have
become relatively more populous. The prepon-
derance of these interests will, of course, determ-
ine the action of Congress when the crisis shall
have arrived.
If this view of the subject be sound and prac-
tical, will any one contend that the disposition
of the surplus, according to these propositions,
is, in effect, anything less than a general and
unrestricted distribution of it to the States ? The
repayment is submitted to their action, and is
subject to their pleasure, and all the constitutional
I means for a supply of money to the Treasury,
' separate from a call for this money, will be con-
stantly as open to them, and to their Represent-
I atives here, as they now are, and will remain, if
1 this distribution be not made. Is, then, the posi-
tion sound, that Congress will never make the
call until a necessity either of levying a direct
tax or of making it, shall exist? And if it be, is
j the position of the General Government made, in
i any respect, better by having required the promise
i of repaymeut as a condition precedent to dividing
out the moneys of the Treasury to the States ?
Mr W. said he could not see that it was, while
he could see the most fearful evils which might
arise from this debtor and creditor relation be-
tween the States and this Government. He could
foresee incalculable evils which might grow out
of the conflicting and contrary interests of the
different States, whenever it should be proposed
by the Federal Government to make the call for
this money, and thus attempt to render the
promises to pay operative. He was compelled
further to apprehend, in consequence of these
propositions, should they be adopted, an early
agitation of the tariff controversy, and the revival
of local questions which have so recently tried
the strength of this Union more severely than it
had ever before been tried, and given to our insti-
tutions a shock which every patriot would long
remember, and labor to the utmost of his power
to avoid in future.
His second objection was against the rule of
distribution adopted. It was directed to be made
according to the representation of each State in
the Senate and House of Representatives. He
must suppose, if Congress possess the power,
under the Constitution, to divide out the moneys
in the public Treasury to the States, or to the
people of the States, that the rule of distribution
musLfollow that which governs the collection of
