1836.]
ÁPPEfltrtX TO THE <5&ftéí&£§l9WAL GLOBE.
499
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Deposit Bife—Mr.'Behton.
Senate.
must be matter of contract, and nothing should
be left to mere good will on their part. Bind
them to the performance of your requirements, as
yon would bind any individual whose only mo*
tive of serving you is notoriously his private
interest, and not the public welfare. I would
create no greater dependence on the part of the
Government upon these local corporations than
is indispensably requisite for the convenience of
Government; and to the full extent that the States
can be preferred as public depositories of your
surplus moneys, I would prefer them.
Sir, I reason on this subject from what I am
sure will be the voice of the people of Maine,
when the question is stated in its simple form,
and brought down to its simple elements. For
instance, the Federal Government has a single
deposit bank in the State of Maine^a local,
money-making institution, owaed by private in-
dividuals. This bank has now, and will have
hereafter, if no better system be adopted by us,
the exclusive benefit and control of all the public
moneys placed or left on deposit within the State
of Maine, to tie used when and how it is that in-
stitution's good pleasure to use it, and without
any consultation with the people at large. Now,
the question put to the people of Maine by the
provisions of the bill is, do you prefer making
the present deposit bank in Maine the exclusive
keepers and managers of some hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars of the public moneys, or do you
prefer to take a large portion of it, which the Fed-
eral Government has no immediate use of, into
your own immediate keeping and control, for the
common benefit nftlie whole State ? I believe that
the people oí Maine would prefer to have the use
and benefit of so much of these funds as the Fed-
eral Government does not need*to be managed
for their common benefit, than to have it deposited
with any private corporation in existence.
Mr. CAMBRELENG here called Mr. Smith
to order. He said it was not in order for the
gentleman from Maine to discuss the merits of
the bill, and on this ground he called to order.
The SPEAKER said the proposition was to
commit the bill with instructions, and the Chair
could not interpose to arrest debate on the sub-
ject of the instructions,                                         i
Mr. SMITH said he was proceeding to illus- i
trate the effect of amending the bill of the Senate
as proposed; to bring the operation of the amend-
ment home to the interests of the people of his
own State.
Mr. CAMBRELENG again rose, and said, if
the gentleman from Maine was allowed to discuss
the merits of the bill, he should claim the right
of reply.
The SPEAKER said he could not discover that
the gentleman from Maine was out of order.
Mr. SMITH said he hoped and desired that
the gentleman from New York would reply, if
he wished to do so. The Chair has decided that
I am not out of order in my course of remark. 1
was carrying my illustrations home to the inter-
ests of my own constituents. Perhaps I go too
near home to the condition of things in the State
of New York also. Be it as it may, I go for the
bill of the Senate-as u whole.
Another reason offered for dividing this bill
(and it has been suggested by the honorable gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Dickerson,] who
says he is in favor of both parts of the bill) is, that
the one part may not be put in jeopardy by the
other part of the bill. Now, sir, I am opposed
to a división of the bill, that neither part may
be pat in jeopardy by being separate from the other.
The strength of each is essential to the safety of
the other; and the two parts being adapted to the
purpose of securing to the people at large the
safest and most useful deposit of the surplus
moneys of their Government, ought to stand or
fall together. They are framed with special refer-
ence to each other. What gentleman would dis-
pose of the whole of the public moneys among
local corporations upon the terms proposed by
the first part of the bill ? And yet what gentle-
man is unwilling to dispose of aporñm of those
funds in the manner tnos provided ? The first
part of the bill provides that the local banks shall
pay for a certain portion of the pablic deposits
received by thfcm oniy two per cent, per anniuH
interest, in addition to the services to be perforated
by them for Government in transfers of the pub-
lic moneys from one point of the Union to the
other. The amount to be reserved by this depos-
it bill in local banks for this operation, is five
millions of dollars. Sir, I accord my cordial sup-
port to this arrangement. But I would not do so
if these banks were to have in deposit the whole
of the public moneys, say from thirty to fifty
millions of dollars. Two percent, interest only
on such an amount, though added to their aggre-
gate of services for the Government, would not be
a judicious nor just arrangement for the public
Treasury. Four per cent, interest, under such a
sweeping control and use of the revenues of the
country by these local institutions, would be
nparer right, and might well be afforded. But the
bill has been made to conform, in the particular
of interest to be exacted of local banks, to the
comparatively small amount of deposits with
which they are allowed to operate, and from
which they are allowed to derive benefit, and not
with reference to the aggregate of surplus.
Sir, I have another reason to influence my mind
most decidedly against a division of this bill.
The vast amount of public money which your
Treasury is accumulating will, in my opinion, be
far more safe and secure in charge of the State
governments than in the keeping of the local
banks. I am willing to confide five millions of
dollars to the keeping of local banks, judiciously
selected over the country, and under the provis-
ions of this bill—that amount having been ad-
judged sufficiently large to answer all current
demands upon the Treasury, aided by the current
revenue of the nation after the 1st of January
next. But I am not willing to confide an aggre-
gate of forty or fifty millions of the public rev-
enue—the whole sum of your nation's income—
upon any terms of interest whatever, to the keep-
ing and management of local and private banking
companies, be they managed or owned whereso-
ever, and by whomsoever they may. . I do not
believe that such an enormous amount of public
money, thus distributed and deposited, would be I
secure. With your State governments—with |
men immediately responsible to the watchful eye I
of the people, and interested only in promoting l
the general good by its use—it would be, to say
the least, far more secure, and, in my opinion,
perfectly secure. What more can gentlemen re-
quire ? What more can the people require at our
hands? This is the measure proposed by the
Senate bill now before the House.
Sir, I am influenced, in coming to the convic-
tion which I entertain against both the propriety
and expediency of dividing thisbill, by yet another
consideration. It is this: The use and distribu-
tion of the millions which are to be deposited
under this bill will, in my opinion, be far more
advantageously enjoyed by the people at large,
by all classes of citizens, if confided to the care
and control of the State governments, than if
confided to the management of private corpora-
tions. The one is interested and watchful in ac-
complishing the greatest good of the whole people;
the others are ever actuated by their private ad-
vantage and considerations of individual gain.
Sir, I do not conceive that it is practicable for
local banks, however disposed, to accept this
money, and use it to the extent of benefit to the
public at large that it ought to be so used, and to
the extent that your State governments, and the
people acting through the State governments,
can and will use it. This is with me a very
weighty consideration, and cannot but be so with
others, who have a due regard in this matter to
the business of the country.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I hope this great
national measure will not be defeated by the ac-
tion now proposed to be had upon it. It is a
measure which is called for by public sentiment;
a measure which, if I were permitted to allude to
the proceedings of the other branch of Congress,
I might say, nas been sent to us bt an unpre-
cedented unanimity on the part of that body. I
am for it as a whole. It may be, and doubtless
is, susceptible of amendment in some of its de*
tails. For all essential amendments to make it
perfect, without destroying the system of keeping
the public moneys proposed by it, I will cheer-*
folly go; bat ail other changes of the bill I feel
bound to resist.
THE DEPOSIT BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. T. H. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI,
In Senate, June 18, 1836.
Mr. BENTON rose and said that about this
time two years ago the Senate was engaged in
proclaiming the danger of a bankrupt Treasury,
and in proving to the people that utter ruin must
ensue from the removal of the deposits from the
Bank of the United States. The same Senate,
nothing abated in its confidence from the failure
of former predictions, is now engaged in celebrat-
ing the prosperity of the country, and proclaim-
ing a surplus of forty and fifty and sixty millions
of dollars in that same Treasury which so short
a time since they believed was going to be bank-
rupt. Both occupations are equally unfortunate.
Our Treasury is in no more danger of bursting
from distension now than it was of collapsing
from depletion then. The ghost of the panic was
driven from this Chamber in May, 1834, by the
report of Mr. Taney, showing that all the sources
of the national revenue were in their usual rich
and bountiful condition, and that there was no
danger of bankruptcy; the speech and statement,
so brief and perspicuous, just delivered by the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Wright,] will
perform the same office upon the distribution
spirit, by showing that the appropriations of the
session will require nearly as much money as the
public Treasury will be found to contain. The
present exaggerations about the surplus will have
their day, like the panic about an empty Treas-
ury had its day; and time, which corrects all
things, will show the enormity of these errors,
which excite the public mind and stimulate the
public appetite for a division of forty, fifty, and
sixty millions of surplus treasure.
I have several objections (said Mr. B ) to this
measure; and the first is, that two distinct sub-
jects are conjoined in the same bill. One part
of the bill is to regulate the keeping of the public
money in the local banks; the other part, under
the disguise of a deposit, is to make a distribution
of the public money among the several States.
The law of Parliament (and that law is founded
in equity, and wisdom) forbids the junction of
different subjects in the same bill; it requires
them to be disjoined, and each subject put into a
bill by itself, whenever the diversity and incon-
gruity, is detected. The incongruity in this bill
is easily detected, and was early objected to. It
was objected to on the second reading, a vote
taken, and a decision had according to what was
right and proper. That vote was in favor of dis-
junction. The two subjects were disjoined; and
a committee was directed to put them into sepa-
rate bills. This was in the afternoon, too late
for the accomplishment of the order that evening;
a night intervened—new lights broke upon the
minds of Senators; the vote of disjunction was
reversed; and the divorced subjects were solemnly-
reunited. What was done by a majority of three
in the evening was reversed by a majority of one
in the morning.
That these subjects are of different natures,
admit of different decisions, and may be acted
upon at different times, is perfectly clear from a,
view of their provisions. One is_ a general and
permanent law; the other a special and tempo-
rary arrangement. One requiresimmediateaction;
the other ought not to be acted upon until all the
appropriations are made. One is to take effect
instanter; the other not till next year. One is
what it professes to be, a regulation of the de-
posits; the other is what it does not profess to
be, a distribution of the revenue. Either may
pass, and have a perfect operation, without the
aid of the other. Either may be rejected, and no
detriment ensue to the other. One may be post-
poned to the next session without inconvenience
to any interest, and with positive advantage to
the action of Congress upon it; the other cannot
be postponed without offense to the public mind,
injury to the public service, and dereliction of
our legislative duty. Against the conjunction of
subjects so dissimilar, conscience revolts, correct
feeling rebels, and parliamentary law has planted
hs cannon. It is in vain to call it a deposit with
the States.   The abuse, perversion, misapplica-
