506
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 24,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Harbor Bill—Mr. Turrill.
Ho. of Reps.
the Indians This policy was advised by*Patnck
Henry, and many others of our wisest men and
greattst p-itnots
Other councils, however, have prevailed; those,
in former days, who talked most of oppression
towards Indians and refused most posimely to
treat them as men, and as brethren and equals—
who expected to civilize and make them friendly,
by talking of friendship and equal rights, and
while they at the same time placed them in a situ-
ation necessarily hostile with the whites—con-
tending toe to tne for the same acre of ground
with the whites, who expected, after taking from
the Indians their lands, and murdering then wives
and children, to make them friendly by talking
soft talk to them about the cruelty and dishonesty
of others who do the like—whothousht it cruelty
not to let them have fire-arms, and were surprised
when they shot white men with them >   I say,
unhappily, the council of such men has hitherto
prevailed, and by thus bringing the Anglo-Saxon
race in direct conflict with the Indian, the Indian
has been hitherto continually tending to exterm-
ination; and if this policy prevail, extermination
must necessarily be his end.    I never think of
this thing but with pain    I think the North Amer-
ican Indian gallant, noble, generous; possessing
every quality of mind, body, and spirit to enable
him to take a stand on the same level with the
noblest race.   There is no tribe among them that
has shown more marks of these qualities, and not
one perhaps as much civilization, this side of
Mexico, from the first, as this tribe with which
this treaty is made.    If thev would stay there,
and obey the laws of the States where they reside,
and the States would treat them as equals, ac-
cordingtotheireducation and othercircumstances,
I should be highly gratified     But I fear, indeed
I am too well persuaded, that this will not be the
case, but that they will either go away under this
treaty, or some other, not as favorable to them,
or stay where they are until they shaie the fate
of all the remnants of all the tubes of this unfor-
tunate race, who have attempted to remain among
the Anglo-Saxon race; a fate, that is too painful
to me to delineate particularly,and too wellknown
to the world to make the performance of that
painful duty necessary.
Alas' Mi Chairman, this sickly sensibility,
if it be real sensibility at all, has already well
nigh exterminated a gallantrace. Thesame thing,
be it what it may, is now seeking to bring another
race, far inferior in every sense, into direct col-
lision with the Anglo-Saxonbt eed, instead of being
under the protection of the laws of civilized men
—suppose the negro brought toe to toe and point
to point with this Anglo-Saxon race, what will
be the issue? Mr. Chairman, look at the fact
as history records it, and as we every day see
it with our eyes.
The Indian brought into direct collision with
the Anglo-Saxon, is nearly exterminated. The
negro, far inferior in every sense under the pro-
tection of the laws of civilized men, (the Anglo-
Saxon,) has multiplied beyond all others among
us. Place this negro at points with our race, and
what will be the issue ' Does any man or woman
doubt what will be the issue '
Should this exceedingly great tenderness and
honesty prevail, which has elbowed the negroes
and Indians from the north and east to the far
west and south—yes, sir, elbowed them, or
scalped them, or cheated them, or caused them
to pine away and die with despair, after all the
talk about humanity, and equality of men, eman-
cipation, abolition, and all that—I say, should
this still prevail, the consequence will be that the
Indian race will be exterminated from the face of
the earth, and the negro from the face of North
America.
But, sir, as I promised to say but little, I will
draw to a close. As it appears that the President
and Senate have ratified this treaty; as it appears
that this is much the highest price that any nation
of Indians has ever got for an equal quantity of
land; as respectable white men disagree in state-
ments about the manner of the execution of the
treaty, (and I am well satisfied in my own mind
that these Indians have been dealt as fairly by as
any of whom we have got land, and as I ever ex-
pect them to be,) I shall votefor the appropriation.
Sir, but a short time since, France had concluded
a treaty with us, and the Chambers boggled a good
deal (as we thought) about the appropriation of
the money, to comply with it. What did we all
say and think of that' lam not aware that treaties
are made and ratified there with more or equal
solemnity with a treaty made here by the Presi-
dent and ratified by the Senate Whatever indi-
viduals may say, or think, or pretend to think,the
woild in general does respect the solemn act of
the President and Senate of the United States, and
I shall certainly credit them, and confide in them,
sooner than I will íely upon the contradictory
statements of Indians and others, (stiangers to
me,) and who may have prejudices and biases
which it is impossible for me to know. More
money is given them than ever was given to In-
dians for the same quantity of land of equal qual-
ity; and these high powers have confirmed the
bargain and the treaty; and why should I with-
hold my vote for the appropriation ? I see no
good reason, and shall not withhold it. I am
perfectly satisfied that both parties are benefited,
under the circumstances, and I see no reason why
the appropriation should be withheld.
It is true the idea of men leaving their home
and their country, and marching in solemn pro-
cession to a strange land, is painful indeed; but
the thought of being tiampled under foot in their
native land, is painful in the extreme To re-
main, and see their race melting away like wat
before the sun, must create sonow beyond ajl
measure, and drive men" to utter despair Pre-
sent the other view of it, ahd compel me to choose
between the blood of the Indian and that of my
own kindred and country, and I must prefer my
own I am not one of those who, after having
acquired, directly or indirectly, every foot of
land that they own from the Indians, by means
of titles far less excusable than this, are seized
with a sudden tenderness of conscience just as
the scalping knife is uplifted over the head of
others—will hold their own and use the power
that it and the strength of the Union gave them,
(repenting suddenly, so far as others are con-
cerned only)—holding these my kindred and my
countrymen, until they will come to the terms
of the savage, or submit, along with their wives
and unoffending children, to the tomahawk and
the scalping-knife. The only thing worthy of
doubt, or that could create difficulty, is the amount
of the purchase-money It is certainly very
large, but considering that we are bound to éx-
extinguish the Indian title, and looking to the
fact that we have sums so large in the Treasury
that many of the wisest and best are uneasy for
the safety of our institutions and the purity of
our public functionaries, 1 feel no difficulty about
it, and shall vote for the appropriation without
the least doubt of the propriety of the vote.
HARBOR BILL,
SPEECH OF HON. JOEL TURRILL,
OF  NEW YORK,
In the House of Representa™ es,
June 24, 1836,-
In Committee of the Whole on the ante of the Union on
the raouoii to strike out the enactm  clause of the bill
making appropriations for tlie construction of certain har-
bors, &C.
Mr. TURRILL said:
Mr. Chairman: 1 was in hopes that I should
not have felt myself called upon, during this ses-
sion, and particularly so near its termination, to
address the House or its committee upon this or
any other subject. It is with great reluctance
that I ever attempt to address a deliberative body,
and that reluctance is increased on the present
occasion because I am aware that the committee
are already wearied with this discussion, and I
know that gentlemen are desirous of proceeding
with the mass of business which remains unacted
upon. But, sir, the extraordinary course taken
by the honorable gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Smith,] both in the remarks he hasjust submit-
ted, and in his report accompanying the other
harbor bill, which report has been quoted in this
debate as authority, and liberally commented
upon, compels me to ask the indulgence of the
committee for a short time.   I repeat, sir, that I
do it with reluctance; but my constituents have
an interest in some of the improvements contem-
plated in this bill, and particularly in that at the
mouth of Salmon nvei,on Lake Ontario, and
notwithstanding any embairassment under which
I labor, and any reluctance I ftel at taking up the
time of the committee, I should be lecreant to
their interest if I omitted, on this occasion, to
make an effort to remove any unfavorable im-
pression which that report and those remarks
may have made, and also to exhibit some few
facts showing the expediency and necessity of
constructing con\ement harbors on our lakes
Sir, with the honorable gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Whittlesey] who has just taken his seat,
1 feel that it is matter of regret that the import-
ant public works embraced in the bill repotted
by the gentleman from Maine, should have fallen
into the hand of one whose mind appeal s to have
been too strongly prejudiced against them to per-
mit a full, fair, and impartial examination into
their merits, and I fully concur with him in the
opinion that the statements contained in the re-
port are incorrect, and not to be relied upon. I
know them to be so in one instance at least.
Mr. SMITH. To what case do you allude '
Mr. TURRILL I allude to the public works
at Oswego, which appear to have received the
especial attention of the honorable gentleman
from Maine. Sir, the effort of the gentleman
throughout the whole report, appears to have
been to prove that the costs of the various works
have so much exceeded the original estimates
that it is impossible to form a coriect opinion as
to the amount of money or tile extent of time
which will be required to complete them, and
thus to create alarm by producing an impression
that we are launching upon an ocean of expendi-
ture without chart or compass. Sir, the honor-
able gentleman in his report concludes his re-
marks upon the Oswego harbor with the following
statement:
Aggregate of appropriations........$126,404 03
Original estimates.................   33,348 64
Excess of appropriations over esti-
mated cost......................   93,055 36
Proposed appropriation............    30,000 00
Now, what are the facts > Why, sir, the esti-
mates for these works, which have, at different
times, been submitted to and approved of by Con-
gress, amount to $196,958 32, while the whole ap-
propriations amount only to $149,820 87. These
facts appear from the printed document which is
now before me, and from the documents from
which the honorable gentleman has taken such
liberal extracts.
Mr. SMITH here explained, and stated that
the first appropriation was for a little over $33,000,
and the law granting the appropriation required
that no part of the money should be expended
until a contract shou'd be entered into to con-
struct the work for a sum not exceeding the ap-
propriation, and that secunty should be given for
the faithful performance of it
Mr. TURRILL. I was aware of the fact
stated by the honorable gentleman, and he has
given me no additional information. It is true,
sir, that the law making the first appropriation,
contained a provision that no portion of the
money should be expended until security should
be given for the completion of the work upon the
plan adopted by the War Department, and sub-
mitted to Congress, It is also true that such a
contract was entered into, and security given for
its faithful execution; and it is also true, sir, that
with the exception of grants made by Congress
upon a full representation of the facts, to indem-
nify the contractor for losses sustained by severe
gales on the lakes, the work was completed in the
manner specified, was approved of and accepted
by the Government, and the contract was can-
celed. After this-work had thus been completed,
other erections in that harbor were projected at
different times, the object of which was to secure
and make permanent the original work. Plans
and estimates were made for these additional
works, and submitted to, and approved of by Con-
gress, and the subsequent appropriations have
been made to finish those works upon the plans
thus submitted and approved.
Mr. SMITH asked who made the last esti-
mate >
