1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Harbor Bill—Mr. Turrill.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. TURRILL. The last estimate was made
by Colonel Totten, of the Engineers, and submit-
tal to Congress under date of 23d of November,
l"vl3, and so fir irom the appropriations exceed-
ing the estimates, as sit forth in the report, the
isumates exceed the appropriations more than
$47,000. Now , sir, when all these facts appear
in the printed, documents fiom which the honor-
able jrentUman took his extracts, I am at a loss
to discover how they could have escaped his no-
tice. I have not examined minutely other parts
of his report, and therefore I w ill not notice them,
for I intuid to be brief. I -will dismiss this im-
port by merely remaiking, that if the honorable
gentliman has bem as erroneous in his views,
and as much mistaken in his facts in relation to
other works, as he has been in regard to these,
his report should be received with many grain 
of allowance, for it is deceptive, and eminently
udculited to mislead the committee.
I will now proceed very briefly to state a few
faets show ing the importance of all the public
works upon the lakts which have already been
commenced, or which are contemplated by this
bill.    And, sir,-what has already been the tffects
produced upon your commerce, by the harbors
which have been constructed on the lakes'    I
will cite a single instance by way of illustration.
I allude to the harbor at Oswego.    When these
improvements were commenced there was little
or no foreign commerce carried on at that place.
Your custom-house establishment was a burden
upon your Treasury, and required an annual tax
of §6,000 or $7,000 to sustain it.     As late as
1333, the whole  revenue collected at  that port
amounted only to $S62, while in 1S33 it had in-
creased to $36,063 91, which, after deducting the
expenses of the custom-house, will leave a bal-
anee of about $30,000.    Thus it is that the Gov-
ernment is not only íelieved from an annual tax
of about $6,000, but it is actually receiving, even
from the present commerce, a net income that
will in a few years pay the whole amount of
£200,000, proposed to be expended there, with
lull interest.    Why, sn, this fact alone shows
that the outlay of this money for the improve-
ment of that harbor will be a most profitable in-
vestment to the Government.    Supposing no in-
crease of commerce at that port, even with the
present revenue, every dollar taken fiom your
Treasury to construct these works, will be íe-
turned to it, with interest, dollar for dollar. And
this, too, is assuming no augmentation of your
commerce.     Eut the   business operations with
Canada cannot remain stationary.     They will
increase with great rapidity, as strenuous efforts
are making at this time to remove the impedi-
ments to the trade between that province and the
United States, and sooner or later these efforts
will be crowned with success.    I will take the
liberty of calling the attention of the committee to
some proceedings on this subject in Upper Canada.
The Board of Trade of the city of Toronto,
impressed with the great importance of this sub-
ject, caused a meeting of the principal ^merchants
of that city to be convened on the  17lh of De-
cember last, at which the following resolutions
were passed.
'•Resolved, That this meeting has much satisfaction in
returning its beat thanks to the honorable chairman and the
members of the committee of the Board of Trade, for the
attention they have evinced for the interest of the com-
merce of Upper Canada, on the subject of the importation
of goods through the United States Irom Europe, and agree
with them in the opinion that the subject which has induced
them to convene this meeting is one of the greatest import-
ance, and which they would recommend to the favorable
attenuon of others throughout the Province.
".Rewired, That considering the subject as one inviting
very general and extensive consideration, as applying to
all classes of the community, the chairman of this meeting
be requested to call a general meenng of the inhabitants ot
the district on Tuesday the 29th--------next, at the City
Hall, at twelve o'clock, for the purpose of a full expression
of public sentiment on this important subject
'•Resohed, That the committee of the Board of Trade
are requested, with such assistance as they may think
necessary, to prepare the draft of a memorial to be pre-
sented to the several branches of the Legislature, to be laid
before the said general meeting for approval and signature,
with the view of bringing the subject under the notice of
the Colonial authorities, and for reference to the Imperial
Govern me nt."
The Kingston Chronicle, in commenting upon
these proceedings, uses the following language:
"From the well known intelligence and enterprise of
many of the gentlemen who compose the Board of Trade
of that city, we leel satisfied that the quesuon will be ably
and fairly brought before the public
" We hope soon to see tins measure attracting the atten-
tion ot the commercial community of Kingston and other
places throughout the Province ''
The Commons House of Assembly, in conse-
quence of these indications of public sentiment,
on the 16th of February last adopted, by an
almost unanimous vote, an addiess to the King,
in which the following language is used:
" Situated as Upper Canada is, at a great distance from
the sea, the communication with which by the St. Law-
ri nee is interrupt! d lor a great part ot the year, our inter
ests would be best promoud bv the adoption of «such com
mercial regulations as would enable our agriculturists,
merchants, and manufacturers, to obtain tree access to the
ocean through every channel, by means of which they
could siftly convey those artilles of which this province
possesses a superfluity to the best markets, and through
which they might bnng back the goods and merchandise
ot other lands, according to their means, without such im-
ports be nig subjected to the present heavy tariff of discrim-
inating dunes, the oper-uion of which is to add materially
to the miny natural obstructions incidental to our inland
situation, and to retard the settlement ot the waste lands
of the province by the more wealthy, intelligent, and perse-
vtring class of emigrants who are inducid to settle and
invest their capital in the States of Ohio, Michigan, Penn
sy Ivania, and New \ ork, the citizens of which have at all
times free choice of three markets, namely, the St. Law-
rence, foreign States, through their own sea board, and
the markets of the southern States, while we of Upper
Canada are restricted to the channel of the St. Lawrence
onlv
-• We humbly request that your Majesty will be pleased
to cause suih representations to be made to the Govern
ment at Washington as shall appear to be best calculated
to induce Congress to admit the goods and merchandise of
Great Britain or other nations to pass through the Lnited
States into Upper Canada, subject only to tliu duue« which
are or inav be payable within this province, and without
being liable to the payment of any In or impost in or to
the said ¡Mates, and also to permit the goods, wares, and
merchandise of this province to be transported through the
said States to other countries bevond the seas, free ot dutv,
and subject only to suchregulationsasmaj be found neees
sary for the prevention of mfractions ot the revenue laws
of the American Union "
Sir, the objects embraced in this addiess are
of great importance to this Government, as well
as to the Province of Canada, and there can be
no doubt, therefore, that the existing obstacles to
I the commerce will soen be removed, since it is
so decidedly for the interest of both countries to
accomplish that object.    In the United States,
public attention has not yet been directed to this
important subject.    But little is known of this
1 province, and  its   natural  advantages  are  not
understood.  Sir, the peninsula of Upper Canada,
in location, in fertility of soil, and salubrity of
climate, is not surpassed by any portion of the
United States.    It is true that this province is
now comparatively a wilderness, having a very
sparse population; but still the spirit of entei prise,
as exhibited in works of internal improvements,
would do honor to an older and wealthier country.
The Canadians have wisely adopted the plan of
uniting and using, wherever practicable, the great
water couises of the country.    Their effoit has
been to improve upon the works of nature, and
not vainly attempt to outdo them.   By means of
the Rideau canal, a steamboat navigation has
already been opened between Lake Ontario and
Montreal, and the improvements now in progress
on the St. Lawrence will open another communi-
cation between the same points for steamboats
of the largest class, thus making a good ship
navigation from Lake Ontario to the ocean.  The
Welland canal, which wyll soon be enlarged and
made permanent, now affords  schooner naviga-
tion between Lake Erie and Lake Ontario.   A
railroad is now being constructed between Ham-
ilton, on Lake Ontario, and Port Dover, on Lake
Erie.  And the day is not far distant when Lakes
Huron  and Ontario will  be united  by a ship
canal.    Sir, it requires but a mere glance at the
map of Upper Canada to convince any one that
when these improvements shall have been com-
pleted, when the vast resources of that province
shall have been developed, there will be an ex-
tensive commerce carried on upon Lake Ontario,
a portion of which will find its way down the St.
Lawrence to Montreal; and should Ogdensburg
be connected with Vermont and New Hampshire,
by means of railroads, a portion will take that
direction to Boston, while all destined to New
York must pass through the Oswego and Erie
canals to the Hudson.
Mr. Chairman, I have thus far confined my
remarks exclusively to the foreign commerce car-
ried on upon the lakes, and I will now briefly
draw the attention of the committee to the extent
of domestic commerce, for that branch of com-
merce is of far more importance to my constitu-
ents and to this Government than the other.
Sir, let me ask if the gentleman from Maine
can be aware even of the extent of these inland
seas, or of the commerce carried on upon them?
Why, sir, the extent of coasts on these waters
is five thousand seven hundred and nineteen miles,
while the whole coast from Passamaquoddy bay
to the river Sabine is only three thousand six
hundred and ninety miles, making an excess of
lake, over the whole sea-coast of the United States,
of two thousand twenty-nine miles. The lands
bordering these waters are of the best quality, and
in fertility are not surpassed by any on the hab-
itable globe. It may be truly said of them that
they constitute the garden of North America.
The population is as yet but thinly sprinkled over
this vast extent of fertile country; but it is in-
creasing with a rapidity that exceeds all calcula-
tion, while the increase of business more than
keeps pace with the increase of population. Prop-
erty going from the Hudson to the upper lakes
passes either through Oswego or through Buffalo,
and a statement of the amount of property pass-
ing these two points during the last year, and its
destination, will convey some idea of the amount
of commerce, and will also show what States have
a dnect interest in it.
The amount of property shipped from Buffalo
in 1835, and its destination, is as follows, viz:
Merchandise.      Furniture.
2,763 lbs.
58 846
59,831
333,766
95,768
Virginia..............
Missouri.............
Alabama.............
Tennessee...........
Upper Canada........
Penns) Ivania.............     139 319
Michigan  ...............13,253,589
Indiana.................. 3,-254,986
Illinois................... 3,320,718
Ohio.....................14,2-29,961
Kentucky................     918,915
18,425
8,470
122 679
128,834
1,198,326
136 41)3
945,263
3,732,409
67,580
36,921,662              9,348,389
I have no means of ascertaining what quantity
of merchandise passed through Oswego to Upper
Canada during the last year, neither can I tell the
amount of furniture which was sent to the upper
lakes; but the merchandise, including salt shipped
from that port through the Welland canal, des-
tined to the above States, amounted to 39,798,290
pounds.   Thus we see that ten States west and
south of the State of New York, including Mich-
igan, have a direct interest in the commerce car-
ried on upon the lakes, and this interest is con-
stantly and rapidly increasing.   To show what
interest the agriculturists of the western States
have in its trade, I might proceed to enumeiate
some of the products of the soil which constitute
the return cargoes.    I will, however, only name
one, the article of wheat.    There were 624,733
bushels of wheat received at Oswego fiom the
lakes during the last year, 275,362 bushels of which
were the produce of farms in Ohio, Michigan,
Indiana and Illinois.   The New England States
are also interested in ameliorating the commerce
of the lakes; for while this commerce opens a
better and more extensive market for their fabrics,
it, in return, furnishes cotton, tobacco, and all
kinds of breadstuffs, at a much lower rate than
they can be obtained from any other quarter.
I     Sir, the immense tides of emigration which
annually flow from the north and the east, to peo-
ple and make valuable your public lands, pass on
these lakes.    The enterprising yeomanry of the
country embark upon these waters with then-
little all, to " seek a habitation and a home    in
the wilds of the West.    Thousands and tens of
thousands of lives, and property to the amount
of millions, are annually exposed to the dangeis
of this navigation.    And will the Government
iefuse to render the lives and property of its citi-
zens safe, by neglecting or refusing to appropri-
ate the small sum which may be necessary to
construct suitable harbors wherever  they  are
Sir, it is expedient and indispensable that every
harbor already commenced should be completed
in a permanent manner, and that some of the
harbois contemplated in this bill should be con-
