508
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 24}
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Harbor Bill—Mr. Smith.
Ho. of Reps.
-strticted with as little delay as possible. The
harbor at the mouth of Salmon river, on Lake
Ontario, for the improvement of which this bill
provides, is of the utmost importance. There is
perhaps no place on the lake where a good har-
bor is so much needed; and safety of life and of
property require that it should be improved and
rende accessible in all weather. Many lives have
been lost, and many vessels wrecked, in Mexico
bay, for the want of a convenient harbor at that
place; and it is the interest, it is the duty of this
Government, to protect the commerce by which
its citizens thrive, and from which it derives its
revenue. The money thus expended in giving
protection to the lives and property of those en-
gaged in carrying on the great commercial opera-
tions of the country, is amply repaid by the in-
crease of population, of wealth, of enterprise, and
by the extension of that commerce which sus-
tains and invigorates the nation.
But, sir, in ascertaining the number or the im-
portance of the harbors required for the protec-
tion of that commerce, our views ought not to be
limited to the present period, or to the business
which is now carried on in that region.   We
«hould look forward to the time when the enter-
prise and the spiritof internal improvement which
everywhere exists, shall have developed the vast
and unlimited resources of thafe country.  This is
truly called the "age of improvement."   It has
mo parallel in history.   Canals, the magnitude of
which, when commenced, excited the wonder and
admiration of the world, arescarcely completed
before th«y are found to be altogether too limited
for the immediate wants of the country; and they
are doomed to be abandoned for new and more ex-
tensive works, or to be enlarged under every dis-
advantage, at enormous expense, and at the sac-
rifice of individual interest, which must always
follow the interruption of the regular channels
of business, even for a limited period.   The time
is at hand when, profiting by experience and the
examples set us by our Canadian neighbors, the
internal improvements of this country will be con-
ducted pn a scale the magnitude of which will
be equal to the increasing business of the coun-
try.   The doctrine that artificial is cheaper or
better than natural navigation, or, in other words,
that rivers were only made to feed canals, has
beeo exploded; and the civil engineer who would
now attempt seriously to advocate that doctrine
would be considered better qualified to become the
inmate of a lunatic asylum than to superintend
public works of any description.    Wherever,
under the influence of this false theory, canals
have been built along the margin of navigable
-water*, they wilt remain * in all time tocóme, en-
during1 monuments of the ignorance-and the folly
of their -projectors.   The natural water courses
of the country must ever constitute the great
channels of our internal commerce.   The falls of
Niagara will be overcome by a ship eanal on the
American side.   The military defense of the coun-
try requires it; the agricultural and commercial
interest of the whole West demands it, and the
work will be constructed.   Nor will the march
of internal improvement be limited to this mag-
nificent Work.    A steamboat navigation will be
opened from Chicago  to the Mississippi, and
an enlarged communication from Oswego to the
Hudson.    Nature has marked out this as the
great highway of commerce, with lines too dis-
tinct to be obliterated, or even obscured by the
utmost efforts of art.    By making these improve-
ments, a steamboat navigation will be opened
from New York, through the lakes, to New Or-
leans—a shorter (and our relations with foreign
countries may at times be such as to render it a
much better) and safer route than the one coast-
wise.    The whole Valley of the Mississippi and
the vast extent of country bordering on the lakes
■would feel the beneficial effects of these improve-
ments.   A new impetus would be given to the
rapid growth of Oswego. Buffalo, Cleveland, De-
troit, and Chicago.    Other important towns will
spring into existence, as if by magic, along this
great commercial highway; and in a few years
you will behold along the coast of these inland-
seas cities which, in splendor, in wealth, in com-
mercial enterprise, in moral and intellectual re-
sources, will equal your proudest Atlantic cities.
The lakes and the three river  thus connected
with them will constitute the main arteries through
which will flow, during all time, a great portion
of the commerce of North America—a commerce
which will regulate the exports and imports of
the country—a commerce from which the rev-
enue of the nation is to be derived, its citizens
enriched, and every section of the Union strength-
ened and invigorated.
Sir, while we are appropriating millions annu-
ally to protect our commerce in every quarter of
the globe, shall we withhold the small sum re-
quired to guard and cherish it when it receives its
first flow from the heart of your country? While
such large sums are expended every year to ren-
der property safe on every ocean, when at the
risk of our wealthyimporting merchants, can we
refuse the amount necessary to protect it when
exposed to the dangers of these inland seas, and
when, if destroyed, the loss will fall upon your
agriculturists and country dealers? I trust not,
sir; I trust that, upon this occasion, the same
liberal policy which should always be pursued
by an enlightened and powerful nation in regard
to its commerce will be adopted.
I conclude my remarks, Mr. Chairman, by
expressing the hope that the enacting clause of
this bill will not be stricken out, but that every
meritorious work for the construction of which
this bill is intended to provide, will receive the
favorable consideration of Congress.
HARBOR BltL.
REMARKS OF HON. F. O. J. SMITH,
OF  MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
June 24,1836,
In the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
pending the motion of Mr. Patton, of Virginia, to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill making appropriation
for the improvement of certain harbors therein mentioned,
for the year 1836.
The bill making additional appropriations for
the Delaware breakwater* for certain harbors,
and removing obstructions in and at the mouths
of certain rivers, and for other purposes, for the
year 1836, having been gone through and laid
aside to be reported to the House—
Mr. SMITH said it had not been his intention
to ha-e uttered a word, nor to have detained the
committee a single moment upon the subject of
either the pending bill, or the other bill of a kin-
dred nature reported by himself from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, except to make such
explanations in relation to the latter as should be
called for relative to facts which might, from his
peculiar situation, be supposed within his own
possession, and not in possession of members
generally. Nor would he have risen against his
intention, at this time,iiad he not discovered, or
thought that he coUld discover, a somewhat prev-
alent inclination in this committee, now in ses-
sion, to draw a distinction between the merits of
the bill reported by the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sutherland,] and which is
technically called the new harbor bill, and the bill
which has been laid aside, reported by myself,
and which is called Me old harbor bill. I have
(said Mr. S.) explained and defended the pur-
poses of this last-mentiened bill to the best of
my feeble abilities and this committee have sub-
stantially and in«ffect adopted it, with very slight
additions. In view of this fact, I deem it my
duty—a duty which I owe to this committee and
the nation, now that I see an attempt made to
discriminate between the purposes and works
embraced by these two bills, and to sustain the
one at the expense of the other—to lay before
this committee and the nation such fact]  and
views as are at once suggested to my mind by
such a course of procedure, illustrative of the rel-
ative merits and claims of the bill reported by
myself and the bill now pending, reported by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. Chairman, these bills embrace objects of
precisely one and the same classification. It is
the purpose of each to secure appropriations for
the construction and improvement of harbors
upon the sea-coast, upon the interior lakes and
rivers in the western States.   The one is confined
to works of this description already commenced
and partially completed; and the other is confined
to works of the same description that have been
projected at different dates, surveyed, but never
commenced otherwise. The appropriations of
the one bill (that reported by myself) amount to
$939,384 43, with the amendments thereto, and
the aggregate of the other is $931,265 51,rrmkin°-
a total of $1,860,649 94.    Now it is contended
that the superior merit of the former bill__the
only distinctive merit, in truth, of that bill over
the latter bill—consists in the fact that they are
works that have been heretofore commenced__
works upon which large sums of money have
already been expended—works that are in a state
of advancement and partial completion; while
those in the other bill are altogether new. And
hence it is, as the argument runs, that they are
entitled to a preference; and hence it is that gen-
tlemen upon this floor are predisposed to award to
them a preference in making appropriations from
the public Treasury over the works enumerated
in the other bill. But, sir, when the whole his-
tory of these old works is considered, and when
the condition of them is taken into a just account,
this consideration to which I have just adverted,
so far from attaching to them preeminence in
point of merit over the new works, absolutely
furnishes a very strong, if not conclusive, argu-
ment, to my mind, in favor of the new works,
even to the neglect of the old works. At all
events, Mr. Chairman, I undertake to say, and
to proclaim to the nation, that if there be any
considerations that will justify any gentleman
upon this floor to his constituents and to the
country for voting the large sum to which I have
alluded, contained in the old harbor bill, for the
works there mentioned, there are equally strong
and imperious considerations to justify his voting
the large sums specified in the new harbor bills
for the works there enumerated. Sir, the bills
are of equal merit in all respects; if it be not
true, for the reason I have already mentioned,
that the new bill has the strongest claims at this
time upon the indulgence of Congress. Let us
look at history and facts.
By adverting to the report accompanying the
old bill, and which has been adverted to by the
honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Pat-
ton,] every line, word, and figure of which, a 
contained in the appendix, has been derived from
the annual reports of the War and Engineer De-
partments, it will be seer, that many ofuhe works
contained in the old bill have been several years
quartered upon the National Treasury. Many
of them have, year after year, been reported in a
state of completion, insomuch that only one ad-
ditional appropriation has repeatedly been repre-
sented as all that was necessary to secure their
completion beyond question. It cannot be doubt-
ed by any gentleman Who will investigate their
history, that again and again has Congress added
a yearly appropriation for many, and think I
may say for a majority of these works, under
the full, confident, and honest expectation at each
time, that it would be the last appropriation
needed, or to be asked for in their behalf. It is
curious to look through the appropriation bills of
this kind, to trace most any of these works, and
observe the language used in describing the object
and purpose of the appropriations made for them,
It is alternately "to complete "and "to continue,"
and "to secure," and then "to complete " and
" to continue " again, almost with the regularity
of the meetings of Congress. Sometimes the
story is omitted for a year, and no appropriation
is required, perhaps to render this singular alter-
nation of purpose and promises less observable by
the watchful guardians of the public Treasury.
But what, sir, does all this history argue? That
you should stop this system of expenditure?
This was a grave question which presented itself
to my mind on looking carefully into the subject.
It is a question which was presented in the facts
brought by such examination before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Enormous sums
had been expended by Government upon these
works, and to say that they should now be aban-
doned, and that no appropriation for them should
be now made, was a responsibility, sir, too great
for any committee, composed of a part only of
this House, to assume, objectionable as the his-
