1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
609
■34th Cong....1st Sess.
Harbor Bill—Mr. Smith.
Ho. or Reps.
tory of these works rendered them. The result
«as, sir, to report to the House, in the bill «Inch
I reported, the several appropriations asked for
by the Engineer Department, and with the bill '
to report a succinct history of the seveial works,
and of the annual expenditures and progress
thereon,as has been done; leaving it to the whole
House to determine upon the course which the
inurest of the nation would justify, under the
embarrassing circumstances ot the subject. And
it is now ior the House to determine, in view of
the facts disclosed to them, whether they will
pursue further this course of expenditure that
has been found productive, to say the least, of no
very great bentiicial results as yet, or whether
they will pause until some more economical sys-
tem ot expenditure can be devised.
But, sir, to return to the comparative merits of
the works contained in the two bills, now in effect
alike before tins committee. It is demonstrated
in tho history of the old wot ks, that although
expenditures ha\e been made upon them year
after jear, and they are seemingly in a state of
partial completion, no human foresight can tell,
nor ingenuity prophesy, when they will or can
be completed. The repeated piomises of their
completion, (made in all honesty of purpose, I
am * lllmg to concede, in every instance,) and the
no less frtquently returning failuies, only prove
the utter uncertainty upon die subject of their
completion, and that human skill cannot guai-
anty anything in this particular respecting them
Now , sir, w ho can rise upon this floor and say,
in the face of facts like these to which I have ad-
verted, derived from the recoids of the Engineer
Department, that the new works—those contained
in the new bill—are not equally certain of being
executed at as earlya period as those old works,
if the appropriations asked for them are granted
by Congress ' Who, sir, can undertake in con-
fidence lo determine which class of vvorks .are
most distant from, and difficult of, execution' No
roor.al culcu'ation can determine this point, and
hence I say it is demonstrated, that taking this
■vie* of the bills, there is no justification lor the
one that is not equally applieable to the support
of the other. It is upon this principle that I will
vote for both, or against both. These bills must
stand or tall, in the eyes of this nation, whatever
may be the difference in their destinies in this
House, ude by side and togethet.
Sir, let us come for a moment to the matter of
cost.    I find eighteen of the twenty-six works,
harbors and rivers, embraced  by the  old bill,
which number (eighteen is all that I could trace
«atisfactoiil y through the documents of Congress)
was, by their original estimates, to cost/ice hun-
dred and iucty-nme thousand Jour kuudi ed and thu ty
dollars.    I find that the appropriations aheady
made to execute these works, embracing the mod-
ifications, enlargements, repairs, and securing of
them thus fir, to amount to om million two hun-
dred and thirty-eight thousand eight hundred and
thirty tico dollars, being an excess over the esti-
mates of $669,402, or, $99,972, more than one
hundred percent  beyond the original estimates;
and yet  the   works are   incomplete, and  God
only knows when they will be completed, for,
as I have before remarked, human foresight can- i
not calculate the end of them either in legard
to time or cost.    Hence ray argument is, that
in view of either the probable time requisite to
the  completion, or the  probable costs of the
two series of works embraced in these two bills,
the one has no merit or claim over the other, but
both have equal claims upon the Government, if
it be determined that Government will progress
further in such a system,   To me, sur, it is appa-
rent, that on the score of cost, those who take the
responsibility of carrying out the one set, can
find no sufficient justification for neglecting the
other set of these works.   1 am willing to let those
assume the responsibility of this partiality in sus-
taining the one to the neglect of the other* Who
may choose so to do.   But it should be under-
stood, that these are not the only works of the
same description, that are in contemplation.   By
reference to House Document No. 18, volume 1,
for 1834-35, it will be found that the estimated
cost of works surveyed, but not commenced, to
January, 1831, is no less than fortt-hwe mil-
lion  TWO   HBNPHP AH  IIFW-QH* T80V4ANB
THREE   HUNDRED   AND   FIFTT-N1NE  DOLLARS;  and
that other works surveyed subsequently to that
date, under the act of 1824, are estimated, as
appears by the same document, at upwards of
eighteen million of dollars, making an aggre-
gate of upwards of fiftt-seven million of dol-
lars, laid out in contemplation, under this system
of expenditure. Many millions more have been
added, no doubt, by the surveys of the last year,
including in this aggregate the new works now
before the committee, and these are only original
estimates, let it be remembered. It appears by
House Document 89, for the session of 1834-35,
that, as far as could be ascertained, ten million
eight hundred and eighty-six thousand seven hundí ed
and thiec dollars had been expended up to that
time on similar works Who, sir, can look
through this nation, and discover results from
this enormous expenditure corresponding to the
amount' That some portions of it have been
profitable and useful, I doubt not. But I call
the attention of members of this committee, and
the attention of this nation, to the subject, as a
general system, which, if meriting their con-
tinued support, also demands the hand of ex-
tensive reform. If, upon mature consideration,
it is to be persisted In, without some new and
yet undevised method of economizing in relation
to it, so be it. It is time that the history of its
works were known and understood, that Con-
gress and the nation may act upon them under-
standing^. I do not say they can be suddenly
abandoned, but I do say they demand some new
system of execution.
Sir, the inquiry is made by some gentlemen
into the causes of these extensive expenditures,
and the rapid enlargement of these public works,
at such cost to the Treasury.    Some gentlemen
attribute this result to one cause, and some to
another.    I, too, have examined, to my own sat-
isfaction at least, into the cause, or rather causes
of these results     They are not to he found, as
some gentlemen have charged, in the predisposi-
tion ot the present/Administration to extravagant
expenditures, nor to its devotion to the oft repu-
diated system of internal improvements.   They
are to be found, sir, in the combined influences
of the act  of 18:24, appropriating #30,000 per
annum for surveys of new works, and of your
system of civil and military engineering ema-
nating from the Academy at West Point.    It is
from these small and apparently unnbtiusive be-
ginnings that these enormous expenditures are
entailed upon the public Ticasury, with so little
prospect  of a termination.    What, sir, is the
operation, what the practical influences, laudable
influences, (if gentlemen will call them so,) upon
the people, of these combined causes to which I
have adverted'   I beg this committee to consider
this point for a moment.
Under the law of 1824 the comparatively small
sum of $30,000 is appropuated for new surveys,
here, there, and everywhere in the land.    It be-
comes known, shortly, to every town and village
that, on the application of any number of their
respectable citirens, any project of improvement
in their village may be surveyed at the public
expense, trotn this annual appropriation.   An
application by some few is accordingly made.
The Government have a large number of Second
Lieutenants by brevet, being supernumeraries in
the Army, in pay, and without employment—
fresh from the Military Academy at West Paint.
! The responsible men of the Government are ever
i' atfxious to have employment fer all the supernu-
meraries thus attached to the pufche Treasury,
' and are- thus predisposed to favor every demand
for their service .   All influences-, thnn, fsjvor tfe*
application of the little village.   It is «w«t«d.
The young engineer, in his panoply of office, aad
Willi his glittering instruments, ts soon upon the
theater of action.   He is looted upon with adune
ration by the village people—his formal prepara 
twos and parade of accouterments are watched
by every eye.    The boys and the men, and the
women, too, perhaps, in some instances, of the
astounded town or village, follow in his train,
each wondering at the magnificent revolution that
is about to be wrought in the condition of their
village.   The survey is completed.   The whole
project  is most  favorably and encouragingly
spoken of by the yaunj «nguwer.   Th* peapls
are delighted with the prospect of the improved
and enlarged resources of the place, and the back
grounds and pastures that have laid idle and in
waste before, for a wide circle upon the outskirts
of the village, are converted, and with beautiful
regularity laid out into sites for new edifices of
business and habitation. An official report, ac-i
com pained by a beautifully drawn plan or map
of the work, correctly executed, no doubt, as well
as beautifully, so far as the topography of the
plan is concerned, (for all such things are well
drawn up by our corps of engineers,) is formally
deposited in the appropriate Department in this
city.
Now for the next step.   All citizens, without
distinction of paity, impelled by the  ame im-
pulse of seeming patriotism, and without stop-
ping to examine nicely into the principles of
Government that may be involved by the meas-
ure, unite in a petition to Congress for a publi-
cation of the survey and plans, and for an appro-
priation to cany the work into execution.   The
Representative upon this floor from the district
which embraces the projected  improvement is
pressed on all sides, by political friends and polit-
ical foes, to urge the petitionupon the considera-
tion of Congress, and to secure the appropriation.
There is no resisting it, all parties are united in
it; the people are unanimous for it; and in not
one instance of twenty upon this floor can the
Representative summon up confidence enough
in himself, however mad the scheme «nay ba
considered by him, to decline pressing upon Con*
gress a compliance with the petition thus pushed
forward.   Nay, sir, upon the principle that the
Representative is bound to obey the will and
voice of his constituents, ho is compelled to go
ahead with the application, and do everything
in his power for its success.    Well, sir, the ap-
propriation is secured, year after year it is re-
peated ; and it is not until hundredsand thousands
of dollars beyond the original estimate of the
young engineer have been expended, and no Ap-
parent prospect of a successful completion of the
work is manifest, that the true character of the
enterprise is seen and appreciated.
|     Mr. Chairman, this is no fancy sketch that I
have been portraying.    It is the common opera-
tion and result of your law of 1824, and annual
appropriation for new and indiscriminate surveys,
and of your system of engineering fostered by
the  West   Point Academy.    Their combined
influences  and facilities  for engendering wild
schemes of improvement, excite a false and un-
profitable  cupidity among the people.     Tney
excite expectations that are scarcely ever realized.
They lead expectants, thus aroused, from one
step to another, until the aggregate of public
works projected press upon the national Treasury
with claims amounting to millions of dollars
annually.    Sir,  the  law  of 1824, effecting  an
annual appropriation of #30,000 for the purpose*
I have described, entails upon the Government a
greater expense, insignificant as that sum is, than
would an annual appropriation of forty times
$30,000, to be expended in enlarging you* Navy,
or in  the construction of fortification*.    The
Committee e-f Ways and M«hns have discharged
their duty, in bringing the subject before the
House and country, jn the report which has been
laying-uponi our table* for some months, and it is
for Coniresa to decide whether the same syntem
shall be persisted in or «ot, o* what ulterior
measures of reform n  it shall be adopted.   I
assume not that there is any distinction to be
made between the eaveral works embraced by
either of these bills.   I take it for granted that
they are Tegarded aft of pubiie utility by the local
population that press thero on.   I wish no  to
discriminate between them without some positive
information to guide me .-nor to advance one to
the neglect of the other.   ^The. exact ocal inform-
ation essential to judge them rightly m this re-
spect I pretend not to possess nor to have mqujred
into,    ft is not easily to be obtained by any one
man.   But what I do maintain is, that the two
bills are equally meritorious.   I maintain this,
not because I feel anymore interest in  the one
than the other.   The people of the State which I
have the honor in part to represent upon this
floor, have an interest in eaeh of these bills.   1
may «te for them both; I may w>tt againat bota
