1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
513
24th Cong...1st Sess.
The Military Academy—Mr. Pierce.
Ho. op Reps.
ments. We are 1 tying the foundation of an addi-
tionil expenditure of tin millions                             1
líut 1 hive motht r ind an important objection
to tlu pas^i^t ottlusbi'l Wt hive commenced
a mi\ tii in our finmuil concerns ind m the
prutienl oni ntion of our Government We hive
dirtettd nil the monty m the Tieisui v on the 1st
ofJmuirv ""M ovtrfivo million", whetlur ap
propriUtd oi nu*, to be disti I'mttd among ind
depisittd in tht t"essuries of the sever il Statt s
in lv37 Th \t Is;, vv i liwe ippiopnatod all tin.
mom \ in tin Treasury ovei five millions, whetlici
nistvtrto boieturmd will be detided hereaftei.
We hive not only, m any evi nt, ttmporinlj* it
leist, disportd of oui surplus, but of all the
moiuv w hi h may be in tht Tn asuiv ,aud which
has been already approprintt d toi the expendi-
tures of the prt«t nt voir We h we dnecti d that
this monty, pitviou-|\ ippropn iti d, shall be dis-
tributed among the States during the next year
And now, sir, what is the operation of this
deposit or distribution bill' (I care not by which
name it is called ) We have made at the present
session very largt appropriations for Indian wars,
Indian treaties, &c, and we may have in the
Treasury, on the 1st of January next, some fif-
teen millions of dollars pledged for these pur-
posts, and for other objects which will then be
actually undtr contract We divide the ten mil-
lions thus pledged, and throw upon the revenue
of 1837 that amount, in addition to the curient
expend iturts of that year, and to all extraordi-
ii iry demands, w hu.li must, in the present unset-
tied state of our Indian rtlations, be estimated at
no meo ísiderdble sum, if only rtquired for the
purpose of preventing hostilities Under the
opt ration of the deposit bill, the revenue of 1837
w i'l not mtet the aggregate amount of all these
apnropuaiions
TI e bill now under consideration being exclu-
sivtly for new works,requiring surveys or exam-
inations, proposes another million, which will be {
added to tht unexptiided appropnations for 1836, |
and will fill almost entirely on the revenue for)
lb37 Whatever amount we now add to our ap-
propnations must, under our new deposit sys-
tem, be supplied by recourse to taxation, by an
inciease of the tariff. Such, sir, is the operation
of your deposit bill, whether the honor of its
paternity belongs to tht Senate or the House—to
either or both parties. The minority who voted
against that measure will long have occasion to
h? proud of their vote, while those friends of the
Constitution who yielded to their apprehensions,
will remember but to regret it. It is in vain to
disguise the matter, the fnends of the Constitu-
tion have been defeated. I was not surprised to
witness the air of triumph displayed on that
occasion by the friends of the tariff and of Federal
internal improvements The advocates of the
American system had just reason to exult.
They saw , in an instant, the work of years of
reformation swept away, the barriers of the Con-
stitution overthrown, and the American system
restored in a more formidable shape than had ever
been contemplattd.evtn by its projectors. I trust,
sir, that though defeated, we are not ready to
surrender principles for which we hive been so
long and, till now, so successfully contending I
hope the contest will be renewed in December,
fur, if your deposit law remains, you must agim
have recourse to taxation, and oui Constitution
will be effectually annulled. For all national pui-
posea it will be more inefficient than the old Arti-
cles of Confederation, while this Government will
be converted into an oppressive and rapacious
tax-gatherer for the support of the States, depend-
ing as they will, in every branch of their expend-
itures, on the Federal Treasury Our whole polit-
ical system will be reversed—we shall exhibit the
Such is one of the great motives for striking
out the t nactmg tliuse of this bill. Every appro-
pi ntion now made 13 not to be tikon from your
suiplus, but will be so much iddtd to the taxes
of the countiy Theit ire some appiopnations
in the bill which I shill vote for, as connected
with our national conotrns, but most of them are
local, and some of them should fall, not even upon
the treasuries of the Stites, but upon assessments
upon tlu towns for whose impi ivement they art
d sigmd Thtse arc loeil, not nxtional expendi-
tures, and it we are to cany out this system,
impiove every petty hubor, and, as the gcntlc-
min fiom Pennsyhann[Mr. Sutherland] says,
"0111 hundred riveis," we shall open a theitcr
of expendituie beyond anything ever contem-
plated by those who fiamed, or by otheis who
hive given tht bioadtst construction to the Con-
stitution.
On this question I wish to be frankly under-
stood    While I have always considered the Mis-
sissippi, with its giant arms stietching through
vist regions of our public domain, as objects in
the improvement of which   the  States  have  a
direct interest, I hive ni ver considtred it a Fed-
eral duty to provide for ímpioving the navigation
of every creek and river in tht country     Sir,
even  the improvtnient of the   Hudson  I  have
always thought  more a State than a national
contern     I have never heard the appropriation
for that river mentioned in this House, without
feeling that the chaiacter of our State was de-
graded, that a State like ours, great in popula-
tion, and powerful in icsources, equal to many
of the kingdoms in Europe, should be petitioning
here for the means of removing an obstruction in
a river ntir the head of navigation.   I tiust it will
not be long before the pride of our fellow citizens,
from the Atlantic to the lakes, will be roused,
when w e shall draw upon our own vast resources,
and  not  annually present  our pttitions  here.
Under the auspices of the State, this impiovement
might be soon accomplished; but so long as we
depend upon oui Federal Treasury, we cannot,
anticipate when it will be finished.   But, however
that may be, this branch of our Federal expendi-
ture should be íigidly examined before we pro-
ceed further in l't, for if wt go on as we have
done, or as is proposed in this ntw bill, we shall
be  called  upon   to  impiove  eveiy harbor  and
river in the country, involve  oui Treasury in
millions of expendituies not to be estimated, and
in an annual intieasr of taxation, without the aid
even of a deposit 01 distribution bill.
THE MILITARY ACADEMY.
SPEECH OF HON. FRANKLIN PIERCE,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
In the House of Representatives,
Jm.e 30, 1836,
On the bill authorizing appropnations for the Military
Academy.
Mr. PIERCE said:
Mr Chairman: An attempt was made during
the last Congress to bring the subject of the re-
organization of the Military Academy before the
country through a repoit of a committee The
same thing has been done during the present
session, again and again, but all efforts have
proved alike unsuccessful' Still you do not
cease to call for ippropnations, you require the
people's money foi thesuppoit of the institution,
while you refuse them the light necessaiy to
enable them to judge of the piopnety of your
annual requisitions
Whether the amount proposed to be appropri-
ated by the bill upon youf table is too great or too
enemies of exorbitant and unjust taxation, the
friends of a rigid boundary between State and
Fidtnl duties'and pawns, should have been
separated I hope wo shall be more unite d here-
after, but, whatevtr may be the tvent, the con-
test must come, though we go into the fight crip-
pled and wounded by an arrow " feathered from
our own wing "
No. 33
.ts progiess I cannot vote a sin;,
the resolution of inquiry presented by my fnend
from Kentucky [Mr. Haw 1 s] at an caily day in
the session shall befiist taken up and disposed
of I am aware, sir, th it it will be said—because
I have heard the same dt chration on a former
occasion—that this is not the proper time to dis-
cuss the merits of the institution, that the bill is
to make provision forexpenses already incurred,
in pait, and whatever opinions may be enter-
tained upon the necessity of a reoigamzation,
appropriation must bo made. I say to gentlemen
who are opposed to the principles of the institu-
tion, and to those who believe that abuses exist
which ought to be exposed and corrected, that
now is their only time,and this their only oppor-
tunity dining the present session, to attain their
ob)oct, and I tiust they will steadily resist the
bill until its friends shill find it necessary to take
up the resolution of inquiry and give it us proper
reference.
Su, why has this investigation been resisted?
Is not an institution which has already cost this
country more than $3,000,000, for which you pro-
pose, in this very bill, an appropriation of more
than $130,000, and which at the same time, in the
estimation of a lai ge portion of the citizens of this
Union, has failed, eminently failed to fulfill the
objects for which it was established, of sufficient
inteiest and importance to claim the consideration
of a committee of this House, and of the House
itself
I should have expected the resolution of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr Hawes,] merely
proposing an inquiry, to pass without opposition,
had I not witnessed the stiong sensation, nay,
excitement, that was produced here, at the last
session, by the presentation of Ins yet unpublished
lepoit. Sir, if you would have an exhibition of
highly-excited feeling, it requires little observation
to learn that you may produce it at any moment
by attacking such laws as confer exclusive and
giatuitous pi iv lieges The adoption of the reso-
lution of inquiry at the last session of Congress,
and the appointment of a select committee under
it, were made occasion of newspaper paragraphs,
which, in tone of lamentation and direful piedic-
tion, uvaled the most highly-wrought specimens
of the panic era. One of those articles I preserved
and have before me.    It commences thus.
" The architects or hdin —This name has been ap-
propriately given to those who are leading on the base, the
ignorant, and the unprincipled, in a remor-eless war upon
all the guards and defenses of society "
I introduce it here merely to show'what are,
in certain quarters, considered the guards and de-
fenses of society After various compliments sim-
ilar to that just cited, the article proceeds:
"All this is dangerous as novel, and the ultimate resulta
cannot be contemplated without anxiety It this spirit
extend , who can checkit' ' Down with the bank,' 'down
with the Mihtarv Acadpmy,' 'down with the judiciarj,'
' down with the fcenate,' will be followed by watchwords
of a worse character "
I Here, Mr. Chairman, you have the United
States Bank fiist, and then the Military Acad-
emy, as the gumás and defenses of your country.
If it be so, you are indeed feebly protected. One
of these guards and defenses is already tottering.
And who are the architects of rum that have re-
solved its downfall' Are they the base, the igno-
rant, and the unprincipled' No, sir. The most
pure and patriotic portion of your community;
the staid, industiious, intelligent farmers and
mt chames, through a public seivant, who has
met responsibilities, and seconded their wishes
with equal intrepidity and success, in the camp
and in the Cabinet, have accomplished this great
woik Mi Chauman, there is no leal danger
to be appiehended fiom this much-dreaded level-
ing principle.                                                           .
Tiom the middling interest you have derived
your most able and efficient support in the most
gloomy and trying periods of your history And
what have they asked in return ? Nothing but
the common advantages and blessings of a free
Government, administered under equal and im-
partial laws. They arc responsible for no portion
of vou r legislation, which, through its partial and
unjust operation, has shaken this Union to its
center That has had its origin in a different
quarter, sustained by wealth, the wealth of mo-
nopolies, and the power and influence which
wealth thus accumulated and disposed never fails
to contiol Indeed, sir, while far from demand-
ing at your hands special favors for themselves,
they have not, in my judgment, been sufficiently
lealous of all legislation confeinng exclusive and
gícrfiuíolispiivilcges
That the law creating the institution of which
gl
