514
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 30,
24th Cong.... I st Sess.
The Military Academy—Mr. Pierce.
Ho. of Reps.
I am now speaking, and the practice under it, is j
strongly marked by both these characteristics,
is apparent at a single glance. It is gratuitous,
because those who are so fortunate as to obtain
admission there, receive their education without
anv obligation, except such as a sense of honor
m ¡v impose, to return, either by service or other-
■ttise, the slightest equivalent. It is exclusive,
inasmuch as only one youth out of a population
of more than forty-seven thousand can partici-
pate in its advantages at the same time; and those
who are successful are admitted at an age when
their characters cannot have become developed,
and with very little knowledge of their adapta-
tion, mental or physical, for military life. The
system disregards one of those great principles
which, carried into practice, contributed perhaps
more than any other to render the arms of Napo-
leon invincible for so many years. Who does
not perceive that it destroys the very life and
spring of military ardor and enthusiasm, by utter-
ly foreclosing all hope of promotion to the soldier
and non-commissioned officer? However meri-
torious maybe his services; however preeminent
may become his qualifications for command, all
is unavailing. The portcullis is dropped between
him and preferment; the wisdom of your laws
having provided another criterion than that of
admitted courage and conduct by which to de-
termine who are worthy of command. They
have made an academy where a certain number
of young gentlemen arc educated annually at the
public expense, and to which there is, of conse-
quence, a general rush, not so much from senti-
ments of patriotism and a taste for military life
as from motives less worthy—the avenue, and the ¡
only avenue, to rank in your army. These are
truths, Mr. Chairman, which no man will pre-
tend to deny ; and I leave it for this House and
the nation to determine whether they do not
exhibit a spirit of exclusiveness alike at variance !
with the genius of your Government and the I
efficiency and chivalrous character of your mili-
tary force.
Sir, no man can feel more deeply interested in
the Army, or entertain a higher regard for it, than
myself. My earliest recollections connect them-
selves fondly and gratefully with the names of
the brave men who, relinquishing the quiet and
security of civil life, were staking their all upon
the defense of their country's rights and honor.
One of the most distinguished among that noble
band now occupies and honors a seat upon this
floor.
It is not fit that I should indulge in expressions
of personal respect and admiration, which 1 am
sure would find a hearty response in the bosom
of every member of this committee. I allude to
him merely to express the hope, that, on some
occasion, we may have upon this subject the
benefit of his experience and observation. And
if his opinions shall differ from my own, 1 prom-
ise carefully to review every step by which I have
been led to my present conclusions. You cannot
mistake me, sir; I refer to the hero of Erie. I
have declared myself the friend of the Army.
Satisfy me, then, what measures are best calcu-
lated to render it effective, and what all desire it
to be, and I go for the proposition with my whole
heart.
But I cannot believe that the Military Academy,
as at present organized, is calculated to accom-
plish this desirable end. It may, and undoubt-
edly does, send forth into the country much mili-
tary knowledge; but the advantage which your
Army, or that which will constitute your Army
in time of need, derives from it, is by no means
commensurate with the expense you incur. Here,
Mr. Chairman, permit me to say, that I deny,
utterly, the expediency and the right to educate,
at the public expense, any number of young men
who, on the completion of their education, are
not to form a portion of your military force, but
to return to the walks of private life. Such was
never the operation of the Military Academy until
after the law of 1812; and the doctrine, so far as
I have been able to ascertain, was first formally
announced by a distinguished individual, at this
time sufficiently jealous of the exercise of Execu-
tive patronage, and greatly alarmed by what he
conceives to be the tendencies of this Government
to centralism and consolidation.   It may be found
in the report of the Secretary of "War, communi-
cated to Congress in 1819.
If it shall, upon due consideration, receive the
sanction of Congress and the country, I can see
no limit to the exercise of power and Govern-
ment patronage. Follow out the principle, and
where will it lead you? You confer upon the
National Government the nbsolute guardianship
of literature and science, military and civil; you
need not stop at military science—any one in the
wide range of sciences becomes at once a legiti-
mate and constitutional object of your patronage;
you are confined by no limit but your discretion ; !
you have no check but your own good pleasure.
If you may afford instruction, at the public ex- :
pense, in the languages, in philosophy, in chem-
istry, and in the exact sciences, to young gen- i
tlemen who are under no obligation to enter the
service of their country, but are, in fact destined
for civil life, why may you not, by parity of
reasoning, provide the means of a legal, or theo-
logical, or medical education, on the ground that
the recipients of your bounty will carry forth
a fund of useful knowledge, that may, at some
time, under some circumstances, produce a bene-
ficial influence, and promote " the general wel-
fare?" Sir, I fear that even some of us may
live to see the clay when this " general welfare"
of your Constitution will leave us little ground
to boast of a Government of limited powers.
But I did not propose at this time to discuss the
abstract question of constitutional right. I will
regard the expediency alone; and whether the
power exist or not, its exercise in an institution
like this is subversive of the only principle upon
which a school conducted at the public expense
can be made profitable to the public service—
that of making an admission into your school,
and an education there, secondary to an appoint-
ment in the army. Sir, this distinctive feature
characterized all your legislation and all execu-
tive recommendations down to 1810.
I may as well notice here as at any time an
answer which has always been ready when ob-
jections have been raised to this institution—an
answer which, if it has not proved quite salisfac- ¡
tory to minds that yield their assent more readily
to strong reasons than to the authority of great '
names, has yet unquestionably exercised a pow-
erful influence upon the public mind. It has not
gone forth upon the authority of an individual
merely, but has been published to the world with
the approbation of a committee of a former Con-
1 gress. It is this: that the institution has received,
at different times, the sanction of such names as
Washington, Mams, and Jefferson; and this has
been claimed with such boldness, and in a form
so imposing, as almost to forbid any question of
i its accuracy. If this were correct, in point of
fact, it would be entitled to the most profound
respect and consideration, and no change should
be urged against the weight of such authority,
without mature deliberation, and thorough con-,
viction of expediency. Unfortunately for the
advocates of the institution, and fortunately for
the interests of the country, this claim cannot be
sustained by reference to Executive Documents,
' from the first report of General Knox, in 1790,
to the close of Mr. Jefferson's administration.
The error  has, undoubtedly, innocently oc-
curred by confounding the Military Academy at
West Point as it was with the Military Academy j
at West Point as it is.    The report of Secretary
Knox, just referred to, is characterized by this
distinctive feature—that the corps proposed to be '
organized were " to serve as an actual defense !
to the community," and to constitute a part of
the active military force of the country; " to serve ¡
in the field, or on the frontier, or in the fortifica-
tions of the sea-coast, as the Commander-in-Chief
may direct." At a later period, the report of the
Secretary of War, Mr. McHenry, communicated
to Congress in 1800, although it proposed a plan
for military schools differing in many essential
particulars from those which had preceded it,
still retained the distinctive feature just named as
characterizing the report of General Knox.
With regard to educating young men gratui-
tously, which, whatever may have been the design,
1 am prepared to show is the practical operation
of the academy, as at present organized, I cannot,
perhaps, exhibit more clearly the sentiments of
the Executive at that early day, urgent as was the
occasion, and strong as must have been the desire
I to givp strength and efficiency to the military
force, than by reading one or two paragraphs from
a supplementary report of Secretary"McHenry,
addressed to the chairman of the Committee of
Defense, on the 31st of January, 1800. The Sec-
retary says:
'• Agreeably to the plan of the Military Academy, the
directors thereof are to be officers taken from the  Army;
consequently no expense will be incurred by such appoint-
ments. The plan also contemplates that officers of the
Arm), cadets',and non-eominiSMoned officers,shall receive
instiuction in tlie academy. As the rations and fuel which
«¡ley arc entitled to in the Army will suffice for them in ilie
academy, no additional expense will be íequircd for objects
of maintenance, while there. The expenses of servants
and certain incidental expenses relative to the police and
administration, may be dehayed by those who shall be ad-
mitted out of their pay and emoluments."
You will observe, Mr. Chairman, from the
phraseology of the report, that all were to consti-
tute a part of your actual military force; and that
whatever additional charges should be incurred
were to be defrayed by those who might receive
the advantages of instruction. These were pro-
visions, just, as they are important. Let me call
your attention for a moment to a report of Col-
onel Williams, which was made the subject of a
special message, communicated to Congress by
Mr. Jefferson, on the 18th of March, 1808.
The extract I propose to read, as sustaining
fully the views of Mr. McHenry upon this point,
is in the following words:
" It might be well to make the plan upon such a scale as
not only to take in the minor officers of the Navy, but also
any youths from any of the States who might wish for such
an education, whether designed for the Army or Navy, or
neither, and let tliein be a>sessed to the value of their
education, which might form a fund for extra or contingent
expenses."
Sir, these are the true doctrines upon this
subject—doctrines worthy of the Administration
under which they were promulgated, and in ac-
] cordance with the views of statesmen in the ear-
lier and purer days of the Republic.
Give to the officers of your Army the highest
advantages for perfection in all the branches of
military science, and let those advantages be open
to all in rotation, and under such terms and reg-
ulations as shall be at once impartial toward the
officers and advantageous to the service; but lot
all young gentlemen who have a taste for military
life, and desire to adoptarms as a profession, pre-
pare themselves for subordinate situations at their
own expense, or at the expense of their parents
or guardians, in the same manner that the youth
\ of the country are qualified for the professions of
civil life. Sir, while upon this subject of gratui-
tous education, I will read an extract from " Du-
pin's Military Force of Great Britain," to show
what favor it finds in another country, from the
practice and experience of which we may derive
some advantages, however far from approving of
! its institutions generally. The extract is from the
second volume, 71st page, and relates to the terms
on which young gentlemen are admitted to the
juniordepartments of the Royal Military College
at Sandhurst:
" First. The sons of officers of all ranks, whether of the
land or sea forces, who have died in the service, leaving
their families in pecuniary distress. This class are in-
structed, boarded, and habited gratuitously by the State,
being required only to provide their equipments on admis-
sion, and to maintain themselves in linen.
" Secondly. The sons of all officers of the army above
the rank of subalterns actually in the service, and who pay
a sum proportioned to their ranks, according to a scale per
annum regulated by the supreme board. The sons of
living naval officers of rank not below that of master and
commander, are also admitted on payment of annual sti-
pends, similar to those of corresponding ranks in the army.
The orphan sons of officers, who have not left their fami-
lies in pecuniary difficulties, are admitted into this class on
paying the stipends required of officers of the rank held by
their parents at the time of their decease.
( " Thirdly. The sons of noblemen and private gentlemen
, who pay a yearly sum equivalent to the expenses of their
education, board, and clothing, according to a rate regu-
lated from time to time by the commissioners."
Sir, let it be remembered that these are the reg-
ulations of a Government which, with all its
wealth and power, is, from its structure and prac-
tice, groaning under the accumulated weight of
pensions, ■sinecures, and gratuities, and yet ydti
observe that only one class, " the sons of officers
of all ranks, whether of the land or sea forces,
who have died in the service, leaving their fami-
