1836]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Harbor Bill—Mr. DunJap.
Ho. of Reps.
lies in ptcimiarv distress," are educated gratui-
tously 1 do not appiove even of this, but I
hold it uo in contrast with your own punciples
and pratine
It the patience of the committee would war-
rant nit, Mr. Chairmm, I could show, by refer-
ence to 1 >cteuti\e communications and the con-
current lenísimo  of Congre&s in 1794, 1706,
180J, and Ibüf, that prior to the last mentioned
date such aii institution as we now ha^e was
neither recommendtd nor contemplated. Upon
this point 1 will not detain you longer, but when
hereafter confronted, by the authority of great
names, I trust we shall be told where theexpies-
sions of apiuobation are to be found. We may
then |udge ot their applicability to the Military
Acadtmv as at present orgamz  d
I am tar from desiring to see this country dts-
titutt of a Military Academy, but I would have
it a school of practice and instruction for offictrs
actually in the ser\ice of the United States; not
an institution for educating gratuitously young
gentlemen who, on the completion of thtir term,
or after a few months leave of absence,.resign
their commissions and return to the pursuits ot
civil life. If any one doubts that this is the
practical operation of your prtsent system, I
reftr him to the annual li&t of resienations. to be
found in the Adjutant General's Office.
Firmly as I am convinced of the necessity of
a reorganization, I would take no step to create
an unjust prejudice against the institution. All
that I ask, and, so far as I know, all that any of
the opponents of the institution ask, is that after
a full and impartial investigation, it shall stand
or fall upon its merits. I know there are grad-
uates of the institution.who aie ornaments to the
Army, and an honor to their country; but they,
and not the seminary, are entitled to the credit.
Here I would remark, once for all, that I do not
reflect upon the officers or pupils of the academy;
it is to the principles of the institution itself, as at
present organized, that I object. It is often said
that the graduates leave the institution with sen-
timents that but ill accord with the feelings and
opinions of the great mass of the people of that
Government from which they derive the means
of education, and that many who take commis-
sions possess few qualifications for the command
of men, either in war or in peace. Most of the
members of this House have had more or less
intercourse with these young gentlemen, and I
leave it for each individual to form his own opin-
ion of the correctness of the charges. Thus
much I will say for myself, that I believe that
these and greater evils are the natural, if not the
inevitable, result of the principles in which this
institution is founded; and any system of educa-
tion, established upon similar principles, on
Government patronage alone, will produce like
results, now and forever. Sir, what are some of
these results > By the report of the Secretary of
War dated January, 1831, we are informed that;
" by an estimate of the last five years, (preceding
that date,) it appears that the supply of the army
from the corps of graduated cadets has averaged
about twenty-two annually, while those who
graduated are about forty, making in each year
an excess of eighteen. The number received
annually into the academy averages one hundred,
of which only the number stated, to wit: forty,
pass through the prescribed course of education
at schools, and become supernumerary lieutenants
in the army." By the report of the Secretary
of War, December, 1830, we are informed that
" the number of promotions to the Army from
this corps for the last five years has averaged
about twenty-two annually, while the number of
graduates has been at an average of forty. This
excess, which is annually increasing, has placed
eighty-seven in waiting until vacancies shall take
place, and show that in the next year, probably,
and in the succeeding one, certainly, there will be
an excess beyond what the existing law author-
izes to be commissioned. There will then be one
hundred and six supernumerary brevet second
lieutenants appurtenant to the Army, at an aver-
age annual expense of $80,000 " Sir, that re-
sults here disclosed were not anticipated by Mr.
Madison, is apparent from a recurrence to his
messages of 1810 and 1811.
In passing the law of 1812, both Congress and
the President aitcd for the occasion, and they |
expected those who should succeed them to act
in a similvr manner Their feelings of patnotism
and resentment were aroused by beholding the
privileges of freemen wantonly invaded, our glo-
rious stars and stripes disregarded, and national
and individual rights tiampled in the dust The
war was pending; the necessity for increasing
the military force of the country was obvious and
pressing, and the urgent occasion for increased
facilities for military instruction equally apparent.
Sir, it was under circumstances like these, when
we had not only enemies abroad, but, I blush to
say, enemies at home, that the institution, as at
piesent organized, had its origin. It will haidly
be pretendtd that it was the onginal design of the
law to augment the number of poisons instructed
beyond the wants of the public seivice
Wtll, the repoit of the Secretary shows that,
for five years prior to 1831, the academy had fur-
nished eighteen supernumeraries annually. A
practical operation of this character has no sanc-
tion in the recommendation of Mr. Madison.
The report demonstiates, further, the fruttfulncss
and Hfi/i/t/of this institution, by showing the fact
that but two fifths of those who enter the academy
giaduate, and that but a fraction more than one
tifth enter the public service. This is not the
fault of the administration of the academy; it is
not the fault of the young gentlemen who are sent
there; on vour present peace establishment there
can be but little to stimulate them, particularly in
the acquisition of military science There can
hardly be but one object in the mind of the stu-
dent, and that would be to obtain an education for
the purposes of civil life. The difficulty is, that
the institution has outlived both the occasion that
called it into existence, and its original design.
I have before remarked that the academy was
manife&tly enlarged to correspond with the Army
and militia actually to be called into service. Look
then for a moment at facts, and observe with how
much wisdom, justice,and sound policy, you re-
tain the provisions of the law of 1812. The total
authorized force of 1813, after the declaration of
war, was fifty-eight thousand two hundred and
fifty-four; and in October, 1814, the military es-
tablishmenlamounted to sixty-two thousand four
hundred and twenty-eight. By the act of March,
1815, the peace establishment was limited to ten
thousand, and now hardly exceeds that number.
Thus you make a reduction of more than fifty
thousand in your actual military force, to accom-
modate the expenses of the Government to its
wants. And why do you refuse to do the same
with your grand system of public education'
Why does that remain unchanged? Why not
reduce it at once, at least to the actual wants of
the service,and dispense with yourcorpsof super-
numerary lieutenants? Sir, there is, there can
be but one answer to the question, and that may
be found in the war report of 1819, to which I
have before had occasion to allude. The Secre-
tary says, " the cadets who cannot be provided
for in the Army will return to private life, but
in the event of a war their knowledge will not be
lost to the country." Indeed, sir, these young
gentlemen, if they could be induced to take the
field, would, after a lapse often or fifteen years,
come up from the bar, or it may be the pulpit,
fresh in military science, and admirably quali-
fied for command in the face of an enemy.
The magazine of facts, to prove at the same
glance the extravagance and unfruitfulness of
this institution, is not easily exhausted; but I
am admonished by the lateness of the hour to
omit many considerations which I regard as both
interesting and important. I will only detain the
committee to make a single statement, placing
side by side some aggregate results. There has
already been expended upon the institution more
than three millions three hundred thousand dol-
lars. Between 1815 and 1821, thirteen hundred
and eighteen students were admitted into the
academy; and of all the cadets who were ever
there, only two hundred and sixty-five remained
rn the service at the end of 1830. Here are the
expenses you have incurred, and the products
you have realized.
I leave them to be balanced by the people.
But for myself, believing as I do that the acad-
emy stands forth as an anomaly among the insti-
tutions of this country; that it is at variance with
the spirit, if not the letter of the Constitution
undei which we live, so long as this House
shall deny investigation into its principles and
practical operation, I, as an individual member,
will íefuse to appropriate the first dollar for its
support.
THE HARBOR BILL.
REMARKS OF HCLV.W. C. DUNLAP,
OF TENNESSEE,
Iv the House of Representatives,
June 23, 1836,
On the amendment of Mi  Carter to the Harbor Bill, in
Committee of the Whole
Mr. DUNLAP said:
Mi Chairman: I shall vote for the amendment
of my colleague; not that I believe Congress has
the power to appropriate money for any such
purposes; but, on the contrary, I am well satis-
fied that whenever she makes appropriations to
any such object, it is usurpation of power on her
part I vote for the amendment alone on the
principle that the object for which it is intended
to be appropriated is more national than many
that aie included in the bill. The rivers intended
to be improved by the appropriation included in
my colleague's amendment, run through an ex-
tent of country of fiom twelve to fifteen hundred
miles, and in a section of this Union where they
never have had any of the public treasures spent
in the improvement of their rivers There is no
country that needs the navigation of her rivers
improved more than EastTennPSsee. It is one of
the healthiest countries on thu continent. The
soil is productive. It is settled by the most in-
dustrious citizens, and they always have a super-
abundance of every article of agriculture for mar-
ket; and all they want, to be the wealthiest and
happiest people living in any country, is the
navigation of their beautiful rivers improved, so
as to afford them greater facilities in taking their
surplus produce to market. Notwithstanding,
Mr. Chairman, their great want of money to
improve the navigation of their riveis, none has
ever been spent there by the Federal Government,
although millions have been spent in other sec-
tions of this Union on rivers less entitled to the
notice of the Government. And why has it not
been done > Because, sir, Tennessee has sent her
sons here as her Representatives, who entertained
the opinion that it was a violation of the Consti-
tution of their country to have money appropn~
ated by the Fedeial Government for internal im-
provement in the States; and her proud Repre-
sentatives never asked that the Constitution of
their country should be violated for the benefit of
their constituents, their constituents entertained
the same opinion of their Representatives, and
never required such a thing of them.
But, sir, there are gentlemen who believe Con-
gress have the power to appropriate money for
such purposes, and to their votes I object not; I
only ask of them not to take all the money, and
not to let sectional feelings govern their votes—to
vote money to improve a river west of the mount-
ains, if they would vote for the improvement of
the same river if it lay east of them. I desire
that this amendment should be incorporated into
the bill, and when on its passage, I shall vote
againt the bill, but if it is to pass, let those gen-
tVmen who vote for their own rivers, also vote
for ours.
Mr. Chairman, I had hoped, after the passage
of the deposit bill yesterday, the operation of
which is to distribute among the States equally
i the surplus revenue, that gentlemen on this floor
I would agree to take their equal part of the money,
and be satisfied to let their States appropriate the
money thus received to objects of internal im-
provement within their respective limits; but, sir,
it seems that gentlemen are not content to receive
their equal proportion of the public revenue, but
desire to have all their improvements made out of
the common fund before the division takes place.
I, for one, am unwilling to give one cent of what
is coming to my State to any of the gentlemen
to improve their rivers. Although, sir, I claim
no^credit in getting the division of the money
among the States, (not having voted for the bill,
