518
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 22,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Proceeds of the Public Lands—Mr. Walker.
Sen
ATE.
friends of the proposed amemlnient to proceed
with the present appropriation to lay down any
part of a railway. They only desired that the
bill should be so modifud as to expend the ap-
propriation in completing the grading of the road,
and that the grade should be so cut that a railway
or a macadamized coat could either be put on, as
might hereafter bo determined. He did not per-
mit" himself to doubt the superiority of the rail-
way, but if the macadamized was finally adopted,
nothing could be lost by now completing the
grade; whereas, if the railway should be here-
after adopted, the whole expenditure on the stone
covering would be of little value. He wanted to
give time for the people to investigate the subject,
and for the Legislatures of the States, into whose
hands it was to be surrendered, and who were to
keep it in repair, to express their opinions. He
would feel himself instructed on this subject by
the decision of the Legislature of Ohio.
Gentlemen seemed not to apprehend the opera-
tion of the change. When either plan of road
should be completed, it would be surrendered to
the States. They committed the macadamized
road to their agents, and levied toll upon those
who traveled upon it, to keep it in repair. If a
railway was constructed, it would be surrendered
to the States, and the States would put their cars
under the direction of their agents on it, and
would only charge so much for transportation
and passengers as would keep the road in repair,
and meet the expenses of running the cars. It
would, therefore, be the cheapest fare of any
road ever constructed, as the tolls now on the
macadamized road are the lowest. Either road
would be equally under the control of the States
and the people. And it is shown, from the
highest authority, that the railroad may be kept
in repair at much the lowest expense.
Several objections had been urged against the
change of plan to a railroad, untenable as they
were novel. The objection that it could not be
used by emigrants might be refuted by stating
that families going westward may, in two days
from the time they reach this road, be set down
in the grand prairie of Illinois for less money than
their provisions would cost them in the long and
toilsome two or three weeks which their journey
would occupy on the macadamized road, ft
would be a common advantage to the farmer and
to the merchant; the one would procure his pro-
duce sent to the nearest point on the canals or
rivers as much cheaper than he could on a wagon
as the other could his merchandise brought to
him in return cheaper. It would tend to make
the towns and villages on its line the places
where the farmer could sell his produce as much
higher than he otherwise could, as it could be
taken to market cheaper. It would be of the
same advantage to every one in traveling; all
could travel cheaper and faster than in the stage.
It would be emphatically the poor man's means
of traveling. The rich could pay their way in
the stage at any price; but the reductions of fare
on this railroad would bring the expense within
the means of the poorest, and no person would
desire to travel on horseback when they could
perform the journey in one fourth the time, and
for less money, than the amount of their tavern
bills. Last of all, the most astonishing objection
was brought forward that the speed was too great;
the traveler passed so rapidly through that he
had no time to stop and spend any money. If
this objection were admissible, it would be inju-
rious to improve the roads in any way. Let them
remain as impassable as possible, so that pas-
sengers must stop every five miles and stay all
night, for the benefit of the tavern-keepers and
prosperity of the country. This objection, he
apprehended, would not be very popular with
the traveling public, and he understood that road
to be made for the benefit of those who traveled
it.
He had been no little surpnsed to hear honor-
able gentlemen advance these objections, and
advocate a macadamized road, when they well
knew that no private company nor their States
would adopt any other than a railroad, in several
of which they were already engaged. He knew
them to be gentlemen of intelligence and enlarged
views of public policy, and knowing this, he was
only the wpre surprised that they should descend
1 to the argument of the demagogue and cant of the
pot-house politician, when by taking an elevated
stand on this subject so much that is so desirable
might be attained for the advancement of the
West. His constituents and the people of Ohio
were in advance of such objections. Unless some-
thing of the kind were effected, the West would
be behind all their neighbors in the means of
traveling and of receiving intelligence.
To those who did not believe that the Federal
Government luid any power to construct such
works, he had no arguments to address. Hut to
those who were willing to complete the national
road, he hoped the superior advantages of a rail-
road would be seen and adopted. It was shown
by tho estimates that it could be made nearly or
quite as cheap, and that it could be kept in repair
for half the amount. This last item was one
which should control the decision of the States
which are obligated to keep it in repair.
He could not refrain from again expressing that
it would be with much regret that he would assent
to the expenditure of the appropriations for Ohio
and Indiana in the manner provided in the bill;
for, so soon as a railroad should be constructed,
the expenditure would be rendered of compara-
tively little value. The macadamized road, like
the turnpike between this city and Baltimore, and
Baltimore and Frederick, would be abandoned;
but the State would be under obligation to keep
it in repair. Why would it be abandoned? Be-
cause the fare will be cheaper, and the speed much
greater. No wagons, or comparatively none, will
run upon it, for this very conclusive reason: that
everything can and will be tranported cheaper on
the railroad. The expenditure should therefore
be for grading. The plan should be changed. It
was important that the decision should be early
made; the interests of the whole country required
it. Let its benefits extend to those who may
come after us. Let it be not for our use alone,
but for our country and posterity.
Í His constituents felt a deep interest in the loca-
tion of this road. That question he had hoped
would have been settled before this bill. In this
he had been disappointed. Such had been the
course of the application for that change, that he
had not been able to present his views on it. It
was the belief that the interests of a large majority
of his constituents required that the bill proposing
a change of route should be first passed that had
induced him to move to lay this on the table. He
regretted that he could not comply with the wishes
of all his constituents in reference to it; but as
i they were themselves divided, he could only en-
deavor to advance thegreater interest. He would '
now only say that he hoped, when that bill came
up, he should be able successfully to meet every
objection, and refute every argument against its
passage, and prevail upon the House to do justice
to one of the most populous, fertile, and interest-
ing sections through which a road could be made
in the West.                                                           !
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
SPEECH OF HON. R. J. WALKER,
OP MISSISSIPPI,
In Senate, April 22, 1836,
On the bill to appropriate for a limited time the net pro-
ceeds of the sales of the Public Lands among the States,
&c., [Mr. Clay's bill.]
Mr. WALKER said: I am constrained, by an
imperious sense of public duty, to participate in
the debate upon the question now under consid-
eration. The measure proposed for our adoption
is deeply interesting to the whole Union. To
the new States especially it is a subject of the
highest importance. Indeed, so deeply am I im-
pressed with the momentous consequences to my
constituents which must follow the adoption of
this measure, that I am appalled by the contem-
plation of these results, and oppressed by ásense
of the responsibility which is devolved upon me.
My opposition to this bill may be wholly un-
availing; but my resolution is to resist its pas-
sage to the uttermost, consoled by the reflection
that, in any contingency, I have at least endeav-
ored to discharge my duty. The proposition is
to divide among all the States of the Union, ac-
cording to their representative population at the
last census, the net proceeds of the s.iles of the
public lands for the years 1833,18.34,1^35, l£¡36
and 1837. It is a proposition to subtract at least
fifty million dollars from the revenues, past and
prospective, of this Government for distribution
among the States. It reaches back to the 1st of
January, 1833, and stretches forward to the 1st
of January, 1838. The net proceeds of the sales
of the public lands for 1833 have heretofore been
expended by the Government; yet th se proceeds
are recaptured by this h.ll for d stnbution among
the States.    We do not, in fact, distribute thfise
Eroceeds, for they have longsince been expended,
ut we take an equivalent sum from the general
revenues of the Government, and call it the net
proceeds of the public lands for 1833. if, then,
it be unconstitutional to distribute amone the
States the general revenues of this Government
this bill involves this principle. If we may take
for distribution a sum equivalent to the net pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands for 1833, we
may take similar equivalent sums for the net pro-
ceeds of the sales for 1800, and from that period
to the present moment, and call it a distribution
of the net proceeds of the sales of the public
lands. Might we at this moment pass a bill for
the distribution among the States of the net pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands from the
organization of the Government to the present
period? and if not, how can we adopt the present
measure ? It is in vain to disguise the fact that
we are in reality distributing the revenues of the
Government,generally,by the retrospective oper-
ation of this measure. The unexpended balance
in the public Treasury on the 4th of July, 1836,
the distribution of which is then commenced, is
composed, in part, of the revenues arising from
the tariff. A very large portion of this balance
is appropriated, but notexpended, underexistmg
laws. By this bill we either repeal the laws or
make a double appropriation of the same money.
This bill, we have seen, also reaches forward
to the 1st of January, 1838. It makes prospect-
ive calculations for two years in advance of the
wants as well as the revenues of this Government,
and subtracts during all this period for distribu-
tion among the States, the net proceeds of the
sales of the public lands. This prospective dis-
tribution is based upon calculations of an over-
flowing Treasury in 1837—predictions made by
the same party who foretold the insolvency of the
Treasury and ruin of the country as the result of
the measures of this Administration. Others may
legislate for years in advance upon the faith of
their predictions, but their conjectural estimates
of the future wants and revenues of this Govern-
ment furnish no sufficient data upon which I can
rest my vote. They may be as greatly mistaken
now in their prophetic visions of 1837 as they
were in 1834; and if so, this measure would prove
disastrous to the country.
We are no w asked to abandon the settled usages
of the Government, and embark in new projects,
and new experiments. It is proposed to divide
among the States a vast portion of the revenues
of this Government. A division among the Slates
of the revenues of the Government of the Union,
is a fearful omen of the division of the Union itself.
It is a movement towards that dread catastrophe.
It will be the cause, as it is the precursor, of other
assaults upon the Government of the Union.
Division, division is now the watchword of as-
sault upon appropriations for national defense.
The Constitution is assailed here in the very cit-
adel of its power, by a corrupting demand for the
spoils of this Government for distribution. The
prayer of inspiration, " lead us not into tempta-
tion," is wholly disregarded, and the States are
sought to be dazzled and corrupted by golden
visions of millions upon millions for distribution.
Defense is to be erased from the tablets of the
Constitution, and distribution, a word not to be
found in that instrument, is to be interpolated by
an appeal to the States to divide the spoils of the
Government. National honor and national glory
are to become an empty sound; and money—
money for distribution—is to absorb all other con-
siderations. When I reflect that the proposition
before us is not a temporary measure, that it is
not a single operation upon an accidental surplus,
but that its author, the Senator from Kentucky,
