520
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 22,
24th Cosg. ..1st Sess.
Proceeds of the Public Lands—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
from the gross proceeds of the sales of the public
lands on the JOth of September last, and there is
little or nothing to distubute, ceitamly nothing,
upon any possible calculation, approaching the
amountdistributedbythisbill Thegrossamount
paid into the public Tieasury for the purchase of
public lands, fiom 1796 to the 30th of September,
1835, was $58,619,523. Fiom this deduct the
following charges against the public lands:
Sum paid for Louisiana, and interest .$23,529,353
Sum paid foi Florida, and inteiest...    6,489,768
Sum p ud to State of Georgia for public
land,...........................    1,250,000
Cumbeiland   road,   under   contract,
chargeable  on  proceeds of public
lands...........................   5,956,024
Yazoo claims.....................   1,832,375
General Lind Office expenses.......      797,748
Salaries of registers and receivers....        91,153
Salaries of surveyors genet a!, and sur-
veys ot special claims............      860,567
Surveys of public lands.............   2,780,630
Chaiges on lands in Indian depart-
ment............................  17,541,560
Total........................$61,129,178 {
leading a deficit of $2,509,655 against the public  '
lands on the 30th of September last.    But to the
amount paid on account of public lands, as before
stated, the Committee on Public Lands, which
reported this distribution bill, have added four
items, amounting to $5,409,973     Several of these
items the Senator from New York, [Mr. Wright,]
in a very clear and lucid argument, has shown
not to be properly introduced by the committee,
but including them all, and the grosss proceeds
of the sales of the public lands, as estimated by ,
the committee themselves, is but $64,029,496, from |
which deduct the charges before enumerated, and
it will leave a balance in favor of the public lands
on the 30th of September last, of $2,900,318 at
the highest possible estimate.    Now, the pro-
ceeds of the public lands distributed under this
bill, prior to the 30th of September, 1835, are, as
given by the committee themselves, $17,991,873.
Deduct from this last sum the balance in favor of
the public lands on the 30th of September, 1835,
and the sum of $15,090,853 is distubuted under
this bill, not derived fiom the net proceeds of the
sales of the public lands, butjrom the tariff    The
South denied the constitutionality as well as ex-
pediency of a tariff for protection, and do we, or
can we concede the constitutionality or expe-
diency of a tariff for distribution ?   May we raise
by a tariff $15,000,000, or $500,000,000, not for
revenue foi the wants of this Government, but
for disti ibution '    It is perfectly obvious that this
bill adopts the principle of distributing the moneys
realized fiom the tariff for the following reasons,
each of which is sufficient to sustain my position:
First, because it distributes nearly four millions
of dollars as net pioceeds of the sales of the public
lands in 1833, when this sum had been already
fully expended for the puiposes of the Govern-
ment and the payment of the public debt, and the
sum now taken is íeahzed fiom the tariff    Sec-
ond, the Senate distinctly refused to deduct from
the sum for distribution four veiylaige items,
clearly chaigeable on the public lands, and thud,
the sum of at least $15,000,000, as  heretofore
proved, is distubuted under theptovisions of this
bill, prior to the 30th of September, 1835, beyond
the net amount then received from the public
lands     It is in vain, then, to escape the conclu-
sion that this is a bill for a distribution of the
general revenues of this Government.
Have we the power to impose a tariff to raise
money for distribution among the States ' If so,
in what clause of the Constitution is the power
given' May the General Government collect
taxes from the South, by the tariff, to suppoit
the State governments of the North, and pay
their State taxes under the operation of this dis-
tribution ' May Massachusetts, through the
operations of the General Government, tax Mis-
sissippi for the benefit of the people of Massa-
chusetts alone, by the intervention of a tariff for
distribution > But I will go further, and ask that,
conceding this bill to be limited to a distribution
only of the net proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, has Massachusetts, through the operations
of this Government, a right to collect past sums
of money fiom the people of Mississippi for the
use of Massachusetts' And if the power exists,
is it expedient to permit its exercise' Surely
there can be but one response to this last question •
that the old States, thiough the operations of
disti ibution, should receive a State income for
State purposes out of moneys leceived from the
people of the new States from sales of the public
lands, is a most dangerous principle It renders
the new States the colonies of the old States. It
establishes, in fact, in its practical opeiations,
the pnnciple of taxation without representation,
and strikes a deadly blow at the prosperity and
independence of every new State in the Union.
Destructive to the South, ruinous to the new
States, threatening to the Union, will be the
adoption of this fatal, fatal measure
It should not be forgotten that this bill is the
same in substance heretofore vetoed byPiesident
Jackson; that it was reported originally by the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] from the
Committee on Manufactures, when that Senator
was urging a rigid adherence to a protective tariff.
The system of extravagant expenditures by the
General Government for local improvements had
been arrested by the Maysville veto. That
branch of the American system having b<fci
broken down by that veto, the system of distri-
bution has been resorted to as the only means of
preventing a reduction of the tariff and of the
price of the public lands.
Nor is the revival of the tariff the only evil that
will result fiom the adoption of this measure.  It
will forever prevent the reduction of the price of
the public lands, or the adoption of any provision
in favoi of actual settleis.   The preemption sys-
tem, to secure his home to the industrious occu-
pant, has already been sacrificed in anticipation
of the passage of this bill.   The committee which
, reported this bill have reported against the whole
preemption system; they have done more—they
have reported against allowing preemptions to
those settlers whose settlements have been cov-
ered by contingent Choctaw floats    Their chair-
man (who repoited this year this distribution bill)
has declared that the public lands are worth from
ten to twenty dollars per acre, and announced his
determination to bung in a bill which will cause
the public lands to bring these prices    The mode
of operation has also  been disclosed by him.
Secret sealed bids foi all the public lands, by which
the settler must bid for his farm, not only against
the speculator, but against himself, for no human
being can tell what amount of bid will secure his
farm.    Whilst, then, in point of form, the price
of public lands is not increased, in point of fact
it is sought to be augmented by the leading friends
of the distribution bill from one dollar and a quar-
tci to ten or twenty dolíais per acre.   Sales of
the public lands at small prices, for actual settle-
ment, are to be wholly abandoned, and the new
States Heated as some distant colony, to be looked
to only as a source for draining money for dis-
tribution     A duect State interest in the moneys
I arising fiom the sales of the public lands is tobe
given to each one of the old States of the Union.
These States constitute a large majority in both
Houses of Congress, and will, if this bill is passed,
direct then views to the sales of the public lands,
with the sole object of deriving from those sales
the largest fund for distribution; all reduction
of puce, all donations oi preemptions to settlers,
will be utterly refused.   These results were all
predicted by me, in a speech against this bill de-
livered at Raymond, Mississippi, in September,
1834, and these predictions have been all too fully
realized     Each one of the old States desires to
render as large as possible her distributive share
of the proceeds of these sales, and if this bill is
passed, will never consent to dimmish that share
by any i eduction of the price     Preemption laws
will be—they are refused, and sales for speculation
encouraged.    If there is one man who can doubt
the operation of this system, let him examine the
report in which it originated.   That report was
made to the House of Representatives of Con-
gress, on the 25th of February, 1829, by a com-
mittee of that House, in favor of this distribution
of the net proceeds of the sales of the public
lands.    From that report I read the following
extracts.                                                              a
Speaking of the policy which prevailed prior
to the system of distnbution, proposed by the
committee, they say
" Claims reiected at the and offices have been readily
allowed by Congress Grants to colleges -ind other insti
Union" of small tracts having been obtained with facility
and other evidences having been mamlesttd bj a di«posi'
tion on the part of Congress to concide the lights ot the
nnnv to the importunities of the few, 1 irgc don ltions were
successfully solicited, and during the session of 1827 and
1828 Congress actually gaieaway to Smes and to mdivid
uals not less than two million three hundred thousand
acres of choice I ind " * * * " ¿ncouraged by
the succesí ot these applications, severil of the new btates
hive now boldly demanlcd ot Congress the «unendi rofthe
lands within their limits " * * * "Hut it any
¡states have m reality an unhallowed desire to get, it may
be useful to them to reflttt that the other ¡states have
the power to keep " * * * "It nppears to > our
committee that the tune has arrived when the community
should be awakened to a protection ot their rights—when
measurt s should be adopted in the national councils to give
the States a direct interest in the income arising ftom
the saf& oj the public lands This individual measure
would at once check further concessions " * * *
" This policy w ould undoubtedly always influence a major-
ity , beeau-e only the number fiom a State about to receive
a cession would venture to rmke such a gift, when the
evident con-equences would be the diminution of the direct
revenue oí the State  represented by the rest "
Here is the whole ground conceded by the
very committee -which first proposed the distri-
bution of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands In this report the committee concede the
following positions:
First. That prior to the proposed distribution,
" claims rejected at the land offices have been
readily allowed by Congress." * * "Small
tracts have been obtained with facility " * *
" During the session of 1827 and 1828 Congress
actually gave awcy to States and individuals not
less than two million three hundred thousand
acres of choice land."
Second. That the distribution project would
arrest this liberal policy to the new States, by
giving to the old States " a direct interest m
the income arising from the sales of the public lands "
—that this measure " would at once check further
concessions " Here the effects of this distribu-
tion upon the new States is distinctly conceded
by the very committee which proposed the meas-
ure, and its adoption urged by a direct appeal to
the interest of the old States, and a violent denun-
ciation of the new States of the Union as influ-
enced by " unhallowed desires." Let us contrast
the operations of the two systems, as conceded
by the committee themselves*
Distribution—effects of.
1st No donations hereaf-
ter
2d   None hereafter.
3d Ji direct mtere* given
to the old States in the in-
come of public Itnds
4th Rigid system hereaf-
ter as to all land claims
5th A policy to extract
from the new States most
money for distribution
No distribution—effects of
Kt Large dorntions of
lands to individuals
2d Large donations of
lands to new settlers
3d Old States holding no
direct interest in sales of
public lands
4th Private claims to lands
readily allowed
5th A liberal policy to the
new States
A revolution in the policy of the Government
as to the public lands has alteady taken place, in
i anticipation of the passage of this distribution
bill. In 1827 and 1828 the Journals of the Senate
and the published debates of that body demon-
strate that a very large majority of the Senate
was favorable to the reduction of the price of the
public lands, that the measure was lost by a
diffeience of opinion as to the extent of the
reduction, that all seemed willing to reduce the
price of the public lands at once to one dollar an
acre; and that of the few who opposed a consid-
erable reduction, several proposed an immediate
cession, upon equitable terms, of all the public
lands to the States within which they were
situated At the session of 1828, when a bill to
reduce the price of the public lands was under
consideration, the Journals and published debates
show that the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Webster] then moved to reduce the price of the
public lands in favor of actual settlers to fifty
cents per acre. The vote on this proposition, as
recorded on the Journal, was 18 for and 27
against it, a majority of those who voted against
this proposition voting, however, for the other
proposition/or a still greater reduction. Such was
the situation of this question in 1828, prior to the
introduction of the distribution bill. Now, how
changed the scene' All reduction of the price
refused; the settlers of the new States denounced
