1S36.]
24th Cong....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Proceeds of the Public Lands—Mr. Walker.
521
Senate.
upon this floor as unprincipled squatters; pre- |
eruption laws treated with scorn and dension, '
anil Sfx culators encouraged to purchase the farms
of the settleis at the public sales, and rob them
of the pnce of their labor. The Senator fiom
Tennesste [Mr. Whit ] has thought proper to
exprtss, in his speech in favor of this distribu-
tion bill, his disappiobation of my proposition to
reduce to actual Mttltis the puee of the public
lands, h is fir from my intention to arraign the
conduit ot the \oni rnbh Stnator fiom Tennessee;
but as he thinks my proposition so very objec-
t onabh , may I be permitted to remind him that
before he bee une the advocate of this distribution
land bill, ho voted, in 1828 and in 1¡<¡2, as the
Journal  show, for a much greater udurtion in
favor of those xcho only piomised to become actual
settltis [Here the Journals of 1823 and 1832
were produced and read, affirming the above
statement.]
In  1-vtó I find the vote of the Senator fiom
Tennessee [Mr. WiiiTt] against this distribution
land bill, now he is found voting in its favor.   In
1832 I find him voting for the amendment to m-
ciease the amount to the small States, by distrib-
uting according to the representation in the Senate
and House of Representatives, now, his vote is
recorded against the same proposition.    In 1832
I find him voting to exclude from the gross pro-
ceeds to be distributed, all expenses arising from
Indian treaties, Indian annuities, removals, &c;
now, I find his vote iecorded against the same
propositions.    I do not complain of this.    It is
the necessary result of a conversion to the support
of this bill.    Distribution and i eduction are the
opposing principles.    Reduce the price, and dis-
tribution becomes unnecessary.    Distitbute the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands, and the
price will be increased rather than diminished.
\Vhen distribution commences, will any Senator
from any old State dare vote to reduce the price
of the public lands, when such reduction would
be " the diminution of the direct revenue" of the
State he represents '  A vote for this bill is a vote
against reduction—against donations or preemp-
tions to settlers.    It is a vote to sacrifice the new
States for the benefit of the old States.    Money,
money for distribution, will be the result of this
system, and not the settlement or improvement
of the new States of the West.    Sales at high
prices to speculators, and not to settlers, will be
one of the bitter fruits of this measure.    Eight
millions of acres have passed, during the present
year, into the hands of speculators, to the preju-
dice of actual settlers, and this system will be
encouraged because it increases the fund for dis-
tribution.    And if such are the effects in antici-
pation of the adopting of this measure,what will be
the consequences when distribution commences?
I am filled with dismay and apprehension in con-
templating the result.    The new States will be
treated as distant vassal colonies; they will become
to this Union w hat Ireland is to England, counted
only by the dollars and cents which can be ex-
torted from the people. Yes, by this bill the new
Sutes are marked as a table of profit and loss put i
in the market as articles of merchandise tobe
sold   to the highest   bidder, to   obtain money,
money, money for distribution.    Each of the old
States obtains "a direct interest in the income
arising from the sales of the public lands." State
legislation will direct and control this income, and
every old State will desire itsaugmentation. What
will follow?   Instructions to their representatives
in Congress to repeal this law, and incieasc the
price of the public lands. State agents will be sent
from every old State preceding every public land
sale, to examine the farm of cv ery settler, and bid
it up to the most extended value.    Do not the
papers in the old States friendly to this bill de-
cíale that its passage will exempt the people of
these States from all taxation' The people of the
new Statts will be made to pay the taxes of the
people of the old States by this distribution of the
procef ds of the sales of the public lands.    Will
any Stale Legislatuie of any old State dare tax
their constituents when they can avoid this neces-
sity by instructing their representativos in Con-
gress to increa&L their share  of the income by
men asmg the price of the public lands'    Sales
will be made oi postponed, systems established,
prici s icgulattdjsohly with the view to augment
the fund for distribution.    Experiments will be
made to ascertain how much money can be diained
fiom the people of the new States.   A direct col-
lision of interest will be created between the old
and new States.   State legi&lation on this subject
in the old States will be encountered by State
legislation in the new States, and our great and
glouous   Union   subjected   to  imminent   peril.
Could I lift the veil of futunty, could I array
before the Senate all the fatal results of this meas-
ure, 1 am sure they would turn back from the
piecipice upon the very brink of which they are
now standing.   In vain will they attempt to anest
the evil when this bill shall have become a law.
Monty, money, money for distribution will ab-
sorb nil other considerations, and bury in Us en-
gulfing vortex the liberties of this now happy,
hippy Union.    State taxes will   be abandoned,
and the whole taxing power concentrated in the
Gt ne i al Government. State officers, expenses and
improvements, will be paid from the fund distub-
uteil by the General Government.    If the land
sales furnish not a sufficient fund for distribution,
increase the tariff will be the next demand.   Na-
tional defense will next be abandoned, our Army
disbanded, and coast and frontier left defenseless.
The Navy will next be sacnficed.    Increase the
surplus will be the demand of the majority, when-
ever we embark in this corrupting system.   Why
try these dangerous experiments'    Why create
or continue a surplus'  Why not rather reduce the
tauff, íetluce the price of the public lands, and
collect no moie money than is required for the
wants of a Government economically adminis-
tered'    Under the  suiplus system, the General
Government will become a meie collector of money
for the States, and we might as well disband both
Houses of Congress, and let a majority of State
Legislatures conduct all the  operations of this
Government.    No Government can long endure
the operations of such a system.    We will take
the voluntary leavings of a majority of the States
when they shall haveexhaus'ed our revenues in
expenditures for State purposes.   It will be worse
than the system of requisitions upon the States
under the old Confederacy, which brought this
countiy to the brink of ruin.    Never, no, never
was it intended by the framers of the Constitu-
tion that we should collect vast sums for distri-
bution among the States.    It is not among the
enumerated powers or purposes of this Govern-
ment   We can collect money only to conduct the
operations of this Government, and cany into
effect the powers granted to Congress by the Con-
stitution.    Were it otherwise, there is no limit
to the money-collecting power of this Govern-
ment, and we may raise five hundred millions in
a single year for distribution.    Distnbution, a
term unknown, a power now ungranted in the
Constitution, will nullify the Goveinment itself.
This national Government will sink in  a meie
collector of taxes and of money for distribution,
and will soon become an object of scorn and de-
nsion.    It will be gorged by an annual surplus,
to be bled to death  by an annual distribution.
For a few years it may survive this annual oper-
ation of repletion and depletion, but soon the vital
blood will be thrown upon the extiemities, to
return no more to the central organs, and the heart
of the Government will cease to beat.   Reduction
is the only true remedy for a surplus revenue.
Distribution will never send back the money to
those who paid it; reduction will leave the money
in the pockets of the people, to be used by each
freeman for his own benefit, uncontrolled by any
earthly power.
But we are tempted to unite in this system to
sell ourselves to the old States by an offer of ten
per cent, additional on the sales of the public
lands, and five hundred thousand acres. We shall
be indeed more foolish than Esau selling his birth-
right for a mess of pottage, if wc accept the offer.
Why, the distribution is according to the "last
census," and Mississippi has increased, not ten
per cent., but more than one hundred per cent.,
since that period. How unequal, then, and un-
just the ratio of distribution. But let us look at
the operation of this system. Let us take a single
year, in which Mississippi pays into the public
Treasury half a million dollars for the public lands.
Under this system she would get back, in ten
per cent, of the net proceeds and her distributive
share, in all about eighty thousand dollars; and
States thatpaid not a dollar of this money into
the public Treasury would receive the remainder.
And take the whole fund fiom all the lands, and
the old States, that paid scarcely a dollar of this
money into the public Treasury, would receive
three fourths of the whole amount. How long
could we endure the unequal operations of such
a system' It is buying the new States with ten
per cent, upon the money paid by themselves.
it is purchasing us with our own money. But
then the grant of land remains. It is not a dona-
tion, but a sale for a consideration. The consid-
eiation is, as stated in the act, that the pioceeds
of the sales of the lands granted is to be applied in
the construction of roads and canals, &c, which,
when constructed, shall be, in the language of the
grant, " free for the transportation of the United
' States mail and munitions of war, and the pas-
' sage of their troops, without the payment of any
' toll whatever," and the grant is confined to lands
subject to entry at private sale. Now, suppose
the proceeds of the sale vested by thp State in a
railroad, it might so happen that the toll relin-
quished by this act would have yielded annually
more than the interest upon the amount of the
proceeds of the sales of the grant. If so, the land
would have been purchased at a price equivalent
to its value. This grant, then, is a sale for value,
and not a donation. But were it a donation, how
vastly unequal are the grants to the new States.
The professions of the friends of the bill are to
put the new States upon an equality as to grants
of the public domain. Now, this bill grants to
each of the States of Louisiana, Mississippi, and
Missouri, five hundred thousand acres for the
purposes above mentioned, and to Indiana one
hundred and fifteen thousand two hundred and
seventy-two acres; Illinois twenty thousand
acres; and Alabama one hundred thousand acres.
Now, from document No. 245, received from the
Treasury Department, it appears that the grants
made to the new States heretofore for roads and
canals were as follows:
Ohio...................................1,041,337 acres.
Indiana................................  £25,614    "
Illinois................................   480,000    "
Missouri ..............................
Alabama..............................    400,000    "
Mississippi.............................
Louisiana..............................
Now this bill, instead of equalizing the grants
among the new States, leaves Ohio considerably
more than half a million of acres more than Mis-
sissippi , and Indiana one hundred and forty thou-
sand eight hundred and eighty-six acres more
than Mississippi. Why this inequality ' Why
this partiality and favoritism' Why this odious
distinction between the new States in relation to
this matter' Ohio and Indiana should both have
less than Mississippi for this reason, that whilst
Mississippi has received nothing from tins Gov-
ernment for the construction of roads within her
limits, these States have received $5,000,000 from
the General Government for the construction of
the great road leading to and through them; and
this very bill perpetuates this injustice, by charg-
ing this road upon the two per cent, fund, when
that fund has been ten times exhausted already.
Giant to Alabama and Mississippi $5,000,000 for
roads, and moie than two millions of acres in
grants of land, and you will place them on an
equality with Ohio, and not otherwise. If, then,
we are to be paid a price for the surrender of the
interests of the i\ew States to the Old States, let
the price be equal that is paid to all the new
States, and not the unjust and unequal proposi-
tions contained in this bill. Such propositions
are adding insult to injury, and would be rejected
with disdain by the freemen of Mississippi. But
if these grants to the new States are valuable,
why aie they forced into this bill, which the
President has once vetoed, and which it is known
he will veto again, but would appiove in a sepa-
rate bill, which is voted down by the friends of
distribution.
In the message of President Jackson, placing
his veto upon this bill, that illustrious patnotand
statesman declared:
" I deceive myself greatly if the new States would find
their interest  promoted by such a system as thn bill pro-
poses Tlieir true policy consists in the rapid settling and
improvement of the waste lands within their limits. As a
means ot hastening those events, they have long been look-
