¿22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 16,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Naval Service—Mr. Chambers.
Ho. of Reps.
me to i rciuehon in the price of .public lands upon the final
nawuent of the national debt Tin effect of the proposed
sv-ttm would he to prevent that reduction I do not doubt
t!i it it i-. the real interest ol each and all the State-, in the
Union, and pirticulirh ot the new ¡Mate-, that the price ol
the-e land  -hall be reduced and graduated , and tint atter
thtv have been otftred tor a etrtain number ot 5 ears the
retu-e n maiinna unsold -hall be abandoned to the State ,
and the nnchintrv of our land system entireh withdrawn
\\ hile the burden'- of the Ea-t are diminishing In the reduc-
tion ot the dune-, upon import , it -eeuis but equal ju-tice
that the chief burden ot the Westshould be lightened in an
equal degree at least "
Such is the justand liberal policy recommended
by the President of the United States-, and can
dny citizen of any new State doubt or hesitate as
to the two propositions    The one system will
forever prevent a reduction of the price of the
public lands, retard their settlement, restrain emi-
gration to the West, destroy preemption laws,
Drevent donations to settlers, encourage sales to
speculating monopolists, enhance the price, by
introducing seciet sealed bids, prevent the sur-
render of the refuse lands to the new States, sup-
port the State governments of the old States fiom
money extracted from the people of the  new
States, perpetuate the surplus system, and render
an increase of the tariff inevitable.    The other
system proposed by the President, and which |
will ultimately prevail if this distribution project
can be defeated, will subdue the lands of the
West, fill them with a race of farmers and culti-
vators, increase our wealth and population, de- |
velop our resources, and leave this unnecessary
surplus in the hands of our citizens to be used
by each freeman to advance the welfare of him-
self and family.    Reduction of the revenue to the
wants of the Government is our true policy.   Re-
duce the tariff, reduce the price of the public lands,
and you will have no surplus for distribution; but
establish the distribution system, and you will
never reduce; on the contrary, you will soon in-
evitably augment the tariff and the price of the
public lands.    In sustaining distribution, I would
oppose reduction, for they are opposing principles
In sustaining distribution I would oppose pre-
emptions and donations to settlers, encourage
monopolies by speculators of the public lands, and
introduce the system of secret sealed bids, by
which we are threatened by the committee which
reported this bill.    And finally, in supporting dis-
tribution,! would sustain the tariff, and render its
augmentation inevitable, and a consequent depres-
sion of the price of our gieat staple.    These are
my views upon this important subject, and I
thank the Senate for their indulgent attention to
my remarks upon this question.
THE NAVAL SERVICE.
SPEECH OF HON. G. CHAMBERS,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 16, 1836,
Oa the bill making appropriations for the Naval Service.
Mr. CHAMBERS said:
Mr. Chairman: The bill now before the com-
mittee is one containing not only appropriations
for the ordinary expenses of the Navy,but for pur-
poses having relation to a proposed improvement
and increase of the Navy of the United States.
The items in the bill which have been discussed,
and are still the subject of discussion, are those
making appropriations for improvements and
necessary repairs in the seven navy-yards already
established. These improvements are permanent
ones, having reference to an increase of our naval
force; and the amendment proposed by the hon-
orable member from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] is to
reduce the proposed appropriations one half for
these objects; and the case of Portsmouth, to
which it is proposed to appropriate $67,000, was
selected, as I understood the mover, from its being
first named in the bill. The committee will con-
sider the subject not in reference to Portsmouth
only, but, to a certain extent, in reference to all.
The considerations that will influence my v otes
in reference to this class of appropriations, as
well as others in this bill, are as to the policy
and legislation of the Government in relation to
out naval armament. If that armament is to be
increased,(as I think it ought,) then that increase
and its preservation demand the extension and
completion of those navy-yards which are neces-
sary to the preservation of materials, and to the
building, equipping,repairing;, and pttserv ing oui
national vessels If we build and maintain moie
vessels, we must have, as incidental, the neces-
sary navy-yaids, docks, sheds, dc
The great question that presents itself in rela-
tion to many provisions in this bill is, is it the
policy and duty of Congress, at this time,topio-
vide for an increase of oui naval powei > I am
decidedly for that increase, not as a war measure,
but a measure of peace. The war cloud that was
suspended for some time over this nation and
Fiance is dispelled; there remains of it no longer
even" the size of a man's hand" to be seen on our
honzon. I had not, sir, any appiehensions of
that war, for there was no cause for war; and I
could not suppose that the French Government
or people were disposed to engage in a war with
us, and could not allow myself to think that those
who were in possession of the powers of this
Government would assume the awful responsi-
bility of involving this nation in all the calamities
of war for causes so fuvolous and ridiculous as
those which occupied the attention and filled the
correspondence of our diplomatic agents for the
last year. It has all passed off, and we are called
on to legislate now in reference to our existing
relations of peace. In that relation, what ought
to be our naval armament' It is important that
it ought to have a rank and character adapted to
the power, resources, and widely-extended com-
merce of this nation, and that would correspond,
in some degree, with the naval armaments of other
commeicial nations The ships of the United
States now whiten every sea, and are to be found
in every port or harbor where there are men,
money, and tiade. In the northern and southern
oceans it may well be said that " its home is on
the deep," where our hardy navigators and seamen
dwell for months on the same ocean, taking from
its waters a rich harvest of fish and oil to repay
them for their much toil and many dangers.
Great as has been our growth in population
and poweras anation, (and, as such, it is unpre-
cedented in the history of nations,) yet it is ex-
ceeded by our increase in commeicial prosperity.
After the adoption of the Federal Constitution,
in 1790, our population was 3,929,328; at this
time probably about 15,000,000, being not quite
foutfold The whole imports of the country in
1790 were but $23,000,000, whilst for 1835, ac-
cording to retuins and estimates of the Treasury
Department, they are $151,030,368, being nearly
sevenfold The exports for the year 1790 were
$20,205,156; for 1835, the exports reported are
$118,955,235, being nearly sixfold.
A trade of such magnitude, with its innumer-
able ships belonging to our citizens, and having
connections and involving interests of value be-
yond all calculation and estimate, is entitled to
the protecting carepf the Government, and that
protection is to be found in a naval armament
that will pervade eveiy sea, and occasionally
show itself on foreign stations, and in the ports
of our friends and commercial rivals. A few
national vessels visiting foieign seas and poits
will do more for the protection of our commerce
and seamen, and elevate our national character
and power in the estimation of a trading com-
munity everywhere, "than ministers orchargés"
at every foreign Government, great or small, and
commercial agents at every port. Foreign Gov-
ernments have their intercourse with us through
our ministers orcommercial agents, but the trading
community which our citizens engaged in com-
merce and navigation will meet in port, or en-
counter on the high seas, will know and respect
us chiefly by knowing that we have national
ships afloat capable of protecting our trade, and
that will protect it and our sea-faring citizens,
against depredations or capture. It is this ex-
tended commeice which \vc now enjoy that con-
stitutes agreat source of national wealth in creatine
it for individuals. It is that which continually
adds to and gives employment to Ameriean cap-
ital, skill, labor, and enterprise, finds a market
for, and transports to it, our agricultural products,
and brings to us, in return, articles of use and
enjoyment fiom other climates and maikets. It
is the same navigating interest, along with our
roasting trade, that forms the great mirsnv for
Ameucan seamen, and it is this extended and
increasing commerce that has filled oui national
Treasury with revenue more than neces«aiy to
dischaige a war debt, and piovtdc foi the ir abon-
able expenditures of the Government, without
being felt by the people
Without a navy our commeice and vessels
would be continually exposed to piratical cruisers.
Those íobbers and murderers of the ocean regaid
neithet law nor light, they are outlaws on this
gieat highway, who will capture our vessels and
destioy life, whenevei they have the opportunity
to do it, with impunity. They are only íestrained
by their fears, and those fears are only excited
and operated on by the appearance of aimed na-
tional vessels in those seas which they infest.
We well know that piratical cruiseis, under the
authority of the Goveinments of the Barbaiy
Powers of the Mediterranean, were not restiained
in times past from depredations on our commerce
by treaties or remonstrance, even tiibute did not
secure from them promised piotection either to
our citizens or their property in that sea It was
not until our national shipt> were exhibited before
their ports, and their guns heard and felt as evi-
dence of our power and ability to protect our
trade and citizens, and of our disposition to do
it, that our rights have been respected. It is the
maintenance of a naval armament by commeicial
nations alone that even at this day suppresses
piracy.
The necessity of a naval power proportioned
to the resources and trade of a nation is attested
by the experience and practice of every foreign
Government of any rank in the scale of nations
The naval power of the following Governments
is reported for the year 1835, as follows:

c 2
w  ~
— 0}
53 5
CD
as
SP
531
S-5
es J
O

167
39
33
18
12
10
3
7
217
51
25
24
33
13
8
10
324
213
107
90
56
238
61
24
40
10
4
2
748
313
168
132
103
261
72
41
Holland...........
bweden and Norway.
Austria............
United States......
The number of British national ships, of all
sizes, in commission in January, 1835, was one
hundred and eighty-two. France has seldom
moie than forty of her national ships in commis-
sion, (48th vol. Niles's Register, p. 44,) though, as
I will hereafter show, she has a laige naval power
that might very soon be prepared foi seivice.
Whilst the United States are the second com-
mercial nation in the world, yet, as a naval
Powei, we rank only as the seventh If all other
nations, of great or even limited commercial char-
acter, though incumbered with a heavy national
debt, and cnppled in their resources and revenue
for the expenditures of their Government, have,
in the coutse of their experience, found it neces-
sary, for their interests and security, to maintain
such naval armaments, then, sir, we aie wanting
in duty to out national character, and to our
extended and growing commerce, in not adding
to the stiength and efficiency of our navy.
A navy is the safest, the cheapest, and most
efficient means of national defense in war, when-
ever it shall be our misfortune to be involved in
it. It is a calamity which hath happened to us,
and may again happen unto us, though we should
strive to avoid it. The wrongs to which this
nation is, and will be exposed fiom foreign
nations, are maritime wrongs, and they must be
prevented and repelled by mantime force. To
the United States this description of force is
essential—u is indispensable, inasmuch as our
enemies, if they attempt to assail us, or invade
our territories, must approach us by the ocean.
Without a navy of proportioned numbers and
strength, we lun the lisk of having our ships
captuied, oui commerce annihilated,oui harbors
blockaded, and our cities pillaged.
With a naval armament our enemy may be met
and discomfited on the ocean, befoie he reaches
our shores, the war maybe transfened to his
own territory; and his commerce and shipping
