1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
'24th Cong....1st Sess.
\v ill be subjected to our capture, or so much ex-
posed as to compel him to withdraw his natal
i'oue fi^m our coast for t!u n protection. A naval
foict i.in be usi d for the protection of our cities
or our whole marfime frontier; it can be shiftid
fiom place to pi ice, accoidini; to the exigencies
of the w ii. conci ntrated or divided as eueuni-
s'.anct s may i< quire. A naval armament has an
advantage ov< r pi tminent foitifieations in this:
th it mist >kt s are and may be made in the scl> c-
tion i'( Milt ibh sites foi fort fications, and in the
forms of tlu ir eoiistiuetion; this occasions not
only a p >sitt\e lo s to the nation, in the cost of
that consti action, but also atTouls to our enemy
an opportunity to annoy and divide our troops;
and if such fortifications are not defended by an
adequate fore  they are liable to captuie, and may
become a slu ki r for the protection of that enemy.
In the building and niiupnii nt of a ship of war,
undei the din elion of our Navy commissioner,
with the skill and experience of American build-
er , there is no mistake; she is a model of her
kind, and if not requueil for service at one place
she can perform her part of defense or attack
anywhere upon the waters that will float her.
Ano'.lnr advantage of an efficit nt naval power in
war over permanent coast or inland fortifications
is, that it will afford such protection to our com-
merce that, no'withs'anding war, we can carry
on our imports and > xports to an extent that will
not only find a maiket far our agucultural pro-
ducts to a considerable amount, but supply our
citizens with those foreign commodities which
enter into the consumption of a large portion of
our population, and which habit has made almost
the necessaries of family s ibsistence. The naval
power of England has afforded such protection
toher commeice, that in the lite war with Fiance,
her powerful and maritime i nemy, the prices of
imported articles are said to have been varied but
little in her maikets during that war; hercitizens
enjoyed the use of those ^roci rii-s and other com-
modity s that w i re foiugn to their soil and climate
at a cost little above what they were accustomed
to pay in seasons of pt ei e.
Whilst tlie eitizi ns aie thus enabled to pursue
their trade ahd commerce,even with some limits,
under thisprotecion, 111« Government thaws from
its customs on that commerce its most convenient
revenue, so essential for the ways and means of
prosecuting that war, and as a resource very de-
sirable.
What were the experience, losses, and suffer-
ings of this nation, in its last war with England,
in these particulais, for want of a naval arma-
ment ' No sooin r had the enemy blockaded our
harbors than both foreign and domestic com-
merce were reduced at once to the most deplor-
able condition, producing in its consequences the
failure and ruin of thousands of our most enter-
prising ñu r< hants, and many others w hose occu-
pations and business wire in dny way ooniu cted
with or depindiiit on commerce. The planter
and farmer were deprived of a maiket for their
agncu'tural products, which weie allow) d to
waste on their hands or be ~old at a puce le-
duced in consequence of the linrted demand, and
the great haz irel of any exportation. The supply
of foreign arti:les, which the habits of our citi-
zens had made a part of their family ncccssaues,
was cither cut off, or their prices so exoibitant
as to amount to a denial of their use to all but the
aiflüfnt.
The coasting trade—that nursery for American
seamen, and most important branch of our trade
and navigation—was destroyed. The northern
and southern States could not exchange their
agncukural and manufacturing products, except
through aland carriage, which enhanced the price
of evi rything more than twofold.
Our exports, which were in 1811, the year be-
fore the war,>Gl,316,833, were reduced in 1814 to
but $0,037,144, and our imports, which in 1811
were Só3,40ü,000, were reditu d also by the war
in 1-U4 to $12,960,000.    The revenue from cus- |
toms was, from this dinviushed trade, reduced
almost   to nothing.     Had our commerce  been ¡
protected by a naval armami nt, proportioned to j
our   resources,  trade,   and  extensive   maritime
frontier, and that would have raised the blockade
of some of our ports, our trade and commerce j
would have been óiq.ported to an extent that I
Tlie Naval Service—Mr. Chambers.
would not only have accommodated and enriched
our citizens, but afforded to the Government a
revenue (arising from the increase of trade) that
would have moie than suppoited the expense of i
the naval armament. The means of national de-
fense of this character provides for its own sup-
pott by protecting the commerce of the nation,
and advancing the revenue for the support of
Government. An efficient navy will be oar great
security and strong arm of national defense, not
only in war, when unavoid ible, but it will have
a powerful influence to prevent war. Our foreign
enemies know that we are to be assailed through
our nun mine fiontier, and byamautime force.
To maintain such a force on our coast will be,
to that enemy, hazardous and expensive in tlie
extreme, if this Government should be possessed
of a navy of any efficiency to assail it. To annoy
this nation, if we maintained an efficient navy,
would require an enemy to have on our coast a
navy double that of our Government. The cost
and equipment of such a navy, and the difficulties
in maintaining it on our extended coast, will deter
most nations from embarking readily in war with
us, or in doing us wrong. But, without an effi-
cient navy, our extended maritime fiontier, and
our extended commerce would invite the attacks,
dcpiedations,and war of nations who maybe our
rivals in trade, or who are jealous of our pros-
peuty, and the success and influence of our re-
publican institutions, and with whom the power
will be the right.
The peuod to which we can refer with the most
confidence for lessons from our own experience
in relation to this important national subject, is
the last war with England. So small was our
navy at that eventful period, that many a cautious
statesman questioned the propriety of exposing
it out of our own waters to be captured by our
powerful enemy. It is unnecessary for me to
detain the committee with any history of its many
gallant victories and efficient service; it is a part
of the history of the nation and of the times. It
fought itself into national favor,and broughtinto
our pnrts the captured ships of the enemy as the
trophies of its service and gallantry; and the glory
then acquired has never since been tarnished.
Our navy entered that war with a force, exclu-
sive of gunboats, that carried less than four hun-
hundred and fifty guns; and for the one hundí) d
and forty-one guns which were captured by the
enemy, it captured fiom the same enemy four
hundred and fifty-five guns; thus taking from the
enemy more than its onginal amount of guns,
and more than three guns for every one it lost.
For so limited a navy, here was evidence of effi-
cient service; and by such heroic achievements
its officeis and ciews gained for the American
navy imperishable honors.
Had we possessed duiing the last war a navy
adapted to our power, commerce, and exposed
fiontiir, we would have escaped much of the
evils and sacrifices of that war. With its protec-
tion, we should have enjoyed a considerable por-
tion of our trade—a source of employment and
profit to some classes of citizens, of accommoda-
tion anil comfort to others, and of general benefit
to our citizens; whilst the Government would
have derived a revenue from its customs that
would have more than sustained the whole cost
of that naval armament without inconvenience to
our citizens. If we had possessed such a navy,
our coasts would not have been íavaged, our har-
bors blockaded, our towns pillaged, and our citi-
zens harassed by calls to defend our shores and
cities, w ah sacrifices of health and life, and at an
immense cost to the nation.
If the navy of tins Government had then been
of sufficientforce, the Chesapeake bay would not
have remained during that war so long in the
possession of the enemy, or the Capitol of the
nation, and the ground on which we now stand,
have been defiled by the footsteps and conflagra-
tion of the enrmy, whose commanding officers,
for a season, disregarded the laws of civihzi d
warfare,-and, by acts characteristic of vandal and
savage warfare, applied the firebrand to the halls
of legislation and justice, and consigned to the
flames the library of the nation, as well as the
archives of its legislation.
I Those who we're in the administration of the
I Government during that war, and after it, testi-
Ho. of Reps.
fied their regard and high estimation of this branch
of the national armament; and so strong were the
convictions of the expediency of providing ad-
equately for it, that the attention of Government
was repeatedly directed to the improvement and
increase of the navy.
A committee of the Senate on naval affairs,
November 28, 1814, reported:
" That \ inn committee assume it as a policy now settled
that thi' Pmted States are to hive a peimanent naval
establishment, winch is to he gradually incieascd, accord-
ing to circumstances, and as the ability of the Government
in i\ permit. Your committee deem it unnecessary to go
into a couise ot reasoning to support tlie soundness ol this
pohev, and to establish, whit is now generall> conceded,
that a navy is the mo*t appropriate, the most efficient, and
the least expensive defense ot this country."
The committee of the House, in their report in
relation to a navy board, January, 1815, report:
"That the cxpenence of this war has already satisfied
the most scrupulous ol the ability of this country to create
and equip a naval force, competent not only to the defense
of our extensive inaiitnne fiontier, but also for the great
annoyance of a toreign enemy; and that such a force is
now equally demanded bv every section of our country as
indi-pensable* for its security. The committee have like-
wise deemed it unnecessary to go into an argument to show
the propriety of be-towing upon this branch of our national
force that measure ot increase and support which its bril-
liant exploits on the ocean and on the lakes, and Us effi-
ciency in anno) mg the trade ot the enemy during this war,
under all the abuses to which it lias been exposed, has
shown should onlv be limited to our means.' 
The Secretary of the Navy, February 28,1815,
in his letter to the Committee of Ways and
Means, in relation to the reduction of the Navy,
remarks:
" The destinies of this nation appear to be intimately con-
nected with her maritime powei and prosperity; and as the
ci eat ion of a navv i  not a work to be quickly performed, it
seems necessarv not onlv to cherish our existing resources
but to aiunnent them gradually and steadily.
"The annual construction of at least one seventy-four
and two trigates is recommended upon principles ot econ
omy as iv ell as ot policy "
The Secretary of the Navy, in his report of
December, 1815, states that—
"The importance of a permanent naval establishment
appears to be sanctioned by the voice ot the nation.
"The commerce of the United States, increasing with
the resources and population of the country, will require a
commensurate piotection, which a navy alone can afford;
and the experience derived from the active and vigorous
employment of a limited navy during the late war has
demonstrated its efficient utility."
President Madison, under whose administra-
tion that war had been declared and conducted,
in his annual message of December 5, 1815, thus
expresses himself in relation to the Navy:
i "The signal services which have been rendered by our
Navy, anil the capacities it has developed for successful
cooperation in the national defense, will give to that por-
tion ot the public force its full value in theeyesol'Congiess.
atan epoch which calls tor the constant vigilance of all
Governments, i'o presi ive the ships now in a-ound state,
to complete tho-n -'heady contemplated, to provide amply
the unpeiis|iib « «i ltm.ils for prompt augmentations, and
to improve the exi-ting arrangements into more advanta-
geous establishments, lor the eon-nnction, the repairs, and
the security ol vessels of vvai, is dictated by the soundest
policy /'
At this time, when such opinionsare expressed,
and the attention of Congress directed to the im-
provement and increase of our Navy, its force
was more proportioned to our national power and
commerce than at present. From the report of
the Secretary of the Navy of January 2, 1816, it
appears that the nava, force of the United States
consisted then of twenty-nine ships, twenty brigs,
tlnee ketches, seventeen schooners, three sloops,
and two steam frigates—makinga total of seventy-
four. Amongst these ships were five ships-of-the-
line. (two of which were on the lakes,) six frigates
of the first class, and five of the second class.
At present we have in commission one ship-
{ of-the-hne, three frigates of the first class, one
' of the second class, eight sloops-of-war, five
schooners, in ordinaiy, five ships-of theMine, five
frigates of the first class, seven sloops-of-war,
three schooners; and on the stocks, five ships-of-
the-hne, seven frigates of the first class, and one
of the second class.
The American Congress that was called to
legislate for the nation after the war, cnteitained
the same opinion as the othct branch of the Gov-
ernment in relation to the Navv, and, by an act
of 29th Apul, 131G, $1,000,000 per annum, for
ei"ht years, was appiopnattd for the gradual
increase of the Navy;  and  the President was
' authonzed to cause to be built nine ships-of the-
