526
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Surplus Revenue—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
tion, under competent State authority, to a solid
speue capital that was about to be withdrawn
fiom liei pmsdiction, and which her own neces-
sities, the wants of hei citizens, and the amount
and course of her trade required she should re-
ta, n, she is thieatened with all the vengeance of
the powers of tins mighty Federal Government,
and the persecutions of all dependent State gov-
ernments that can be brought to do its biddings.
Pennsyhaiua is now awake to her lights and in-
terests, she has taken her position, and will not
be duven fiom her purpose of selj-piotectwn by
menaces fiom Washington, or anywhere else. It
is not enough to satisfy Pennsylvania foi greater
sacufices of her interests and independence to
party subset viency, that she should be told " that
she had received fiom the Administration her
share of the high offices of this Government." I
do know that two of my talented frends were
invited fiom Pennsylvania, (but w hether selected,
as has been said, for the Democratic blood which
flowed in their \eins, I will not say,) and were
rewarded with the honors and emoluments of
missions to Russia. Two other of our eminent
citizens -were by the Executive respectively in-
vited to take charge of the national Treasury—a
high and responsible trust; and how, and under
■what circumstances, they were scornfully and
lgnomimousiy expelled fiom their high stations,
for exercising the liberty and right of private
judgment and conscious integiity, is too well
known to the nation to be readily forgotten.
It will not either be sufficient to reconcile us to
further sacrifices that " it is glory enough" for
Pennsylvania " to seive under such ruléis," and
to be called " the keystone of the great Federal
arch."    We wa     something more substantial
than such empty honors; we want that which ,
will add to our State tieasury, and enable us to |
carry out our system of internal improvements i
and general education.
There is yet one other object of interest, which
Pennsylvania has not lost sight of, the time for the
fruition of which has nowatnved,and which she
still expects to obtain as her right from the na-
tional Legislatui e, and that is, her fair and equal
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands.
This she considers as a trust that the Federal
Government holds, by a solemn compact, for the
common benefit of the United States, according
to their respective proportions in the general charge
and expenditure, and which, by the Virgina deed
of cession, was provided " should be faithfully
and bona fide disposed of for that purpose, and
for no other use or purpose whatsoevei." Penn-
sylvania will not consent that this fund, not now
wanted for the reasonable expenditures of the
Government, shall be either wasted or given
away; but she will pursue it with attention and
will watch it with an eye that will not close 
Already ia her arm outstretched to receive it, and
her claims will be pressed by her in a voice that
will not laker or be silenced.*
But, Mr. Chairman, Pennsylvania has no war
to wage on this bill, and I will not obstruct its
pi ogress, to stipulate foi favor or justice to my
State in some other unconnected branch of the
public expenditures for the national service. If
our interior situation does not expose us as much
as other States to the assaults of a public enemy,
I am content that the national defenses shall be
made where they will be most efficient and avail-
able, though,for that purpose the public moneys
should be expended not within our borders.
1 know that some of my friends on this floor
are honestly opposed to increased appropriations
for the Navy and public works of defense, as
extending further the already overgrown power
and patronage of the Executive Department of this
* The receipts of monev from the sales of the public lands
during the year ending the 3Kt of December last, are re-
ported by the Depaitment as amounting to the sum of
$14,3o9,193 71; which, if distributed amongst the States
according to their Fediral proportion, would give Pennsyl-
vania ol this sum inore than one million and a half ot dol-
lar-, with the prospect of ,i larger annual dividend in the
coining jeai The-,e monevs are now neither used nor
wanted bv the General Government, but are allowed to
reni.iiii i.i the po^e-^iou ot the ir di po-it banks, which, it
thir> lime, ha\e oí the Government money %30,678 879 91,
which may be u^ed for their own special advantage and
not lor the. people ot the State , to whom, ot right, it be-
long .
Government. That power and patronage I admit
to be immense and alaiming, and it is one of which
the repiesentatives of the people, and the people
themselves, cannot exercise too much vigilance,
oi indulge too much jealousy. That patronage
is not attended with any danger to the hbeities
of this nation, or its fiee institutions, in filling up
our naval armaments, putting in commission the
national vessels we have, and giving service to the
naval officers, many of whom are loiteimg about
out cities and sea-board, and arc desirous of ser-
vice. The expenditures for naval impiovements
and essential foitifications we cannot with pro-
pi íety, withhold from want of confidence in the
fidelty and economy of those who now administer
the Government. They are the constituted au-
thorities, and we must intrust to them the reason-
able and necessary expenditures under the Con-
stitution and laws, holding them responsible, as
far as is within the power of this House, to a
proper application and strict accountability.
Much may be done, and ought to be done, to
lessen the power, patronage, and expenditure of
this Government, especially so far as it is exer-
cised in rewarding party favorites, or in dividing
the public-treasuie "as spoils to the victors."
There is a wide field for this work of reform and
retrenchment in the civil and miscellaneous ex-
penditures of the Government.    There was a
time in the history of our Government when an
army often thousand men was a source of much
alarm to many of our intelligent and patriotic
statesmen, as adverse to our republican institu-
tions, in offering temptations as well as giving
strength to the Executive arm; and yet we are
slumbering ovei  our rights and  constitutional
government, with an army of more than fifty
I thousand office holders dependent upon Execu-
I Uve will and favor.    Here is a body of the most
dangerous kind, if organized and disciplined for
I the purposes of party; it is dispersed over the
whole country to  its extreme points, and per-
vades our cities, towns, villages, our highways
1 and byways; and if brought under the surveil-
lance of the Executive power, on whose will it
is dependent, as may be apprehended and de-
plored, it can exert an influence to maintain and
perpetuate the power of the party oi its leaders
moie formidable  to  constitutional government
than an army of soldiers.
The attention of Congiess ought to be directed,
in sincerity, to the reform and retrenchment of
all unnecessary offices, as well as to enforce
strict accountability on the public officers. In
this there is much work to accomplish, without
cutting off anything from the Navy. The ex-
penditures of the Navy in 1817 were §3,210,278 27,
and in 1834 the expenditures for the same weie
$4,123,42382, being anincrease of less than thirty
per cent, in seventeen years; whereas, the ex-
penditures for the civil list in 1817 amounted to
$991,894 11, and in 1834, for the same, were
$2,080,601 60, being an increase of more than one
hundred per cent.
I am willing to go with the honorable member
from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] in resisting all unne-
cessary appropriations, and reducing such as are
not demanded by the public service; and with the
honorable member from Kentucky [Mr Hardin]
I will act in the work of rehenchment and reform
to any reasonable extent; and, as I believe there
19 much to be done, with him, I will be content
not only to use the piuning-knife, but the saw
and the hatchet, to cutoff the many excrescences
and sprouts that have grown up m this Govern-
ment, at the expense of the public Treasury.
But, sir, I will not take a single spar from the
Navy; but, as far as in my power, add to its
force and numbers. The American Navy be-
longs to no party but the American party. The
foul hand of party proscription and intolerance
has notyet defiled and corrupted its high char-
acter. God forbid that it ever should! When-
ever it does, and the high places and commands
in the Navy are bestowed and received, not for
bravery, skill, and gallantry in naval combat or
perilous service, but for zeal and officiousness in
party election contests, or our naval officeis shall
so demean themselves as to pi opitutc and flatter
the leadei s ot a party by devotion and sycophancy,
tht high character of our Navy will have fled;
what will remain will not be worth our caie or
preservation, and we may prepare to hear the
knell of tht departed gloiy of the Aim lican Navy.
When such becomes oui national degradation
there will bt little left of the purity of our repub-
lican institutions for out regaid and support. I
hope and trust that such a state of things will be
aveited,and that a merciful Ptovielencc, who nas
so long preserved us as a nation, under our con-
stitutional Government, against foieign enem.es
and internal dissensions, will still overrule our
destinies and control the actions of our rulers
and people, that our Government and its institu-
tions may not only be maintained by us in their
original spirit, but transmitted entire and unim-
paired to our successors; and that they may be
enabled to cairy out in reality those salutary
íeforms which, " in these days and geneiation,"
have been often promised, but, as yet, not real-
ized.
SURPLUS REVENUE
SPEECH OF HON. D. WEBSTER,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the Senate, May 31, 1836,
On introducing his proposition for the distnr-ution of t'm
Surplus Revenue.
Mr. WEBSTER said:
Mr. President: I have no desire to make my-
self responsible, in any special manner, for what
may either be done or omitted on this subject.
It is surrounded with difficulties, some of them,
as I think, unnecessarily created; and as these
have been produced by measures in which I did
not concur, it naturally belongs to others, who
did concur in those measures, and who now pos-
sess the power, to apply the remedy according to
theirjudgments and on their own responsibility.
But I incline, nevertheless, to express my opin-
ions on a subject of such very high interest, and
to let them have what weight they are entitled to,
if it may be supposed that they are entitled to any
weight at all.
On one point, I presume, we are all agreed, and
that is, that the subject is of great importance.
It affects the finances of the country, the security
of the public money, and the state of the cur-
rency; and it affects also the practical and artual
distribution of power among the several branches
of the Government.
The bill comprises provisions for two objects:
First, regulations for the custody of the public
money between the time of its collection and the
time of its disbursement; and, as naturally con-
nected with this, it contemplates, or mnst at least
very materially affect, the currency of the coun-
try, the exchanges, and the usual operations of
credit in the commercial world.
The second direct object of the bill is, a reduc-
tion, positive or contingent, of the amount of
money in the Treasury.
It seems probable, sir, the bill, so far as it
respects the first of these objects, may be so mod-
ified as to receive the approbation of a majority
of the Senate. A committee, acting in a spirit
of conciliation and with an honest desire to avoid
the points of former difference, might, I think,
agiee on the regulations to be prescribed to the
deposit banks. The sentiments which have been
advanced in the course of the discussion do not
appear to be irreconcilable. In the present state
of things, I see no way but to employ State banks
as depositories of the public money, and I have a
sincere desire to subject them to such regulations,
and such only, as shall make them in the highest
practicable degree safe to the Government, and
useful to the country. To this end, I am of
opinion that the first step is to increase their num-
bers. At present their number, especially in the
large cities, is too small. They have too large
sums in deposit in proportion to their capital and
their legal limits of discount. By this means the
public money is locked up. It is hoarded. It is
withdrawn, to a considerable extent, from the
general mass of commercial means, and is suf-
fered to accumulate, with no possible benefit to
the Government, ahd with gieat inconvenience
and injury to the general business of the country.
On this point theie seems hule diversity of opin-
ion.   All appear to agree that the number of
