1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Surplus lievetiue—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
deposit banks should bo so far increased, that I
each m.iy regard that portion of the public treas-
ure which it may receive, as an increase of its
effective deposits, to bo used, like other moneys
in deposit, as a basis of discount, to a just and
proiur extent. I regard this modification of the
pros, nt system as indit-pensable.
1 tli.ok, too, that for the use of these deposits
the bank should p.iy a moderate interest. They
can well afford it. The best banks in the States
will be ready, I do not doubt, to receive the de-
posits on that condition among others. What
the late of interest sliould bo depends very much
on what we may do with the surplus revenue.
If we lea\e that surplus undistributed, the banks
ought to pay a large interest. If we provide for
di>iribu;ing the surplus, thus leaving but a small
amount in the banks, and making it their duty,
at the same time, to transfer the public funds from
place to place, when requested, without charge,
the rate of interest should of course be less. I
agree, too, to what has been suggested respecting
the authority to change those banks. They ought
not to be changed, but for plain and specific cause,
set down and provided for in the law itself. Any
restriction less than this will place a discretion in
the hands of the Executive, which will be very
capable of being abused. Nor should the Secre-
tary be at liberty to order funds from one bank
to another, for any other reason than the exigen-
cies of the public service. He should not be at
liberty to use the public treasures for the purpose
of upholding the credit, or increasing the means,
of anv State institution.
The bill proposes that all the deposit banks
shall be bound to keep, at all times, an amount
of specie in their vaults bearing a certain propor-
tion to their debts and liabilities.    I approve of
this, not so much from any belief that the solid-
ity of the banks can be secured by any such
provisions, as because a regulation of this kind
mav tend, in some measure, to retain a certain
quantity of specie in the country, and by that
means to secure, in some small degree, the gen-
eral circulation against violent shocks.    But I do
not attach great importance to this.  In my opin-
ion, Mr. President, if the bill pass with these
modifications, a considerable benefit will be con-
ferred on the community.  Confidence will be, in
some measure at least,'restored; the banks will
possess the power of useful action, and the dis-
tressing uncertainty which now hangs over every-
thing being dispelled, the commercial community
will find its way out of its present embarrass-
ment.
Still, sir, I am bound to say that the present
system, in my opinion, can never be perfect.   It
can never be the best system.    It can never be a
safe regulator of the currency of the country, nor
furnish solid security against derangement.    It
can never give to die mercantile world the cheap-
eat, safest, and best means of facilitating domestic
exchanges.    The State banks were not made for
these general  purposes;, they are not fitted for
them; "they have not the unity and comprehen-
siveness of plan and  of operation, which the
successful accomplishment of such purposes re-
quires.    They are subject to various limitations
by their charters, and it may even be doubtful,
in some cases, whether they can  legally bind
themselves in such stipulations and contracts as
we propose to submit to them. They were estab-
lished for local, not for genera! objects.   They
did not expect to receive Government deposits;
and it might possibly be thought important to
their stockholders and customers to be informed
whether, in  case of failure or insolvency, the
priority of the United States would prevail, as in
other cases, to the postponement of all  other
debts and claims.  It is certainly my opinion, sir,
that we are running great hazards with the cur-
rency of the country.    I see no well-assured re-
liance for its safety in this system of deposit
banks, regulated as well as they may be.   never-
theless, regulation is necessary, nay, it is lndlf;
pensable; and some present benefit at least would
arise, I  am persuaded, from the passage of a
proper law.                                                        , .
I come now, sir, to the other important object
of this bill, the reduction of the amount of money m
the Treasury.                                                      .
And here the first question is whether there
will be any surplus revenue ' Will there be any
thing to divide at the end of this year? On this
point opinions are not agreed, but I think there
will be a surplus, and a large surplus. I do not
see any probability either of such a falling off
of income on the one hand, or such an increase
of expenditure on the other, as shall leave the.
Treasury exhausted at the end of this year. I
speak of this year only, because the measure
which I shall propose will be limited to the end
of this year. My plan is to provide for the sur-
plus which may be on hand at the end of this
year, and to stop there. As to the probable state
of the Treasury at the time, I agree it is matter
of opinion and estimate; but we know what sum
is on hand now, and we are drawing the session
to a close, when appropriations will cease, and
the year itself is already half expired. It would
seem, then, that we ought to be able to judge of
the state of the Treasury six months hence,
without risk of great and wide mistake. I pro-
ceed on the following general estimate and calcu-
lation:
January 1, 1836. Amount of money in the Treas-
ury............................$25,000,000
Deducted unexpended balances of ap-
propriation......................   8,000,000
17,000,000
Revenue of the first quarter of 1836.. 11,000,000
Estimate for the three last quarters of
1836............................25,000,000
Stock in late Bank of the United States,
including premium...............   8,000,000
61,000,000
Appropriations  in  1836,  estimated
at................. ..$35,000,000
Deduct what will remain
as unexpended balance
at the end of the year.. 14,000,000
---------------   21,000,000
840,000,000
This estimate, sir, does not rest solely on my
own judgment. I find others acquainted with the
subject, and competent to judge, coming to con-
clusions riot far different from my own. It is true
this rests in opinion; it cannot be mathematically
proved that we shall have a surplus in the Treas-
ury at the end of the year; but the practical ques-
tion is, whether that result is not so highly prob- ;
able that it is our duty to make some provision :
, for it, and to make that provision now. I propose
only to divide the surplus. If it shall happen,
after all, that there shall be no surplus, then the
measure will have done no harm; but if the sur- |
plus shall not be forty millions, but only thirty-
five, thirty, twenty-five, or even twenty, still, if
it be now probable that it will reach even the
lowest of these sums, is it not our duty to provide
for it ? This is a contingent measure, not a pos-
itive one. It is intended to apply to a case in my
judgment very likely to arise; indeed, I may say
a case which in all probability will arise-, but if it
should not, then the proposed measure will have
no operation.
I have already observed that, in my opinion,
: the measure should be limited to one single divis-
1 ion—one distribution of the surplus money in the
Treasury. In that respect my proposition differs
from the bill of the honorable member from Caro-
lina, and it differs, too, from the amendment pro-
posed by the member from New York.   I think
it safest to treat the present state of things as
¡   extraordinary, as being the result of accidental
causes, or causes the recurrence of which, here-
after, we cannot calculate upon with certainty.
There would be insuperable objections, in my
opinion, to a settled practice of distributing rev-
enue among the States. It would be a strange
operation of things, and its effects on our system
of government might well be feared. I cannot
reconcile myself to the spectacle of the States
receiving their revenues, their means even of sup-
porting theirown governments, from theTreasury
of the United States. If, indeed, the land bill
could pass, and we could act on the policy, which
I think the true policy, of regarding the public
lands as a fund belonging to the people of all the
States, I should cheerfully concur in that policy,
and be willing to make an annual distribution of
the proceeds of the lands, for some years, at least.
But if we cannot separate the proceeds of tho
lands from other revenue, if all must go into the
Treasury together, and there remain together,
then I have no hesitation in declaring now that
the income from customs must be reduced. They
must be reduced, even at the hazard of injury to
some branches of manufacturing ind ustry; because
this, in my opinion, would be a less evil than
that extraordinary and dangerous state of things
in which the United States should be found laying
and collecting taxes for the purpose of distrib-
uting them, when collected, among the States of
the Union.
I do not think it difficult to account for the
present overflowing condition of the Treasury.
The Treasury enjoys two sources of income—the
custom-house and the public lands. The income
from the customs has been large, because the
commerce of the country has been greatly ex-
tended, and its prosperity has been remarkable.
The exports of the country have continued to
increase. While the cotton crop has continued
to increase from year to year, the price of cotton
has still kept up. Notwithstanding all the appre-
hensions entertained by prudent and sagacious
men to the contrary, the world has not become
overstocked with this article. The increase of
consumption seems to keep pace with the increase
of supply. The consequence is, a vast and in-
creasing export by us, and an import correspond-
ing with this export, and with the amount of
earnings in the carrying trade; since the general
rule undoubtedly is, taking a nnmber of years
together, that the amount of imports, and the
earnings of freights, are about equal to the amount
of exports. The cotton fields of the South most
unquestionably form a great part of the basis of
our commerce, and the earnings of our navigation
another.
The honorable member from South Carolina
has referred to the tariff act of 1828 as the true
cause of the swollen state of the Treasury. I
I agree that there were many things in the act of
1828 unnecessarily put there. But we know they
I were not put there by the friends of the act. That
¡ act is a remarkable instance (I hope never to be
i repeated) of unnatural, violent, angry legislation.
Those who introduced it designed, originally,
nothing more than to meet the new condition of
things which had been brought about by the
altered policy of Great Britain in relation to
taxes on wool. A bill with the same end in
view had passed the House of Representatives in
1827, but was lost in the Senate. The act of 1828,
however, objectionable though it certainly was
in many respects, has not been, in my opinion,
the chief cause of the over-product of the cus-
toms. I think the act of 1832, confirmed by the
act of 1833, commonly called the compromise
act, has had much more,to do in producing that
result. Up to the time of the passing of the act
of 1832, the minimum principle had been preserved
in laying duties on certain manufactures, espe-
cially woolen cloths. This ill-understood and
much-reviled principle appears to me neverthe-
less, and always has appeared to me, to be ajust,
proper, effectual, and strictly philosophical mode
of laying protecting duties. It is exactly con-
formable, as I think, with the soundest and most
accurate principles of political economy. It is,
in the most rigid sense, what all such enactments,
so far as practicable, should be; that is to say, a
mode of laying specific duty. It lays the imposts
exactly where it will do good,and leaves the rest
free It is an intelligent, discerning, discrimina-
ing principle; nota blind, headlong, generalizing,
uncalculating operation. Simplicity, undoubt-
edly, is a great beauty in acts of legislation, as
well as in the works of art-, but in both it must
be a simplicity the result of congruity of parts
and adaptation to the end designed, not a rude
generalization, which either leaves the particular
object unaccomplished, or in accomplishing it
accomplishes a dozen others also, which were
not desired. It is a simplicity which is wrought
out by knowledge and skill, not the rough pro-
duct of an undistinguishing, sweeping, general
principle.
