528
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Surplus Revenue—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
Let us suppose that the gradations is woolen
cloths be represented by a line. At one end of
this line are those of the highest price, and let the
scale descend to the other end, where, of course,
will be those of the lowest price. Now, with the
two ends of the line our manufacturers have not
much to do; that is to say, they have not much
to do with the production of the very highest or
the very lowest of these articles. Generally
speaking, they work in the intermediate space.
It was along this space, along this part of the line
of work, that the minimum principle, as it has
been usually called, operated. It struck just where
the great object of protection required it to strike,
and it struck nowhere else. All the rest it left
free. It wasted no power. It accomplished its
object by the least possible expenditure of means.
Its aim was leveled at a distinct and well dis-
cerned object, and its aim was exact, and the
object was reached.
But the minimum had become the subject of
obloquy and reproach.   It was railed at, even, in ,
good set terms, by some who professed to be, and
who doubtless were, friends of the protecting
policy.   It was declared to be deception.   It was l
said that it cheated the people, inasmuch as under ,
its operation they did not see what amount of
taxes they really paid.   For one, I did not admit
the fact, nor yield to the argument.    I had no
doubt the people knew what taxes they paid under
the operation of the laws, as well as we who
passed the laws; and whether they stopped to
make precise calculations or not, if they found
the tax neither oppressive nor heavy, and the
effect of the law decidedly salutary, I did not be-
lieve they would complain of it, unless it was
made a part of some other controversy.   The ,
minimum principle, however, in its application to
broadcloths, was overthrown by the law of 1832, '
and that law, as it came from the House of Rep- '
resentatives, and as it finally passed, substituted
a general and universal ad valorem duty of fifty
per cent.    An effort was made in the Senate to
resist this general ad valorem system, and to hold
on to the specific duty; but it did not prevail.
The Senate was nearly evenly divided.    The
casting or turning vote was held by a gentleman,
a friend for whom I always entertain a very high
regard, a memberfrom Maryland, not now in the
Senate.    After the discussion, he admitted him-
self almost satisfied that the law, in this particular,
ought not to be altered; but his impression against
the minimum, nevertheless, finally prevailed, and
he voted for the new mode, that is to say, the gen-
eral ad valorem mode of laying the duty; and, to
render this effectual, he himself proposed to carry
that duty as high as sixty per cent.    The Senate
fixed it, indeed, at fifty-seven per cent., but the
House non-concurred, and the law finally passed,
as all know, establishing an ad valorem duty of
fifty per cent, on woolen cloths, &c.
Now, Mr. President, when we recollect that
the duties on woolen Fabrics of all kinds bring
into the Treasury four, or five, or six millions a
year,'every man acquainted with our manufac-
tures must'see at once that a portion of this vast
sum is perfectly useless as a protecting duty; be-
cause it is imposed on fabrics with which our
own manufacturers maintain no competition, and
in regard to which, therefore, they ask no protec-
tion. I have instituted sundry inquiries for the
purpose of learning, and of showing, what is the
amount of duties collected annually on woolens,
which have no distinct bearing, as protecting du-
ties, on any of the products of our manufactures.
At present I will only say, and will say that with
great confidence, that of the surplus money now
in the Treasury several millions are the proceeds
of ad valorem duties, which have conferred no
perceptible benefit whatever on our manufactur-
ing establishments. It is, therefore, sir, that I
regard the law of 1832, and not the law of 1828,
as the great error in our legislation. This law of
1832 was confirmed by the act of 1833, and is, of
course, in actual operation at the present moment,
except so far as it has become affected by the
gradual reduction provided for by the last men-
tioned act. I wish not to discuss the act of 1833.
I do not propose at present to disturb its opera-
tion; but having alluded to it, I take the occasion
Of saying that 1 have not the least idea that that
act can remain as the settled system of this coun-
try. When the honorable member from Ken-
tucky introduced it, he called it a measure of
conciliation, and expressed the hope that if the
manufacturing interests should be found to suffer
under it, it might be modified by general consent.
Although never concurring in the act, I entertain
the same hope. I pray most fervently that
former strifes and controversies on the tariff ques-
tion may never be revived; but at the same time
it is my opinion that the principles established
by the law of 1833 can never form the commer-
cial system of this country.
But, Mr. President, the most striking increase
in the public revenue is in that branch of it which
is derived from the sales of the public lands. How
happens it that the proceeds from this quarter
have sprung up thus suddenly to such a height?
The Secretary's estimate of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands for this year was only
four milions.   The actual sales are likely to be
twenty.     What has occasioned this great and
unexpected augmentation ? Sir, we are to remem-
ber that the growth and prosperity of the country
generally are remarkable, and that, as these in-
crease, the western tide, both of people and prop-
erty, increases also.   Thereflow of this property
is into the Treasury through the land offices.
The well-sustained demand for cotton has, of
course, augmented the demand for cotton lands,
and we all know that good lands, for the produc-
tion of that crop, are sought for with great eager-
ness.   We are to include, too, the great expan-
sion of the paper circulation among the causes
tending to produce heavy purchases; and the
amount of foreign capital that has found its way
through one channel or another into the country,
and is giving an additional stimulus and additional
facility to enterprises, both public and private.
Many of the States have contracted large debts
for purposes of improvement, and these stocks
have gone abroad.   I suppose there may be fifty
millions of State securities covered in Europe.
Foreign capital, also, has been introduced, to a
great extent of late, as the basis of commercial
enterprise—a thing ordinarily to be expected when
we look to the low rates of interest abroad, and
the great demand for money at home.   It would
be hazardous to estimate proportions and amounts
on such a subject; but it is certain that a large
amount of property now afloat, in ships and goods
owned by Americans, and sailing and transported
on American account, is put into commercial
operation by means of foreign capital actually
advanced, or acting through the agency of credit.
This introduction of foregn capital, in all the va-
rious forms, has doubtless had some effect in
extending our paper circulation, and in raising
prices; and certainly it has had a direct effect
upon the ability of making investments in the
public lands.
And, sir, closely connected with these causes,
is another, which I should consider, after all, the
main cause; that is, the low price of land com-
pared with other descriptions of property. In
everything else prices have run up; but here price
is chained down-by the statute. Goods, products
of all kinds, and indeed all other lands, may rise
and many of them have risen, some twenty-five
and some forty or fifty per cent.; but Government
lands remain at a dollar and twenty-five cents an
acre; and vast portions of this land are equal, in
natural fertility, to any part of the globe. There
is nothing on either continent to surpass their
quality. The Government land, therefore, at the
present prices, and at the present moment, is the
cheapest safe object of investment. The sagacity
of capital has found this out, and it grasps the
opportunity. Purchase,it is true, has gone ahead
of emigration; but emigration follows it, in near
pursuit, and spreads its thousands and its tens of
thousands close on the heels of the surveyor and
the land hunter. When I traversed a part of the
western States, three years ago, I could not but
ask myself, in the midst of the vast forests around
me, -where are the people to come from who are
to begin cultivation here, and to chequer this
wilderness with fields of wheat? But, when re-
turning on the Cumberland road, or while pass-
ing along other great channels of communication,
I encountered the masses of population moving
westward, I was tempted to ask myself, on the
other hand, a far different question, and that was,
where in the world will all these people find room
to settle ?
Nor are we to overlook, in this survey of the
causes of the vast increase in the sale of lands,
the effects, almost magical, of that great agent
of beneficence, prosperity, wealth and power—
internal improvement. This has brought the
West to the Atlantic, and carried the Atlantic to
the West. Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan,
and Wisconsin, are no longer places remote from
us. Railroads and canals nave brought the
settlers of these regions so near to us that we
almost fancy that we can see the smoke of their
cabins and hear the strokes of their axes. From
Maine to the upper Mississippi is already a
beaten track, with one's acquaintances every-
where along the road, and that road even not a
long one, if we measure it by the time required
to pass over it.
Mr. President, if I am asked how long these
causes, or any of them, will continue to act with
this effective energy, I readily answer that I
cannot foresee. Nor can I foresee other events
which may affect our revenue in years to come.
And it is for this reason precisely that what I
propose is limited to a single year. All the un-
certainties and contingencies which naturally
belong to human affairs, hang over us. I know
not what expenditures may be called for next
year. I know not what may be necessary to
satisfy the all-absorbing capacity of Indian wars
and Indian treaties. I know not what events, at
home or abroad, may shake our commercial se-
curity. I know not what frosts and blights may
do against the cotton crops. I know not what
may happen to our currency. I cannot tell what
demands for tne use of capital in other objects
may slacken the purchase of public lands; for I
am persuaded that, hereafter, our income from
that source is likely to be much more fluctuating
than heretofore, as depending less on the actual
amount of emigration, and more on the occa-
sional plenty or scarcity of money. Emigration
must hereafter supply its wants much more than
formerly out of lands already separated from the
public domain.
Under these circumstances, it appears to me
to be prudent to limit the proposed division to a
single operation. Let us lighten the Treasury
for once; and then let us pause, and contemplate
our condition. As to what may then be expe-
dient, events will enlighten us. We shall be able
to judge more wisely, by the result of our exper-
iments, and the future will be more visible as it
approaches nearer.
It will be observed, sir, that I give full time to
the deposit banks to prepare themselves to pay
over these funds. Time for this purpose is in-
dispensable. We might do rather harm than
good if we were to require any sudden operation
of that kind. Give the banks time; let them know
what they have to do; let the community see into
what channels the surplus funds are to flow, and
when they are to begin to flow; and men of busi-
ness will then be able to see what is before them.
I have the fullest confidence that if we now
adopt this measure it will immediately relieve the
country. It will remove that severe and almost
unparalleled pressure for money, which is now
distressing and breaking down the industry, the
enterprise, and even the courage of the commer-
cial community. I assure you, sir, this present
pressure is not known, or felt, or believed here,
in anything like its true extent. If we give no
relief, I know not what may happen, even in this
day of high prosperity. I beseech those who
have the power, not to let the opportunity pass,
but to improve it, and thereby to revive the Hopes
and reassure the confidence of the country.
Having expressed these sentiments, and brought
forward this specific proposition for one division
among the States of the surplus funds, I should
now move to commit the whole subject, either to
a select committee or the Committee on Finance,
were it not that, looking to the present composi-
tion of the Senate, I am not desirous of taking a
lead in this measure. The responsibility natu-
rally restswith those who have the power of ma-
jorities, and who may expect the concurrence of
other branches. Meantime I cheerfully give my-
self to any labor which the occasion requires, and
I express my own deep and earnest conviction
