530
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Independence of Texas—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
not the effect of want of feeling, but the effect of
strong feeling and  some  judgment  combined,
which has not permitted me to give utterance to
the o-eneral expression of my sentiments.    Once
only have I spoken, and that at the most critical
moment of the contest, and when the reported
advance of the Mexicans upon Nacogdoches, and
the actual movement of General Gaines and our
own troops in that direction, gave reason to ap-
prehend the encounter of flags, or the collision
of arms, which might compromise individuals or
endanger the peace of nations.    It was then that
I used those words, not entirely enigmatical, and
which have since been repeated by some without
the prefix of their important qualification, namely,
that while neutrality was the obvious line of our
duty and of our interest, yet there might be emer-
gencies in which the obligations of duty could
have no force, and the calculations of interest could
have no place; when, in fact, a man should have
no head to think! nothing but a heart to feel! and
an arm to strike!—and I illustrated this sentiment
—it was after the affair of Goliad, and the imputed
order to unpeople the country—with the suppos-
ititious case of prisoners assassinated, women
violated, and children slaughtered, and these hor-
rors to be perpetrated in the presence or hearing
of an American army.   In such a case I declared
it to be my sentiment—and I now repeat it, for I
feel it to be in me—in such a case I declared it to
be my sentiment that treaties were nothing, books
were nothing, laws were nothing! that the para-
mount law of God and nature was everything!
and that the American soldier, hearing the cries
of helplessness and weakness, and remembering
only that he was a man, and born of woman, and
the father of children, should fly to the rescue,
and strike to prevent the perpetration of crimes
which shock humanity and dishonor the age.    I
uttered this sentiment not upon impulsion, but
with consideration; not for theatrical effect, but
as a rule for action; not as vague declamation, but
with an eye to possible or probable events, and
with a view to the public justification of General
Gaines and his men, if, under circumstances ap-
palling to humanity, they should nobly resolve
to obey the  impulsions of the heart instead of
coldly consulting the musty leaves of books and
treaties.
Beyond this I did not go, and, except in this in-
stance, I did not speak. Duty and interest pre-
scribed to the United States a rigorous neutrality,
and this condition she has faithfully fulfilled. Out-
young men have gone to Texas to fight; but they
have gone without the sanction of the laws and
against the orders of the Government. They have
gone upon that impulsion which, in all ages, has
carried the heroic youth of all countries to seek re-
nown in the perils and glories of distant war. Our
foreign enlistment law is not repealed. Unlike
England in the civil war now raging in Spain, we
have not licensed interference by repealing our
penalties; we have not stimulated action by with-
drawing obstacles. No member of our Congress,
like General Evans in the British Parliament, has
left his seat to levy troops in the streets of the me-
tropolis, and to lead them to battle and to victory
in the land torn by civil discord. Our statute
against armaments to invade friendly Powers is in
full force. Proclamations have attested our neu-
tral dispositions. Prosecutions have been ordered
against violators of law. A naval force in the gulf,
and aland force on the Sabine, have been directed
to enforce the policy of the Government; and so
far as acts have gone, the advantage has been
on the side of Mexico; for the Texan armed
schooner, the Invincible, has been brought into
an American port by an American ship-of-war.
If parties and individuals still go to Texas to fight,
the act is particular, not national, compromising
none but the parties themselves, and may take
place on one side as well as on the other. The
conduct of the Administration has been strictly
neutral; and, as a friend to that Administration,
and from my own convictions, I have conformed
to its policy, avoiding the language which would
irritate, and opposing the acts that might interrupt
pacific and cornmercjal communications. Mexico
is our nearest neighborf dividing with us the
continent of North America, and possessing the
elements of a great Power. Our boundaries are
coterminus for more than two thousand miles.
I We have inland and maritime commerce.    She
! has mines; we have ships.    General considera-
tions impose upon each Power the duties of re-
ciprocal friendship; especial inducements invite
us to uninterrupted commercial intercourse.
As a western Senator, coming from the banks
of the Mississippi arid from the State of Mis-
souri, I cannot be blind to the consequences of
interrupting that double line of inland and mari-
time commerce which, stretching to the mines of
Mexico, brings back the perennial supply of solid
money which enriches the interior, and enables
New Orleans to purchase the vast accumulation
of agricultural produce of which she is the em-
porium.    Wonderful are the workings of com-
merce, and more apt to find out its own proper
channels by its own operations than to be guided
into them by the hand of legislation.    New Or-
leans now is what the Havana once was—the
entrepot of the Mexican trade, and the recipient
of its mineral wealth.    The superficial reader of
commercial statistics would say that Mexico but
slightly encourages our domestic industry; that
she takes nothing from our agriculture, and but
little from our manufactures.   On the contrary,
the close observer would see a very different pic-
ture.   He would see the products of our soil
passing to all the countries of Europe, exchang-
ing into fine fabrics, and these returning in the
ships of many nations, our own predominant, to
the city of New Orleans; and thence going off in
small Mexican vessels to Matamoras, Tarnpico,
Vera Cruz, and other Mexican ports.   The re-
turn from these ports is in the precious metals,
and, to  confine myself to a single year as a
sample of the whole, it may be stated that of the
ten millions and three quarters of silver coin and
bullion received in the United States, according
to the custom-house returns during the last year,
eight millions and one quarter of it came from
Mexico alone, and the mass of it through the port
of New Orleans.   This amount of treasure is not
received for nothing, nor, as it would seem on
the commercial tables, for foreign fabrics uncon-
nected with American industry; but, in reality,
for domestic nroductions changed into foreign
fabrics, and giving double employment to the
navigation of the  country.    New Orleans has
taken the place of the Havana; it has become
the entrepot of this trade; and many circum-
stances, not directed by law or even known to
law-givers, have combined to produce the result.
First, the application of steam power to the pro-
Culsion of vessels, which, in the form of tow-
oats, has given to a river city a prompt and
facile communication with the sea; then the ad-
vantage of full and assorted cargoes, which brings
the importing vessel to a point where she delivers
freight for two different empires; then the marked
advantage of a return cargo, with cheap and
abundant supplies, which are always found in
the grant emporium of the Great West; then the
discriminating duties in Mexican ports in favor
of Mexican vessels, which makes it advantageous
to the importer to stop and tranship at New Or-
leans; finally,our enterprise, our police, and our
free institutions; our perfect security, under just
laws, for life, liberty, person, and property.
These circumstances, undirected by Govern-
ment, and without the knowledge of Government,
have given to New Orleans the supreme advant-
age of being the entrepot of the Mexican trade;
and has presented the unparalleled spectacle of
the noblest valley in the world, and the richest
mines in the world, sending their respective pro-
ducts to meet each other at the mouth of the
noblest river in the world, and there to create, in
lapse of time, the most wonderful city which any
age or country has ever beheld. A look upon
the map of the great West, and a tolerable capa-
city to calculate the aggregate of geographical
advantages, must impress the beholder with a
vast opinion of the future greatness of New Or-
leans; but he will only look upon one half of the
picture unless he contemplates this new branch
of trade which is making the emporium of the
Mississippi the entrepot of Mexican commerce
and the recipient of the Mexican mines, and
which, though now so great, is still in its infancy.
Let not Government mar a consummation so
auspicious in its aspect, and teeming with so
many rich and precious results.  Let no unneces-
sary collision with Mexico interrupt our com-
merce, turn back the streams of three hundred
mines to the Havana, and give a wound to a no-
ble city which must be felt to the head-sprin 
and source of every stream that pours its tribute
into the King of Floods.
Thus far Mexico has no cause of complaint.
The conduct of our Government has been that of
rigorous neutrality. The present motion does
not depart from that line of conduct; for the pro-
posed recognition is not only contingent upon the
defacto independence of Texas, but it follows in
the train, and conforms to the spirit of the actual
arrangements of the President General Santa
Anna for the complete separation of the two
countries. We have authentic information that
the President General has agreed toan armistice;
that he has directed the evacuation of the coun-
try; that the Mexican army is in full retreat; that
the Rio Grande, a limit far beyond the discovery
and settlement of La Salle in 1684, is the provis-
ional boundary; and that negotiations are im-
Eending for the establishment of peace on the
asis of separation. Mexico has had the advant-
age of these arrangements, though made by a
captive chief, in the unmolested retreat and hap-
py extrication of her troops from their perilous
position. Under these circumstances, it can be
no infringment of neutrality for the Senate of the
United States to adopt a resolution for the con-
tingent and qualified acknowledgment of Texan
independence. Even after the adoption of the
resolution, it will remain inoperative upon the
hands of the President until he shall have the
satisfactory information which shall enable him
to act without detriment to any interest, and
without infraction of any law.
Even without the armistice and provisional
treaty with Santa Anna, I look upon the separa-
tion of the two countries as being'in the fixed
order of events and absolutely certain to take
place. Texas and Mexico are not formed for
union. They are not homogeneous. I speak of
Texas as known to La Salle, the bay of St. Ber-
nard, (Matagorda,) and the waters which belong
to it, being the western boundary.* They do
not belong to the same divisions of country, nor
to the same systems of commerce, nor to the
same pursuits of business. They have no affin-
ities, no attractions, no tendencies to coalesce.
In the course of centuries, and while Mexico has
extended her settlementsinfinitely further in other
directions—to the head of the Rio Grande in the
north, and to the mouth of the San Francisco, in
the northwest—yet no settlement had been ex-
tended east, along the neighboring coast of the
Gulf of Mexico. The rich and deep cotton and
sugar lands of Texas, though at the very door of
* " Louis XIV., who had the ambition, if not the genius,
of a great king, ordered the Minister of Marine, the Mar-
j quis de Seigneley, son of the illustrious Colbert, to prepare
an expedition at La Kocbclle, destined to carry a French
colony to Louisiana, under La Salle." * * * *
j "The fleet left France the 4th of July, 1684, and directed
its course towards Hispan íola."        *        *        *        *
i " November, the 25th, it left the port of Petit Goave, and
| the 27th of December found itself in the twenty-eighth de-
gree of north latitude, in thirty fathoms water. Directing
their course west-northwest, La Salle and Beaujeu per-
ceived land on the 29th, and found themselves in six fath-
; oms water. Continuing along the coast towards the west-
, northwest, he sought in vain, during several days, the
mouth of the Mississippi." * * * * "Then
La Salle took the resolution to disembark one hundred
miin, and gave them orders to inarch along the coast until
they should arrive at the Mississippi. He confided the com-
mand of this httle troop to Joutel, who arrived on the 8th
January, 1685, on the banks of a wide river, where he halted
for the fleet, which quickly appeared. The Joli and the
Belle passed easily over the bar, but the Amiable got
aground." * * * * "In the course of his
explorations La Salle discovered the bay of St. Bernard,
where lie built a fort, which he named Fort St. Louis, and
left a garrison of one hundred men under Morangies.
Several rivers discharge themselves into the bay of St. Ber-
nard, where a colony was established." * * * *
"The 15th of April, La Salle discovered a river, on which
he saw an immense herd of horn cattle, (buffaloes.) which
he named La Riviere des Vaches, (Cow river.) It is be-
lieved to be the same which the Spaniards afterwards
called Rio Colorado de Texas."        *        *        *        *
" Commodious houses were built at the bay St. Bernard,
the ground cultivated with care, and the colonists and In-
dians lived in friendship together." * * *
" Towards the end of the year 1687 La Salle left the fort
to go over land to Canada, and was assassinated, March
19th, 1688, on the Arkansas river, by some of his own
people."—Essai Historique sur la LouisUme, par Charles
Gay arre.
